###Chapter 1
Chapter 1
“Sebastian is coming back?” 
The eight-months pregnant Sasha was folding the newly bought onesies in the nursery when she heard the housemaids’ conversation. He’s coming back? Is it because my due date is approaching? 
Her heart was bursting with joy until her hands trembled. 
Although Sebastian was the baby’s father, she had only met him once on their wedding night. He never showed up after that. 
With watery eyes, she caressed her pregnant belly. “Oh, my baby, I know your daddy doesn’t like me, but it’s okay. I will be happy as long as he’s here to witness your birth.” 
A smile of joy and satisfaction lit up her face. 
Two days later, Sebastian was finally back after disappearing for ten months. 
When Sasha heard the news, she held her baby bump while carefully trotting out of her bedroom to meet him. 
As she looked down from the top of the stairs, her face turned ashen. Apart from the man whom she missed a lot, she saw a woman standing next to him in the living room. 
“Sebastian, I asked you to come back to take care of Sasha. Why did you bring this woman back?” 
“Don’t you know why? I told you I have nothing to do with this marriage. The woman I want to marry is Xandra, and she’s standing next to me right now.”
In his black coat, Sebastian’s chiseled face held a frosty expression. The man exuded a cold aura while he levelled his father’s stare. 
Frederick was left fuming at his son’s words. “Don’t you know Sasha’s due date is near? She’s pregnant with your baby! How dare you say something like that!” 
“Huh,” he snorted, “The baby? She wouldn’t be pregnant if you hadn’t spiked my drink on my wedding night. You know what, the baby doesn’t deserve to come to this world!” 
The living room fell into a dead silence. 
Standing by the staircase, Sasha felt a dull pain from within her chest; his words pierced through her heart, tearing it to smithereens. At that instant, she experienced a temporary blackout of vision while the surrounding noises faded away. How could he say something like that! My baby… My baby is unwelcomed… 
Soon she felt dizzy and lightheaded. 
“Oh, no! Madam! Madam, you’re bleeding!” 
“What?” 
At that instant, the housemaid’s shouts rang out in the Hayes Residence. 
Both father and son, who were at a standoff, instantly looked up to see the pregnant Sasha standing by the staircase. 
Blood was trickling down her legs from beneath her skirt to the stairs. 
Sebastian’s expression changed at the horrific sight.
Fixing her eyes at the man, Sasha uttered, “That’s some kind of great love you have, Sebastian Hayes! Building your happiness on your baby’s suffering and death. I wonder if you’ll ever be at peace with yourself for the rest of your life?” 
In his daze, Sebastian realized this was the first time she was speaking to him since the wedding night. 
Before he could even say anything, Sasha had collapsed onto the ground. Blood was gushing out from beneath her skirt, spreading across the floor. 
One housemaid called out, “Quick! Send her to the hospital!” 
Within minutes, Sasha, who was unconsciousness, was rushed to the hospital. 
In the silent living room, Xandra tried to comfort Sebastian, “Don’t think too much. It has nothing to do with you. The whole arranged marriage is a mistake from the beginning, and they drugged you to get her pregnant. That woman even dared to curse you! Sebastian…” 
Before she could even finish her words, the man who had never gotten angry with her suddenly shot her a murderous glare. He bellowed, “Shut up! It is not your place to meddle or even talk about the Hayes’ family affairs.” 
Xandra shuddered. In the face of his anger, she dared not to utter a single word. Sasha Wand, you b*tch! I hope you and your baby die! Don’t ever come back again! 
Meanwhile, in the hospital. 
An hour had passed. The gynecologist finally came out of the operating theatre with a baby in her arms. With a heavy heart, she told Frederick, “I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. She suffered a massive loss of blood, and we failed to save her. We only managed to save one of the triplets.” 
Sasha, died?
My poor granddaughter-in-law and the triplets… Now there’s only one of them left? 
It was an earth-shattering blow to Frederick. As a result, he fainted while clenching his chest. 
“Oh, no! Mr. Hayes!” 
In the meantime, Sebastian had left the Hayes Residence with Xandra. They were heading to his apartment in the city. 
The moment he received the news, he couldn’t help grasping the steering wheel. “She’s dead?” 
Luke Scott, his assistant, answered, “Yes. I heard she has always been in a poor condition. She died from a massive blood loss, but the doctor managed to save one of the triplets. It’s a boy, and Mr. Hayes Sr. has brought him back home.” 
To prove his words, Luke even sent Sebastian a picture of Sasha and the two babies’ bodies covered under a white sheet. 
The latter’s pupils constricted at the sight of the picture. 
Screech! 
He stomped on the brakes, bringing the car to an abrupt halt in the middle of the road. 
###Chapter 2
Chapter 2
Five years later, in a renowned hospital in Moranta. 
Sasha was presenting a patient’s case study in fluent French to the other medical experts in the meeting room. 
The short hair suited her delicate skin and features, accentuating her bright eyes like a pair of dazzling gems. 
“I’m sorry, Dr. Nancy, but do you mean to say this patient doesn’t need an operation? You’re suggesting that we should use acupuncture?” 
Sasha flipped through the medical report and flashed a confident smile at the medical experts. “If you trust my opinion, then yes.” 
She was now Dr. Nancy Wand, an alias she assumed five years ago. Back then, the gynecologist had announced her demise to the Hayes after saving her from the jaws of death. 
Sasha would rather die than return to the Hayes Residence; that place was a nightmare for her. 
Later, she came to Moranta and settled down in this country. Within five years, she made a name for herself as a doctor who also specialized in Traditional Chinese Medicine using the skills she had inherited from the Wand family. 
The medical experts’ thoughts wavered upon hearing her confident reply. 
Yet Sasha had no time to wait for their answer. She took a glance at her watch and soon left the meeting room.
“Dr. Nancy, you’re picking up your kids again?” 
“Yes.” 
While hurrying down the stairs, she came across some colleagues and returned their greetings with a bright smile. 
She was eager to fetch her kids. 
Ten minutes later, at the preschool. 
The entrance of the preschool was deserted by when Sasha arrived. Just then, a little girl with a pigtail cheerfully trotted in her direction. “Mommy, you’re finally here! I’ve waited for you for so long!” 
She immediately got out of the car. “I’m late today. I’m sorry, Vivi. I won’t be late next time. Can you forgive me?” 
Vivian would never blame her mommy for being late. “It’s alright. Matt is here with me, and he brought me a lot of yummy snacks! Look, I’m stuffed!” the little girl said as she rubbed her tummy. 
Her words warmed Sasha’s heart. 
Matt, Vivian’s twin, was indeed a very thoughtful little boy. He would always take good care of his younger sister. 
“Why don’t we go and find Matt now?” 
“Alright, Mommy!” 
A few minutes later, Sasha found her son in the teachers’ room. 
She was concerned to see him being the center of attention once again, surrounded by the teachers.
“Oh, my god! Look! The transfer student who is joining us really looks identical to our dear Matteo!” 
“You’re right! Check this out!” One of the teachers brought a photo next to Matteo’s face. 
Matteo took a glance at the photo. 
“How do we look alike? Is his face chubby like mine?” 
“Well… No.” 
“Does he look as adorable as me when he smiles?” 
Matteo leaned forward, cupping his cute little face. 
The teachers burst into laughter. 
Yet, they found the two didn’t really look that alike after a closer look. The five-year-old boy in the photo was pulling a straight face; his gloomy expression made him look like a little adult. To them, Matteo was definitely cuter. 
“Matt, what are you doing?” Sasha asked when she saw the interaction between them. 
“Mommy, you’re here! Well, I did nothing.” 
Upon hearing his mom’s voice, he reacted swiftly by hopping off the table, beaming. 
Matteo had always been a cheerful boy. 
Even though his facial features resembled that man, he didn’t inherit the latter’s cold and ruthless personality. Rather, Matteo was a kid with a warm personality and a bright smile that never left his face. 
###Chapter 3
Chapter 3
“Is it? Don’t lie to me. Do you remember the last time when you tricked the teacher into ruining the computer so that the students could take a day off? Did you really do nothing bad this time?” 
“Eh…” These teachers are pestering me! Ugh! How could Mommy think badly of me? Am I really a troublemaker in her eyes? 
“Last time, I only taught them to play a little game on the computer.” Then, he changed the topic. “Mommy, I’m hungry. Can we go home now?” 
In the end, Sasha had no choice but to let him off. She bade the teachers goodbye and brought the little ones home. 
After they arrived home, Sasha busied herself in the kitchen to prepare dinner. 
However, before she was done, the hospital called. 
“Dr. Nancy, the committee has agreed to let you take over the patient. Is it convenient for you to come back now?” 
“Now?” 
The nurse replied helplessly over the phone, “Yes. The patient’s family member is here as well. She wishes to speak to you after she learned of the committee’s decision.” 
This type of patient and their family members were a headache. Perhaps it was a common trait of the rich to boss around as though they owned the world.
In the end, Sasha agreed to head back to the hospital. 
“Matt, I need to go to the hospital now. Can you stay at home with Vivi and have dinner with her?” 
“Of course. Mommy, don’t worry. I will take good care of Vivian.” 
Matteo behaved like a mature young man as he waved at his mom, reassuring her about them. 
Sasha left the house, knowing that she could leave Vivian in his hands. 
Unbeknownst to her, the two little ones sneaked into her study as soon as she left. 
“Matt, what are you doing? Mommy asked us to have our dinner!” 
“Shush! Today, the principal showed me a photo of a boy who is transferring to our preschool. You know what, the boy and I look alike. I want to find out about him!” 
Matteo climbed behind his mom’s computer desk. Within minutes, he managed to hack into the principal’s computer and retrieved the new student’s information. 
“Wow! Matt, is that you?” 
Vivian gasped in shock the moment she saw the photo and information on their computer screen. 
Feeling confused, Matteo furrowed his brows while pointing at the screen. “No. See, his name is Ian Hayes.” 
Vivian’s eyes grew wider. 
“Ian Hayes? It’s not you! But why does he look like you? Did Mommy give birth to him too?” 
Matteo suddenly recalled that there were times when their mother would take an unworn onesie out of a small wooden chest, crying when she thought no one was around. At that instant, Matteo decided to
check to check Ian out himself. 
He jotted down the address for Hilton Hotel from the address column of Ian’s information. 
Half an hour later, at Clear Hospital. 
“Dr. Nancy, you’re here!” 
“Where’s the patient’s family?” Sasha asked. 
The nurse kindly gave her a reminder. “She’s at Mr. Jackson’s office. Dr. Nancy, you need to be careful. It seems like she’s a bad-tempered person.” 
Sasha returned her a grateful smile. Then, she changed into her white coat and put a mask on before heading to the director’s office. 
“Mr. Jackson, I’m Nancy.” 
“Come on in! Nancy, meet the patient’s family member.” 
Henry Jackson, the elderly director, was trying hard to communicate with the patient’s family member, who was sitting opposite him. Beads of sweat were seen covering his forehead. 
Unfortunately, the patient’s family member was a tough nut to crack. 
Upon hearing her voice, Henry immediately opened the door for Sasha and invited her into the office as if she was his lifeline. 
Sasha was slightly bewildered to see the director opening the door for her personally. 
Soon, she took notice of the person sitting on the sofa. Her eyes widened in disbelief upon seeing that woman who was sitting on a sofa.
“Mr. Jackson, is she the ones you’ve been telling me about—the best doctor in your hospital? Are you serious?” the woman asked. 
She was a tall woman with brown wavy hair and exquisite make-up. The high-end branded dress she was wearing further accentuated her air of haughtiness. 
That woman was none other than Xandra Green! 
Sasha never thought Xandra would be the first amongst her old acquaintances whom she got to meet after five years. 
So, she’s my patient? 
Her eyes, being the only semblance of emotion that could be seen on her face, grew icy in an instant upon the realization. 
Five years ago, she entered into an arranged marriage with Sebastian. Since both the Wands and the Hayes had always been on friendly terms, the two families decided to arrange an engagement for the five-year-old Sebastian with her, the newborn baby girl of the Wand family. 
Even though she had liked Sebastian since she was young, she never really took the arrangement seriously, thinking it was just a joke. 
It was only until the overnight destruction of the Wand family when Frederick brought up about the arranged engagement, asking her to marry into the Hayes family. Instead of scorning Sasha, he gave her a stable life by accepting her into the family. 
That was when she decided to fulfill the arranged marriage. 
Eventually, she married Sebastian to seek the family love that she lost, like a moth to the flame. She never expected their marriage would end up being a tragedy.
“Mr. Jackson, I was wrong.” 
“What?” 
“I can’t cure her illness. You should find another doctor to help her,” Sasha said coldly. 
With that, she turned and left the office. 
###Chapter 4
Chapter 4
Henry was at a loss for words. 
As for Xandra, she was infuriated to hear Sasha’s words. “What did you say? I dare you to repeat yourself!” 
There was a threatening undertone in her piercing voice. 
Yet Sasha didn’t bother to spare a glance at her. 
In fact, she left the office without batting an eyelid. 
Xandra was a b*tch who didn’t deserve to talk to her. 
“What’s with that attitude? Is she out of her mind? Is she quitting her job?” 
“Oh, Mrs. Hayes, please don’t take it to heart. I believe there has been a misunderstanding. I’ll explain to Dr. Nancy immediately and make sure she treats Mr. Hayes tomorrow. Do not worry about that.” 
In an agitated state, Henry explained to Xandra to defuse her anger before he went after Sasha. 
This woman is Mrs. Hayes now? So Mr. Hayes is my patient, huh? How dare they ask me to treat that man! Five years have passed, yet these two scumbags are still alive and kicking. Both of them should go to hell. Why should I even treat him? 
Upon hearing snippets of their conversation, Sasha quickened her pace to leave the place. 
Little did she know her entire body was quivering in anger and she was clenching her fists so tightly that her knuckles had turned white. She ran all the way to her car and slammed the door shut, buried her
head in the steering wheel as she closed her reddened eyes. 
She thought she had already forgotten about the past, but Xandra’s appearance made her realize that the wound in her heart hadn’t healed. Hatred was still boiling in her and she wanted to stab that woman to death on the spot. 
Sebastian Hayes, you have no right to ask me to save you. I’d rather save a dog than the man who sacrificed his children’s lives for his so-called love. 
After a long while, she finally recollected herself and headed back home. 
Her children were already sound asleep when she arrived home. 
Sasha knew she could always count on Matteo. Not only had he had dinner with Vivian, he also gave her a bath. The two were now huddling together in bed. 
“Mommy, you’re back?” he mumbled in his sleep. 
Sasha pecked him on the forehead. “Yes, I’m back. Goodnight, sweetie.” 
Matteo rolled over and continued sleeping. 
Sasha couldn’t help but curl her lips into a heartfelt smile as she tucked the blanket around them. For a moment, she looked at them lovingly before leaving their bedroom for her study. 
“Willow, have you gone to bed?” 
“Not yet. Why?” 
“Can you do me a favor? Go to the hospital tomorrow morning and…”
Sasha spoke to Willow Fischer, her best friend, through the phone while she booked three flights to Jetroina on the Internet. 
… 
In the penthouse suite of Hilton hotel located at the city center. 
With a gloomy expression, Sebastian stared at the woman, who was sobbing ever since she returned. 
He was sitting on the couch with his legs crossed. In his white shirt coupled with a black tie, the man had a distinguished air about him. 
He became even more charming although five years had passed. 
“Ms. Green, you mean Clear Hospital didn’t arrange a doctor for us? The rumors were wrong? It is not a renowned hospital?” Luke Scott, the president’s assistant, asked after seeing Xandra crying. 
If one had been paying attention, one would have noticed that he had addressed Xandra as Ms. Green, not Mrs. Hayes. 
“That’s right! Their attitudes were atrocious. The petty doctor started scolding me after I raised several queries. She said she never intended to treat Sebastian!” 
Xandra recounted what happened earlier in the hospital in an exaggerating manner. 
Hearing that, Sebastian’s eyes darkened. 
“Who is she?” 
“Nancy! I heard Mr. Jackson calling her Nancy. He said she is the one and only doctor in the hospital who knows Traditional Chinese Medicine,” Xandra answered eagerly.
The hostility in her eyes was barely veiled. She hoped they could immediately bring Sasha to Sebastian so that the latter could make her pay the price for her rudeness. 
Nancy, huh? Sebastian’s face was clouded over. 
He had suffered from chronic insomnia for years and could only fall asleep with the help of medication. However, everyone knew it would be detrimental if one was to take such medication on a long-term basis. It would bring about significant side effects such as an alteration of mood and acute headache, which could be so unbearable that the sufferer would end up having an outburst of anger. 
That was why Sebastian resorted to seeking help at Clear Hospital. 
His eyes gleamed with murderous intent when he heard a petty doctor was refusing to treat him. 
“Luke, look into this person called Nancy. I want to know who she is.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
“And also, ask Henry to come and see me.” 
Sebastian was referring to the director of Clear Hospital. 
Luke immediately complied. As for Xandra, a wicked smile crept onto her face the moment Sebastian gave his orders. Nancy, you’re just a petty doctor. I will make you pay for going against me! 
… 
On the other hand, Sasha’s her sleep was disrupted by thoughts of her encounter with Xandra earlier that day. 
Even so, she failed to notice that the screen of her phone, which was in silent mode, lit up several times throughout the night. The next morning, when she was awakened by the alarm, only did she find out
there were eight missed calls. 
She was instantly wide awake. 
###Chapter 5
Chapter 5
Those were calls from the hospital. 
She was not on call, nor was she a doctor from the Emergency Room. No one would call her in the middle of the night. 
Then why did the hospital call me so many times? Could it be… 
At that instant, a horrible thought hit her, and she immediately hopped out of bed. 
“Matteo, Vivi, it’s time to wake up now! We’re going on a vacation today! Hurry, or we’re going to be late.” 
She rushed to the nursery to wake her children up. 
Vivian grumbled, “Mommy…” 
Feeling groggy, she was reluctant to open her eyes. 
In contrast, Matteo was wide awake at the mention of “vacation”. 
“Vacation? Mommy, where are we going? Don’t you need to work?” 
“Well, I’m taking a few days off to bring you guys to Jetroina. I’ve already booked the flights to give you a surprise. Wake up now!” 
Sasha carried Vivian, who was still sleeping, out of bed while answering Matteo’s questions. 
Seeing that, the boy quickly climbed out of bed.
Twenty minutes later, the three of them were ready to go. 
Buzz… Buzz… 
Just then, Sasha’s phone vibrated. It was a call from Willow. 
“Hello?” 
Willow gabbled over the phone, “Oh, Nancy! What’s happening? Your consultation room is packed with people ransacking the place. I think they are looking for you. You took a leave suddenly, and now, the hospital is in chaos. What’s going on? Did you offend these people?” 
Sasha’s face turned pale at her words. 
“It’s nothing. They wanted me to treat a patient, but I refused to. They are just looking for the patient’s notes in my consultation room. Don’t worry, everything is fine. Since they already looked for the report by themselves, you should go.” 
“Really?” Willow asked dubiously. 
Without bothering to answer her, Sasha hung up the call. She was running out of time, and there was no need or any use explaining to her friend. 
She got her children in the car and then headed toward the airport. 
She was determined not to expose her identity. Not only was she reluctant to meet that man again, she would not let him know about the children’s existence because he would definitely snatch them away from her. 
She knew well that she stood no chance at all against a man who owned one of the largest business empires in the world.
This was the very reason she booked the flights and asked Willow to help her hide her documents and those medical reports in her consultation room as soon as she got home after meeting that b*tch at the hospital. 
Unfortunately, it was too late. 
She never expected Sebastian to act this swiftly in the middle of the night. Doesn’t he sleep at all? Is there a need to make a scene in the hospital just because I refused to treat him? 
The car whizzed along the highway. Eventually, she managed to reach the airport within thirty minutes. 
“Matteo, stay here and look after Vivi. I need to get our boarding passes.” 
The boy sensed his mother’s rush, so he replied compliantly, “Alright, Mommy.” 
Sasha grabbed their passports and made her way to the self-service check-in kiosk. 
She was exasperated when the machine couldn’t identify their flight tickets and passport numbers. What’s wrong with the machine? 
She was in a hurry, but now it turned out that the machine was not functioning. It felt like everything was not going her way. 
Having no choice, she could only head to the counter to retrieve the boarding passes from the staff. 
“Hello, I’m here to retrieve the boarding passes for XXX flight.” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Wand, but I’m afraid you’re barred from leaving the country,” the staff informed her after checking her passport and flight ticket. 
Barred from leaving the country? Why? What have I done?
She was utterly shocked. 
“Excuse me, can I ask why I am banned from leaving the country?” 
“I’m sorry. I have no idea. We received the notice to stop Dr. Nancy Wand, a doctor from Clear Hospital, from leaving the country. If you have any doubts, do call the airline or the authority for clarification.” 
For a few seconds, Sasha stood rooted to her spot. She couldn’t help but curse internally upon hearing the staff’s words. 
Damn it! It doesn’t take a genius to know that they are targeting me. I’m stuck in the airport because of that b*stard! 
Does he have the authority to instruct the airline in Moranta to stop me from leaving the country? He even found out that we are flying to Jetroina! 
Sasha was so angry that her entire body was shaking with anger. 
###Chapter 6
Chapter 6
Matteo, who was guarding their suitcases, noticed her abnormality. He grabbed Vivi’s wrist as the two rushed up to her. “Mommy, what’s wrong? What happened?” 
“W-What?” 
Sasha was boiling with rage when suddenly her child’s voice crept into her ears. She lowered her head to look at them standing beside her. Oh no, how could I have forgotten about Matt and Vivi! It doesn’t matter if that b*stard catches me, but I can’t let him find out about them. Or I will lose my most precious babies. 
Finally, she came back to her senses. Kneeling in front of Matteo, she grabbed his arms and explained, “Matt, listen to me now. I can’t bring you guys to Jetroina because there’s an emergency that I need to attend to. I’ll call Ms. Fischer to come over and bring you back. Is it okay?” 
Matteo fell silent for a while. 
Although he was surprised by his mom’s sudden change of decision, he nodded his agreement upon seeing the panic and the tinge of guilt in her eyes. 
“Alright, Mommy. Don’t worry. I will take good care of Vivi and go home with Ms. Fischer.” 
“Matt, you’re such a good boy. I’ll leave everything to you then. Now I’ll bring you guys to the café over there where you wait for Ms. Fischer.” 
Sasha looked at her thoughtful son lovingly. With a heavy heart, she pulled him into her arms. 
Standing beside them, Vivian wanted a hug too. “Mommy, why do you only hug Matt? I want a hug too!”
“Oh, I’ve missed out on our little Vivi. Come, let me hug you!” 
Sasha let out a chuckle as she embraced her daughter, who had a plushie in her arms. Soon after that, she led them to the nearby café. 
Ten minutes later, she received a call from the hospital. 
“Dr. Nancy, are you at work? Mr. Jackson is waiting for you.” 
“I’m on my way,” she replied impassively while walking out of the airport. 
Then she got into her car and drove off. 
Actually, she was not afraid of confronting Sebastian since she didn’t owe that man anything; she did nothing wrong. 
Nevertheless, she avoided him because she was reluctant to meet him. Besides, she was worried that she might lose Matt and Vivi if he found out about them. 
She had traveled all the way across the globe to settle down in Moranta. It was beyond her expectation that he would show up after five years. 
Since the matter had already come to a head, she might as well meet him and deal with him once and for all. 
On her way to the hospital, she regained her usual composure. There was not a trace of emotion on her face. 
In the meantime, Sebastian was toying with a doctor’s ID card as he waited in Henry’s office. 
Nancy, huh? This name indeed sounds better than Sasha.
Besides becoming gutsier, that woman who dared fake her death under his eyes had also acquired a better taste over the past five years. 
He stared intently at the photo attached to the ID card with his bloodshot eyes. 
Henry asked in a quivering voice, “M-Mr. Scott, i-is Mr. Hayes alright? D-Dr. Nancy is on… on her way here.” 
The grim expression on Sebastian’s face daunted him. Sitting near that man, the director couldn’t help feeling suffocated by his intimidating aura. 
Luke didn’t know how to respond since he had no idea if Sebastian was alright. 
All he knew was that after the latter heard about that woman and the babies’ death, he personally chose three burial plots of the best location in the cemetery and buried them in his capacity as a husband and father. 
Not only that, Sebastian never once mentioned marrying Xandra after that. 
Luke was equally unsure whether Sasha would be alright. Perhaps Mr. Hayes will really kill Madam… 
He shuddered at the thought. 
All of them waited tensely in the office for about forty minutes. Finally, they heard the sound of clicking heels approaching them. 
“Mr. Jackson, it’s me, Nancy.” 
In an instant, her voice brought the men back to reality. Henry had never been so agile when he rushed to open the door.
The elderly director’s swiftness rendered Luke speechless. 
Sitting in the black rocking chair, Sebastian’s pupils constricted the moment he heard her voice. He was clenching on the ID card so tightly that it broke into two. Sasha Wand! You’re finally here! 
Standing before the opened door, Sasha cast her eyes over the office and immediately saw the man sitting in the middle of the room. 
He looked the same as five years ago, with his chiseled features and thick eyebrows, a distinct feature of a mature man. His dark eyes were reddened, yet the arrogance in them was evident. 
The man was still full of charm, though five years had passed. 
It was a pity that she was now immune to his charm. 
###Chapter 7
Chapter 7
“Mr. Jackson, I heard you were looking for me?” 
Sasha’s tone was icy cold. Her calm, indifferent gaze swept over the man in front of her as if she had never seen him before. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
His murderous impulses only grew stronger when the doctor, dressed in a white coat and wearing a mask, entered his field of vision. 
“Ah! Nancy, Mr. Hayes is the patient who came to look for you last night. Now that you’re here, can you take a look and diagnose him?” 
“Mr. Jackson, I told you it was my mistake for accepting him as a patient yesterday. I do not have the means or medical knowledge to help him. Please ask another doctor to look at him. If there is nothing else, I will take my leave now.” 
Sasha turned around and made to leave. 
The medical director and Luke were both rendered speechless. 
Just as they were still looking for words to diffuse the situation, a shadow slipped out from behind them. Before they realized what was happening, Sebastian had pounced onto Sasha and pinned her against the door. 
What the hell?
Tears blurred her vision as pain from the impact shot up her back. 
Henry and Luke’s jaws dropped. 
“Sasha Wand! Do you think this is a game? Fine! I’ll play along with you!” 
Sebastian’s face contorted in rage. He glared at her with his bloodshot eyes, like a feral predator hunting down its prey. Within seconds, he had torn Sasha’s face mask away and wrapped his large hand around her neck, lifting her off the ground. 
Her face was no longer the one he knew from five years ago. Back then, she was still innocent and adorable. Although her physical features hadn’t changed much, he couldn’t find a single trace of those qualities in her face anymore. 
Even now, as Sebastian was choking her, he couldn’t see any fear or panic in her watery eyes. 
All he saw was disdain and apathy. 
“Go on… I dare you to… choke me to death… I’ve already died once anyway, I’m not afraid of dying a second time… I’m telling you now, Sebastian… Either you kill me again today… Or one day, I’ll… kill you myself!” 
He saw red. 
The veins on Sebastian’s arm bulged as he tightened his grip on her. 
“Mr. Hayes, what are you doing? She’s your wife! Let go of her!” 
Fortunately, Luke had regained his composure in time and rushed forward to pull at his boss’ arm, forcefully removing Sasha from Sebastian’s clutches. 
Thump! She crumpled onto the floor, gasping for air like a fish on land.
He’s a monster. 
It took a few minutes for everyone to calm down. Surprisingly, the atmosphere in the office became less frigid than it was before, possibly due to the sudden frightful incident that had taken place. 
“Sasha, I’m giving you a chance to tell me honestly: what happened five years ago? Why are you still alive? What happened to the two kids? Where did you bring them? Are they living with you now? You’re not leaving until you answer every single one of my questions!” 
The mood in the office was calmer, but the murderous aura was still emanating off of Sebastian. 
As he towered over Sasha, his mind was filled with flashbacks of the incident from all those years ago, and how he had blamed and hated himself for what had happened. 
He remembered how he vowed to do everything he could to make sure the sole surviving child would live a healthy life, and he would never have a relationship with another woman ever again. 
Sebastian Hayes had never felt so humiliated before; he absolutely wanted to kill Sasha right there and then. 
Yet the only reaction she gave him was a dry laugh. 
“Why am I alive? Are you upset that I didn’t die? I’m really sorry about that, but it’s not like I owe you anything. If it isn’t your fault that I got married to you and gave birth to three of your children, then it certainly couldn’t have been mine. 
“After all, it was just an arranged marriage; you kept emphasizing that you had the right to the freedom to love. Now what? I went through hell to give you a child, and now I’ve even lost the right to continue living?” 
Her cruel words rendered Sebastian, who had been so worked up, speechless.
Sasha continued sarcastically, “Besides, weren’t you granted your wish of a perfect love story because I faked my death? You said you loved Xandra and wanted to marry her. I made you a widower so you could do as you please. It all worked out perfectly, no?” 
Sebastian silently stared at her for a while, suddenly wondering if he was talking to a stranger. 
Since when did she become so cynical? Every sentence that came out of her mouth dripped with venom. This was not the happy-go-lucky Sasha he once knew. 
If he remembered correctly, she didn’t even dare to raise her chin and look him in the eye when they first met. 
Sebastian’s expression turned stony. 
###Chapter 8
Chapter 8
“You still think you can talk your way out of this? Fine! Take her away!” Sebastian suddenly roared. 
A group of his henchmen dressed in all-black appeared out of nowhere and grabbed Sasha’s arms. 
Stunned, she shot back at him. “Where do you think you’re taking me? I’m warning you, I’m now a legal citizen of Moranta! Taking me anywhere against my will is kidnapping; it is illegal!” 
“Illegal?” He scoffed. “I am the law here!” 
“Where are you taking me? Are you crazy? You desperately wanted me out of your life, but why are you dragging me back now? Are you trying to wash the blood off your hands? Or are you trying to show off what a liberal lover you are by being a polygamist? You’re insane! Let go of me right now!” 
Her yells could still be heard from the third-floor office, even as she was dragged to the first floor. 
Luke noticed a vein had popped in the corner of his boss’ forehead. I wish I was anywhere but here. The farther, the better. 
This is terrifying. 
This ex-wife of Sebastian’s was quite a force to be reckoned with. If she dared say anything similar to any of the Larsons, she would have been skinned alive by now. 
Nevertheless, Sasha was still taken against her will. 
The chaotic hospital finally resumed its peace with her departure. 
At a high-end apartment in town.
Willow had just picked up Matteo and his sister. As per Sasha’s instructions, she brought them back to her own apartment instead of sending them home. 
“Matteo, Vivian, I’m going to leave for a minute to open shop, okay? You can watch TV while you wait for me. I’ll buy something yummy for you both to eat when I return.” 
“Yes, Ms. Fischer.” 
Vivian, being the ever-hungry child that she was, instantly agreed. 
Matteo nodded as well, but deliberately waited until Willow had left before making a beeline for the house phone. 
Vivian tottered after her brother while hugging a plushie. “Matt, what are you doing?” 
Picking up the phone, he glanced at her. “I’m calling Mommy to see if she’s at the hospital.” 
“Huh?” 
Why would Mommy not be at the hospital? Didn’t she say she went back to work? 
The young girl watched Matteo. After a while, she grew bored and walked away to watch cartoons. 
After what felt like a million rings, someone from the hospital finally answered the call. “Hello?” 
“Hello. I’d like to ask if Dr. Nancy is in today?” 
“Dr. Nancy… I’m sorry, she isn’t here today. If you’re one of her patients, you may reschedule your appointment with her,” the nurse said kindly, confirming his suspicions. 
How is that possible? 
If Mommy didn’t go to the hospital, where else could she be?
Matteo didn’t believe what the nurse said, but he knew it was useless to continue asking her. So he hung up the call and climbed down from the stool he’d used to reach the phone, hiding away in Willow’s study. 
In a few minutes, a computer screen in the study lit up with various angles of live security camera footages from Clear Hospital. 
He scanned through the footage and very quickly found his mother. She had walked through the main halls, used the elevators, and then stood in the doorway to the director’s office. 
But why was Mommy being dragged by some men in black when she exited Mr. Jackson’s office? 
The young boy furrowed his eyebrows. 
Meanwhile, at Hilton Hotel, Sasha hadn’t stopped struggling for a single moment since she left the hospital. 
However, no matter how she struggled, she was no match for the burly men in black. In the end, they still brought her to the penthouse suite and shoved inside. 
“Give it up! I’m never going to diagnose you!” 
That was the first thing that came out of her mouth when she was finally set free. Instead of admiring the luxurious interior of the suite, she rubbed her wrists sullenly. 
Sebastian said nothing to her. From the opposite side of the ridiculously large living room, a small figure walked out. 
“You’re home? They canceled my orientation at the preschool today because you were thirty-eight minutes late!”
It was a child who looked eerily similar to Sebastian. With a stoic expression on his adolescent face, his chilly aura was a carbon copy of the latter’s. 
The strangest part was that even the way he talked sounded exactly like the a*shole who had just kidnapped her. 
It robbed Sasha of her ability to think. 
Sebastian ignored her and patiently told his son, “I was a little busy this morning, so there was a slight delay. I will make it up to you next time, okay?” 
Ian gave him a deadpan look. “Do you always violate the terms when you sign contracts at work too?” 
As both adults were rendered speechless, one out of anger and the other out of pure shock, Ian’s gaze landed on Sasha. 
“Who is she?” 
Suddenly, her heart jumped into her throat. All she could hear was the blood rushing in her ears as her entire body trembled. 
###Chapter 9
Chapter 9
My son! 
That’s my other son! 
Sasha was nearly in hysterics as she jumped at the chance to tell the boy the truth. 
But at that moment, the piece of scum kneeling in front of Ian cut in, saying, “She’s no one. If you don’t want to go to preschool today, Luke can bring you downstairs to play and get a snack.” 
Ian immediately nodded at the mention of food. 
Sasha could only watch helplessly as Luke brought the child away. 
“Why did you tell him I’m no one? He’s my son!” 
“Oh, really? As far as I’m concerned, his mommy is dead. She has her own gravestone at the cemetery and everything.” 
Sebastian walked over to the wine cooler to pour a glass of red wine for himself, elegantly drinking from it as he sat on a sofa in the living room and ignored Sasha’s presence. 
Although infuriated, she knew deep in her heart that what he said made sense. 
He’s right. From this son’s point of view, I’m dead. How am I going to explain things to him if I ask him to call me “Mommy”? Am I going to tell him I was actually alive after abandoning him all those years ago? 
All the blood drained from Sasha’s face as she chewed on her bottom lip.
Sebastian noticed this and sneered at her, “Now do you get it? Do you still want me to tell him that you’re his mommy?” 
She clenched her fists so tightly that her knuckles turned white. 
“Then what is it that you want? If you don’t want our son to know I’m his mother, why did you bring me here? Do you still want me to diagnose you? I’ve told you before, I wouldn’t check to see what was wrong with you, even if you were on your deathbed!” she growled through gritted teeth. 
Sebastian shrugged, unperturbed. “You’re thinking too deeply into it. You may be a jack of all trades, but you’re a master of none. I’m not so dumb as to put my life in your hands.” 
Sasha had grown so furious that she quieted down. 
“Then why did you bring me here?” 
“You still haven’t figured it out? Sasha, do you know the suffering you caused when you “died”? Do you know the pain that everyone who cared for you had to go through?” 
By the end of his tirade, Sebastian’s tone had grown fiercer than she’d ever heard it. 
He stared at her through narrowed eyes, resisting the urge to rip her up into pieces even as he watched her stumble backwards. 
How could I ever forget Frederick and Aunt Sharon? 
Frederick Hayes had been endlessly kind to her all those years ago, even when his own son didn’t like her and refused to acknowledge their marriage. 
But besides that, he never really talked with her.
Then, there was Aunt Sharon and her family. When the Wands had become bankrupt and Sasha’s mother passed away from the shock of her father being in jail, her aunt had taken up the responsibility of looking after what remained of the Wand family. Aunt Sharon had truly cared and worried for her. 
Yet Sasha repaid her by faking her death. 
Her eyes squeezed shut to block Sebastian’s words out. “That was all because of you!” 
“Because of me? Hah, way to push the blame onto others! Things have ended the way they did because you agreed to the marriage! Having to sleep with you was bearable if I used drugs, but no one forced you to marry me!” 
This man is the devil! 
She’d thought that after having grieved over her death for five years, he would at least show some mercy, but all he did was rip her old wounds apart and causing more pain with his mockery. 
The gut-wrenching agony clawed at her from the inside, completely consuming her. 
“You’re right! No one forced me! I was an idiot for marrying you! Are you satisfied now? I gave up my whole life for nothing and deteriorated into the mess that I am now because of me! Is that enough for you? Just go away…” 
Losing all sense of rationality, she grabbed anything within her reach and chucked it at Sebastian. Her bloodshot eyes filled with tears. 
For a second, her reaction shocked him. 
He probably never expected Sasha to lose control like this. 
Is she mad?
She can curse at me, but I’m not allowed to retaliate? 
He quickly ducked the that came flying his way. 
“Are you out of your mind? I’m telling you, don’t go all psycho here! Even if you actually lose your mind, I’m still going to drag you home and let everyone take a good look at your face!” 
Red in the face with fury, Sebastian spat out the ultimatum and left the room. 
Seeing this, Sasha instantly made a break for the door. 
She barely took five steps from where she’d been standing when the men in black reappeared out of nowhere and silently pulled out a handgun, aiming it at her head. 
“Sebastian, you scumbag; you demon; you a*shole! Come back! Let me out…” 
###Chapter 10
Chapter 10
An hour later, Matteo arrived at the Hilton hotel. 
Even though he was smart for his age, he was still a kid, so it took some time for him to arrive at his destination. 
Thankfully, he quickly spotted a car in the hotel parking lot that was the same one the men in black had driven when they took his mother away from the hospital. His heart skipping a beat in excitement, he made his way to the hotel lobby. 
“Hi, pretty lady! I’d like to ask who that car outside belongs to?” 
The receptionist, a young woman, lowered her head to see an adorable five-year-old boy standing on his tiptoes and peeking over the counter. With a fluffy head of dark hair and large, curious eyes, he looked like a handsome young protagonist from a Disney animation. 
Isn’t… Isn’t this Ian, the young boy who lives in our hotel’s penthouse suite? 
She stammered, “Mr. I-Ian? Why are… you here? Weren’t you just at the restaurant?” 
Huh? 
Mr. Ian? 
Matteo quickly picked up that something was off. 
So, he pulled a tall stool over and climbed onto it, resting his elbows on the reception counter as he smiled brightly at the young woman whose cheeks went red.
“That’s right! I just came out for a minute. Oh, do you know who the car outside belongs to, miss?” 
“Doesn’t it belong to your family? Your father’s staff was driving it when he came home just now,” she replied, confused. 
Matteo beamed; his chubby cheeks becoming round. “Okay! Thank you, pretty lady. I’ll be going now!” 
“Where are you going? It’s too dangerous for you to be alone. Let me walk you back to the restaurant, or your father is going to panic if he can’t find you.” The receptionist scrambled out of her seat, worried that the boy might get lost if he left the hotel premises. 
But Matteo wasn’t about to let that happen. 
She had recognized him as “Mr. Ian”, and he wanted to see for himself what the real Mr. Ian looked like. 
During class yesterday, his teacher had shown them a photo of a kid who was transferring to their preschool. The kid in the photo looked like Matteo, but his name was “Ian.” 
When he got home and hacked into the preschool principal’s computer to search for more information about Ian, the registered address was the penthouse suite of the very Hilton hotel that Matteo was currently at. 
He sprinted faster than a spooked bunny and left the receptionist in the dust, making his way to the hotel’s restaurant on the fourth floor. 
Ian was sitting like the perfect gentleman in the middle of the fancy restaurant, dressed in a small, tailored suit and a napkin tucked into his collar. He ignored the food in front of him; his expression one of impatience as he asked his father’s assistant, “Mr. Scott, when can we go home?” 
Ian and Matteo were completely different children.
Even though their physical features looked alike, their temperaments, personalities, and even their speech patterns were opposites. If Matteo was a refreshing ball of sunshine, then Ian was a mini Arctic Ocean just like his father, or maybe worse. 
Ian was not talkative, and he didn’t like being around other people because of his antisocial personality. He had been raised by Sebastian to act prim and proper at all times. There wasn’t a single trace of naivety or immaturity that should be found in a normal five-year-old. 
“Tsk, so that’s Mr. Ian? I really do look like him. But is he always as uptight like an old man?” Matteo mumbled to himself, feeling sorry for the other boy. 
“We can’t go home yet, Ian. We came here to look for a cure for your father’s illness. Don’t you want your father to be cured?” Luke told Ian. 
The young boy was silent for a few moments. It was obvious that he still cared for his father greatly. 
“Then the woman whom he brought along today is supposed to cure him?” 
“Sort of?” Luke laughed awkwardly, trying to give him the vaguest answer possible. 
Ian knitted his eyebrows together and finally picked up his fork and knife, digging into his food. “If that’s the case, then tell him not to be so mean to her!” 
Luke nearly choked on his food. 
A few feet away, Matteo stiffened up in shock. 
What? 
Who dares to be mean to Mommy? Unforgivable!
Whipping around, Matteo marched all the way to the penthouse suite, tiny fists clenched by his sides. 
A few minutes later, the guards standing outside of the suite saw a tiny figure walked out of the elevator and was heading towards them with a stern look on his face. For a moment, they broke out in a cold sweat. 
“Welcome back, Mr. Ian.” 
“Mmm.” Matteo was not an acting prodigy, but he did his best to mimic Ian’s uptight attitude. “Where’s Daddy?” 
“Mr. Hayes just left. But he said to tell you that if you came back early, you should go inside and rest, and that he’d return very soon.” 
The guards didn’t harbor a single ounce of suspicion towards Matteo as they hurriedly told him where his mother’s bully had gone before opening the door for the boy to enter the suite. 
Matteo stepped inside the penthouse suite, taking in his unfamiliar surroundings. 
The living room was nearly as large as a town square, decorated with expensive-looking furniture fit for royalty. 
Where’s Mommy? 
###Chapter 11
Chapter 11
Matteo gave the guards an annoyed look. “I got it. You can leave now.” 
“Huh? Leave? But…” 
“Do you want me to call Daddy?” Matteo asked haughtily. 
The guards immediately shut up and exchanged panicked looks before. To Matteo’s surprise, they actually left the room. 
This stuck-up Ian guy is awesome! He’s so powerful! 
Matteo smugly walked around the suite. He was oblivious to the fact that the guards had only followed his orders because they knew they have to deal with Sebastian as well as Frederick if they annoyed Ian. 
This isn’t a joke! Our jobs are on the line here! The kid has not one, but two secret weapons at his disposal! 
Running away is the only option we have! 
Matteo quickly lost interest in the fancy penthouse suite. He ran around in search of his mother. 
“Mommy?” 
“Who is it?” 
Fortunately for him, he heard his mother’s voice as soon as he called out to her. Elated, he ran as fast as his short legs could take him towards the source.
“Mommy? What happened?” 
“Ah! Matt, why are you here? How did you find this place? Did anyone else see you? You must leave right now, it’s too dangerous for you here!” 
Sasha, who had been hiding behind a sofa, instantly jumped up at the sound of her son’s voice, hastily wiping away her teary eyes. 
Matteo’s small face darkened as soon as he realized she had been crying. “Mommy, who bullied you? Is it that big meanie?” 
She shook her head, drying her wet cheeks before taking his hand in hers. “No, Matt. I’m fine. How did you get here? Did you come here to save me? Then let’s leave quickly.” 
But Matteo was already angered. 
That meanie dared to bully Mommy? He was never going to forgive him. When Matteo set his mind to protecting someone he loved, he would let nothing get in his way. 
The furious five-year-old scanned his environment, then walked over to the coffee table and picked up a pen and paper. 
“Matt, what are you doing?” Sasha asked, concerned. 
“Nothing. Just leaving a message for the meanie.” 
His tiny hand gripped the pen and swiftly wrote a simple message in French: 
You’re dead! 
“Matt!” gasped Sasha.
… 
Sebastian was with another doctor. 
He had been losing sleep for a week now. His insomnia worsened last night when he found out that Sasha was alive. He couldn’t go on like this. 
However, this doctor couldn’t figure out what was wrong with him either. 
“Mr. Hayes, I apologize for being blunt, but something psychological might cause your illness. Now that your condition has worsened, prescribing Diazepam would be pointless effective. Why don’t you see a psychologist?” 
“A psychologist?” 
Sebastian’s bloodshot, tired eyes narrowed as he knit his eyebrows together, clearly against the idea. 
The doctor could only sigh and keep silent. 
No one handled the diagnosis of mental illness well because no one wanted to admit that there was something psychologically wrong with themselves, especially if it was affecting them physically too. 
In the end, the doctor could only prescribe a heavier dose of Diazepam. 
Sebastian collected his medicine and was about to leave when he received a call from the hotel. 
“Mr. Hayes! Your ex… The woman has escaped!” 
“What? Escaped?” 
“Yes, and we found a note inside.”
On the other end of the call, Luke took a picture of the note with shaking hands and sent it to his boss. 
A vein in the corner of Sebastian’s forehead popped as soon as he read the note. “That b*tch has a death wish! Did you find out who did this? What are you still standing around for? Are you waiting for me to come back and give you a participation award?” 
“N-No, sir… We’ve checked, but someone wiped the security camera footage from the suite. When we asked the guards, they said no one except Ian went in!” 
“F*ck!” 
Sebastian heard a strange ringing in his ears as he grew dizzy, the world swaying under his feet. 
Unfortunately, that wasn’t all the bad news Luke had for him. 
“Mr. Hayes, someone has also dug up the security camera footage from this morning when we went to Mr. Jackson’s office and kidnapped your ex… I mean, that woman, and posted it on the internet. It went viral. Now everyone is trying to find out who you are. They want the authorities to take action.” 
“Trying to find out” was an understatement. 
It was a witch hunt. People from all over the world were trying to destroy one of the world’s few overlords of business. 
There was a sudden flash of pain in his head, quickly followed by another. The phone slipped out of his hands as he collapsed face-first onto the floor. 
“Mr. Hayes? Mr. Hayes!” 
###Chapter 12
Chapter 12
Sasha did not know the havoc her son had wreaked on the internet. 
All she could think about was escaping with her children to safety. 
I’m not going back to him. I feel guilty, but I’m never going back to him. 
Sebastian, including his father Frederick, would never allow descendants of the Hayes family to live their lives. They would rob Matteo and Vivian of their rightful childhood and take them away from her. 
These two kids were Sasha’s entire life. 
She swiftly packed up their belongings and heaved the luggage into her car before calling her children over. 
“Vivi, what are you doing? Where’s Matt?” 
“Matt’s in the study. Are we going on vacation again, Mommy? Where are we going this time?” 
Vivi, blissfully unaware of their situation. She saw her mother pull out their luggage and immediately stopped playing with her plushie, crawling down from the sofa. 
Sasha hastily nodded, telling her, “That’s right. Go call Matt over, we’re leaving right this instant.” 
“Yay! Okay, Mommy!” 
Elated, Vivian skipped her way to the study.
Matteo was staring at the computer screen, closely monitoring the online activity to check if anyone had found out who the meanie was yet. 
As he expected, someone really discovered the identity of the man who had choked his mother at the hospital. The man was Sebastian Hayes, the president of an international business corporation. 
Sebastian Hayes? 
Matteo clicked on the picture that the internet user had posted. 
“Wow! Matt, why does that man look like you? Did Mommy give birth to him too?” 
Vivian happened to enter the room at that exact moment. Upon seeing the picture of the man who looked similar to her older brother, she let out a gasp and covered her mouth with her hands. 
Matteo was stunned, too. 
But how could Mommy have given birth to him? He’s not a kid. He looks older than Mommy. So who is this guy? 
And that Ian looks like me, too. If this meanie is Ian’s dad, then what is my relation to them? 
A seed of doubt planted itself in Matteo’s mind. 
“Matt, Vivi, are you two done yet? We’re leaving!” Sasha called out from the living room, growing antsy when her children hadn’t come out after a while. 
Matteo quickly turned off the computer and brought his sister out of the study. 
“Where are we going, Mommy?”
“Um… Why don’t we stay at Aunt Karina’s for a few days? She just called me to say that the grapes in her farm are already ripe and that we can go over to pick them,” she suggested, trying her best to hide her anxiety. 
Vivi was easy enough to fool, but Matteo, the bright and mischievous boy that he was, was unconvinced. 
He chose not to expose his mother’s lie as he retrieved his tablet obediently before they left. 
“Don’t worry, Mommy. I’m sure the next few days are going to be fun.” 
“Yes, of course!” 
Sasha started up the car engine and finally allowed herself to let out a sigh of relief. Flooring the gas pedal, the car instantly took off, heading for the countryside. 
What she didn’t know was that in the car seat behind her, Matteo had deftly activated an application on his iPad that hid every signal being emitted from the devices in their car from the outside world. 
Good job, me! 
When Sebastian had woken up and returned to the hotel, the online issue had generally been resolved. 
Nevertheless, there were still no leads on the person who had left the note and helped Sasha escape. They’d scoured through the entire hotel and even checked the hacked security cameras, but nothing turned up. 
Sebastian was becoming so enraged that he felt like his head was splitting again. “Absolutely useless! What do I pay you all for?” 
“Yes, sir. It’s all my fault for not watching her properly. Please, calm down. I’ll tell the men to go out and look one more time. I will find them even if I have to comb through the entire city,” Luke said in a
placating tone. He was worried that his boss might faint again and thus, he took all the cursing in stride. 
There was no point in getting worked up over it anyway. If the person was so arrogant as to come straight to Sebastian’s place of residence to save Sasha and even leave behind a threatening message, then the person must have taken precautions. 
Pinching the center of his furrowed eyebrows, the migraine that had briefly gone away suddenly struck him even more intensely. 
“Where’s Ian?” 
“He’s resting in his room right now. Speaking of which, Ian helped greatly with the online incident. He hacked into the network and crashed several internet providers, buying our company some time to handle the news reports and videos.” 
Sebastian fumed silently once more. 
I hired a bunch of f*cking idiots! 
###Chapter 13
Chapter 13
Sebastian rubbed the center of his brows for a long time. Finally, he looked at the piece of note on the coffee table with bloodshot eyes. 
It was a simple note that seemed to be a piece of tissue drawn out of a tissue box. Despite that, the handwriting on it was childish, with a streak of boldness to it. 
“What kind of handwriting is this?” 
“A man’s?” Luke blurted out. 
There was a terrifying look in Sebastian’s reddened eyes as though he could barely hold himself back from murder. 
“A man? Her adulterer?” 
How could one say that the man was an adulterer? Sasha and Sebastian were no longer related to each other in any way. Furthermore, the man should be labeled as the boyfriend or lover, definitely not an adulterer. 
Luke continued bluntly, “You must be joking, Mr. Hayes. That man can’t be the adulterer. I believe he’s more like a boyfriend, or maybe the husband…” 
Slap! 
Before he could finish speaking, he was being hit across the face by an . 
“Husband, you say? Find this person by today, or else you will be punished!”
He flew into a rage and glared at his assistant. In his anger, he was as terrifying as the Devil. 
“Huh?” 
Luke stood with shaky legs as realization slowly dawned upon him. 
“No, Mr. Hayes. I was wrong. That’s not what I meant.” 
“Get lost!” 
In the end, Luke descended from the top floor of the hotel and went in search of that person. 
As soon as he left, a woman in a short skirt with exquisite makeup appeared at the back of the hotel. She watched him leave the hotel; resentment and hatred filled her eyes. 
You’re not dead, Sasha? 
It’s been five years, and I have not been able to step foot into the Hayes family since your death. As for that man, he has not mentioned that incident ever again. I thought it would be better to wait a few years, and that time heals everything. But now, you’ve actually appeared out of nowhere, alive? 
The woman’s face distorted in anger as she gritted her teeth. 
It was as though she couldn’t wait to rip Sasha into pieces. 
I’ll make you pay for this, Sasha Wand! 
The journey went well. By evening, Sasha and the two children arrived at Aunt Karina’s house in the countryside. 
Aunt Karina was in fact a patient Sasha had treated at Clear Hospital after she came to Moranta.
Karina had been suffering from a mysterious ailment. When western medication and treatments failed to improve her condition, she was referred to Sasha, who cured her using Chinese medicine and acupuncture. 
After her recovery, Karina would often bring fresh fruits and vegetables whenever she paid a visit to Sasha and her two children since she owned a farm in the countryside. 
Over time, she became one of the few close friends with them in this foreign land. 
“Nancy, that’s great! You really brought the kids here.” 
As soon as they arrived at the farm, Aunt Karina, who had received Sasha’s call earlier, came running out and welcomed them happily. 
“Aunt, Vivi is here too. Pick me up, please.” 
Vivian loved this place the most. When she saw Karina coming towards her, she immediately jumped out of the car and stretched out her chubby arms for a hug. 
Karina’s heart melted upon that sight. 
She picked up the little girl at once and held her in her arms. 
The family of three stayed at the farm, where Sasha thought they could lie low for the time being. Two days later, a phone call. 
“Nancy, there’s a call from Ms. Fischer. She said she’s looking for you.” 
Ms. Fischer? Willow Fischer? 
Without much thought, Sasha got up and went into the house to take the call.
“Hello? Willow?” 
“Sasha, I’m… I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to betray you. But they said… they said they’ll feed me to the sharks. Sasha, I… I don’t want to die…” 
No one would have thought that Willow would make the call and wail into the phone, begging for her life. 
Sasha’s expression turned ghastly. 
Who is feeding her to the sharks? 
Sebastian? That scumbag went to her? 
She was so angry that she couldn’t almost drop the receiver. Her face turned livid with rage. “Where are you now?” 
Willow uttered, “I…” 
“Tell her, she only has thirty minutes. If she doesn’t show up by then, I’ll throw you to the sharks!” 
Before Willow could utter another word, there was a sinister voice on the other end of the phone. Even though he was speaking from afar, Sasha could sense his murderous intent. 
It’s that scumbag, indeed. 
What should I do now? I can’t leave Willow behind. She has nothing to do with this! 
Sasha was shaking in anger. Finally, she hung up by slamming the phone down. 
Sebastian, you scumbag! 
###Chapter 14
Chapter 14
“Is something wrong, Mommy? What happened?” 
Seeing that his mother had been away for a little too long, Matteo went into the house to check on her. When he saw how angry she was, his brow furrowed with concern. 
Is that bad guy bullying Mommy again? He’s making her so mad. 
“It’s alright, Matt. Erm… I want to discuss something with you… Do you and your sister want to go back to great-aunt’s place?” 
Sasha knelt in front of her son and kept a tight lid on her emotions as she discussed the matter carefully with him. 
There was no point for her to hide now. Her next move was to rescue Willow from the scum’s hands. 
It was definitely impossible for her to bring the children along, and she couldn’t leave them here alone, either. It would be too dangerous. She couldn’t rule out the possibility of both children being discovered by the scum. 
Therefore, the only way was to send them back to their homeland so he wouldn’t find them. 
Matteo looked at his mother and asked, “Go back to great-aunt’s place? Do you mean back to our homeland? Is Mommy coming with us too?” 
“Yes, I am. But a little later than you. I will arrange for someone to send you and your sister back first, okay?”
“Okay. Mommy, you must come soon.” 
Matteo soft-pedaled his mother’s decision in sending him and his sister back. 
Sasha immediately booked the flights for her two children and contacted another trustworthy friend to take them in. 
Half an hour later, at a local pier. 
Sasha huffed and puffed as she sped all the way. Finally, she caught sight of Willow being tied up and dangled on the outer deck. Her friend was crying in fear as she struggled to free herself from the ropes. 
That monster! 
Sasha was absolutely livid. She got out of the car, dashed onto the deck, and stopped in front of the ship. 
“Sebastian! You b*stard! Let go of her now. Why did you tie her up? I’m the one you’re looking for. Let go of her immediately!” 
Sasha was seething, and she would have stabbed the monster if she had a knife in her hand. 
The scum finally appeared from the ship after hearing her shouts. 
It was a chilly day, and the bitterly cold winds cut like a knife. The piteous cries of a woman bounded by ropes filled the air. But the crazy man stood nonchalantly with a glass of red wine in his hand. 
He was wearing a dark suit, and his white shirt was neatly pressed. His outfit made him seemed even more dashing and domineering. After stepping onto the deck, he sat lazily on a chair that was set out by his men as he turned his gaze on her. 
“You’ve finally showed up?”
Sasha took a deep breath and suppressed the anger deep within her. 
“Let her go. You want me to go back with you? Fine, I’ll do as you say.” 
“That’s it? I’m not finished playing with you yet.” 
Sasha shut her eyes tightly. With her fists clenched, she told herself not to argue with a lunatic like him. 
A few minutes later, Willow was finally released, and Sasha boarded the ship. 
“I’m sorry, Nancy…” 
Still in shock and her wrists rubbed raw from the tight ropes, Willow sobbed guiltily in front of her. 
Sasha quickly hugged the woman and patted her on the back. “It’s alright. You don’t have to apologize. I should be the one apologizing.” 
Willow was speechless. 
After a while, the trembling woman glanced at the figure who was standing behind Sasha and whispered hoarsely, “Who are these people? What have you gotten yourself into, Nancy? Where are they taking you?” 
Willow was worried. After all, they had been good friends for many years. 
But how could Sasha tell her the truth? 
Her biggest hope right now was to stop Sebastian from implicating her other friends. 
After Willow was taken away, Sasha stood on the deck and stared coldly at him. She appeared peaceful as she had calmed down a while ago.
But her eyes were cold, without a hint of warmth in them. Sebastian even saw her disdain. 
She hates me that much? 
He held the glass of red wine and narrowed his bloodshot eyes at her. 
“You don’t have to stare at me like that. I’ve said it before. As your penance, I’m going to bring you back with me. Be it dead or alive.” 
“Penance? Sometimes I find it strange. Why are you trying so hard to get me back there? Are you not afraid that I will ruin your love life again? Don’t forget, you were with her after a rough history together.” 
Sasha snorted at him. 
###Chapter 15
Chapter 15
Back then, he had brought Xandra back home and declared his love for her in front of Frederick. And now, he was dragging her back there. Was he not afraid that Sasha would mess up his relationship with that woman again? 
As soon as her voice died away, the scum got up from the chair. 
“How dare you? Don’t think too highly of yourself, Sasha. It makes no difference to me whether you are dead or alive. Even if you did not show up today, I would have taken your dead body back with me.” 
There was a gleam of hostility in his bloodshot eyes as he spoke his mind. 
Sasha clenched her fists tightly until her knuckles turned white. She squeezed her eyes shut and remained silent. 
What is there to look forward to after five years? 
Do I expect him to say something nice to me? 
Very quickly, Sasha was taken to a cabin on the lower deck of the ship. Not long afterward, the ship left the pier and set sail. 
It turned out that this boat was the means of transportation for them. 
She did not dwell on the matter since she knew there was no point for her to struggle anymore. After they locked her up in the cabin, Sasha lay on the small bed and fell asleep. 
“Ian, you shouldn’t. It’s dangerous…”
“Quiet! Get out of my way!” 
She woke up to the sound of her stomach growling and the argument outside the cabin. 
Vaguely, she also heard a child’s voice. 
A child’s voice? Is it Ian? 
Sasha’s eyes flew open immediately, and within that second, she was awake like never before. 
After all, Sebastian was on this ship, and they were setting off to where they came from. It wouldn’t be a surprise that Ian would also be on the ship. 
Her heart leaped with ecstasy at the thought of that. She hopped out of bed and dashed to the window. 
She looked through the window, and sure enough, she saw two figures standing outside her cabin. 
One was a burly figure in a black suit who appeared to be a bodyguard. The other figure standing next to him was short and cute. He was wearing a khaki blue coat with a black woolen hat on his head. 
It was none other than Ian. 
Tears welled up in Sasha’s eyes as she looked at the boy. 
“Little Ian? Little Ian?” 
“Who is it?” 
Ian, who was concentrating on controlling the drone by the ship rail, turned his head when he heard someone calling his name. 
A look of annoyance came across his face for being interrupted.
Sasha waved wildly at him from the small cabin. “Here, Little Ian. Mom… It’s me, Ms. Nancy. Look here.” 
She almost let it slip that she was his mother. 
Ian caught sight of her, but he did not look as surprised as she hoped he would be. On the contrary, he was expressionless. There was a flash of impatience in his beautiful eyes, just like his father’s. 
“Who are you?” 
“Erm… Mr. Ian, it’s time, we should get back. Otherwise, you’ll be punished by Mr. Hayes.” 
In that instant, the bodyguard stepped in front of the child. 
Sasha became anxious at once and said, “Little Ian, it’s me. We’ve met before at the hotel. Do you remember me?” 
She gestured to the child at the window, hoping that he would remember her. 
Fortunately, the child remembered after being prodded with the memory. 
“It’s you!” 
“Yes. Little Ian, can you come over here so that I can have a look at you? I just want to see you.” Sasha was ecstatic. 
“Mr. Ian, we should get going.” 
“Get out of my way!” 
Ian glanced at the bodyguard and strode toward the cabin.
Sasha was overjoyed. Finally, she had the opportunity to be up close and personal with this child. She did not have the chance to speak to him when they last met at the hotel. 
“Little Ian…” 
“Why are you locked in here? Are you not here to treat Daddy?” 
Ian remained expressionless as he came over. He looked exactly like Matteo, but there wasn’t the slightest smile on his face as he looked at Sasha with indifference. 
She felt a sharp pain in her heart. 
She blamed herself for how he turned out. If she had not left him with Sebastian, he would not end up being like this. He would be a cheerful boy, just like his younger brother. 
Sasha stretched out her trembling hand from the window, wanting to touch him. 
“Yes. I’m… I’m here to treat your daddy.” 
“Then why are you locked up? Is he going to do something to you?” 
This child was just like Matteo, both were not easily fooled. When he saw the lock on the door, he knew things were not as what Sasha had told him. 
Her nose tingled, and she felt a lump in her throat. 
“It’s alright, Little Ian. Don’t worry about Mom… me. Your daddy won’t do anything to me. It’s late and the wind is strong. It’s dangerous for you to be out here. You should go back in.” 
###Chapter 16
Chapter 16
Sasha wasn’t too keen to tell her son about that, so she changed the topic in order for him to go back immediately. 
He was playing with his drone in the windy weather. Even though it wasn’t dangerous, she was worried he might catch a cold. 
However, Ian refused to listen to her. After seeing that Sasha wasn’t answering his question, he turned around and walked away. 
“None of your business! You, go and grab some more batteries for me.” 
“Ian…” The bodyguard was perplexed for a moment. 
Sasha became anxious. Just when she was about to advise him again, a figure appeared at the deck and stormed over to the boy. 
“Ian, you’ve been playing for a very long time. You should go back inside. Otherwise, your dad is going to scold you!” 
Sasha glanced over immediately and saw a beautiful young woman in an expensive dress. 
Xandra? So she’s on this boat too? 
Sasha was stunned for a moment, but she quickly regained her senses upon thinking about the woman’s relationship with that scum.
Xandra walked over when she saw Ian still playing with his toy. Her hands started patting all over his body impatiently. “Ian, look at you. Your clothes are all wet and your hands are freezing. Didn’t I tell you earlier not to come out and play? What if you get sick again? Don’t you know how weak your body is? Quick, pack up your things and go in!” 
Even so, her words fell on deaf ears. Ian ignored her and continued to play with his drone instead. 
“Ian! Why are you so disobedient? Do you want to be hit again? Put it down right now!” 
No one saw it coming. When her scolding fell on deaf ears, Xandra pinched hard on the boy’s arm and snatched the controller from his hands. 
Sasha’s eyes were filled with raging blood! 
Ian was a very stubborn child. 
Unlike Matteo, he was physically weak from birth. The lack of motherly love resulted in his antisocial and obstinate personality. Most of the time, talking and weighing the consequences with him would work better than to force him against his will. 
Sasha stood at the window and watched as Xandra snatched the controller from Ian. Paled-face from the cold, he held on his toy with dear life. 
Right at that moment, Xandra simply twisted his little hands and Sasha saw, from a distance, that her son’s fingers were all bruised by the impact! 
What a worthless b*tch! 
Sasha yelled in anger, “Xandra, what are you doing? You nasty woman, get your hands off him immediately! Stay away from him!” 
Xandra, who was still wrestling with the child, suddenly turned pale.
D*mn it! She was overly eager to teach the child a lesson, and she had forgotten that Sasha was watching them from the cabin. 
What should I do? Since the latter saw everything, what would happen if she went and told Sebastian? Ian meant the world to him. If he was adamant that it was her fault, Sebastian would not let go of things easily. 
Xandra loosened her grip instantly. A panic-stricken expression flashed across her face like never before. 
“This is how you’ve been treating Ian for the past five years? Why are you so heartless, Xandra? Even if he’s not your own child, he’s still Sebastian’s son. Since you’re married to him, can’t you treat him better? He is only five years old!” 
“Ms. Wand, what are you talking about? Did I do something wrong? I just came over here to tell him to hurry back because I’m worried he might catch a cold.” 
Unexpectedly, that conniving woman became calm and collected in just a few seconds while she stared at Sasha without a flinch. 
“Do you think I’m blind? I saw everything clearly just now. Not only did you pry his fingers, you pinched him too. That bodyguard witnessed what you did, too. Are you still trying to weasel your way out?” 
What horrified her was Xandra approached the bodyguard with a provocative smile after she heard Sasha’s words. 
“Did you see anything?” 
Beads of cold sweat covered the bodyguard’s forehead; his face filled with a great deal of tension and fear.
“No… No, I saw nothing,” he stammered 
“Ah, you heard that, too. He said no. Ms. Wand, you are accusing me of something I haven’t done. Perhaps, you’re trying to reclaim your position as the lady of the Hayes’ by slandering me? You can stop dreaming because I’m Sebastian’s woman now!” 
Sasha wished she could break the door down and slap the woman until her face was unrecognizable. Not only was Xandra distorting the truth, she also had the Hayes’ subordinates under her control. Even if Sasha testified against her, no one would believe her words. 
###Chapter 17
Chapter 17
Sasha ignored Xandra and shifted her gaze to her son. 
“Little Ian, come to me. Quickly, let me look at your hands.” 
“Ah, are you still trying to find evidence from the child? Let me tell you, this kid is usually very naughty. It’s normal for him to bump and knock into things. If you’re thinking of using that to accuse me, you’re wasting your time,” Xandra said sarcastically. 
Sasha shouted angrily, “Shut up, Xandra! You know very well what you did. I will never let you hurt him again now that I’m back. So it’s best that you take my words seriously!” 
There was something utterly terrifying and murderous in her eyes that made Xandra shudder in fear. 
Feeling intimidated and furious, the latter ordered the bodyguards, “Seal the cabin and the window; don’t leave a single crack. Keep her in there! If she goes missing, there’ll be hell to pay when Mr. Hayes finds out!” 
Regardless of the commotion, Sasha tried to reach for her son. “Ian, quickly come over and let me have a look. Little Ian…” 
He remained on the spot. 
At that moment, Ian was a quite baffled and wasn’t sure why Sasha was so agitated. 
Did Ms. Xandra do something wrong? She has always been like that. So what is the problem?
This boy who often isolated himself in the house because he didn’t like to talk or socialize with others. He actually thought Xandra’s behavior was normal. 
“Little Ian, please come. Let me have a look…” 
Sasha was on her knees, begging in tears. She desperately pushed away the bodyguards who were blocking her view at the window, hoping to see how her son was doing. 
She had carried him in her belly for ten months after all. He never knew a mother’s love because she had abandoned him at birth. How could she still leave him to be abused by such a vicious woman? 
While bawling her eyes out, Sasha uttered hoarsely, “Little Ian, come over… I… I am begging you. Come quickly and let me look at your hand.” 
He wasn’t sure what was going on. Ian, who was only five years old, really wanted to walk over to the window when he saw Sasha sobbing uncontrollably. 
The intensity of her care and love was something he had never felt before. 
He finally lifted his foot. 
Right at that very moment, Xandra was on the move. She bent down and swept him off the ground. 
“Seal up the cabin tightly. If I see her again, don’t even think about staying working for the Hayes anymore!” she commanded fiercely before turning around and left with Ian in her arms. 
Sasha almost passed out from rage in the cabin. 
Sebastian, how could you be so blind to marry such a vicious woman? Is it possible that your son doesn’t matter much to you anymore? He is you! 
Right after the window was completely sealed, Sasha fell to the ground, still sobbing.
By the time Sebastian received the news, she had not eaten or drunk anything for the entire day. Furthermore, she was demanding to see him. 
“See me? Why? Is it because of that incident this afternoon where she thought Xandra had abused Ian?” he asked nonchalantly. 
Finally able to regain some energy, that man sat on the sofa with his legs crossed. 
Luke was dumbfounded. 
While carrying Ian along with her, Xandra had indeed taken the initiative to come and talk to Sebastian about it. She also admitted to being a little rough when she was asking Ian to stop playing on the deck. 
Luke decided to let the matter rest. 
However, to their surprise, someone else came in and reported to them two hours later, “Something bad happened, Mr. Hayes. That woman… She slit her wrist in the cabin.” 
“What did you say?” 
The expressionless man who was sitting in front of his computer with his head buried in work finally got distracted. 
Slit her wrist? How crazy of her to do such a thing!. What was she thinking? 
Sebastian stomped out furiously. 
A few minutes later, when he finally arrived at the locked cabin, he thought another massive warring argument would take place again. However, after he opened the door and saw the woman’s lifeless body lying in the wreckage, he was shocked beyond words.
“Sasha, why are you acting crazy again?” Sebastian muttered to himself. The moment he glanced at the pile of blood next to her hand, he rushed over to her side and knelt down while applying pressure to her wrist. 
###Chapter 18
Chapter 18
“What are the bunch of you doing? Bring me the first aid box. Now!” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
“Sebastian, you’re… finally here. Should… I be t-thankful that you… you still have a shred of humanity i- in you? Hearing… that I’m dying, you… came?” 
After having to suffer for almost ten grueling hours, Sasha turned her head slowly towards the man and glanced at him with her puffy eyes. She had cried so much that there were no tears left. 
Sebastian was infuriated. “Are you crazy? Just because I told my dad you’re alive doesn’t mean I’m afraid of you dying!” 
“Really?” She gave him a miserable smile. 
That sounded right. How could a person like him care whether she lived or died? 
He even said it himself that it wouldn’t make any difference to him if she was dead. 
Sasha closed her eyes slowly and replied, “If that’s the case, can you give me back my son?” 
“What did you say? Give him back to you?” 
“Yes, Sebastian. You… can hate me… despise me, or even… wish death upon me right now, but can’t you give Little Ian a chance to live seeing that he is your own flesh and blood? He’s innocent. Are you really that heartless?” 
She opened her bloodshot eyes and glared at him, like a trapped beast that had been driven mad.
Sebastian’s brows furrowed even more. “What nonsense are you talking about? What do you mean by giving him a chance to live? He’s my son, haven’t I been doing that?” 
“Then why did you let that b*tch care for him? Do you know what she did? She twisted Ian’s fingers even though he’s still so young, and she even pinched him. He is only five years old, Sebastian. I gave birth to him; he is very much valuable to me. If you really don’t want him anymore, I beg you to return him to me. I will raise him well out of your family’s sight. Is that alright? Sebastian!” 
Sasha’s entire body trembled. Despite being utterly exhausted, she peeled herself off the ground and explained the situation to him while gasping for breath. 
However, instead of believing her words, Sebastian pushed her away as his chiseled face filled with disgust and hatred. 
“Sasha, what do you want? Do you think can return to the Hayes if you chased Xandra away? Is your goal to be Mrs. Hayes again? Let me tell you, you can stop dreaming about it!” 
“Chase Xandra away?” 
“Isn’t that the truth? You’re deliberately accusing her of abusing Ian, and now you want me to return him to you by slitting your own wrist. Sasha, it’s a good trick up your sleeves. Unfortunately, I don’t buy it.” 
That man stared at her as if he couldn’t stand another sight of her. 
At that moment, Sasha realized Xandra played an extremely important role in his world. On the other hand, Sasha’s existence meant nothing to him! 
He sees my suicide as a trick! 
Sasha leaped up from the ground instantaneously. Before Sebastian could react, she held an and stabbed towards her own body!
###Chapter 19
Chapter 19
Sebastian was utterly stunned. 
“Suicide trick… Right? Alright then, I’ll entertain… you today then. Sebastian, I’ll exchange my life… with my son. Is that a deal? If I die, don’t you ever… let that b*tch touch my son again!” 
She managed to utter the words strenuously with blood seeping out of her mouth. Her eyes were blazing with anger. 
Sebastian clenched his fist tightly as his heart throbbed from an inexplicable ache. 
That was the first time he was afraid to look into her eyes. 
She has really gone mad! Is she aware of what she’s doing? 
He rushed over and grabbed the from her hand, only to discover that it was a piece of broken glass from the window she had smashed earlier. 
“Sasha, have you gone mad?” 
His head was about to explode. Immediately, he threw away the shard of glass and shouted at the bodyguards. Fortunately, they arrived at the scene in no time with a first aid box. 
Sebastian felt like he was going mad himself; he had never dealt with such a crazy woman like her before. 
When they were married, she was submissive and calm. He had truly never seen this side of her where she would sacrifice her life solely based on something he had said.
Suddenly, a realization hit him. 
Xandra had indeed made some calculated moves that day to avoid getting into more trouble. 
She figured that by shutting Sasha up right after the incident, there wouldn’t be any witnesses to Ian’s abuse. 
Hence, upon her return, she took the boy with her and admitted her fault to Sebastian immediately. 
As expected, Sebastian did not blame her. The moment he heard she had accidentally injured Ian, he excused her after just taking a glance at the quiet child’s hand. 
She had played the role of a virtuous wife and mother for five years now, and she was pretty good at it. 
Therefore, instead of being worried and fearful, she had a very pleasant afternoon. After finding out that the b*tch who was locked up in the cabin didn’t have a chance to meet Sebastian despite her hunger strike, Xandra was even more delighted. 
Sasha, do you seriously think you can compete with me? 
It wasn’t until evening that she received the news of Sasha’s suicidal attempt. Her face darkened upon hearing that. 
Suicide? Why would she do that? Was it an attempt to lure Sebastian to see her? That b*tch is malicious indeed! 
She was rather quick-witted as she felt a strong sense of uneasiness taking over her. Immediately, she rushed out of the cabin to find out what was going on. 
However, it was a tad too late. 
Just when she was stepping out, she saw two bodyguards standing at the entrance.
“Ms. Green, Mr. Hayes wants to see you.” 
Her limbs went numb, and she almost lost her balance while standing at the cabin’s entrance. 
Her worst nightmare was finally turning into reality. 
Xandra was escorted downstairs. She had been living the luxurious life as the lady of the Hayes family for five years. That was her first time being summoned by Sebastian in such an undignified manner. 
Waves of cold wind blew along the surface of the ocean. The harshness from the chilly wind felt like tiny blades, accompanied by hints of saltiness from the seawater. With the wind scraping along the cabin windows, screeching sounds sent shivers down to one’s spine. 
Upon arriving at the main cabin, Xandra caught a glimpse of the man who was sitting at the edge of the bed. 
At the same time, he was carefully observing the tiny hands of the child, who was fast asleep under the covers. The fingers seemed so tiny, even his fingernails were not fully developed yet. 
“Se… Sebastian…” Xandra uttered after seeing him. Chills ran through her body as she was panicking. She wasn’t able to move closer because she had lost sensation in her legs. 
Sebastian ignored her. After examining his son’s tiny hands, he covered him with the blanket and tucked him nicely underneath to keep him warm and cozy. 
Xandra stammered, “Sebastian, I…” 
“I’ll only ask you once. Did you hit him?” 
With his head lowered down, Sebastian finally uttered. Anyone could sense a murderous aura just by looking at his side profile. It was exactly the same as the tumbling storm that was happening on the
outside! 
Xandra couldn’t hold it in anymore. Her legs wobbled, then she dropped to her knees. 
“I’m sorry, Sebastian, I… I can be too hasty sometimes. I’m really… I really didn’t mean to…” 
“So, are you admitting it was your fault? Xandra, who gave you permission? Even I can’t imagine laying a finger on my son. Who are you to mistreat him? Where did you find such courage?” 
###Chapter 20
Chapter 20
He glared deep into her eyes as he asked the question. His eyes were blazing with anger that she feared for her life. 
Xandra threw herself on the ground instantly. 
“Sebastian… It’s my fault. I know I’m wrong. I… I never had a child before. I can be… impulsive when disciplining Ian. I… I really didn’t mean it.” 
Even until now, she was trying to weasel her way out of responsibility and justify her own actions. 
Sebastian squinted and frowned heavily. The bloody scene from a while ago suddenly flooded into his mind. 
Both women reacted differently with the same child. One would stab herself for him while the other tried to shift her responsibility and deny her actions in every possible way. 
His eyes were filled with even more rage at the thought of that. While staring at the woman who had been with him for five whole years, an enormous wave of disappointment and rage took over his entire being. He picked up a cup that was in front of him and smashed it at her. 
“So you’re allowed to abuse him just because you haven’t had a child before? Get the hell out of my sight! From now on, don’t let me see you appear in front of my child ever again. I forbid you to come anywhere near Frontier Bay!” 
Frontier Bay was the villa that they were living in. 
Xandra’s world crumbled in front of her own eyes.
He was cutting all ties with her and getting rid of her completely. 
Ignoring the shards of the shattered cup on the floor, she crawled through the entrance like a mad person. 
“No.. No! Sebastian, don’t do that! You can’t kick me out like this. I love you, Sebastian. Have you forgotten what you said to me when you first brought me back here?” 
Xandra’s agonizing screams and sorrowful cries filled the entire boat. 
Sasha had been asleep for the entire night as she was burnt out from all the commotion and the injuries she had sustained. 
It wasn’t until the next morning where the first rays of sunlight rose from the sea and shone gently through the windows of her cabin. Upon being caressed by the warm golden rays, she slowly opened her eyes. 
“Are you awake?” 
She was stunned to find out someone next to her. 
Sasha struggled while turning her head towards the voice. 
“Mr. Scott?” 
“Yes, it’s me. It’s been quite some time since we last met. I’m grateful that you still remember me.” 
Luke Scott was a bespectacled young gentleman. He was wearing a plaid shirt and a pair of black- framed glasses. 
Sasha smiled.
How could she not remember him? 
That year when she had just married Sebastian. Her husband left the country the very next day and never came back. Luke, his assistant, had to manage the company and Hayes Residence in his stead. 
She clearly remembered that every time he came over to the house, she would wait anxiously for him to bring her news regarding Sebastian. 
The corners of Sasha’s lips curled as she sat up. “You’re being too kind. I’ve been deeply grateful for your help in the past. By the way, why are you here?” 
“You were injured last night. Since I was doing nothing, I stopped by here to check on your drip. Are you feeling any better?” 
Being thoughtful, Luke poured a glass of warm water and handed it to her. 
She grabbed it and uttered embarrassingly, “I see. Sorry for the trouble. I’m feeling better now. How is Ian? Is he alright? Did Mr. Hayes question that woman last night? He…” 
Suddenly, she recalled what had happened. 
Luke reassured her instantly. “Madam, don’t worry. Ian is with Mr. Hayes now. As for Ms. Green… she’ll never be in contact with Ian anymore, so you don’t have to worry.” 
He told her everything that had happened while she was asleep. It was as if he knew she would ask him about it. 
Upon hearing that, Sasha heaved a sigh of relief. 
She had made the right move, even though it was risky. At least that cheating man wasn’t hopeless. He knew it was necessary to find out the truth from that conniving woman. There was no need for Sasha to
continue worrying any further. 
“Then I’ll go and check on Little Ian. Where is he?” 
Luke was stunned and a little perplexed. “Ah? You want to see Ian? Uh… You’re still recovering from your injuries, it’s better for you to heal completely first.” 
“It’s just a minor injury,” Sasha countered. 
It was indeed not a deep wound, but no one knew she was putting on an act last night when she slit her wrist. As a doctor, she knew exactly what to do. 
However, Luke wasn’t budging as he continued to stop her from getting out of the bed. 
“Madam, I’m really sorry. Mr. Hayes said you’re not allowed to meet Ian. Furthermore, he even said that Ian’s mommy had passed away five years ago. He couldn’t and wouldn’t let his son get hurt again!” 
Sasha, who was in a hurry to see her child, stopped dead in her tracks. 
###Chapter 21
Chapter 21
Her face turned pale. 
Seeing that she had stabbed herself with the knife without any hesitation to save the child, Sebastian’s words weren’t as hurtful as compared to what he would say in the past. 
He was right; she didn’t have the right to see Ian because she had abandoned him once. If she were to meet him as his mother and tell him the truth, wouldn’t that be doing him more harm? 
“Madam, it’s not true when you stated that Mr. Hayes did not want this child. All these years, he has been treating Ian very well and is very involved in his life. Do you know why he always accompanies Ian for treatments? It’s because Ian’s physically weak and has a rare blood type. Mr. Hayes worries that if he is gone for too long, something bad might happen to Ian. That’s why he’s always by his side.” 
It took quite a while before Sasha lifted her head and asked, “Rare… blood type?” 
Luke nodded. “Yes. Same as you, his blood type is RH negative. That year, after his premature birth, Mr. Hayes flew him to Dartford Hospital that very night to save him. Madam, there’s really no need for you to doubt if his capability as a father.” 
Luke told her everything earnestly. 
After hearing that, Sasha was speechless. Her expression darkened suddenly. She felt as if Luke’s words had shaken her to the core. 
“I understand. You can go now. Thank you for last night. And, you should… stop calling me “Madam” from now on. That’s not my position anymore, lest your president becomes upset if he hears it.”
Luke seemed as if he had something else to say, but he let out a sigh, turned around, and left the room. 
Sasha did not go to Ian again. She remained in her cabin to focus on her recovery. 
After witnessing her honesty, Sebastian had also stopped locking her up and gave her the freedom to roam around. 
One day, out of the blue, despite Sebastian and Sasha’s agreement for not letting Ian meet her, the boy suddenly appeared at her cabin just when the boat was about to arrive at their destination. 
“Why are you still cooped up?” 
That day, Ian was playing with his drone around the fenced area, so he wasn’t exactly looking for her. 
However, the moment Sasha saw him, she couldn’t hold herself back that instance. 
“Little Ian, what… what brought you here? Did you run out on your own? Isn’t your daddy watching over you?” 
“Why would he watch over me?” 
He turned around impatiently and walked away with his drone controller in his hands. 
Ian’s personality greatly differed from Matteo’s. Whenever the latter spoke to Sasha, he was always cheerful and polite. 
As for Ian, there was a cold and dark aura hanging over him. He was exactly like his father, even though he was only five years old. 
Sasha’s heart ached at the thought.
Immediately, she followed him from behind and stood next to him while uttering cautiously, “I’m sorry, Little Ian. It was a misunderstanding. Woah! You’re very good at flying the drone; it’s so high up in the sky.” 
She was trying to create a conversation with him. 
After Luke spoke to her that night, she couldn’t muster the courage to face the boy anymore. She was either afraid of saying the wrong things or feeling utterly guilty whenever she was with him. 
She didn’t even dare to look straight into his eyes. 
As a matter of fact, the child completely ignored her words. He walked towards the fenced area and started flying his drone with the controller while he pretended Sasha wasn’t there. 
Her heart shrank once more as she looked at the drone. 
“By the way, Little Ian, I’ve forgotten to tell you that if you add a little tinfoil on the tail of the drone, it can fly even higher and you’ll be able to control its direction better.” 
Finally, after hearing that, the aloof child looked in her direction. 
Sasha was thrilled. “It’s true. If you don’t believe me, I can show you.” 
She immediately set out to look for tinfoil. 
She had learned that method from Matteo. Even though the two brothers had never met, their hobbies were shockingly identical. Ian liked to play with drones, while her family bought a few similar ones for Matteo as well. 
Based on her occasional observations when Matteo flew his drones in the past, he would use the same method, too.
In a short while, Sasha retrieved a few empty cigarette boxes on the boat and ran back to the little boy. 
“Little Ian, look! Give me a minute while I removed the foil.” 
Panting and squatting in front of the child, she ripped it open and removed the wrapper that was inside the cigarette box. After that, she was ready to peel the foil. 
Initially, Ian didn’t take her words seriously. However, as a child, his curiosity spiked after seeing Sasha peeled off an entire sheet of tinfoil in front of him. 
“Little Ian, have you tried using tinfoil like this before?” 
No one answered. Even though Ian was standing next to her, he wasn’t willing to speak to her because of his eccentric temper. 
###Chapter 22
Chapter 22
Sasha stopped forcing the little boy. Instead, she started unwrapping the box of cigarettes and crouched in front of the little boy to peel the tinfoil out of the box. 
“Ian, look!” 
Although Ian went dead silent at that score, she could see a glistering pair of eyes on his dead-panned face. 
His eyes gleamed! Does that mean he’s attracted by what I’m doing? 
Sasha felt a sense of relief and rode the wave of success, handing over a box to her son. 
“Why don’t you come over and help me? I think we’re going to need a lot of these! It’s going to be so much more efficient if you can help me! What do you think?” 
“Mmm…” 
Ian nodded and took over the empty box from Sasha, crouching by her side while removing the tinfoil from the box. 
This is amazing! 
Sasha was on cloud nine. She secretly peeked at her son while he was focusing on removing the tinfoil from the empty boxes. 
From her point of view, Ian was a delicate Russian doll because of his chiseled features, including thick, feather-like eyelashes. To a certain extent, he resembled Matteo.
She noticed he was no longer the wrathful little boy after he started focusing on getting the job done. 
Ian, don’t worry! I’ll definitely atone for my sins and get you to forgive me! 
Ten minutes later, the mother and son duo finally finished patching the drone with the tinfoil patches they had removed from the cigarette boxes. 
“Ian! It’s done! Why don’t you give it a try and see if it’s able to travel beyond its height limit?” 
“O-Okay,” he replied with a different word. 
Seconds later, he started maneuvering the drone around again. To his surprise, the moment he started flying the drone, it leaped into the air, at least a dozen feet away from sea level. 
“See! I’m not lying, right? Patching tinfoil patches allow the drone to travel beyond its initial limit!” 
The excited Sasha wouldn’t stop applauding by her son’s side. 
Meanwhile, a barely noticeable smile could be seen on Ian’s face. He was equally satisfied, yet he wouldn’t express his emotions verbally. 
By the time Sebastian noticed his son was missing and reached the duo, he was taken aback by the scene in front of him. Standing right by the damned woman’s side, his aloof son had a faint smile. 
While they were right next to the fence, Sasha wouldn’t stop clapping her hands in exhilaration. It seemed as though she was immersing herself while having fun with Ian! 
Sasha! 
Rage was written all over Sebastian’s handsome face.
“What the heck are you guys doing here? Sasha, who the hell gave you the permission to meet him? How dare you lie to me? Have you been deceiving me all this while?” 
Those harsh words seemed to have morphed out of his wrath, enabling him to express his frustration verbally. 
Sasha’s face turned pale as her heart sank. She had the best time with her beloved son, yet the Sebastian’s presence ruined her wonderful day. 
“I-I… N-No…” 
“Will someone bring Ian back in at once! Also, I want her to be imprisoned again! No one is allowed to set her free without my consent!” 
The man, who had a pair of bloodshot eyes, wouldn’t allow her to explain herself. He had no intention to listen to her. Immediately after he delivered his instructions, a few men showed up and took the little boy away with them. 
Two of Sebastian’s bodyguards pinned Sasha to the ground, rendering her incapable of movement. 
She knew she couldn’t blame him because she had promised to stay away from Ian after the man said he would never allow others to hurt his son. 
Moreover, Sebastian was a possessive man. Since he had brought Ian up single-handedly, he would never allow others to assert dominance over his son. 
They dragged Sasha back to the cabin. Her mind was all over the place because of the drastic turn of events. 
“No! Listen to me, Sebastian! I have been thinking about it lately, and I think I can atone for my sins! I will never allow others to hurt him! Please have faith in me!”
Sasha tried to talk some senses into Sebastian to salvage her relationship with the little boy. Judging by the fact they had been spending some quality time together, she was confident he would forgive her if she could prove herself. 
However, Sebastian started sneering and directed a rhetorical question at her. “How are you going to atone for your sins, Sasha? You’re willing to play pretend as though you’re deceased because you value nothing above your precious freedom! Do you really think you deserve another chance?” 
He paused for a few seconds before going on with his orated speech. “I’m warning you for the last time! If you want your family members in Avenport to be safe and sound, you better behave yourself! Otherwise, don’t blame me for what’s in store for them!” 
Prior to his departure, he left those brutal warnings and remarks to Sasha without showing her any mercy. 
Upon hearing the warning, no matter how she felt deep down, Sasha had no choice but to keep her emotions to herself. 
The family he was referring to was her aunt in Avenport. 
She gritted her teeth in anger because she had sent her two precious babies there. 
###Chapter 23
Chapter 23
Sasha was imprisoned again, but the session merely lasted for a few hours because she was set free the moment the yacht nosed up to the bay. 
“Ms. Wand, we have arrived at our destination. However, we’ll send you to another accommodation instead of having you stay at Hayes Residence.” 
Luke delivered the news as he brought her out of the cabin. 
Great! Visiting the Hayes is the last thing on my to-do list! If they really send me there, I have no idea how Mr. Hayes Sr. will react when he sees me! Back in the day, Frederick played the role of a doting father-in-law and treated Sasha like his own. 
He might pass out from the shock of seeing her alive after all these years. 
Luke’s words caused Sasha to heave a huge breath of relief. 
“Great! Let’s get going then!” 
She couldn’t wait to see Matteo and Vivian. She wondered how they were doing over the past few days. 
Luke nodded and led the way. 
She was bemused to be given the opportunity to return after being away for five whole years. 
At a glance, nothing much had changed in Avenport. It was still the city she used to know, full of skyscrapers, and yet it felt so foreign to her. 
“What’s taking you so long? Get into the car already!” The bodyguard by her side urged impatiently.
Sasha snapped out of the nostalgic moment and marched towards the car that was parked nearby. 
“Where’s Ian? Has he disembarked yet?” 
The bodyguard replied petulantly, “Seriously? Do you have a death wish or something? How dare you poke your nose into his business?” 
Sasha decided to keep her mouth shut and look out the window instead. She put everything aside, including why she wasn’t brought to the Hayes or the whereabouts of that hateful man. 
Since she wouldn’t be joining the rest at Hayes Residence, she thought she might get to sneak out and see her beloved children. 
To her surprise, she was brought to an apartment in an unknown location that had three bedrooms, a dining hall, and a living room. 
It also had a state-of-the-art security system that prevented her from escaping. 
He’s such a scum! 
The bodyguard was about to leave when an anxious Sasha ran up to him. “Hey! Where’s my phone? Give it back!” 
“Who exactly are you trying to reach? Do you want them to come to your rescue? Ms. Wand, you should forget about it since this apartment has countless surveillance cameras everywhere. If anyone shows up here, they’re going to end up with a miserable death.” 
That shut her up immediately. 
Sebastian, you’re a complete douchebag!
Imprisoned against her will, Sasha tried to sneak by climbing down the window, but the moment she craned over and noticed she was on the thirtieth floor, she gulped and changed her mind. 
The only option left was to pick the lock. 
Over the past five years, she had gone through all sorts of situations because she had to survive with her children without strong backings or connections. 
Picking the lock became an essential skill that ensured they had a roof over their heads during those trying times. 
However, when she found the tools she needed and was going to pick the lock, she heard a click from the other side. A few seconds later, someone made his way into the apartment. 
Sasha was speechless when she saw the miniature figure in front of her. 
“Mommy, what are you doing? Are you going to pick the lock? Correct me if I’m wrong, but have some criminals imprisoned you again? Who have you offended this time?” 
She never thought her savior would be a child. 
When the little boy caught a glimpse of Sasha crouching on the ground holding the different tools for picking a lock, his chubby face puckered as his expression darkened. He clenched his fists in anger. 
On the other hand, she thought she was hallucinating his presence. 
What is Matteo doing here? Wait! How did he locate me in the first place? I just arrived thirty minutes ago! 
Seconds after she saw her son, Sasha lost herself in a train of thoughts. 
“M-Matt, what are you doing here? How did you find me?”
“You’re such a silly mom! By using a tracking device, of course! How was I supposed to do it otherwise? Wat you have been up to for the past few days? Why did you show up on the high seas? Have you been abducted by the meanie again?” 
Matteo was enraged. After he marched into the apartment, he stretched his arm and retrieved the tracking device he had secretly planted on his mother’s clothes. 
I’m his mom for heaven’s sake! Why is he always treating me like a baby? 
“I guess the meanie has yet to learn his lesson, huh? Why don’t I teach him a lesson?” Matteo couldn’t suppress his wrath anymore. He started leaving notes behind like he did the last time. 
Sasha finally returned to her usual self and stop her son when she figured out the things he was up to. 
“No, Matteo! You have misunderstood my response! He didn’t abduct or bully me. Actually, he’s a patient of mine. His condition requires me to keep an eye on him. That’s why I have been spending the past few days on the yacht with him.” 
“Really?” 
“Of course! You have to believe me! He can’t make his take the plane. Therefore, we have to go by sea. I can’t contact you because there’s no signal. I’m so sorry, Matt. It’s my fault for not informing you beforehand.” 
In order to persuade her son, Sasha tried her best to make up a convincing excuse to ease his wrath. 
If he continues wreaking havoc, Sebastian will figure out about him! Matt is a smart boy who has been doing all sorts of things behind my back, including planting the tracking device without my knowledge. It goes without saying if he continues getting to the bottom of the entire trip, he will eventually know the scum’s identity.
Sasha smiled anxiously at her son. 
Although Matteo was a smart boy, he was, at the end of the day, an innocent little boy. Since the things his mother said made perfect sense, he decided to stay put for the time being. 
“Why has he imprisoned you when he needs you to keep an eye on his condition?” 
“N-No… I-I’m not being imprisoned… He has brought me here and prepared this apartment as my temporary accommodation. I-I was just trying to enhance the structure of the lock because I think it’s not secured enough!” 
Matteo saw right through her lies immediately. Nevertheless, he couldn’t link the missing pieces together or figure out why she was lying. 
I guess I need to run a background check on the meanie! Sebastian, the President of Hayes Corporation, huh? I’ll keep that in mind and pay you a visit soon! 
###Chapter 24
Chapter 24
In the afternoon, Luke received news of Sasha’s escape while he was in the hospital. 
She has fled! Again 
His heart skipped a beat, but soon, the distressed man received a call from an anonymous number. 
“Hello?” 
“Hey, Mr. Scott. It’s me, Sasha. I’m so sorry, but I snuck out to see my aunt. Don’t worry. I’ll make my way back to the apartment once I’m done visiting them!” 
Sasha, the source of his distress, gave him a call and explained the reasons behind her sudden departure. 
Luke was uncertain if he should be glad. After he peeked at Sebastian who was still unconscious in the ward. “Alright. But can you please hurry before Mr. Hayes is aware of your disappearance?” 
“Don’t worry! I’ll definitely keep that in mind and return once I’m done!” 
Sasha felt as though a boulder had been lifted off her shoulders since Luke wasn’t particularly against the idea. She hung up after assuring him. 
Luke could feel his head throbbing. 
He should be glad Sasha could remember his contact number after five years. He doubted she even knew Sebastian’s number. 
Due to her escape, he knew he would have to deal with all sorts of issues soon.
When Luke was about to enter the ward, the doctor approached him, “Mr. Luke, Mr. Hayes’s CT scan shows no sign of brain hemorrhaging. However, we can’t ignore the symptoms. To be frank, hemorrhage is unavoidable because of his current condition.” 
“What should we do, doctor?” Luke was anxious. 
The doctor shook his head and said, “I’m sure after visiting countless doctors domestically, you would know his condition better than me, right?” 
The doctor continued, “I know you went abroad to seek another doctor’s opinion in Clear Hospital. Why have you returned so soon? Speaking of which, why was he unconscious and rushed to the hospital the moment you returned? Can’t that doctor do anything about it?” 
Luke heaved a long sigh at that. 
Who would’ve known that famous doctor from Clear Hospital was Sebastian’s “dead” wife from five years ago? 
“As Mr. Hayes’ specialist, are you overestimating the effects of TCM?” 
“No. I believe you should do some research into TCM. It is a skill that originated in our country thousands of years ago. Take acupuncture, for example. It controls a patient’s condition by administering the needles to the pressure points. This can be more beneficial to the patient compared to surgery that is usually a recommendation for Western medicine.” 
There was conviction, even a hint of admiration in the specialist’s voice as he explained the benefits of TCM, especially acupuncture, to Luke. 
When the assistant glanced at the unconscious Sebastian and fell into a deep thought. There’s no harm in asking Madam to take a look at Mr. Hayes, right?
In the afternoon, Sasha returned to her aunt’s home with her son. 
As expected, Jackson Blackwood started scolding her the moment she stepped into the house. Although he was an ill-tempered man, Sasha could barely defend herself because everything her uncle had said was right. 
She might have told them about her “death” five years ago, but she left the country with her two children without their knowledge and she hadn’t sent word of how she was doing over the years. 
“Sasha Wand! What brings you her today? Aren’t you going to stay away from us for the rest of your life since you don’t need us anymore?” 
“N-No, Uncle… T-This will always be my home… H-How could I possibly stay away from my loved ones forever?” 
“Ha! What a joke! A Wand is not one of us! You don’t belong here!” 
Meanwhile, Vivian, who was upstairs, heard the commotion and rushed out of the room. She held on to her brother and asked, “Why is Uncle Jackson scolding Mommy? Does he hate her?” 
Matteo noticed his sister had pouted her lips and was about to cry. He patted her back and assured her, “It’s fine, Vivian. he’s scolding Mommy because she has been naughty lately. It’s just like how she would scold us when we’re being naughty.” 
The little boy understood his frustration. 
Vivian fought back the urge to cry after the explanation. 
Finally, Sasha’s aunt Sharon couldn’t hold it back anymore. She rushed out of the room and said, “I believe that’s enough. Can Sasha undo history with all your scolding? Why don’t you cut the conversation short and stop wasting our time?”
Jackson stopped immediately. 
Sasha’s eyes were brimming with tears of guilt from Sharon’s words. 
“A-Aunt Sharon…” 
“You don’t have to explain yourself, but I want you to tell me what’s your next best course of action? Are you going to meet that old fella?” 
Her aunt was relatively calm as compared to her frustrated uncle. Nonetheless, her callous tone wasn’t a good sign. 
Literally, she dead-panned her question as though she couldn’t be bothered by her niece’s decision. 
Sasha avoided her aunt’s gaze. “I have no intention of seeing them. If the Hayes knows I’m still alive, they’ll force me to return to the family.” 
“I guess you’re not a fool, huh? However, if he insists on having you back, I don’t think there’s anything you can do about it.” 
“Aunt, you’re right. I’m still thinking of a way to deal with that. Speaking of which, I’m afraid I can’t allow Matteo and Vivian to stay with you anymore. If they drop by and the children are here, I…” 
“Feel free to do as you desire!” 
###Chapter 25
Chapter 25
To Sasha’s surprise, Sharon shrugged her off nonchalantly. 
The words formed a lump in the former’s throat as she stood rooted on the spot. 
Truth be told, Sasha had held her aunt in awe since she was young. Coming from different backgrounds meant they had little in common. After Sasha turned into an adult, the Wand family had brought upon their misfortune on Sharon. Out of a guilty conscience, she never dared to look her aunt in the eyes. 
In the end, Sasha took her children and left for their rental apartment. 
While they were alone in the courtyard, Jackson asked, “Sharon, are you still blaming Sasha for what happened in the past? She was just an innocent girl back then.” 
“Xenia will be back soon. Do you think we’ll get to spend our days peacefully if Sasha’s children stay with us?” Sharon asked callously and left her wheelchair-bound husband behind. 
Xenia was Sasha’s younger cousin. She used to hold a grudge against the latter. 
Shortly after their departure, Sasha brought her children to the apartment she had leased beforehand. It was situated in Old Town, but there was a preschool that was nearby. 
“Vivi, Matt, I have enrolled both of you in a nearby preschool. I’ll bring you there tomorrow, okay?” Sasha announced the plan she had for her children. 
“Mommy, are we going to attend preschool in this city? Does that mean we’re not going back anymore?”
Vivian stared at her mother, open-mouthed, and expressed her disbelief. 
The little girl got sentimental all of a sudden; she started recalling the times she spent with her friends in her previous preschool. She would miss her friends and her teachers a lot. 
Sasha caressed the little girl’s chubby cheek. “We’ll only stay here for a short period of time because I have to look after a patient of mine. Once I’m done, we’ll move back, okay? Can you please deal with it for the time being?” 
The little girl finally returned to her usual sprightly self when she heard her mother’s assurance. “Alright, Mommy! If that’s the case, I’ll prepare myself for school tomorrow!” 
Meanwhile, Matteo was occupied with the background check on Sebastian, the man behind Hayes Corporation. He decided to pay the meanie a visit in person. 
Matteo wanted to determine if Sebastian was worthy of his mother’s time since he had always bullied Sasha. 
Shortly after the little boy accessed the domestic website and got his hands on Sebastian’s photo, his jaw dropped. 
What the hell is going on? Who the heck is this scum that resembles me? Literally, he looks like an adult version of me! Is he my biological father? 
A wild idea flashed across Matteo’s mind. He stared at Sebastian’s photo, completely baffled. 
“Matt, what are you doing? Can you come over and do me a favor? I can need an extra pair of hands now!” 
Sasha was in the middle of unpacking the stuff she had brought along with them. She had to repeat herself a few times before her son finally responded to her and switched off his tablet.
Matteo walked towards Sasha in a daze. “Mommy, is Daddy dead?” 
“Yes. Why?” Sasha was completely drenched in sweat after spending her time unpacking their stuff. Therefore, she blurted out the things in mind when she heard her son’s question. 
That was the version of the white lies she had told her children. As she spent the past five years abroad, others would occasionally ask her the whereabouts of her children’s father since was a single parent. 
Now that the children were older, they were naturally curious about their father. In order to save herself the agony, she told everyone her husband was dead. 
That scum is as good as dead, isn’t he? 
She thought Matteo would forget about it as usual, but he continued to probe after a prolonged silence. “How did he die?” 
Sasha was taken aback by the question. She stuttered in return, “H-Huh? H-He died in… a-a car accident.” 
Matteo was completely speechless by his mother’s uncertainty. 
Mommy, you’re obviously lying to us! Is that meanie our father? 
Unable to suppress his frustration any longer, Matteo decided to pay Sebastian a visit to get to the bottom of their relationship and why he wouldn’t stop picking on his mother. 
Most importantly, he wanted to know if Sebastian had abandoned him and his sister. 
Sasha was oblivious of her son’s plans as she rushed to finish cleaning the place so she could return to the damned confinement space.
Suddenly, her brand new phone, that was on the coffee table, rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Madam? It’s me, Luke.” 
Seriously? Oh, God! Speak of the devil! Here comes the assistant of the scum! 
Sasha started explaining herself after she heard the man on the other end of the call. “I’m so sorry, Luke! It has been a long time since I last met my uncle and aunt! They insist on having me for dinner! I…” 
“It’s fine! I’m not calling to rush you. I have something else to discuss with you.” 
“Huh? What is it?” Ever since that scum got his hands on me, he has always forced me into submission. What could he want to discuss with me? 
###Chapter 26
Chapter 26
Luke cut straight to the point. “Are you willing to grab the opportunity that may earn you the right to see Ian every day?” 
“Are you serious?” Sasha couldn’t believe her ears. 
However, Luke was all business from the other end. “As long as you’re able to treat Mr. Hayes’ condition, I can ensure you that you will get to see Ian every day.” 
“What’s wrong with Sebastian?” 
Luke told Sasha the truth. “I guess it’s time to stop keeping you in the dark. He didn’t bring you back to Hayes Residence because his blood pressure skyrocketed and he passed out after that fight on the yacht. If you can cure his sleep disorder, I believe he would also agree to my suggestion. I think he’ll offer to let you see Ian unconditionally. What do you think, Madam?” 
In order to get Sasha to give her consent, Luke told her everything that happened after the fight. 
He’s currently in the hospital? No wonder I didn’t see Ian when we disembarked from the yacht. 
Sasha couldn’t help but gloat over Sebastian’s misfortune. “Actually, I do possess the capability to save him. To be honest, he should be glad to be alive.” 
Luke replied with an awkward laugh after a few seconds of dead silence. “Now you see why I came to you? Don’t worry. We can work on the details once he’s fully recovered. Although Mr. Hayes refused to let you anywhere near Ian, you’re his biological mother. As long as you drop by his place, you’ll get to
see Ian. Once you develop a close relationship with him, I don’t think Mr. Hayes can stop you from seeing him.” 
It was a sweet deal. 
All she needed was an opportunity to spend time with Ian to atone for her sins. If she couldn’t get anywhere near her son, she wouldn’t be able to execute the plan to beg for his forgiveness. 
After much considerations, Sasha gave her consent and named her conditions. 
“Deal! However, I don’t want anyone to restrict my freedom, and I want to stay with my aunt! Otherwise, I’m afraid she’ll storm to Hayes Residence and make a scene.” 
“Certainly. As long as you can get Mr. Hayes to fall asleep, we won’t restrict your freedom. You get to arrange your own schedule on one condition—we need to ensure you’re capable of treating Mr. Hayes’ insomnia.” 
“That’s but a piece of cake for me!” Sasha replied confidently. 
As long as she could plan her schedule, she could take good care of her children without disrupting their daily routine. She would drop them off at the preschool in the morning and pick them up in the evening. 
She had confidence in her capability. 
Luke said he would drop by and pick her up at the apartment in the evening for one last trial. If she could prove her words, their agreement would officially begin after the trial. 
Huh? Is he coming to pick me up soon? If that’s the case, I need to hurry and make my way back to the apartment! 
Immediately after Sasha hung up the call with Luke, she told her children, “Matt, Vivi, I need to head out to tend to an emergency. I’ll get Mrs. Grint to drop by and take care of both of you, okay?”
Lucy Grint used to be a maid of the Wand family, but after they filed for bankruptcy, she went to work for Sharon. Throughout the years, she had never turned down a single request from Sasha. 
Vivian, who was relatively simple-minded, wasn’t particularly against the idea. On the other hand, when Matteo heard it, he stopped looking at his tablet and looked in Sasha’s direction. “Mommy, where are you going? Are you coming back tonight?” 
“Of course! I’ll be away for about two hours! Don’t worry about me, okay?” 
Lucy agreed to Sasha’s request without hesitation. When she found out the children had yet to have their meal, she said she would buy some ingredients and make them something to eat. 
After Sasha had everything sorted out, she left and made her way back to the apartment. 
Meanwhile, Vivian looked at Matteo and asked, “Matt, what’s wrong with you? Why are you staring at Mommy?” 
The little girl went after her brother right after he sprinted over to the balcony. Out of curiosity, Vivian crouched by Matteo’s side, looking in the direction of her brother’s gaze. 
“I think our foolish mother is on her way to the meanie’s place again!” 
“Huh?” 
“W-Who’s the meanie you’re talking about? Is Mommy is in danger? Should we rush over to rescue her?” Vivian was horrified by his brother’s words. She almost burst into tears. 
“That won’t be necessary for the time being. I’ll pay him a visit tomorrow.” 
“Huh? Are you going after the meanie on your own? No! I’ll tag along with you! I will never allow others to bully Mommy!”
“I want you to stay put and cover for me in the preschool. Once I’m done, I’ll tell you what to do next!” 
“Okay!” 
The siblings arrived at an agreement after a simple discussion. 
Shortly after Sasha returned to the apartment, Luke showed up in a car told her to meet him downstairs. 
After she got into the car with her medical kit, she asked, “Are we heading to the hospital?” 
“No, we’ll be going to Frontier Bay because Mr. Hayes has been discharged.” 
The news took Sasha by surprise; she wasn’t ready for what was coming. 
###Chapter 27
Chapter 27
Sasha’s heart was pounding. The first time she saw Sebastian was five years ago, on their wedding day. The next day, he left her. She never saw him again, much less set foot in his house at Frontier Bay. 
Sasha could vividly recall her times at Hayes Residence. She knew Sebastian had other properties, but she was afraid of poking her nose into his business. 
She never tried to inquire about him or mention his name for fear that he knew she had feigned her own death. The trip down memory made her realize her life back then was a disgrace. 
She found it ironic to set foot into Frontier Bay of all places five years later. 
On their way there, Sasha admired the late-Autumn view in the city. She caught a glimpse of passersby wandering on the street. The faint illumination from the lamp posts made the bustling city seemed so lonely. 
“Madam, Mr. Hayes has just been discharged from the hospital. When you see him, can you please be merciful and tolerate his irrational behavior if he isn’t being his best self? I’m afraid if he gets worked up again, he’ll…” 
Sasha looked at Luke through the rearview mirror and stated nonchalantly, “You don’t have to worry. As a doctor, I’m aware of the do’s and don’ts better than you. No matter what, I’ll turn a blind eye.” 
Luke heaved a long sigh of relief. 
Actually, he couldn’t wait to figure out how she became a renowned doctor after five years. 
However, he kept his queries to himself when they drove into the garden of the majestic villa.
He accelerated the car and reached Royal Court One, which was situated in Frontier Bay, ten minutes later. 
Sasha thought they had pulled by in front of a palace. The breathtaking rows of sculptures lined up at the entrance of the villa as though soldiers had gathered around and to guard the garden. 
Along the hallway were marble stone archways with drooping gold roses. Sasha was impressed by those remarkable pieces and couldn’t help but imagine the scene of exotic flowers and plants in the garden. 
Her jaw dropped open as she gaped at the ostentatious decorations. 
Has he been living in such a great environment all this while? Am I supposed to consider myself lucky to be given the chance to visit this majestic villa while I’m still alive? 
While she feasted her eyes, Luke took his leave. “Madam, Royal Court One belongs to Mr. Hayes. You just have to walk down these archways, and you’ll reach the entrance at the end.” 
Am I supposed to go in myself? Doesn’t he need to announce my arrival or something? 
Sasha snapped out of her confusion and turned to Luke. “Aren’t you going in with me? I have never been here before! And you haven’t announced my arrival. I don’t think I should make my way in unannounced…” 
“It’s fine, Madam. I have informed Mr. Hayes of your arrival. Please feel free to make your way in.” 
Luke, who was in the car, assured her with a bright grin. 
Little did she know, he had his feet on the accelerator and would depart the moment she walked into Sebastian’s villa. 
Oblivious to Luke’s ploy, Sasha strode into the villa boldly with her medical kit.
To be honest, I’d be lying if I’m not afraid at all. I don’t even know why I’m here anymore! 
A few minutes later, she finally arrived at the gate of Royal Court One. 
She felt a sense of relief and thought Luke had told him the truth. It wasn’t as intimidating as she expected. 
Initially, she thought the place would be heavily guarded, but nobody stopped her as she strode down the magnificent archways. 
She glimpsed a beam of flash and hurried her way to the source of light while clutching her kit. 
Where’s the rest of the family? 
Sasha was slightly taken aback by the desolated surroundings. She noticed she was the only person in the spacious and elegant courtyard. 
Are they upstairs? 
As she stepped into the foyer to go up the stairs, she saw a pair of pink indoor sandals that belonged to a woman on the shoe rack. 
The delicate-looking pair of sandals with daisies was amongst the countless pairs of men’s leather shoes. The ones that caught her eye the most were the miniature shoes belonging to a child. 
Judging by the shoes that were available, it seemed to belong to a family of three. 
Sasha couldn’t tear her eyes away from it. She had an awful sensation deep down, as though an important part of her was shredded into pieces.
This pair of shoes belong to the woman, huh? How ironic! I didn’t even get to visit this villa back when we were engaged! Now, she has become a member of the household and an important character amongst the family of three! Does that mean she’s Ian’s stepmother? 
Sasha stood right at the entrance with colors drained from her face. 
Whenever she recalled her pathetic life five years ago, hatred and grudges would engulf her. She could barely pull herself together. 
###Chapter 28
Chapter 28
“Who gave you the permission to barge in here?” While Sasha was overwhelmed by the tidal waves of emotions, she heard another woman’s voice reprimanding her from behind. 
Sasha finally returned to her senses. 
“I-I’m here to check on Mr. Hayes’ condition. May I know if he’s around?” 
She pulled herself together immediately and greeted the woman who had shown up out of nowhere. 
The latter was a housemaid in her mid-forties. She confronted Sasha, thinking she was an intruder. “What do you mean you’re here to check on Mr. Hayes’ condition? Why wasn’t I informed of you arrival?” 
“Are you sure? Mr. Hayes’ assistant, Luke, brought me here. Can you please verify this with Mr. Hayes? I think he knows I’m coming.” 
However, the housemaid behaved as though she was clueless about the things. Minutes later, a man heard the commotion and came out of his room. 
“Sasha? Who the hell brought you over?” 
Sebastian stood right at the top of the stairs. His hair was wet, and he was wearing a grey open-collared cashmere shirt with a pair of white track pants. 
He seemed different from his usual aloof and intimidating self. Nonetheless, the casualness didn’t seem to affect the air of natural-born nobility around him.
Sasha was baffled by Sebastian’s words. “It’s Mr. Scott! He’s the one who insists on having me here to check on your condition!” 
“Are you talking about Luke? Sasha, can you please carry out your due diligence before lying next time? Do you really think I’ll ask him to bring you here?” 
To Sasha’s surprise, Sebastian denied her of her words and deemed her to be lying again. His initially pale face turned gloomy with frustration. 
His response bemused her because Luke even went the extra mile to bring her over. However, it occurred to Sasha that the assistant had insisted she made her way into the villa herself! 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat when she linked the missing pieces of puzzles together. She finally figured out she had been deceived again. 
“What’s wrong? The cat caught your tongue? Did I hit the bullseye again?” 
Sebastian eyed her contemptuously when he noticed her furrowed brows. Seconds later, he marched down the stairs. 
Sasha panicked and retreated subconsciously. 
“W-Wait! Please calm down and listen to me! It’s Luke! He said you were rushed to the hospital after passing out on the yacht! Therefore, he brought me over to check on you! Since I’m here, why don’t you let me run a simple diagnosis and see if everything’s fine?” 
She resisted the urge to run away and brought up the offer to check on his condition, as per her agreement with Luke. 
Since things had gotten to the point of no return, she pushed her luck to try to secure the chance to see Ian every day. Luke was right—as long as she could prove herself worthy, Sebastian might give in to her
request. 
Seconds after she brought up the suggestion, the scumbag broke into a laughter. 
“Are you serious? I’m not a fool with a death wish, Sasha. I’m telling you for one last time! I’m aware of your malicious scheme, and I will never let you take Ian away from me! You want to kill me as soon as possible to exercise your right as his legal guardian, don’t you? Ha! In your dream!” 
What the heck is he talking about? It sounds like a great idea, but I would never resort to such a petty trick! 
Sasha chuckled out of extreme frustration. She decided to play along with him. “You’re wrong, Sebastian! Why would I want to take him away when I can leverage his identity as your successor as soon as you’re dead? Instead of taking him from you, I’ll have him inherit the Hayes’ empire and enjoy a carefree life once you’re dead! I will never bring him away unless I have lost my mind like you!” 
“Sasha! I dare you to repeat what you just said!” 
She managed to stir the hornet’s nest with her sarcastic remark. A murderous and gloomy expression loomed over Sebastian’s handsome face, as though he was ready to devour her if she didn’t choose her next words carefully. 
As intimidated as she was, Sasha refused to back off just yet. 
“Have I said anything wrong? I offered to check on your condition, yet you’re saying I’m trying to kill you! What’s wrong with playing along with you? I’m telling you this for one last time as well! If you’re not the father of my son, I won’t even waste my time on you because you’re not worth it! Since you’re Ian’s father, I can’t let him be an orphan at such a young age!”
The living room went dead silent, like the calm before a storm. A chill ran down the housemaid’s spine, and she wished she were anywhere else but here. 
Oh, God! Who the hell is this woman? How dare she pick on Mr. Hayes in the middle of the night? What makes her think she has the right to yell at him? Ms. Green would never confront Mr. Hayes like this! She’s the exact opposite of this woman! 
Just as she was looking for an excuse to leave the conflicting duo behind, a boy walked down the stairs and diffused the dreadful standoff. 
“What are you guys doing?” 
###Chapter 29
Chapter 29
Ian had shown up in the nick of time! 
No one expected the boy to show up right before the fight morphed into a full-blown brawl. 
Sasha’s rage dissipated as soon as she saw her beloved son. “Ian? What are you doing here? Did we disturb your sleep?” 
“What do you think?” Ian responded impatiently with a rhetorical question. He couldn’t stand others interrupting his sleep. 
Sasha was no longer in the mood to fight. She sprinted over to her son’s side and coaxed, “I’m so sorry for interrupting you in the middle of the night, Ian. I promise you I won’t fight with your father anymore, okay? Why didn’t you put on an extra jacket? You should return to your room because it’s getting late. Hurry up and get going already! Otherwise, you’re going to catch a cold soon!” 
She nagged like a doting mother, yet Ian had no intention to engage in a conversation with her. 
He stood right where he was and cast a stern gaze at his father. “Daddy, you always tell me to see a doctor when I’m sick. Why are you behaving the other way round when a doctor is here? What’s holding you back?” 
“Excuse me?” 
Ian’s words took Sebastian by surprise. His son was siding with Sasha and forcing him into submission. 
“If you don’t live up to your word, you have no right to scold me if I refuse to visit the doctor in the future!”
The little boy rolled his eyes at his father and left without another word. 
Sasha stared at her son with her mouth agape. All it took from him was a short sentence to shut his father up. 
Sebastian was livid. Even the board of directors of Hayes Corporation had to think twice about challenging his authority, but his son did it repeatedly as though it wasn’t a big deal. 
He clenched his fists, cracking his fingers so loudly that others could hear it. Sebastian glared at Sasha, implying his will to get his revenge from the embarrassment. 
“Since you won’t let me check on your condition, I’ll leave, okay? I’ll leave at once!” 
She had no intention to pick another fight with him so she turned around and left with her medical kit. 
Right before she could step out of the entrance, Sebastian said, “Sasha, I’m doing this because of my son! If you try anything silly, I’ll get your uncle and his family member to compensate for my loss with their lives!” 
Is something wrong with his mind? Why does he make it sound as though I have no choice but to check on him? Is it really necessary to threaten me with my loved ones all the time? 
Sasha brought herself to an abrupt halt and replied nonchalantly, “Sure! If I can cure your sleeping disorder, can you please be so kind as to stop threatening me whenever you feel like it? I don’t want my son to get caught up with some nasty karma because of you!” 
For once, Sebastian was at a loss for better words to defend himself. 
Truth be told, he didn’t expect the cowardly woman who had married him back then to have the gift of the gab! 
They came to an agreement to cease fire.
Sebastian got anxious when Sasha instructed him to lie on the couch. She was amused at his complete change in attitude as he did as told. 
Is he afraid of my needles? 
Sasha got herself a chair and sat behind him. She started teasing the man. “Mr. Hayes, you don’t have to worry. It’s merely a needle that’s tinier than a bee’s sting. I can’t even crack your head with it.” 
Sebastian glared at Sasha one last time before closing his eyes and calming himself for the acupuncture session. 
She took out a few needles and administered them with skilled precision on his head to stimulate the acupoints. 
When she came across his medical records in Clear Hospital, she already found a way to deal with his sleeping disorder. 
In Western medicine, a doctor would diagnose him with insomnia and prescribe him with Diazepam and a few sessions of therapy. A patient would have a harder time falling asleep because of the over-reliance on the medication from daily consumption, which was a typical side effect. 
After Sasha had a brief understanding of his symptoms, she thought of applying pressure to stop stimulating the acupoints that would get him overly excited. 
Using the TCM approach combined with doses of herbal medicine, Sebastian wouldn’t have to suffer from any adverse side effects. With this treatment plan, she could deal with the problem at its core and nurture his constitution back to his prime. 
“Mm—” 
Sasha heard the man’s muffled grunt the moment she started stimulating the first acupoint.
She looked at him and asked, “What’s wrong? Do you experience a tingling sensation in your ears and blurred vision?” 
Sebastian’s hands, which were supposed to be at ease, balled into fists out of the blue. 
Since he refused to reply, Sasha continued to administer the second needle. “Relax, okay? It’s completely fine for you to feel uncomfortable. Once I apply the second needle, you’re going to feel better.” 
Putting the grudge they held against one another aside, Sasha was, undeniably, a professional and qualified doctor. 
Sebastian merely felt a tingling sensation when the second needle pricked into his skin. Seconds after that, it alleviated the migraine that had been bothering him. He felt as though a heavy boulder had been lifted off his shoulders. The fatigue he had been suppressing took him by surprise, and he dozed off. 
###Chapter 30
Chapter 30
She actually knows what she’s doing! 
He had this particular thought in his mind seconds before falling into a deep slumber. 
It had been ages since he last slept so soundly. 
“He’s finally asleep.” 
Sasha let out a sigh of relief. For a second, she thought it wouldn’t work because his symptoms were so severe that she doubted if she could administer the second needle to its precise acupoint. 
Thankfully, everything went according to her plan. 
She wanted to take a break, but the moment she pulled the needles away, Sebastian’s head tilted and hung down limply. 
Seeing that the man was finally deep asleep, she instinctively reached out to cut his head to prevent him from hurting himself. 
Thankfully, she managed to stop him in time, but she could feel his cheek on her palm. 
However, the moment his cheek landed on her palm, Sasha felt a numbing yet warming sensation. Horrified, she jolted her hand away as though his head a hot potato. 
She couldn’t help but find it hilarious because she had warned herself to consider him a stranger in her life. Nevertheless, her reaction to such an unintentional act was beyond her comprehension.
Gone was the arrogant and egoistic man. In his deep slumber, Sasha noticed he seemed relaxed. The frown had vanished. He looked like the perfect gentle with flawless skin, ethereal features and a pair of deep-set eyes with thick eyelashes. 
For a moment, she couldn’t peel her eyes away. She was reminded of that young man sleeping under the magnolia tree a long time ago. 
“Has he fallen asleep?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha had the shock of her life when she heard the voice of the little boy behind her. Ian walked over nonchalantly and had his eyes glued to his father on the couch. 
“Yes, he’s asleep, Ian. Why are you here again? Aren’t you supposed to be sleeping?” 
Sasha pulled herself together and kept her medical kit. 
The little boy paid no heed to her and made his way to his father’s side. 
Actually, Ian was concerned about his father’s wellbeing, but he had always been a boy of few words because of the limited social interaction. Apart from his father, he had no one else to talk to. 
“Ian, you don’t have to worry about him. Since I’m here, he’ll recover in no time.” 
“Really?” 
“Of course! Don’t you know, I’m a renowned doctor? I have cured every single patient who has visited me! A mere sleeping disorder isn’t much of an issue at all!” 
In order to get the little boy to open up to her, Sasha shared the experiences she had gone through as a doctor at Clear Hospital.
After she shared her tales of wonders with Ian, the little boy stopped frowning and felt at ease. 
“Okay,” Ian replied with a poker face. He was about to return to his room upstairs again. 
The confused Sasha asked, “Ian, are you going upstairs again?” 
“Uh-huh. It’s time to sleep.” 
To Sasha’s surprise, she received a reply when she thought her son would pay no heed to her query again. Perhaps he was grateful she treated his father’s sleeping disorder that had been bothering him. 
His positive response motivated her. Immediately, she went after her son and asked, “Can I walk back to your room? I’m sure you don’t want to walk up the stairs on your own, do you?” 
“Thanks, but no thanks!” 
She regretted getting her hopes high a few seconds ago. 
Nevertheless, she wasn’t about to give up just yet. It was such a rare opportunity for her to meet her son in person. She was determined to make the most out of their session. 
“Oh! I have brought along a few snacks for you! Are you hungry? I’ll go get it for you immediately!” 
She took out the brownies with waiting for him to reply. 
She had personally baked the brownies when she was at her aunt’s place in the afternoon. Initially, she had prepared it for Matteo and Vivian because they loved desserts. 
Never would she expect she would have the chance to meet her eldest son in the evening, but when she received the unexpected call from Luke, she brought the last box of brownies with her.
After she retrieved the box of brownies, she handed it over to Ian. However, before he could respond, the housemaid, who had been around since Sasha’s arrival, got ahead of Ian and said, “What is this? How can you hand over such filthy food to Ian?” 
“I made these myself! Don’t worry! Nothing can go wrong with these brownies!” Sasha started explaining when she heard the housemaid’s doubts. 
The housemaid had no intention of listening to Sasha’s explanation at all. 
“So what if you made them yourself? Do you know who Ian is? Do you really think he’s allowed to consume food from a suspicious woman like you? Ian, let’s ignore her and return to your bedroom!” 
“Y-You…” 
Sasha was utterly frustrated by the insult. 
As the mother of the child, she wasn’t even allowed to hand over the food she had prepared for her son to him. 
Staring at the little boy’s departing figure, Sasha’s eyes brimmed with tears. All of a sudden, she felt suffocated, overwhelmed by tidal waves of emotions. Eventually, she started weeping right by the staircase. 
###Chapter 31
Chapter 31
The housemaid brought Ian away with her. 
He couldn’t be sure of the reason behind the odd feelings deep down, but he could feel an intimate gaze right behind him. Out of the blue, the familiar sensation he felt reminded him of their time on the yacht. 
Previously, when she was imprisoned in the cabin, she had begged him similarly to get him to go to her so she could look at his fingers. 
Suddenly, Ian turned around and looked at the weeping woman. “Bring it over to me!” 
Sasha returned to her sprightly self and rushed over with the box of brownies in her hand. 
“Ian… I’m not sure if you’re going to like it, but I assure you I made the brownies in a hygienic environment! I hope you’ll like it!” 
She crouched in front of her son. Despite her teary eyes, she couldn’t suppress her joy. 
Ian responded with a nod and headed upstairs with the box of brownies. 
Truth be told, he had never had a brownie in his life because he was a member of the Hayes. Everything he had was of top-notch and premium qualities. 
He took a peek at the pile of gooey-looking food and was surprised to smell a hint of honey. 
After she handed it over to her son, Sasha departed with a bright grin of satisfaction. 
The housemaid, who had gotten in her way and stopped her by all means, returned to her bedroom and called someone.
“Ms. Green, the woman you told me about had dropped by in the evening!” 
“Are you serious? Why was she there?” 
The housemaid nodded and repeated the things that had occurred. “She had dropped by with the excuse of checking on Mr. Hayes. Indeed, he fell asleep after the acupuncture session. She even handed Ian a box of homemade brownies. I couldn’t believe my eyes, but Ian actually it! Ms. Green, who on earth is this woman? Why didn’t Mr. Hayes and Ian chase her away?” 
The woman on the other end went dead silent. The housemaid could feel the wrath of Xandra through the phone because there was nothing apart from the heavy panting. 
Sasha, I guess I have underestimated you. I can’t believe you possess the capability to make your way back and get your ex-spouse and child to open up to you! 
What exactly are you up to? Do you want to be Mrs. Hayes again? I will never allow that to happen! 
In the pitch-black room on the other end of the phone, Xandra’s eyes looked murderous. 
“Ms. Green?” 
“Oh! It’s nothing! She’s a doctor Mr. Hayes has invited from abroad. Berta, you don’t have to be worried. Just take good care of Mr. Hayes and Ian.” 
Xandra assured Berta that everything would be fine, winning the housemaid’s loyalty with her sincerity. 
“I don’t get it! I wonder what’s wrong with Mr. Hayes? Ms. Green, you’re such a great woman! Why doesn’t he allow you to drop by Frontier Bay anymore? While you were here, you did a great job managing the entire villa, making sure there’s food whenever Ian is back. Life is perfect with you around! No man in his right mind would chase you away!” 
“Let’s not talk about it anymore, Berta. It was my fault anyway. Let’s stop blaming him.”
“What do you mean, it’s your fault? Ian is the naughty one! It’s not wrong to teach him a lesson when misbehaves! Don’t worry, Ms. Green! Once the opportunity arises, I’ll definitely try to persuade Mr. Hayes and get him to bring you back!” 
At the end of the conversation, Berta assured Xandra she would try her best to persuade Sebastian. 
After they hung up the call, a vicious and chilling smile appeared on Xandra’s face in the pitch-black room. 
… 
After Sasha returned to the rental apartment, Lucy had left. There was a serving of dinner on the table for her. The children had long tucked themselves into bed. 
Sweeties, I’m so sorry for everything. 
Sasha felt a sense of guilt as she changed into a pair of indoor sandals and crept into her children’s room. 
“Sweeties, are you guys asleep yet?” She opened the door and whispered. 
“Mommy? What time is it? What took you so long?” 
Matteo was still awake. 
Sasha cradled her son in her arms. “Matt, I’m so sorry. It’s my fault for not being here for you. I promise I’ll bring you and Vivi back to Moranta once I’m done dealing with the things on my plate, okay?” 
“Okay, Mommy! You don’t have to worry about us! I’ll take good care of her!”
Sasha felt even more awful because of her son’s matured demeanor. She held him firmly in her arms and repeated her promise, warning herself to stop neglecting them. 
After Sasha tucked her son in, she walked out of their room. 
The moment she closed the door, the little boy in the room jolted up from the bed with his eyes gleaming in the dark. 
“I’m sure the meanie has bullied Mommy again! Otherwise, she wouldn’t get so sentimental for no reason! Meanie, if you’re really my daddy, you shouldn’t pick on her like this!” 
Matteo clenched his fist in the dark. 
###Chapter 32
Chapter 32
Sasha got up early in the morning to make her children their favorite breakfast before they head to the new preschool. 
“Vivi, it’s time to get up. It’s your first day at the new preschool.” 
“Mm… N-No… I-I haven’t had enough sleep…” 
Girls had always enjoyed sleeping in. The little girl burrowed deeper into her blanket, refusing to get out of bed. 
She coiled her body like a baby sloth that spent most of its day sleeping on the tree. 
Sasha found her daughter hilarious, but she didn’t remove the blanket against her daughter’s will. 
Instead, she ran her fingers across the little girl’s neck, tickling her to get her out of bed. Seconds after she started tickling Vivian, the little girl’s giggling sound could be heard from beneath the blanket. 
Matteo, on the other hand, was wide awake. He retrieved his set of clothes and started changing. 
Half an hour later, the trio got everything they needed and left. 
“Mommy, when are you going to pick us up? Please be on time, okay?” 
Matteo finished his sentence with an aggrieved look. He felt indignant that his mother couldn’t wait to drop him and his sister off at the preschool. 
“I’ll definitely pick both of you up from the preschool on time! It’s a promise.”
After the cunning little boy heard his mother’s reply, he exchanged glances with his sister and smiled. They would have enough time to execute their plan since Sasha would only pick them up after school. 
Matteo, who was seated at the back of the car, decided to drop by Sebastian’s office for a visit. 
… 
Sasha had something to tend to on her schedule—she would soon figure out the outcome of her agreement with Luke. 
If Sebastian woke up feeling great, she would get to drop by the villa and continue with the treatment plan she had for his sleeping disorder. 
She needed to reach Frontier Bay as soon as possible after she dropped her children off at the preschool. 
However, she would have to first make a detour to a traditional drugstore. 
While she was there, she received a text from Luke. Madam, Mr. Hayes has woken up! Please hurry over at once! 
After the shop attendant packed the herbs Sasha needed, she rushed out of the store with all her might. 
On the other hand, Sebastian, who was at Frontier Bay, had a splendid night’s sleep after so many years. 
He couldn’t recall the last time he had slept like a log. It put him in an exceptionally good mood. 
“I want you to get everyone ready within half an hour! Make sure they show up in the conference room in time for the meeting!”
Standing upright in the room, he held his chest high while staring at himself in the mirror. He noticed it had been a long while since he looked so afresh in the morning. The navy blue shirt that was neatly ironed and the black suit pants he had put on perfectly complimented his slender figure, enhancing the majestic presence he had been blessed with. 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes!” Luke unlocked his phone and delivered the message via WhatsApp. 
A few minutes later, after Sebastian put on his watch, he was ready to leave. 
“M-Mr. Hayes… M-Ms. Wand is currently on her way here. Don’t you think it’s better for you to wait for her to check on you?” 
“Luke, it seems like you’re pretty free lately, huh?” 
Sebastian, who was marching down the stairs, cast a stern gaze at his assistant. 
The rhetorical question caused Luke to shudder. He decided to stop poking his nose into Sebastian’s business for his own sake. 
He had done everything he could. The rest was up to Sasha. She would have to grab the opportunity should she wish to patch things up with Ian. 
Luke was trailing behind Sebastian as they walked out of the villa. Just then, a slim figure catapulted in their direction and whizzed her way through the spacious garden. She almost bumped into Sebastian because her mind was elsewhere. 
Luke’s eyes widened in disbelief, and he knew he had to leave the duo alone before he got himself involved in another full-blown fight. 
He fled, leaving Sasha and Sebastian behind.
Meanwhile, Sasha, who almost bumped into Sebastian, retreated in shock as she greeted, “G-Good morning, Mr. Hayes! A-Are you heading to work?” 
While raising her hand to greet the indifferent man in a courteous manner, she had an odd grin on her face. 
###Chapter 33
Chapter 33
Sebastian’s face glowered as he drilled his icy glare through Sasha. 
“You again? You’ve got some guts, don’t you?” 
“Come on, Mr. Hayes. I’m just doing my job. You had a good night’s sleep yesterday because I gave you an injection. But just a few jabs aren’t enough to solve your problem. I even got you some medicine,” Sasha replied, jiggling a packet of medicine in her hands in front of the angry man. 
Sebastian’s expression turned grimmer looking at all the medicinal herbs and his frown intensified. 
“I don’t need any of those.” 
“What’s the matter? I’m the doctor and you’re the patient, so you’ll have to listen to me.” Sasha wasn’t letting him off the hook. 
Without waiting for a reply, she grabbed his hand and took his pulse before he could even . 
Sebastian almost pushed her away instinctively. The veins on his forehead bulged in agitation. However, when his piercing gaze fell on her face, he finally relented. Her coming almond eyes were darting around attentively under a curly fringe of lashes as she held on to his wrist. 
He knew she was trying her best as a doctor to give her patient an accurate diagnosis. 
Before long, Sasha nodded lightly and let go of his hand. 
“As expected, your condition is still quite bad. But don’t worry, you just need to take your medicine as instructed for the next week. You’ll see tremendous improvement after that.”
Sebastian retracted his hand as his gaze swept across the bag of medication. 
“Give them to the housemaid,” he said curtly. 
“Well… I’m not sure if the maid knows how to handle them. These are medicinal herbs that helps with your sleep, and you need to boil them,” Sasha told him reluctantly. 
“Sasha Wand, do you actually think I’m stupid? I know the plan you’re concocting in that brain of yours. Also, the housemaid has been with the family for over ten years. She knows what she’s doing.” 
Now that Sebastian called her out so unreservedly, Sasha’s face turned pale, and she was at a loss for words. 
She knew she could not hide anything from him. It did not matter what method she used—he was just too smart for all her tricks. 
“Fine. I’m doing this so I can see Ian. What’s wrong with wanting to see my own son? I’m his mother! It’s not against the law. Even if a couple divorces, each parent still has the right to visit the child. Besides, I’m really tending you as my patient. Why can’t you just let me see him?” 
Bitter tears burned in Sasha’s bright eyes and blurred her vision as she took a step closer to Sebastian in frustration. She had dejection written all over her delicate face. 
For a slight moment, he lost himself in her compelling gaze. 
Snippets of how she hurt herself to get him to save Ian flashed before his mind. 
Despite everything that she had done, Sebastian could not deny the fact that she loved Ian dearly. 
He evaded her sharp glare and stood still for a while before leaving without a word. Standing not far away, secluded from their view, Luke held up his approving thumb.
Well done, madam! 
When Sasha finally came around after Sebastian’s abrupt departure, she darted towards the kitchen and boiled the medicine before rushing upstairs. 
“Little Ian!” she cried out as she dashed to his room. 
“Shush! Ian is still sleeping! Didn’t Mr. Hayes asks you to decoct the herbal medicine? Just do what you’re told and don’t disturb Ian!” 
Before Sasha could go any further, Berta reprimanded her crudely when she heard her shouting. 
Regardless, Sasha ignored her and went ahead into the room. 
With Sebastian giving her the green light to see Ian, she had nothing to fear—what more a nobody like a housemaid? 
When Sasha saw Ian was still asleep, she tiptoed out of the room and went back down to prepare breakfast. Not long after, she went upstairs again and knocked on the bedroom door. 
“Little Ian, are you up already? Ms. Nancy’s here. Do you want some breakfast? I made pancakes. There is toast and jam too if you like.” 
She pressed her ear against the door to listen, but there was complete silence. Sasha knocked a few more times and called his name softly. 
To her disappointment, there was no reply. She could not hear a single thing coming from Ian’s room. Is he still asleep? 
Just as she was opening the door to go in, a small figure appeared beside her on the right and a brittle voice rang down the corridor.
“What do you think you’re doing? Why are you here?” 
Sasha jumped and quickly turned around. It turned out that Ian was already awake and was not in his room anymore. 
###Chapter 34
Chapter 34
Sasha’s hand froze on the door handle as she saw the boy. “Little Ian! You’re up! Why didn’t you go downstairs for breakfast? You’re not hungry? Why aren’t you wearing your jacket?” 
Ian looked at her speechlessly and turned to leave. 
Sasha was taken aback. 
She hastened her steps behind the boy, wondering what he was up to early in the morning. She followed behind him closely as he went towards a hanging garden. 
Wow! I can’t believe he has the entire playground in the garden to himself. I guess this is how rich people live. 
Sasha brought breakfast over to the garden and put it on the marble garden table as she watched Ian play on his own. 
“Little Ian, why don’t we have breakfast first? You can continue playing after you have eaten.” 
“No!” Ian shouted. 
Gosh, this boy is really giving me a hard time. It’s either he doesn’t talk, or he’s defiant when he does. I hope he’s like his younger brother. Matteo is way more obedient. He takes his meal like a good boy at least. 
Sasha went over and squatted down beside Ian, thinking how she should get him to eat. “Little Ian, I’m sure you want to meet Daddy after breakfast? I promise I’ll bring you to him after you eat.”
“Promise?” The boy turned his head immediately and asked. 
A smile broke on her face when she finally elicited a response from him. 
I knew it. Autistic kids might be cold and uncommunicative, but they are usually extremely attached to one person. From his reaction, I’m sure he’s very fond of Sebastion. I bet he can’t even live without his dad. 
Sasha pouted her lips in jealousy as she thought of Sebastian. 
Hmph, just you wait, Sebastian Hayes, I will replace you in Ian’s heart one day! 
As expected, Ian went over to the garden table and finished the food Sasha made. When Berta came over to clean up, she was surprised to see all the empty plates. 
“Ian, did you really finish everything?” she asked, looking around at the ground. 
“Yeah, he ate everything. What’s the matter?” Sasha answered on Ian’s behalf as she looked at the maid, confused. 
Did I make too much food? That’s just a normal portion for kids. Or is Ian a small eater? 
Indeed, Ian had a small appetite. 
He would not eat a lot unless Sebastian cooked. 
After clearing the table and washing the dishes in the kitchen, Berta pulled out her phone and called Xandra. “Ms. Green, you have no idea what I just saw. That woman got Ian to finish all the food she made!” 
“Really?” A high-pitched voice rang from the other side of the phone.
Snip! A stalk of flowers fell to the ground as Xandra clenched the scissors in her hand in full force when she heard the news from Berta. 
“I swear I saw it with my own eyes. I lied to Mr. Hayes saying there’s still some food left on the table from yesterday so he could go to work without having to worry about Ian. After he went out, I cooked something simple for Ian. As expected, he refused to eat it. I was thinking it would be a good chance to ask you to come over and make some food for him, but the woman came again and spoiled my plan.” 
From Berta’s tone, it was obvious that she hated Sasha to the bone and could not wait to get her out of the house. 
On the other end, Xandra continued cutting the flowers quietly as she thought about what she should do. She maneuvered the whetted scissors in her hands agilely, snipping off one flower after another mercilessly until the whole plant was bare. 
“Ms. Green?” Berta called out after a prolonged silence. 
“I got it. Don’t mind that woman. I’m fine as long as Ian is eating,” Xandra said, putting down her scissors before she softened her tone and asked how about the maid’s well-being. 
“Ms. Green, it’s very kind of you to care so much for Ian. If I were you, I wouldn’t be so nice to her. But it’s okay, we still have a lot of chances. I’m sure things will turn out well.” 
“Thanks. I’ll see you around.” Xandra hung up and threw her phone aside. 
What’s her name again? Nancy? Whoever you are, I will make sure you are out of this game as soon as possible. 
After Ian finished his breakfast, Sasha did as she promised and brought him to Sebastian. 
After all, she needed to bring the herbal decoction over too.
But she totally did not expect her younger son to go over to the company that day. 
“Be careful if you bump into the meanie again, Matt. Remember to teach him a lesson on my behalf. I don’t want him to keep bullying Mommy,” Vivian whispered in Matteo’s ears when he was leaving the preschool. 
Matteo patted his chest confidently and assured his sister before getting in the car. 
After twenty minutes, the car drove into the city center and pulled up by the company. 
A boy in a blue sweatshirt and a grey vest got out of the car and went towards the underground car park before taking the elevator. 
Matteo was smart to avoid the front door so he would not attract any attention. 
He had done his research and knew exactly which floor he should go to. Unfortunately, he was faced with a huge transparent glass door right after he got out of the elevator. 
What… This should be the President’s office. Why is there a glass door? 
Matteo checked out the surroundings but found no other way to get in, so he decided to try other floors instead. 
Just as he was turning towards the elevator, a robotic voice sounded from behind, “Face recognition completed. Welcome, Ian.” 
###Chapter 35
Chapter 35
Ian? 
That little bore 
Matteo’s eyes widened as the door sprung open after the face recognition machine blinked a green light. 
If I remember correctly, he’s that meanie’s son. Why do we have the same face? 
Does this mean that meanie is my dad too? 
Matteo’s blood boiled in anger as he walked past the door. It did not take him long before he realized this was not the place he was looking for. Judging from the decor, it was a tastefully furnished resting lounge. 
Hm… A TV, a couch, a bed… Wait… Is this a house? 
This is probably a resting area. Else there won’t be a glass door outside. 
Once he confirmed this was not the President’s office, Matteo headed back to the door and continued his search. 
“Face recognition completed. Welcome, Sebastian.” 
Just as he was heading out, the machine rang again. 
Sh*t, he’s here! What do I do now? 
Matteo ran back in and quickly scanned the spacious lounge for a place to hide. He spotted a huge wardrobe and hid in there.
It was true that he came looking for Sebastian, but all he wanted was to spy on that meanie and get more information about him in case he bullied Mommy again. Getting caught red-handed was the last thing the boy wanted. 
Matteo closed the wardrobe door and tried hard to pace his rapid breathing so Sebastian would not hear him. 
What he least expected was that after that meanie got into the room, he came straight to the wardrobe. 
“Seriously, I can’t believe the medicine tastes this bitter!” Sebastian had been complaining ever since he was forced to drink the whole bottle of medicinal drink when he was at his office. 
He slid the door opened, and to his bewilderment, a small figure stood like a statue before his array of clothes. 
The man and the boy stared at each other in blank astonishment the moment Sebastian opened the door. 
Dang it! 
Matteo’s face turned as pale as a ghost as he looked at Sebastian in the eyes. 
But instead of being angry with the child, Sebastian looked like he was thrown completely off the balance. 
“Ian, what are you doing here? I thought you were at the office?” 
Ian again? 
Is he here too?
Matteo soon realized what was happening and went along with the flow. He shot Sebastian a sweet smile. “I just got here, Daddy.” 
The man was utterly shocked. 
What’s wrong with him? Is he really smiling at me right now? Am I seeing things? 
How did he even get over here so quickly? I swear I didn’t see him earlier. Or did he get here when I was on the phone just now? 
Sebastian squinted his eyes and looked hard at the kid. 
Before he could do anything, his phone rang and a message notification showed on his screen. 
“Since you’re here already, you might as well just rest at the lounge. The woman, I mean, the doctor has already left, so Daddy will bring you home when I’m done with work.” 
“Huh?” 
Matteo rolled his eyes around trying to make sense of what he just heard. 
The doctor? 
Is he referring to Mommy? Why did Mommy come? And why did she bring that little bore here? 
The boy had many questions on his mind, but since Sebastian asked him to just stay at the lounge, he did as he was told. 
“Alright, I’ll stay here. You don’t have to worry,” Matteo said with a warm smile. 
Although this was already the second time his son smiled at him, it still caught Sebastian off guard.
Ian is behaving abnormally. I’m sure the woman must have cast a spell on him or something. I’d better make sure Ian stays away from her. 
A gloom settled over Sebastian’s face as he walked out of the lounge. 
Seeing him left, Matteo sneaked out of the place. 
Since Ian was also here, he figured it would be best if he got out as soon as possible. It would be disastrous if people realized there were two kids who looked the same. 
He took the elevator all the way to the ground floor, ready to head back to the preschool. 
When he got out of the building, he saw a cab by the entrance. Beside the car was a middle-aged lady in her forties or fifties, and she was holding a little girl on her right, and a boy of his own age on her left. 
Vivi? 
Mrs. Grint? 
What on earth are they doing here? Who is that boy beside them? That little bore? 
Matteo felt like he was going crazy. He dashed towards the two dimwits, wanting to tell them that the boy was actually a fake. But before he could do that, a voice called for him from behind. 
“Ian! What are you doing here? Didn’t Mr. Hayes asks you to stay in the lounge? Why did you come down alone? It’s dangerous! Come, I’ll bring you back up.” Luke beckoned him. 
It so happened that Sebastian’s assistant was there, and he came over to drag Matteo back in. 
Matteo had no other choice but to look at the clueless nanny shoving Ian into the car after his sister got in.
As for himself, he was pulled right back into the building against his will. 
Gosh, you’ve gotta be kidding me! 
###Chapter 36
Chapter 36
“Ian, why didn’t you answer my question? Why did you come down when I clearly told you to stay upstairs? You’ve been getting more disobedient lately!” 
When Sebastian found out Matteo had sneaked out of the lounge, he cut his meeting short and came right over to give his son a good scolding. 
Mateo felt wronged in all ways, but he could not say anything. He desperately wanted to say he was not the son Sebastian was looking for. However, there was nothing he could do. He totally did not expect Ian to go down. 
He sat on the couch and rested his face on his palms, exasperated. 
“Could you please give me some peace, Daddy? I’m so frustrated right now. I just want to have some freedom! I’m already five. You can’t keep me indoors my whole life!” 
“What did you say?” 
Sebastian sat up straight when he heard what Matteo said. 
To him, Ian was a quiet kid. He was never a child that talked much, neither would he tell others about his feelings. Ian had always been a withdrawn child. Even when he was angry, he would just lock himself in his room. 
Sebastian was befuddled when he heard Ian said he was frustrated from the lack of freedom, and that he wanted to go out and play?
A frown carved between the man’s brows as he got off the chair and walked over. He knew something was wrong. 
“Look at me, Ian. Did the doctor say anything to you?” 
“Huh?” 
Matteo looked up at him and blinked his eyes innocently at his father. 
Sebastian’s frown intensified. “I mean the doctor who came in the morning. Did she say anything to you? Why did you suddenly follow her to the company? What happened?” 
If Matteo had not known Sebastian was talking about his mother, he would well have thought the man was referring to an evil woman from his interrogative tone. There was enmity and hatred written all over his face as if the woman meant harm to his child. 
So, this is how you bully Mommy all the time? 
So much for being a man. You deserted a woman and two children, and now you’re talking about her as if she’s the bad person here. 
Matteo’s heartbeat quickened as he leaped off from the couch. He stood right up in front of Sebastian and glared at him. 
“What do you mean, Daddy? What did she do? She took care of you and brought me here. Did she do anything wrong? Who are you to question her like this?” 
Completely dumbfounded, Sebastian never his son could argue! He would always wallow in his own corner when he was angry, and he would not speak to anyone. Since when did he learn to talk back to his father? 
“I’m not questioning her behavior. I’m simply reminding you to not be over-trusting of other people!”
“Other people? You sound like she’s an outsider, but she’s actually the person who treats me the nicest!” Matteo shouted at the top of his voice. 
He was fuming with anger right now. He went past Sebastian and shot towards the door. 
What a meanie! I don’t need a Daddy like him! 
How dare he speak badly of Mommy in front of me? She’s the best person on earth. I’d rather not have this Daddy if it meant I’d lose Mommy! 
Matteo ran towards the door with incipient tears welling up in his eyes. 
Sebastian was frantic with worry. He was about to run after Matteo when he saw the boy bumped right into Luke, who happened to come in. 
“What’s wrong, Mr. Hayes? Why did you make Ian cry?” 
Luke quickly shut the door behind him, preventing Matteo from running out of the room. 
Sebastian got on his feet and went to Matteo before squatting down in front of him, holding his shoulders awkwardly. 
“Ian, I’m sorry. It’s my fault. I shouldn’t badmouth her like that. Will you forgive Daddy?” 
Matteo was definitely not expecting an apology. As he came to think of it, Sebastian was not entirely mean. After all, he had his own ways of bringing up his child. He was incredibly ive when it came to matters concerning what was right and wrong. The man would apologize if he was at fault, even if he was the father. 
Sebastian knew he should not be biased towards Sasha.
Although that woman had her faults, she was still a responsible doctor. She cared for him, and she genuinely loved the child. He should not have doubted her. 
Sebastian picked up the crying child and went back to the couch. 
Over on the other side, Ian was equally shocked to find himself in a bizarre situation. He was forced into a cab and brought to a preschool. Everything was so unexpected that he did not even know how to react. 
“We’re lucky we got back just in time, Matt. It’s almost time for Mommy to pick us up.” 
Vivian held Ian’s hand as she talked about how she got her brother back from Hayes Corporation to their preschool with Mrs. Grint’s help. 
She was feeling so proud of herself she did not even notice the expression on Ian’s face. He was someone who valued his personal space highly. He did not like people invading his space, neither did he like people touching him. 
But ever since he got on the cab, the little girl kept touching him with her chubby hands, and she even clung to him and talked to him in his ears. 
At first, he was petrified, but after some time, he grew numb to all her advances. 
###Chapter 37
Chapter 37
“Why is Mommy coming?” Ian probed. 
“Cause it’s a holiday, Matt! Have you forgotten? It’s Wednesday and the preschool is only open for half a day. Our teacher said they need to sanitize the place, so we must go home. That’s why I called Mrs. Grint and asked her to get you before time,” Vivian replied happily, still feeling proud of herself for saving her brother in time. 
Matteo had given her Mrs. Grint’s phone number beforehand, so Vivian called the nanny and asked for her help to go look for Matteo. 
She held Ian’s hand and skipped lightly into their classroom with him. 
Their teacher spotted them and waved at them. “Hey, Vivian, I see you’ve got your brother. Come on, you two, get your bags and be ready to go home. Your mom’s almost here. Let’s go.” 
“Yes!” Vivian’s crispy voice rang loud and clear beside Ian’s ears. He rolled his eyes as the girl went ahead and grabbed her bag. 
Despite being exasperated, Ian found his surroundings intriguing. He had never been to a preschool, and all this was totally new to him. 
Actually, it was not like he did not attend preschool at all. He attended the best preschool in Avenport. The environment there was impeccable; the facilities were top-notch, and the children came from affluent families. 
His teachers were never down to earth and the kids there were never friendly. To be precise, it was almost impossible to make any friends. 
Ian let Vivian had her way with him as she put Matteo’s bag on his back and they followed their teacher out to the entrance. 
“Mommy’s here!” 
Seeing Sasha from afar, Vivian squealed at the top of her voice as she ran towards her mother. 
Once again, Ian went speechless. 
His gaze trailed her steps, and he suddenly stopped at the door. 
Huh? Isn’t this the doctor who came to the house in the morning? I just parted ways with her in front of Daddy’s company. What’s she doing here? She’s their mother? 
Ian was confounded as he looked at the two of them hugging each other. 
“Matt, what are you waiting for? Come to me! We’re going home,” Sasha cried out to him and waved enthusiastically when she realized Ian was standing still. 
What’s wrong with Matt today. Why isn’t he smiling? Is he angry? Was I late? 
Sasha let go of Vivian and came over to check if Matteo was okay. 
“What’s wrong, Matt? Are you angry with me? Is it because I’m late? I’m so sorry Matt. I didn’t know y’all are ending early today. I got here right after I got the call. Please don’t be angry, okay?” 
Sasha held out her hand and reached for his head, wanting to pat his head. 
But Ian shied away instinctively, avoiding her touch.
Her hand froze in the air. For a moment, she thought the boy standing in front of her was not Matteo, but the boy she saw in the morning. 
“Matt?” 
“I can walk over on my own,” Ian told her coldly. 
He did not take another look at her but walked past her towards Vivian, leaving Sasha behind as she turned around stiffly. 
“Matt, are you really angry? But I have already apologized. What about I make it up to you? I’ll get you ice cream. It’s your favorite.” 
Beside Ian, Vivian clapped and jumped about in joy while he looked at her apathetically from the corner of his eyes. “Yay! Mommy, I want a strawberry flavor ice-cream. Oh! Can we also have a hotdog? I miss it so much!” 
After getting groceries, Sasha brought the two kids back to their rental apartment. By the time they reached home, Vivian and Ian had already finished their ice-cream and hotdogs. They even had a freshly baked egg tart. 
“Wasn’t that a good treat, Matt?” 
Vivian looked at her brother with a pleasant smile on her face. Looking at how the girl was caressing her belly and licking her lips, Ian could tell she was a complete foodie. 
He wondered if this was what the two siblings did every day. 
Ian looked at the remaining egg tart in his hand, not knowing if he should eat it.
He looked at the tasty snack and could not resist it anymore. He opened his mouth wide and munched away, savoring the delicacy with a satisfied nod. 
He had never tried anything that delicious in his life. His father did not allow him to have any of these because he said they were unhealthy. That was why all Ian had ever tasted was home-cooked food. He had eaten none of the food sold outside. 
Sasha looked at the two happy children and decided to let them have some fun on their own while she went into the kitchen to cook. 
The telephone rang in the living area when she was busy preparing food. 
“Matt, can you help me pick up the phone? See who’s on the call. I’m cooking!” she shouted from the kitchen. 
Ian looked at the telephone on the TV shelf and went over reluctantly. “Hello?” he said as he picked up the receiver. 
“Ian?” the voice from the other end called out. 
Ian was startled that the person had called him by his name. 
“Who are you?” he whispered cautiously. 
“I’m Matt! You’re at my house now, right? Mommy and Vivian are calling you ‘Matt’, aren’t they?” 
Ian could not help but notice the voice from the receiver sounded like his. It was playful and light, just like how those little foxes in the cartoons sounded like. 
Matt? 
So, this is the Matt they have been mistaking me for?
Ian finally understood everything, and gloom set on his face. 
###Chapter 38
Chapter 38
“What’s happening? Why am I here? And where are you right now?” Ian questioned impatiently. 
“I’m at your house, Ian. We look exactly the same, that’s why everyone blundered! If I’m correct, I think we’re twins,” Matteo said solemnly. 
“Twins?” Ian repeated after him. 
His two hands gripped the receiver as he tried to make sense of what he just heard. 
“Yes, we’re twins. I went to your dad’s office today to look for him because he bullied Mommy. But after I got there, everyone started calling me ‘Ian’. Even your dad got it wrong. That’s why I think we’re twins.” 
“Are you sure?” Ian asked again. 
“Yeah! Of course! Think about it. I’m sure Mommy and Vivi thought you were Matteo too, right? That means we really look the same! And only twins look the same, isn’t it?” Matteo insisted. 
Ian fell into silence. 
What he said is right. 
But Ian still had his doubts. He craned his neck and looked at Sasha cooking in the kitchen, and recalled having a blast with Vivian, eating all the food he had never tried before. 
His face turned sour before he finally spoke again. 
“If we’re really twins, why did she abandon me? Daddy even said she died.”
“What?” Matteo blurted out in surprise. 
What is he talking about? 
Is he talking about Mommy? Is he blaming Mommy right now? And he even said Mommy’s dead! 
“Hey! Daddy is a liar! Mommy’s not dead! Mommy also told us Daddy’s dead. But is he?” 
Once again, Ian was rendered speechless. 
He puffed his cheeks and sulked as he thought about those two annoying adults who had lied. 
Meanwhile, Matteo cleared his throat, getting ready to brief Ian about their plan of action. 
“Things are complicated between the adults, so we should take whatever they say with a pinch of salt. What we need to do right now is find out why they went their ways. We also have to find out why both of us ended up separated.” 
“That’s a clever idea, but how are we gonna do it?” Ian asked. 
“Hm… Lemme think… What about we meet up first? I think it’s just a matter of time before Daddy and Mommy realize something’s off. We need to go back to our respective homes before they find out.” 
Ian contemplated his suggestion in silence before giving him an answer. Mommy already knew about my existence, but I doubt Daddy knows about Matteo and Vivian, else he would have demanded that she let him meet them. 
Matteo’s right. We need to keep things the way they are and make sure none of them finds out. 
“Alright, let’s meet,” Ian finally agreed. 
“Matt, Vivi! Time to eat! I made pork ribs and fried chicken. They are your favorite!”
Sasha’s called out for the children when she was done cooking. 
Matteo heard her from the phone and a blissful smile curved on his bright little eyes. “Alright, off you go, Ian. I think Mommy’s calling you. You’ve never really spent time with her, so enjoy your time at home. She’s the best person in the entire world. I’m sure you’ll like her!” 
Ian smacked his lips and glared at the receiver before slamming it back on the switch hook. 
“Who called, Matt?” Sasha was putting the plates on the table when she realized Ian looked upset. 
“I don’t know. Just some random stranger,” he answered gloomily. 
“Okay…” 
Sasha was busy setting up the table and decided to just drop the topic. “Come over, Matt. Have some spaghetti. And here are your favorite pork ribs.” 
Beside her, Vivian clung to Sasha’s leg and looked at her with watery eyes. “What about me, Mommy? I want my favorite fried chicken too!” 
“Of course, sweetie! Come, get a seat. Let’s you a big piece of fried chicken.” 
It was such a heartwarming scene—the mother and two children gathered around the table for a meal. 
The apartment was plain and was not the very least luxurious. It did not have the opulence of Royal Court One at Frontier Bay, but it had the warmth of a family. It was just another usual day where the family got around for a simple meal—yet they found joy in the simple pleasures of life. This was not something Ian had ever experienced in the cold and empty house back at Frontier Bay. 
Ian lowered his head and looked at the mountain of food on his plate and dug in—his heart was full.
Meanwhile, Matteo was also having lunch with his family today. Sebastian cooked, and the two sat quietly at the table as they ate. 
Halfway through the meal, Berta came over and announced the arrival of a guest. 
“Mr. Hayes, Ms. Green’s here. She brought some honey lemonade for Ian.” 
###Chapter 39
Chapter 39
Ms. Green? 
Who is that? She made honey lemonade for that little bore? 
Matteo tilted his head curiously and looked at Berta, and then at his father, who seemed displeased about the unwelcomed guest. 
“I didn’t ask her to come. Send her back,” Sebastian rejected coldly. 
“But she made the honey lemonade herself, and she brought it all the way here, Mr. Hayes. You know how bad Ian’s cough gets in the winter. Only honey lemonade works for him, so why not just let Ms. Green in?” 
Berta was trying all she could to persuade Sebastian. 
The hard look on the latter’s face softened a little after hearing what she said. 
It was true that he had a short temper, but in matters related to Ian’s health, he would always be extra careful. He knew his son’s seasonal cough had long been a bugging problem, so he finally caved and allowed Berta to let Xandra in. 
“Hi, Sebastian. Hi, Ian. Y’all having lunch?” Xandra greeted them on her way in. 
She was wearing an off-white sweater on top of a beige plaid winter skirt. Without any heavy makeup on her face, she looked a little pale and tired.
“Are you okay, Ms. Green? You don’t look well!” Berta quickly came over and took the bag of honey lemonade from her hands. 
“I’m fine, Berta. I was down with a little cold two days ago,” Xandra assured her, shaking her head as her gaze wandered towards Sebastian. 
She was hoping he could look at her, but Sebastian remained unmoved and continued eating. He saw Matteo looking at Xandra and knocked his knuckles against the table. “Eat, Ian.” 
“Okay.” Matteo picked up his spoon and resumed his meal. 
Who is this woman? 
She doesn’t look like she’s poor though. But why is she dressed like this? It’s so cold in the winter! I bet she’s putting up a front to gain Daddy’s sympathy. She’s so dramatic! 
A subtle smile broke across his lips as Matteo continued eating. 
Xandra stood on one side with her face downcast when Sebastian ignored her. She drew closer to the dining table and pulled out a pair of wool gloves from her handbag. 
“Remember to take the honey lemonade, Ian? I also made you a pair of gloves for the winter. You wanted me to make you a pair, didn’t you? Try it on.” 
It was a big deal for someone of Xandra’s standing to make a pair of wool gloves for someone else. 
Berta came over and checked out the gloves. “These are exquisite, Ms. Green! I can’t believe you made them yourselves! This is much better than the ones sold in the stores. Check this out, Mr. Hayes, the handiwork is splendid!” 
The housemaid fondled the gloves and went towards Sebastian, who cocked his head aside and took a cursory glance at the gloves.
It went without a doubt that they were beautifully made. From the design and the details, Sebastian could tell that Xandra spent a lot of time making them. It looked fluffy and comfortable, and the size was just nice. 
His tense brows relaxed as he retracted his gaze and continued eating. 
Xandra came over and picked the gloves up before turning towards Matteo. “Ian, why don’t I put them on for you?” 
“Sure,” Matteo said with a wide smile as he reached out his hands towards Xandra. 
These are not mine anyway. I’ll just accept them on Ian’s behalf. 
But just when Xandra was done putting on the gloves for Matteo, a cry came from outside. Someone had barged in unannounced. 
“Sebastian Hayes! I heard Little Ian’s back? Is he okay?” 
Mommy? 
Matteo swiftly withdrew his hands when he heard Sasha’s voice, while Sebastian and Xandra were caught by surprise. 
Sebastian rolled his eyes when he realized it was Sasha. As for Xandra, her face contorted in hatred at the sound of that woman. 
Sasha Wand! Why must you come now? 
When Sasha found out from Luke that he almost lost Ian in the morning, she freaked out and hurried over to see if everything was okay.
But she went berserk when she saw Xandra in the house. 
“Why are you here? Sebastian Hayes! Did you let her in?” 
Sasha’s gleaming glare pierced through Xandra the moment she saw that evil woman. 
She could not believe that after all she had done to make Sebastian promise to keep that woman away from Ian, Xandra was still given permission to come near her son. 
What on earth is going on? Why is she here? Sasha eyed the pair of pink indoor slippers under Xandra’s feet, and her frown deepened. Is she having lunch with them right now? What’s that on Ian’s hands? Gloves? She’s even allowed to touch my son? 
The scene put a stake through her heart and Sasha felt like her heart was going to explode with anger. 
###Chapter 40
Chapter 40
“Sasha Wand, are you mad? Who asked you to come again? This is not your house! How can you come and go as you like?” 
Clenching his teeth, Sebastian finally unleashed his wrath upon Sasha while glaring at her with burning rage in his eyes. It was as if he had a strong urge to rip her apart. 
Daddy is scolding Mommy again! 
Matteo was displeased at the sight of Sasha being chided by Sebastian, and he was about to come to her rescue by voicing up for her. 
Out of everyone’s expectation, Xandra said abruptly, “Sebastian, cool down. Ms. Wand is your doctor now. There must be a reason for her to be here. Don’t treat her this way.” 
The next moment, she walked toward Sasha with a cheerful smile on her face. 
“Ms. Wand, is there something I can help you with? Why don’t you join us for lunch? You haven’t taken your meal, right? I’ll get the housemaid to bring you a plate and a set of cutlery. We can continue to chat while eating.” 
She stood in front of Sasha, giving off the vibe of a dignified and graceful lady from a prestigious family. From the way she instructed the housemaid, it was as if she was the mistress of the villa. 
Sasha clenched her fist as her expression darkened. 
“Never mind, I’ve taken my meal. I’m here because I heard from Luke that Little Ian almost got lost when I brought him to the Hayes today. That’s why I wanted to come and check if he’s fine.”
“Ah! So you’re here because of that. Don’t worry, Ian’s fine. He just doesn’t like to communicate with people and prefers to keep everything to himself. I guess he must have been looking for his daddy at that time but accidentally walked in the wrong direction. Everything is alright now, Ms. Wand,” Xandra comforted Sasha gently. 
Upon hearing this, Sasha could not hold back her rage any longer. Her dainty face turned pale in an instant. 
She could conceal her feelings toward that scum perfectly well in front of Xandra, yet she could not remain indifferent when the cunning woman sounded as if she genuinely cared about her son. No way, Ian is my son! He is my flesh and blood! 
If anyone were to snatch her role as her son’s mother, she would surely go mad! 
“Alright. Since he’s fine, I’ll make a move first,” Sasha replied coldly, then turned and prepared to leave at once. 
“Ms. Wand, you don’t have to be shy. Since you’re already here, just take a seat and join us. It doesn’t matter that you’ve taken your meal. You can still eat some salad since it’s not that filling. Don’t be intimidated by Sebastian’s hot temper.” 
Sasha did not expect that Xandra would insist that she stayed for lunch. However, before she could respond, Xandra grabbed hold of her hand and led her to the dining table. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
What is this b*tch trying to do? 
Once seated, she tried her best to suppress the growing discomfort and uneasiness within her. Keeping her head lowered, she tried to avoid having any eye contact with the man seated opposite her. She was
worried that a single glance at the scum would trigger her anger, causing her to smash the plate and storm out of the villa in front of her son. 
She really did not wish for things to end up like that. 
“Ms. Nancy, are you here to visit me?” 
“Ah? Y-Yeah!” Sasha stammered. 
She was stunned, looking at the little boy who suddenly appeared beside her. 
Mommy’s really dumb! That woman is bullying her, yet she still doesn’t know how to retaliate. 
Matteo sat down next to his mommy and waved at the housemaid opposite him. “I want to sit here. Bring me my plate.” 
“Huh? You want to sit there?” 
Everyone was dumbfounded upon hearing his words, including Sebastian who had a puzzled expression on his face. 
“Why are you sitting there? Go back to your seat at once!” The surprise in Sebastian became rage almost immediately as he yelled at Matteo. 
However, Matteo was unwilling to move back to his original seat. 
This is my mommy. If I don’t protect her when she’s being ganged up on, who else would? 
Mimicking Ian’s facial expression, Matteo glanced at the man seated opposite him with indifference and said resolutely, “I’m not going back there. Since Ms. Nancy is here to visit me today, I want to sit next to her.”
Next, he turned to look at his mommy and asked politely, “Ms. Nancy, I want to eat that. Can you get some for me?” 
“Sure, I will take some for you now!” 
Exhilarated, Sasha’s eyes started to well up. She immediately took a huge portion of the dish as requested by him and put it on his plate. 
“Ms. Nancy, thank you.” 
“You’re welcome. Dig in!” 
Instantaneously, pin-drop silence ensued in the dining room. 
Everyone at the table became motionless like statues! 
All the housemaids were dumbfounded. They had never seen Ian talking coquettishly to anyone before or request anyone to serve him food. After all, he was a clean freak, just like his daddy! 
He would never want anything that had been touched by someone else. 
This is absurd! I can’t believe it! 
Things were becoming more unbearable for Xandra. Her fingernails were digging into the flesh of her palms, and there was immense hatred in her eyes as she stared at both Sasha and her son. 
The cheerful smile had totally vanished from her face, replaced by a scowl. 
On the other hand, Sebastian was also burning with rage. D*mn! She managed to influence Ian in just one day! What is she really up to? Is she planning to snatch my son away from me? 
Well, she can dream on!
###Chapter 41
Chapter 41
“Ms. Nancy, what do you think of my gloves? Do they look nice?” 
“Yes, they are lovely!” 
Sasha was carefully peeling off prawn shells with her head lowered. When her son asked for her opinion, she instinctively glanced at his little hands. 
However, all it took was one glimpse to make her heart wrench in pain as she recalled the scene when she first stepped into the villa. 
“This pair of gloves is from Ms. Xandra. She told me that she knitted it herself.” Upon hearing his mommy’s compliment, Matteo let her have a closer look at his gloves. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
She knitted the gloves by herself? 
This pair of gloves doesn’t look hand-knitted at all. It is impossible for the stitches of hand-knitted gloves to be so perfect without any variances. Besides, instead of having the colorful crystals added to the gloves with separate stitches, a person who knows how to knit will use the same wool to combine all the crystals so that the stitches will appear nicer and more natural. 
How can this pair of gloves be hand-knitted? 
Sasha was pretty sure that Xandra did not knit the gloves herself, so she sneered, “Obviously, these gloves are not hand-knitted. The knot of hand-knitted gloves should not look like this.”
“Really?” The little boy raised his voice in confusion. 
The dining room was blanketed with total silence almost instantly. 
In a blink of an eye, Xandra’s expression changed. 
“What do you mean? How can you say that the gloves are not hand-knitted? Sasha Wand, do you know how to knit?” 
Sebastian raised the question at once. For some unknown reason, he did not wish to see Sasha’s words turn into reality. 
Nonetheless, Sasha glanced at him with disdain and jeered, “Of course I do! I knit for… myself all the time. See? I knitted this top myself!” 
Sasha purposely tugged at her knitted top in front of everyone. 
Immediately, the dining room became silent again. 
Is the show finally about to start? 
As Sasha slowly sat down again, she caught a glimpse of everyone in the dining room. The changes in their facial expressions were just like the four seasons. Seeing Xandra’s pale face, Sasha finally cheered up a little. She suddenly had the appetite to enjoy the food on the dining table. 
“I don’t want this pair of gloves anymore. Daddy, Ms. Xandra did not knit the gloves by herself. Take them back, you liar!” 
Matteo also played his part well. Upon hearing his mommy’s words, he immediately removed the gloves from his little hands and tossed them at the woman seated opposite them. 
Xandra’s face had turned as pale as a sheet by then.
“It’s not like that, Sebastian. L-Let me explain, these gloves… I personally bought the wool and the colorful crystals, then asked someone to knit the gloves. I j-just didn’t know how to knit, but the materials were all chosen by me!” 
“Yet, you had the audacity to tell me that you knitted it yourself. You’re a liar! I won’t trust you anymore!” Matteo yelled again. 
This time, he seemed even more infuriated. He flung the cutlery in his hands to the ground and was about to jump down from the chair. 
Sasha stopped him at once and tried to pacify him, “Little Ian, don’t be angry. Since she doesn’t know how to knit, how about I do it instead? Just tell me what you like. I will knit for you, alright?” 
“Really?” 
Matteo lifted his head and looked at his mommy with teary eyes. He was obviously really upset and disappointed. 
At the sight of his son’s pitiful expression, Sasha’s heart ached. 
She hugged her son tightly and murmured into his ear, “I promise to knit for you. Trust me. I will get it done for you within two days.” 
Sebastian was speechless as his anger rose to a higher level. 
He was about to lash out at Sasha again when Xandra lunged toward him abruptly. Thump! She knelt on the floor, wrapping her arms around his legs. 
“Sebastian, please listen to me. I didn’t do it on purpose. I really intended to knit the gloves myself in the beginning, but I’ve never learned this before. I tried doing it for a long time but to no avail. Look at my
hands… All these tiny holes were poked by the needle! I love you so much, and Ian is your son… Why would I ever lie to you? Sebastian, I had no choice…” 
She then showed the man her hands that were full of tiny holes as her eyes welled up with tears, arousing sympathy with her piteous look. 
Sasha started to feel uneasy, as if she had a premonition that something bad was going to happen. 
This woman was obviously good at playing mind games. She had probably come up with this backup plan earlier on and was prepared to use this tactic once her secret was exposed. 
To Sasha’s despair, the usually shrewd man did not realize that Xandra was putting up a show. 
As he stared intently at Xandra’s pair of hands, the burning rage in his eyes vanished almost immediately. 
“Why did you have to do this to yourself?” 
“Yes, you’re right. I admit that I was asking for trouble, but I really felt like doing it. Ian is your son, so I’m trying my best to treat him like my flesh and blood too. Since Ms. Wand knows how to knit, can I learn from her? I promise that I’ll put a lot of effort into this. When I know how to knit later on, I will knit for Ian every day. No matter what he likes, I can knit it for him.” 
She was imitating how Sasha talked to Little Ian just now. 
###Chapter 42
Chapter 42
“Impossible! I won’t teach you! I can knit Little Ian’s clothes myself. So why would I teach you?” 
Xandra’s words agitated Sasha in an instant, and her mind was overpowered by the rising exasperation in her heart. Unable to hold herself back any longer, Sasha rejected impulsively, blurting out harsh words. 
Usually, she was not an impetuous person. Yet, she tended to lose control easily when it came to her children. 
Upon hearing her words, everyone’s face turned grim, especially Sebastian whose face fell. 
“You’re really rude. How could you outrightly reject Ms. Green when she is sincerely asking you to teach her knitting? Who’re you to knit clothes for Ian? You sure are clueless about where you stand.” 
Berta broke the silence by criticizing Sasha disdainfully. Every single word from her was of great sarcasm like a sharp knife piercing into Sasha’s heart. 
Still holding her son, Sasha clenched her fists at Berta’s words. 
“Berta, how can you be so disrespectful to Ms. Wand when she is willing to knit for Ian out of sincerity? Who are you to criticize her? You’re really acting out of line here.” 
Unexpectedly, Xandra reprimanded the housemaid at once for being rude to Sasha. 
She was still kneeling on the floor, clinging onto Sebastian’s legs, and there were tears on her pretty, flawless face.
It seemed as though she was defending Sasha by speaking up for her. 
Protective of me? 
Sasha rolled her eyes and snickered. The woman’s pretentious attitude really disgusted her. 
Yet, Sebastian was apparently touched by Xandra’s words. When he saw how forgiving and magnanimous she was, the flames of rage in him were completely put out. 
“You don’t have to degrade yourself by pleading with her. There’re actually many other things that you can do for my son.” 
In an instant, Xandra was on cloud nine. She raised her head and asked excitedly, “Sebastian, are you serious? Does it mean… you’re willing to forgive me? Sebastian, I-I’m so happy…” 
She burst into tears, but this time, they were genuine and not crocodile’s tears; they were tears of joy for her victory against Sasha! 
Meanwhile, Sasha was trembling all over. 
Her heart was filled with a mixture of suffocating rage, despair, and indescribable sorrow. She had a hard time accepting the fact that the man was totally oblivious to that woman’s cunningness. Can’t he tell that the b*tch is just putting on a show? 
Perhaps he is deliberately turning a blind eye to everything. 
She’s the woman he loves the most, so no matter what she’s done, he will still choose to forgive her. When I was eight months pregnant years ago, he even had the audacity to abandon us just to be with the love of his life. 
Sasha tightened her arms around her son’s tiny body and shut her red-rimmed, teary eyes in weariness.
“Ms. Nancy?” 
Matteo could sense his mommy’s grief, so he hugged her back to give her mental support. 
He finally understood what his mommy had been enduring all this while. Poor Mommy! Daddy’s really dense and doesn’t deserve any sympathy. Mommy made the right decision by leaving him that time. Thank God I’ve stayed by her side all these years! 
“Ms. Nancy, don’t be sad.” 
“Alright, I’m not sad anymore. Little Ian, don’t worry. I will not let you get hurt no matter what. I will protect you by all means.” 
Gazing lovingly at her son’s face, Sasha quickly wiped her tears away and consoled him. 
Matteo remained silent, yet Sebastian could sense that something was amiss. He glared at them with a cold glint in his eyes and asked, “Sasha Wand, what are you up to?” 
As though her heart had turned stone-cold, Sasha replied calmly, “Mr. Hayes, you really have no idea about what I’m going to do? Since you couldn’t care less about Little Ian’s safety, don’t blame me for being ruthless. From now onward, my only aim is to snatch him away from you!” 
“What makes you think you’re capable of doing that?” 
“Since I could even crawl out of my grave, nothing is impossible for me. Don’t ever underestimate anyone’s ability. You won’t know what to expect when a seemingly vulnerable woman like me is infuriated. Sebastian Hayes, you’d better think twice before you leap.” 
The last few words sent a chill down Sebastian’s spine.
As Sebastian gave Sasha a glance, his heart skipped a beat at the sight of her bloodshot eyes; there was murderous intent in them. If she’s given a knife now, she’ll undoubtedly kill anyone standing in her way with it! 
She’s gone bonkers! 
Sebastian swallowed hard. “Are you out of your mind?” 
“You can say so. If I see any wounds on Little Ian’s body again, don’t blame me for teaching her a lesson!” 
After warning Sebastian, Sasha yanked Berta, who was standing beside her, and gave her a hard poke in the neck. 
Everything occurred within such a short span of time. Berta could only give a shriek of pain before her stiff body collapsed on the floor. Everyone in the dining room gaped in shock at what they saw. 
###Chapter 43
Chapter 43
What did she do? 
What just happened? 
Astonished, everyone stood rooted to the spot. When they finally recollected themselves and glanced at Berta again, she had stopped twitching on the floor. They only realized what had happened when they saw a long needle glistening on her neck. 
My goodness! 
At that instant, everyone felt goosebumps all over their bodies. Meanwhile, blood drained from Xandra’s face while her entire body was trembling in fear. 
“Sasha Wand, what have you done? Are you crazy? How dare you murder someone here! Have you gone mad?” 
Sebastian finally came to his senses. Staring at the housemaid who was lying motionless on the floor, he roared as rage surged within him. 
She’s mad! She has gone mad! 
Is she even aware of what she is doing? This is a human being, not an animal! How could she kill someone so impulsively? Is she out of her mind? Since when did she become such a cold-blooded and brutal person? 
Sebastian felt as if he was about to have a heart attack.
Unperturbed, Sasha stared at him and said scornfully, “Why? Are you scared now? Remember this, Sebastian Hayes, don’t ever try to cross my boundaries!” 
Like a phantom, she gritted out those words through clenched teeth before storming out of the villa. 
Everyone was rendered speechless. 
Xandra was still trembling with fear and could barely utter any words. 
It did not come to anyone’s mind to stop her from stepping out of the enormous villa. Xandra only came to her senses when Sasha’s figure almost disappeared from her sight. 
“Quick! Stop her! She’s killed someone! How can we just let her leave like that! Go and get her at once!” Xandra shrieked hysterically. 
She finally tore off her facade, revealing her true self. Her eyes were loaded with abhorrence as if she intended to rip Sasha into pieces. 
But she was fated to be disappointed. 
The moment Sasha reached the main entrance of the villa, a miracle occurred. Gulp! Berta, who was still lying motionless on the floor a while ago, suddenly let out a deep breath. 
“Cough! Cough! Cough! Ms. Green, I finally… finally made it…” 
There was only dead silence in the dining room. 
Again, everyone was stupefied. 
At Sasha’s rental apartment in Old Town.
When the clock almost struck four in the afternoon, Ian received a call from Matteo. At that moment, he was watching anime with Vivian in the living room. He was not keen on anime, but his mommy had reminded him to look after his sister. So he had no choice but to accompany her. 
When the phone rang, he answered at once. 
“Hello?” 
“Ian, is Mommy home?” Matteo asked Ian right after he answered the call. 
Mommy? 
Ian scanned his surroundings and frowned; the two of them were the only ones at home. “No, she’s not home yet. Why? Isn’t Mommy with you in the villa?” 
Matteo’s face became grimmer. 
It’s been quite some time since she left Royal Court One and yet, she’s still not home. I bet Mommy is hiding somewhere and crying right now. When they were overseas, Sasha would never cry in front of her children in order not to let them worry about her. Whenever she was upset, she would go somewhere else till she felt better. 
Matteo could not wait to leave the villa at once to look for his mommy. 
“Ian, let’s swap back.” 
“Huh?” Ian was startled and asked curiously, “Swap back? Now? I thought you said tomorrow?” 
He was starting to like this place and yearned to spend more time together with his mommy. At the thought of the villa that was void of warmth, he did not feel like going back.
His question triggered Matteo’s frustration on the other end of the line. He yelled in anger, “No, I can’t stay here any longer. What a terrible place! I can’t stand it anymore!” 
“Why?” 
“You should ask your daddy! Ian, who’s that woman named Xandra? Her acting skills are horrible, yet Daddy still chose to turn a blind eye to what she did. He even sided with her and reprimanded Mommy. What happened to Daddy? He doesn’t know how to make judgments, does he?” 
Ian was at a loss for words. 
After a while, he replied coldly with a scowl on his face, “She’s Daddy’s girlfriend.” 
“What did you say? Girlfriend?” Matteo’s face fell. “So does that mean she might become your stepmother?” 
Shaking his head, Ian said unhappily, “I’ve no idea. But I don’t like her, and I don’t want her to be my stepmother.” 
He had clearly expressed his stance on this matter. 
Matteo’s anger was slightly appeased upon hearing this. 
“Ian, I’m glad that we share the same sentiments. You know what? Initially, I intended to get Daddy and Mommy back together after discovering our identities. However, I was really infuriated by what I saw just now. I’m really disappointed with Daddy. I’ve never seen such a scum like him!’ 
Matteo practically roared out his last sentence. He even used the word “scum” to describe his daddy! 
There was no doubt that he was traumatized by the incident in the afternoon. 
###Chapter 44
Chapter 44
Ian fell silent. 
He was not unfamiliar with Xandra and had always known her to be a two-faced phony who would put up a show in his father’s presence. But he didn’t tell on her as he didn’t want to stir up trouble. 
As for Daddy, his temperament is the worst. The way he treated Mommy on that boat was just mean! 
With that thought, Ian agreed that the two of them should swap back to their original identities. After hanging up the phone, Ian did as Matteo told him and tricked his sister into buying him some food downstairs. He then left the rental apartment and took a cab back to Frontier Bay. 
After a few minutes, Ian successfully sneaked into his bedroom in Royal Court One without anyone noticing. This was the first time the twins met each other in person since their births. 
“Whoa! We really do look exactly like each other!” exclaimed Matteo as he finally saw his twin brother in the flesh for the first time. 
Ian was also amazed at their resemblance to each other. But before he could respond, his small body was already embraced tightly by his passionate twin brother. 
Ian was rendered speechless momentarily as there was an unfamiliar but warm sensation spreading from his little chest. 
“Alright, I’ve got to go now. Mommy should be back soon,” Matteo explained. He was worried that the longer he lingered, the more likely someone might walk in on them.
Being the more emotional one, Ian replied with a discernible sadness in his voice, “But… will we meet again? And will Mommy come over again?” 
After learning what had happened today from Matteo, Ian was afraid that he would no longer be able to see his mother. 
Matteo patted his brother’s shoulder while speaking in a comforting voice, “Don’t you worry. Mommy loves you so much, so she’ll certainly come back to visit you. But you have to remember. When she comes back here, you have to protect her from bad Daddy, okay?” 
Feeling reassured, Ian nodded and said, “Certainly!” 
On that note, the twins’ brief encounter ended. 
As soon as Matteo left the room, Sebastian came up from downstairs. He was still fuming over the fact that Ian threw a big tantrum at him after Sasha had left. For the first time in his life, his son told him that he hated him and never wanted to see him anymore. 
Since then, the little boy had locked himself inside his bedroom upstairs. 
As Sebastian stood outside his son’s bedroom, he furrowed his brows and took a deep breath before knocking on the door. “Ian, it’s Daddy. Can you open the door, please? There’s something I want to talk to you about.” 
Instead of opening the door for his father, Ian grabbed onto his pillow and sprinted toward his bed. 
He was still mad at Sebastian. If what Matteo said was true, he has really gone overboard for bullying Mommy because of Xandra. 
Ian buried his head into his pillow. 
“Ian?”
“I’m sleeping!” 
The cold and impatient voice from the five-year-old added fuel to the fire already burning in Sebastian, causing the corner of his eyes to twitch uncontrollably. 
This little rascal! Since when did he dare to talk like this to his own father? This is ridiculous! 
Sebastian had exhausted all his patience and decided to unlock his son’s bedroom door with his own fingerprint. 
“Ian?” 
“Daddy, you just do whatever it is that pleases you with no regard for others, don’t you? It’s annoying!” 
Sebastian had never thought that his son would be capable of throwing such a strong insult at him. 
He was taken aback by the intensity of the hatred in Ian’s voice and thus decided to try a softer approach. “I’m sorry. It’s my fault for barging into your bedroom. I was just so worried about you. Ian, I really need to talk to you about Ms. Xandra.” 
Ms. Xandra? 
Ian’s face turned red. “What’s more to say about her?” 
Sebastian suppressed his anger and continued to build his case, “I know, you think that I have acted too rashly toward your… that lady doctor today. I just want to remind you that she’s a stranger, after all. But Ms. Xandra, on the other hand, is someone who will be living with us in the future. So, if I have to choose a side, it’ll definitely be Ms. Xandra. Do you understand?” 
“Why is that?”
“Because I love her, and she’s going to be my life partner,” Sebastian replied so flatly as though he was answering to any other business matter in the office. 
Ian finally fell silent. 
He was not Matteo who had spent all his life living with their mother, so he was not able to fully comprehend how hurtful Sebastian’s words were to Sasha. 
Xandra, on the other hand, had been by his father’s side throughout the past five years, so much so that Ian was already accustomed to her constant presence in his life. 
“If that’s what you wish, Daddy. But just remember this, if you insist on marrying Ms. Xandra, the lady doctor will no longer belong to you, and she’ll have no relations with you whatsoever,” Ian finally uttered the words that were way too mature for a five-year-old. 
“What did you say?” Sebastian’s eyes narrowed quizzically. He wondered if he might have misheard his words. 
The lady doctor? Why did Ian mention that woman out of the blue? And what did he mean by she will no longer belong to me? That woman will belong to the Hayes family for all eternity as long as I say so! 
Without realizing it himself, Sebastian was offended by the notion that Sasha would have no relations with him at all in the foreseeable future. 
###Chapter 45
Chapter 45
Sasha came back to her rental apartment three hours later. 
She was at a law firm to inquire about custody issues regarding her eldest son. But the woman was devastated when the lawyer told her flat out that the chances of her getting custody of Ian were zero. 
Her dead identity in government archives being the first obstacle. 
Secondly, the party that she was up against was just too powerful for her to gain any foothold before a judge. 
I could deal with the first problem by restoring my identity and then divorcing that scum. Since our hatred for each other is mutual, that shouldn’t be difficult to achieve. But the second problem is just driving me mad! With Hayes Corporation now ranking among the top ten companies in the world, I’ll never have the same backing as he does to win this case. 
Sasha dragged her tiresome body into her rental apartment. 
“Mommy, you’re finally home! Uncle Solomon is here, and he’s bought us lots of stuff!” The delighted voice came from Vivian, who ran toward her mother with a lollipop in her hand. 
Matteo, on the other hand, seemed to be having a great time talking to Solomon. 
Solomon was Sasha’s good friend. They had known each other when they were abroad a long time ago. 
Sasha gathered herself and walked over to greet Solomon, “Hello there. Did the kids call you up again? You shouldn’t have given in to them. You live so far away!”
“That’s alright. I actually came here on my own accord to visit the kids. It had been a while since I last saw them. Even less so after you came back,” Solomon replied. 
Solomon was a lawyer. Bespectacled, he exuded a pleasant and polite bearing that always managed to make people around him feel at ease. 
Sasha stole a glance at the clutters around the house and instantly felt embarrassed. 
“I’m sorry about the messiness, Solomon. You see, I didn’t expect a guest…” Sasha said apologetically. 
“Don’t be ridiculous. I’m not a stranger.” Solomon gave a faint smile and said, “By the way, Matt was telling me that you were out to see a patient. Is the patient feeling better now?” 
“Er…” Solomon’s unexpected question took Sasha by surprise as she fumbled for the right words. I have just managed to turn off that bloody switch! 
“His condition was beyond medical help. Forget about him!” the woman grunted. 
In the next moment, something seemed to have struck Sasha as she spoke, “That’s right! I almost forget that you’re a lawyer too. Mind if I pick your brain for a minute? If a couple is getting divorced, does the party with extreme wealth always get custody of their kids?” 
“Hmm, custody?” 
Solomon sat back down elegantly on the small couch. His gaze stopped momentarily on Sasha before he calmly replied, “Yes, almost always.” 
Instantly, Sasha’s hopes were shattered. 
Solomon was amused by the deflated look on Sasha’s face as he continued to explain, “Having said that, there are exceptions to it. Although having enough money is important, the law dictates that under certain circumstances, the less wealthy party can overtake custody of their children.”
“Is this true?” Sasha’s face instantly lit up as if seeing hope for the first time. 
“That’s right. For example, if the guardian has caused physical harm to the kid or engaged in criminal activities. These are just some of the examples. Do you know someone who’s in such circumstances?” Solomon asked out of curiosity after explaining in detail to Sasha. 
He was not one to pry, but this was the first time Sasha had sought legal opinion on that kind of matter from him. Hence, Solomon thought that was a little odd. 
However, Sasha was not ready to confide in him. So she simply replied, “Oh, it’s just a friend of mine. She’s getting a divorce, but her husband is withholding their kid. So, I just thought I might be able to help her out by seeking some legal opinions on her behalf.” 
Solomon smiled in acknowledgment. Meanwhile, Matteo, who had been eavesdropping on the adults’ conversation, was in complete shock. His jaw dropped when he heard the word “custody.” 
Custody! I wonder what’s on Mommy’s mind. Is she thinking about taking over Ian’s custody? If that’s the case, it’d be awesome to have Ian coming to live with us. Mommy and the three of us will then form a complete family of four! As for bad Daddy… 
There were twinkles in Matteo’s eyes as an idea took form in his cunning little mind. He then looked across the living room at Solomon, who had been stealing glances at his mother, and said, “Uncle Solomon, since Mommy doesn’t know anything about this custody issue, why don’t you take her out and teach her what to do?” 
“Teach her?” Solomon was puzzled. 
“Yes, Uncle Solomon. I think you should take her over to your place and tell her what to do in detail. I’ll look after Vivi at home, so don’t you worry about us,” Matteo eagerly suggested. Since Daddy is in love
with the mean woman, I should find Mommy a boyfriend too. She is such a nice person, so there’s no way men will reject her. 
###Chapter 46
Chapter 46
Sasha was bemused by her son’s mischief. 
Nevertheless, she still headed out with Solomon as the man had promised to show her a couple of books that might be helpful. 
Her mind was now occupied with getting Ian back. 
In Frontier Bay, a man was waiting impatiently for Sasha. 
Luke was pacing anxiously downstairs as his boss sat in the living hall, brewing up a perilous windstorm. 
“So? Have you found her?” 
“Not yet, Mr. Scott. We went to her Aunt Sharon’s house twice and waited outside for a long while. But there was no sign of her. Maybe she didn’t return there?” the weary bodyguards reported what they had been doing all night to Luke. 
Luke did consider that possibility as he was told that Sasha and Sebastian had such a bad row in the afternoon that she had pushed Berta onto the floor. 
Argh! 
Luke’s head was pounding. 
Seeing as it was getting late and his boss’ eyes were still menacingly wide open, Luke decided to do another round of searching himself. 
His phone rang just as he was about to head out the door.
“Hello?” 
“Mr. Scott, I finally have the location of Ms. Wand. She came out of Old Town in a BMW X5 and went to Prime Cloud Corporation,” the bodyguard reported from the other end of the line. 
“Did you just say Prime Cloud Corporation?” Fearing he might have misheard, Luke had to double confirm. 
The Prime Cloud Corporation across the road from Hayes Corporation? Isn’t that the fast-growing electronics and infotech company that has started to attract our attention of late? What’s her business going over there? 
“Are you absolutely positive? What’s she doing over there?” Luke was still trying to wrap his head around this unexpected turn of events. 
“I’m not sure as to why she’s there, Mr. Scott. But someone snapped a picture,” the bodyguard said while sending the said photo over to Luke’s phone. 
Hanging up the call, Luke inspected the photo carefully. It was indeed a photo taken discreetly in front of the Prime Cloud Corporation building. It would appear that Sasha was being led into the lobby by a bespectacled young man with a briefcase. 
She has gone mad! Instead of coming here to treat Mr. Hayes, she followed a man into Hayes Corporation’s rival company. What is she thinking! Doesn’t she realize what kind of trouble she’s getting herself into? 
Luke enlarged the picture to take a better look at the man, and when it dawned on him who the person was, he almost choked from his gasp. 
My goodness! This is so getting out of hand.
“Luke, what are you doing over there? Have you found that damned woman?” Sebastian barked at Luke as there was still no news of Sasha’s whereabouts. His patience was running thin, and his bloodshot eyes were still wide open. 
Luke felt his legs turn wobbly at the thought of what he was about to tell his boss. 
Nevertheless, there was no escaping from what needed to be done. 
With great effort, Luke brought himself to Sebastian and selected his words carefully. “Mr. Hayes, we have found Ma… I mean, Ms. Wand. But um, she went to another place.” 
“Another place?” The man’s head started aching upon hearing that. His expression turned frightening when he spoke, “Who says she can be elsewhere at this hour? Doesn’t she know she should be here treating me?” 
This man is so used to getting his way he’s practically tyrannical. Madam only voluntarily visited once to treat him, but now, she’s become his personal doctor and not allowed to have her own life. 
Luke could no longer contain himself and blurted out, “Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand has no obligation in treating you. The only reason she came here last time was so that she could spend some time with Mr. Ian. Now that Ms. Green has returned, it’s only normal that Ms. Wand wants to keep her distance.” 
“What did you just say?” Sebastian’s voice was becoming more terrorizing with each word he uttered. 
The tension in the living room was palpable. 
Sensing his boss was about to erupt like a volcano, Luke almost jumped out of his skin. He then decided to hand over his phone with a trembling hand and let Sebastian decipher the meaning of the picture by himself. After which, he left the splash zone as quickly as his wobbly legs could take him.
The temperature in the living room immediately dropped to sub-zero; everyone and everything was frozen still in a split second. It was so quiet one could hear a pin drop to the floor. 
###Chapter 47
Chapter 47
It was hours later when Sasha finally came home. She checked her phone and saw about a dozen missed calls from Luke. Ah! I have totally forgotten to go over to Frontier Bay tonight to treat Sebastian. 
When Sasha was at Solomon’s place, he not only showed her the references from law books but also explained to her in detail the methods one could use to gather court-admissible evidence. She had immersed herself in listening to Solomon’s explanation of the relevant legal proceedings and forgotten about Frontier Bay. 
Should I still head over now? 
The momentary thought entered her mind. But it soon disappeared as she recalled what had happened during the day. Well, I still have some self-respect. Since that scum was willing to hurl all sorts of insults in my face for that phony woman, why should I care if he is suffering! 
At that thought, Sasha decided to just wash up and go to bed with her children. 
The night passed peacefully. 
The next morning, Sasha was about to make breakfast for the kids when she received another call from Luke. 
“Madam, Mr. Ian is sick” 
“What! How did he get sick? He was still fine yesterday!” Sasha panicked and dropped everything she was doing before walking over to her balcony.
On the other side of the line, Luke covered his mouth and lowered his voice as though he was afraid of being caught making the phone call. “He stayed up all night waiting for you to come over. When you didn’t show up, he started to play chess by himself. You know how fragile his body is. He must have caught a cold. Mr. Hayes is getting ready to take him to the hospital.” 
“Oh my…” Sasha felt light-headed and started faltering. Her heart wrenched in pain as a pang of guilt surged in her chest. After hanging up the phone, she hurried back into the house. 
What kind of mother am I! I told Ian that I love him and will do everything I can to make up to him. But instead of keeping my word, I was out doing my own thing and didn’t even look after his wellbeing! 
Sasha rushed to the living room as Matteo and Vivian had just gotten ready in their school uniforms. 
“Matt, Vivi, there’s an emergency matter that I have to attend to. So, we’re gonna have to grab a quick bite on our way to your preschool. Is that okay? 
“Sure, Mommy. What’s the matter?” Matteo agreed promptly. But his mother’s apprehensive expression concerned him. 
Trying not to alarm the kids, Sasha simply replied, “Oh, it’s just that the son of my patient has fallen ill, and I’ve got to take a look at him.” 
Ah! Ian is sick! 
Both Matteo and Vivian were surprised by what they heard. 
Twenty minutes later, the siblings arrived at their preschool. As soon as their mother was out of sight, the two started to discuss what had happened. 
“Matt, it sounds like Mommy was talking about Ian. Is he sick?” 
“I think so.” Furrowing his little brows, Matteo seemed to be in deep thought.
It was indeed his idea to get Solomon to come over last night and encourage his mother to go out with him. After witnessing how Sebastian had treated Sasha, Matteo thought it was only fair that his mother found someone who can protect her. 
He did not anticipate that Ian would fall sick as an indirect result of his plan. 
“He must have become ill because he didn’t get to see Mommy. I’m telling you, Matt, if I don’t get to see Mommy, I will probably fall sick too.” Vivian attempted to analyze the situation like an adult in her childlike voice. 
Matteo fell silent upon hearing that. 
Oh my gosh. What have I done now… 
It was just before half-past eight when Sasha rushed over to Frontier Bay. 
She was panting breathlessly from the running. A thin film of sweat formed on her forehead, and her delicate, porcelain cheeks were turning pink. Despite that, she dared not stop since she was almost reaching her destination. 
“Little Ian, please be okay. It’s all my fault! From now on, I will never abandon you. I promise.” 
When Sasha finally arrived at Royal Court One, she was huffing and puffing with red-rimmed eyes. 
“Hold up there. Who are you? And do you think this is a place where anyone can just barge in like that?” 
The woman was thoroughly exhausted by then. She explained to the bodyguard in her frantic voice, “Hi, I was here a few days ago. Please let me through. I need to take a look at Ian.” 
“Ian? He’s sick, and Mr. Hayes is looking after him in there. Wait, stop right there! You have no permission to enter. Hey!” the bodyguard was yelling after Sasha as she had pushed through him and
dashed inside. 
But what is Sasha doing here? 
The moment she heard that her son was in the villa instead of being sent to the hospital, there was nothing that could stop her from seeing Ian. 
Indeed, when Sasha finally reached the villa, she was met with a chaotic scene as opposed to the usually quiet and desolated space; some were packing for the trip to the hospital while others were preparing the medicine and making phone calls to the doctors. 
Sasha’s heart sank at the frantic sight. 
She dashed inside and was already on her way upstairs when a person was hurrying down with a bowl in his hand. 
“Go get some saline solution. It’s the doctor’s order.” 
She took another glance at the person with the bowl to realize that he was a bodyguard, who was now doubling as a medical assistant. 
Saline solution? Please don’t tell me he’s got diarrhea and is now dehydrated. 
###Chapter 48
Chapter 48
Sasha panicked and dashed over in an instant. “Why are we using saline?” she demanded. “Why isn’t he on a drip? What’s going on?” She fired off one question after another without giving the bodyguard time to respond. 
Unbeknownst to her, Ian had an unusual lymphatic system whereby drips would actually do more harm than good. During the years when Sebastian cared for him, he had been erring on the side of caution. 
When Sasha threw open the door after she bounded up the stairs, the scene that greeted her was not what she expected. 
“Come on, another bite. When you’ve finished, you’re in for a special treat.” 
“Really, Daddy? Can she come back again?” pleaded the child. 
“Of course, my boy,” answered Sebastian. 
He could not have been more different than his usual haughty and domineering self. Sasha watched as he patiently coaxed the squirming boy, who was doing his best to avoid the spoon. Sebastian is actually a pretty good father. 
Steeling herself, she entered the room and stood before him. “Let me do it. A jab will work better to stop the diarrhea.” 
When Sebastian looked up at her, Sasha couldn’t help but shudder. His eyes were filled with rage as if her intrusion greatly offended him.
However, his son’s health was the more pressing matter at hand, so he held his emotions back. As he placed the boy back onto the bed, his expression softened. 
“Mr. Hayes, I…” one of the doctors started. 
“Leave us,” he interrupted him sharply. “Let her do it.” 
The doctors hurriedly cleared the room, not keen to be on the receiving end of his temper. Meanwhile, he watched intently as Sasha prepared the equipment. She could feel the intensity of his gaze drilling into the back of her skull. 
Not daring to look behind her, she clenched her fists to stop herself from trembling. But one look at the pale child steadied her nerves as she knew that the boy needed her. Taking a deep breath, she administered the dose and observed him. 
After twenty minutes, Ian looked much better. 
“Does it still hurt, Ian?” Sasha asked softly. 
“No, it doesn’t.” Ian shook his head as he lay in bed. 
Sasha sighed in relief. Bending over, she kissed his forehead and tucked his blanket in. 
“Now, Ian, you need to rest up, alright? I’ll come back and visit you soon.” 
Ian nodded, looking over her shoulder at his father. 
Sebastian approached her. “Anything else?” 
“Don’t yell at her!” Ian sat up as though he sensed Sebastian’s hostility earlier.
Sasha followed Sebastian out of the room and up a flight of stairs, which took them to the third floor of the villa. Then, he stopped and turned around to address her. “I’m going in for a bath. You coming?” A menacing glint flashed across his eyes as he stared at her. 
What? 
Sasha felt the flush crawl up her cheek and stumbled backward. 
“Oh, I—I don’t think I will. You have a good shower. I’ll wait for you out here,” she mumbled, frantically searching for a way out of her embarrassment. Locating the door, she bolted out of there like a hare in a foxhunt. 
Sebastian watched her leave with a smirk across his thin lips before he entered the bathroom. 
Since Ian’s condition improved, the doctors and guards were dismissed, and the villa quickly became quiet again, with only a few servants. 
Sasha came to the balcony on the third floor. As she gazed at the garden below, it seemed like an enticing place, so she went down and made herself comfortable on the patio while waiting for Sebastian. 
Right then, she received a text message. 
Solomon George: Nancy, aren’t you coming today? 
Sasha: Oh no! I’m so sorry. Something urgent came up in the morning, and I forgot to tell you. 
She only remembered that she was supposed to meet him at his office for a consultation on a legal matter when she saw the text message. 
Solomon’s affable reply came soon.
Solomon: That’s fine. We’ll meet up when you’re free. Just give me a call, and I’ll come to pick you up. 
Sasha: Sure. 
Soon after, she heard the sound of a door being opened from above. She looked up at the bedroom before entering the villa again. 
“Sebastian, have you finished your bath? Can we talk now?” 
Confronted with a closed door, she reiterated her request outside the room. Suddenly, the door opened from within, and Sebastian emerged, damp and naked except for the towel around his waist. 
Good God! 
Sasha’s eyes widened in shock. 
Although she had three children with this man, she had never seen his body before! 
###Chapter 49
Chapter 49
He was drugged that night, and the lights were switched off when he was trying to force himself on her, so she did not manage to catch a glimpse of his body. 
Sasha gulped. His damp torso glistened in the light, accentuating and flattering his shapely muscles. His Adam’s apple bobbed as he spoke, but she did not hear a thing. She was too busy following the water droplets that trickled down his chin and onto his chest. 
“Are you done?” Sebastian said sharply. 
Sasha snapped out of her reverie. It suddenly dawned on her how long she had been salivating over him like a slab of meat. She wished the ground would just swallow her up just to spare her the embarrassment. 
“You were… I just… I didn’t mean to… I thought you were done, and I wanted to speak to you.” 
She spluttered on in an attempt to explain herself, not daring to look up. Her porcelain face had reddened like a tomato by then. 
Oh, come on. You’re not that innocent. 
You’re no stranger to flings and one-night stands. This isn’t the first naked body of a man you’ve seen. 
As she stood there deliberating with herself, Sebastian slammed the door shut in her face. 
Sometime later, he emerged fully dressed. 
“Well? What was it that was so important?” he snapped.
Sebastian straightened up and addressed her with a haughty glare. It was as if he had donned his familiar snarky persona along with that suit. His disdain permeated the corridor and suffocated her, robbing her of her confidence. 
Sasha took a deep breath and gulped. Bracing herself again, she blurted, “I would like to take care of Ian if that’s okay with you.” 
“Take care? What right do you have to do that? You are an unfit mother. You can have another kid with that adulterer and care for him!” 
The words were barely out of her mouth before she regretted uttering them. His remark stung, but her mind was whirring with something else. 
Adulterer? 
Instantly, her face became as white as a sheet. 
Why did he say that all of a sudden? Was he stalking me? 
Sasha’s embarrassment turned into indignation. She glared at Sebastian. “Mr. Hayes, did you have me followed?” she asked, barely suppressing the rage in her voice. 
“Follow you? Ms. Wand, you overestimate your importance. I do not need to do that. I know everything that goes on around here.” he sneered at her, looking as evil as the Devil himself. 
Sasha was stumped. This was his territory, so of course he had eyes everywhere. 
But why did he specifically mention the word “adulterer”? 
He is just a friend!
“Yes, I went out last night with a friend,” Sasha retorted defiantly. “But Mr. Hayes, watch your choice of words. He is most definitely not an adulterer.” 
Sebastian was undeterred. “My choice of words? Tell me, Sasha Wand, have you ever heard of a decent woman going out at that hour with a man and not have any agenda?” 
Sasha reached her tipping point. 
“If I’m an indecent woman, what does that make you? Remember when you brought your b*tch and paraded her in front of me when I was pregnant? What does that make the two of you? A scumbag and a wench, that’s what the two of you are!” 
This time, she had gone too far. Sasha watched in slow motion as Sebastian raised his hand to strike her, his face contorted with rage, but she was too petrified to move. 
“Mr. Hayes, what do you think you’re doing?” Luke, who appeared just in time, yelled. 
With one stride, he stood between Sasha and Sebastian, who was looking deranged and quite ready to beat her. 
This woman is asking to be killed! 
Luke restrained Sebastian with some difficulty. “Mr. Hayes, calm down. She only spoke out of turn. I’m sure she didn’t mean what she said.” 
Then, he turned to Sasha. “Ms. Wand, you owe Mr. Hayes an apology. Did you know that he waited up for you?” 
Sasha was frozen in place since she last spoke and finally came to her senses upon hearing that, but her face turned deathly pale again.
Luke was right—she did not mean to lose her temper. In fact, she was waiting for Sebastian to get out of the shower to apologize for not showing up last night, but his words had hurt her. 
That was when her anger got the better of her. 
Sasha hesitated for a moment before she said, “The reason I came here was to apologize for last night. My friend needed help, so I went with him. I only recalled our appointment after I went home, but it was too late.” 
###Chapter 50
Chapter 50
“Friend?” 
“Yes, I came here on short notice, so I asked Clear Hospital to deliver some of my medical books to his place. That’s why I went there last night. To get them,” Sasha explained. 
What she said was true in a way. She did go to Solomon’s place last night to take some books. 
Luke finally breathed a long sigh of relief. 
Then, he began to placate his boss, “Since that’s the case, why don’t you give her another chance, Mr. Hayes? It’s not like she committed some kind of heinous crime, right? She even rushed over this morning the moment she heard about Ian’s condition. Besides, Ian is probably going to wake up soon, Mr. Hayes. If he sees the two of you quarreling again, I’m afraid he’d…” 
He trailed off, but nonetheless, everyone understood the words he left unsaid. 
Ian had fallen ill because of them. If he woke up to see them quarreling, he would definitely become emotionally unstable again. 
Sebastian glowered at the woman in front of him. 
In the end, he walked away without saying anything. 
A loud bang reverberated through the house as he kicked the bedroom door open on the third floor. 
Sasha jolted in shock and did not dare to stay a second longer, quickly going to her son’s room on the second floor.
Whatever. As long as I get to stay, nothing else matters. 
Ten minutes later, the sound of an engine starting came from outside. Sasha craned her neck to look out the window and saw a black Bentley driving away. 
They’ve gone to the company? 
So does this mean that I can stay here to look after Ian? 
Wild with joy, Sasha danced around the place before returning to her son’s bedside and rubbed his belly with a broad smile. 
Meanwhile, as Luke drove toward the company, he stole a few glances at Sebastian through the rearview mirror and caught him pinching his glabella. 
Boss is acting so strange this morning. 
His “dead” wife obviously has nothing to do with him, so why is he so worked up? I mean, they have cut all ties with each other, so it’s none of his business even if she sleeps with another man. 
I can’t believe he even called her an adulterer… 
… 
Hence, Sasha stayed at Frontier Bay to care for her son that day. 
Unbeknownst to her, while she was in the villa, there were a pair of eyes shooting daggers at her from beyond the garden. 
“Sasha Wand, you still get to stay here even after what happened? Why? It’s not fair!”
There was a white Maserati parked outside the villa, but it was quite a distance away from Royal Court One, tucked into the corner of the villa next door as if afraid someone might see it. 
Hearing the way Xandra gritted out Sasha’s name, the middle-aged woman in the car followed her gaze and asked, “That’s the woman who came back from the dead?” 
The middle-aged woman was Kelly Green, Xandra’s biological aunt. 
“And here I thought she was some kind of cunning vixen, seeing as she managed to bar you from entering Royal Court One. But it turns out that she’s just an unpresentable woman.” 
“You don’t get it, Aunt Kelly. She’s Ian’s birth mother!” 
Xandra was upset that her aunt was still underestimating Sasha at a time like this. 
Kelly scoffed, “So what? You managed to drive her out when she was pregnant back then, and you’re the one who raised the child all these years, yet you’re telling me you’re no match for her? What’s wrong with you?” 
Xandra’s chest grew tight in response to her aunt’s admonishment. 
Indeed, she didn’t know what was wrong with her. She had let the opportunity slip from her grasp the day before. Berta secretly told me that after I arrived, Sebastian kept defending me, so I should’ve been able to stay in the villa. 
But I never expected that he’d kick me out too after that b*tch left! 
What’s worse, I’m not even allowed to set foot in the villa today. 
Meanwhile, that woman gets to roam freely in there.
Xandra’s eyes gleamed with hatred and malice as she stared vehemently at the mother and son pair on the second floor. 
“What’s the use of glaring at her like that? If only looks could kill, eh? Well, it’s better to utilize the time to think of some other ways.” 
“Ways to what?” 
“Ways to make sure she dies permanently this time, of course.” 
Kelly looked at the figure in the villa with a neutral expression on her face, but the glint in her eyes was much more terrifying than her niece’s, as though there was a monster lurking beneath her skin. 
Sasha stayed at Frontier Bay for the whole day. 
Halfway through the day, Sebastian returned home once, which was out of her expectation. Perhaps it was because he hadn’t slept the night before and couldn’t take it anymore. 
When Sasha saw him come home, she instantly became a bundle of nerves, worried that his anger from this morning hadn’t yet subsided. 
Fortunately, he didn’t say anything this time. After allowing her to administer the injection, he went upstairs to sleep for half an hour before he prepared to leave for the company again. 
“Sebastian, umm… Since I’ve already given you the injection, I won’t be coming tonight. My uncle isn’t well, so I have to check up on him later.” 
Right before he left the villa, Sasha cautiously informed him that she wasn’t coming at night. 
In truth, she wanted to go home to check up on her other two children.
However, when Sebastian heard that she wasn’t coming at night, he turned around and pinned her with a gloomy stare. 
###Chapter 51
Chapter 51
“You may stop coming altogether,” he enunciated every word and uttered them through gritted teeth while wearing a frosty expression on his face. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
F**k! 
“Just ignore him, Mommy. He’s always like that.” 
Unexpectedly, Ian came out just then. Witnessing his father being an insufferable bully again, he put on an icy look and immediately came to his mother’s aid. 
Sasha instantly broke out in cold sweat. 
However, Sebastian only shot his son a glare before turning to leave. Thank God this a**hole is tolerant toward his own son. 
Sasha finally loosened up after he was gone. 
“Little Ian, umm… I won’t be coming tonight, so be a good boy and don’t forget to eat your medicine before going to bed, okay? I’ll visit you tomorrow morning.” 
“Mm.” 
Ian nodded expressionlessly and went back to his room. 
Of course, he understood why his mommy wasn’t coming later. He had a brother and a sister out there, and he didn’t wish for them to be neglected because of him.
Hence, Sasha picked up the two children from preschool that evening and didn’t go back to the villa anymore. 
“Mommy, did you go look after that sick boy today? How is he?” 
This was the first thing that came out of Matteo’s mouth after coming back from preschool. 
Sasha was cooking in the kitchen just then and didn’t think much about her son’s question, so she merely replied, “He’s doing alright. It’s not that serious, so he’s almost fully recovered.” 
“Really? That’s great!” 
Matteo could finally relax after a whole day of worrying. 
Vivian walked over right then and sprawled next to her brother. “Matt, does that mean Ian’s okay now?” 
“I guess so, but I don’t think we should try to matchmake Uncle Solomon and Mommy anymore. I think Ian got sick because of this.” 
“Ah? Really?” Vivian gasped softly. 
“Yeah, you know how smart he is. When we didn’t let Mommy go there, he must’ve figured out why and started worrying. That’s why he became sick.” 
Matteo was smart as well. After a whole day of thinking, he managed to put two and two together. 
Hearing her brother’s explanation, Vivian lost interest in the cartoon playing on the television, scooting closer to Matteo with a cute frown on her face. “Then what should we do? Bad Daddy is always so mean to Mommy. I don’t want him to be with Mommy.” 
Matteo fell silent.
What else can we do? 
We can only think of a way to stop bad Daddy from bullying Mommy. 
Matteo decided to wait until Ian was fully recovered to call him and discuss this matter. 
It was a cozy and peaceful night for the family of three. 
The next day, Sasha woke up very early. Her mind was filled with thoughts of her eldest son who was sick. 
Besides getting up early to bake some pastries, she also made some medicinal soup that could boost his energy, planning to bring everything over to the villa later. 
Matteo had always been a sensible child. When he woke up and saw that his mother was busy in the kitchen, he took it upon himself to put on his clothes and also helped his sister to get ready before walking into the kitchen together. 
“Mommy, are you cooking this for that boy?” 
“Yes. He’s sick, so I made some soup for him, hoping that he’ll get better soon.” 
When Sasha saw both children fully dressed, she was touched and delighted at the same time. 
Vivian came over to sniff the pastries just then. “Mommy, are these all for him too?” 
“No, no. Some of them are for the two of you. How could I forget about my two precious babies?” Sasha hurriedly explained. 
Then, she picked up a warm pastry and gave it to her daughter. 
They were all her children, so of course she would never be biased toward any one of them.
Once Sasha made sure they had eaten their fill, she went downstairs while holding Matteo in one hand and Vivian in the other. After sending them to preschool, she rushed to Frontier Bay. 
“Little Ian, are you awake?” 
Royal Court One was beautiful in the morning, with various types of flowers blooming around the garden. As the sun glowed brilliantly, the entire place seemed to be enveloped in a golden veil. 
It was a sight to behold. 
Sasha entered the villa with the medicinal soup in hand and was about to go upstairs to see her son. 
###Chapter 52
Chapter 52
However, a figure appeared behind her all of a sudden. 
“Ms. Wand, where are you going?” 
“Ahh?” 
Sasha almost jumped out of her skin, instantly halting in her steps to look behind her as her heart raced with lingering shock. 
“Oh, it’s you, Berta. I… I’m going upstairs to see if Little Ian’s awake.” 
“You’re going up to see Ian? Ms. Wand, he isn’t awake yet, so don’t disturb him. Also, what did you bring here? Why does it look like that?” 
Berta, who seemed to have materialized out of thin air, didn’t just prevent Sasha from seeing her son. She even poked her nose into Sasha’s business, asking about the things the latter had placed on the dining table. 
Sasha explained, “Those are some pastries and medicinal soup I brought from home. I personally made them for Little Ian.” 
“Ms. Wand, I’ve told you before that Ian can’t eat outside food. He’s sick, remember?” 
Resentment was written on the housemaid’s face. 
Sasha started to feel uneasy. Glancing at the food she brought, she reigned in her temper and insisted, “I personally made them. There won’t be a problem.”
“Who knows? He did come down with diarrhea because of the brownies you made.” 
Sasha’s brows drew together at that. 
Little Ian fell sick because he ate the brownies I made him? 
As the possibility surfaced in her mind, she remained motionless on the spot. 
Of course, she didn’t think that her food itself was the problem since she was confident in her own skills. However, listening to what the housemaid said, she began to suspect that Ian was allergic to certain ingredients. 
It was a possibility that couldn’t be ruled out completely. 
Sasha’s face turned pale, thinking that she had caused Ian’s sickness. 
“What are both of you doing?” 
Right then, a tall figure descended the stairs, wearing a black tailored suit over a white shirt. The moment he appeared, the noble and imposing aura he emanated caused Sasha to hold her breath subconsciously. 
I thought he should be at the company by now. 
“Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand brought food over again. I was afraid that Ian’s condition would worsen after eating whatever she brought, so I was offering her a word of advice.” 
Berta immediately began complaining about Sasha to the head of the household. 
Sasha became frantic. “No, I-I didn’t know that Little Ian fell sick because he ate the brownies I made. I-I really didn’t do it on purpose,” she stammered out an explanation, afraid that Sebastian would misunderstand her and never allow her to see her son again.
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
His eyes that were always devoid of warmth swept across the food on the table before returning to stare at the woman who had her head bowed. 
“Who told you that he fell sick because of the brownies?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha whipped her head up and stared blankly at the man. “H-He didn’t? But Berta said—” 
“I didn’t say that, Ms. Wand. I clearly said that the child is sick and needs to be careful of what he eats lest his condition worsens!” Berta interrupted her and raised her voice to deny it. 
Sasha stared at her in wide-eyed disbelief. 
Wow, look how quickly she changed her statement. Does she think I’m stupid? 
Sasha went purple with rage. 
“That’s enough. Since you have so much free time, you should think about how to take good care of him because if something happens to him again, you’ll have to answer to me, Sasha Wand!” 
Sebastian withdrew his indifferent gaze but didn’t do anything else about the matter. 
A strange feeling slithered into his heart. 
Although he constantly wanted her to be at his mercy, when he saw the crestfallen look on her face just now, he realized that it didn’t bring him any pleasure whatsoever. 
Shaking off this peculiar feeling, he strode out the door.
###Chapter 53
Chapter 53
Due to Sebastian’s intervention, Sasha managed to untangle herself from Berta. Without a moment’s delay, she carried the food and went upstairs. 
“Little Ian, Ms. Nancy is here. Are you awake?” 
“Mm.” 
She was happy to see how obedient her son was. After softly calling out to him, he opened his eyes on the bed and got up with her help. 
Sasha was more than pleased with their progress. 
This was a rare heartwarming moment she shared with her son. 
After dressing Ian up, she coaxed him into drinking the soup she made, causing Berta to grit her teeth in irritation. 
“Little Ian, let’s go to the garden for a walk, hmm?” 
After Ian finished his breakfast, Sasha noticed that the weather was particularly good. With her son’s health in mind, Sasha thought it would be good to let Ian go out and sweat a little. 
However, Ian’s face instantly sank. “No!” 
Sasha was taken aback. “Why not, sweetie? Children should exercise more to become stronger. Once you’re all better, you can start going to preschool where you can make lots of new friends who will play with you. Isn’t that fun?”
“No, it’s not fun! It’s not fun at all!” 
Sasha never expected that what she said would make things worse. Ian hurled the Transformers figurine in his hand and ran away. 
Anxious, Sasha got to her feet and went after him. “Ian, don’t run! Wait for me.” 
What’s going on? Why did he become so worked up all of a sudden? 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
She raced after him to his room, planning to coax him. However, he slammed the door before she could reach him and locked her out. 
“Little Ian? Please open the door. Don’t be angry. Did I say something wrong? Let me in so that we can talk, okay?” 
“Weren’t you oh-so confident in yourself? What’s wrong? Are things not going well?” 
Berta came upstairs at some point and began mocking her. 
Sasha was in an irritable mood, and what Berta said was the last straw. Her gaze turned icy as she shot a fierce glare at the latter. 
“One more word from you, and I’ll make sure it’s the last thing you say.” 
Berta was stunned, having never seen this side of Sasha. 
In an instant, fear gripped her as she cowered slightly, feeling a chill travel down her spine. 
Since when did this woman become so scary?
Her arrogance was instantly knocked down several notches, and she stuttered, “I-It’s because you mentioned preschool. Ian has always hated going to preschool.” 
“He doesn’t like it? Why?” 
Sasha was perplexed. 
He hates going to preschool? 
Why? 
I know that he doesn’t like to interact with others, but why doesn’t he like going to preschool too? 
His condition shouldn’t be that serious. 
Sasha felt that something was amiss and decided to wait for Sebastian to come home to ask him the reason behind it. 
However, Sebastian didn’t come back all afternoon. Instead, someone else came to visit the villa. 
“Quick! Tidy the place up. Mr. Hayes will be here soon, so make sure everything is spotless, or we’ll never hear the end of it from him.” 
Sasha had come down to make lunch for her son when she overheard this. 
When she saw Berta ordering the housemaids in the garden, she almost missed a step and stumbled down the stairs from shock. 
Sebastian’s father is coming? 
Oh God! Why all of a sudden? Why wasn’t I told about this?
###Chapter 54
Chapter 54
What am I going to do? I’m not ready to meet his father yet! Besides, that scum and I agreed that he’d be the one to take me to see his father. That way, I’d have more time to make myself more presentable so that when his father sees that I’m sincere, he wouldn’t be as mad. That was the deal! 
In her state of panic, Sasha was about to tuck tail and leave. 
“Ms. Wand, where are you going?” 
“Huh? Umm… I just remembered that there’s something I have to do. I’ll be back later,” Sasha formulated a response in haste. 
Yeah, it’s not the right time. I’ll avoid him for now and come back here after he’s gone. 
However, something seemed off about Berta this time as she tried to make her stay. 
“Ms. Wand, Mr. Hayes is going to be here soon. Since you saved Ian and have been caring for him all this time, you should stay and meet his grandfather. He’s a nice person, so I’m sure he’ll be very grateful to you when he finds out that you’re his grandson’s savior.” 
The housemaid’s attitude toward Sasha took a hundred and eighty-degree turn. 
Sasha couldn’t help but feel skeptical. 
Despite her rising suspicions, there were more pressing matters at hand, and she couldn’t be bothered figuring out Berta’s motives.
“No thanks. It’s not a big deal anyway. Well then, I’ll be leaving now.” With that, Sasha put down the bowl in her hand and prepared to leave. 
Suddenly, Berta rushed over to grab her arm. 
She was about to stop the latter from leaving when a small figure appeared at the stairs. 
“What are you doing?” Ian asked. Having locked himself in his bedroom for the whole afternoon ever since Sasha brought up preschool, he finally made an appearance right then. 
Although Sasha was delighted to see him, she made sure to approach him carefully. 
“Little Ian, there’s something I have to do back home, so I need to leave for a while, but I’ll come here again at night. Is that okay?” 
Ian remained silent. 
None of them knew that it wasn’t a coincidence that he had come down at that moment. When he was upstairs, he had actually heard that his grandfather was visiting and noticed the panic in his mother’s voice as she argued with the annoying housemaid. 
That was why he came down. 
Why is Mommy so scared? Why is she rushing to go home? 
Could she be… scared of Grandpa? 
Is it because she lied about being dead last time, then secretly took Matteo and Vivian with her? 
There was no change in his expression when he glanced at his mother, but a brief moment later, he commanded in an adorable voice, “Don’t let him in!”
“What?” 
The moment he said that, Sasha stopped in her tracks, and even Berta snapped her gaze to him with a look of shock on her face. 
“Ian, w-what do you mean? Don’t let who in?” 
“Grandpa!” 
“Grandpa? What? Ian, how could we possibly do that to Mr. Hayes? How can we stop him from entering?” Berta instantly rejected, disagreeing with the little boy’s decision. 
Ian’s face turned gloomy. 
He then padded down the stairs on his short legs and went straight to the living room to grab the phone. 
Sasha snapped out of her daze and quickly went over to him. 
As she neared her son, she found that his call had connected and he was speaking stiffly into the phone. “I just don’t want you to come!” 
Oh my God! 
Sasha was so anxious she had the sudden urge to pull at her own hair. 
“Little brat, why don’t you want Grandpa to come? You’re sick, so Grandpa just wants to see you.” 
“No need!” 
Ian’s expression remained stoic as he stubbornly stood his ground.
Sasha put her hand on her chest, feeling as if her heart was about to leap out of her throat. In her mind, she was picturing a gray-haired old man holding the phone while clutching his chest in anger. 
Oh God, will he be p*ssed at his grandson? 
After they talked on the phone for several minutes, just like Sasha had predicted, Frederick remained adamant as her son failed to stop him from coming. 
Sasha grimaced. 
After a moment, she squatted in front of her brooding son and cautiously coaxed him, “It’s okay, Little Ian. Just let him come. I will be fine.” 
“Well, I won’t! I don’t wanna see him!” 
Out of everyone’s expectations, Ian abruptly gritted out such shocking words. 
Did I misunderstand the situation? So my son wasn’t trying to help me at all, but he actually doesn’t want to see his Grandpa? Oh. 
Sasha was lost for words all of a sudden. 
“Can you drive?” Ian asked. 
“What?” 
“Come with me!” 
With that, Ian went upstairs again. Sasha was still confused when he came down once again with something held tightly in his hand. When she took a closer look at it, she was so stunned her jaw almost hit the ground.
My dear son, does your daddy know that you’re such a genius? 
Sasha reacted after a beat and scurried after Ian. Ten minutes later, she finally drove a blue and sleek Ferrari out of the villa’s garage, feeling like she was treading on air! 
###Chapter 55
Chapter 55
“Little Ian, how come you have the keys to this car? Mom… I love you to bits!” 
She was so excited that she started babbling incoherently. A glance at the rearview mirror showed the housemaid whose face had gone red from anger outside the villa, but Sasha was too far gone to care. 
Seated on the front passenger seat, Ian cast a cold glance at her. 
This car is mine, okay? 
Silly Mommy! 
The mother and son duo zoomed out of Frontier Bay in no time, shoving the villa to the back of their minds. 
“Little Ian, where should we go next? Do you want some good food? Or do you want me to bring you somewhere to play?” 
As the car sped along the road, Sasha’s spirits were lifted considerably, and she started to think about where she could bring her son to have fun since they had already left the villa. 
Ian’s eyes finally lit up with excitement. 
Indeed, he rarely came out to play. Even going for a simple stroll happened only once in a blue moon. 
Every time he went to places frequented by children of his age, everyone would call him a weirdo and laugh at him when they saw how quiet and introverted he was.
Thus, he hated going to preschool and refused to go to crowded places. His father rarely allowed him to go out as well because of his frail body, and whenever he did, he would make sure Ian was escorted by many bodyguards, which Ian found to be a hindrance. 
“The amusement park,” he finally said the words at the tip of his tongue after remaining silent throughout the whole ride. 
Sasha shot a furtive glance at her son. Upon noticing the bright gleam in his eyes, she readily agreed to his request, “Alright! The amusement park it is! I will make sure you have fun today. I promise!” 
Then, she floored the accelerator and headed straight for their destination. 
Her curiosity was piqued. Didn’t Ian refuse to go for a walk earlier? I’m sure he knows that there’s gonna be a lot of walking at the amusement park. Then why is he so excited about it? 
Sasha decided to use this opportunity to understand her son better. 
… 
Sebastian only found out about what happened at Frontier Bay when he returned to his office after a meeting. 
As soon as he was informed, he slammed the document in his hand onto the table. 
“How did my father find out about this?” 
“I-I investigated. No one at the villa would’ve dared to speak a word about it, so could it be one of th-the doctors?” 
Luke stammered as he trembled slightly.
The moment he was done, Sebastian uttered in a frightening voice, “Did you leave your brain at home today? Do you really think any of the doctors I hired would dare to breathe a word about it? Investigate this at once and find out who leaked it.” 
“Yes, yes! Right away!” 
Luke nodded profusely. 
What Sebastian said was right. Ever since Frederick’s health deteriorated, no one dared to tell him about Ian’s health condition. Otherwise, death would be the only outcome for them. 
The doctors undoubtedly knew this as well. 
At that moment, Luke felt that he had indeed left his brain at home. 
“What about her? Where is she now?” 
“Huh? Oh, you mean… Ms. Wand? She… ran away with Ian.” 
“What did you say? Ran away? With my son?” 
As Sebastian whipped his head up, the temperature in the office plummeted drastically, scaring the daylights out of Luke. 
He hastily explained, “Well, when Ian heard that your father was going to visit, he was very against it. So, he called your father and told him not to come, but of course, your father didn’t listen. Then, Ian… He took the keys to the blue Ferrari you gave him for his birthday and asked Ms. Wand to take him away…” 
Cold sweat was dripping down Luke’s forehead because truth be told, this was the first time Ian had done something like this.
Sure enough, Sebastian’s expression became even more terrifying, and he exuded a menacing aura that seemed to fill every inch of the office. 
“And you believe that?” 
“Uh… Come again?” 
“He’s only five, but you’re telling me he’s capable of something like this? Then why wasn’t he this bold in the past?” Sebastian enunciated each word slowly as anger radiated off his body. 
Luke did not dare to say a word. 
So does Boss mean that it wasn’t Ian’s idea but Ms. Wand’s? 
Oh boy, she is so screwed! 
“Call… Call that damned woman and tell her if… if she doesn’t bring my son back in… in twenty minutes, I will bury her uncle… and his entire family along with her!” 
Beside himself with rage, pain began to spread through his skull as though a bomb was about to go off in his head. The pain was so excruciating that he wanted so badly to strangle that woman alive at that moment! 
Sasha Wand, I showed you some leniency and you start acting out already? 
Very well. Just you wait! 
… 
Sasha and Ian both had a blast at the amusement park. 
Since the latter had never been here before, he had eagerly tried every ride with Sasha.
Right then, Sasha glimpsed a shadow of Matteo in him as he finally seemed more like a child of his age. 
###Chapter 56
Chapter 56
“Are you having fun, Little Ian?” 
“Mhm.” 
Both of them were sitting in a small wooden boat that could seat only a parent and a child. It wasn’t powered by anything and could only move by manually pedaling and rowing the double oars. Hence, when Sasha pedaled, Ian would use his little hands to row the oars. 
His face was flushed and perspiration coated his forehead, but his beautiful eyes were exceptionally bright, which was a stark contrast to his usual aloof self. 
Sasha smiled along with him and continued pedaling vigorously, about to bring him to play some more. Just then, her phone rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Madam, oh my God. What were you thinking? How could you kidnap Ian and run away like that? Goodness gracious, I really can’t… Please, come back quickly or you’ll be done for!” 
The moment Sasha answered the call, Luke’s frenzied voice reached her ears. 
Her expression fell as she asked, “What’s wrong? He knows? No… I didn’t kidnap Little Ian. He didn’t want to see his grandpa, so I brought him out with me. That’s all.” 
Oh God, doesn’t she understand the gravity of the situation now?
Luke didn’t bother to elaborate further. Instead, he begged her to quickly bring Ian back and said that if she didn’t, she would never be allowed to see Ian again. 
Sasha finally came to her senses and brought a very reluctant Ian back on shore. 
“Little Ian, our fun stops here for today. You just fell sick, so you can’t play too much. Let’s go find Daddy now, okay?” 
“Daddy?” 
Ian was an immensely intelligent child, so he instantly realized that something was off by listening to his mother’s words. 
However, Sasha would never tell him anything she deemed inappropriate for a child’s ears. After coaxing him a little, she carried him back to the car, and they both left the amusement park, heading toward Hayes Corporation. 
Twenty minutes later, the car drove into the city center and approached Hayes Corporation. 
Then, it rolled to a stop in front of the skyscraper. After receiving the call from Luke earlier, Sasha didn’t have the inclination to go in whatsoever. From Luke’s tone, she knew for a fact that that man would make things difficult for her if she went up. 
Unfortunately… 
“Ms. Nancy?” 
“Oh, alright. I will bring you up, hmm?” 
Sasha snapped out of her trance. Glancing at the boy beside her who still looked a little pale and sickly, she alighted the car and brought him down.
“Oh, the president’s son is here. Hi, little one. I see you finally have some time to come over.” 
Perhaps because Sebastian often brought Ian to the company, everyone there knew who he was. As soon as Sasha led him in, the front desk receptionist immediately came over to greet him warmly. 
Ian never liked speaking, so he merely shot a fleeting glance at her. 
To dispel the awkwardness, Sasha quickly answered for him, “Yes, his father asked me to bring him here. Is he in his office now?” 
“Oh, yes, yes. The president didn’t go out this afternoon. Oh? I’ve never seen you before. Are you the newly hired nanny for Mr. Hayes’ son? You’re very young!” 
Unexpectedly, the receptionist posed such a question after giving Sasha a once-over. 
Following that, Sasha’s whole body stiffened. 
Nanny? 
Hah! Isn’t that the truth though? She didn’t dare to acknowledge this child as her own at that moment. Besides, no one in this building knew that she was once the president’s wife and would have been the lady boss here because their wedding back then hadn’t even been announced to the public. 
Sasha lowered her gaze as a self-deprecating smile played on her lips. Just when she was about to admit to being a nanny, the small hand she was holding abruptly tugged her twice. 
“Let’s go!” 
Ian’s eyes were extremely hostile as if someone had provoked him. 
Upon seeing this, Sasha did not waste a second, quickly bringing him to the elevator. Not long after, the front desk receptionist received a notice of dismissal from the Human Resource Department.
The reason for her dismissal was because Ian didn’t like her! 
Sasha brought Ian to the president’s office on the highest floor. 
“Ahem… Little Ian, why don’t you go in on your own, hmm? I won’t be going with you. Your daddy is inside, so it wouldn’t be very appropriate for me to go in. Is that okay?” 
Sasha’s reluctance to see Sebastian had steadily increased all the way here. Standing right outside his office, she finally succumbed to it. 
Ian looked at her and agreed, “Okay!” 
Then, he obediently let go of her hand and made his way into the office. 
Sasha was stunned. 
No way. 
That was too easy. He really agreed? He’s usually very clingy. Why is he so obedient all of a sudden? 
Sasha was rather surprised that her son had agreed so readily, but at the same time, she was beyond delighted at how smoothly things went. She slowly turned around and tiptoed toward the elevator, hoping to quickly leave this place. 
“Sasha! Get in here!” 
However, her hopes were crushed when a voice boomed from inside the office. Suddenly, her whole body was frozen to the spot, as if held by an invisible force. 
How is that scum’s hearing so sharp? 
Like a meek little girl, Sasha obediently approached his office.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Hayes.” She let out an awkward laugh. 
Upon stepping into the office, her eyes were immediately drawn toward the man sitting behind the large desk. In the spacious and brightly illuminated office, sunlight poured in through the French windows, creating a halo around his figure. Right then, he looked like a king reigning over his kingdom in his throne, so noble and lofty no one dared to look at him directly. 
###Chapter 57
Chapter 57
Sasha subconsciously held her breath and immediately averted her gaze. 
“Come here, Ian.” 
Sebastian’s eyes did not immediately find Sasha when she came in. Instead, he asked his son to come over first, indicating that he would settle the scores with her later. 
Ian furrowed his brows and walked toward his father. 
“Where did you go today?” 
“Nowhere,” Ian answered indifferently. 
Sasha let out a long sigh of relief. 
Oh, thank God he didn’t say that we went to the amusement park. Otherwise, it would only make that man angrier. 
However, Sebastian didn’t believe Ian when he noticed all the sweat on the latter’s body. “Then why are you sweating so much? You’re even lying to me now?” 
Ian had no way to refute that. 
When Sasha realized that things were getting out of hand, she hurriedly stepped forward, forgetting about her own predicament. “Don’t blame him. It’s not his fault. We just… went out to play for a bit, but don’t worry, he won’t catch a cold. I bought a small towel for him and made sure to wipe off his sweat.” 
Afraid that he would blow up, she quickly added in the last sentence.
“Shut up!” the man snapped at her in return. 
He looked like he was a second away from biting her to death with that insidious look on his face. 
Sasha swallowed hard. 
Whatever. I’m not going to argue with this scum. 
Deep down, she knew that it seemed reckless to bring Ian out when he had recently fallen sick. 
However, his longing gaze at that time made her heart wrench painfully in her chest. As his mother, there was no way she could bring herself to refuse him. 
Besides, since she was a doctor, she had considered things from all aspects and allowed him to go only after she was certain that no harm would befall him. 
Luckily, Sebastian found nothing wrong with him after checking his son from top to bottom. Because he perspired quite a lot while playing at the amusement park, his cheeks were flushed a healthy shade of pink, making him glow slightly. 
Hence, Sebastian’s expression was no longer as grim. 
“Alright. Mr. Scott will take you up for a shower and get your clothes changed.” 
“Oh,” Ian agreed sulkily. 
Soon, Luke came in to take him to the lounge room upstairs. 
“Daddy,” Ian called out. 
Sebastian raised his brows in question. 
“Don’t scold her!” Ian sternly said.
Out of everyone’s expectations, Ian did not forget about Sasha before being led out of the office. 
Sasha, who was steeling herself to receive a tongue-lashing, instantly felt warmth spreading in her heart. “Little Ian…” 
“Don’t ‘Little Ian’ him anymore!” Sebastian snapped at her before turning to Luke. “And what are you waiting for? Take him upstairs now!” Already fuming, his anger seemed to skyrocket just then. 
Ungrateful little brat. Did he forget who raised him all these years? 
After Ian was taken away, silence blanketed the office, and Sasha knew that it was time to face the music. 
I don’t get it. Why is he so angry? 
All I did was take him out to play for a bit. 
Sasha decided to break the silence. “Okay, I apologize for what I did. I understand that it was quite inappropriate for me to take him out, but I did it because I saw something today, and I think you owe me an explanation, Sebastian.” 
“What did you say? I owe you an explanation?” 
Sebastian never thought that before he could reprimand her for what she did today, she would question him first. 
Sasha nodded. “Yeah, why doesn’t he like going to preschool? The weather’s quite good today, so I wanted to bring him for a walk in the garden. But the moment I suggested it, he became very agitated. Then, when I brought up playing with the kids in preschool, he got all riled up and started shouting. Sebastian, don’t you think you owe me an explanation for this? How did a healthy child become like this under your care?”
Silence ensued. 
Within a split second, the atmosphere turned almost suffocating. 
The sun was still shining brightly outside, its golden rays filtering through the windows. However, standing in the middle of the office, Sasha felt as if she was in the dead of winter, so cold that she shuddered involuntarily. 
What’s going on? 
Did I say something wrong? 
There was a gnawing sensation in her chest. 
“You want me to give you an explanation, is that it?” 
“Well… yes.” 
“Very well, Sasha. I will give you just that. He became like this because you abandoned him back then. Due to his premature birth, he was critically ill and couldn’t speak until he was two years old. He didn’t have a mother, so I was the one who raised him. He’s quiet and withdrawn because there has always been a void in his heart that only his mother could fill, causing him to constantly feel out of place and insecure wherever he goes. Is this good enough of an explanation for you?” 
Due to the anger coursing in his veins, Sebastian’s chiseled face grew cold, with sarcasm and hostility the only emotions lining his features. 
As he looked at her, a mocking chuckle escaped his lips, but that rich sound was like a knife stabbing into her heart. 
###Chapter 58
Chapter 58
What did he say? 
This is all my fault? 
Sasha was stunned with a buzzing sound in her ears. In an instant, her face drained of all color. 
She had never thought of this possibility. 
“What? Nothing to say? Weren’t you acting all righteous just a while ago, accusing me of not taking good care of your son? Why aren’t you saying anything now? Go ahead, ask me more. I promise that there’s a lot more you don’t know about.” 
Faced with her silence, Sebastian’s tone became harsher. His handsome face seemed to be the biggest mockery of all, and the sight of it seemed to twist the knife further into her heart, causing every cell in her body to scream in pain. 
Sasha squeezed her red-rimmed eyes shut, enduring the excruciating pain in her heart. 
“Yes, you’re right. All of this happened because I abandoned him. I admit that I have failed as a mother, but what about you, Sebastian? Are you completely innocent? If you hadn’t brought that woman home when my due date was approaching, would things have turned out this way?” she refuted. 
She believed that if she was at fault, then he as a father was to blame as well. 
Unexpectedly, as soon as she finished speaking, the man scoffed with disdain.
“Are you saying that it’s my fault? Have you forgotten that it was you who shamelessly wanted to marry me? If it wasn’t for you, would something like this have happened? How dare you pin the blame on me? All of this sh*t started because of you!” 
A deafening silence shrouded the entire office. 
The sun continued to shine brilliantly outside, which was a stark contrast to what Sasha was feeling. She felt as if there was a hole in her chest, allowing harsh winds to gush in and chill her to the bone. All that was left in there was her bleeding heart. 
The pain was so strong that gradually, her heart became numb to it. 
Why is this happening? 
Wasn’t what I suffered five years ago enough?” Why did I come here to humiliate myself again? 
Sasha’s bloodless lips slowly curved into a mirthless smile. 
“You’re right. I don’t have the right to talk to you about responsibility. I was the one who shamelessly married you back then, leading to everything that has happened up till now. It’s my fault, Sebastian. It’s all my fault. If I could turn back time, I’d rather jump off the building with my mother than cling onto you.” 
Her face had gone as white as a sheet. Even then, she looked at him with a smile on her face, one that was filled with regret, as she told him that if given a choice, she would rather die than meet him again. 
Sebastian’s mind went blank. 
He had never seen this look on her face, let alone heard her say such words. 
Why does she look like that?
There was once when she loved him deeply. Even when he showed up with Xandra five years ago and she collapsed in a pool of her own blood, her eyes still gleamed with sorrow and despair when she looked at him. 
But now, he couldn’t discern any emotion in them. 
She was like a desolate and barren land. Besides her pale complexion, her face showed nothing. 
Like a star winking out of existence, only emptiness remained. 
Sebastian squeezed the pen between his fingers. 
“Oh? Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand, you’re both still here. Umm… Ian is done with his shower, but he doesn’t want to wear his clothes. He wants… Ms. Wand to go upstairs.” 
Just when the temperature in the office seemed to have reached sub-zero, Luke pushed open the door and came in, saying that Ian didn’t want his help in dressing up. 
Sasha’s face was colorless and her heart had frozen in her chest, but when she heard that her son was looking for her, she regained some semblance of rationality. 
“Is something wrong with him?” 
“I’m… I’m not too sure either. He just doesn’t want to come out of the bathroom and keeps asking for you. Maybe his stomach is acting up again?” Luke made a guess. 
Upon hearing this, Sasha’s expression changed drastically. Not bothering to continue arguing with Sebastian, she immediately picked up her feet and left. 
At the end of the day, she was still a mother. No matter what she was going through, as soon as she heard that something had happened to her child, she locked away all her scars and rushed to find him.
Glancing at the man behind the desk who was staring after the woman, Luke heaved a long sigh. 
… 
Sasha reached the lounge room upstairs. 
Indeed, Ian had ordered Luke to go down and get his mommy because he knew that his daddy would never listen to him and bully his mommy. If Matteo were to find out about this, he would definitely be angry. 
Hence, Ian had asked Luke to go down. 
After the latter left, Ian took the opportunity to call Matteo using his smartwatch. 
“Hello? Ian, is that you?” 
###Chapter 59
Chapter 59
Matteo, who was in preschool at that time, had been wanting to give Ian a call. Ever since he heard from his mommy that morning that Ian had fallen ill, he had been feeling guilty and worried. He thought about calling Ian to ask how he was doing. 
Unfortunately, he did not have the courage to do so, for fear that this brother would not answer his call. 
Luckily, Ian called him first. 
Matteo was delighted. “Ian, I’m sorry. I didn’t know stopping Mommy from going to your place would cause you to fall sick. Are you okay? I really didn’t mean it. I got upset after seeing Daddy bullying Mommy, and I don’t ever want Mommy to be with a man like him. Ian, do you get me?” 
Matteo apologized to his twin over the phone. 
After listening to him, Ian paused momentarily before he nodded. “Yeah.” 
Matteo sounded grateful. “Thank God you understand! That’s great, Ian!” 
“But,” Ian had more things to say. “I want to see Mommy too. Matt, can you give Daddy another chance?” 
This was the first time he managed to form several sentences at once. The fact that his tone carried a hint of grief and desperation made it even rarer. 
Matteo was stunned. 
Give bad Daddy another chance?
Of course he wanted his daddy and mommy to be together. He also wanted to have a father by his side. That way, their family would be complete. But he knew that his daddy was a really nasty man. The other day, Matteo was bursting with anger when he saw him bullying his mommy. 
Matteo deliberated for quite some time on the phone. Nevertheless, Ian patiently waited for his reply on the other line. In the end, Matteo finally agreed to his request. 
“Okay, we’ll give him one more chance then. But remember, you must not let him bully Mommy again. Also, report to me if anything happens, do you understand?” 
“Alright!” 
Ian agreed as well before he hung up the phone with satisfaction. For the first time, there was a faint smile on his usually emotionless face. 
Sasha knew nothing about the little secret between her two sons. After she came upstairs and noticed that the bathroom lights were still on, she quickly composed her emotions. 
Warm light emitted from the gap of the closed bathroom door, and the silhouette of a small figure could be seen crouching on the floor in there. 
What’s he doing? Is he doing that because he doesn’t feel safe? 
Seeing him like this, Sasha’s heart wrenched in pain. She sprinted to the sofa and quickly retrieved a set of clothes for Ian to change into. She called out to him outside the door, “Little Ian? Little Ian? It’s me, Ms. Nancy. Can I come in?” 
“No!” 
At that moment, Ian was actually trying to put on his underwear in the bathroom. He was so nervous that beads of sweat were already trickling down his flushed cheeks.
He was not Matteo, who had been independent since he was much younger. Matteo did not require anyone to help him get dressed, among other basic tasks. On the other hand, Ian was the young master of a rich family whose daily routines had been taken care of since he was a baby. Hence, he was not accustomed to getting dressed on his own. 
Fortunately, after a little struggle, he finally managed to put on his underwear. He did not have to feel ashamed in front of his mommy anymore. 
Only then did he announce from the bathroom, “You can come in now.” 
Sasha had been waiting anxiously outside. This was the first time she had to personally help her eldest son get dressed. She actually felt both excited and blessed to be able to do so. 
Moreover, she was worried that he would be scared while he was inside. 
When Sasha was finally given the green light to enter, she quickly opened the door and burst into the bathroom, holding the stack of clothes in her hand. 
“Little Ian? You…” 
Surprisingly, after coming in, she found that her son had disappeared behind the shower curtain. Only the back of his head could be seen. 
What’s this kid doing? 
Suspicion glinted in Sasha’s eyes, and she hurried over to check on him. Standing behind Ian, she asked him gently, “Ian, is there something wrong? Why are you hiding?” 
Ian’s face stiffened. “You… don’t look!” 
Huh? Don’t look?
Sasha finally understood why Ian was behaving so strangely. As she stood there, with her previous confusion vanished, she could not help but chuckle, “So our Little Ian is actually quite shy. That’s alright. Do you see what I have here? I’ve brought you a big bath towel. We’ll wrap you up in this and then get you into some clothes. How does that sound?” 
Sasha waved the bath towel in front of the boy. 
Behind the shower curtain, Ian stayed quiet. 
Wrap my whole body? 
Eventually, his little head poked out from behind the curtain. His face had turned red because of the water vapor in the bathroom. His pair of dark, charming eyes resembled his father’s as they sparkled like that of a vigilant kitten. 
“Give it to me.” 
“Oh, alright, here you go!” Sasha then passed the bath towel to him. 
The experience she had as a mother came in handy. She had already foreseen the situation in the bathroom before coming in. 
And so, Ian came out of the bathroom wrapped in the big bath towel. Thanks to her quick thinking, Sasha successfully helped her son dress up for the first time. 
Additionally, she also found a good excuse to turn over the underwear he had put on wrongly in the bathroom. 
After Ian was properly dressed, both mother and son stepped out of the bathroom. 
“Little Ian, do you… want to stay here?”
Now that Ian was done with his shower, she thought about leaving again, refusing to stay in this place a moment longer. 
###Chapter 60
Chapter 60
However, instead of responding to her question, he went to the TV cabinet in the living room, where he rummaged for a large set of Lego blocks and began to play with them on his own. 
Sasha was stupefied by his actions. 
It’s like he’s telling me that he doesn’t want to go back. Now what? Do I… just leave him here? 
It should be fine if Ian did not want to return. This place seemed to be fully equipped with everything the boy needed, as though it was exclusively prepared for him. Furthermore, when she brought him here the last time she came over to deliver medicine, hadn’t he stayed with that man the whole afternoon? 
Hence, Sasha chose to let him be for now. She planned to head downstairs and inform Luke before going back. 
However, what irked her was that when she came down, not only was Luke not in the president’s office, but the man she loathed the most was also nowhere to be seen. 
Where did they go? 
She was getting agitated as she could not find Luke and did not know where he had gone to. What now? Should I go look for him again? 
Sasha’s frustration was building up. 
Right then, the phone on Sebastian’s desk rang. 
Ring, ring…
Sasha paused in her tracks for a moment, then turned to leave. 
It was impossible for her to be bothered with phone calls right now, especially when she did not even want to meet the owner of the office she was currently in or spare the man a glance. So why would she even care about his affairs? 
All of a sudden, a small figure appeared across from her, “Answer the phone!” 
“What?” 
Sasha whipped her head around, surprised to see her son, who seemed to have followed her without her knowing. 
Ian looked up at her. “Daddy’s phone calls are very important. We can go home after you answer it!” 
Still holding onto the Lego blocks, the boy stepped into the office. 
Sasha deliberated with herself. 
Fine, I’ll see who’s calling so that I can take him home after this. 
Sasha picked up the phone and greeted, “Hello.” 
“Hello!” 
Surprisingly, after the call got through, the caller on the other end spoke in Jetroinian. 
Arching her eyebrows, Sasha replied in fluent Jetroinian, “Good day, how can I help you?” 
When the other party heard that Sasha could also speak Jetroinian, they were quite pleased. Meanwhile, the little boy playing with Lego blocks in the room also turned to look at her. 
Wow, silly Mommy is so awesome!
“Good day, Mr. Hayes. I am Matsushima Oka, chairman of Nikkawa-Gen. I would like to inform you that I have received the acquisition contract issued by your company and that I agree to sell Nikkawa-Gen to the Hayes Corporation! “ 
The speaker was fluent in Jetroinian too. From the sound of it, he must be a native Jetroinian. 
When Sasha heard that, she grabbed a piece of paper and a pen to take notes. “Yes, sir. However, I am not Mr. Hayes. He has stepped out at the moment. Would you like me to leave a message for him?” 
Her patience was running thin. 
And so, Matsushima Oka started, “Alright, thank you, miss. Please deliver this message to him. I have a little request which I hope Mr. Hayes can agree to. You see, Nikkawa-Gen is a family business passed down from generation to generation in the Matsushima family, so I don’t want this family legacy to end like that. After Mr. Hayes’ acquisition, I’d like to use all the funds to buy some of the shares and become one of the new shareholders. Is that possible?” 
The scribbling stopped right then. 
Are all businessmen nowadays so shameless? It’s like someone asking to occupy a room of the house they’ve sold and share part of its ownership. 
Sasha sneered, “Mr. Matsushima, you have crossed the line with that request. Since you have decided to sell your company to the Hayes Corporation, there is no reason for us to make you one of the shareholders, no matter how we look at it. What’s the difference between this approach and looking to the Hayes Corporation for financing needs?” 
“What did you say?” 
The Jetroinian man did not expect that the request he made would be summed up by a regular employee so bluntly and accurately. In a split second, he got somewhat irritated.
Is the Hayes Corporation that great? So much so that even a regular employee knows so much about finance? 
“Did I say something wrong? You’re selling the company, and yet you intend to become one of the shareholders yourself. What is this if not financing? Let me tell you, if you really want to raise funds, you don’t need to seek out the Hayes Corporation. Sebastian Hayes is not an idiot. He won’t be fooled by you. You should take your GDP to Wall Street for a spin. Maybe get an analyst who’s willing to help you gain more bang for the buck. Do you hear me?” 
Sasha explained herself clearly, then hung up the phone! 
Ian was rendered speechless. 
Is Mommy scolding someone else? Has Mommy just ruined Daddy’s business? I guess it doesn’t matter since he bullied her first. Let this be his punishment then. 
The little boy withdrew his gaze from his mother and went on to play with the Lego blocks. 
Ten minutes later, Sasha left the company and returned home with Ian. 
About three o’clock in the afternoon, Sebastian finally returned to the company after ending a meeting with one of his clients. 
“Mr. Hayes, we have a problem. The chairman of the Jetroinian machinery company that we intended to acquire has promptly decided not to sell the firm to us. What should we do now?” 
Sebastian had just returned to the office when the company’s vice president, who was in charge of marketing, came looking for him while uttering cries of anguish. According to the vice president, the acquisition project that they had been working on for so many months was suddenly disrupted. 
Sebastian frowned. “Why’s that?”
The vice president was aggrieved. “I don’t really know. According to the staff at the Marketing Department, someone by the name of Matsushima personally called up our company. He originally proposed the possibility of becoming a shareholder after the acquisition. However, the person who answered the phone gave him a scolding and told him to take his GDP to a financial analyst on Wall Street. That way, he could perhaps gain more bang for the buck!” 
Sebastian sank into his thoughts. 
As he stood there, Sebastian pondered over the statement while he wiggled out of his suit jacket, his eyes twitching uncontrollably. 
Take their GDP to Wall Street? This is interesting… 
###Chapter 61
Chapter 61
Sebastian returned to his desk, lit a cigarette, and took a long puff. He then tapped on the desk with a slender finger, signaling the vice president to pass him the project document, which he proceeded to review then and there. 
Several minutes later, he finished reading the report and tossed the document onto his desk. 
“What’s the problem with what she said?” 
“Pardon me, sir?” 
Sebastian’s reaction was so different from his own, so much so that the vice president became baffled in an instant. 
Sebastian leveled an icy glare at him. “The chairman wants to sell his company, but then he wants to own it too. How is that different from a whore claiming that she’s still a virgin? Telling him to take his GDP to Wall Street is a relatively polite comeback, in my opinion. If I were the one who answered that call, I would have told him to set his bloody factory and himself on fire!” 
The vice president was certainly not expecting that. 
For a full five seconds, he stared blankly at the foul-mouthed president before him. He was so flummoxed that he had forgotten what he wanted to say. 
Is it really that serious? 
It was merely a matter of letting the old owner become the new shareholder. This had happened in other companies too. So why did it become such a major issue here?
The vice president could not understand what was on Sebastian’s mind. 
But if he had a deeper understanding of finance, he might get the gist of it. Allowing such behavior would be akin to approving the other party’s investment using alternate means. Due to their identity as the previous owner, according to the rules, they could have many rights as a shareholder after becoming one themselves. This was equivalent to putting old wine in a new bottle. Hence, what was the point of the acquisition in the first place? 
The vice president eventually left in a fluster. 
Luke came knocking after he heard about the incident. He was perplexed as to how such an employee existed in their company. Who is this haughty person who dared to bicker with a client so blatantly? 
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve talked to the Marketing Department. It wasn’t them, and they have no idea who it was either.” 
“Find that person. Whoever did it has a solid understanding of finance and could be helpful to the company,” Sebastian instructed after listening to Luke’s report. He then started burying himself in work. 
He might have a bad temper, but he would never spare a good talent whenever he came across one. 
Luke nodded and agreed to carry out the investigation. Just when he was about to leave, he incidentally spotted a piece of paper on his boss’ desk. The message on it was written in another language. 
“Oh. Mr. Hayes, what’s this?” 
Bewildered, he reached out and picked it up. 
Sebastian looked toward Luke when he heard a stir. 
Surprise crept up his face as well.
“Jetroinian? Mr. Hayes, I didn’t know you can write Jetroinian. At least, I haven’t seen you do it before. It looks neat! Wow, you’re really talented!” 
Luke was stunned when he realized that it was Jetroinian written on the scrap paper. He regarded his boss in amazement, unable to believe what he was seeing. 
Indeed, Sebastian had never written Jetroinian in the company. 
As a matter of fact, he knew the language. He just did not write it much because there was little need for it. Moreover, few companies demanded the Hayes Corporation to communicate in their language. 
So, exactly who scribbled these Jetroinian words on this piece of paper? More importantly, who had the guts to barge into my office? 
Sebastian took in the note with solemn eyes, only to find that the words were beautifully written indeed. The handwriting was graceful yet unmistakably firm, as free-flowing as nature intended. Even the Jetroinian translator recruited by the company could not write the letters as neatly. As for its content… 
“Nikkawa-Gen? Acquisition?” 
“What? Mr. Hayes, what do you mean?” 
Luke was instantly shocked when he heard those words. 
Isn’t this what they were just talking about? It actually happened in Mr. Hayes’ office! In that case, does that mean the call was received and answered here? Oh God! Who could it be? I most certainly wouldn’t do such a thing, and Mr. Hayes just returned to the company with me. Who else would dare to enter this office? 
This is the president’s office. Usually, other than Mr. Hayes and I, no one else would dare to enter without permission. Unless…
An utterly absurd idea suddenly emerged in his mind. He immediately turned to face the president and found that the man had the same reaction he had. Holding the note between his fingers, the president had stopped talking, but on his face hung a grave expression. 
He examined the note in his hand before his eyes flitted to the sofa at the other end of the room, where several Lego blocks could be found. Things were becoming increasingly strange indeed. 
How mortifying! 
… 
Meanwhile, Sasha had taken Ian back to Frontier Bay. 
Just as she expected, by the time she brought Ian back, Frederick was already long gone. Peace was once again restored to the villa. However, there was something odd about the place. Even the pesky housemaid Berta was nowhere to be seen. 
“Oh, are you wondering about Berta? Mr. Hayes thought she was getting old and seemed to be slacking in her work, so he dismissed her. I’m the new housemaid. You can call me Wendy.” 
The new housemaid seemed nice. Wendy noticed the doubtful look on Sasha’s face and actively explained the story behind her employment to Sasha. 
Berta has been dismissed? Just as well, I don’t like her very much. 
Sasha felt a little better. She decided to stay here and accompany Ian until it was time to fetch Matteo and Vivian from preschool. 
Although she hated this place and did not want to stay for a minute longer, Ian was her child, so as long as he was here, she would endure it no matter how uncomfortable she felt. 
Sasha stayed until about four o’clock in the afternoon. Then, she was ready to head back.
###Chapter 62
Chapter 62
“Little Ian, it’s getting late. I have to go now.” 
“Alright,” came a flat response from Ian, who was playing a game in the room. 
Sasha rose from her spot and proceeded to put on her socks, ready to leave. 
“So will you be coming tonight?” 
“What’s that?” 
“You said you would come over every night to treat Daddy’s illness.” 
Ian’s fingers did not stop tapping on the game controller while his eyes remained glued to the screen. With that listless demeanor of his, if Sasha had not been staying with the boy in the same room, she might have suspected that he wasn’t the one who said those words. 
Sasha lowered her eyes. For a moment there, she thought about telling him that she would not be coming that night. 
In fact, she would not be coming anymore. She didn’t want to treat his daddy’s illness again if she could help it. 
But as she stood there gazing at the boy’s little head and then at the medicine left on the table, she nodded in the end. 
“Yes, of course I’ll come. You should go to sleep after you put on your pajamas, understand? I will come to check on you as soon as I arrive, alright?”
The boy remained quiet. 
He felt embarrassed now that his secret had been discovered. 
But he nodded in the end before shifting his focus back to the game. 
Sasha left the house after that, feeling relieved. 
Half an hour later, at the preschool in Old Town. 
“Mommy, finally! There you are! I thought you don’t want us anymore.” 
Reaching the preschool at half-past four was not considered late. But as soon as she got there, her two little kids came running toward her. They leaped into her embrace and began to whine like the children they were. 
Well, Vivian did most of the whining. 
Matteo, on the other hand, just stood in front of his mother, carrying his schoolbag. 
Sasha instantly cracked a smile. She squatted down and took her two precious kids in her arms. “Now, why wouldn’t I want you two? There’s nothing I want in the world other than the two of you.” 
“Really?” 
Vivian was happy to hear that. She gave Sasha a tight hug and kissed her on the cheek. 
Meanwhile, Matteo merely hugged her. 
From that hug, the clever boy could sense that something was amiss about their mommy. Her smile seemed rather unnatural. 
Is it possible that… Mommy went there again today, and something happened?
Matteo’s beaming face immediately dimmed. 
After fetching her kids, Sasha brought them to the supermarket to get some groceries before going home. She had to prepare dinner for them, clean up after that and then make a trip to Frontier Bay, so there was no time to spare. 
At the thought of going back to that place, she started to feel upset again. 
“Matt, I’m going to make dinner. In the meantime, you and your sister should get your homework done, alright?” 
“Sure, Mommy.” 
Having said that, Matteo led his sister to the living room and took out their homework from their schoolbags. He spread out his sister’s homework, got out her pencil which had a butterfly figurine, and placed it nicely in front of her. After that, he whispered into her ear. 
“Vivi, I have to make a phone call. Do your homework here, alright? Cover for me and don’t let Mommy find out.” 
“Matt, who are you calling? Is it Ian?” 
The little girl’s pair of large eyes widened in anticipation. The way her eyelashes fluttered made her seem just so much cuter. 
Matteo nodded. “Yes. I realize that Mommy’s not in a good mood today, so I want to ask Ian if she’s been treated badly at his place again.” 
“Hmph! Bad Daddy! Alright, call him! If Daddy’s been bad again, then we’re kicking him out of this family!”
Vivian was definitely Mommy’s loyal fan. When she heard that Mommy was being bullied again, her chubby cheeks flushed red with rage as she flapped her little arms about. 
Matteo hurried to his room to call Ian. 
But before he could dial the number, there was already a text message waiting for him. He clicked on the message to realize that it was from Ian. 
Ian: Sorry, Matt. Mommy and Daddy were fighting again, but I’ve already punished Daddy. 
So they really got into a fight again! 
Matteo was enraged when he saw the message, so much so that he automatically ignored the word “punish.” 
Matteo: Mommy’s a person, not a thing. Do you think punishing Daddy is enough to settle this? If I beat you up and allow you to punish me after that, does that solve anything? It doesn’t! And there’ll surely be a next time! 
Ian did not reply after that. 
After a long while, when Matteo thought that he would not get another response from Ian, the screen lit up. 
Ian: Then, what do you suggest? 
Matteo: I won’t believe him again until he really repents his actions. 
Ian: So, you’re not letting Mommy come over tonight? 
Matteo: That’s right!
Silence fell again on the other end. 
Their interaction had come to a halt. This time, Matteo did not receive any more messages from Ian until Sasha finished making dinner. 
Is he mad? 
But there’s no other way around it. This is our mommy here. If we don’t love her, who will? Who else will protect her and treasure her? 
Matteo came out of the room, feeling upset. 
Right at that moment, Sasha stepped out of the kitchen with her freshly made food. She was stunned to see her son looking somewhat downcast, so she asked him, “What’s the matter? Matt, why the sudden long face?” 
###Chapter 63
Chapter 63
Matteo came to his senses and smiled at his mother. 
“It’s no big deal. A cartoon episode’s just ended. The bad guy’s always causing trouble, yet he’s not punished for it. It makes me so mad.” 
The little boy deliberately put on an angry expression. 
Sasha laughed when she heard that. “It’s okay, Matt. The bad guy will be punished eventually. You can find out what happens next when you watch the cartoon tomorrow. Alright now, let’s set the table and get ready for dinner.” 
“Sure, Mommy.” 
Matteo then went to set the table with his sister. 
At last, dinner was served. Sasha had prepared the kids’ favorites—homemade roll, fish and chips, and omelet, to name a few. Although there wasn’t much food, all of them were made with love. 
The minute Matteo sat down and picked up his cutlery, his thoughts drifted to that message, which he replied just a moment ago. 
Has Ian tasted any of these before? 
He felt unhappy again. 
Buzz… Buzz… 
“Hello. Who’s this?”
Sasha was not there to see Matteo’s reaction this time as she was still in the kitchen cleaning up and serving spaghetti for her kids. It was at that moment when her mobile phone suddenly rang. 
“Hi, Sasha! It’s me, Lucy. Are you free tonight? Your uncle isn’t feeling so well. If you have time, can you come over and have a look at him? I think your acupuncture worked on him last time.” 
Lucy had called. According to her, Jackson had fallen ill again. 
It was a chilly evening. With his physical condition, falling ill was quite expected. 
Sasha peeked at the time on her wristwatch and agreed, “Alright, I’ll come over after dinner.” 
Lucy was happy to hear that. “That’s wonderful. In that case, why don’t I go over to your place? I can babysit the kids. It’s getting late now, so it’s not advisable to leave them alone at home. What do you think?” 
“Sure, that’ll be great.” 
Sasha accepted Lucy’s offer. She then hung up the phone and quickly served the spaghetti on a large plate. 
“Matt, Vivi, I need to head over to your great-aunt’s house for a bit. Your great-uncle’s gotten sick again. I’m going to take a look at him. You two stay at home. Aunt Lucy will be coming over later, is that okay?” 
“Okay, Mommy.” 
Vivian, who had already begun to devour the food, quickly responded with childlike innocence. 
Matteo had no issue with the arrangement as well. 
If Mommy’s going to great-aunt’s house, then it’s not me who’s stopping her from going to Frontier Bay. If Ian asks about it later, I can tell him that it has nothing to do with me.
As the boy pondered the current situation, relief washed over him. 
After the three of them finished their dinner, Sasha fetched her medical kit and out the door she went. 
… 
At Royal Court One, Frontier Bay. 
Sebastian came back earlier than usual that night. It was about seven o’clock by the time he reached home. 
“Oh, Mr. Hayes. You’re early today.” 
Wendy was surprised by his early return. 
She was actually not a new housemaid hired from a random agency. Instead, she had been transferred from the Hayes residence to work in the villa. Before Sebastian moved out, she had been in charge of caring for him. 
So, after Berta was found to be the informant, she was dismissed from Royal Court One, and Sebastian subsequently had Wendy transferred here. 
Instead of responding to her, he put away his shoes, scanned the house, and asked her about Ian. 
“Oh, he’s upstairs. Mr. Hayes, you got back just in time. I don’t know what’s gotten into that kid. He got angry all of a sudden. I called him down for dinner, but he totally ignored me. When I went to knock on his door, I couldn’t hear a thing. Geez…” 
Once she started telling Sebastian about that child, Wendy grew more and more frustrated.
Ian could be difficult to deal with at times. His mood swings were unpredictable, and that was not the worst part. More importantly, sometimes he would refuse to talk to anyone, and whenever he got angry, he would lock himself in his room, shutting everyone out. 
But if he shut everyone out, how could anyone get through to him? 
Sebastian had just come in from the cold, and his body was just getting warmed up. When he heard about his son’s behavior, he immediately fell gloomy again. Gazing at the stairs leading to the upper level, where only silence greeted him, he proceeded to climb up the steps, one at a time. 
“Ian? Open the door. It’s Daddy!” 
The door to Ian’s room on the second floor was shut tight as expected. After Sebastian got up there, he repeated what he did the last time by trying to use his fingerprints to enter the room. 
Clearly, Ian had not forgotten about it, for the door was locked from the inside. 
What’s up with this kid today? Don’t tell me Sasha’s bothering him again. 
Sebastian was already exhausted after a day’s work and had no time for this. His knitted eyebrows added a hint of menace to his grim expression. “Ian, open the door this instant! If you don’t, I’m going to be very angry! And you know what happens when I’m angry! There’ll be serious consequences!” 
The room remained silent. 
Eventually, after he waited outside the boy’s room for about two minutes, a click sound came from inside the room; Ian had unlocked the door. 
With that, Sebastian gave the door a push. He wanted to have a proper heart-to-heart with his son to find out what had happened to him. 
“Ian?”
“Why don’t you ever keep your promises?” 
The kid, who stood in the middle of the room, was still in the same set of clothes he had worn during the day. The only difference was the expression on his face. 
###Chapter 64
Chapter 64
As Ian lifted his head to stare at Sebastian, the man actually saw traces of anger and resentment in his eyes. He had never seen his son like that before. 
Resentment? Does Ian resent me? Does he hate his own daddy? 
Sebastian’s temper finally rose at that thought. His face darkened as he loomed over his son. “What do you mean I don’t keep my promises? What did I do now?” 
“You scolded her!” 
“Who? Sasha? After all this time, you’re still defending her! Yes, I scolded her. What about it? Have I promised you that I won’t argue with her? Ian, have you forgotten that you’re my son? Have you forgotten that I was the one who raised you?” 
When Sebastian finally came to a realization, an overwhelming pang of jealousy exploded within him, and he couldn’t help but bellow at the child in a loud voice. 
Ian was utterly frightened! 
He had never seen his father so scary before. The boy’s face turned pale as tears began to flow out of his beady eyes that were still glaring at his daddy. 
“I hate you! I don’t ever want to see you again!” 
With as much strength as he could muster, he tossed the toy he had been holding in his hand at his father. Then, he darted to his bed, where he proceeded to wrap himself tightly in the blanket.
Sebastian was dumbfounded. 
It took some time for him to come to his senses. After that, he turned to look at the bundle on the bed, where a child’s whimpering could be heard. How he wished to slap himself in the face at that moment! 
Sebastian, what were you thinking? Are you crazy? How could you lose your temper in front of your son! He’s just a child! 
He took several steps forward and stood by the bedside as he contemplated his next move. Then, he leaned in and sat down next to the little bundle. “Ian, I’m sorry. I was wrong for losing my temper and yelling at you. More importantly, I shouldn’t have broken the promise I was supposed to keep. Can you forgive me?” 
There was no reply. 
The bundle did not budge. It seemed like the child was really hellbent on ignoring him. 
Sebastian could not help but feel an ounce of regret. 
Frankly, his son was never a crybaby to begin with. Perhaps because of his character or because Sebastian kept instilling in him what it meant to be a man, the boy rarely showed his vulnerable side in front of other people. 
He was like a precocious kid who matured too fast. At the age of five, the times he had cried could be counted using the fingers on one hand. 
However, the little boy was currently wrapped up in his blanket, crying his heart out. 
Sebastian was beyond guilty. He got increasingly frantic the longer Ian refused to come out of his fort. So, he decided to open up the blanket himself. “Ian, please come out. I promise you that I will never argue with… Ms. Nancy again, alright?”
Sebastian hoped his coaxing would work. 
Indeed, that seemed to satisfy the kid, for the crying gradually stopped. 
“Do you… really mean it?” 
Sure enough, the little guy lifted the blanket almost immediately. It was clear as day that, while he was hiding in there, tears had streamed down his face while snot ran down his nose, the sight of which completely upended his past image. 
Sebastian’s eyes twitched slightly as he took in his son’s face, but he suppressed his emotions. “Of course, I won’t quarrel with her for no reason anymore. We had a disagreement today because she took you out when you were still recovering from your illness. I was worried, so I merely reminded her what she shouldn’t have done.” 
Ian sniffled. His teary eyes had reddened like a rabbit’s. 
However, he did not shed any more tears. 
Sebastian took this as a sign that the boy had chosen to believe him, so he pulled him out from under the covers and into his arms. 
“Alright. Let’s get you washed up. It’s time for dinner.” 
“But she’s already mad.” 
“What?” 
When Ian blurted that out of nowhere, Sebastian was unable to make head or tails of what the boy meant. It was not until he found the little fellow standing by the bathtub, with his head drooping once again, that he realized what was going on.
Is he talking about his mother? What about her? Is she not coming over tonight? 
Right then, the hand that was testing the temperature of the water in the bathtub froze midair. A glint of grimness flashed across his eyes when he thought about the reason why he came home so early. 
… 
Sasha had to stay at her uncle’s house until it was close to ten at night. 
Jackson’s health problem was nothing new. Initially, his condition got better after Sasha treated him. Moments later, his daughter, Xenia, popped by. When she saw Sasha, she began to mock the doctor. 
And that was how Jackson lost his temper. 
As a result, his blood pressure rose, and Sasha had to stay back to look after him. 
“Sasha, you know, you don’t have to be so kind. He’s my father, not yours. It’s futile no matter how nice you are to him. There’s not much value to be squeezed out of him anymore.” 
Xenia struck a conversation, albeit with stinging mockery, when she noticed that Sasha was still treating Jackson’s illness despite the late hour. 
Sasha merely furrowed her brows, opting to ignore her. 
She had not seen Xenia in five years. Contrary to their relationship now, the two used to get along really well in the past. When they were children, Sasha used to visit the Wand family often to spend time with Xenia. She even requested her father to enroll her in Xenia’s school. They were not sisters by blood, but their relationship had been closer than that. 
###Chapter 65
Chapter 65
But since when had she become like this? 
Was it when the Wand family became bankrupt? Was it when Sasha had no choice but to stay with the Blackwoods for a year? Or was it when, in spite of Sasha’s family’s bankruptcy, Frederick let her marry his son? 
She had no idea. All she knew was that Xenia’s attitude towards her became unbearable after Sasha returned from the dead. 
“How is it, Uncle Jackson? Do you feel any better?” 
“Yes, much better. You should head home, Sasha. It’s getting late.” 
In no mood to listen to any more of his daughter’s constant nitpicking, Jackson wanted to send his niece away as soon as possible. 
Sasha nodded, packed up her medical kit, and wanted to leave. 
“Are you in such a rush because you’re going to meet that guy again? You really can’t teach an old dog new tricks, huh. You have already died once and come back to life, yet you’re still choosing to get involved with that man?” 
Xenia started scoffing again, her words were even more unpleasant than before. If anyone else witnessed her like this, they would never be able to tell that she had received the highest levels of education.
At the end of her tether, Sasha glared at her cousin. “Could you please watch your mouth? Since when I have gotten involved with that man?” 
“Watch my mouth? Do you think I don’t know that you’ve been going to Frontier Bay every day, and have been asking Mrs. Grint to look after your kids at night? Isn’t that because you went crawling back to him? Do you keep glancing at your watch because you’re late for your session with him? Go on, then! Rush off and go to him, you slut!” 
Sasha grew red in the face with anger. “You–” 
She never dreamed that Xenia would dare to say such horrible things. Since when did she become such a vile person? Is this still the Xenia I once knew? 
Sasha felt a raging fire grow inside of her, but tried to put it out for Uncle Jackson’s sake. 
“What are you talking about? I only go over to see my son, so don’t try to twist the truth.” 
“Your son? Do you think I’m stupid?” 
“That’s enough! Did you come back just to get into an argument, Xenia? If you’re going to keep this up, I want you to leave! You’re just making a fool of yourself!” Jackson interrupted, standing up from his chair and scolding Xenia loudly. 
Xenia bristled like a cat that had just been splashed with cold water. 
“I’m making a fool of myself? Jackson Blackwood, are you blind? Who’s the real black sheep here? She was the one who made a huge fuss about wanting to marry that man. Then, she was kicked out of the house a year later while pregnant, making us a laughing stock! We didn’t even dare to show our faces in public for five years because of her, and you’re calling me the fool?”
Screaming her head off, Xenia scowled venomously at Sasha as if wishing she could personally chop her up into a hundred tiny pieces. 
All the blood drained from Sasha’s face. 
That hit a nerve. 
Even today, she still felt tremendously guilty for dragging the Blackwood family into her mess all those years ago. It was exactly this feeling of guilt that usually held her back from retaliating, always taking whatever Xenia said in stride. 
Sasha’s fingernails dug crescent-shaped indents into her palm. 
Fortunately, Sharon happened to exit her room right before Sasha was about to unleash all her frustration on Xenia. 
“Xenia, what are you doing? Have you lost your mind? Who said you could shout at your father like that?” Sharon reprimanded loudly. Only then did Xenia finally shut up. 
Breathing a small sigh of relief, Sasha’s grip loosened. 
“Aunt Sharon…” 
“That goes for you too. Next time, don’t come over without a valid reason. This house isn’t a boxing venue.” 
Sasha lowered her head and nodded, not wanting to upset Sharon further. 
Sasha didn’t blame Sharon for her reaction. After all, she was the one who was indebted to this family. Regardless of whatever they said or did to her, she would always forgive them for it.
But she was taken aback when Sharon followed up her previous statement by saying, “Xenia may have sounded a little harsh, but some of what she said was true. You were already hurt once by that Sebastian man, so you should learn your lesson and not go back to him again. Once bitten twice shy. Learn to have self-worth, understand?” 
Sasha felt the knife that was already deep in her chest twist into its wound a little more. She started clenching her hands by her sides. 
I’m not going back to Sebastian. I know my self-worth. I’m only getting involved with him now because he has my son that I left behind! 
Soon, her vision started blurring, she held back the well of indignant emotions as she walked out of the house. With the cool breeze and light rain of the night caressing her face, she made her way to a bus stop where her legs finally gave out. 
Sitting on her haunches, the dam of tears broke. 
###Chapter 66
Chapter 66
Sasha wasn’t sure how long she squatted there crying at the bus stop, but at some point, the light rain had turned into a downpour and drenched her completely. Spotting her, someone quickly approached. 
“Miss, are you alright? It’s so cold out here, and it’s raining too. Don’t you want to go home?” 
At the sound of the stranger’s voice, Sasha slowly raised her head which she was resting on her knees. 
The stranger was a middle-aged woman in her forties, wearing a thick, padded-down jacket that had lint at the hems. Even from a distance away, Sasha could tell smell the odor of oil and smoke coming off the woman. 
She had to be a stay-at-home mother or housewife. 
Shaking her head, Sasha sniffled. “I’m fine.” 
“Then, you should hurry back home. There’s probably someone waiting for you, right? Did you miss the bus? I’m telling you, young lady, there are no buses that come around here at this time. I’ll help you wave down a taxi,” the woman offered kindly. 
“There’s really no need…” Sasha hurriedly shook her head, waving her hands in front of her. 
The woman seemed to notice the sadness on Sasha’s face, she sighed as she offered some words of advice. “You look like you’ve been through a lot, kiddo. It’s alright. You’ll always run into problems in life, but the most important thing is that you get back up and face them head-on. Think of the people who loves you and waiting for you, alright?”
Sasha’s mind blanked. 
The people who is waiting for me? 
How could I have forgotten? There’s someone waiting for me. Even if my parents are gone and I’m estranged from my relatives, I have my kids waiting for me back home! There’s no one who needs me more than them! 
Sasha placed a hand on the floor to push herself upright, stumbling slightly as if having woken up from a deep slumber. “I understand now. Thank you, ma’am.” 
“That’s good. Hurry along, then.” 
The middle-aged woman smiled, shifted the bags in her arms, and started hurrying back to her own home. 
Sasha’s lips were already blue from the cold as she stuck a trembling arm out, waiting for a taxi to notice her. 
I have to get to my son. He’s waiting for me. 
It was getting late. 
The rain grew heavier with every passing moment, and Sasha didn’t feel any warmer even though the taxi’s heater was turned on. Pulling her clothes tighter around her, she tried to look for something to dry off her damp hair. It was only then did she realize that she’d left the house in such a rush, the only thing on her right now was her medical kit. 
Never mind. 
I wonder if Ian’s already asleep by now?
Staring out of the window, she couldn’t help but worry. 
Fortunately, due to the late hour, there wasn’t a lot of traffic on the road. The drive to Frontier Bay was only twenty minutes. 
“Miss, we’re here.” 
The driver had never been to this famous residential area full of rich people before, so he couldn’t help but take a good look at Sasha through the rearview mirror. 
Not only did the sight of her bedraggled appearance let him down, she even had to scrounge up money for the taxi fare. 
Sasha got down from the taxi. Turning towards the mansion, she saw that it was completely dark except for a few lamps lighting up the garden. 
Does that mean Little Ian is already asleep? 
Standing outside with only an umbrella above her head, she considered walking away. 
She’d only insisted on coming here at such a late hour because she’d promised Ian that she would come and visit him at night. If she didn’t show up, he might refuse to sleep and wait up in his bedroom in thin pajamas, just like before. 
Then, he ended up getting sick. 
What about now? 
Sasha stared at the mansion for a long while, making sure that there were no signs of life before finally mustering up the courage to walk away.
“Dr. Wand? Dr. Wand!” 
Someone suddenly called out to her. 
Who is that? 
Sasha whipped around, staring curiously at the person. “Wendy? Is that you? Why aren’t you asleep yet?” 
“Oh, I am waiting up for you! Thank goodness you made it.” 
Wendy was out of breath and wet from the rain as she ran out of the house, but there was also a bright smile on her face like she’d just completed a mission of sorts. 
Is Little Ian really still awake? 
Her heart leaping into her throat, Sasha followed Wendy in without another word. 
The two of them entered the mansion. Sasha quickly noticed that the downstairs living room was still brightly lit, but the rest of the house was empty, with no sign of Ian to be found. 
Where is he? 
Turning towards Wendy, Sasha asked, “Where’s the kid?” 
###Chapter 67
Chapter 67
“Huh? The kid? Do you mean Ian? He’s asleep, why?” 
Wendy was busy looking for a dry towel, having noticed Sasha’s soaked hair and clothes and afraid that she was going to catch a cold. 
Sasha blinked owlishly. 
Ian is asleep? 
Then, why is Wendy still waiting up for me…? 
“Found it! Dr. Wand, please dry yourself off with this first. I’ll make some chicken soup for you before you go off to the third floor.” 
“The third floor?” 
“Yes. You came here to do acupuncture on Mr. Hayes, didn’t you? I think he’s still awake, although I haven’t seen him come out of the study since he first went in. You should hurry up and see him before he goes to sleep, and then you can go home early too,” Wendy explained as she handed Sasha the towel, ushering her up the stairs. 
Sasha just remained quiet. 
Wendy had merely made her own choice to wait up for her. Maybe it was Berta who, before leaving, had told her that Sasha would come over every night to provide medical care for that scum. 
Should I go up?
Sasha didn’t want to budge an inch, feeling especially drained when she recalled how they’d fought in his office that morning. 
Other than disgust, she realized that she could find no word to describe her emotions towards him. 
“Dr. Wand?” 
“Okay,” Sasha sighed. 
After all, she had promised her son that she would help to treat his Daddy. 
Sasha trudged up the stairs with heavy footsteps. 
On the third floor. 
in fact, Sebastian was still awake and currently having a video conference with some of the higher-ups from his company. 
It was the middle of the night. If Sebastian chose to have this kind of video conference at this ungodly hour while he was still sick, his colleagues would understand. After all, he had to share the pain of not being able to sleep at night with someone, even if it meant torturing his subordinates. 
But he was apparently receiving treatment for his illness, and the treatment was effective! 
So why is he still doing this? 
Doesn’t he think that he’s being too unreasonable? 
“Uh… Mr. Hayes, my son is crying, may I go feed him?” 
Having had to sit through the meeting for two hours straight, one of the higher-ups finally couldn’t take it anymore and bravely raised a hand up in front of the camera.
The meeting instantly went quiet. 
On the other side of the computer, Sebastian’s expression darkened. 
“You’re not a woman. Why do you need to feed your child?” 
“It’s not that, Mr. Hayes. My wife has been carrying my son and trying to get him to feed him for two hours, but she has not eaten anything. So nothing is coming out and I need to try and feed him some formula milk.” 
There was a full five seconds of silence before Sebastian growled out, “Scram!” 
The new father happily left the meeting as ordered. 
Almost instantly, everyone else started following suit, their eyes sparkled with hope as they started to speak up. “Mr. Hayes, may I go take a shower?” 
“Mr. Hayes, I’d like to leave for a second. My wife has been calling for me and complaining that she’s cold. Can I go warm the bed for her?” 
Just as everyone thought their boss was going to start breathing fire through the screen like a dragon, they heard a knock through Sebastian’s video camera. 
“Sebastian Hayes? Are you there?” 
What? 
“Sebastian Hayes”? 
Who dares talk to Mr. Hayes like that? And to call him by his full name, too? Who is that? Not even the boss’ future wife, Xandra is that casual with him.
So who could it be…? 
Everyone’s eyes widened, completely forgetting the racket they had caused. 
Unfortunately for them, Sebastian immediately slammed the laptop shut in the next second. 
Sasha, standing outside his door, had planned on knocking once and then leaving if there was no immediate response from him. 
It was already hard enough for her to come this far. 
But she didn’t expect to instantly hear the sound of a chair being scraped against the floor, followed by the door opening from the inside. 
A warm light illuminated Sebastian from behind, and she could see cream-colored walls and wooden furniture when she looked past him. The study was clearly designed with a warm-toned palette in mind, completely different from the rest of the house. 
He was also wearing comfortable, casual clothing that contrasted starkly with his usual cold and stern demeanor. 
“I’m here to help with your acupuncture treatments. Since you’re not asleep yet, we should get it over with as soon as possible.” 
Sasha avoided looking at him, her tone was cold and hollow as if talking to a stranger. She was just doing her job as a doctor, and he was just her patient. 
Sebastian’s mood worsened at the sight of her expression. 
###Chapter 68
Chapter 68
“What happened to you?” 
Sebastian’s gaze swept over her wet hair and rumpled clothes. 
Sasha was still wearing the same clothes from when she went to his office in the afternoon. They weren’t particularly special clothes, but at the very least they were clean and dry. 
Was she robbed or something? Why does she look like this? 
And what’s wrong with her face? 
Sebastian looked at her closely with a more critical gaze. Her appearance was rather presentable. Although she wasn’t as pretty as Xandra, her features were still fairly attractive in their own right. Her eyes stood out especially, looking bright and clear like jewels sparkling under the moonlight. 
But now, those eyes were swollen and red. What happened? 
“It’s nothing. The wind was really strong when I was coming in,” Sasha explained curtly. 
She didn’t stop to consider if his question was out of concern for her. After all, why would he be? What a joke! He was probably just scared that she might lose control of her emotions again and disturb his work, or something else along those lines. 
Brushing a stray lock of hair aside, she asked impatiently, “Have you decided where you want to be while you I perform the procedure on you?”
He felt a flash of anger at the woman’s ignorance but decided to show no sign of it as he left the study without another word. 
Sasha following behind him. 
Two minutes later, they arrived at a large bedroom decorated entirely in monochrome colors. As they walked in, Sebastian picked up a remote control and turned on the heater. 
Sasha suddenly did a double take. 
Is this his bedroom? 
She instantly grew uneasy and disgusted, remembering that another woman used to sleep in this very room. 
But what puzzled her was that when Sebastian went to the closet to take a blanket, Sasha only saw rows of men’s shirts and suits. She didn’t seem to spot a single piece of female clothing. 
Huh? 
As she tried to take another look, a white towel was suddenly flung in her direction. 
“I don’t have any women’s clothes, so dry your hair off with this.” Pausing for a moment, Sebastian seemed to realize that his gesture seemed a little too caring for his taste. “Don’t fall sick and pass it on to the kids!” 
Sasha stood unmoving for a moment before finally placing the towel over her head, and slowly drying her hair. 
She knew that people were more prone to fall sick after standing in the rain, especially during this time of the year. Even though she escaped death a few years ago, she had given birth to three premature
babies at once. As a result, her health was already severely compromised, and her body might not be able to handle a simple illness. 
So, she wasn’t really in a position to refuse him. 
With the rising temperature in the room and her hair finally dried, Sasha felt much more comfortable. She picked up her medical kit and walked towards Sebastian, who was lying on the sofa. 
“Have you slept today?” 
“No.” 
“What about your medication?” 
“I have taken it…” 
Just like a normal conversation between a doctor and a patient. 
Holding her hand out, Sasha said, “Your arm, please. I need to check your pulse.” 
He turned his head slightly to stare at her outstretched hand. Her slim, pale fingers were slightly red at the joints. After a long while, he finally stretched his arm out. 
This was a very strange feeling. 
He still saw her as the nineteen-year-old girl he married several years ago. Back then, as soon as she first set eyes on him, she’d stumbled all over herself and was too shy to even look him in the eye. 
Since when did she become so… cold? 
As she gripped his arm, Sebastian couldn’t sense a single trace of the fear and nervousness she once had.
“When did you learn to do all this?” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s eyes darted towards him, still focused on taking his pulse. 
“Do you mean this?” 
“Yes. I remember that you didn’t study medicine. How do you know how to do all this?” 
Sebastian’s gaze fell on his wrist. There was still a hint of leftover coolness on his skin from where Sasha had taken his pulse. It wasn’t a large area nor very cold, but there was a little sensation on the small spot of flesh. 
“Have you forgotten that I come from a family of doctors? My mom studied under my grandfather ever since she was young. Then, she inherited his legacy after she grew up. If she hadn’t married my father, she would likely be set to inherit the Blackwood family business right now,” Sasha told him, her tone slightly sour as she pulled out a long needle from her kit. 
Sebastian coughed awkwardly. 
He had, indeed, forgotten that her Uncle Jackson and his family were running a healthcare business. 
###Chapter 69
Chapter 69
Unfortunately, Jackson was not interested in the family business at all. Hence, the once successful Blackwood family company was slowly declining under his management. If it weren’t for the intervention of his wife, Sharon, there was no telling what the company would look like now. 
Sebastian decided to stop prying into Sasha’s life and just wait for her to finish the procedure. 
“Ugh…” 
Almost immediately, there was a flash of pain that struck his head, quickly followed by a numb sensation spreading all the way down his body. 
Sasha gave him a cold sidelong glance. “Bear with it!” 
Damned woman. I never said I couldn’t take it. 
A few needles later, the painful throbbing in his head subsided considerably. 
Finally feeling at ease, Sebastian’s mood lightened and he continued to ask her questions. “Besides this, what have you been doing while you were out of the country in the past few years? I mean academic achievement.” 
“Academic achievement?” Sasha chuckled dryly. “Mr. Hayes, I’ve been solely focused on surviving for the past few years. I wasn’t on vacation, nor did I have time to pursue an academic degree.” 
“So you’re telling me that after failing the university entrance exam all those years ago, you never resumed studying after leaving the country?”
“Yep, I never continued studying. My education level is still at the high school level. So what about it? Do you regret letting me into your fancy, schmancy house? And you even let me treat your illness.” Sasha retorted, her tone was sharp and defensive as she set down the needle. 
She hadn’t studied once in the past five years. 
She barely had the time to do so while taking care of two babies. Of course, her top priority when bringing her children to a foreign land would be surviving. Where would she find the time to study? 
This man would never understand all the pain and the suffering she had to go through for those five years. 
Besides, she gave up on her academic career not because she didn’t pass the university entrance test, but because she wanted to marry him! 
She’d secretly tore up her acceptance letter to Yartran’s most famous School of Economics, as well as the full scholarship that she had rightfully earned. 
The needle in Sasha’s hand was nearly bent from how strongly she was gripping it. 
Sebastian didn’t think she would get so worked up over the subject. He’d only asked her some questions in order to confirm something. But why did she lose her temper all of a sudden? Does she blame me for not getting into university? 
What a crazy woman! 
Sebastian’s expression clouded over and he stopped talking. 
But he didn’t need to continue with his questions. Unbeknownst to him, Sasha would soon leave behind a piece of paper that she’d written his prescription on, and her handwriting on the paper would match the Jetroinian handwriting on the paper she’d left at his office during the daytime.
What else is this woman hiding from me? 
Sebastian slowly grew dizzier with every passing moment. 
Sasha was still agitated from all the quarrels she’d been through that day. She quickly set down the written prescription on a table and packed up her bag to leave. 
She’d had enough of this hellish place and never wanted to come back. 
But just as she was getting up, Sebastian suddenly opened his mouth and said, “Your request about letting Ian go to preschool. If you can find a way, I’ll let you try it out.” 
Huh? 
Sasha stopped in her tracks. 
She would always grow soft as soon as her children were involved. It didn’t matter how indignant she felt, or how much pain she was in. 
“Are you… serious?” 
“Yes, but you need to keep me updated on what exactly you are planning to do! Ian has already expressed that he’s against the idea. If you use any inappropriate methods and end up hurting him, then you can never see him again!” 
Due to the treatment, he was slowly starting to trip over his words as he lay there with his eyes closed. 
“Don’t worry, I won’t. I’m a doctor, so I understand that at the very least,” she instantly reassured. 
She was trying to remain as calm as possible, but if one listened closely, they would be able to hear that the underlying hatred and impatience that was in her voice earlier was no longer present.
Now, she was clearly more energized. 
Sebastian let out a huff, then finally drifted off to sleep. 
Sasha’s mind blanked out. After her constant state of distress throughout the night, her brain needed some time to catch up with the happiness of the sudden surprise. 
It took her nearly a minute to process the new information before jumping up from the stool and giddily twirling around in circles. 
“I’m so happy, Little Ian! Mommy gets to bring you to preschool now!” 
A genuine smile appeared on Sasha’s face for the first time that entire day. Even though she was still tired and fatigued, relief overwhelmed her as if she had finally grabbed ahold of a floatation device after having drifted at sea for hours. 
Sometimes, a mother’s happiness was just that simple. 
###Chapter 70
Chapter 70
Sasha went back home in high spirits. 
Due to the late hour, her two children were already asleep when she arrived. She went into the nursery to give them both a kiss and then went to take a shower. 
It was a quiet night. 
The next morning, Sasha was woken up by a commotion outside her room. 
“What about Mommy?” 
“Shh, Mommy’s not awake yet. She must have come home very late last night. Go get dressed quickly, I’ll cook some eggs for you.” 
Those were the voices of her two children. 
Sasha’s eyes open immediately and she bolted out of bed and rushed out, yelling, “Matt, don’t touch the stove! It’s too dangerous! Mommy will do it!” 
Even though her son was quite independent and responsible for his age, he was only five years old. She couldn’t let him attempt to operate a stove of all things. 
Thankfully, both kids had yet to start doing anything. 
With that, Sasha started rushing about cooking breakfast and making sure her kids were well-fed. Suddenly, she remembered that Ian also had to go to preschool starting today. 
“Come on, sweeties. Let’s go to school quickly,” she told them, hurrying them out the door.
“Okay,” they replied. 
But Matteo wanted to ask her if she went to Frontier Bay yesterday. 
He had texted Ian using his smartwatch yesterday after she left, but that boy didn’t even reply to any single one of his messages! 
Is he really mad at me? 
Matteo was a little worried. 
About ten minutes later, the two kids arrived at their preschool. 
“Bye, sweeties! Mommy will come earlier in the afternoon to pick you up!” 
“Okay, Mommy!” Her two children obediently waved her goodbye. 
But once she was out of sight, the two of them went to find a corner in the preschool to hide in. 
“Matt, look! Mommy’s here!” Vivian cried out. 
She had sharp eyes, and she spotted Sasha’s signal tracker pop up on the screen of Matteo’s tablet as soon as she sat down. 
Matteo found the signal too and stared silently at it until it eventually stopped moving. 
“Frontier Bay? Mommy went there again?” 
“Huh? Isn’t that where mean Daddy lives? Why did Mommy go there? Isn’t she scared that Daddy will bully her again?” 
Vivian’s chubby face scrunched up with worry as soon as she heard her brother’s words.
Matteo’s eyebrows were also furrowed. 
He had no idea what had been going on for the past two days, and Ian refused to reply to his texts. 
Should I go over and take a look for myself? 
The idea planted itself in the little boy’s mind… 
Sasha rushed all the way to Frontier Bay. 
Unfortunately, it was already past nine o’clock when she arrived. To make things worse, Sebastian hadn’t left for work yet. He sat on a chair in front of the main entrance with his legs crossed as if he was waiting for her specifically. 
Slightly apprehensive and out of breath, Sasha approached him. “You… You haven’t gone to work yet?” 
“Can’t you see that I’m waiting for you?” 
Those words that came out of his mouth were cold and hostile. 
“I… I’m sorry. There were just too many cars on the road and I got stuck in the morning traffic. I had to wait for a long time before I could get a taxi. The road on the way here was jammed as well…” she explained, panicking. 
She really hoped that she hadn’t thrown a wrench into their plans after Sebastian had finally agreed to let Ian go to preschool. 
But Sebastian refused to listen to her explanation, uncrossing his legs and standing up straight to tower over her. “You’ve lost your chance, Sasha! You can’t even be punctual! How am I supposed to trust you to resolve our kid’s problems?”
###Chapter 71
Chapter 71
He turned and walked away with a dour expression on his face. 
Sasha dashed over anxiously with the intention of explaining to him. However, a loud ‘bang’ sounded out from inside the villa in the next moment. 
What happened? 
Her eyes immediately darted to the man. 
She saw that his expression had changed, and he briskly marched over to the door. “What are you doing, Ian? Open the door now!” 
Oh my god, it’s Little Ian! 
Sasha’s heart started pounding at a breakneck pace as she started to run. 
When she reached the second floor, she saw that there was already someone there. A woman was knocking on the closed door of the nursery and pleading, “Please come out, Ian. We won’t take you to preschool. Please don’t lock yourself in there and come out, okay?” 
It was Wendy. 
It turned out that the child had started throwing a tantrum from the moment that he heard Wendy say that he had to go to preschool that day. He pushed her away while she was trying to dress him and violently slammed the door shut. 
What to do now?
Once Sasha understood the situation, she started to panic. 
Frankly, she had anticipated something like this happening yesterday. 
Which was why she had planned on keeping it a secret from the child till she had a chance to coax him slowly. 
He had formed a deep trauma associated with preschool. She needed to talk things through with him and convince him to let down his guard in order for him to go back to school. 
However, she did not expect to turn up late. Now, everything was ruined. 
“Be a good boy, Ian. Open the door. Daddy has something to say to you.” 
Sebastian had also arrived at the door. He suppressed the rage within him and coaxed the child in a very gentle tone. 
They were soon disappointed to realize that there was no reply from the other side of the door. The only sound was a constant banging. Who knew what the child was doing? They were all extremely worried. 
Sebastian’s expression grew darker. 
The vein in his temple was throbbing. He reached out his hand and was about to forcefully break the door open. 
“No!” 
Sasha quickly stopped him. 
“You can’t go in like that. He’ll only get even madder. We have to try another method, one that’ll be easier for him to accept,” she explained as she used her body to block his access to the door.
Sebastian remembered how he had forced his way inside the last time. The child was even more provoked and his tantrum became worse. 
“Do you know what to do?” 
“I’ll try…” 
Sasha could not see his expression and had no choice but to utter her reply through gritted teeth. 
“Little Ian, this is Ms. Nancy. I’m sorry. We shouldn’t have decided to take you to preschool without asking you first. I’m sorry.” 
She stood outside the door and used her most gentle voice in an attempt to coax the child. She used to do this for her other two babies as well. 
Her heart sank when no reply followed once again. The banging continued. 
Sebastian sneered, “Is this the method you were talking about?’ 
She pretended not to hear him as she pressed her ear to the door and continued trying to talk to the child. “Little Ian, we can undo the decision. If you don’t want to go, I’ll come here every day to play with you from now on, okay? It’ll be just like yesterday. We’ll go to many fun places, places where you’ve never been. We’ll go see mountains, the sea, and other beautiful sceneries, okay?” 
Sebastian’s vein continued to twitch. 
Is this woman insane? 
When did I undo my decision?
Isn’t she the one who’s been pestering me to send him to preschool? What is she doing now? Mountains? The sea? Is she having a stroke? 
However, once the last word fell from Sasha’s lips, the banging slowly stopped. 
Shortly after, the soft pattering of a child’s footsteps grew louder. There was the sound of the lock unlatching and the tightly shut door was finally open. 
“Are you telling the truth?” 
“Of course, it’s the truth. When have I ever lied to you? I’ll go anywhere with you. When I was making this decision with your Daddy last night, I was already thinking that I’ll go with you to the preschool if you’re scared. I won’t leave your side for even one second!” 
Sasha squatted and pulled the child into her embrace. 
She gazed kindly upon him. He was sweating profusely after smashing things in the room. She gently helped him to wipe the beads of sweat away. 
Sebastian was dumbfounded. 
The stick and carrot approach? 
It looks like she’s not stupid, after all. 
Sebastian was stunned. He never expected Sasha to bring up the preschool again after Ian came out. But, the moment that she said she would accompany him anywhere, even to the preschool, his resentment-filled eyes softened. 
###Chapter 72
Chapter 72
In the end, Ian agreed to go to preschool. 
Sasha was delighted. She immediately started packing his bag and dressed him up smartly. The pair strolled out of the door hand in hand and drove away in the minivan. 
Luke had arrived to fetch Sebastian. He glanced at the high-and-mighty Sebastian who had just stepped out. 
“Mr. Hayes, do you really trust her to take Ian to preschool?” 
“What’s the issue?” 
“Nothing. I just can’t believe it. Even you have trouble handling Ian. Is Ms. Wand really up to it?” 
Luke quickly shook his head to indicate that he had no issue and was only doubtful of the woman’s capabilities. 
Surprisingly, Sebastian who had always given that woman the cold shoulder did not have much of a reaction. His gait was relaxed as he climbed into the car. 
Luke was speechless. 
Forget it. I won’t ask anymore. 
Luke hastily rushed over and climbed into the car as well. 
Just as he was about to start the car’s engine, Sebastian, who had been leafing through a document ordered, “Look into what Sasha has been doing overseas the past five years.”
“Huh? What do you mean?” Luke looked towards the rearview mirror. 
“I want to know everything about her, including what she does in this country!” 
Sebastian kept his eyes trained on the document. His piercing obsidian eyes obscured his true feelings. However, his tone was cold and he was more serious than ever. 
He finally wanted to know more about his ex-wife after five years. 
Technically, they were not divorced. He was ‘widowed’, which meant that he wanted to look into his ‘deceased wife’. 
Luke sighed and started the car. 
This was the first time Sasha had seen such a luxurious preschool. 
Holy crap, is this really a preschool? Is this an elite academy? Look at the beautiful buildings and the sprawling field. It might as well be a park. 
If not for the small carrot on the school gate, I would be convinced that I’m in a high-end university. 
Compared to this place, Matt and Vivian were attending a slum of a preschool. 
Sadness pricked Sasha. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing. Your preschool is so beautiful. Let me take you to your teacher.” 
Sasha composed herself and led the child to the entrance of the school. 
“Isn’t this Ian? I’m surprised to see you at school today.”
The teacher in charge of greeting the children was shocked to see Ian. 
Ian immediately retreated behind his mother. 
Sasha hugged him tightly. 
“Yes. Ian wasn’t feeling well for a while and couldn’t come. He’s better now, so here he is.” 
“Oh, he wasn’t well? I thought he wasn’t coming anymore.” 
The teacher clearly did not believe Sasha when she saw her and Ian. 
Forget it. I won’t start a row with her. 
Sasha held Ian’s hand. “Excuse me, but can I take him in? He still isn’t feeling his best and I just want to let his teacher know.” 
“Of course not. Is this your first time at the preschool? Don’t you know the rules here?” 
“I just…” 
“Ma’am, our teachers are famous globally. Do you know how many parents in the city rack their brains trying to find a way to send their child here? How dare you doubt that our teachers won’t be able to properly care for your child? You can leave if you want!” 
The teacher’s extremely rude outburst angered Sasha. She debated whether she should allow Ian to go in or take him home. 
What kind of preschool is this? 
She’s so arrogant!
Sasha had no choice but to allow Ian to go in on his own. 
She had no idea how amazing this preschool was. The children that were chosen for enrolment based on their family background. If they were not of a certain standard, they would be promptly rejected. 
When they registered Ian, Sebastian did not allow Ian’s identity to be revealed. Hence, Ian was somewhat of a pariah. 
###Chapter 73
Chapter 73
Sasha watched as Ian went in. 
Before he left her, she assured him, “Don’t worry, Little Ian. I’ll be right outside waiting for you. I won’t go anywhere. When you finish school at noon, we’ll go have lunch together, okay?” 
“Okay…” 
The highly reluctant Ian finally acquiesced. 
Perhaps it was because the time he needed to spend inside was short, or because Sasha was waiting for him outside, but Ian felt comforted. 
Then, Sasha left. 
Ian followed the teacher into the classroom where he had not been in for some time. 
“What? This idiot actually came back?” 
“Yeah. Why is he back? Didn’t his family take him away to cure him?’ 
“Hahaha.” 
The children in the classroom immediately started mocking Ian. 
Ian’s face paled, and he turned to leave. 
“Where are you going, Ian? Are you being naughty again?” The teacher who led him in quickly grabbed hold of him.
With that, Ian returned to the classroom. 
An autistic child required special attention. If his emotions were settled, he would not cause trouble from then on. 
Unfortunately, it was clear that this teacher was not as impressive as the teacher at the gate claimed. 
“Sit down now and read this book. Don’t go anywhere, do you understand?” 
The teacher casually grabbed a book and placed it on the desk in front of Ian. 
She led the rest of the children out to play. 
Read this book? 
An intelligent childlike Ian was above such childish tasks. 
Ian fished out a transformer toy from his schoolbag. He played and counted down the ticking hands of the clock, waiting for the time to pass so he could be released to Sasha. 
Sometime later, a few children snuck back. 
“Look at him, he’s watching the clock again. He’s not reading as the teacher told him to. Is he really an idiot?” 
“Of course, he is. He doesn’t look like a normal child at all.” 
“Hey, idiot!” 
A few children started to poke fun at and ridicule Ian. 
A chubby child realized that Ian was not responding to their taunts. He moved to stand right in front of him.
“Why aren’t you saying anything, you idiot? What are you playing with?” 
The child immediately reached out to snatch Ian’s transformer toy away from him. 
Ian finally responded. He was introverted and was highly possessive over his things. At home, no one was allowed to touch his things without his permission. 
Ian struggled to keep the chubby child from taking his transformer toy. 
The chubby boy was frustrated at Ian’s refusal to hand over the transformer toy. “This idiot is refusing to give it to me. Quickly, hold him down and take it from him.” 
The other children swarmed and held Ian down against the table. 
Poor Ian was rather weak. He quickly ran out of strength and he could only watch as his toy was taken away. 
“Give it back to me!” 
“Hey, the idiot is talking. Fine, I’ll give it back to you. But, you have to kneel in the small house till I say so. I’ll only give it back to you when I’m satisfied. with that.” 
Ian pointed at the small storeroom and directed Ian to kneel inside. 
Thus, innocence is not a guaranteed trait of the young. The environment in which they grew up in as well as their innate personalities could unleash the monsters in them which would lead them to the path of wickedness. 
As Ian was dragged to the storeroom, he did not even have the strength to fight back. Under the instruction of the chubby child, the other children soon tossed Ian into the storeroom.
After that, they locked the door. 
Somehow, the teacher had failed to witness this entire scene. Alternatively, she chose to turn a blind eye. 
Sasha had no idea what had just happened in the preschool. 
She was sitting in the car and searching for places where she could bring her son to eat after school. 
Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, she saw something streak across the small path outside the car. 
What? 
What’s that? A stray cat? 
She jumped, put her phone down, and peered out the window. 
However, she was too slow. By the time she looked out, the thing had disappeared. At the entrance of the preschool in the distance, a child had appeared. 
“Mister, I’m late. Please open the door for me.” 
“Why are you so late? You should have come early!” 
The security guard at the entrance was not suspicious at all as the child that appeared uttered the name ‘Ian’. 
The security guard grumbled and opened the door. 
“Ian? Why are you here? You’re supposed to be studying in the classroom.” 
###Chapter 74
Chapter 74
Before he could arrive at the classroom, a teacher walked in. Her expression turned cold when she caught sight of the child and she started to berate him. 
Ian grinned at the teacher. “Okay, Teacher. I just went to the washroom and forgot where our classroom was. Can you tell me please?” 
The teacher was momentarily stunned. 
Why is Ian so talkative all of a sudden? 
He even smiled at me. He never smiles at me. All this young boy does is sit around with an aloof expression. 
The teacher was still stunned. Before the rest of her could react, her finger instinctively pointed towards the right classroom. 
The small child shot her another smile, waved and dashed away. 
Several minutes later, in Class 2. 
The small child found the classroom completely empty. His eyes, which had already emptied of all emotion, swept the surroundings. His gaze soon fell on a fallen textbook on the floor. 
“Ian?” 
He ran towards the desk.
It did belong to Ian. He picked up the book, and Ian’s name was inside. Moreover, he noticed a familiar transformer toy on the floor as well, and its arm was torn off. 
Those jerks. How dare they bully my brother? 
Ian, or rather Matteo, scanned the classroom angrily. He made a call on his smartwatch. 
A few seconds later, the same brand of smartwatch rang. 
“Ian…” 
He saw it and rushed over, only to realize that the door was locked. He was absolutely furious. He yanked down the lock and kicked the door in. 
“Are you okay, Ian? I’m here!” 
Ian was curled into a ball inside. He was all withdrawn and always felt that he lacked security. After he was locked inside, he squeezed himself into a corner with his knees tucked in tightly. He remained in that position throughout. 
His small face was as white as a sheet. 
“Don’t be scared, Ian. I’m here to save you.” 
Matteo’s heart ached when he saw him in that condition. He crouched down next to his fraternal brother and suppressed the fury within him. Slowly, he reached out his hand and patted Ian’s shoulder, trying to comfort him. 
Ian was still in a daze but regained his senses gradually. 
“You’re finally here, Matt…”
He was sobbing as he climbed onto Matteo and hugged him tightly. His grip was so tight that Matteo struggled to breathe. 
It just so happened that Matteo had been tracking his mother’s signal when Ian was locked up. 
He saw she was at the preschool and guessed that his mother must have sent Ian there. Hence, he called Ian on his smartwatch to check on him. 
He never expected to stumble onto such a situation. 
How dare someone bullies the brother of Matteo Wand? He’s as good as dead! 
Matteo could feel his brother quaking in fear as he hugged him. He was so overcome with rage that flames almost started shooting out of his eyes. 
“Go, take me to them. I’ll avenge you!” 
“Huh?” 
Ian was preoccupied with the warmth he felt in his brother’s embrace. After he heard what Matteo said, he released him and his eyes widened in shock. 
Avenge? 
Matteo could never stand to let the bullying slide and he was not going to explain to his brother. When he saw Ian’s hesitation, he handed him a mask and pulled him out. 
At a planter box behind the preschool. 
The chubby child and his gang who had stolen Ian’s transformer toy were playing there.
They were astonished by how real this transformer toy seemed. It was as though it had leaped right out of the cartoon and into their hands. They had never played with such a toy before. 
Why does the idiot have something so cool? 
The chubby boy was ecstatic, and he was more than prepared to claim the toy as his own. 
At this moment, a childish yet cold voice screamed down from above the chubby child’s head. “Give it back!” 
The chubby child’s head snapped up and realized that there was a child standing behind him who was currently glaring down at the transformer toy in his hand. 
“Ian? You got out? Who let you out? How dare you?” 
The chubby child immediately recognized the other child. Despite his fear, his first reaction was to bellow and call upon the rest of the children into action. They quickly assumed the formation to beat Ian up. 
Beat me up? 
Matteo chuckled haughtily. He could not be bothered to speak, and he lunged towards the chubby child. In a flash, Matteo had swiped the transformer toy away before the chubby child even had time to react. 
The chubby child was absolutely floored. 
###Chapter 75
Chapter 75
They never expected that the idiot they were used to pushing around would suddenly become a force to be reckoned with. He had taken the toy away with one quick motion. 
“Beat him! Beat him now! Make sure you beat him up!” 
The chubby child was livid. He was shrieking as he waved his fists around in the air. 
Matteo watched as the chubby child and the children he was playing with charged towards him. 
You want to fight? 
He really doesn’t know who he’s up against. I haven’t fought in a while. When I was in the preschool overseas, I would send every child in my taekwondo class crashing to the mat. 
Matteo hitched up his sleeves. He launched a flying kick effortlessly and his opponent collapsed to the ground. 
Crap! 
The chubby child was utterly stunned. 
Ian, who was wearing the mask and hiding behind the planter box, was just as appalled. His eyes were as wide as saucers. 
Matt is… so amazing. 
He looked extremely jealous.
When the chubby child saw his first friend collapse, panic set in. He charged towards Matteo with his fists flailing. 
“I’m going to kill you, Ian!” he shrieked furiously. 
Matteo attacked the child who had grabbed him with a left hook. Next, he leaped up from the ground and planted a kick right in the chubby child’s face. 
With a strangled cry, the chubby child fell to the ground. 
They want to take me on? 
Dream on! 
Matteo swept his gaze over the rest of the terrified children. He chuckled evilly and waved towards the planter box behind him. 
After a moment’s hesitation, the masked Ian stiffly walked out from behind the planter box. 
“How did he bully you just now?” 
“Was it this hand? Did he pinch you and take your toy? Hit him! Hit him till he remembers you!” 
Matteo shot daggers at the chubby child on the ground. He wanted to teach the child the lesson that if anyone were to bully him, he should retaliate immediately! This would be a lesson the chubby child would never forget. 
Just like how Mommy taught me! 
Ian was stupefied.
Daddy never taught me such rough measures. He only showed me how to win without shedding blood. Daddy always says that that’s true strength. 
Despite his envy, he was a little glad that he had never hit anyone. 
Ian finally brandished his small fists and under his brother’s encouragement, he punched the chubby child with all his might. 
It took a while, but Sasha eventually settled on a restaurant. She decided to bring her children to a Jetroina restaurant after school. 
Right as she made her reservation, she caught sight of a black car speeding past the entrance of the preschool. The car stopped, and its passenger rushed into the preschool. 
What’s going on? 
How can they go into the preschool at this hour? 
Sasha thought it was rather strange. She wanted to go in out of worry for her child. She climbed out of the car and walked in that direction. 
“Hello, may I ask why that person was allowed to go in?” 
“Why did she go in? It’s because some children are fighting inside. Someone hit her child and broke his nose. Even his hand is broken as well. Of course, she has to go in,” snapped the security guard. 
Oh my god! 
Is there even bullying in preschools now? His nose and hand were even broken. This is so scary! What about my Little Ian? Is he okay?
Sasha’s face turned as white as a sheet. She could not stop worrying about her son who was inside. She quickly started to plead, “Can I go in to take a look? My child is inside too. He’s Ian from Class 2.” 
“What? Your son is Ian? What are you still doing here? Your son hit another child!” 
The moment Sasha mentioned her son’s name, the security guard started to shriek at her. He claimed that Ian was the one who had hit someone. 
Ian fights? 
Sasha stood there blankly. 
She was still trying to wrap her head around it when the jarring sounds of arguing and children’s wails came from the other side of the door. Sasha realized that the person from the car had emerged. It was a middle-aged woman wearing a black mink fur coat. 
She was pointing at the person who had gone in with her, and two children were brought out. 
One of the children was being carried out on someone’s back. 
The other child was being led by the woman. The small child was struggling against her talons. 
Little Ian? 
Isn’t that my Ian? 
Sasha’s eyes were extremely wide. A burst of anger erupted from within her. She no longer cared if she was allowed in or not. She kicked the door open and charged in. 
“What are you doing? Why are you grabbing my child? Let go of him!” 
###Chapter 76
Chapter 76
Sasha barged in furiously and headed straight for that woman. She didn’t say a word pushed the woman harshly and snatched her kid away. 
She looked just like Matteo at that moment. 
The woman was surprised for several seconds, and she couldn’t even react to it. 
Ian, on the other hand, finally got to see his mother. His tiny arms hugged her tightly, and his tiny figure stuck entirely onto her. 
Sasha held him tightly and asked, “Little Ian, are you alright? Did she hurt you?” 
Sasha was a little nervous when she asked those questions because she was terrified of her son being hurt by that middle-aged woman. She even checked under his clothes. 
Ian didn’t say a word. 
The middle-aged woman, on the other hand, finally came around after hearing those words. She jumped and pointed a finger at Sasha immediately before yelling and cussing aloud. 
“Me? Hurting him? Is this how you teach your son? Why don’t you ask him who he has beaten up?” 
“What? He’s a kid. Who can he hurt?” 
Sasha didn’t believe a word that woman said. 
Hearing that got the woman to jump even more. She protested, “Just ask him. He broke my son’s nose, then dislocated his arm by stomping on it! So tell me. Why can’t a kid like him hurt someone?”
Sasha was so surprised that she was rendered speechless. 
Little Ian broke her son’s nose? And dislocated his hand? She has got to be joking, right? 
Sasha thought that those words were absolutely ridiculous. 
However, the woman got her wounded son to show up in front of Sasha soon after. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
Holy… It’s real… 
“Little Ian, d-did you really do that?” asked Sasha, who finally felt a little guilty. 
She still didn’t quite believe it, because Ian looked too thin and weak. He didn’t seem like someone who could beat another kid. 
Moreover, she knew Sebastian well. There is no way he’d teach his son to beat someone up. 
What made Sasha gasp, however, was that her little baby actually nodded while in her arms. “Yes,” answered Ian. 
Sasha was hit hard. 
“See? He admitted it. What else do you have to say?” demanded the middle-aged woman upon hearing Ian’s confession. 
Sasha had no choice but to soften up and turn to her son, who was standing by her. She took the initiative to apologize, “I’m so sorry about this. I don’t know what happened exactly, so how about we take the kid to the hospital first?” 
“Go to the hospital? You think that’d solve everything?”
“No, that is not what I meant. I just meant that the most important thing to do right now is to treat the child’s injuries. Sometimes, kids fight against one another. How about we investigate the matter once your child’s condition gets better? Don’t worry. If my son really attacked your son with malicious intent, then I will surely give you a satisfactory response. Also, I will bear all medical expenses for your son’s treatment. I will not shy away from any responsibilities.” 
Sasha was genuine when she shared her idea on dealing with the matter. 
That was also the most reasonable way to solve the matter. Sasha didn’t deny responsibility and would bear the consequences if Ian had attacked the boy. 
However, the most important matter at hand was to treat the injured kid. 
Unfortunately, the middle-aged woman would not listen to any of her words. 
“Why should I listen to you? Your son has admitted to hurting my son, and what you have to do is to hand him over to me right now. Either that or don’t blame me for what happens next.” 
After that, the middle-aged woman waved her hand. 
Two men wearing black suits showed up behind the middle-aged woman immediately. 
Sasha’s expression turned grim. 
Who the hell is she? She’s being aggressive under broad daylight? Seriously, is there no law and order in this country? 
Sasha immediately got her son and backed away a few steps. “What are you guys doing? Don’t go overboard,” said Sasha. 
“Go overboard?” the woman scoffed and added, “What can you do if I insist on doing so?”
After that, she plunged towards Sasha immediately. 
###Chapter 77
Chapter 77
Sasha turned pale immediately. 
She couldn’t care about anything else anymore, so she carried her son and ran. 
However, she was a woman who was holding her son while running; so naturally, she wasn’t as fast as the middle-aged woman and her two subordinates. 
“Ah!” 
All Sasha felt was her scalp aching. Someone had pulled her hair, and she couldn’t move a second later. 
Slap! That was a loud slap across Sasha’s face. 
She was defenseless, so she stumbled back a few steps with her child still in her arms. The mother and son duo fell right onto the ground. 
“Mommy!” 
Ian was in his mommy’s arms, so he saw everything. He couldn’t be bothered about his own safety anymore, and he shouted aloud when he saw his mommy’s red and bloated face. 
All Sasha could hear was humming in her ears, so she didn’t know what her son was shouting about. 
That being said, her arms still held him tightly and shielded him. 
When the middle-aged woman saw that, she instantly smiled evilly and gestured for her two subordinates to follow her over again.
To everyone’s surprise, the kid in the woman’s arms suddenly turned around and glared at them. 
“You will regret this.” 
That was a rather scary expression! 
He was only five, but at that moment, the tiny face that resembled his daddy’s actually managed to freeze the others with his deadly glares. 
The two subordinates paused immediately. 
Both felt a chill went down their spines. 
That is so weird. He is but a five-year-old… 
However, the middle-aged woman hadn’t noticed that something was off. Her expression remained evil as she stubbornly approached to hurt the mother and son duo. 
Then, everyone saw the child in his mommy’s arms press a button on the watch wrapped around his wrist. “Daddy, someone is hurting your wife and son. Are you coming over or what?” 
Sebastian was in a middle of a meeting when he received that call. 
He had a cigarette between his fingers at the time. Hearing that got him to tremble at once that he almost burnt himself. 
“What did you say? Who’s hurting you?” 
“Someone who should drop dead!” 
The baby voice coming from the phone was cute but sounded extremely cold and cruel somehow.
Sebastian’s expression changed immediately. He sprang up from his seat and left with his phone in his hand. A terrifying and murderous aura instantly engulfed him. 
Ian had never spoken like that to Sebastian before. 
Hell, the boy had never spoken to anyone before in that manner because he was just a five-year-old. He wouldn’t feel murderous, regardless of how angry he got. 
Yet, Sebastian sensed the murderous intent from his son. 
So someone is actually hurting my son? And my baby’s mommy? 
Sebastian gathered all of Hayes Corporation’s security guards, and within a few minutes, a fleet of over ten cars rushed to the preschool. 
The top managers, who were there for the meeting, were all flabbergasted. 
That is too scary. Who on Earth is so stupid that they have the guts to offend this dude? Now, he is going all out to get the culprit. 
Xandra had also heard about the incident at that moment. 
She was usually the one who sent Ian to the preschool, so her contact information was registered in the system. That was why the preschool notified her the second something happened. 
That woman caused a ruckus in the preschool? This is amazing! I finally have the opportunity to teach that b*tch a lesson. 
I can even prove my strength to Sebastian. He’ll definitely love me even more once I settle this matter nicely.
With that, Xandra took off as well. 
She even reached the preschool before Sebastian. 
###Chapter 78
Chapter 78
“I am so sorry, Mrs. Kent. This is all Ian’s fault, and I will teach him a lesson as soon as we get back. No matter what, hitting someone is wrong. Please don’t worry, we will teach him accordingly. We will also foot all the related medical fees.” 
Xandra was graceful when she stood inside the preschool’s office and apologized to the secretary general’s wife. She seemed genuine when she said that she would teach Ian a lesson once they got home. 
This is definitely a good parent. 
The teachers in the preschool and the secretary general’s wife instantly looked better. 
“Things would not have spiraled out of control if you had shown up earlier, Ian’s mom. Just look at what kind of nanny you have hired. It’s bad enough that she won’t talk nicely, but being aggressive and attacking? My gosh, that is so barbaric.” 
“Exactly, what kind of a person is that? Ian’s mom, I think you should fire her as soon as possible.” 
“That’s right.” 
Everyone’s eyes shone with discrimination and insult when they turned to Sasha, who was still being held hostage by the two men in black suits. 
Sasha scoffed. 
So she’s the mom? Those blind idiots!
“Fine, everything is settled then. I will leave now if there is nothing else.” 
Xandra had solved the matter beautifully and was prepared to leave with Sasha and Ian. 
To everyone’s surprise, Xandra had barely touched Ian, who was standing beside Sasha, when he pushed her away rudely and growled, “Scram!” 
“Ian, what are you doing?” 
Xandra’s face turned pale immediately. Her gaze swept past the entire office and saw that everyone was looking at her strangely. She was so angry that she wanted to pull the brat over to give him a good round of beating. 
“Ian, be good and come here. Mommy will take you home.” 
“Stay away from me! You are not my mommy, she is,” insisted Ian before he rushed to Sasha. He tried to free his mommy from the two men who were holding her hostage. 
Unfortunately, he was too young, so his tiny hands were not strong enough to help his mommy when he pushed them. 
Instead, the man he pushed grabbed his tiny arm immediately. 
“Let go! Let go of him right now!” shouted Sasha. She was instantly panicking. 
Unfortunately, those men were not going to let Ian go. They were about to attack when someone rushed into the office and shouted, “Something bad happened! A lot of men suddenly show up outside and claim that they are here to pick up Ian Hayes!” 
Ian Hayes?
No one knew how the captured kid suddenly became so strong, but he broke free and immediately ran out. “Daddy,” shouted Ian, “Daddy, I’m here. Daddy!” 
Ian’s shouts were loud, and his voice was filled with sorrow and tears. 
The people in the office heard the commotion, so they immediately rushed out. 
They were not prepared to see what was out there, and their jaws dropped the moment they saw it. 
This has got to be the biggest stance the preschool has ever seen. 
Over ten four-wheel drive cars were parked in a straight line, and it was something that was only seen in a movie. The car that led the fleet was a black Bentley with a unique number plate. The door was opened the second the car was parked, and they saw a ridiculously noble and handsome man walking out of it. 
It looks like a king had just made an entrance. Who is that man? 
The preschool had never seen any parent doing such an entrance before. 
Everyone was shocked. 
“Daddy, you’re finally here. They hit me and mommy. Mommy is still being held captive in there,” said Ian between sobs. 
Ian had already reached his daddy’s side by then. The kid hugged his father tightly in his arms. 
Ian was autistic, but he had been pushed so hard that he was even crying aloud. 
Sebastian picked his son up and brushed his gaze against everyone there. That got the others to shiver instinctively. Next, his lips parted, and he instructed, “Get them!”
“Yes, sir!” 
Over a dozen men in black suits got out of the four-wheel drive cars upon hearing the order. They rushed toward the preschool immediately. 
“Ah!” 
Screams instantly echoed all around the preschool. 
Everyone was horrified, and they tried to flee from the scene as quickly as possible. Unfortunately, there was no way that Sebastian’s men would let anyone go. 
It took Sebastian’s men less than two minutes to seize everyone and round them up at the entrance of the kindergarten. One kick from a few men was all it took to get everyone to go on their knees in front of Sebastian. 
The preschool’s principal was one of the people kneeling. 
So was the middle-aged woman, who had walked out of the office with the others. 
Sasha was still held in the office, so she had no idea what happened… 
Or at least that was the case until a man holding a gun suddenly barged in. She was stunned and hadn’t even gotten a chance to react to it before the two men holding her fell. 
Everything was so scary that Sasha’s brain fused. 
“Y-you…” 
“Ms. Wand, we’re with Mr. Hayes, and we’re here to rescue you. Are you alright?” 
“Huh?”
That got Sasha completely petrified. 
She was in a daze when they took her out of the office a few minutes later. To her surprise and annoyance, she was still witnessing a violent bloodbath in front of the preschool. 
“You’re the one who hit my son?” 
“N-no!” 
“No?” 
“Y-yes.” 
Thump! 
The man holding the boy in his arms kicked over the middle-aged woman who was on her knees and she fell immediately. She was injured so badly that she couldn’t even get up. 
Oh my gosh! 
Everyone was terrified. They trembled, and a few teachers even passed out in fear. 
Sasha was also flabbergasted. 
That man… actually came? And i-is he defending me and my son? 
A wave of emotions hit Sasha. She didn’t want to admit it, but she was ecstatic to see how that unreasonable middle-aged woman fell onto the ground. 
Xandra, on the other hand, looked terrified. 
“You… Just you wait. I-I am the secretary general’s wife. You kicked me, and I will not let you off the hook so easily.”
To everyone’s surprise, the middle-aged woman got back up after being kicked and still had the audacity to run her mouth at Sebastian. 
Everyone on site turned to the man who looked as terrifying as the devil. All they saw was that his expression had turned even scarier. 
“Who is the secretary general?” 
The man looked like he had just emerged from the deepest parts of Hell. He had a kid in his arms, but every other part of him exuded a freezing aura that inspired horror and devastation. Even a peek at him would get one’s scalp tingly. 
The security guard stepped up and immediately answered, “It’s Kyle Kent.” 
“Kyle Kent?” 
“Daddy, that’s her. She’s the one who slapped Mommy,” said Ian in an angry tone at that crucial moment. He was still in his daddy’s arms when he pointed his tiny finger at the middle-aged woman. 
At that instant, the aura on-site turned so cold that it was freezing. 
“Slap her!” 
“Understood.” 
“Also, get rid of Kyle Kent. Don’t ever let me hear that name again!” 
A simple sentence was all it took for that man to crush someone as powerful as the secretary general. He’s truly the devil! 
The middle-aged woman finally slumped to the ground.
How powerful does a man have to be to crush a secretary general with mere words? Who among us has the power to even be on the same level as him? 
The middle-aged woman finally regretted her decisions, but it was all too late. 
The subordinates who received their orders pulled her by her hair to get her up. Then, they slapped her endlessly and mercilessly in front of everyone else. 
This is too bloody and violent! 
No one dared to say a word or even make a squeak. They looked lifeless and were tempted to hide away immediately. 
The same applied for Xandra. 
Unfortunately, the cruel man saw her at that moment. 
His gaze turned even colder when he demanded, “Why are you here? What did you do earlier?” 
“She forced me to apologize and wanted to pay that woman.” 
At that moment, Ian, who had been resting in his daddy’s arm, voiced up once again in a chilly tone to cause another problem. 
Xandra instantly turned pale, whereas Sasha was gleeful. 
Good job, my sweet boy! 
“N-no, that’s not it. Listen to me, Sebastian. I was just…” 
“So this is how you’ve been interacting with the school over the past two years? The son of Sebastian Hayes was attacked. Yet, he is the one who has to apologize and pay the other party?”
The man’s voice was downright cruel and was so distant that it could freeze the entire continent. 
Xandra saw how angry he was, and she got so terrified that she almost knelt down in front of that man. 
“Sebastian, I-I didn’t… I just wanted to create an environment so he and his classmates can interact nicely. H-he’s different, after all.” 
“What’s so different about him? My son is as healthy as all the other kids, so how is he different? I wondered why he hated the preschool so much. Now the truth is out. It’s because you’ve been planting all sorts of wrong ideas in his head, and buttering all the other parents up. Oh, you evil woman. My son has the most powerful family backing him up, and you turned his identity into a boy from a dumpster!” 
Upon hearing that, Sasha immediately shouted at and insulted Xandra before the man standing opposite of her could say anything else. 
Xandra was so angry that her face distorted. 
Sasha was about to slap the woman when the man in front of her spoke in the cruelest tone he had ever used. “Lock her up. No one is allowed to let her go without my permission!” 
Sebastian spat every single one of those words through his teeth. 
That showed just how murderous and angry he was at that moment. 
Xandra shivered immediately. Thump! Her legs gave way, and she went down on her knees the very next second. 
“No, Sebastian. Please don’t lock me up. I’ve learned my lesson, Sebastian,” begged Xandra endlessly. She was on the verge of losing all dignity and almost crawled to that man and kowtow to him. 
However, the evil man never even looked at her. He simply turned around with his son in his arms.
At that moment, even Sasha, who had witnessed all that, couldn’t help but was taken aback. 
That scum really is heartless. Isn’t that the woman he loves the most? He’s actually okay with locking her up? 
Sasha didn’t know how she felt at that moment. 
###Chapter 79
Chapter 79
A few hours later in the Frontier Bay. 
Sasha went to the washroom on the second floor to put a cold towel on her bloated face. 
Hiss… 
“Does it hurt?” 
Ian had been standing by the washroom’s door the entire time. When he heard his mommy hissing, he immediately tilted his tiny head up and stared at his mommy with worry glowing in his eyes. 
Mommy got hurt because of me. Will Matteo get mad when he finds out? 
The kid’s tiny hand gripped the broken toy that he had snatched back. He looked devastated, with guilt and remorse weighing down in his heart. 
“It’s fine, Little Ian. See? It doesn’t hurt at all. I was just hissing because of the cold. I accidentally froze myself with the ice water.” 
Sasha sensed that the little guy’s emotion was off, so she quickly crouched down beside him and cooed him. 
Ian tilted his head up and saw how his mommy’s face was reddened and bloated. He didn’t know what to say, so after hesitating for a while, he approached her. The kid had never done anything immature before, but he actually bulged his tiny lips and blew on his mommy’s cheek. 
Sasha was momentarily stupefied.
What is my son doing? Is he blowing on my face to ‘blow away the pain’? Like his baby sister does? 
Vivi was practically a professional in playing a childish cutie pie. Whenever she saw her mommy getting injured anywhere, she would rush over to blow on the cut and claimed that it would be fine soon. 
Sasha was touched by her son’s gesture. She reached out and held him in her arms. 
“Little Ian is such a good boy. I’m fine now. It’s true. It doesn’t feel bad at all. I will be fine as long as you are okay,” promised Sasha as she suppressed the tears in her eyes and smiled. 
Ian suddenly felt a little awkward. 
However, he never struggled or broke free. He simply let his mommy hug him until he heard his daddy’s voice. Daddy is home. 
“Mr. Hayes, welcome home.” 
“Where is Ian?” asked Sebastian instantly. The man was obviously still worried whether his son was traumatized. 
“He’s on the second floor. Ms. Wand is with him. Oh, and Mr. Hayes? I don’t know what happened, but Ms. Wand’s face is bloated. It looks as if someone has beaten her,” informed Wendy in a worried tone. 
Ah, so Sasha never told Wendy what happened? 
Sebastian scoffed and replied, “She deserves it.” 
Wendy was speechless. 
She wanted to say something, but her young boss had already walked up the stairs by then.
As suspected, Sebastian heard the mother and son duo conversing in the nursery before he even saw them. 
Sasha asked, “Little Ian, is there any make-up for women in the house? Can you get some for me? I need it to hide my injury so that no one will see it when I leave.” 
Ian tilted his head up to stare at his mommy. 
Mommy is probably worried about Matteo and my baby sister seeing her bloated face. 
The tiny thing that had been playing Lego looked up. His warm brown eyes shone with a little guilt when he answered, “There’s none.” 
“Huh? Are you sure there isn’t any make-up in the house? How can that be? Err… Hasn’t Ms. Xandra been staying here the entire time? It’s unlikely that she doesn’t have any make-up around here. Little Ian, you can get some for me. I promise I won’t use too much of it,” said Sasha. 
She didn’t actually want to utter those words because the mere thought of using that vile woman’s make- up disgusted Sasha. 
Unfortunately, she didn’t have a choice. If I don’t hide my injury away, Matteo and Vivi will worry and ask about it when they see it. 
Sasha popped her head out and scanned her son, who was in the bedroom. 
To her surprise, the boy, who had been playing with his toy, shook his head and insisted, “No. There’s no lady living here.” 
Sasha didn’t know what to say. 
She was stunned for a few seconds because she couldn’t understand what she just heard.
No lady living here? 
Sebastian heard their conversation at that moment. He pushed the door open and asked, “What are you doing?” 
Gah! 
Sasha saw him and was so surprised that she shut her mouth immediately. She grabbed a random towel to hide her face. 
D*mn it. Why is this scum suddenly here? Shouldn’t he be working in the office? 
Sasha was a little nervous about seeing him at that moment because she was in a very embarrassing situation then. In the end, she even needed him to show up and rescue her. 
Gah, this feels awful. 
Ian saw his daddy there, so the former got up from the play area and greeted, “Daddy, you’re back!” 
Sebastian nodded. His gaze calmly swept past the thin, crouching figure in the washroom before he stretched his long legs and went to his son. 
“How are you? Are you alright?” 
“Yeah,” replied Ian, as he nodded calmly. 
Sebastian ruffled the kid’s tiny head before getting up and walking to the washroom. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. She simply hid inside the washroom. 
###Chapter 80
Chapter 80
If there was an actual hole in front of her, Sasha would’ve jumped in there and hide instantly. 
“How long are you planning on hiding in there? Weren’t you, oh, so brave, when you fought with the others this afternoon?” 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
The f*ck? 
The man’s heartless insult left Sasha with no choice but to show herself and left the washroom. 
“What else can I do? She won’t even let a helpless woman and a kid go. Was I supposed to watch as she hit our… I mean, your son?” complained Sasha. She felt so wronged as she caressed her own face. 
Sebastian hovered over her and glared down. He wanted to say something, but he changed his mind when he saw the clear slap mark on her cheek. 
Even the corner of her lips are a little swollen 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes a little, and his gaze became warmer. 
She is such an idiot. She actually got smacked until her lips split in a fight! 
“You had it coming. You fought with them even after he broke the kid’s nose? What were you thinking? Were you trying to break their neck?” 
What the f*ck?
Sasha’s big, round eyes bulged in fury instantly. “Dude, do you think I want to fight? The situation was dire, and things spiraled out of control. She said that she was going to torture your son to avenge her son. How can I allow it? D*mn it, I am a woman. It’s not like I’m a martial arts expert like your bodyguards..” hissed Sasha. She was agitated when she spoke, so she hurt her lips again and stung herself. Her hand flew to her lips as she hissed. 
Sebastian had nothing to say now. 
His eyes couldn’t help but twitch a little, but he stopped talking in the end. 
A few minutes later, the two of them left the nursery. Sasha, whose face was still swollen, planned on packing her things and going home immediately. 
However, she had just closed the door when the man standing in front of her said, “Follow me.” 
Huh? Follow him? 
Sasha thought that she misunderstood him, so she looked around. I don’t think there is anyone else around… She eventually followed him over after hesitating for a while. 
At first, she thought that she was in for a rough time. She caused a pretty big commotion at the preschool, after all. 
However, she was surprised to see that the man led her to the bedroom she visited the night before. He later got the medical kit from one of the closets. 
Sasha didn’t know what to say. 
“See if you can find anything of use,” instructed Sebastian in a distant tone. He sounded so distant that it was as if he found an injured stray dog and was tossing out leftovers for it.
That makes sense, I guess. I was injured while babysitting his son, so it’s only normal for him to compensate his employee for the injury. Besides, it’s just medicine. 
Sasha calmed down her beating heart that had suddenly thumped a little faster. She tilted her head down and started picking out the medicine calmly. 
There was actually a good variety of medicine in there, but most of them were for kids. It was obvious that it was prepared for Ian. 
Sasha’s gaze shifted downward as she continued searching for it. Eventually, she found an ointment in the box that could get swellings down. 
After picking the ointment out, she looked around before she snuck into the washroom with it. 
Click! 
The refreshing scent of mint spread out. It was the same scent that Sasha detected last night in the closet of the bedroom. She noticed that there weren’t any female products in the washroom. The white tile on the floor, as well as the light grey wall, made the entire place look like a cold hotel room. There was only one mug and one toothbrush by the basin. 
I-is that woman really not living here? How is that possible? Aren’t they married? Why aren’t they living together? 
Sasha had just gotten her heart to calm down, but it had already started thumping uncontrollably fast again. She focused on the ointment and started applying it to her face. To her surprise, the effects were pretty good. 
However, her lips… 
Hiss…
Sasha hissed again and took a deep breath. It hurt so badly that she almost tossed the cotton butt away. 
“What are you doing?” 
Sebastian happened to have found what he needed in the study room at that moment, so he returned to see her crouching in the washroom. He walked over when he noted that she had her hand on her lips. 
Sasha wanted to hide her face further away and not let him see it. 
This has got to be a joke. How can I let him see me in such a pathetic state? It’s not like he doesn’t already have tons of things to tease and insult me with! 
What she didn’t expect was that the guy actually assumed that something was wrong when she ignored him. Hence, he reached out and picked her up from the floor. 
“Ah! Sebastian Hayes, w-what are you doing?” growled Sasha. She was on the verge of going insane. She hid her lips with her hand while glaring at him with her watery, brown eyes. At that moment, she was so tempted to murder him. 
The corner of Sebastian’s eye twitched again when he caught that. 
This was probably because he didn’t expect the woman who had always put up a strong front before him to end up in that state. She’s actually tearing up from the pain of being hit and having an injured lip? I can’t believe her eyes are actually watery. 
###Chapter 81
Chapter 81
“Does it hurt a lot?” 
“No!” lied Sasha angrily. She was stubborn in denying her pain. 
However… He’s not listening at all! 
After that scum heard that she wasn’t in pain, he tossed her to the side. She was staring in surprise when he picked up the ointment and pinched her chin. “Open your mouth,” ordered the man. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She swore that it only lasted a second, but she could sense her brain exploding with a loud boom! Every thought in her mind stopped running. She was sitting so close to him that she could hear his breathing. In the end, she opened her mouth obediently. 
That was the first time they were that close to one another. 
It didn’t matter if it was five years ago or right this moment in the washroom. 
Sasha’s heart still couldn’t help but beat faster and out of rhythm. 
At first, Sebastian didn’t think much of it. He simply wanted to help that woman put the ointment on. She is so stupid. I honestly have never seen a woman this dumb before. 
Things changed when he put some ointment on his finger and tapped gently on the woman’s soft lips. A sense of familiarity suddenly zipped up his fingers to his heart. He was taken aback, and his mind immediately recalled that wedding night from five years ago.
He had always been a loner and had never had much interest in women. 
Hence, he hadn’t been with any other woman over the past five years, and she was his one and only. 
He remembered that he was drugged that night. There were many things that he could no longer recall, but he retained some memories of how he spent the night with a woman in his arms. He recalled how she was as soft as a kitten and how her lips were especially soft. That sweet, peach-like taste and her watery lips… Sebastian remembered what she tasted like, even after all those years. 
His gaze suddenly turned wilder. He stared at those lips that had no lipstick on but still looked soft and sexy. There was a moment when he actually felt the urge to kiss her. 
He wondered if she tasted as good as she did five years ago. 
“S-Sebastian? A-are you done?” 
Sasha couldn’t bear with it any longer. 
She had never been that close to him before, and his warm breath was caressing her face. His other hand was also pinching her chin. 
That made her feel hot, and her heart raced. She didn’t dare to look into his eyes because she was worried about falling for them again. 
Those eyes… They were my downfall five years ago. 
Fortunately, the man came around after she called out. All she saw was uncertainty and confusion zipping past his eyes before he immediately applied the medicine to her lips and let her go. 
“How did someone as stupid as you become a doctor?” 
The man immediately started dissing her again after he let her go and walked out of the washroom.
Sasha’s heart was still beating wildly. It took her a while to gather herself and look into the mirror. She saw that her ears were still a little red from blushing too much, so she turned on the tap. She only felt better after splashing some cold water on her face. 
“What does any of this have to do with me being a doctor? I am not a nurse, and that is their job.” 
“Excuses!” dissed Sebastian before he left. 
Sasha didn’t know where he went or what he planned to do. She put her things away, then got out of the room to walk down the stairs. 
“Ms. Wand? D-did you just come from Mr. Hayes’ room?” 
Sasha was surprised to bump into Wendy immediately after exiting the room. The latter was holding a men’s suit at the time, and it looked like she was there to deliver the clothes. 
Has he already left? 
Sasha nodded to answer Wendy’s question before adding, “Yeah, I was in there to put some ointment on. What’s wrong? Wendy?” 
Wendy couldn’t speak. 
What’s wrong? 
This is rather peculiar. This employer of mine rarely lets anyone enter his room, and he usually instructs me to disinfect the entire room after the visitor left. 
That even applies to Ms. Green. So… why wasn’t I instructed to disinfect the room this time? 
Wendy was a little stumped by all that.
Sasha, however, had no idea what Wendy was thinking about, so she walked down the stairs when the latter didn’t respond. 
Sasha had to go home. 
She left a note for her sleeping son before asking Wendy to take care of the kid. Then, she left the place. 
Sasha had some extra time that day, so after she went home, she decided to make good use of it. Her two babies were still studying in their preschool, so she wanted to cook a great meal to make up for her two angels. 
It had been a while since she prepared a nice meal for them. 
Sasha went to the grocery store. 
“Nancy, what a coincidence.” 
Sasha was picking out the ingredients when she suddenly heard someone approaching and greeting her in a surprised tone. 
Sasha shifted her gaze over and turned to the person beside her. “Solomon,” said Sasha, “Hi, I just got here. I’m thinking about buying some ingredients to make some calzone for dinner. What brought you here?” 
“I had a meeting nearby with a client, and I just finished discussing work with him.” 
Solomon had always been a gentleman. He was wearing a pair of glasses with gold frames, and a light grey windbreaker. He looked relax and handsome. 
###Chapter 82
Chapter 82
“I see. Would you like to drop by my place for a while? The weather is freezing today,” offered Sasha, who would swear that she was just making small talk when she made that offer. 
She never expected him to take up on that offer immediately. “Sure,” replied Solomon, “I happen to have a few law books for you. These are the books you asked me to buy for you earlier. I’ll take them to your place.” 
Sasha didn’t know how to respond to that. 
Shoot! I forgot all about this. Is it too late now to tell him that I won’t take the matter to court? 
In the end, Sasha brought that man to the place she rented. 
The season was changing, and winter was right around the corner, so it was actually pretty cold. The place was too old, and both the windows and walls were too thin, so no one felt warmer after Sasha opened the door. In fact, walking into the house made one feel even colder. 
“I’m so sorry about this. Let me turn the heater on,” said Sasha before she hurried to the heater. 
Solomon circled around the house absent-mindedly. 
That was only the second time he went into that house, but he didn’t seem unfamiliar with the place. 
“Nancy, this place is too old, and it’s not warm enough. Would you like to rent another place?” 
“Huh? Oh, there’s no need for that. This place is actually pretty good. It’s close to the preschool, so it’s convenient,” replied Sasha, who was busy getting the heater to work.
Are you kidding? 
It took me forever to find an old and dingy place like this. That scum definitely won’t set foot in this place, so why would I want to move? It’s not like I enjoy being annoyed. 
It didn’t take Sasha long to set the heater up, but she busied away in the kitchen soon after. 
What she wasn’t aware of was that as she was busying away and focused on her cooking, her guest in her living room had poured himself a glass of water. He suddenly got up and walked to the kitchen door. The dim light from the evening sun illuminated the place, and the steam filled the kitchen, but he never shifted his gaze from her. 
And his gaze… 
It looked like love, but it also seemed like a simple, platonic gaze. Still, if anyone were to take a closer look, they would see a fiery passion that was as hot as the working heater in the living room. In fact, it was so hot that it was alarming! 
“Sorry to make you wait. I have to get everything done before the kids are back. That way, they can fill their tummies as soon as they come home.” 
Maybe it was because she sensed the burning gaze, but Sasha turned around, looked at him, and uttered those words soon after. 
Solomon saw how awkward she seemed, so he retracted his gaze unwillingly. 
“It’s fine. Do you need any help?” 
“No. You can relax in the living room,” said Sasha without a hint of hesitation. The two of them knew each other well, but there was still a distance between the two. 
Sasha continued for about twenty minutes before she finally finished preparing everything.
“Let’s head out together,” said Sasha bluntly. when she left. She didn’t beat around the bush and suggested that the man leave with her. 
It was impossible for Solomon to not know what she meant. 
At that moment, all he could do was grin wryly before walking down the stairs with her. All in all, he stayed for less than thirty minutes with her. 
“Mr. George, is Ms. Wand still going to court?” 
“No, not anymore.” 
The man who had been smiling gently a moment ago looked distant and cruel inside the car. 
The name that they used in their conversation was no longer Nancy but Sasha. 
“Have they patch up?” asked the personal assistant who steeled up after hearing everything. 
However, the man never answered that question. His expression simply changed and he looked grim, and the look in the eyes behind his glasses turned cold too. 
“Didn’t you say that Sebastian never told his father about her return?” 
“That’s right.” 
“Why?” 
“I’m thinking it’s because Ms. Wand is categorized as someone who has cheated death. Her identity and record would have been erased back then. Which means they would have to submit an application to the court to reclaim her name once they take her back.” 
The man was quiet for a second.
Reclaim her name? So does that mean the Sebastian guy doesn’t want her to claim her identity and the record she held now? 
Why though? Is it because she would be recognized as part of the Hayes family once she claims her identity? Could it be that Sebastian Hayes doesn’t want that to happen? 
Solomon suddenly acted like he realized something. The grim expression on his face instantly eased up a lot. 
“Spread the news right away!” 
“Huh?” blurted the assistant in confusion, “Spread the news? W-won’t that make things worse for you? Once the news got out, Frederick will learn about her survival and would want her identity to be recovered immediately. That would turn her into Sebastian’s legal wife once more.” 
“No, you’re wrong. She will never become one of them.” 
After saying his piece, the man’s gaze reverted to its solemn and gentle stance. It might even carry a hint of glee. 
###Chapter 83
Chapter 83
“Huh?” 
The assistant was utterly confused. 
Make it public? Won’t that backfire immediately? Won’t it give Ms. Wand a reason to stay with the Hayes after her identity is reclaimed? 
No…no way! 
The first thing he had to confirm should he make the news public was whether Sasha’s household register was still tied to the Hayes. She would find out soon enough that Old Mr. Hayes had yet to learn of her return, and that would reveal to her Sebastian’s reasons for doing what he did. 
The assistant nodded as he put two and two together in his mind. He glanced at the lawyer sitting in the backseat, slightly shocked by this revelation. 
Meanwhile, Sasha made her way to her kids’ preschool to pick them up after school. 
She had thought that they would leap into her embrace the moment they saw her as usual, but she was instead greeted by several teachers, much to her confusion. 
“Ms. Wand, we need to inform you that your son got into a little scuffle with another kid and got injured as a result,” a teacher said with her head bowed low apologetically. 
“Huh?” Sasha exclaimed with a gasp.
No way…didn’t his twin brother just get in a fight today? Can they communicate telepathically or something? 
Without wasting another second, Sasha rushed into the building to look for her son. 
Matteo was sitting in the middle of the room while being surrounded by teachers, who were trying their best to comfort him. 
“Does it hurt, Matt? I can apply some ointment on the wound,” a teacher offered, only for Matteo to turn her down with a wave of his injured hand. 
“No need. I’m a brave young man!” he declared with a large grin. 
The truth was, he had sustained that injury while beating up another kid with his twin brother, and the fight with his classmate was just to dispel suspicion. 
Vivian, having taken part in the same fight as her big brother, watched everything from the sidelines. After a while, she stood up and announced, “He’s fine, don’t worry! My brother never loses a fight!” 
Matteo and the teachers fell silent, confused by her sudden declaration. 
Luckily, Sasha rushed in at that very moment before any of the teachers could figure out what Vivian meant. “Are you alright, Matt? I heard that someone beat you up!” she exclaimed, scooping her son into her arms to check him for injuries. 
However, much to her bewilderment, aside from the bruises and swelling on his knuckles, he was completely unscathed. 
Wait…did he get beaten up or did he beat someone else up? 
Sasha gave Matteo a sidelong glance, and he panicked a little on the inside.
Wrapping his arms around her neck, he cooed, “Alright, Mommy. I didn’t do it on purpose. Weren’t you the one who taught us to forgive and forget?” 
Sasha opened her mouth to say something in response, but nothing came. 
In the end, they left the preschool to return home as the teachers thanked them profusely in the background. 
Back home, Sasha disappeared into the kitchen to cook dinner with Vivian following close behind. Seeing that both of them were distracted, Matteo snuck back to his room and dialed Ian’s number. 
“Hey, Ian! How are things at your end?” 
“I’m good. What about you?” 
Ian was still rather concise, but he seemed to be working on his communication skills. 
Matteo patted his chest proudly. “I’m fine! I even got into a fight with another kid in my class after I went back, and my teacher and Mommy didn’t suspect a thing! Don’t you think I am smart?” 
“Yeah,” Ian said without much thought. “By the way… I don’t want to go to that preschool anymore.” 
“Huh? Where do you want to go then?” Matteo asked, confused. 
Ian fell silent as memories of Matteo’s preschool resurfaced in his mind. 
When they accidently switched places that day, Ian had had the time of his life in Matteo’s preschool. It was not as big or well-furnished as his own preschool, but the kids and teachers there treated him well. Most importantly, Vivian was there as well.
“Oh, do you want to come to my preschool? We can just switch places again! I can help you teach those rascals a lesson before we switch back!” Matteo said with a smirk. 
Ian was pleasantly surprised by the suggestion, and his eyes lit up immediately. “Really?” 
“Of course! Though… Mommy won’t have anything to do in Frontier Bay once we switched places. Then, she might go and work at Uncle Solomon’s company once that happens,” Matteo said. 
###Chapter 84
Chapter 84
Matteo suddenly recalled how Solomon had told Sasha to go to his company should she ever need a job, and he decided to mention it to Ian. 
Much to his surprise, Ian rejected the idea immediately. “No way! We can’t let her go there!” 
Matteo fell silent in shock. Wow! That’s the most you’ve spoken at a time! 
“What’s wrong? She’s going to look for a job anyway,” he said. 
“Tell her to go to Daddy’s company!” 
“Huh? Daddy’s company?” 
“That’s right! I’ll settle this.” 
Before Matteo could say anything else, Ian cut the line decisively. 
Why would I let Mommy work at someone else’s company when she can work in Daddy’s company and visit him every day? 
I need to talk to Daddy about this when he comes back! 
Unfortunately for him, Xandra had already gone to look for Sebastian at his company after the scuffle at the preschool. 
“Greetings, Ms. Green. Long time no see! May I ask where you’re headed to?” 
“Yeah, Ms. Green! It’s been a long time since we last saw you around!”
Xandra walked through the crowds in silence. 
Unlike Sasha, whom the employees usually ignored or regarded as Ian’s caregiver, everyone treated Xandra like she was a celebrity walking down the red carpet whenever she appeared at the Hayes Corporation. 
After five years of staying by Sebastian’s side, his subordinates have long since bestowed her the unofficial title of ‘Mrs. Hayes’. 
Her ego was greatly inflated because of that, but she continued to keep a low profile to make herself less vulnerable should she ever become Mrs. Hayes in the future. 
When she arrived at the President’s office, the secretary greeted her warmly. 
She nodded in response and asked, “Is Mr. Hayes free now?” 
“He is. Do you need me to tell him that you’re here?” the secretary asked. 
Luke was busy elsewhere, and a clerk in charge of receiving the President’s guests picked up the phone and called Sebastian to get his permission immediately. 
That applied to any guest who wishes to see Sebastian, and Xandra was no exception. 
However, unbeknownst to her, Sasha had the privilege of skipping the formalities when she visited a few days back. 
A few minutes later, the clerk informed her that Sebastian had approved her visit, and her shoulders sagged in relief immediately. Without wasting another second, she picked up her bag and walked into his office. 
“Sebastian… it’s been so long… “ she cooed, walking up to him as he sat upright behind his desk.
Tears began to flow down her cheeks as she stared at the man she had wanted to see for the longest time. 
They have never been separated for so long before, but Sebastian seemed less than excited to see her. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked calmly. 
“I… came to apologize, Sebastian. I got a call from the preschool today, and they told me that the secretary general’s son assaulted Ian first. I have prior knowledge of that. Moreover, his injuries looked pretty bad, and I was scared that it would affect the company’s reputation… I’m so sorry, Sebastian! I didn’t do it on purpose!” she blurted, looking pitiful and regretful. 
She would have easily fooled anyone who did not know the truth with those top-tier acting skills, but things were different this time round. 
Sebastian glared at her coldly. “Is that your excuse? You took care of Ian for five years, and yet you don’t know what his personality is like? Do you think the company’s reputation would be ruined by a preschool, of all things?” 
His voice was colder than the chilliest caves in the world, and it made Xandra shiver. 
She turned pale in an instant, and the tears in her eyes disappeared into thin air. “No, Sebastian, that’s not what I meant… “ 
“Xandra, you should have stayed put instead of making a fuss. Do you know what I hate the most?” Sebastian asked. 
His gaze almost burning a hole through her eyes, sending another shiver down her spine. 
“Sasha was right. You wouldn’t have thought of anything else but Ian’s safety should you regard him as your own child. You’re really fake, don’t you know that?”
Xandra’s defenses collapsed the moment he said those last words. 
She felt as though someone had slapped her across the face, turning it into a red, burning mess. 
Sasha Wand! It’s you again! 
###Chapter 85
Chapter 85
What do I do? What can I do to gain his trust again? 
How do I make sure he doesn’t get distracted by anyone else? 
She looked down and let the tears fall as she clenched her fists tightly. “Yes, I don’t see Ian as my own child, because I want to have one of my own!” 
“What?” Sebastian exclaimed, rising from his seat abruptly. “Your own child?” 
Xandra looked into his eyes and continued, “Yes, Sebastian, I want a child of my own. I have craved for reciprocated love and emotional contribution from your end for five whole years?” 
Sebastian fell silent with a grim expression on his face. 
However, Xandra was not going to give up. This was her chance to fight back, and she would not let that chance slip by. 
“I feel neglected and scared every night, and I see nothing but you leaving me behind every time I close my eyes,” she said sorrowfully. “Don’t you know, Sebastian? I was the girl who left you those letters under that magnolia tree for ten years. I didn’t want to reveal myself, simply because I was scared that you’ll treat me like I was transparent!” 
She opened her bag with shaking hands and took something out. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes at the sight of the that she took out.
It was just an old fountain pen wrapped in an old and yellowing handkerchief, but Sebastian could see the magnolia flower embroidery on its edges from where he was standing. 
He curled his fingers instinctively. 
“I’ve never thought of sucking up to you, so I never expected you to write back. You told me afterwards that you’ll take care of me for the decades to come in return for the warmth I gave you those ten years, and that’s why I went home with you. Don’t you remember, Sebastian?” Xandra cried, almost choking on her tears. 
Sebastian pinched his fingers together. 
He prided himself on his self-control, and he knew Xandra’s true intentions. Somehow, he managed to keep his emotions in check despite her irritating attempts to get his attention. 
“What do you want, exactly?” he asked. 
Xandra looked up with a start, her pitiful act completely forgotten. 
What do I want? 
I want to return to your side and live like how we used to before! 
Without even bothering to wipe her crocodile tears off her face, Xandra blabbered, “No, nothing much. I just wish to go back to Frontier Bay and make up for my mistakes… “ 
“There’s no need, Xandra,” Sebastian said coldly. “Now listen up. I won’t let you touch my son ever again.” 
Xandra’s hopeful expression disappeared immediately, and her face turned as pale as a sheet. Left with no choice, she decided to change gears.
“Can I come and work here instead? I really miss you, Sebastian. Is there any position that I can fill?” she asked. 
“Work here?” Sebastian repeated quietly, eyes still trained on her. 
By the time Sasha heard of Ian’s plan to get her a job at the Hayes Corporation, it was already the next afternoon. 
Her eyes widened when he told her about his plan. “Why are you telling me to work at your Daddy’s company? I’m a doctor! I can work in a hospital!” 
Ian raised his head to look at her in the eyes as he slung his bag over his shoulders. “I’ll go to school if you agree to work at Daddy’s company.” 
Huh? 
Sasha stared at him with a perplexed expression on her face. 
What has going to school got to do with me working at the scum’s company? Since when did he learn to strike deals with people? 
Sasha pondered over it for a moment and decided to mention a certain person as a last resort. “You see, Ian, getting into your Daddy’s company isn’t as easy as you think. Your Daddy doesn’t even like me.” 
She bent down and looked into his eyes as she spoke those words while trying her best to hide her sorrow. 
Isn’t it true? He’ll never let someone like me work at his company. He wouldn’t even have let me into his life if not for Ian’s illness! 
However, Ian simply grabbed her hand and dragged her out of the house. “Let’s go and see Daddy!”
Huh? 
What in the world is happening? 
Sasha’s eyes widened in shock as she stumbled after Ian. 
###Chapter 86
Chapter 86
Sasha tried to stop him, but before she could say anything, a man descended the stairs just a few meters away from them. 
“Ian? Why are you here? Aren’t you supposed to be in school by now?” the man asked as he fussed with his beautifully pressed black suit. 
Hidden under his blazer was a dark-colored, handmade dress shirt, and a pair of long pants covered his slender legs. The sunlight shining in from behind him illuminated his perfectly chiseled features, and it made Sasha clench her fists instinctively. 
“Daddy, what do you think of the deal I mentioned?” Ian asked. 
“Your deal?” Sebastian said, a little confused. He stopped to look at his son with a mildly amused expression. “What deal?” 
“I’ll go to school if you let her work at your company!” Ian declared solemnly while pointing at Sasha. 
Sebastian froze for a moment before turning around to glance at Sasha. 
She could almost see the storm clouds settling on his face, as though he was going to accuse her of feeding words into his son’s mouth. 
Sasha waved her hands immediately in fear. “Hey, don’t look at me like that! He told me that he’ll only go to school if you let me work in your company. I don’t know what’s going on too!” 
She shrugged to show her innocence, and the clouds on Sebastian’s face seemed to clear a little.
“Ian, why are you trying to get her into Daddy’s company? Daddy doesn’t run a hospital, you know,” Sebastian asked. 
“She can take care of you there!” Ian said, crossing his arms in front of his chest. 
The two adults’ eyes widened when he said that, and Sebastian was furious. “Stop messing around. I don’t need anyone to take care of me! Now be a good boy and go to school, Ian!” 
“No! I won’t listen to you unless you listen to me!” Ian shouted, yanking his bag off his back and throwing it onto the ground before stomping off with swollen eyes. 
Both adults watched as he left, absolutely dumbfounded. 
Oh boy! 
After a few seconds, Sasha glared at Sebastian and stomped her feet. “What the hell are you doing? None of this would have happened if you agree to his conditions! You can just give me a position in your company, and you don’t even need to pay me. Is that alright?” 
Sebastian was a little taken aback by her sudden outburst, and he pondered over it for a few seconds in silence. 
Why is it my fault now? It’s all your fault for rejecting my offer in the first place! 
It took ages for Sasha to convince Ian to pick up his bag again and get ready for school. 
Sebastian stood outside Ian’s room with a grim expression, but he remained silent, much to Sasha’s relief. 
“Shall I send Mr. Ian to school now, Ms. Wand and Mr. Hayes?” 
“Yeah, go ahead.”
Sasha waved her hand as a plan formed in her head. What if I just ignored his request and ran off on my own? He won’t know about it. 
However, Ian waved a tablet in front of her face when he walked past her. “You see this? I can see everything in Daddy’s office just by hacking into the cameras!” 
Sasha resisted the urge to scream. Her plan had been rendered useless by this revelation. 
Ten minutes later, Sasha sighed and headed towards the uniquely numbered Maybach with her bag slung around her shoulder. 
She had never ridden in that Maybach, not now, not five years ago. She had told herself to stay away from it at all costs, but Ian had given her no choice. 
She could feel her muscles tensing up the moment she saw the man sitting inside, and her breaths quickened as beads of cold sweat began to form on her palms. 
Why am I like this? 
“Hey! Why are you just standing there? Hurry up and get on!” Sebastian yelled, visibly annoyed. He glanced at his watch impatiently to signal to her just how precious his time was. 
Sasha pulled open the door and slipped into the car quickly to distract herself from her thoughts. 
Much to her delight, the soft covers of the seats and the pleasant interior of the car calmed her nerves considerably. 
Taking in deep breaths of the sweet aroma in the air, she sat up stiffly and pretended to look at the scenery outside. 
Looks like I haven’t gotten over him yet…
###Chapter 87
Chapter 87
They headed to the office in silence, and Sasha figured that Sebastian still hated her. 
Maybe he doesn’t even remember that I’m here… As she calmed down, her disappointment returned as well. 
So this is my fate? 
After they reached the office building, Sebastian pulled into the reserved parking spot and alighted from the car to ride his exclusive lift to his office. 
Sasha did the same, only to be stopped by him. 
“What do you think you’re doing?” he asked coldly. 
Sasha froze. He finally spoke up… 
She shrugged nonchalantly. “I’m going outside, Mr. Hayes. No one in this company knows me, and I’d rather not let them see me with you.” 
With that, she grabbed her bag and scurried off before he could say anything in response. 
He stood rooted to the ground in silence as his face darkened like the sky before a storm, but he left soon after without another word. 
As for Sasha, she walked into the building through the front door with her head held high after escaping from the carpark. 
“Greetings, miss. May I ask what you’re here for?”
“Oh… who? Me?” 
Sasha was distracted for a moment as she stared at the receptionist in confusion. 
Wait, what’s my position again? What am I going to do? Wait for him to assign me work after I go to his office? That’s going to take forever! 
He might even have forgotten about me, considering how much he hates me… 
She frowned and decided to give it a shot. “I’m here to look for a job. Are there any vacant positions in your company?” 
“Huh? You’re looking for a job? Have you sent your resume to our HR department yet?” the receptionist asked, shocked. 
Does she think that this is a market where she could just pick and choose a job as she wishes? 
Unbeknownst to the receptionist, that was exactly what Sasha was going to do. 
All she needed was a job to satisfy her son’s request, and she decided on a clerk position in the business department in the end. 
She walked up the stairs to the interview room nonchalantly, only to bump into Luke after the interview was over. 
He was tasked with looking for ‘the President’s wife’, which happened to be Sasha. By the time he found her, she had already passed the interview like it was nothing. 
“Are you sure you’re going to recruit her?” he asked the head of the business department in shock. 
“Why not? No one has ever gotten full marks on this test?” the head of the business department said while waving the test in front of Luke’s eyes.
Luke fell silent as he looked at the sheer number of red ticks on the paper. 
With a sigh, he walked over to Sasha’s side and said, “Madam, would you like to work in the President’s office? The work there isn’t as taxing as this… “ 
“It’s fine. I’d rather work here,” Sasha said, cutting him off. She picked up a stack of documents and headed over to the photocopier machine to avoid him. 
The last thing she wanted was to face that scum of a man everyday. 
Luke pursed his lips but did not say anything else. He headed upstairs again after muttering a few words of caution. 
When he returned to the President’s office, Sebastian was still hunched over the documents on his table just like how he had been when Luke left. He was late that day, and things have already piled up on his table by the time he arrived. Luke hesitated before walking up to him and saying, “Mr. Hayes, the business department has already taken Ms. Wand in.” 
“The business department?” Sebastian said, looking up with a raised eyebrow. 
After a few seconds, his confused expression turned into a smug grin. 
Wait… why is he smirking? 
Did he already know that she’s going to the business department or something? 
“Did you see this coming, Mr. Hayes?” Luke asked, confused. 
Sebastian shook his head with a grin. “She’s just here to fulfil Ian’s request, so there’s no way she’ll take this seriously. I bet she chose the business department out of interest.”
“Interest? She likes doing business?” 
“I think so. Do you remember that call from Nikkawa-Gen?” Sebastian asked. 
Luke froze for a moment. “Nikkawa-Gen? Do you mean that company that we didn’t manage to acquire?” 
“Yeah. She was the one who took the call, and she noticed things that even the vice president of the business department didn’t see. She’s talented, so I’m not surprised she picked that department in the end,” Sebastian answered calmly. 
###Chapter 88
Chapter 88
Luke froze in bewilderment. 
Wow… I didn’t know she was so talented! I thought she didn’t even go to university? What else could she do besides being a doctor? Why is she so knowledgeable in the field of business? 
He finally understood why his boss wanted him to probe further into that woman’s background. 
“Um… Mr. Hayes? You promised Ms. Green a management position in the business department too. Now that Ms. Wand is here… “ 
“Tell her not to come!” Sebastian said coldly as he tapped the documents on the table with his fingers impatiently. 
Luke’s eyes widened in shock. 
He’s never been so impatient with Ms. Green before? 
Maybe he doesn’t love her anymore? 
He treated her like an actual wife and even gave her permission to enter and leave his house at will, yet he’s throwing her out over a tiny mistake? 
Luke struggled to understand his boss’ way of thinking. 
He believed that two people in love would leave room to forgive and forget when one of them made a mistake, no matter how grave the consequences were.
However, Sebastian seemed to forget the fact that she had loved him wholeheartedly the moment she made that mistake. He was simply ruthless. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was having the time of her life working in the business department. The vice president treated her well because of her stellar entrance test results, and no one dared to get in her way as well. 
However, her lazy attitude got on everyone’s nerves quickly. 
“Nancy, have you finished the contract for the vice president?” 
“Nope.” 
“What about the sales report?” 
“Not yet.” 
Sasha leaned against the back of her chair and took a sip of her tea, as though she was just there to enjoy herself rather than to work. 
Why so serious? 
I’m just here to fulfil my son’s request. What’s the point of working so hard? 
After she spent a whole morning putting together just three reports, the other employees grew frustrated and ran off to complain to the vice president. 
“Sir, that new girl Nancy is so unproductive. What should we do?” 
“Yeah, Sir! We’re still waiting for our contract!” 
“Can we transfer her out, Sir? Our department is going to suffer if this goes on!”
The employees tried to convince the vice president to kick Sasha out, and he began to get suspicious as well. 
He looked out of the window of his office, sighing when he saw Sasha enjoying her cup of tea on her work desk. 
Are all talented people like this? Does she think that she can be lazy and conceited just because she’s young and capable? 
He walked out of his office and stood before her with a frown. “What are you doing, Nancy?” 
“Huh?” Sasha said, sitting up abruptly. “N-Nothing much, sir. Do you need my help?” 
The vice president gestured at the mountain of documents on her table and said, “Leave these here and come to my office. You can be my assistant, and I’ll teach you what I know about investments and stocks.” 
“Really?” Sasha exclaimed, her eyes flashing in excitement. 
She was indeed interested in finance, and even her teachers in school praised her for her talents. 
With that, she happily moved over to the vice president’s office and began her learning journey with much passion. 
They even went to the staff canteen together during lunch, and it did not take long before Sebastian heard of it. 
“What? She’s the assistant of the vice president now?” 
Luke could tell that he was not happy at all, but he did a great job in hiding his emotions well after he heard of the news.
“The vice president must have noticed her talents. I don’t see anything unusual with it,” Luke explained. 
“Oh, really?” Sebastian huffed mockingly. 
Luke pursed his lips and glanced at the clock. Noticing that it was lunch time, he took out his phone to give the usual restaurant a call. 
However, before he could dial the number, he heard a few clerks chattering loudly outside the President’s office. 
“Is that woman who went for lunch with the vice president of the business department just now his new assistant?” 
“Look how nice he was to her! He even helped her order her favorite dishes!” 
“I bet she doesn’t know how lucky she is! She’s going to climb the ranks faster than any of us!” 
Luke turned around to see Sebastian listening attentively with a deep frown on his face. 
###Chapter 89
Chapter 89
Sebastian could have ignored those clerks entirely, since he was technically not in a relationship with Sasha, but Luke could tell that he was not going to do that. 
He watched with bated breath as Sebastian’s face darkened. 
“He ordered her favorite dishes?” 
“No… I’m sure there’s a misunderstanding here, Mr. Hayes… “ 
“So that’s why she wanted to work here! You are fooling around, Sasha Wand!” he snapped. 
Every line in his well-chiseled face grew sharper as his expression turned chilly, and Luke struggled to find the words to reply to him. 
I don’t think she’s that kind of person… 
“Please calm down, Mr. Hayes. I don’t think she’s like that. Do you want me to summon her here so that she can explain herself?” 
“Why would I do that? She’s just going to bring her filth into my office!” 
Luke gasped. He called her filthy! 
He fell silent in fear. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was happily enjoying her food with the vice president in the staff canteen when her phone vibrated. She picked it up, only to see a message telling her that she had been fired.
I’ve been fired? 
Is this a mistake? I’ve only been here for a few hours! 
I’m an employee of the Hayes Corporation now! Why am I fired? What’s wrong with that scum? 
She dialed Sebastian’s number immediately. 
“We’re sorry. The number you have dialed is currently unavailable.” 
“We’re sorry. The number you have dialed is currently unavailable.” 
Sasha cursed under her breath. 
What the f*ck! 
Did he just blacklist me? 
Vexed, she pushed her food away and stood up abruptly. 
“Hey” the vice president called, visibly surprised. “Where are you going? You haven’t even finished your lunch yet?” 
Sasha ignored him and left the canteen quickly. 
Where am I going? To beat up that jerk, of course! 
She stormed into the President’s exclusive lift and arrived at the penthouse suite a few minutes later. The employees there watched with their mouths agape as she kicked open the door of the President’s office with a loud bang. 
“Who the hell is she?” “Isn’t she that vice president’s lapdog now?” “Why did she just barge into the President’s office?”
“Did she just kick the door open?” 
They watched in horror as Sasha stormed into the office and yelled, “What the hell is wrong with you, Sebastian Hayes? What do you mean I’m fired? Do you actually think I’m here to work for you?” 
The onlookers fell silent in shock. 
Sasha waited for his reply while panting from anger, and her frustration only grew when Sebastian took his own sweet time to turn away from the window he had been facing. 
“Get out!” he growled, making the onlookers shiver in fear. 
Sasha blinked. “What do you mean, ‘get out’? You’d better watch your words! I’m here for my son’s sake, and now you’re telling me to get out?” 
“Are you dumb or something? I’m telling you to get the hell out of Hayes Corporation!” Sebastian yelled angrily, though his face was completely expressionless.. “Listen up, Sasha Wand, this is my company, not your matchmaking service! How disgusting can you get?” 
He glared at her with much hatred in his eyes, as though she did not deserve to be standing in front of him at that very moment. 
What? What the hell is wrong with him? 
Sasha could feel her hands trembling in anger. Glancing around the office, she noticed an art installation made out of metal just to her left, and she put her hands on it without much thinking. 
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed dangerously. “What are you trying to do?” 
“I’m going to throw this on your stupid head, of course!” she shouted. “Who told you that I’m here to hook up with other men? Have you forgotten that we used to get in bed together? Are you so insecure that you
think those ugly bas*ards could take me away from you? Are you dumb?” 
As she shouted obscenities at Sebastian, she tried to pick up the art installation with much difficulty. 
“It’s thirty kilos. Let’s see if you can actually lift it,” Sebastian snickered, the storm clouds on his face long gone. 
Sasha tried to lift the installation out of spite, only for it to fall back onto its podium with a loud thud. 
Why the hell is it so heavy? 
###Chapter 90
Chapter 90
Sweaty and exhausted, Sasha was finally drained out of energy. The thing was so heavy that she had to loosen her grip. After that, she squatted angrily as she couldn’t even stand now. 
“Sebastian, you’re f*cking mental!” 
Panting, tears finally fell from her swollen, misty eyes. 
Sebastian was taken aback for a second. 
He was quite delighted when she saw her clumsily carrying the iron pieces but immediately became sorry when he saw her shedding tears while squatting on the floor. 
“Is it you or me who’s mental here? How dare you accuse me of this when you’re the one who came to my company and caused chaos?” 
“Chaos? What did I do?” 
Sasha immediately raised her head and glared at the man with her red, teary eyes. 
Sebastian tilted his head slightly and looked away. “Didn’t you hear it yourself? Now the entire company is talking about how lucky you are to catch the vice president’s attention as soon as you came. Sasha, why didn’t I know that you’re an expert at winning people over?” 
He worded it much nicer than before. 
Nonetheless, Sasha jumped in rage after hearing this. “Bullsh*t! What does he like about me? I think he’s the one who is mental because he still wants me to be his assistant after being complained for not doing
my job there! What do I have to do with this?” 
Sasha went quiet for a moment. 
“By the way, is this a characteristic of your company that the employees take after their boss?” 
She suddenly changed the topic and jeered at the man. 
They’re all mental! 
Sebastian understood what she meant, and rage pulsed through his veins. 
But in the end, he endured it as Luke served the food at that moment. “Erm… Mr. Hayes and Ms. Wand, do you want to eat first?” 
Sebastian didn’t answer. 
However, when Sasha saw it, she immediately stood up. “No! Who am I to deserve Mr. Hayes’ food? I disgust him anyway.” 
Then, the woman left with an angry look, without turning her head. She even slammed the door after her. 
Sebastian and Luke were left speechless. 
Seeing his expression worsening, Luke quickly soothed, “Let’s eat, Mr. Hayes. Don’t worry about it. I’ll ask her to work in your office when Ms. Wand comes back in the afternoon.” 
— 
Sasha left Hayes Corporation. 
Of course, I won’t eat at the lousy cafeteria! I’m too angry to eat anyway! It’ might as well eat at home!
But just when she was about to get home, preschool suddenly called, “Hi Matt’s Mom, what’s wrong with Matt today? He’s so quiet! Is he sick?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha’s face went pale instantly. 
Matteo’s sick? He isn’t, is he? He looks fine when I send him there this morning. 
Feeling uneasy about it, she didn’t care about anything else and asked the cab driver to drive straight to the preschool. 
“Hi Matt’s Mom, you’re finally here! Here’s Matt—hurry and take a look!” 
Sure enough, the minute reached the preschool’s entrance, the teacher immediately brought out two children with a concerned look. 
Sasha immediately trotted over and squatted in front of the two children. 
“Matt, are you feeling sick?” 
“No, no, Mommy, Matt is not sick.” Vivian waved her chubby little hands to indicate that her brother was not sick at all. 
However, Sasha noticed something odd about Matt. What could it be? I can’t tell either. 
“Matt?” 
“Nothing, the food isn’t good.” He finally muttered after standing in front of his mother for a while. 
The food isn’t good?
Sasha immediately looked up at the teacher. 
However, the teacher shook her head. “That’s not true! Matt has always loved the food at preschool. Besides, we have his favorite mashed potatoes today. Why isn’t it good?” 
The teacher couldn’t believe it, so Sasha looked at her son again. 
Matteo had always been a good kid. When Sasha was working, he would take his sister to preschool obediently without causing trouble for his mother unless he was sick. 
Could it be that he really fell sick? 
Sasha remembered that her son would keep quiet about being sick before to not worry her, so she was more certain about it when he didn’t talk much. 
“Alright, Matt. Mommy’s taking you to the doctor.” 
“Huh?” The two kids were startled. 
Are we really going to the doctor? But he’s not really sick! The truth is he’s not Matteo but Ian, her other son! 
When the siblings were brought out of the preschool, Vivian helplessly stuck her head close to her after seeing her mother trying to get a cab. 
###Chapter 91
Chapter 91
“Ian, what should we do now that Mommy is taking you to the doctor? Didn’t I tell you to be more talkative and smiley like Matt? 
Ian was speechless. 
I…don’t know how. How would I? I’m used to living alone in a big house, and everyone around me has a cold attitude. Isn’t it weird if I grew up having a cheery personality? Besides, is it even easy for me to change just like that? 
After frowning for a while, he suddenly broke into a confident expression. 
“No worries! You’ll see!” 
“What? How can you lie to a doctor for being sick if you’re not?” 
“Stomachache.” 
“Oh? This should work. Let me tell you something: When I didn’t want to go to preschool before, I would always lie to Mommy about having stomachaches. Wow, Ian, you’re so clever.” 
The little girl became happy again. She held Ian’s hands with her chubby little hands and looked at him admiringly. 
Ian was rather speechless. 
A few minutes later, Sasha finally grabbed a cab and took the siblings into the car.
Actually, she was a doctor herself, and she could tell if her kids had a headache or stomachache. But sometimes, mothers were just too cautious. 
For example, she was worried about her son falling sick now. 
Hence, she must take him to a good hospital to get a blood test or use modern medical equipment to have a medical check-up to play safe. Otherwise, she wouldn’t simply send her kids to any hospital. 
Sasha was nervous and was holding the “sick” kid on the way there. 
But Ian, on the other hand, was enjoying her sweet embrace as he had never been this loved while Vivian was staring at him enviously. 
“Mommy, what about your other baby?” 
“Huh? What?” 
Sasha didn’t understand what her daughter meant at that moment until after the chubby little girl climbed from her seat into her mother’s arms. 
“Vivi, don’t come near. Matt will get you sick too.” 
“No, he won’t.” 
Vivian didn’t believe Ian as she knew that he made this up to steal her mother for himself. 
Besides, she didn’t want to be away from her mother either. 
Fortunately, it was only a ten-minute drive from Old Town to the hospital, and Sasha quickly got her children off the car into the building. 
“Hi, nurse. It’s Matthew Wand. We would like to see a pediatrician, please.”
“Pediatrics? It’s crowded over there now. How about visiting a specialist instead? You don’t have to waste time lining up.” The registrar nurse said while clutching the card that Sasha handed over. 
That’s even better! Nothing is more important than my children consulting a doctor. 
After making an appointment with a specialist, Sasha took her registered number and headed to the specialist clinic on the ninth floor. 
Meanwhile, Ian was still relatively calm after lying about his stomachache, but when he was suddenly brought to the specialist, his expression changed, and he wouldn’t move anymore. 
“Matt, why did you stop?” 
“I don’t want to go!” 
Ian forcefully broke free of Sasha’s hands and ran away. 
“Hey, where are you going? Matt, why are you running away?” she yelled anxiously. 
At that moment, in the corridor of the clinic, an old doctor with gray hair wearing a white coat came over. When he saw the little running figure, he was a little startled. 
“Mr. Ian? Why is he here?” 
“What? That’s Mr. Ian?” 
“Yeah! Quick, stop him and carry him over. Is there something wrong? Where’s his father? Call him now!” 
After instructing the other doctors with him, he went after Ian as well. 
Sasha was rendered speechless.
When she was staring at the doctors chasing after the boy, she blanked out as if an explosion happened in her head. 
Oh my, why did I forget about this? 
This hospital is the largest public hospital in Avenport. Since Ian was always sick, he must’ve been a frequent patient. Besides, the Hayes would’ve found him the best doctor here. 
Good lord, what a stupid thing have I done? 
Sasha froze. 
Then, she quickly took her daughter and followed after them, but her son, Matteo, was already carried by the doctors! 
“Mr. Ian, why are you running away? Where’s your father?” 
“Who cares about his father? Dr. Lee, take the child and run a check-up on him with me. And you, Ms. Stone, call his father.” 
“Yes, Professor!” 
Sasha almost blacked out. 
Oh no, what now? He’s not Ian but my Matteo! If they asked Sebastian to come here, he would know about the two children when he went to check at the Empire Preschool! 
###Chapter 92
Chapter 92
Will he return my son to me? 
Sasha was like a cat on hot bricks. Having little choice, she could only take her daughter, follow after them, and play by ear. 
Then, she would take the child away when she got the chance without anyone noticing. 
Unfortunately, it was too late. When she took her daughter there, her son was taken to the clinic by the old doctor without asking any preliminary questions. 
“Wait! Doctor, I’m sorry, my child is okay, and he doesn’t need to be checked.” 
Sasha was losing her mind. How could they run a medical check-up in a fully enclosed room like this? My Matteo is fine! They would only scare him. 
Nevertheless, the doctor ignored her after shooting her a glance. 
“And you are?” 
“Huh? Oh, erm…I’m this child’s nanny, and I’m new here,” replied Sasha guiltily. 
“You’re new, eh? Do you know why Mr. Hayes let you send the kid here? We’re actually very familiar with him as he has been coming here since little. Alright, that’s enough talk. You can wait here while I do a check-up on him.” 
Then, the old professor disregarded Sasha’s protest and let his assistant carry the boy into the MRI room.
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
No, he’s not Mr. Ian! He’s my Matteo! 
Frantic, she wanted to explain once more. However, the computer screen had displayed the test results of the child lying on the MRI bed. 
“The pylorus still hasn’t closed well, and there’s even some swelling. Is there a problem recently?” 
“Maybe it’s the food again. Poor kid.” 
After the doctor and his assistant had studied the image projected, they began to discuss distressedly. 
After Sasha heard them, there was a buzzing noise in her ears. 
The pylorus isn’t closed? How? Isn’t my Matteo all well and good? Why didn’t I know about this before? 
Her heart plummeted, and horror surged. She didn’t care about anything else and ran to the front of the computer between the two doctors like a madwoman. 
“That’s impossible! How could it be that his pylorus hasn’t closed up? There’s no way!” 
“Why is it impossible, nanny? This problem has stayed with Mr. Ian. Not only that, his small intestine is shorter than others, and his kidney is not fully developed. Didn’t your employer tell you all about these?” 
When the doctor saw her denying it like a maniac, he furiously banged on the computer screen. 
Sasha finally went silent. 
Since she was also a doctor, she understood the contents displayed on the screen, and the doctor was right. 
Sasha slumped back into the chair.
When Sebastian arrived, the old doctor had completed the check-up on Ian. 
Actually, it was natural and temporary for Ian to be in this situation as he grew up with the problem. His premature birth had caused many physical defects. As long as there were no new problems that occurred, he would be fine. 
After hearing the results, Sebastian remained calm. However, when he turned his head, he saw Sasha sitting in a chair in despair. 
Her face was as pale as death, and she had a somber expression. She was glaring hollowly into space and lost in thoughts without realizing Sebastian calling her. 
What is this woman doing? 
He cast his gaze on the little girl standing next to her, but the adorable girl was already staring back at him with black, beady eyes. 
As soon as she met his gaze, she immediately hid behind her mother’s back timidly. 
Whose child is this? Why does she resemble…this pale woman? 
Sebastian was taken aback for a second. “Who are you? Why are you here?” 
Vivian was shocked by her father’s sudden question and immediately buried her face in her mother’s chest. “Mommy…” 
Mommy? She calls her Mommy? 
His face muscles spasmed, his expression hardened, and a wave of anger surged from his chest. 
“Sasha Wand, who’s this girl? Why is she calling you Mommy?”
“Huh?” 
Sitting in the chair, Sasha was finally brought back to her senses by the man’s angry questioning. She looked up and saw the enraged man and found her daughter clinging tightly to her and became dumbfounded. 
“She…She’s…” 
“Mummy, let’s go. Vivi wants to go home.” 
###Chapter 93
Chapter 93
Vivian started having a fit. Unlike her two brothers, the girl was more cowardly, and she had always heard her brothers talking about how bad-tempered her father was and how he bullied their mother. 
Thus, she was petrified by that time. 
Sasha finally regained consciousness and hugged her daughter, trembling with fear as she was afraid that things might get worse. 
“She…” 
“She really is your daughter? Wow, you’re incredible, Sasha. Didn’t you just display your pure and righteous side this noon? I didn’t know that your illegitimate daughter is this old! You really disgust me!” 
Unexpectedly, the man had already started railing before she could say a word. 
His expression turned ashen with anger, and hatred filled his eyes. At that moment, Mr. Hayes, who was famous for being placid in the business world, had lost his temper. 
Sasha was startled. 
Illegitimate daughter? He actually thought that this child was fathered by someone else? 
Sasha’s heart sank, and she looked at the man with an exasperated expression. 
Should I be glad or sad about this? How can someone this stupid man be the top businessman in the field? 
“Speak! Why don’t you say anything?”
“What should I say? What do you mean by illegitimate daughter? Sebastian, I have nothing to do with you for a long time ago. Why can’t I be with someone else if you can be with that b*tch, Xandra? If I gave birth to a bunch of children with someone else, let alone only one, it’s none of your business too!” 
Sebastian went quiet. 
Finally, this has immediately shut that scum up! 
He clenched his fists, and his handsome face darkened. However, he couldn’t utter any more words. 
Sasha sneered silently. You have asked for it since you dared to argue about this with me! 
Then, she ignored him after her retorts. When she saw her son coming out from the MRI room, she took her daughter and went forward. “Doctor, is he alright? Can we go now?” 
I had to take my children back as soon as I can. Otherwise, this ill-tempered scum would definitely tear me into strips if he found out about my other son! 
When she was about to take her son, the man suddenly pulled him away before she could carry the boy, and she couldn’t fight the man’s strength. 
“Sebastian, what are you doing? Take your filthy hands off him! You have no right to touch him!” 
How dare this man snatch away my son from me and forbids me from touching him! He’s really driving me nuts! 
This is my Matteo, not his Ian! Who is he to stop me from taking my son? I only have him now. 
She finally lost it under a massive flood of fear. With teary eyes, she almost wanted to snatch her son back, but the child finally spoke, “Daddy, what are you doing?” 
Sasha was dumbstruck.
Daddy? My Matteo…called this man Daddy? 
On the other hand, Sebastian wasn’t surprised as the hospital notified him about Ian. 
So he lowered his head and looked at his son. “Daddy will take you home.” 
“No! I want to go to preschool.” 
Then, Ian broke free from his father’s grip and walked directly toward Sasha. 
She was overjoyed when she saw this. Ignoring everything else, she stepped forward and carried him in her arms. 
“Alright, we won’t go home but to the preschool. Sebastian, I’m only taking him back there and nowhere else. Since he’s so eager to go there, let’s not affect him with our matters,” said Sasha while she carried her son instantly. 
Then, before the man had time to react, she left speedily with the two children and was soon nowhere to be seen. 
Left behind in the clinic, Sebastian was enraged. 
Sasha Wand! 
— 
Sasha ran frantically with her two children all the way until they got in a cab. After the frightened family had arrived at Old Town, she finally carried them off the car. 
Then, she went to a small park nearby and didn’t want to move anymore.
“Mommy?” As a girl, Vivian was more meticulous. When she saw her in this situation, she immediately leaned her chubby face over and asked caringly. 
Sasha hugged her adorable daughter when she saw this. 
Not long after, she saw her son staring at her eagerly, so she reached out her hand and pulled him into her arms too. 
“Mommy is okay, don’t worry. Mommy’s just a little tired, and I just need to rest for a bit.” 
###Chapter 94
Chapter 94
She held her two children in her arms. Worn out, she felt incredibly guilty and pained. 
When and how did Matteo know about his father? Besides, why does he have so many physical defects that I have no idea about? What am I doing? How can a mother not know anything this serious? 
For the first time, she felt that she had failed miserably as a mother. 
“Matteo, tell Mommy. Did you already know about Daddy?” Sasha finally calmed herself down and asked the boy. 
After hearing that, Ian, who was lying in her chest, immediately drooped his head. He felt helpless and didn’t know how to explain it to his mother. 
He was actually scared that she would abandon him after he told her the truth. 
Fortunately, Vivian was there. When she saw him afraid to speak, she blinked her sparkling eyes and helped Ian. 
“Yeah, Mommy. Vivi knows too.” 
“Huh? You too?” 
“Yeah, because Mommy was always bullied and even kept away by Daddy, Matt became angry, so he followed the bad guy that got you and found out who Daddy is.” In a childish voice, the little girl explained how the siblings found out about their father. 
After listening, words couldn’t describe Sasha’s emotions at that moment.
Well, it makes sense. Although my son is only five, he has an exceptional IQ and can hack into the entire local network server in Clear. So what’s so strange about him finding out about his useless father? 
Sasha decided to drop the topic and looked at the little guy sadly. 
Both mother and son went quiet. 
Suddenly, the two kids had a gut feeling that something terrible was about to happen. 
“Matteo, Mommy feels really guilty about you because… I never knew about your health problems. It’s all Mommy’s fault. Mommy will take you back to Clear, alright? Let’s go as soon as possible. From now on, I will only focus on getting you well, alright?” 
Sasha held her son’s tiny hands and told him her decision while enduring her pain within. 
Huh… I should’ve prioritized the more important things instead of those significant matters that didn’t belong to me in the first place. How can he endure all these without me knowing? He’s only five! 
Sasha lowered her gaze and tears started flowing down uncontrollably. 
The siblings were shocked upon hearing her words. Go back to Clear? No way! Mommy is taking us out of here? Then, what about Matteo? He’s still in Frontier Bay! 
Ian was frightened. If Mommy leaves, does that mean I’ll be left alone again? I don’t have anyone here… Is she abandoning me again? 
Ian teared up and ran away from his mother’s arms. 
“Matteo! Why are you running away? Come back! Don’t run!” Sasha quickly stood up and rushed over with her daughter. 
What’s wrong with him? Why did he run away when I told them about going back to Clear?
Sasha was confused. Perhaps, if she realized that it was Ian instead of Matteo, she would understand. 
However, for Ian, it was the most unacceptable thing for his mother to abandon him again. 
— 
Matteo’s father brought him home that day. 
This bad Daddy must be rejected by Ian, who chose Mommy, so that’s why he looks so angry. He even ignored me when I said hi to him first. Hmph! Bad Daddy. I won’t talk to you if you neglect me! 
Sitting at the back, Matteo took out his snacks from his little backpack from preschool and ate his lollipop happily. 
“What are you doing?” 
“Huh? Nothing! I’m just playing.” 
There’s no way I will tell Daddy about how I have helped Ian secure his place at school today. If Daddy knew, he would beat me up! 
Matteo took out his toy car from one of his winnings. Eww! What’s this childish thing? I’m already in preschool! 
Sebastian had been observing the boy from the rearview mirror. How dare this ungrateful little brat turn to that woman immediately after five years of me taking care of him! But what is he doing? 
He was a little surprised when he noticed the little guy’s behavior. The boy simply threw his backpack on the seat and sat with his legs crossed.
“Ian, who taught you how to sit like that? Didn’t Daddy teach you about proper manners? Why did you already learn these bad habits after going to preschool for only two days?” 
###Chapter 95
Chapter 95
Matteo became quiet. 
After two seconds, Matteo slowly changed his sitting posture into how the little bore, Ian, would. 
I bet it was Daddy who taught the little bore to sit like that. 
Matteo sighed. 
Fortunately, his father didn’t say anything else after he corrected his sitting posture. Then, the two finally returned to Frontier Bay. 
“Hi, Mr. Ian. Are you hungry? I have made your favorite pastries! Do you want some?” 
“Yay! Thank you, Ms. Dolivo!” 
Smilingly, Matteo quickly agreed, and his bright smile stunned Wendy. 
Did Mr. Ian smile at me? Good lord, he actually smiles at me! I didn’t know that he would! He looks fantastic! 
The surprised Wendy immediately went to the kitchen to get the pastries. After Matteo saw that she had left, he went back to his room on the second floor with his little backpack. 
I gotta call Ian back. He called me when I was in the car just now, but I had to hang up on him so that Daddy won’t know. 
“Ian, where are you going? Aren’t you going to change?”
“Huh?” 
Matteo stopped heading upstairs and stared blankly at his father. 
Change? Why? 
Matteo didn’t know why his father said that. 
However, he would understand if he knew Ian was used to his father’s severe mysophobia, and his brother was trained with good hygiene habits. 
“What are you waiting for? Don’t you know that you have to go to the disinfection room to change into clean clothes before going to your room? Have you forgotten?” 
Sebastian felt strange. What’s wrong with my son today? Why is he so unusual? 
Matteo was shocked. 
Disinfection room? That little bore actually made one in his house? 
Defeated, Matteo could only come down from the stairs. “Sorry, Daddy. I forgot. I’ll go right away.” 
Then, the little guy went to the disinfection room with his little backpack. 
Sebastian sank into his thoughts. 
At that moment, with the pastries in her serving tray, she saw the scene and asked, “What’s the matter, Mr. Hayes?” 
He frowned as if trying to say something. Eventually, when the little figure was nowhere to be seen, he kept quiet and went upstairs. 
A few minutes later, Matteo called Ian with his smartwatch when he went back to his room.
“Hey, Ian?” 
“Matt! Matt! This is bad! Mommy is taking us to Clear, and Ian is ignoring everyone now!” 
Unexpectedly, Vivian answered the call, and she anxiously told her brother the situation in a childish voice. 
Mommy’s taking them out of here? Why? 
Matteo became worried too, and he quickly asked, “Why? Why is Mommy taking us back?” 
“Because she mistook Ian for you! When Ian was taken to the hospital, an old doctor took him for a medical check-up and discovered many illnesses. So Mommy became upset and thinking he was you instead. Now, she wants to take us back to Clear to heal you!” 
The little girl might look stupidly cute on the outside, but she could also explain things very clearly. 
Matteo’s expression changed after hearing that. 
“How did it turn out like this? I have to go back now if that’s the case.” 
“Yeah, you have to! Ian has been locking himself up forever and ignored Mommy no matter how she tried to talk him out of it!” 
Vivian turned to look at the locked door while agreeing with her brother. 
At that point, there was no other way out except for Matteo to go back to solve the problem. 
Hence, he let his sister soothe Ian for the time being, and he would go over and explain it to his mother when he got the chance. 
Well, it seems like we can’t hide it any longer.
Matteo hung up and he got frustrated thinking of the situation. 
Unexpectedly, Sebastian came up at that time. When he saw the closed door, he strode toward it and knocked. “Ian, what are you doing?” 
“Huh? Nothing, Daddy. I’m just playing inside.” 
As soon as Matteo heard his father’s voice, he gathered himself and quickly opened the door. 
“Daddy, why are you here? Are you looking for me?” 
Sebastian went quiet as he was not used to this smiling, little face. 
When did this little brat learn how to smile? Isn’t his attitude usually frosty? It’s so unusual for his five- year-old to show any signs of joy. 
What’s going on? 
After staring at the bright face for a while, he scowled and added, “I’m just here to tell you that the lady doctor won’t be here anymore from tomorrow onward.” 
###Chapter 96
Chapter 96
“Why?” Matteo asked with his eyes widened. 
Mommy won’t be here anymore? Why not? Is she unwilling to do that, or did Daddy ask her not to come anymore? I think it’s more likely to be the latter. 
Sure enough, Sebastian, who was peering down at the boy, immediately became impatient. “If she’s not coming, then so be it. Why do you ask so many questions?” 
“Then, it must be you who don’t want her to come over, right? Daddy, are you still angry about the thing that happened at the hospital? You can’t really blame her because I was the one who called her. Since I assumed that you’re too busy, I asked her to take me there. Don’t be angry, Daddy,” explained Matteo. 
He thought that his father was angry because of that, and he only knew about it after Ian texted him. He also assumed that his father became jealous when Ian chose Sasha over him. 
Unexpectedly, his father’s face became even uglier after Matteo’s explanation. 
“Why am I angry? Alright, let me tell you this. From tomorrow onward, Mr. Scott will be taking you to school, and Ms. Wendy will be taking care of you at home.” 
“What? Mr. Scott?” 
Matteo was not too happy with this news. 
He’s actually letting Mr. Scott take Ian to preschool every day now? So he’s really not letting Mommy over anymore? How can he do that? This is so unreasonable of him!
I’ve tried so hard to let Ian spend more time with Mommy and even switched our positions. 
Now Daddy banned her from coming just like that? 
He has no idea how big of a misunderstanding he has caused her! She’s feeling so guilty right now for assuming that I’m the one who’s sick! 
How can he be so thoughtless? 
Matteo became furious as well. He tightened his tiny fists, and anger replaced his smile. 
“Daddy, do you know that you are really annoying?” 
“What did you say? Annoying?” 
“Yes, I want to like you, but look at yourself. You lose your temper and bully others as you please. No one likes this kind of Daddy, and I won’t either!” 
After the disappointed child had expressed his thoughts with teary eyes, he turned around and slammed the door shut. 
Sebastian was dumbstruck as he didn’t see it coming from this little guy, and he hadn’t heard anything like it from him before. 
What did he mean by wanting to like me? Did he not like me before? 
Am I not his Daddy? What is actually going on with him today? Is he a different boy? 
Sebastian was enraged again. 
However, since his son had shut the door on him. Seeing that, he contained his irritation and thought of talking to him after he felt better.
Sasha, look at what you’ve done! 
When the man left, he still assumed that it was her who changed his son’s temper. 
— 
Sasha was serious about leaving with her two children and started looking up flights on her computer as soon as she got home. 
Remaining silent, Vivian would still check on Ian’s closed-door as told by Matt. 
I have to make sure that Ian’s fine. 
The little girl stood guard loyally. 
After looking for a while, Sasha realized there weren’t many flights to Clear because of the cold weather, so she could only turn her computer off in disappointment. 
“Vivi, what are you doing? Where’s Matt?” 
“Huh? Oh, Matt? He’s still in his room. Mommy, are we leaving now?” Vivian was still concerned about this matter and immediately asked as soon as she saw her mother. 
Sasha shook her head. “No. We will probably be in a day or two. Has Matt come out yet?” Sasha asked. 
After Ian locked himself in his room, Sasha wanted to coax him. Why is my son acting strange? He didn’t respond to me at all, even when I tried to call for him. Is he feeling guilty that I’ve found out that he’s sick and tries to hide from me? 
That thought stabbed her in her heart. 
Vivian nodded. “Yeah, Mommy. Maybe Matt didn’t want to leave. So please can we stay?”
“No, we have to. Matt’s sick. Don’t worry, Mommy will cook first, and I will talk to him later. I’m sure he’ll be fine after that.” 
Sasha soothed her daughter and went to the kitchen to start cooking. 
She had confidence in her son as he had always been very understanding. She believed that he would be fine after talking to him. 
Unexpectedly, she found the room to be empty when she went to unlock the door after she finished cooking. 
###Chapter 97
Chapter 97
Gosh! Please tell me this is not happening! 
Sasha could hear her heart pounding away as the surroundings suddenly became muted. “Vivi, where’s Matt?” 
“Matt? He’s inside his room. I didn’t see him coming out, Mommy,” Vivian replied without taking her eyes off the paper plane in her hand. 
She had been folding paper planes on the floor for some time and did not even realize that her brother was missing. 
Vivian was not a very observant kid. She was still young and unlike her brothers, she was not very sensitive to her surroundings. She put the paper plane down and blinked her eyes at Sasha in oblivion. 
Sasha clicked her tongue at her clueless daughter. She knew she had to go look for Matteo on her own. Grabbing an overcoat from the clothes stand, she hurried out of the house without losing another moment. 
It was almost seven in the evening and night was falling. 
—— 
Over at Royal Court One, the clock struck seven—it was dinner time. 
When Sebastian heard Wendy calling from downstairs, he quickly tidied up the stuff in his study and went downstairs after a whole day of tiring work.
“Here you are, Mr. Hayes. I’ve been knocking on Ian’s door a few times, but he refused to come out. What should I do now?” the anxious housemaid asked, clasping her hands before her chest. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll go get him,” Sebastian said, turning towards Ian’s room. 
He had been working the whole day, and just as he thought he could finally have dinner and relax, Ian was being difficult. A frown spread across his brows on his tired face as he headed towards the nursery. 
“Ian, open the door, Daddy’s here. It’s dinner time.” 
No one answered. 
There was dead silence, as if there was no one inside. 
Is he asleep? 
The frown on Sebastian’s brows deepened and he turned the door handle. 
Behind Sebastian, Wendy poked her head in and looked around. “There’s no one here. Where’s Mr. Ian?” the maid asked nervously. 
Her face started turning pale and she gasped in horror. 
Even Sebastian was shocked. The frown instantly vanished and his eyes widened in fear as he checked out every corner of the room. 
Ian was a bad-tempered child, and he liked locking himself in his own room whenever he was upset—but he would never leave without telling anyone. He was not that ill-behaved. 
He knew Sebastian would be furious if he were to do it. 
Where on earth is he?
The veins on Sebastian’s forehead throbbed like they were going to burst. “Summon all the guards! Find out what happened!” he roared as he darted downstairs in light speed. 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes!” Wendy cried out and followed after him. 
She knew things were going to turn really ugly this time. 
It’s already so late at night, where can Ian be? Everyone will be in deep trouble if we can’t find the kid anywhere in the compound. 
Wendy gathered all the guards within just a couple of minutes. The whole villa was brightly lit and the whole team was mobilized to look for the missing child. 
Meanwhile, Matteo was already outside of the villa when everyone was frantically searching for him. 
It was totally not his intention to leave without telling anyone. After receiving Vivian’s text, his original plan was to wait till tomorrow morning when Daddy would be out for work. 
But Ian called him twenty minutes ago and his whole plan just went haywire. “Is Mommy going to desert me again?” Ian asked when he was on the phone with Matteo. 
Matteo tried explaining everything to him and assuring him, but to no avail. “It’s not like that, Ian. Mommy did that because she thought you were me. You must understand that she was worried crazy.” 
“So, it means she chose you over me, right?” Ian asked coldly after considering the issue from every angle. 
Ian had always thought that Sasha could not wait to bring Matteo back to Clear because she was worried sick and she felt guilty.
But when Ian thought harder about the whole thing, it also meant that Sasha was abandoning his eldest son again. 
Matteo really did not know how to comfort Ian, but before he could do anything, Ian had already hung up. 
Matteo tried calling him again, but Ian had already switched off his smartwatch and was no longer reachable. 
This made Matteo broke out in cold sweat. 
So instead of just waiting for Ian’s news, Matteo stole away immediately to look for him. 
He was afraid Ian would do something stupid. 
By the time he got off the cab and dashed up to his house, only Vivian was home. 
“You’re back? Ian’s gone and Mommy’s looking for him right now. What should we do now?” Vivian ran over and asked anxiously the moment she realized it was Matteo who came back. 
She quickly filled Matteo in on everything that had happened at home. 
Matteo’s face darkened with worry as he listened to Vivian. 
I knew it. I knew something’s gonna happen. Seriously, why does this little bore have such a short temper? Can’t he just wait a little longer? 
Matteo paced around in the house with his heart in his mouth. Thoughts raced through his mind as he tried to come up with a plan. He ruffled his hair in frustration before dashing for the door and headed out to look for Ian. 
He figured it would be easier for him to look for Ian since he had called him on his smartwatch earlier on. As a skilled hacker, Matteo could use his tablet to locate Ian.
###Chapter 98
Chapter 98
After Matteo left the apartment, he found a suitable spot and sat down. 
But just as he thought he would not bump into anyone he knew, a car sped by in the neighborhood and someone spotted him. 
“Kelly, I’m not sure if I’m seeing things, but I think I just saw your niece’s stepson in Old Town.” 
The sky was already dark and the woman in the car was simply taking a cursory glance at the surroundings. If it were not for the sudden beam of light from the tablet that shone right in Matteo’s face in the dark when he switched on the tablet, she would not have even spotted him sitting there all alone. 
“Old Town?” Kelly asked, alarmed. 
Kelly was at home when her friend called her and told her what she saw. 
The family had never had a moment of peace ever since Xandra went to Hayes Corporation to work two days ago. 
She was all dressed up and her mood was phenomenally good when she went out. But she came back dejected when she did not even get to enter the company. 
“Are you sure you saw that kid?” Kelly asked, her grip tightening around her phone. 
“Hm, I think it’s him. Let me go back and check,” the woman said, taking a U-turn and driving back to where she first saw Matteo.
Kelly stole a look at her niece and shook her head. Xandra had been fervently trimming her plants like a psycho for the whole day. 
After a few minutes, Kelly’s phone beeped and a photo showed on her screen. 
It showed a boy who looked exceptionally familiar. He had a small bag on his back and he was sitting on a staircase, playing with his tablet. 
This is really him! This is Xandra’s stepson! 
She sprung from the couch and beckoned her niece to come over. “Cut it out, Xandra. You won’t get to go to the company even if you cut away all the flowers in the world. I have something that you might want to see. Come here.” 
Xandra looked up at her aunt without saying a word. Tending to plants was never her favorite pastime. But ever since she got back from the company, she had been trimming the bonsai. Even she herself could not understand why she became so compulsive. 
She realized she had been cutting the branches a lot ever since that darn woman came back to life and ruined her life. 
Snip! The thought of that woman made Xandra’s blood boil and she clenched her grip tight around the scissors, cutting off another branch forcefully. 
She looked at the nearly-bald bonsai before throwing the pair of scissors aside and walked over without betraying any emotions on her face. 
Kelly held out her phone towards Xandra and showed her the photo. “Take a look. Isn’t this boy Sebastian’s son?” 
Sebastian?
The mention of his name lightened Xandra’s mood. She hastened her steps towards her aunt and grabbed the phone over. 
“Who sent this?” she asked the moment she saw the photo. 
“One of my besties. She said she saw him in Old Town. I wonder why Sebastian’s son is there though. What do you think?” Kelly asked. 
Xandra darted her eyes around as she thought hard. “I don’t think he’ll ever go to that place. It looks filthy.” 
“I know right. He’s Ian Hayes. I don’t think someone of his status will ever go to a place like that. Why not we probe into this? Who knows what we might find out?” 
Kelly’s keen observation told her things were not as simple as they seemed. She pored over every detail of the picture and her gut feeling told her there must be something more to it. 
Beside her, Xandra nodded in agreement before instructing their men to do a thorough investigation of the area. 
Now that they had started an investigation, it was impossible for Sasha and the kids to remain under the radar. Although Old Town was not as well-surveilled as New Town, there were still security cameras on the main roads. 
It did not take long before Xandra and Kelly found out about everything. 
“Sasha Wand! She lives in Old Town?” 
Xandra exclaimed at the top of her voice when she looked at the footage on her phone. Her face turned crooked in disgust and anger as if she would rip the woman in her screen into shreds.
Kelly was equally shocked when she saw the footage. 
But the two did not realize that the little boy in the footage was not Ian, but Matteo since the brothers looked identical to each other. 
“So she actually brought Ian to her place? I really don’t understand what’s happening. Ian has grown so fond of her ever since she came into his life. Look at this. He’s following her around wherever she goes!” 
Xandra seethed with anger as her slender finger pointing at the screen quivered uncontrollably. 
What happened at the company two days ago already made her feel humiliated beyond measure. Now that she saw the surveillance camera footage, she totally lost it. 
“Stupid b*tch! I’m gonna kill her! I swear I’m gonna kill her!” she screamed and ran out of the door. 
Kelly reacted immediately and pulled her back. 
“Are you crazy? Do you want to kill her yourself? Get someone else to do it! She won’t be lucky enough to survive,” Kelly reminded her. 
A glimmer of devilry shone in her dark eyes as she drilled her glare through the photo of Matteo. 
—— 
Back at Royal Court One, Frontier Bay. 
Sebastian almost went berserk when he saw Ian standing calmly at the door with his bag. The boy stood in front of the gate and looked at his dad quietly. 
Sebastian rushed over immediately, his furious glare fixated on the boy as his steps hastened into a run. He raised his quaking hand at the child when he finally came close, ready to teach him a good lesson.
###Chapter 99
Chapter 99
Sebastian stopped in the air as his worried gaze fell on the boy he had been looking for the past hour. Ian’s eyes were watered with tears and his nose was red. 
Sebastian’s hand gradually lowered and guilt budded in his heart. He knew he should not have lashed out at Ian for no reason. The kid would not have run away if he had not lost his temper. 
“Where have you been?” 
Sebastian knelt down before Ian, trying to soften his voice. 
But he never expected that his gentle tone would make that stubborn boy broke down in tears. Ian ran up into his embrace and dug his head in Sebastian’s chest. “Daddy…” 
After everything that happened at Sasha’s place, Ian could not hold it in any longer when he saw Sebastian. Hot tears rolled down his cheeks, soaking Sebastian’s shirt wet. 
Ian felt Mommy and his siblings had all forsaken him. 
And the only person he had now was Daddy. Sebastian was his only comfort when the whole world turned against him. 
Sebastian slowly wrapped his hands around the wailing child, not knowing how to react. 
“What happened, Ian? Daddy’s here. Tell me what happened.” 
Sebastian’s voice was rigid and awkward. He had attended countless business talks at work but never had he felt this nervous and helpless.
A thought flickered in his mind and the expression on his face instantly hardened. I’ll turn the whole Avenport upside down if I find out who did this to my child. 
But instead of answering Sebastian, Ian just cried his heart out. 
When he finally calmed down again, he looked at Sebastian and said, “Daddy, can I sleep in your room tonight?” 
Sebastian’s eyes widened as he looked Ian in the eyes. He scooped him up in his arms and fury glistered in his eyes. 
Ian was a withdrawn child. Although he was very attached to Sebastian, he had never once asked to sleep in Sebastian’s room. Ian was a grown boy and he had his own ego. His dignity never allowed him to ask to sleep in his father’s room. 
Something must have happened to him. I know he’ll never put aside his pride and make such a request. 
After bringing Ian up to his room, Sebastian mobilized all the bodyguards under Hayes Corporation to get to the bottom of what happened. He wanted to know exactly what happened when Ian went missing. 
—— 
Meanwhile, Sasha could not find Matteo after searching every nook and cranny. 
She had been looking for him for the whole night, but still, she found no sign of him. 
“Matt? Where are you? Matt! I’m sorry! I won’t force you to go back anymore, I promise!” 
Sasha was on the verge of losing her mind. Her search had been unfruitful for the past hours. She flashed her torchlight around desperately as she strolled down the streets of Old Town. Fear was eating her up and she was contemplating if she should just knock on the neighbors’ door one after another to look for Matteo.
Back at home, Vivian was also getting anxious. Mommy and Matteo had been out for a few hours already, and there was still no news of them. Vivian could not just sit and wait any longer. She picked up the phone and called Uncle Jackson. 
“Uncle Jackson, Mommy and Matt are missing. What should I do…” 
Vivian’s voice broke into tears once the call got through. 
Jackson and Sharon were already in bed when the phone rang. The night was cold and it was already midnight. Anyone would be in bed already. 
Jackson immediately sat up in his bed the moment he heard Vivian’s voice. “Vivi? Is that you, Vivi?” 
The girl bawled her eyes out over the phone. “Yes… I’m Vivi. Could you please come over? Mommy and Matt have been missing the whole night, and I’m alone at home…” 
Jackson struggled to get out of bed in a hurry as Vivian’s cry rang through the phone. 
He told Vivian he would go over and hung up immediately, but Sharon quickly stopped him. 
“Where are you going? It’s so cold outside. Go back to bed and leave it to me.” 
Having said that, she got out of bed, bundled up, and made a call. In no time, a few people came over and all of them set out for Old Town. 
When Sharon and her friends reached twenty minutes later, they saw Sasha going from door to door, asking people if they had seen Matteo. 
“Hello! Open up, please. I’m looking for my son. Could you please open up?”
Her voice was growing coarse after a whole night of shouting, and her tears had dried under the chilling cold. But the exasperated mother was still looking for her son in the cold dark. 
Has she gone crazy? 
Sharon shook her head as she came over and stopped Sasha. “What are you doing? Do you know what time it is already?” 
Sasha turned her stiff neck around slowly and saw her aunt. Her face was red and swollen under the beating of the freezing wind. 
“Aunt Sharon… Matt… Matt is missing…” 
Speaking, she clung to Sharon as if she was her last hope and started weeping. 
###Chapter 100
Chapter 100
Sharon had never seen Sasha this distressed. She heaved a sigh and held her niece in her arms. 
“Listen to me, Sasha. We will find him. I will make sure we find Matteo.” 
Sasha nodded and composed herself. 
Her aunt’s words echoed like a beacon of hope in the storm. Sharon’s appearance was like the light at the end of the tunnel for Sasha. 
She knew Aunt Sharon would be able to help her. 
Sharon was the only reason why the Wand family could survive after they went bankrupt. She was also the one who dealt with the mess Sasha created for the whole family. 
Sasha was confident her aunt would be able to help her this time. 
After a whole night of investigation, Sharon and her lot found out that someone had kidnapped Matteo. 
“Yeah, I swear I saw the boy. He was on his tablet when a black van drove up next to him. A man came down and covered his mouth before dragging him into the car.” 
The stranger told them everything he saw and even described accurately what Matteo was wearing and the bag he carried when he was pulled into the car. 
Sasha almost fainted when she found out Matteo was kidnapped. 
No mother would be able to take the agony of losing her child to a kidnapper. They treasured their children like their own lives, and they would protect their children with their lives.
Sasha lay in Sharon’s car until the break of the day. She opened her eyes gradually when the first ray of the morning sun struck her face. After a short rest, her throat was sore and parched. 
“I hope you feel refreshed. We need to make a police report today and ask them to look into this,” Sharon said when she saw Sasha finally awake. 
The police? 
Sasha was still feeling groggy after a nap. Everything happened so quickly yesterday it took her some time to recall everything. 
When she finally came around, she sat up in alarm and shook her head. 
“No, we can’t go to the police. He will find out about it if I make a police report. I will look for Matt myself!” 
She opened the car door and dashed out, disheveled and not even knowing where she was going. 
“Sasha Wand! Come Back! What do you think you’re doing?” 
Sharon jumped off the car and raced towards her when she saw Sasha running away. 
Gosh, does she have to be so quick? Damn it! 
Sharon lost Sasha after running after her for about five minutes. 
Panting heavily, Sharon went back to her car and made for the police station. 
She knew who Sasha was trying to hide from. She did not want the child’s father, Sebastian, to find out about it. If this spiraled out of control, the news would reach his ears. 
But Sharon could not afford to worry about that anymore. The police were their final resort. This could well involve a whole ring of human traffickers and the police would have to step in if this was the case.
They would put Matteo’s photo online and asked the community to help look for the missing child. Anyone who knew Sebastian had a son would easily recognize Matteo. 
—— 
Little did Sharon and Sasha know, despite them trying all they could to hide it from Sebastian, he had already received a call from the kidnappers in the morning right after he woke up. 
“Morning, Mr. Hayes. Did you sleep well yesterday? Or were you up worrying about your missing child? Do you miss him?” 
The mechanical voice on the phone sounded heavily altered, but still, the insolence in the kidnapper’s voice was conspicuous. 
Sebastian looked at the sleeping child from the corner of his eyes and hung up without saying a word. 
That’s crazy! 
He let off a grunt and went to wash up in the bathroom. After getting a change, he headed downstairs, only to see the bodyguard he dispatched yesterday waiting for him by the staircase. 
“Mr. Hayes, we found out where Ian was yesterday. He went to Old Town.” 
Old Town? 
Sebastian’s brows furrowed. “Why did he go to Old Town?” 
The bodyguard evaded his questioning glare. “We’re not sure why he went there But we found him going in and out of a rental apartment. And the apartment belongs to Ms. Wand.” 
“Who? Sasha?”
The air suddenly became cold in the living room. 
So Ian went to her place last night. 
Why is he so fond of her? Did she cast a spell on him or something? I can’t allow this to go on. Ian ran away without telling any of us yesterday, who knows what he will do in the future? 
Anger clouded Sebastian’s face as he thought about Sasha. 
“Call Luke and ask him to get that woman out of Avenport. I don’t want to see her again!” 
Opposite Sebastian, the bodyguard raised his brows in surprise. 
Get her out of Avenport? 
Aren’t you the one who brought her back in the first place? Now you’re asking us to get rid of her after everything you’ve done to get her back? 
The bodyguard was totally befuddled. 
###Chapter 101
Chapter 101
Since Sebastian had made it explicit that he wanted Sasha out of Avenport, the bodyguard had no choice but to do as he was asked to. 
After sorting things out with the bodyguard, Sebastian went upstairs again and got ready for work. 
Just as he was about to leave his room, his phone rang again. He groaned and picked it up. “What is it?” he asked impatiently. 
“Mr. Hayes, you don’t care about your son anymore, do you? I’ll kill your son if you dare hang up again!” 
Sebastian rolled his eyes at the familiar voice. 
“Hey, what do you want? Money? If you’re thinking about ripping me off, dream on. I have no time for games!” Sebastian’s patience was wearing thin. The day sure did not start well with these annoying calls bothering him. 
“It seems like you don’t believe that I have your son, Mr. Hayes. Fine then, I’ll send you a picture of him, and you can take a look for yourself. Make sure you come prepared with one billion!” 
The kidnapper hung up without waiting for a reply. 
Sebastian stared at his phone in disbelief before the screen lighted up again. He just received a photo from the man. 
Instantly, he tapped on it and zoomed in on the child. It was indeed a photo of a child being held hostage. Sebastian could not tell where the place was, but the kid in an orange jacket was bound up with thick ruffian ropes on a small chair. His complexion was fair, and his cheeks were chubby. Although his eyes were covered with a rugged black cloth, his mouth and his nose were still visible.
Sebastian squinted his eyes at the boy, perplexed. 
Well, this sure looks like Ian. 
But Ian is in my room. 
Sebastian headed out of the room with his eyes on his phone, still taken aback by how much the boy in the photo looked so similar to his son. He was so surprised he did not even notice Ian was already out of bed and was standing by the staircase leading to the second floor. Still in a daze, Ian stared at him blankly with his Transformers toy in his hand. 
Sebastian heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Ian. 
He deleted the photo in his phone and bolted down the stairs towards Ian. “I didn’t know you’re awake. Why didn’t you change out of your pajamas?” 
Sebastian reached out toward him, wanting to bring him back to his room for a change. 
But Ian took a step back and looked at Sebastian, his face white as a sheet. “Were you on the phone with someone, Daddy? I heard someone got kidnapped.” 
Sebastian was astonished Ian actually overheard his call. 
He waved his hand dismissively, saying, “It’s nothing. You heard it wrong. It’s a call from the office.” 
“I know what I heard, Daddy. Someone said your son has been kidnapped, right?” Ian looked at Sebastian in the eyes with his hands clenched up tightly as he reiterated his question. 
“Well, yeah… But you’re here, so it must be a prank call.” Sebastian shrugged his shoulders, not understanding why his son was so worked up. 
The boy stood there quietly, and his body started quivering.
For a moment, Sebastian thought he was seeing things. Ian seemed disconcerted, and his face was so pale. 
“Are you okay, Ian? Did you catch a cold?” 
Sebastian dropped the topic and went closer, wanting to bring Ian back to the room. “Let’s go get changed, okay? You’re gonna catch a cold if you’re dressed so thinly.” 
Ian sprang away from him instantly and dashed down the staircase towards the door. Sebastian was totally taken aback seeing the boy running amok. 
“Ian! Come back! What’s wrong with you?” 
Sebastian darted after him, his furious voice reverberating along the staircase. Seriously, I really have to teach this boy a good lesson! 
Since when is he this rebellious? 
Sebastian chased after Ian and finally caught him at the collar and tugged him back in. 
“What do you think you’re doing, Ian Hayes? Do you want to stand in the corner?” Sebastian bellowed at the wild child. 
“Let me go! I want to go and find Ms. Nancy! Let me go!” 
Ian screamed and kicked all he could to free himself from Sebastian’s grip. Even his voice was wobbling and breaking into tears. 
He knew something must have happened to Matteo. Thus, he had to find Mommy and see if everything was okay. After he got home yesterday, he tried calling Matteo when he finally got a grip of himself, but none of his calls went through.
Ian called him again in the morning, but still, he could not reach Matteo. That was when Ian knew something must have gone wrong. 
Hence, he was stunned when he overheard the call at the staircase. Did someone mistake Matteo for me? Did someone kidnap him? 
Guilt came eating him up from the inside as these questions spun in his mind. He huffed and puffed, trying to break free from Sebastian. 
His shrieks and struggles infuriated Sebastian. 
The enraged father was on the verge of slapping the kid in his face to make him calm down. But Sebastian could not bring himself to do it. He felt helpless looking at Ian demanding to go back to Sasha. 
Why does he insist on going back to that woman? 
After everything I’ve done to make sure she stays away from him, he still wants to go back to her even when he doesn’t know she’s his mother. Is there really such a thing as an inexplicable bond between a mother and her child? 
Sebastian let out a sigh and finally caved. 
“Fine. I will bring you to her, but you have to promise me you’ll go get changed. You can’t go out wearing your pajamas.” 
“I’ll go right now!” 
Ian cried out and instantly rushed upstairs. 
Behind the boy, Sebastian raised his brows in resignation and shook his head.
Whatever. This will be the last time he’s seeing her anyway. And this time, I will make sure I get this point across when I see her. She will never be seeing Ian again. 
While waiting, Sebastian craned his neck impatiently and went upstairs to get his car keys.
###Chapter 102
Chapter 102
Ian got ready within ten minutes, and the two headed to Old Town. 
Sebastian never probed into where Sasha was living as he had always thought she was staying with her uncle. After all, that was what she told him. 
It was not until today that he found out that Sasha actually lied to him and that she had found another place to stay. 
This obviously did not set Sebastian in a good mood. Thus, he drove Ian to Old Town without saying a word. This neighborhood is simply too squalid and slummy. His nose wrinkled in disgust as he looked around. 
Beside him, Ian’s reaction was totally different. 
As the car drove nearer to Sasha’s place, Ian poked his head out of the window and looked around in expectation. He was looking for her, and Sebastian could tell from his actions that his son could not wait to see her. That little boy was scanning the area meticulously, trying to get a sign of his mother. 
Sebastian eyed the eager kid from the corner of his eyes and pursed his lips. Too bad this is the last time she gets to see Ian. The car drove towards an apartment, but Sebastian could not find a place to park since a large crowd had gathered at the entrance. Right in the middle of the group was a little girl who was holding a stranger’s hand. The person was trying to calm her down. 
Vivi! 
The moment Ian spotted her, he asked Sebastian to stop the car. He then jumped off immediately and ran over, pushing his way through the crowd. 
“Vivi!” he shouted with all his strength.
Vivian turned her head around, trying to locate the direction of the familiar voice. Her frightened gaze wandered around aimlessly. 
Ian! Ian’s here! 
The moment Vivian saw Ian, she let go of the man’s hand and darted toward Ian. She ran as she tried to hold back her tears welling up in her eyes. “Ian! You’re here!” 
She planted herself right in his open arms. 
Vivian was terrified after a whole night of anxious waiting. Sasha did not come home, and neither did her two brothers. This was the biggest fright of her life. When she finally saw a familiar face, she could not hold it in any longer. 
Ian instantly realized the despair on her face and welcomed his sister into his embrace. 
A frown of disdain settled on Sebastian’s brows as he looked at the little girl in Ian’s arms. Isn’t this the girl I saw at the hospital yesterday? She’s the illegitimate daughter of that woman. 
“What’s the matter? Why are you here? Where’s your mother?” 
Regardless of the aversion Sebastian felt towards the girl, he went closer and asked her what all this mess was about. 
Beckoned by a stern and unfamiliar voice, Vivi looked up and hid behind Ian. 
Both Sebastian and Ian suddenly became speechless. 
After a while, Ian turned around and asked gently, “Vivi, what happened? Where is Matt?” 
Vivi stole a timid look at Sebastian and then at her brother before finally talking again. “Matt came home after you left yesterday. When he heard that you’re gone, he went out to look for you, but he
hasn’t been home ever since then. He went missing, and Mommy went looking for him… And now, Mommy is missing as well…” 
Vivian finally lost it and broke down in tears, wailing away at the top of her voice. 
Ian’s hands dropped from his sister’s shoulders in shock when he heard everything. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian looked at his son’s reaction and the crying girl and was left confused. “Who went missing?” he asked again. 
“Matt… The bad guys got him…” Vivian answered again. 
“Who is Matt?” Sebastian inquired hastily. 
“My brother… Could you help me find him?” Vivian wiped away her tears and blinked her imploring eyes at Sebastian, hoping to get help. Although she knew the man standing before her was her father, she thought it would be better not to call him so without Mommy’s permission. 
Vivian’s request elicited an unexpected response from Sebastian. A mocking smile broke across his strikingly handsome face, making Vivian withdrew in fear. 
“So, are you telling me that your mother has another child other than you?” 
Vivian looked at him in silence. 
Yeah… Mommy has two more kids… Ian and Matt. We’re all Mommy’s babies. 
Looking at Sebastian’s expression, Ian decided to step in and begged him to help. “Daddy, please save Matteo before it’s too late.” 
“Why should I save him? He’s not related to me,” Sebastian asked in return.
His tone was scornful and indignant. 
Seriously, this woman never fails to surprise me. Not only has she an illegitimate daughter, but she also has another son. Hah! The last thing I would want to do is to associate myself with that disgusting woman! 
Just as Sebastian was about to reject his son’s entreat, his phone rang. 
“Sebastian Hayes, do you really want your kid to die? Fine! I’ll give you what you want!” 
Over the phone, there was a series of ruffling noises before a deafening gunshot pierced through the noises. Almost concurrently, a desperate scream joined in the commotion. “No!” A woman’s raucous shout came right after the gunshot. 
Sebastian’s mind went blank instantly. 
Even he could feel the anguish of the woman from her scream. 
Right then, Ian’s choking pleas shook Sebastian back to reality. The kid had heard the gunshot from the phone and broke down as he clung to Sebastian’s leg. “Daddy, I hate you! Why didn’t you save Mommy? Why didn’t you save Matteo?”
###Chapter 103
Chapter 103
Instead of waiting for Sebastian to come around, Ian pulled Vivian’s hand and ran off. They did not know where they had to go to seek help, but all they knew was they had to do something to find their Mommy and save Matteo. 
After a while, Sebastian finally came back to his senses and ran over to the two children. 
“Hey! Where do you think you’re going?” 
“Let us go! We want to go save Mommy!” Ian bellowed in uncontrollable rage. 
He glared at Sebastian with his eyes full of hatred as he pushed his hand away forcefully. 
It did not take long before Ian realized his blunder. He had shouted “Mommy” twice when he was lashing out at Sebastian. 
To Ian’s surprise, instead of interrogating him, Sebastian seemed unusually calm. 
He looked at the two kids for a few seconds and dragged them into the car. 
“Stay inside!” 
Speaking, he slammed the door behind them and went to the driver’s seat before the car zoomed off. 
Within a few minutes, the black Maybach was already out of Old Town when Luke called. “Mr. Hayes, I’ve got their whereabouts. They are in an abandoned vessel by the pier. We’ve already sent some helicopters and snipers over.” 
“Got it.” 
Sebastian hung up after receiving news from Luke.
He straightened his back and stepped hard on the pedal as the car sped down the street. Although he was caught in a tense situation, his face did not betray any emotions. Sebastian drove on steadily, just as he would any other day when he was going to work. 
Despite his cool, it was obvious that he took this incident seriously. After all, he had sent out helicopters and a few snipers. This itself was enough to illustrate how severe the situation was. 
A glimmer of zest broke out on the abductor’s face when his phone rang – he had been waiting anxiously for Sebastian’s call for the past fifteen minutes. 
“Mr. Hayes, have you made up your mind?” 
“Where’s the kid?” 
Sebastian ignored his question and interrogated the man about the child instead. 
“How do you know he’s not dead?” The man asked after a slight pause. 
An apathetic chuckle came from Sebastian’s side. “I figured you won’t kill the child, ’cause it’s money you want. Besides, it’s not like you have the guts to kill my son. You can’t afford to.” 
Sebastian’s threats rendered the man speechless. 
What Sebastian said was true, so the kidnapper had nothing to say in retaliation. 
“Well, yes, the child is still alive. I hope you’ve got the money ready.” 
“I have the one billion you want, but you’ll have to prove to me that the child is still alive,” Sebastian negotiated calmly but firmly. 
One billion was not a small amount, so Sebastian thought he had better err on the cautious side and make sure Matteo was alive. After all, Sebastian Hayes would never make a losing bargain.
The man half-expected Sebastian’s request. Thus, he fiddled with his phone for a bit and switched the voice call to a video call. 
When the video got less grainy and Sebastian could finally take a good look at the hostage, he finally understood why it was not a prank call. 
The kidnapper really had a child with him. 
But he was not the only person in the video. There was another woman. Although her face was splattered with blood, she had her shaking arms around the boy. 
“What are you doing? Don’t touch him!” the injured woman yelled. 
When the woman realized the man had them caught on a video, her arms tightened around the child she was protecting, trying to shield him from harm. 
Sasha Wand! 
Without Sebastian himself realizing, a hint of anger sparkled in his eyes as he narrowed his eyes at the familiar figure. 
“Get lost, woman! Or I’ll kill both of you!” 
The man shouted and lifted his leg to kick Sasha’s back mercilessly. 
“Mommy!” 
Matteo bawled the moment Sasha fell to the ground. The impact sent a fresh flow of blood gushing out of her shoulder as she hit against the cold, wet floor.
On the other hand, Sebastian’s face was taut with concentration. His nails dug deep into the leather steering wheel as his grip intensified. 
“Mommy!” Matteo cried out frantically as he knelt in front of Sasha, demented with worry and fear. 
“Come over here, you brat! Come over if you don’t want your mother to die!” 
The man gave Matteo a brutal tug and dragged the five-year-old over effortlessly, like an eagle preying on a small animal. 
“Let him go!” 
Sasha scrambled desperately towards the brute, stumbling her way to Matteo. Her body was soaked in blood, and yet, she was relentless. 
The man booted her aside and brought Matteo closer so Sebastian could see him. 
Sebastian almost hit the brake pedal in an emergency when he saw the boy. 
What he saw hit him like a lightning bolt. He jerked his head closer to the screen and scrutinized the boy before his eyes. 
Who is he? 
Ian? 
Wait, no! Ian’s in the car. Who on earth is this boy? Why does he look so much like Ian? 
His eyelids twitched as he looked at Matteo. An inexplicable glint flashed in his eyes as Sebastian fixed his gaze on the child.
###Chapter 104
Chapter 104
“Matt! Ian, look! It’s Matt!” 
Vivian cried and pulled Ian over. The two gasped in terror when they saw the atrocious scene. 
“So, Mr. Hayes, is this your son? You’d better pay up, or I’ll kill him right here!” the man jeered with a sadistic laugh. 
When the man saw Sebastian’s reaction, he knew instantly that Sebastian was shocked. 
Sebastian’s mind went blank. He totally did not expect to see a boy who looked just like Ian. 
Before he could recover from the shock, Sasha had already picked up a huge wench behind the man. Though she was struggling to get on her feet, she was ready to give that man a fatal blow. 
Sebastian’s eyes widened in alarm. Without a second thought, he hit the command button beside his hand. The snipers near the pier were already waiting for his order to shoot. 
Before Sasha could ambush the kidnapper, the man’s body froze at a muffled shot. Sasha took a step back instinctively as specks of warm blood splashed on her face. 
Right at that instant, she was lost for words. 
She stood looking at the man dropping to the ground with a blank stare. Everything happened so quickly that her body stiffened at the brutal sight. It was not until a pair of small, clammy hands tugged her that she finally came around and drooped her head, looking at the frightened child. 
“Mommy, Daddy’s here. He came to save us.” 
Sasha felt an unbearable burden lifted from her chest immediately. Then, she collapsed to the ground and passed out.
She had been out looking for Matteo for the entire night, and she was spent. The wound on her body, although not fatal, had sapped her of her remaining energy with all the excessive bleeding over the past hours. 
Help arrived in a timely fashion. The bodyguards took Matteo with them after Sasha was rushed to the hospital immediately. 
That was the first time Sebastian met his son – a son he had never seen over the past five years. 
Sasha had kept him well-hidden over the years. 
“I’m so sorry, Matt!” 
When Ian saw him, he ran over and apologized profusely. 
Matteo gave him a warm hug, a tired smile spread across his small face. “You have nothing to be sorry for, Ian. You’re my family, and I don’t want anything to happen to you either. Come to think of it, it’s good that I was the one who got kidnapped. I doubt you’ll be able to survive all this.” 
Tears welled up in Ian’s eyes when he heard what Matteo said. After all Matteo had been through, he was still thinking about Ian. 
Sebastian looked at Matteo, and an approving smile subtly settled on his lips. 
Indeed, he was glad to have finally met his other son, but Matteo’s commendable character was what made Sebastian pleasantly surprised. 
For the past five years, Sebastian had given the best education to Ian. Yet, Matteo also grew up well despite not being as privileged. 
His character and mannerism were exceptionally refined and applaudable.
This sure put Sebastian in a good mood. 
Seeing the happiness on his father’s face, Ian held his siblings’ hands and suggested that they go greet Sebastian. 
But the smile on Matteo’s face suddenly vanished as he pulled back his hand. 
“I’ll go wait for Mommy. Let’s go, Vivi.” 
“Sure,” Vivian agreed. 
The two turned and left without even looking at Sebastian. 
In the meantime, Ian and Sebastian looked at one another, not knowing what to say. 
Did my son just turn his back on me? He doesn’t even care if I’m his father? 
A gloom settled over Sebastian’s chiseled face. Ian came over and wanted to explain Matteo and Vivian’s behavior, but Sebastian just patted him gently on his head and assured him before going after the two kids. 
Sebastian knew he was the one who had to do the explaining. 
After all, he had never done anything for Matteo. 
“Matt. That’s your name right? Matt.” 
Sebastian asked when he caught up with the kids who were in front of the operating theater. He then bent down towards the boy and inquired gently. 
Nonetheless, Matteo was not buying it at all. He turned his head and looked to another side.
Although his reaction was quick, Sebastian still caught a glimpse of tears in the boy’s eyes. 
Right then, guilt immediately crept in Sebastian’s heart. 
“I’m sorry, Matt. I never knew about you. That’s why I dismissed the kidnapper’s call when he said he had my son. I would have done everything I could to save you if I knew. I really didn’t mean to come so late.” 
As a father himself, Sebastian knew why the child was angry and did not want to greet him though the kid knew he was his father. 
True enough, that was why Matteo was disappointed. 
When Matteo got carried off, the kidnapper clearly told him that he had called Sebastian three times. 
And yet Sebastian simply ignored those calls. On the contrary, Sasha was the one who came to his rescue. Using her tablet, she located Matteo and came to protect him.
###Chapter 105
Chapter 105
Matteo’s eyes watered as he thought about his mother. He knew he was the reason why she was so badly wounded. 
The boy blinked his eyes hard to force back his tears. 
Before long, he finally came to terms with his emotions and turned towards Sebastian. “Do you blame Mommy?” 
Sebastian looked at him, puzzled. 
“Mommy lied to you. Do you blame her for that?” He looked at Sebastian in the eyes. 
From his unwavering gaze, Sebastian could tell there was worry and fear. 
Do I blame her? 
The question resounded in Sebastian’s mind as he thought about everything that had happened. He would be lying if he said he did not blame her at all. She hid Matteo from him for five years and even told him that Ian was the only one who survived. 
But what about now? Do I still blame her? 
Thoughts battled in Sebastian’s mind. First, she faked her death. Now he even found out that she kept his son from him – one who was still alive. If Sasha were not in the operation room right now, Sebastian could have well thrown her into the deep seas. 
But do I still blame her? 
The bloody scene of how Sasha protected Matteo flashed before his mind. Sebastian pursed his lips and shook his head determinedly.
“No, I don’t blame her. She’s the one who raised you.” 
“Really?” 
A smile broke out on Matteo’s face when Sebastian finally elicited an answer. 
“Yes, it’s true. I don’t blame her,” Sebastian assured him. 
“Then will you take care of Mommy?” 
“Sure!” Sebastian replied without the slightest hesitation. 
What Sebastian said was heart-felt. Sasha was severely injured after the incident. Thus, Sebastian would definitely provide the care she needed since she was his kids’ mother. 
After that, Matteo finally forgave his father, and the two made up. 
Sebastian decided to bring all the three kids back to Frontier Bay throughout Sasha’s stay at the hospital, although he was still not comfortable around Vivian. 
“Let’s go. You can’t stay here since your mother’s still in the ward,” Sebastian called out coldly to Vivian. Things were still a little awkward between the two. 
Incipient tears rolled furiously in the girl’s eyes. 
Why is Daddy so cold to me? He was so nice to Matt just now. I’m also his child, but he didn’t recognize me… 
Seeing his sister so upset, Matteo came over and comforted her. “Vivi, we have to head home first. Mommy will definitely be disappointed when she finds out that Daddy already knew about my existence. She will be even more upset if she finds out Daddy knows about you too.”
“Yeah, we should just wait till Mommy wakes up,” Ian came over and urged. 
Vivian nodded firmly and went with them in the end. She was the last child Mommy could claim as her own, so Vivian was determined to keep it that way. At that moment, she had made up her mind to not let Mommy feel hurt. 
The three kids followed Sebastian home to Frontier Bay. 
A huge reason why Sebastian did not recognize Vivian was because she was the smallest among the triplets when they were born. 
Sasha gave birth to the triplets prematurely eight months into pregnancy. If it were not for Dr. Kaye, who performed a C-section on her, the children would not have survived. 
But because Vivian was the smallest in size when they were born, she still looked like she was a year or two younger than her brothers. That was why it never occurred to Sebastian that she was one of the triplets. 
Besides, daughters usually took over their mothers’ appearance, so Sebastian was totally unsuspecting of Vivian’s identity. He brought the three kids home, thinking only Matteo and Ian were his children. 
Over at the Greens, Xandra was fuming when she found out about what happened. 
“That sl*t! I can’t believe she actually kept another child to herself. The other twin did not even die in the first place!” 
Her whole face twisted in fury and hatred. 
Beside her, Kelly was equally mad as she was the one who arranged the whole kidnapping
The original plan was to kidnap Ian and make Sebastian realize that his son had been visiting Sasha at her place. 
Kelly wanted to incite Sebastian against Sasha so he would get rid of her. But just as she was feeling proud of her fool-proof plan, the long-lost twin came out of nowhere and spoiled her plan. 
“I can’t believe she has been hiding one of the twins all this while! That cunning b*tch!” Xandra screeched. 
Kelly was busy making other arrangements to make sure everything did not trace back to her when she caught Xandra wallowing at the corner. 
“What do you think you’re doing? All you know is to complain. Will that solve the problem?” 
Xandra finally quietened down after her aunt scolded her, but the abhorrence in her eyes was still obvious. 
“With things turning out this way, Sebastian will definitely not go easy on the main culprit behind this. We have to lay low for now,” Kelly warned her niece. 
“So I’m supposed to just sit here and watch her go into Hayes Residence like it’s her own house? Do you know that her two kids are at Frontier Bay already?” Xandra howled. 
She knew she could not just wait and do nothing. Regardless, Sasha was not an incompetent rival, and Xandra knew it full well from her past dealings with her.
###Chapter 106
Chapter 106
Xandra had been under tremendous stress recently as things kept happening one after another without giving her a break. When she found out their plan failed, they shouted in vexation like a madman. 
Kelly glared at her useless niece from the corner of her eyes and smacked her lips. “Let’s go on a vacation. We should go abroad to get your mind off this.” 
“What? Now?” Xandra questioned in surprise. 
Nevertheless, Kelly ignored her disapproving gaze and proceeded to book the flight tickets. 
“You need some time off. As for me, it’s better for me to make myself scarce, so Sebastian doesn’t find out anything. It will be the end of the story if Sebastian traces things back to us.” 
Xandra clenched her jaw, wanting to disagree, but she knew what her aunt said was true. Hence, she finally gave in. 
“You can take this chance to study abroad as well. A woman of substance is always better than a woman with just a pretty face. I remember Sebastian loved all the letters you wrote him last time. You should study a little and improve yourself. Perhaps he might fall in love with you all over again,” Kelly said while booking two tickets on the airline website. 
Xandra listened to her quietly and nodded. 
Two days passed, and Sasha finally woke up. 
Her injury was not fatal, but her body was weak, to begin with. Besides, she lost too much blood from her injury. That was why it took her a good two days to finally come around. 
Sasha was dazed and confused when she first woke up. For a long time, she stared into the while ceiling, trying to recall what happened to her.
“Sasha? Are you awake? You okay?” A surprised voice came from beside her. 
Sasha turned her head around slowly and looked at the man. 
“Uncle Jackson?” 
Jackson heaved a sigh of relief hearing his niece spoke. “Thank God you still know who I am. Let me get you some water.” 
He rolled his wheelchair towards the counter and poured her a drink. 
Sasha struggled to get up when she saw Jackson getting her a glass of water, only to cringe in pain when she strained her wound. 
“Don’t move. You should rest a little more so you could fully recover,” her uncle said as he walked over. 
Sasha positioned herself back to the original posture and propped back down slowly. Then, she took a sip of water and gave the glass back to Jackson. 
“Where’s Matt? Is he okay?” Sasha asked, her voice hoarse and dry. 
“He’s fine. He’s at Frontier Bay with Sebastian now, so you don’t have to worry,” he assured her. 
His words ended up agitating Sasha. She cocked her head towards Jackson with her eyes wide, clearly shocked at the piece of news. 
“What? He’s with Sebastian? Does he know Matt is his son then?” Sasha showered him with a litany of questions. 
“Of course, he does. The two kids look exactly the same. How would he not know?” Jackson replied. 
Sasha’s face turned pale the moment he said that.
Shoot. 
What’s he gonna do now? Is he gonna take Matt back as his son? I bet that’s what he was trying to do, or he wouldn’t even bring Matteo back to Hayes Residence! 
Tears welled up in her eyes at the thought of losing Matteo to Sebastian. 
Meanwhile, Jackson spotted her agony and comforted her. “Just focus on recovering, Sasha. We can think about this after you feel better. You’re the one who brought the kid up, so if he insists on fighting over child custody, we will see him at court.” 
Sasha knew her uncle was only trying to make her feel better. After all, who would stand a chance again the Hayes at the court? It was impossible to win against them. 
Tears streamed down her cheeks as reality sunk in. 
After that, Jackson decided to give her some space and left after staying on for a little while. It was not like he could hang around longer even if he wanted to. His body was weak, and he had to go home to rest. Not long after Jackson left, Sasha dozed off again. 
By the time she woke up, it was already dusk. Before Sasha could look at the clock to check what time it was, a child’s whisper came from the outside and caught her ears. 
“Matt, is Mommy awake?” 
“Yes. Daddy got a call just now, and they said she was awake. Don’t worry, Vivi. We just have to wait. 
Another familiar and loving voice followed after the girl’s question. 
Matteo?
Vivi? 
Sasha opened her eyes wide and sat up. 
When Vivian noticed Sasha’s movement, she opened the door and dashed in with excitement. “Mommy! Are you awake, Mommy? I miss you, Mommy!” 
Vivi was as happy as a lark to see her mother awake. 
With a huge smile on her face, Sasha welcomed her daughter into her embrace as she caressed the latter’s head. “Mommy misses you too, Vivi!” 
Behind her, the two boys came in happily. Matteo ran over when he saw Sasha and joined the happy pair. 
Ian, on the other hand, was less emotionally expressive. He was someone who took time to warm up to someone else, but he was undoubtedly elated to see Sasha again.
###Chapter 107
Chapter 107
“Mommy!” Matteo’s voice echoed loudly in the ward. 
“Matt! My sweet little boy!” 
Sasha hugged him tight as she called his name, her voice almost breaking in tears. She could not believe she was holding Matteo in her arms again just when she thought she had lost him. 
In the meantime, Ian stood in the distance as he watched the exhilarated lot. 
He also wanted to run into his mother’s embrace, but he did not dare to. It was his fault that his brother almost ended up dying, and it was his fault his mother was severely injured. 
The guilty child stood still at his place, worried that his mother would not like him anymore and that she would never forgive him. 
But amidst the excitement of meeting her two children again, Sasha turned around and blinked her watery eyes, looking for her eldest son. “Ian? Ian, why are you standing there? Come here…” 
Sasha already knew that Ian had found out that she was his mother since Jackson had told her about it in the morning. 
Ian’s face lighted up in joy when Sasha called out to him. He sped over and plunged himself into her mother’s arms. 
Just as the mother and children were enjoying their reunion, a towering figure appeared at the door. 
Sebastian’s silhouette was clearly defined under the rays of the setting sun. He had his hands casually tucked in the pockets of his slacks and had his suit unbuttoned, revealing a moss green handmade shirt underneath. He took a step forward into the room, stepping out of the sun before leaning against
the wall. His sculpted face did not show a single hint of emotion as he stood there quietly, making the ambiance tense all of a sudden. 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat as she watched Sebastian came in. 
“You’re here…” she greeted him weakly. 
She knew she was partly to blame for the whole incident. If she had told him from the very beginning that his other son was still alive and was with her, all this might not have happened. 
More importantly, she had hidden that kid right under his nose. 
Her shifty gaze darted at Sebastian now and again, but he did not even look at her in the face. 
Instead, he went over to the table and took up her medical record. 
The air in the room was getting unbearably stiff when Vivian finally spoke. “Mommy, I miss you so much. Look at my face. I’ve lost so much weight because I missed you too much.” 
She crawled into her mother’s bed and snuggled in her mother’s blanket. The girl poked her head out of the blanket and put her face up close to Sasha so she could have a good look at her. 
Sasha giggled and stroke her cheeks tenderly. 
“Hm, I think my little sweetie did lose some weight.” 
“Promise me you’ll make me fried chicken when you feel better, Mommy? You always make the best fried chicken,” Vivian requested. 
Her soft and affectionate voice could simply melt anybody’s heart.
Sasha pinched her chubby cheeks and smiled at her daughter lovingly. Just as Sasha was about to promise her daughter, she felt a piercing gaze burning in her direction. She looked up uneasily and met Sebastian’s glare. 
He was watching Vivien intently with his brows locked when he caught Sasha looking at him. All of a sudden, he became conscious of his actions and cleared his throat awkwardly. 
Sebastian could not deny that he did not like that little girl, but every time he saw her being sweet to anyone but him, an unaccountable feeling of anger rose in his heart. 
Come on, do I really look that fierce? 
I took care of her for two days! But she’s never this nice to me! 
Sasha looked at the unwelcoming man and mustered her courage to strike a conversation. 
“Thank you for taking care of the kids for the past two days.” 
Regardless of how he had felt towards her earlier, she was grateful to him for saving her and Matteo. 
Thus, Sasha could only tread carefully to see if he was still resentful. 
“You don’t have to thank me for taking care of my own kids,” Sebastian replied apathetically, “But since you’re awake already, you can take the girl with you.” 
Sasha’s brows arched in surprise. 
“Take her with me? Where to?” 
“How would I know? Bring her to her dad, of course. Are you asking me where your husband is?” Sebastian questioned her back spitefully.
He had resentment written all over his face, and his tone was bitter. That man could not believe he had to talk with her about this topic that disgusted him so. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was completely at a loss for words. 
So he doesn’t know that this is his own daughter? 
Don’t tell me he could only recognize Matteo but not Vivian. 
Sasha was beyond speechless, but deep in her heart, she felt a flicker of relief. At least I get to keep Vivian to myself. This is better than losing both Matteo and Vivian at the same time. 
“What’s wrong? Feeling ashamed of your past? Oh, don’t you worry because I’m not interested in your love life at all. We ended five years ago, so I won’t do anything to your man.” 
“He’s dead.” After a long pause, Sasha muttered under her breath, her grip tightening around her little girl. 
It was now Sebastian’s turn to fall into silence. 
Dead again? 
Is she like a black widow or something? Why is everyone dead?
###Chapter 108
Chapter 108
He bit her lip. Sensing the predicament he had placed himself in, he stood there fuming. 
However, looking at the little girl, he felt his anger dissipate without even realizing it. 
They remained in the ward a little longer, as Sebastian had to be at work. Before sending the children back, he summoned the doctor to enquire about Sasha’s condition. 
“Mr. Hayes, the patient is recovering well. If nothing else happens, she will be allowed to be discharged in two days,” said the doctor. 
“Yay! Did you hear that, Mommy? You’ll be out soon,” Vivian squealed happily. “Will you come live with us at Frontier Bay? We have a large house there, and it’s very beautiful!” 
Sasha glanced at Sebastian skulking in the corner of the ward and shook her head. “Of course not, Vivi. We don’t live at Frontier Bay. He will take you there these two days because Mommy will be here at the hospital. When I get out, we’ll be going home, okay?” 
“Okay, mommy,” Vivi’s face fell in disappointment. 
Matteo overheard and chimed in. “Yes, Mommy, I will pack our things these two days, and we will go back home together when you get out.” 
He was a good boy, always obedient to her. 
Before she could respond, Sebastian, who had just finished speaking with the doctor, stomped over with a scowl on his face. 
“Matteo! Where do you think you’re going? Royal Court One is now your home, and that’s where you’ll be!” he snapped, with a nasty expression that was plain that he would not take no for an answer.
Sasha and her three children felt cornered and alarmed. 
However, watching Matteo scrunching up his face in an effort to hold back his tears, her maternal instincts kicked in. “What did you do that for? You frightened him!” she glared at him angrily. 
Guilt flitted across Sebastian’s face, but he quickly reasserted his uncompromising stance. 
“I am stating a fact,” he said. “He is my son, and he will not be going back there.” 
“And why shouldn’t he?” Sasha retorted. “He is my son just as much as yours. Possibly even more so, seeing as I was the one who had raised him for five years.” She was incensed but still afraid of his temper. 
The thing that she had feared the most had arrived. Sebastian was trying to fight for custody of her babies. Taking them away from her home would just be the first of many more to come. 
Will he ban them from ever seeing her again? 
Sasha hugged Matteo close at the thought. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was beginning to get worked up again. “This is ridiculous! He is a Hayes. He will be living with me and not that dump you call a home. Heck, my maids live better than you, so I will not permit my child to live in that hell hole!” 
“You- “ Sasha gasped for breath and clutched her chest, her anger too much for her still frail body. 
Matteo hugged his mother in a panic. “Mommy, are you okay? Please don’t be angry. I won’t go anywhere! I will live with you!” 
Sebastian stood motionless. Just then, Ian came over and tugged on his father’s hand.
“Daddy, if you bully Mommy again, I will go with them too!” he walked over and joined his brother at Sasha’s side. 
Sebastian was furious. He had to fight the urge to spank the boys. 
They don’t even respect me as a father! 
I paid for their meals and pushed work aside to spend time with them, and this is how they repay me? Little rascals! 
He ushered the three children out of the ward without another word. After that, they did not come back for two days. 
Despite the fight, Sasha felt optimistic that she would be out and about in two days. When that day arrived, she was in a cheerful mood. 
An attendant arrived as she was changing out of her hospital robes. “Ms. Wand, Mr. Hayes has instructed that you be sent to Royal Court One at once.” 
“What?” She leaped up. 
To Royal Court One? 
Why? What does that scoundrel want? Is he crazy? Me, living in his house? 
Sasha felt sure she had misheard. 
However, the guard who handled her discharge and escorted her out of the building proved otherwise. He held her firmly by her good arm and steered her towards the car. 
Within minutes, they took off for Frontier Bay.
At this very moment, three young children were having a very important meeting at the villa’s hanging garden on the second floor. 
“My part is done. Mommy will be able to move in immediately once she arrives. How about you, Ian?” Matteo said. 
“Done! I’ve sent someone to pick up Mommy!” Ian said confidently. 
“I’ve cleaned up Mommy’s bedroom too! It’s next to mine,” Vivian chirped, not wanting to be left out.
###Chapter 109
Chapter 109
Excellent! 
As soon as each child reported their respective task, Matteo looked around, satisfied. 
“Good! The next order of business is to greet Mommy. Remember, guys, we must make her feel like Daddy wants her here, got it?” 
“Yes, Matteo,” Vivian said, and Ian nodded briskly. 
An unforeseen complication occurred to Ian. He turned to Matteo and frowned. “What about Daddy? What happens when he finds out?” 
Matteo waved his hand impatiently. “Don’t worry about that. I’ve taken care of it. He won’t find out.” 
His siblings sighed in relief. 
Half an hour later, the black Cayenne finally emerged. The children excitedly ran out. 
“Mommy! Mommy, come here!” 
The first to reach was Vivian as she loved her mother the most. 
As Sasha exited the vehicle, she pulled her child in for a big hug. As she watched Vivian clinging to her leg, she didn’t realize how much she missed them. 
“Well, Mommy is here. Are you happy, sweetie?” 
“Yes, very much, Mommy,” Vivian answered. “I’ve cleaned your bedroom for you, so you’ll be living right next to me. It’s beautiful.”
She informed her solemnly whilst watching her expression intently as if she was expecting a word of praise from Sasha. 
Sasha was stunned upon hearing that. Even a bedroom was prepared? Did Sebastian really agree to let me live here? Or was it because I was still recovering and that he felt sorry for me? 
As she pondered her situation, the terror she regarded him with seemed to vanish slightly. She was even feeling optimistic without realizing it. 
Matteo greeted his mother next, beaming from ear to ear. Instead of tackling her like his sister did, he lent a hand with her bags. 
“Ian,” Matteo called. “Come here and give me a hand with these.” 
The usually reserved Ian even sprinted over and helped. 
Sasha watched them, and her heart was instantly filled with gratitude and joy. 
That wasn’t even the best part. As soon as she stepped over the threshold, Wendy, the housemaid greeted her warmly. “Ms. Wand, you’re here! Are you feeling any better? You poor thing. I have some broth in the kitchen for you. Once you’ve settled in, I’ll bring you some.” 
Sasha felt close to tears. It had been a long time since she was being cared for that way. As a single mother for five years, she was always the one giving out love and care and receiving little in return. But now, someone was even cooking for her. 
Sasha scrunched her nose, trying not to cry. “Sounds good, Wendy. Thank you.” She hurried upstairs with her luggage before she broke down. 
Up on the second floor, Ian used to be the sole occupant. But now, along the corridor, Matteo, Vivian, and Sasha joined him.
It was a good thing that Sebastian’s villa was huge. 
“Mommy, do you like this room?” Matteo asked as they entered it. 
“Um…” Sasha avoided his gaze and busied herself with putting away her clothes and medicine. 
Matteo smiled to himself. He ran through the bathroom into Ian’s bedroom and huddled up with his siblings to conduct another meeting. 
“Did you see that? Mommy thinks that this was Daddy’s idea. You guys did a great job. Ian, that move with Wendy was genius.” Matteo gave his brother a thumbs up. 
Ian wasn’t used to being directly addressed and praised like this. He looked down shyly but was secretly overjoyed. 
At the same time, Vivian’s eyes shone with excitement. “What’s the next step, Matteo? Daddy will be home any minute.” However, Matteo still did not know what to do. 
Sasha was oblivious about the fact that she was being discussed in hushed whispers in the neighboring room. She worked slowly as her arm was still throbbed with pain. 
As Sasha was taking a long time, Wendy came up to her room and knocked. “Ms. Wand, do you still have a lot to go? Here, let me help. The broth is getting cold, so go and have some while it’s still warm.” 
“Oh! That’s alright, Wendy. I’m almost done here,” Sasha was not used to being pampered. It made her feel slightly uneasy. Thus, she quickly finished up and followed Wendy downstairs. 
Wendy’s kind demeanor was in direct contrast to Mrs. Lowe, the old maid. The latter was ill-mannered and insubordinate. The moment Sasha laid her eyes on Mrs. Lowe, she had a bad feeling about her.
###Chapter 110
Chapter 110
Wendy is a nice change. Much more pleasant. 
After that, Wendy led Sasha into the dining room. 
“Now, Ms. Wand, you take your time with the broth. I have to get busy. Mr. Ian has requested calzones for dinner.” She rolled up her sleeves briskly. 
“Calzones, huh?” Sasha repeated. 
She felt guilty. Even though Ian was her flesh and blood, she knew nothing about him and what he liked. At that moment, she made it a point to learn everything about him, and offhand remarks such as these were stored away carefully in Sasha’s mind. 
“Yes,” Wendy nodded. “It’s one of the things I don’t know how to make, so I’d better figure it out now. I sure hope he’ll like it.” 
“Oh, it’s a good thing that I do! Can I come in with you?” Sasha exclaimed, looking enquiringly at Wendy. This was her chance to cook something for her son, which she had never done. 
Calzones were one of her specialties. Matteo and Vivian loved them. In fact, she had made a big batch not too long ago. 
Hearing that, Wendy was delighted. “How fortunate! I appreciate it very much, but your arm…” she hesitated. 
“That’s not a problem,” Sasha said quickly. “You can prepare the dough, and I’ll do the wrapping.” She brushed off the inconvenience of her arm for fear of being excluded from this endeavor. Wendy examined her for a moment before agreeing to let her help.
After a hectic afternoon of unpacking and wrapping calzones, it was dusk before Sasha finally had a chance to rest. 
“Phew, finally done!” Wendy wiped her brow. “How’s your arm, Ms. Wand?” 
“Oh it’s fine,” Sasha replied, waving her good arm. She then excused herself to wash her hands. 
Meanwhile, Wendy was in a fantastic mood. Touting the tray of unbaked calzones, she said, “I’d better give Mr. Hayes a call to come home early tonight. It’s not often we get to have such a delightful dinner together.” 
The moment Sasha heard that, she froze while still bent over the kitchen sink. 
Sebastian? 
She’s asking him to come back earlier? 
Out of nowhere, Sasha felt a pang of anxiety. She then tried to think of something to say. 
“Ms. Wand? What do you think?” Wendy probed. 
“Oh? That’s… that’s a good idea. But are you sure this is something he would like?” Sasha answered distractedly, trying to dissuade Wendy. 
Wendy, however, was determined to carry through with her plan. After she assured Sasha that Sebastian was not a picky eater, the former went away to call him. 
Sebastian is not a picky eater? 
Doubt arose in Sasha’s mind as she recalled clearly that this was not the case. 
He was extremely picky to the point of being incredibly annoying!
Nonetheless, Sasha had no choice but to go along with the plan. Extracting the piping hot tray out of the oven, she followed Wendy upstairs. 
“Ian,” she called, “The calzones are done!” 
She opened the door to Ian’s room and exclaimed. “Matteo! Vivian! What are you two doing here?” 
The children, who were deep in thought with plotting, stood up hurriedly at the sudden unannounced entrance of their mother. 
Wasn’t she making calzones? Why is she up here? 
Vivian was the most nervous, as she wasn’t used to lying to her mother. 
On the contrary, Matteo was the first to respond. “Mommy! We were just playing, and Ian is unbelievable!” 
“Is that so?” Sasha smiled. “Matteo, you are unbelievable too. All my babies are unbelievable.” 
Luckily for them, she had no idea what they were up to. Matteo smiled widely at his mother’s compliment. 
Since the children were all there, Sasha placed the tray on the table so they could all enjoy. 
“I’m hungry, Mommy,” Vivian whined. 
“Me too, Mommy,” Matteo added. “Is that pork in there?” 
Vivian and Matteo were big fans of her calzones. She would always try her best to make the best calzones she could for them.
As they were greedily munching, she turned to look towards Ian, who was standing slightly away from them. 
“Little Ian, why are you standing there? Didn’t you ask for calzones today? Come and have some. I made them myself,” Sasha beckoned. 
However, Ian hesitated. 
He had never had calzones before. His father never allowed him to as they were too oily to be healthy. Besides, he was used to much more exotic meals than this at Frontier Bay. 
Slowly, Ian shuffled forward. Watching his siblings devour one bite after another, he finally relented. 
Sasha smiled and fed him a bite. “Is it good?” she asked. 
“Mm-hmm,” he nodded as his eyes shone with delight. 
Huh? This child… Didn’t he ask for calzones?
###Chapter 111
Chapter 111
Why do they look like they have never had it before? Sasha shook her head in amusement. 
In the end, they savored the calzones in the room, enjoying the precious family moment together. 
It was past seven when Sebastian arrived home. 
Standing at the doorway, he was slightly bewildered to see a pair of woman’s shoes on the shoe rack. 
Next to it was a pair of shoes that he believed to belong to that little girl. 
As for the other pair of shoes… 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re finally home! The kids are waiting to have dinner with you.” 
As Sebastian was unhappily staring at that pair of shoes, Wendy appeared and greeted him. 
He retrieved his gaze and then entered the house. 
Since the kids moved in, Sebastian would come home every night to have dinner with them. On the other hand, he was worried that the housemaid couldn’t cope with taking care of so many children. 
On the other hand, he wanted to spend more time with Matteo. 
“Where are they?” 
“The kids are upstairs. I’ll call them to come down.” 
Wendy was about to head upstairs to call the kids when Sebastian suddenly halted her. 
“Never mind. I’ll call them on my own after I get changed.”
With that, Sebastian went up the stairs while carrying his laptop. His distinguished air was discernible by merely looking at his upright back figure. 
As he walked past the second floor, the kids’ voices from Ian’s room caught his attention. 
“Then what happened to Jane? Did she get over it?” 
“Of course! Her mother and brothers love her so much. They constantly give her their support and encouragement, so she managed to get over it.” 
A woman was answering the kid’s question about the ending of the sob story. Her voice was soothing, like the gentle wind blowing across the lake. 
At that moment, the kids felt the warmth of a mother’s love, just like the little girl in the story. 
Who’s in there? 
Sebastian’s eyes darkened. He halted his steps, casting his gaze over the nursery. 
Through the narrow slit of the door, he made out a few figures in the room. The little ones were seen surrounding a woman as they nuzzled up against her. 
Before he knew it, his face grew grim upon identifying that that woman was none other than Sasha. The next moment, he made his way toward the room in large strides. 
“Mommy, this story makes me feel sad. I don’t want to listen to it anymore. Can you tell us another story?” 
“Alright, Vivi. Then let’s…” 
Sasha was looking through the piles of storybooks for a more cheerful story, when all of a sudden, the door swung open with a bang.
Both Vivi and Sasha were silenced at the sudden interruption. 
Ian and Matteo, who were cuddling up to their mother, were also frightened by the sound of the door slamming against the wall. As they turned around, their faces turned pale the moment their eyes met the gloomy expression on their dad’s face. 
“What are you guys doing here?” 
“Daddy, you’re finally back!” 
Sebastian was on the verge of losing his temper. To everyone’s surprise, the reticent and introverted Ian suddenly got up and rushed toward Sebastian, wrapping his arms around his legs. 
At that instant, Sebastian’s temper deflated like a popped balloon. 
Sasha, on the other hand, was dumbfounded by her son’s action. She had no idea what he was trying to do. 
“Daddy, thank you.” 
“What?” 
Sebastian was no less surprised than Sasha. In fact, he was even more confused since he had no idea what they were doing before he arrived. 
Just then, the more articulate Matteo came into the picture. “Daddy, Ian was thanking you for letting Mommy live here. Initially, we planned to go to Mommy’s house since she was discharged from hospital today, but Mr. Scott suddenly called us. He said he already fetched Mommy to your house since she needs to treat you. That’s why we didn’t go to her house.”
Matteo was clear-headed and eloquent as he spoke. Although Sebastian knew his son was making an excuse, trying to put him off, he couldn’t find any flaws in his impeccable reasoning. 
At that moment, Sebastian’s face clouded over. 
He was unsure whether it was really Luke’s deeds. 
Yet, one thing that was for sure was that the kids all took Sasha’s side. From the way they spoke up for her and shielded her from his anger, it was obvious that they were working together to stand up against him. 
Sebastian started to feel the throbbing in his temples upon the realization. 
Right then, Sasha spoke up, “I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. I think I’d better leave. It was not my intention to come here, but your bodyguards were the ones who brought me here when I came out of the hospital. I… I didn’t know they did it without your permission, so I’m sorry to have stayed in your house for the entire day.” 
She cast her eyes down the moment they met his angry face, hiding all the emotions in them. The next moment, she stooped down to pick Vivian up.
###Chapter 112
Chapter 112
The way things turned out was totally unexpected, especially for Ian and Matteo, who came up with the plan. 
Everything is going according to our plan. Daddy didn’t ask Mommy to leave, but why is Mommy still leaving? 
The two little ones were confused. They were too young to understand that things were not as straightforward as they seemed when it came to two adults dealing with each other. Things need not be said most of the time since adults could tell other’s inner thoughts by observing the changes in their facial expressions. 
“Matt, let’s go.” 
Carrying Vivian, Sasha reached out her hand to hold Matteo’s. 
She wouldn’t leave her son at this place. 
Ian, who was clinging to his dad’s legs, turned around to look at her. His eyes reddened upon hearing her words. 
As for Matteo, the little boy was torn. 
Standing by the door, Sebastian spoke up just as the scenario of the separation of a child from his mother was about to play out, “Sasha Wand, are you doing this on purpose?” 
Hearing that, Sasha instantly looked up at him. “What are you talking about?” 
Sebastian’s eyes darkened while he exuded a cold aura. “What, am I wrong? I didn’t ask you here to stir up trouble, but look what you’ve done to the kids!”
He cast his eyes over the kids as he spoke. 
“I…” Sasha swallowed her words at the sight of the boys’ reddened eyes. 
The room was surrounded by a gloomy atmosphere. Except for Vivian in her arms, both Ian and Matteo, who were in high spirits a moment earlier, were now looking at her pitifully. 
She never wanted to upset the kids. 
Feeling guilty, Sasha’s confidence faltered. Yet, Sebastian didn’t afford her a chance to explain herself when he picked Ian up and said, “Let’s go and have dinner now.” 
Then, he beckoned Matteo over. “Matt, come here. Let’s go down together.” 
Matteo pursed his lips. Why are both Daddy and Mommy fighting over me? 
He sighed internally as he was suddenly made to choose between his parents. 
Nevertheless, Matteo decided to walk toward his dad after weighing his options. “Alright, Daddy. Ian, don’t be sad. Mommy is not going anywhere. Go, bring Mommy and Vivi to the dining hall, but be careful with her injury.” 
Being as clever as always, he came up with the brilliant idea of swapping his place with his brother. 
Ian, too, was clever enough to understand what Matteo was up to. He pulled away from Sebastian and then walked toward Sasha, standing meekly before her. “Mommy…” 
His pitiful eyes could make anyone’s heart ache for him. 
Sasha immediately kneeled in front of him, looking him straight in the eyes. “Ian, I’m sorry for making you sad. I’m not going anywhere. I will stay here and be with you.”
“Thanks, Mommy.” 
Ian brightened up in an instant, wrapping his arms around his mother. 
Apart from her son’s persuasion, the other reason that Sasha decided to stay was that she understood Sebastian didn’t blame her for staying in his house. 
He was only mad at her because she failed to take good care of the kids; she had disappointed them. 
Standing by the door, Sebastian stared at Sasha impassively as she wiped the tears off Ian’s face. 
Seeing that the two had finally recollected themselves, Sebastian let out a snort and then led Matteo downstairs. 
Both Ian and Matteo were relieved. Daddy didn’t mean to ask Mommy to leave! 
A few minutes later, all of them went downstairs. 
“Come and have your dinner. The food is getting cold.” 
Wendy ushered them to the dining hall. She was more than happy to see the family coming down together. 
Sebastian then gave her a slight nod before he led Matteo to the dining table. 
Matteo was in a good mood. Sitting in the junior chair, he asked smilingly, “Daddy, what do you like to eat?” 
Sebastian cast a glance at him. “Me? I’m not a picky eater.” 
“Really? Mommy made calzones today! Do you like calzones?” Matteo threw another question at him.
Before Sebastian even said anything, Sasha was startled by Matteo’s question that her hands slipped, almost strangling Vivian when she was tying the napkin around her neck. 
“Mommy! Be careful! You won’t get to see me again if you tie the napkin any tighter.” 
For a few seconds, the dining room fell into an eerie silence. Sasha felt so awkward that she wished the ground would swallow her up. 
Wendy was trying hard to stifle her laugh. Out of the corner of her eyes, she saw Sebastian’s eye twitched while looking at Sasha. To save Sasha from embarrassment, she quickly entered the kitchen and then brought them some calzones. 
“Mr. Hayes, the kids wanted to have calzones today, so Ms. Wand helped me make these notwithstanding her injury. They taste rather nice. Would you like to have some?” 
Wendy placed a whole set of cutlery and a plate in front of Sebastian. 
Seeing that, Sasha’s wrung her hands unwittingly.
###Chapter 113
Chapter 113
Actually, Sebastian had no liking for calzone. 
He was a picky eater since he was young. Being a member of the Hayes family, he grew up living a good life. Once he tasted the food and disliked it, the chef wouldn’t prepare the same food again. Calzone first appeared on the Hayes’ dining table that year when Sasha and her family visited them. The Hayes’ had the kitchen prepare this particular dish for them, knowing that they loved Italian dishes. 
At that time, Sasha clearly remembered that the boy who was five years older than her had only taken a bite of the calzone. 
He said it tasted awful. 
Sasha retrieved her gaze as the piece of memory surged within her mind. She cast her eyes downward to focus on feeding her daughter. 
A few seconds later, she heard Matteo asking, “Daddy, does it taste good?” 
“Not bad.” 
This time, Sebastian elegantly finished the whole calzone. Instead of showing disgust, he nodded approvingly at the savory flavor that lingered on his tongue. 
Sasha was dumbstruck. 
Was I hallucinating? Did he just say that it’s not bad? But I remembered him hating it after just one bite… 
In a state of confusion, Sasha fixed her eyes on Sebastian. 
As if he sensed her gaze, the man suddenly looked up, his eyes meeting hers.
Sasha was startled, and she almost dropped her cutlery. Why do I keep looking at him? I must be out of my mind! 
At that instant, she had her heart in her throat. She quickly retrieved her gaze and then helped fetch Vivian the dipping sauce, avoiding his eyes. 
Luckily, Sebastian’s ringing phone spared her from further embarrassment. It was a call from the office, and the man hurried off as soon as he ended the call. 
As Sebastian’s figure vanished from sight, the naive Vivian suddenly leaned closer to her, whispering in her ear, “Mommy, are you afraid of Daddy?” 
Nonetheless, Sasha would not admit it no matter what. 
She fed Vivian a mouthful to stop her from asking any more questions. “Of course not. Hurry, sweetie. I will give you a shower after you’re done eating.” 
Her words successfully put Vivian off. 
Since Sasha would be staying with them, the kids didn’t bother to ask for their dad. After taking their showers, they rushed to Sasha’s room for a bedtime story. 
Of course, Sasha was more than willing to spend more time with the kids. 
She had made it a habit to tell Matteo and Vivian bedtime stories when they were living together. Now that Ian had joined them, the story-telling session became all the more enjoyable. 
That night, the kids fell asleep in Sasha’s bedroom. Later, she instructed Wendy to carry them to their respective rooms. 
All of them had a good night’s sleep after that.
The next morning, Sasha was awakened by the continuous knocks on the door. 
“M-Mommy, are you awake? It’s V-Vivi… Mommy, wake u-up!” 
Sasha was instantly wide awake at the sound of Vivian crying. She quickly climbed out of bed to answer the door. 
Standing outside her room was Vivian in her pink pajama with tear-stained cheeks, holding a bunny plush. 
Sasha was worried upon seeing the poor little girl shedding tears. She crouched down to hug her. “What’s wrong, sweetie? Why are you crying? Tell me, what happened?” 
She thought Vivian was not used to living in a new place. 
The next moment, Vivian threw herself into her mom’s arm, sniveling sadly. “Mommy, I want to go to preschool… with Ian and Matt… but he doesn’t allow me to…” 
With that, she once again broke into tears. 
Preschool? 
Her words reminded Sasha that the kids still needed to attend preschool. It had been at the back of her mind since she was in the hospital. 
“Why didn’t he let you go? Aren’t you attending the same preschool as Matt?” she asked. 
“After Daddy brought us back, he transferred Matt to Ian’s preschool, but he doesn’t allow me to join them. Mommy…”
The little girl was crying her heart out, shaking all over, especially when she said her dad refused to let her join her brothers. 
Sasha finally understood the reason for her daughter crying. 
She was heartbroken, and her anger spiked. 
Yet, she couldn’t possibly argue with Sebastian because that man had no idea that Vivian was his daughter. Besides, she wouldn’t want him to find out about it either. 
There was no way she could ask him to change his mind. 
Sasha hugged Vivian tighter, trying to console her, “Why don’t we attend the previous preschool?” 
“No! I don’t want to! I want to be with Ian and Matt. Mommy, do you not love me anymore? Are you going to abandon me, just like Daddy did?” 
Vivian looked at her mom through her teary eyes. The latter’s heart wrung at the sight of her sad expression. Vivi, I promise I will let you go to preschool with your brothers! 
With that, Sasha decided to go all out for the sake of her daughter. She asked Vivian to wait in her room while she prepared herself before heading to the third floor.
###Chapter 114
Chapter 114
“Sebastian? Are you awake? I need to talk to you.” 
Actually, Sasha was reluctant to step foot on the third floor again because every time she did, they would end up arguing. 
There was not even once that they could talk peacefully. 
Thinking that their upcoming conversation was a serious and unpleasant one, she backed away a little from his bedroom door to maintain a safe distance. 
About a minute later, she heard some noises from inside the room. Then, there was the sound of footsteps approaching the door. 
“What is it?” 
Sebastian appeared behind the opened door in his dark shirt. His collar was unbuttoned, revealing his collarbone. Underneath the leather belt and shiny gunmetal buckle was a pair of long legs. The man had a dignified grace in his appearance. 
Inexplicably, Sasha felt a bit self-conscious in front of him. 
“It’s nothing, actually. It’s just that I heard you’ve transferred Matteo to Ian’s preschool. I… I was just wondering if you could let Vivi join them.” 
“Why should I? She’s not my child anyway,” was his curt reply. 
Sasha felt a feeling of guilt washed over her. “E-Even though she’s not your child, she’s still Matt and Ian’s sister. Can’t you let her join them for the boys’ sake?” 
“No!” Sebastian wouldn’t budge.
With that, the man turned to close the door. 
Seeing that, Sasha stepped forward and pushed against the door, preventing him from closing it. “Hey, don’t be so harsh! Let’s talk this through.” At this moment, she had forgotten that she was determined to stay away from him earlier. 
“Go away!” 
“I know I’m rude toward you sometimes, so please forgive me if I ever offended you. I promise I’ll do whatever you want – just say it.” 
Disregarding his reluctance, Sasha slid into his room. She went all out by making such a huge promise. 
Sebastian was about to throw her out, but he halted upon hearing her words. She’ll do whatever I want? 
“Anything?” he asked. 
Looming over Sasha, his dark eyes bore straight into hers. The unfathomable emotion in his eyes made her shudder. 
For a moment, Sasha’s mind went blank as the man stared her down. She blinked her eyes and swallowed dryly, not knowing how to respond. Why is he so intimidating? 
“What? Are you scared?” 
Sebastian moved forward, forcing the woman to have her back against the door frame. He curled his lips into a condescending sneer when he noticed the fear and panic on her face. 
Sasha’s eyes widened as she put on a brave front.
“I’m not scared! Tell me, what do you want me to do? Oh, didn’t you want me to treat you? I can do it now.” With that, she reached out her hand to touch his tired-looking face. 
Before Sebastian could even react, Sasha had accurately found the acupuncture points somewhere in between his brows and started massaging them gently. Her fingers were cold in the winter morning. 
Sebastian was in a daze since he didn’t expect she would be so bold as to lay her fingers on him. 
Or perhaps, it was because her massaging had eased his eye strain after another sleepless night. 
“Do you feel better? For people like you who have a huge workload and have yet to recover from illness, it is a great relief from pain and distress if I give you a massage every morning.” 
In all seriousness, Sasha was really putting in her effort to treating this man. 
After all, she was counting on her massage skills to get Vivian into Empire Preschool. 
Since the man was six feet tall, she needed to lean forward to massage him. Still focusing on the task at hand, she was unaware that their current position was a bit too intimate. 
Sebastian’s eyes darkened at their close proximity. 
In fact, they were so close to each other that he could clearly see his reflection through her crystal clear eyes. 
He could sense the faint scent of her lime shower gel. Her breath was tickling him as she spoke, and he couldn’t seem to move his eyes away from her tempting lips. The thought of feeling the tenderness of her lips soon surfaced in his mind. 
“Argh!” Just then, Sasha cried out in pain when she accidentally stretched the tissue surrounding her wound due to overexertion of force.
The next moment, she toppled over. 
Without a second thought, Sebastian grabbed her waist, pulling her into his arms. In an attempt to regain her balance, Sasha instinctively grabbed his shirt, popping a few buttons off it. At the same time, her lips brushed against his chest accidentally…
###Chapter 115
Chapter 115
At that moment, time seemed to be on a standstill. 
None of them moved. Sebastian’s eyes darkened at the tingling sensation on his chest. 
As for Sasha, her face flushed a crimson red, looking at him like a frightened doe. What have we done? How did things end up this way? 
Her mind went black as she clung to Sebastian’s body. Meanwhile, the latter’s hands were still holding her waist. 
Slowly, the warmth of his hand seeped through her clothes, making her heart thumped wildly. 
Although she had given birth to his three children, they had never been so close to each other before. 
At the same time, Sebastian’s breathing grew heavier as his eyes traced her delicate face. 
Actually, Sasha was a good-looking woman. Her crystal clear eyes looked like a pair of dazzling gems while her lips were soft and supple, tempting him to have a taste of it. 
Sebastian’s eyes darkened while he lowered his head, moving closer to hers. 
Sasha held her breath, her heart pounding like crazy. 
“Daddy, are you ready to go?” 
Just then, a child’s voice rang out with the sound of footsteps running up the stairs. 
Instantly, Sasha came back to her senses, pushing the man away from her. Then, she hurriedly stumbled her way out of his bedroom. 
Matteo, who just reached the third floor, halted his steps.
Oh, no! It seems like I’ve ruined everything for Mommy and Daddy. 
The observant Matteo knew there must be something happening between his parents by their looks. He couldn’t help feeling frustrated, thinking he shouldn’t have come at the wrong timing. 
“Daddy, t-take your time… Um… Please c-continue.” 
Pretending as if he didn’t notice anything, Matteo waved at his parents and then walked downstairs. 
Sasha felt embarrassed, and her face went blushing as red as the tomato. 
“Matt, what are you talking about? There’s nothing happening between us. Hey, don’t go! Wait for me!” 
She immediately went after Matteo, not daring to take another look at the man behind her. 
As she reached the second floor, she saw Matteo entering Ian’s bedroom. It turned out the boys were long awake. Matteo went upstairs just now to ask if their dad would send them to preschool today. 
Right! Preschool! 
The sight of the two children carrying their school bags reminded Sasha that Vivian was still waiting for her, so she turned and rushed to her room. 
“Vivi…” 
Vivian had waited a long time in the room. Upon hearing Sasha’s voice, she instantly cast her plushie aside and opened the door. “Mommy, I’m here! Have you persuaded Daddy? Is he going to let me join Ian’s preschool?” 
Sasha fell silent while looking at her daughter’s face that was full of anticipation.
She was so panicked just now that she forgot to confirm with Sebastian whether he agreed to transfer Vivian to Ian’s preschool. Now, she had lost the courage to ask that man again. What should I do? Should I go and ask him again? 
“Mommy?” 
“Yes. Daddy has agreed. Come, let’s get you changed.” 
At this moment, Sasha couldn’t care less about Sebastian; all she wanted was not to disappoint her daughter. Without loss of time, she helped Vivian get changed and tied her hair before bringing her downstairs. 
“Matt, Ian, is it okay if you go to school with Vivi today?” 
“Hooray! We can finally go to school with Vivi!” 
Both Ian and Matteo, who were already waiting downstairs, jumped in excitement at the news. 
They were more than willing to go to preschool with Vivian, especially Matteo, who had always attended preschool with his sister. In fact, even if Sasha didn’t talk to Sebastian, he was going to voice his dissatisfaction about Sebastion’s decision anyway. 
And so, the kids left happily for preschool, with Ian and Matteo holding each one of Vivian’s hands. 
Standing at the porch, Sasha’s eyes followed them as they left. As she turned to enter the house, she saw Sebastian coming downstairs. 
The next moment, she stumbled and hit the door. 
“Y-You’re here…”
Sebastian walked in her direction, his expression cold and distant. He didn’t even spare a glance at her as if he had totally forgotten about what happened earlier. 
Sasha was relieved since she wouldn’t feel that awkward this way. 
Keeping her head down, she pressed her back against the door to give way to Sebastian. She decided to slip into the house when he was not noticing.
###Chapter 116
Chapter 116
Sebastian suddenly halted his steps. “They’re gone?” 
“Huh?” Sasha looked up, blinking her eyes in panic. “Y-Yes.” 
“I can let her join Ian’s preschool, but you should be the one responsible for the fee.” 
Sasha was elated as she never thought he would give his consent. Having forgotten about the awkward moment earlier, she replied, “Sure! How much is it? I can pay you right now!” 
She waited for Sebastian to tell her the amount she needed to pay. 
With the money she saved up during the past few years, she believed it wouldn’t be much of a problem to send her daughter to Ian’s preschool. 
However, she couldn’t believe her ears when Sebastian told her that the fee was one million. 
“What? One million?!” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in disbelief. The preschool fee is a million? Is he kidding me? Even studying at the best university overseas won’t cost as much. That’s daylight robbery! 
She asked harshly, “Are you kidding me? The preschool fee costs a million? What’s so special about this preschool?” 
Sebastian sneered, “Well, it’s the best preschool in Avenport funded by me.” 
He paused for a while before he added, “A million only covers a semester. If you really want to let your daughter study there, you need to prepare at least two million. Ms. Wand, are you sure about it?” 
This man has indeed lived up to his identity as a cunning and profit-oriented businessman. He is not satisfied at all with a million that he now doubles the price.
Sasha was so angry until her fingers trembled. 
Vivian is your daughter! How could you treat her like that? Wouldn’t you worry that your children won’t take care of you when you’re older? 
Right that moment, she wished she could slap that b*stard’s face with her shoe. 
But before she could do anything, Sebastian had walked out of the door. 
Sasha’s body thudded against the door, her shoulders slouching. 
Wendy quickly came up to her and consoled her, “Ms. Wand, are you alright? Don’t listen to Mr. Hayes. He was just kidding, and he won’t ask for that much.” 
Oh Wendy, I bet you’re wrong this time. 
Sasha knew she had always been a thorn in Sebastian’s flesh. Now that he thought Vivian was not his daughter, it was impossible for that man not to charge her. 
Later, Sasha returned to her room to check the balance in her bank account. 
She found out there were only four hundred thousand, which was not even close to a million. 
What should I do now? I don’t have enough money… I have to let Vivi go to preschool with her brothers… 
Her heart ached when she recalled Vivian looking at her with anticipatory eyes earlier this morning. Sitting on her bed, she scrolled through her phone to see if there was any other way she could gather the remaining six hundred thousand. 
In the end, she managed to find a person who could help – Solomon!
Meanwhile, at the Hayes Corporation. 
Luke only heard that Sasha had moved into Royal Court One after he came back from a meeting. He was so shocked that he spat out his water. 
“What did you say? Ms. Wand moved into Mr. Hayes’s house?” 
“Aren’t you the one who ordered the bodyguards to bring her there? Why are you so surprised?” 
The person gossiping with Luke was the clerk who paid Sasha’s hospital charges. Thus, she knew exactly what happened that day. 
Hearing that, Luke once again choked on his water. Bullsh*t! Why would I even do that? I’m not crazy! 
After that, he took a sip of water to calm his nerves. 
“How are they now? Are they alright?” 
“They’re fine. Mr. Scott, I’m curious. Is Ms. Wand really Mr. Hayes’s ex-wife? What a shocker! I’ve never heard that he was married before, but now his ex-wife suddenly appeared. Isn’t Ms. Green his fiancée?” the clerk asked curiously. 
Matteo’s kidnapping incident had caused a huge commotion, and the Hayes Corporation had even deployed snippers and helicopters for the rescue mission. Now, all of the employees were curious about the identity of Matteo – the boy who looked identical to Ian. 
To the clerk’s disappointment, Luke would not quench her curiosity. It was not his place to gossip about the president’s private affairs. 
Luke soon dove into his work.
To his surprise, Xandra showed up at the office that afternoon. 
“Look! It’s Ms. Green! She’s here!” 
“She hasn’t shown up for days. I thought she’s not coming to the office anymore.” 
“Duh! Even though Mr. Hayes’s ex-wife suddenly appeared, she’s still Mr. Hayes’s fiancée. Only an idiot will give up the opportunity to become the president’s wife.”
###Chapter 117
Chapter 117
Xandra became the center of attention the moment she stepped foot in the company. 
The employers were still whispering to each other. Instead of rushing up to Xandra to fawn over her, they were now standing aside with crossed arms, waiting to see if she would make a scene. 
Xandra hadn’t shown her face for days. She couldn’t help clenching her fists in anger when she noticed she was the subject of their gossips. 
Now, everyone in Hayes Corporation knew Sasha was Sebastian’s ex-wife and that that woman was Ian’s mother. 
If Xandra wanted to marry Sebastian, all she could do was to maintain her grace and put on airs as the future president’s wife. 
“G-Good morning, Ms. Green.” 
“Morning.” 
Xandra unclenched her fists and returned the greeting of an employee, who was holding a pile of documents while waiting for the elevator beside her. 
As expected, the employee was pleasantly surprised by Xandra’s friendliness. She was so nervous that her palms became sweaty when she entered the elevator after Xandra. 
“Are you from the business department?” 
“Yes.” 
“I see you’re carrying a lot of documents. Did your workload increase after Sasha stopped coming to work?” asked Xandra with a gentle smile on her face.
The employee was slightly bewildered when Xandra suddenly mentioned Sasha, which didn’t ring a bell with her. 
When the employee finally remembered that Sasha was the president’s ex-wife, her body tensed up in an instant. 
“N-Not really. Actually, s-she…” 
“I don’t wish any employer to overstretch themselves. You can ask the vice president to get the Human Resource Department to hire new staff. Initially, we hired Sasha because she was idle at home. We later dismissed her since she was not competent with the job. It’s better to hire new staff so that it won’t affect the department’s work efficiency.” 
Xandra was acting all amiable and friendly for some reason. 
It was as if she was sympathizing with the employer’s distress, she even looked guilty when she said it was her decision to put Sasha in the business department. 
The employer was shocked by the revelation. 
Oh, my goodness! So Ms. Green was the one who let that woman work in our department. No wonder she disappeared after having only worked for one day. It’s because Ms. Green dismissed her for causing all the trouble in the business department! 
It seems like Mr. Hayes’s ex-wife is no match for Ms. Green since the latter could send her away whenever she wants. 
The employer’s eyes shone with excitement, thinking she got the news first-hand. Feeling eager to share the piece of news with her colleagues, she rushed out as soon as the elevator door opened. 
Unbeknownst to her, a wicked smile crept onto Xandra’s face after she left.
Sasha, do you seriously think you can compete with me? I’ll let everyone know who the lady of Hayes Corporation is. 
A determined glint flashed across her eyes as she tucked her hair behind her ears. 
A few minutes later, the elevator brought her to the president’s office. 
“Ms. Green, you’re here!” 
“Good morning, Ms. Green!” 
“Morning, Ms. Green.” 
Within minutes after the conversation in the elevator, there was a drastic change in the employers’ attitude as they greeted her reverently. 
Xandra flashed them a faint smile before entering Sebastian’s office. 
“Sebastian, I’m here to bid you farewell.” 
Sitting behind his desk, Sebastian was occupied with his work. He didn’t give Xandra any response though she was fixing her ardent gaze at him. He intended to ignore her until he heard her words. “What? Farewell?” 
“What do you mean?” he asked again. 
Looking at the man’s knotted brows, for a moment, Xandra wanted to change her mind and tell him that she was joking. 
Just then, Aunt Kelly’s words rang out in her mind.
She then recalled the employers’ attitude toward her just now. Rumors that were unfavorable toward her were circulating in the company. That had had an impact on her credibility as the future president’s wife. 
In the end, she put up a good front, showing her considerate side. 
“Do you remember me telling you that I’ve sent my script to a magazine company overseas? They’ve contacted me recently, saying that they wanted to sign me.” 
“Really?” 
Sebastian’s expression softened. 
Xandra’s writings and her perseverance were the things he liked about her. He didn’t know how she managed to write all those letters buried under the magnolia tree. Eventually, she survived through hell, rising like a phoenix from the ashes. 
“If that’s so, you should give it a try. Do you need me to book a flight for you?” he asked. 
Xandra was exhilarated as this was the first time he showed that he actually cared about her.
###Chapter 118
Chapter 118
Aunt Kelly was right! 
“It’s alright. I’ve already booked the flight.” She hesitated and then made a request, “If you have the time, could you send me to the airport later?” 
Sebastian frowned slightly. He took a glance at his watch and agreed nevertheless. “Alright, I’ll fetch you after I finish my work.” 
Xandra nodded in satisfaction. 
Kelly was right in saying that she should treat a man as if she were flying a kite. If she constantly pulled the string taut, it would eventually snap. Likewise, a man would only feel suffocated and try to break free from her. 
Thus, she made up her mind to let the string loose sometimes, allowing the kite to fly. This way, only would the man willingly stay by her side. 
In the meantime, Sasha finally got to meet Solomon in a café. 
“Solomon, I’m sorry for asking you out all of a sudden. I hope I didn’t cause you any inconvenience.” 
Sasha felt sorry because Solomon, the young man with gold-rimmed glasses, was already waiting for her at a table by the window by the time she arrived. 
“It’s alright. I’m on my lunch break anyway.” 
Solomon discreetly sized her up. 
The woman had light makeup on, with a faint reddish tinge on her cheeks so that she would not look that pale. Her full lips looked moist and plump after the application of lipstick.
“Thankfully I didn’t disturb you.” 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief. Tiny beads of sweat were seen covering her forehead. 
She took the seat opposite Solomon and was about to call the waiter over when the latter said, “I’ve ordered a Jamaican Blue Mountain for myself and a cup of hot cappuccino for you. You prefer it with sugar and milk, am I right?” 
“Huh? Y-yes… but I was supposed to treat you to coffee.” 
Sasha smiled sheepishly when she heard Solomon had already ordered for both of them. 
In fact, a cup of sweet and creamy hot coffee indeed suited her liking. She knew people would definitely laugh at her taste if she was to order this in a high-end café, thinking it was a waste of the high-quality coffee beans. 
Nevertheless, she always ordered coffee according to her liking. After all, why would she force herself to drink black coffee when life was already full of bitterness? 
“Actually, Solomon, I wanted to ask you about something. Earlier, you told me that your friend wanted to hire me to work in his clinic. I’m wondering if he still needs me.” 
Solomon was surprised. “You’ve decided to work?” 
Avoiding his gaze, Sasha then gave him an excuse to put him off, “Yes. I might need to stay here for a while, so that’s why I’m finding a job. I wonder how much he’s going to pay me?” 
Fortunately, Solomon was tactful enough not to ask further questions. “I told him that you’ve worked for Clear previously. I suppose your annual salary will be higher than what Clear Hospital offered.” 
“Is that for real?”
Sasha’s eyes brightened. 
As a famous doctor in Clear Hospital, her annual salary was more than a million. If she was to work at Solomon’s friend’s clinic, perhaps she could negotiate and request an advance payment of six months’ salary. 
She finally found a glimmer of hope. 
“Solomon, is it okay if I go for a job interview now?” 
“Now?” 
“Yes. Oh, you don’t need to accompany me. Just give me his address and contact number, and I can go by myself,” Sasha reassured him as she was afraid to waste any more of his time. 
Solomon suddenly stood up and grabbed his coat. 
“You’ve never seen him before. It’s better that I bring you there. Besides, he doesn’t have many patients in his clinic at this time” 
“Oh, um… okay then.” Sasha nodded her agreement since he insisted. 
Soon after, the two left the café. 
Finding a job and requesting an advance payment of salary was the only way Sasha could think of. Previously, she did the same thing to raise her two children when she just moved to Clear. 
After that, Sasha got into Solomon’s car. 
Initially, she thought he would drive her to meet his friend right away. However, a few minutes later, she realized they were heading to a mall in the city center.
“Why are we…” 
“I think you’d better change into a new set of clothes. My friend is germophobic, so…” 
Sitting behind the wheel, Solomon cast a sidelong glance at her while smiling teasingly. 
Sasha’s face flushed scarlet when she lowered her head to look at her coat. 
It was indeed a little dirty. 
When she moved into Royal Court One, she didn’t bring her clothes from her rental apartment. For the past few days, she was wearing the very coat that Matteo brought her when she still was receiving treatment in the hospital. 
Thinking that it was inappropriate to meet her future boss in a dirty coat, Sasha eventually agreed to Solomon’s suggestion. 
Unbeknownst to her, a black Bentley had arrived at the mall’s parking lot after their car.
###Chapter 119
Chapter 119
It was a sudden idea of Xandra’s to go shopping at the mall. 
Since she became Sebastian’s fiancée, she had been living a luxurious life. Every aspect of her daily livings was being taken care of to the highest standard. Since it would be a long stay overseas this time, she decided to buy a few more handbags and bring them along with her. 
“Sebastian, wait for me in the car. I’ll be back as soon as possible.” 
Sebastian nodded a response without looking at her. As soon as he stopped the car, he fished out his phone to check if there were any urgent matters that he needed to attend to. 
Seeing that, Xandra didn’t dare to disturb him. She quietly put on her coat and then got out of the car. 
“Must we go upstairs? We can just buy a coat at any one of the shops on the ground floor.” 
“Sure! We’ll head to the ground floor then. Are you cold?” 
“No. Let’s go.” 
The moment Xandra opened the door, the chilly breeze gushed into the car, along with snippets of indistinct conversation. 
Sebastian stopped scrolling his phone upon hearing the familiar voice. In an instant, he cast his eyes over to see Sasha walking with another man. 
He exuded a cold and ominous aura, especially when he saw the man wrapping his coat around the petite figure. Within seconds, the atmosphere around him dropped below freezing point. 
Sasha Wand!
Eventually, Sasha entered a shop on the ground floor. She decided to randomly pick a coat so that they could then go for the interview. 
“Welcome, Miss. How can I help you?” 
Sasha cast her eyes over the shop and said openly, “I need an affordable coat.” 
She once lived a good life before the disruption of the Wand family. Even so, she never really pursued a materialistic lifestyle back then, let alone now. To her, the utility of an item was more important than whether it was branded. 
The staff, however, became aloof upon hearing her words. 
At the same time, Solomon cast a cold glance at the staff before he took a coat from the latest collection. “Nancy, there’s no hurry. We should pick one that suits you the most. I think this looks pretty good. Why don’t you try it on?” 
The staff brightened up and started concurring with Solomon, “That’s right. Miss, this coat suits you well. I believe you will definitely attract everyone’s attention on the street.” 
“Really?” Sasha gazed at the coat dubiously. 
Solomon reassured her, “Trust me. Just go and try it on first, and then we’ll decide whether we are getting it.” 
With that, he grabbed her hand, leading her to the fitting room. 
Since Solomon insisted, Sasha gave in and did as he said. 
In the meantime, the staff was trying to strike up a conversation with Solomon outside the fitting room.
“Sir, you sure have good taste. This coat is of the latest collection launched recently. You’ll be stunned when your girlfriend comes out later wearing the coat.” 
Solomon smiled faintly but remained silent. 
A few minutes later, Sasha came out in the coat. 
The coat suited her perfectly as if it was custom-tailored for her. The Morandi color collar greatly accentuated her fair skin, while the classic Chanel-style design that emphasized the wearer’s waistline highlighted her curves. 
“Miss, you look gorgeous.” 
All of the staff in the shop exclaimed in awe. 
Solomon was also amazed. 
He had long known that she was beautiful. Yet he never thought she could be so stunning after dressing up. 
“We’ll take this one. Wrap it-” 
“Sebastian, this coat looks nice! I love it. Can we get this one?” 
Just as Solomon was about to pay for the coat, Xandra caught sight of Sasha’s back view in the shop. She immediately pleaded with Sebastian coyly to buy the very coat that Sasha was trying on. 
Sebastian?! 
Sasha froze in front of the mirror. Her expression changed upon hearing someone calling Sebastian’s name.
It can’t be that coincidental, right? How could we even bump into each other in one of the many shops in this huge mall? 
Inexplicably, Sasha started to panic. Before she could even hide in the fitting room, Xandra had rushed into the shop. 
“Excuse me, wrap this up for me.” 
Notwithstanding that Sasha was wearing the coat, Xandra was so insolent that she directly asked the staff to wrap it up for her. 
The staff was stumped by her request. 
As for Solomon, the usual calmness on his face was replaced by anger. “Miss, my friend is trying on the coat. Isn’t it inappropriate of you to cut in line?” 
“There’s nothing inappropriate about it. Since I have my eyes on the coat, it now belongs to me.” 
“Why should we let you have it?” 
“Because she’s my woman. Is this reason valid enough?” 
Right then, Sebastian entered the shop. Although it was wintertime, the man was wearing a thin shirt underneath his unbuttoned black coat. One might wonder if he could even stand the cold weather outside.
###Chapter 120
Chapter 120
His woman? 
Sasha’s feeling of panic and nervousness disappeared, replaced by her usual calmness. 
She turned around and said coldly, “What if I refuse?” 
Upon that, Xandra’s eyes widened in shock as she looked at Sasha’s face in a daze. 
“Sasha Wand? It’s you! Why are you here?” 
With a condescending smile, Sasha scoffed, “Ms. Green, what a strange question you’ve asked. I can come and shop if I want to. I don’t need to ask for your permission, do I?” 
She didn’t even bother to hide her disgust and hatred toward Xandra. 
“You!” Xandra turned red in anger. 
Without sparing another glance at her, Sasha turned to face Solomon and said apologetically, “Sorry about that, Solomon. Could you please hand me my purse? We’ll leave after I pay for the coat.” 
“Alright. Here you go.” 
Solomon was standing by the side during the ladies’ exchange. He handed over the purse that he was carrying to Sasha at her request. 
Seeing that, Sebastian’s eyes turned gloomy. 
A woman would only let a man carry her purse if they were in a close relationship, just like Xandra would ask him to carry hers though he would reject her most of the time.
Anger was boiling in him. Initially, he brought Xandra to the shop with the intention of humiliating Sasha. 
Instead of leaving triumphantly, he was so pissed that he wished he could strangle that woman to death. 
Just then, Sasha seemed to be facing some issue when making payment. 
“Miss, this coat costs one hundred and eighty thousand, but the balance in your credit card is only a hundred thousand.” 
Sasha cried out, “What?! A hundred and eighty thousand?” 
She was so shocked that she forgot that there were two people in the shop, waiting to humiliate her. 
The cost of the coat was almost twice the amount of her savings. How could she spend all her savings on a coat when she still needed to earn money to pay her daughter’s preschool fee? 
At that instant, Sasha regretted making such a stupid decision of buying the coat just to defend her dignity in front of Xandra and Sebastian. 
Meanwhile, Xandra and Sebastian were gloating over her misfortune. 
Seeing Sasha in trouble, Sebastian curled his lips into a smug smile. He even pulled a chair over and sat down with his legs crossed. 
Hmph! Since you enjoy shopping with other men, why don’t you call more of your male friends over and ask them to pay for you? Let’s see if any of them could actually afford that coat. 
At this moment, Xandra spoke up, “Sasha, do you not have enough money? Let me pay for you. Actually, you’ve misunderstood me. I didn’t know you were trying the coat earlier.”
Unlike her previous aggressive manner, she offered to help Sasha pay for the coat gently. 
What the flippin’ hell… What is she trying to do? Is she trying to show to that scum that his wife-to-be is a generous and kind woman? Sasha clenched her fists. 
Just as she was about to accept defeat and leave the shop, the man standing beside her handed over a credit card to the staff. 
“My girlfriend doesn’t need your help,” Solomon said to Xandra. Then, he turned to face the staff. “We’re paying with my credit card. And also, please wrap the dirty coat in the fitting room for us.” 
The mellow tone in his voice resembled a tenor saxophone – smooth and almost hypnotizing. 
Everyone was gaping at him. At this point, the shop was dead silent to the point that one could hear a pin drop. 
This was an unexpected outcome to everyone, including Sasha. 
In her befuddled state, she watched the staff swiped the card and wrapped the dirty coat for them. Before she had even realized it, Solomon took her hand in his. 
“We’ll be going now. Enjoy your shopping!” 
Solomon was polite enough to say his goodbye to both Xandra and Sebastian before leading Sasha out of the shop. 
The shop was still engulfed by dead silence though Solomon and Sasha were long gone. 
At that moment, Xandra dared not to utter a single word in the face of Sebastian’s intimidating aura.
She had not seen Sebastian this angry before. His face was clouded over, and his eyes gleamed with murderous intent. 
“S-Sebastian…” 
Bang! 
Sebastian rose to his feet and kicked the chair forcefully. 
The next moment, he rushed out of the shop. 
Xandra immediately chased after him to stop him but to no avail. 
The man had run so fast that his figure vanished from sight in no time. 
Xandra reached the parking lot only to see the black Bentley whizzed by her and soon vanished from sight. 
Does he have to be so angry just because his ex-wife has found herself a boyfriend? 
She bit her lips, trying hard to hold back her tears.
###Chapter 121
Chapter 121
In truth, Sebastian’s reaction to the matter felt like a knife to her heart. She wasn’t willing to admit it but she did lose the battle this time to Sasha. 
How can this be? 
Doesn’t he not love her? 
When she was pregnant, he showed no concern for her at all. But what made him change after five years? 
Xandra went home in disappointment. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was stuck in a daze. 
It wasn’t until Solomon drove her far out of the city and had almost arrived at his friend’s clinic that she slowly regained her senses. 
“Stop by the side, Solomon. Stop the car!” 
The moment she recovered her senses, she insisted angrily for Solomon stop the car at once to which he complied. 
“Nancy, I…” 
“Enough. I am in no mood to listen to you. I’m busy today and won’t be heading over to your friend’s place. I’m sorry.” 
After cutting him off, Sasha opened the car door and was prepared to leave. 
Solomon panicked in response.
“Nancy, listen to me. I didn’t mean what I did earlier. When I saw them humiliating you, I just couldn’t bear to watch and ended up saying those words.” 
Solomon didn’t dare to restrain her physically. After she got out of the car, he quickly followed and came around to block her way instead. 
Earlier, he was just trying to be expedient. 
Unable to tolerate the situation any further, he declared that she was his girlfriend. 
However, Sasha didn’t relent. 
In fact, his words caused her expression to darken which rarely happened over the many years they had known each other. 
Solomon began to feel anxious. 
“Nancy?” 
“You knew everything about me, don’t you? And you knew who Sebastian is too, right?” 
Sasha finally glared at him intently and it was the first time he heard her speak to him in such a frosty tone, causing him to turn pale. 
“Let me explain…” 
“Forget it. Actually, it doesn’t really matter. You’re right, I am Sebastian’s ex-wife and both my children are his. Therefore, Solomon, you should stay away from me just so that he doesn’t hurt you. It’s for the best that we pretend to not know each other.” 
Sasha finally calmed down and warned Solomon solemnly.
However, he was infuriated by what she suggested. 
“Why should I stay away from you? Both of you are no longer related to each other so what gives him the right to treat you this way? Nancy, you don’t have to be afraid. I’ll protect you from now on.” 
Suddenly, he approached Sasha with a longing look in his eyes, causing her to freeze for a moment before retreating a few steps. 
Staring at him, she suddenly felt a surge of resentment inside her. 
She ignored him and tried to flag a cab by the street. 
In a very short while, she managed to get into one and left. 
All this while, she was aware of his feelings for her. But she had told him that they can only remain as friends as she would never love another man for the rest of her life. 
After getting into the cab, Sasha informed the driver of her address as she planned to head home for a nap. 
Little did she expect her phone to ring. 
“Hello?” 
“Sasha, where are you? Why is Vivi suddenly sent back here? Isn’t she staying with you?” 
It was Jackson’s voice on the phone, telling her that Vivian had been sent to his place. 
How is that possible? 
Isn’t Vivi at preschool?
Sasha found it strange. “I’m outside right now and have no idea why Vivi was sent over. Who sent her? Also, what about Matt? Aren’t they together?” 
“I didn’t see Matt. A few young men in suits came by. Do you know anything about it?” 
Sasha was lost for words. 
Suddenly, her heart skipped a beat as a frightening thought flashed across her mind. A sense of dread began to swell within her. 
“Alright, I understand. Uncle Jackson, I’ll find out what’s going on immediately.” 
Sasha ended the call and called Empire Preschool immediately. 
Once they knew she was Vivian’s mother, the staff at Empire Preschool confirmed that Vivian was picked up from school. 
“It was someone named Luke Scott who came to get her.” 
“What did you say? Luke?” 
“Yes. He even left with her brothers, Ian and Matteo.” 
Overwhelmed by fear, Sasha was so shocked she couldn’t hear anything else. 
With her hands trembling, she even dropped her phone in the cab. 
No, this is not possible. 
He won’t do such a thing. After all, we were only arguing and there’s no reason for him to go that far. 
Sasha couldn’t stop reassuring herself.
However, when she picked up her phone to call Luke, the reality that greeted her pushed her back into the abyss. 
“Why are you asking me? How should I know? I’m equally confused by what’s going on. Why was I suddenly instructed to pick up your sons? Or send your daughter to your uncle’s place?” 
After a long bout of silence, Sasha, already pale, could hear herself ask, “What about the boys then? Where are they?” 
“Do you mean Mr. Matteo? Both he and Mr. Ian have been picked up. Mr. Hayes has asked me to book flight tickets for Machia for them.”
###Chapter 122
Chapter 122
Inside the cab, Sasha was stunned by Luke’s answer that she slumped. 
Why must that assh*le treat me this way? 
By sending them to Machia, does he plan on not letting me see them forever? 
Is my worst nightmare coming true? 
That assh*le! That heartless animal! 
Sasha was trembling in anger. The thought that she would not get to see her children again felt like a part of her had just been cut out raw, causing her to suffocate. 
“Miss, Miss, are you alright?” 
When the cab driver saw her face in the rearview mirror, he quickly called out in concern. 
Only then did Sasha regain her senses. 
“I’m alright. Mister, sorry for the trouble, I’m not going back to Old Town. Instead, take me to Hayes Corporation.” 
Sitting up straight with reddened eyes, she uttered every word with conviction while glaring straight ahead. 
Frightened by her response, the driver quickly changed directions and headed back to the city center. 
Ten minutes later, they arrived at Hayes Corporation. 
Sasha immediately got off and rushed into the building, intending to head straight to the top floor to see Sebastian.
However, the moment she reached the entrance, a uniformed guard who had previously not been stationed there raised his hands to stop her. 
“You’re not allowed to enter.” 
“Why?” 
“Because Mr. Hayes has ordered that you’re banned from entering from now on,” the guard asserted with a frosty glare. 
Sasha almost burst a vessel at his words. 
How dare that assh*le station someone here to stop me? Is he sick in the head? Does he think he can stop me from fighting for the children just like that? In his dreams! 
After glaring fiercely at the top floor of the building, Sasha turned and left. 
Half an hour later, another woman arrived at the entrance. 
However, this woman was dressed in a full-length winter coat that made her look elegant and distinguished. She wore a pair of sunglasses and held a custom-made handbag. The moment she appeared, her graceful swagger caused the ladies around her to feel embarrassed of themselves and the men to swoon over her. 
My God! Who is this woman? 
She’s really gorgeous and extremely charming! 
Inside the building, there were many who were already attracted by the woman, including the guard who had stopped Sasha earlier. He simply gawked at the lady in awe. 
“Miss, may I know if…”
“Shoo!” 
Not even bothered to talk to him, the unbelievably gorgeous lady shot him an icy glance before entering the building. 
Who does he think he is to be worthy of talking to me? 
Upon entering the building, a clerk quickly came up to greet her politely. 
“Hello, Miss, may I know what I can help you with?” 
“I’m here to see your president.” 
This time, the woman responded. 
Furthermore, when she declared the purpose of her visit, she took off the sunglasses she was wearing. 
“Good heavens…” 
At that very moment, everyone in the lobby gasped in awe. 
The lady’s face was indeed picture perfect. It was oval-shaped with ideal proportions, while her features were greater than the sum of their individual parts. Combined, it gave one the sensation of blossoming spring flowers. Coupled with exquisite makeup, her looks were so mesmerizing that no one could peel their eyes away from her, especially from her jewel-like eyes. 
Given how beautiful she was and that she was holding a designer bag, the clerk quickly informed the president’s office and personally escorted her into the elevator. 
“Miss, the president’s office is on the top floor. You’ll see it when you get there.”
“Alright. Thank you.” 
The gorgeous lady was also well brought up as she thanked the clerk politely before entering the elevator. 
However, the moment she got in, she dropped her elegant act and seethed while staring at the flashing floor numbers of the elevator. 
“How dare you challenge me? I was a socialite long before any of you were anything in your lives. Sebastian, I’ll f*cking show you!” 
Without a doubt, that woman was Sasha. 
When Sebastian received a call saying that a prominent young lady was coming to see him, his mind was filled with questions. 
Prominent young lady? 
Who is it? 
He couldn’t recall anyone that fit the description. 
However, as his schedule was always filled with appointments, he figured he must have missed this one by accident. 
Therefore, he gave permission to the clerk to allow the lady in. 
When she entered, the clicks of her heels caught the attention of all the employees in the president’s office. Before he knew it, the door to his room was opened. 
It was at that very moment he looked up and was briefly stunned at the sight of her, even though she was wearing a pair of sunglasses.
###Chapter 123
Chapter 123
However, it was only for a fleeting moment. 
The next second, the lady took off her sunglasses and hurled it at him together with the designer handbag. 
“How dare you bar me from coming up here. Do you think I can be bullied so easily? Sebastian Hayes, let me tell you, if you don’t return my boys to me, I will kick up such a big fuss that you will regret it!” 
Bam! 
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed as he jumped out of his chair to evade the flying s. The bag and sunglasses crashed onto his table, smashing into his computer and sending all his documents flying. 
Sebastian was shocked as he stared at the computer and documents strewn all over the floor and also the rock that rolled out of the handbag. 
He was so furious that he was lost for words. 
Sasha was equally shaken. 
Oops, did I overdo it? His computer might contain a lot of important data. If I broke it, does it mean there’s no more room for negotiation? 
Sigh, I should have chosen a smaller rock. 
Sasha began to regret her actions. 
Meanwhile, a thunderous roar finally rang out of the office. “Sasha Wand! Do you f*cking want to die? I’ll help you along if that’s what you want.” 
Sasha retreated a step by reflex.
“You… you forced me to do it. Why did you to kidnap my children and send them to Machia? What’s your intention? Are you trying to prevent me from seeing them ever again? Sebastian, let me warn you that if you continue to do this, I’ll do something even more extreme!” 
Having rediscovered her courage, she started to stand up for herself. 
Furthermore, she had also given him a warning. 
Sebastian was further infuriated by her words. “How dare you threaten me? Let me tell you that they are my sons. I can send them wherever I want.” 
“But I gave birth to them, and I am their mother!” 
“You have lost the right to be their mother, Sasha. Ever since you shamelessly seduced other men, you no longer qualify to be one. You don’t even deserve to touch them!” 
She had never expected him to attack her in this way. 
Sasha wanted to look for a rock again. 
This time, it wasn’t his computer she was aiming for but his head instead. 
I’ll smash his head into pieces and burn it to crisp in the oven. How about that? 
“Sebastian, let me be clear. Since when did I seduce anyone else? That’s just because someone was helping me out of indignance over how you treated me. Do you think I’m like you? Desperate to the extent where you brought a woman home while I was still pregnant?” 
“So what if I have a boyfriend? Is it illegal? We no longer have anything to do with each other. And you allowed that vixen to become your wife officially. So why is it that when I do the same thing, I become the one who is seducing another man? Don’t you think it’s just absurd?”
Her last sentence couldn’t be anymore stinging. 
At the same time, Sebastian felt as if he had been slapped in the face, causing him to turn green in anger. 
Against such scum, I have to take a hardstand. Or else, he will never show me any respect. And most importantly, he won’t remember that we no longer have anything to do with each other. 
The tension in the room finally began to ease. 
At that moment, amidst the incendiary atmosphere of the office, silence blanketed the whole floor. It was so frighteningly quiet that one could hear a pin drop. 
Sasha couldn’t help but clench her fists. 
“Get out!” 
“What?” 
Sasha looked up and wondered if she had heard wrongly. 
Obviously, she didn’t as Sebastian had put his phone on speaker. “Get security in here, now!” 
His expression had drastically changed. Just a moment ago, he was filled with fury and murderous rage. 
But now, he seemed different. After being scolded by Sasha and regaining his composure, his expression became icy cold and nothing else could be gleaned from it. 
Feeling agitated still, Sasha wanted to continue pressing her case.
However, someone suddenly rushed in. “Mr. Hayes, your sons have disappeared at the airport!” 
“What did you say?” 
Just as he spoke, both Sasha and Sebastian stared at the man. Then, both of them lost their composure. 
That man was one of Sebastian’s bodyguards who was tasked to escort the children to the airport. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. I didn’t watch them carefully enough. It’s just that… they are just too smart. The moment we arrived at the airport, they gave me the slip.” 
The bodyguard looked as if he was on the brink of tears as there was nothing he could do. 
After all, those two children were in a league of their own. 
Initially, when Sebastian decided to send them to Machia, he arranged for seven to eight bodyguards to escort them as he knew how slippery they could be. 
However, the moment they arrived at the airport, one of them made an excuse to use the gents as a distraction while the other shut down all the bodyguards’ phones by hacking them with his tablet… 
Luckily, Sebastian and Sasha didn’t see the bodyguards’ faces at the airport when they lost the boys. It was an absolute disaster.
###Chapter 124
Chapter 124
“You are a bunch of useless trash!” 
After admonishing his bodyguards, he stormed out of his office. 
Meanwhile, Sasha quickly followed behind him. 
Sebastian remarked, “Why are you following me? Didn’t I ask you get out?” 
Sasha retorted, “I didn’t hear it. Sebastian, let’s stop quarreling for the time being and find the boys first, alright?” 
She decided to relent and began pleading with him with a pitiful expression. 
She had no choice as the children were everything to her. At that moment, she was willing to do anything for them, including apologizing and retracting her earlier words. 
Sebastian glared at her intently and prioritized his sons in the end. 
With that, both of them set out together. 
Outside, all his nosy staff were dumbfounded. 
What just happened? 
Why did Mr. Hayes leave with the woman? Who is she? 
Wait a minute, why does she look familiar? 
The eyes and the pale lips… 
“F*ck! Isn’t that his… ex-wife?”
Everyone in the president’s office was stunned. 
Both Matteo and Ian did escape. 
However, they didn’t venture far and were still at the airport because they were discussing something of great importance. 
“I think Daddy and Mommy must be having some problems again.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
Sitting on the sofa of a cafe, Ian held onto his glass of warm milk and grudgingly agreed with his brother’s assessment. 
Given how they were abruptly brought from the preschool to the airport while their sister was sent away separately; it was obvious that something serious had happened. 
What should we do now? 
Ian was equally frustrated as he had a hunch that Daddy must be the one at fault. 
If that is true, what are we going to do if Matteo loses his patience and forbids Mommy from being together with Daddy? Would he and Vivi leave with Mommy then? 
Ian tightened his grip on his Transformers toy. 
“Ian, I don’t think we can allow this to continue. We have to think of a way to teach Daddy a lesson.” 
As expected, Matteo had thought of the same thing when he voiced his concerns. 
Ian’s face lost all color as he hung his head in silence.
“Ian?” 
“Go on…” 
Ian finally nodded in resignation. 
After which, Matteo explained his plan in detail. 
“Look, Daddy brought us to the airport so that he can send us somewhere that Mommy can’t find us. In that case, we should let him have a taste of his own medicine.” 
“What?” 
Ian looked up immediately and stared intently at his brother. 
He was sensitive enough to notice Matteo had used the word “we” and wasn’t just referring to himself. 
However, Matteo assumed that his brother was asking again because he didn’t understand. Hence, he explained his plan one more time. 
“Since Daddy doesn’t want Mommy to see us, we might as well include Mommy in this. We shouldn’t let Daddy find the three of us. No, wait… I mean the four of us, including Vivi. We must let him know what it feels like to not be able to see all of us. What do you think?” 
“Sounds good,” Ian readily agreed. 
After all, he was of the opinion that Daddy should be made aware of his mistake. 
Therefore, after both of them left the cafe, they went to the airline’s sales counter.
A few minutes later, while Sasha was sitting inside Sebastian’s car, which was speeding to the airport, she received a message on her phone. 
It read: Ms. Nancy, with regards to the four flight tickets to Clear which you have bought, the departure time is 14:35… 
“Ahh!” Sasha gasped aloud. 
When Sebastian who was driving heard it, he turned around in anger. “What are you shouting for? Are you sick in the head?” 
Sasha didn’t dare make another sound. 
She was shocked to find out that she had inadvertently booked four flight tickets of which three were child seats. 
Suddenly, something ridiculous flashed across her mind. 
It was at that moment that she received another message. This time it was an ordinary one. 
It read: Mommy, did you receive the message about the flight tickets? It’s Matteo here. Listen to me, Ian and I have booked tickets for the four of us to return to Clear and leave naughty Daddy behind. 
Ahem…ahem… 
Shocked, Sasha coughed aloud to contain her surprise. 
Already exasperated by the fact the children were missing, Sebastian slammed on the brakes and stopped the car by the roadside. 
“Get down!”
“Huh?” Sasha put on her pitiful face again. 
“Don’t, I’ll stop coughing. I was choked by a gush of cold wind. I promise I’ll…” 
“Don’t let me repeat myself!” 
Sasha could filled the rage and animosity in his tone.
###Chapter 125
Chapter 125
She only responded with silence. 
Fine, I’ll get out if that’s what he wants. 
After getting out and slamming the door shut, Sebastian floored the accelerator and sped off like a rocket. 
Pfft! 
When he was gone, Sasha quickly called the number that had texted her. 
“Hello? Matt?” 
“Mommy, it’s me, Matt. Did you get my message?” 
Matteo was using the hacking software on his tablet to communicate with his mom. When they heard her voice, both brothers were elated. 
However, their mom didn’t sound as happy as they had expected to their surprise. 
“Matt, how can you do this? Do you know that you will cause both me and Daddy to worry? He has just dropped everything he was doing to come and search for both of you.” 
“But, Mommy, we just wanted to help you.” 
When they heard what Sasha said, both of them pouted in guilt. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Forget it, I’d better not reprimand them now. It’s more important to find them first.
Hence, after enquiring further and confirming that they were at a hotel near the airport, she hailed a cab to meet them. 
Despite coming as a shock, the boys action also touched her. 
She was moved by the fact that she had a place in their hearts and that they were constantly trying to protect and stand up for her. 
Nevertheless, she was still shocked at how extreme their plan was. 
It was just too brazen and dangerous! 
Filled with anxiety, she finally arrived at the hotel the boys were staying in. 
“Little Ian, Matt…” 
The moment the door opened, Sasha exclaimed in delight when she saw the boys. 
However, Matteo who opened the door gave her the cold shoulder. After glancing at her with an aggrieved expression, he walked back into the room with a pout. 
Sasha didn’t know what to say. 
Turning to the side, she noticed her eldest son there. Despite not having the same expression as his brother, he also had nothing to say. 
“Little Ian?” 
Sasha suddenly felt guilty as she entered the room. Squatting in front of them, she apologized, “I’m sorry, Little Ian, Matt, it’s my fault. I shouldn’t have blamed both of you.” 
Ian pursed his lips.
After a short while, he looked at Sasha and calmly replied, “It’s alright.” 
It was expected of someone who grew up with Sebastian. 
In both his actions and thoughts, he would act differently from Matteo, whereby he was calmer and would take the overall situation into consideration. 
After having her anxiety eased by half, she quickly held her son’s hand before proceeding to mollify the other together. 
“Matt?” 
“Hmph!” 
He was still giving her the cold shoulder while grumpily looking out the window. 
Sasha was both annoyed and amused. Left without a choice, she had to deploy her trump card. 
“Fine. I wanted to go home with both of you today but Matt is still angry with me. What am I to do now?” 
Matt who was still sulking began to relent. 
Ian was also captivated by Sasha’s offer. 
Hence, he put on a rare but authoritative tone of an elder brother. “You cannot be angry at Mommy. It’s wrong to do so.” 
Ian actually used a long sentence to admonish his brother. 
After being censured by his brother and tempted by his mommy…
Matteo finally turned around. “Didn’t you say we shouldn’t have done it? Why do you still want to take us home?” 
“Those are two separate matters. Given how much my two sweeties love me, how can I not take both of you home?” 
Sasha hugged Matteo while gently coaxing him. 
On the way to meeting them, she did think of doing that. Although they had demonstrated their love for her in the wrong way, she still decided to take them home with her. 
Despite their methods, she couldn’t deny whatever they did was well-intended. 
Having heard her words, Matteo finally broke into a smile. 
“Ian, look, Mommy has agreed to take us back to Clear.” Matteo looked at his brother happily. 
Ian glanced at Sasha and didn’t say a word. 
After a while, Sasha finally clarified, “Sweetie, you have misunderstood. I’m not taking you back to Clear, we are just going back to the house that we rented.” 
“What!” 
Matteo was shocked. 
Seeing his reaction, Sasha quickly explained. “Because we can’t do that, Matt. Although Daddy is in the wrong, he is still your daddy. He cares a lot about you and loves you. If we disappeared just like that, he will be very worried and sad. Furthermore, it would be very irresponsible of us to do something like that.” 
Sasha tried to explain to her son as clearly as possible.
Just as she finished, both boys were stunned. 
Mommy actually thought that way? 
Both of them didn’t expect Sasha to act that way after going through such humiliation. 
Even if Sebastian were there, he wouldn’t have expected it too.
###Chapter 126
Chapter 126
After all, he first thought was to send the children away and not allow them to see her after what happened at the clothing store. 
But now, the Sasha was telling the boys not to do it. 
This was an issue of upbringing. 
At the end of the day, Sasha was brought up as a proper lady since birth. 
“I’m sorry, Mommy. I’m wrong.” 
Matteo finally understood and apologized to Sasha. 
Sasha rubbed his head. “Don’t worry about it. I know that you didn’t do it on purpose. In fact, you were doing it for my sake.” 
“Mmm-hmm!” 
“Therefore, I actually wanted to say that I agree with your plan.” 
Sasha supported their stance again. 
Huh? 
She agrees now? 
The boys widened their eyes and gave Sasha a puzzled look. 
Sasha smiled in response. “Given how Daddy bullied me. I feel that we really should teach him a lesson.”
“Why don’t we first return home and I will then take the three of you out for a day out. We will not tell Daddy about it and let him feel anxious, alright?” 
“Alright!” 
The boys agreed in unison. 
A few minutes later, Sasha and the boys left. 
When Sebastian arrived at the airport, he arranged for his men to sweep the place. 
Unfortunately, his sons were simply too savvy. The surveillance feeds of wherever they went had been wiped. 
Therefore, after searching for the whole afternoon, they came up with nothing. 
Those two scoundrels! 
With his eyes already reddened, Sebastian kicked his car in rage when he still couldn’t find them. 
“Continue the search. Find them even if you have to turn Avenport upside down!” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
“Also, where is the hacker that I have asked you to locate? Why isn’t he here yet? All of you are just useless. Why are you taking so long just to find one person?” 
Despite his voice turning hoarse, Sebastian continued to rant furiously. He was both worried and fearful to the extent he cracked his knuckles subconsciously. 
Sasha was right. He did have what it takes to be a father.
Trembling in fear, his bodyguards went to get the hacker at once. 
After a while he received a report saying that it wasn’t that the hacker didn’t arrive, it was just that none of them could undo the destruction wreaked by the boys on the surveillance feeds. 
“M-Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ian and Mr. Matteo are simply too smart. Ordinary hackers… aren’t able to crack their code at all.” 
Bam! 
A loud bang rang out. 
Infuriated, Sebastian slammed his foot into the bodyguard who could barely get back up. 
It was a frightening sight. 
Given how rare Sebastian got physical with them, the bodyguards were all in a sullen mood and didn’t dare utter a single word. 
Luckily, the investigator from amongst the airport staff finally arrived. 
“Mr. Hayes, we have a lead. At 16:35, one of our counters sold four flight tickets to Clear. The person who booked them was… Nancy.” 
“Who did you say it was?” 
It had been a long time since Sebastian heard that name and so he couldn’t recall who it was out of a sudden. 
His bodyguards had no choice but to remind him. “That’s Ms… Wand.” 
Suddenly, the atmosphere fell silent as if it was the calm before the storm.
Clear? 
Did she plan to leave with the children from the very beginning? 
When did this happen? She was with me when the bodyguard reported the matter. Most importantly, she looked as if she knew nothing about it. 
In that case, how did she leave with the children? 
Did they have this planned since the very beginning? 
He suddenly recalled that on the way to the airport, Sasha had exclaimed strangely twice. Also, she hardly protested when he kicked her out of his car. 
Therefore, did she turn the tables on me by leaving with the children when I was the one who sent them away first? 
Everything suddenly clicked in Sebastian’s mind. 
“Mr. Hayes? Are you alright?” 
When the bodyguards saw him holding onto his forehead and staggering, they were shocked as they quickly went up to support him. 
After a long while, Sebastian managed to steady himself. Looking straight ahead with his bloodshot eyes, he barked, “Prepared the helicopter, we are setting off for Clear at once.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes!” 
“Also, prepare a gun for me. I’m going to kill that b*tch!”
Meanwhile, Sasha and the three children enjoyed a wonderful afternoon out. 
Firstly, they went to the amusement park. After all, all kids loved them especially Ian. As his body wasn’t well, he was always forbidden to go on rides. 
Therefore, coming here was the happiest thing that ever happened to him. 
“Ian, I’m telling you, the pirate ship is the scariest ride ever. Let’s not ride that, alright? Let’s go for the musical carousel instead.” 
At the end of the day, Vivian was still a girl and naturally less daring. When she saw the thrilling rides, she began to shirk from them. 
She wanted Ian to ride the wooden horses on the carousel with her. 
On the other hand, Ian wanted to join Matteo, to swing up far into the air on the pirate ship. To him, it looked extremely thrilling. 
However, his sister was pleading with him. 
“Alright.” 
Finally, Ian made the mature decision. Holding Vivian’s hand, they went to ride on the carousel.
###Chapter 127
Chapter 127
Sasha didn’t dare go on any of the rides as she was still hurt. 
Therefore, she went to buy some snacks for the children. 
“Excuse me, three Cokes, three grilled chicken wings, and three meatballs please.” 
“Sure.” 
Everything was bought in threes, delighting the lady boss who was selling them. She proceeded to prepare all of them at once. 
Holding the food, Sasha quickly returned to where the children were. 
At that moment, the theme park wasn’t crowded. All the children that visited enjoyed themselves and didn’t care about how cold the weather was. 
It was under such circumstances that Sasha found Matteo at the pirate ship and Ian who was riding the carousel together with Vivian. 
She enjoyed every moment of it. 
Sasha called out to them. “Matt, come down, I have bought some snacks for you.” 
“Okay, coming.” 
As Matteo was almost done, he came down from the pirate ship immediately. 
After that, Ian returned from the carousel with Vivian in tow. 
“Mommy, Mommy, I enjoyed myself today because Ian was there to protect me.” 
Vivian had also gotten down from the carousel and was delighted the moment she saw Sasha.
Hugging Vivian, Sasha remarked, “I’m sure you are. We should praise Ian for taking good care of you. Ian, come over here. I want to give you a hug too.” 
Sasha beamed as she pulled her eldest son closer. 
Praised by Sasha, Ian blushed before shirking in embarrassment. 
He was really different from Matteo. Matteo was a lot livelier and more easygoing having been raised by Sasha. Although he also took care of his sister, he was not as steady as Ian. 
Perhaps, the difference lies in the environment they grew up in. 
When Sasha saw the sky darken, she began to ponder to herself. 
“Matt, Little Ian, we’re going home after we finish the snacks, alright? It’s getting late.” 
“Alright, Mommy.” 
“Sure, Mommy.” 
Both of them agreed in unison. 
As Vivian gulped down her Coke, she looked up with her big sparkling eyes when she heard Sasha mention that they were going home. 
“Mommy, where are we going back to? Is it Daddy’s place?” 
No one told the innocent little bun that she had been kicked out by Sebastian. 
“No, I’m feeling a lot better, so we will go back to our own home together with your brothers, alright?” 
“Alright.”
She was a little disappointed, she still preferred to stay in a big house. 
More importantly, the house belonged to her daddy. 
With that, the four of them returned home. 
At the same moment, darkness had also fallen. 
As it was already evening, Sasha had to prepare dinner. Although the children ate at the amusement park, it was just considered a light snack. A proper dinner was still a must. 
After Sasha brought the children back to Old Town, they went to the supermarket to buy some groceries before returning to their rented apartment. 
“Sweeties, what do you want to have for dinner?” 
“I want to have spaghetti!” 
“Me too! Ian, Mommy’s spaghetti is the best! Even Uncle Solomon loved it very much.” 
Vivian had a very welcoming personality. At the mere mention of spaghetti, she couldn’t help but introduce it to Ian on his first official day in their home. 
However, she accidentally mentioned Uncle Solomon. 
Sasha quickly interrupted her. “Alright, we will have spaghetti for dinner then. Matt, take your brother to wash his face. Vivi, turn on the electric stove. I’ll start cooking right now.” 
“Alright, Mommy.” 
“Right away, Mommy.”
The three kids acknowledged obediently. 
Only then did Sasha carry the ingredients she bought into the kitchen and started to busy herself. 
An hour later, the spaghetti was ready. The minute the children smelled the tantalizing aroma during the preparation, they rushed into the kitchen to take an occasional peek. 
Even the usually reserved Ian couldn’t help himself and sneaked in twice with his siblings. 
Finally, Sasha served a plate on the table. 
“This is for Vivi.” 
“Wow! Thanks Mommy!” Vivian was already salivating. 
Smiling, Sasha then served the boys’ portions. However, as there were only two kids’ plates at home, one of the servings was on an adult plate. 
“Don’t worry, this is for Ian.” 
Being sensible, Matteo pushed his own kids’ plate toward Ian. 
Sasha’s heart warmed in response to what he did. 
These are my children, sensible and obedient. What more can I ask for? 
After quietly glancing at the children while they were eating, she returned to her bedroom. 
Buzz… Buzz… 
She suddenly felt nervous the moment the phone rang. After all, she had gone overboard this time.
As expected, once the call got through, a thunderous voice raged over the other line. “Sasha Wand! I’m going to kill you!”
###Chapter 128
Chapter 128
Sasha was speechless. 
Hmph, can you stop threatening to kill me all the time? Don’t you know it’s a bad influence on the children? 
Sasha sighed. “Alright. That’s enough for today. You can come to pick the children up now.” 
“What did you say?” 
Airborne over clear airspace at that moment, Sebastian who was raging a while ago was suddenly stumped. 
Pick the children up? 
Just like that? 
He lowered his head to glance at the city he was about to land in. 
When Sasha didn’t hear a response from him for a long time, she began to grow impatient, thinking that he didn’t understand her. 
“Are you coming or not? If not, I’ll let the children spend the night here. But don’t you dare complain tomorrow that my rental apartment is a bad place to raise your children.” 
At that moment, there was silence in the helicopter. 
Rental apartment? 
She’s letting me pick up the children at this hour? 
So, that witch didn’t leave Avenport at all and took the children to her place instead?
Before he could say anything, he almost choked on himself. 
“Mr. Hayes, we are about to land at once. Below us is Clear Hospital and we can land directly on its rooftop.” 
The bodyguard sitting beside him remarked at that crucial moment. 
At the same time, Sasha heard it over the phone which caused her eyes to widen. “My goodness, Sebastian, you… you flew all the way to Clear?” 
“Shut up! Sasha, I will definitely not forgive you for this. Just you wait!” 
After that, Sebastian ended the call abruptly. 
He was utterly humiliated. 
Never in his entire life had anyone fooled him to that extent. 
Sasha became nervous when she felt Sebastian would definitely not forgive her. She had just intended to have some fun at his expense by causing him to worry, so that he would know what it felt like to be tricked. 
However, she had never imagined that he would actually fly to Clear in search of them. 
I’m finished! That’s the end of me. 
She didn’t even dare to sleep. After the children went to bed, she stayed in the living hall, trying her best to fight off her drowsiness while waiting. 
As expected, by three in the morning, she heard the bang of a car door closing and was instantly woken by it.
The figure that arrived looked frightening. 
With her chin by the window, she could sense the murderous rage being emitted by the figure despite the darkness. As he approached slowly, she noticed the chill that accompanied him into the building. 
She was already quaking in her boots. 
To avoid disturbing the children’s sleep, Sasha locked their room door and headed to the entrance. 
“Ah…” 
The moment she got there, she was greeted by a pair of bloodshot eyes, causing her to shriek in surprise and freeze. 
F*ck! This crazy assh*le! 
She fumed, “Sebastian, are you crazy? It’s the middle of the night. What are you trying to do? Scare everyone to death?” 
Sneering, Sebastian kicked the door open. 
“Haha, scare you? You should be glad that I didn’t kill you right away!” 
Sasha no longer wanted to talk to him. Even the earlier guilt and anxiety she felt dissipated at once. 
“Where are the children?” 
“Sleeping.” 
“Bring them out!” 
“Why don’t you do it yourself? Why must I do it?”
Sasha refused to cooperate. Plonking her bum on top of the electric heater, she casually picked up the pack of chips beside her and started munching away. 
Her expression couldn’t be anymore frosty, causing Sebastian to be further infuriated. 
Given that he had not even eaten or drunk for the whole day, he couldn’t help but gulp when he saw her eating and was tempted by the delicious aroma of the chips. 
“Mr. Hayes, why don’t we go in and get the children…” 
“Don’t touch them. Sebastian, let me warn you, my son won’t allow just any stranger to wake him up. If you scare him, I won’t forgive you!” 
Sasha interjected when she heard the bodyguard’s words. 
With a fearsome glare, she was adamant in her refusal to let the bodyguards carry her children. 
After all, children had an inherent fear of being carried by strangers when they’re asleep. No matter how smart they were, the kids were still only five. 
Also, it was freezing outside and they would run the risk of catching a cold. 
The same thoughts naturally crossed Sebastian’s mind as he waved the bodyguards away. 
“What happened today? Since when you started scheming with them?” 
“Mr. Hayes, can you stop thinking that everyone is that crafty? What do you mean by scheming? My sons just wanted to help me when they saw how you bullied me.” 
Sasha argued with reason and also cleared her children’s name.
Unexpectedly, Sebastian scoffed, “They help you? What about the flight tickets? Don’t tell me that they were the ones who bought them?” 
“What’s so strange about it? My son knows all my particulars like the back of his palm and can even generate my ID online. What’s so difficult about booking some flight tickets?” 
Sebastian was speechless. 
“By the way, Little Ian also participated. He was the one who paid.” 
Sasha bit into another piece of chips and it tasted especially delicious. 
Amidst his rage, Sebastian could feel a familiar pain that caused the veins of his temple to throb.
###Chapter 129
Chapter 129
When Sasha noticed the drastic change in Sebastian’s expression, she finally stopped munching on her chips. 
“What’s wrong with you? Are you alright?” 
After a while, Sebastian was in so much pain that he felt his stomach churn. Standing there with a pale expression, he quipped, “Move over a little.” 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
Looking at him in disbelief, she moved over despite some slight hesitation. 
Finally, the moment she made some space, Sebastian sat down beside her. When she felt him emitting a mix of frostiness and masculinity, she couldn’t help but freeze. 
Does he really not mind? 
Amidst her daze, Sebastian, who had sat down with his eyes closed, barked impatiently, “Have you not seen enough? Go pour me a glass of water.” 
Sasha was stunned on the spot. 
She was amazed at how Sebastian knew she was looking at him with his eyes still closed. 
“O… okay.” 
As her face began to flush red, she quickly put down the chips in her hand and poured a glass of water for Sebastian. 
A few minutes later, soothed by the warm water and the electric heater, Sebastian’s gloomy expression finally eased.
Noticing the change, Sasha asked with a slight hesitation, “Why don’t you let them sleep through the night. It’s already four and almost daylight. Besides, you look exhausted yourself.” 
A razor-sharp gaze shot toward her, sending a shiver down her spine. 
Averting her gaze knowingly, Sasha didn’t utter another word. 
In truth, after spending more time with him, she had a better grasp of his temperament. He was a typical chauvinistic male that refused to admit his mistakes. 
Therefore, she realized it was better for her not to criticize him nor decide anything for him. 
Sasha wondered if she should help the children change first so that they wouldn’t catch a cold when they were brought out later. 
“Is there anything to eat?” 
“Huh?” 
When she heard the sudden question, Sasha thought she had heard wrongly and immediately looked at him. After a long pause, she finally asked, “Wh-what do you want to have?” 
“Anything will do!” Sebastian snapped. 
By then, he was already in great discomfort as he had not eaten anything for almost the whole day. The discomfort in him was further exacerbated by the freezing cold weather and the migraine that bugged him constantly. 
Therefore, feeling exasperated, he didn’t feel like saying another word. 
After looking at him, Sasha finally got up.
Given that it was the middle of the night and cooking would have taken too long, Sasha thought about the leftover spaghetti the moment she entered the kitchen. 
After ten minutes, Sebastian, who was leaning against the sofa with his eyes closed, caught a whiff of a tantalizing aroma. 
“There’s nothing else to eat at this ungodly hour other than this spaghetti. The kids and I had it for dinner. So you will have to make do with it.” 
Sasha brought out the spaghetti and placed it in front of Sebastian. 
Although it was leftover, it still looked like it was prepared with care. 
After all, there was even an egg fried sunny-side up and some herbs sprinkled on top as garnishing, whetting one’s appetite. 
Sebastian then picked up the fork beside it. 
Sasha was shaken by his action. 
She realized this was the first time he ate her cooking. Although he had tried her calzone when they were at Frontier Bay, it was still prepared by both Wendy and herself. 
But now, the entire plate of spaghetti was in essence the first time she cooked for him. 
Lowering her head, Sasha fiddled her hair and pretended not to give the matter any thought. 
Slurp… 
A faint slurp was heard. Sebastian who had exemplary table manners hardly made a sound when he ate.
Nevertheless, it still felt like a sharp shrill in Sasha’s ears. 
At that moment, she slowed what she was doing and held her breath, waiting for him to slam the fork down or push the plate away. 
The reason was that he was someone used to haute cuisine. Therefore, a simple plate of spaghetti would definitely not satisfy him. 
Sitting there, she was surprised to not hear anything from him. When she turned to check, she saw him looking at his phone. 
Sasha didn’t know what to make of it. 
Forget it, I’ll just let him be. 
Ignoring what was going on, Sasha began to relax slightly in the comfort of the sofa. Before she knew it, she had already fallen asleep. 
After all, she was exhausted from staying up the whole night. 
Finally, Sebastian cleared the plate and found the food better than expected. 
However, when he wanted to ask Sasha to bring out the children, he realized that she was already asleep beside him. 
He checked the message on his phone: Mr. Hayes? 
To which he replied: I know. I’m coming down. 
As his men were prepared, he decided to carry the children himself.
However, the moment he got up, Sasha seemed to be able to feel the warmth beside her leave, causing her to curl into a ball. 
Sebastian stopped in his tracks abruptly.
###Chapter 130
Chapter 130
That moment was the coldest period during dawn. If I ignore her, wouldn’t she freeze to death here? 
Frowning, he finally decided to carry her. 
“Hmm…” 
In her sleep, Sasha was no longer her feisty self. Snuggled up in his arms, she was both quiet and submissive, just like an obedient little kitten. 
In fact, when he was carrying her, she seemed to be able to feel the warmth from his body and rubbed her head unconsciously against his chest, as if she was clamoring for his attention. 
Sebastian froze in response as he didn’t want to admit that somehow his heart was stirred by it. 
Damn this woman! 
Why am I feeling this way? 
Am I not supposed to feel angry? Given how big of a prank she pulled today? 
He averted his gaze and carried her into the bedroom. 
Click! 
The moment the light was turned on, all he saw was a dilapidated room with mottled walls and broken furniture. The surroundings simply looked miserable. 
Has she been raising the two children all these years under such circumstances? 
His gaze softened as he recalled that five years ago, she was still a daughter of a rich family and didn’t know how to do anything for herself.
Five years later, she had learned how be independent. 
Sebastian carried her to the bed and wanted to leave after putting her down. 
However, as if she was unwilling to lose the warmth he provided when he let go of his hands, she wrapped her arms around his neck instead. 
“Be good, sweetie. Let Mommy hug you for a while longer.” 
While she murmured in her sleep, she pulled him toward her chest. 
Sebastian’s eyes widened in surprise. 
Before he could react, he stumbled forward and fell onto the bed together with her. Sasha’s soft lips somehow met with his with extreme precision. 
With that, they kissed, giving Sebastian a shock. 
Does she do this when she coaxes the children? 
Does she think I’m one of them now? 
This is ridiculous! 
Sebastian wanted to express his anger, but the soft and moist sensation of her lips felt like a paralyzing poison to him. After getting a taste of it, his mind simply went blank. 
As his heart started to race, he felt as if an electric shock permeated throughout his brain. 
The next second, his breathing grew heavier. 
“Sasha, take a look at who I am,” he asked as his eyes darkened.
Suddenly, he grew a little irritated and stared at her while she was sleeping. 
Sasha furrowed her eyebrows in response. 
As if she could feel the growing anger in her sleep, she mumbled helplessly, “Alright now, don’t be angry. Be a good boy.” 
Her soft and tender lips leaned into him and gave him another kiss. 
Sebastian was shaken as blood rushed toward his head. 
When he saw that she wanted to leave after kissing him, he forcefully pulled her in and hugged her tightly by her slender waist. 
He then squeezed her. 
“It hurts…” 
Suddenly, Sasha could feel the pain from her lips and waist. As her long eyelashes began to flutter, she opened her eyes. 
The moment she opened them, she saw his features right smack in front of her face with their lips locked tightly together. Feeling a buzz in her head, all the drowsiness she previously felt disappeared. 
Good heavens! 
What the hell happened? How did we end up like this? 
Have I been hugging him instead of the children? 
As her eyes widened in shock, she almost fainted on the spot.
“Are you awake now? Do you still want to kiss me?” 
When he saw that she had regained her senses, he finally snapped in his raspy voice while still holding her tightly. 
Sasha’s eyes darted around anxiously. 
“I… I didn’t know it was you. I thought… it was my son…” Panicking, the only thought in her mind was to push him away and flee. 
However, the moment she moved, she felt the hand wrapped around her tighten. 
“Son?” 
Sebastian lifted her chin with his fingers, forcing her to look into his eyes. 
Despite the husky and sexy tone, his voice was still laced with a tinge of danger, just like a wolf eyeing its prey. 
Sasha didn’t dare make another move as she stared at Sebastian with her face flushed red. Her heart raced so furiously that she felt as if it could jump out of her chest anytime. 
Is he not avoiding me? 
Doesn’t he hate me? 
She continued to gawk at him. 
They were in such close proximity that a minute movement would cause their lips to brush against each other. 
Buzz… Buzz! Buzz!
Luckily, Sebastian’s phone suddenly vibrated, easing the tension of the moment. 
As if he was suddenly jolted awake, Sebastian loosened his grip on Sasha’s waist, throwing her onto the bed before he quickly stood up. 
Sasha’s body rolled into her blanket.
###Chapter 131
Chapter 131
After such a massive scare and too tired to bother about anything else, Sasha quickly covered her head with her blanket. 
This is crazy! What have I done! 
Buried underneath her blanket, Sasha was both blushing and in a panic. She felt as if all her energy had been sucked from her to the extent her fingertips were trembling. 
Lowering his gaze at the bundle in front of him, he was intrigued by her reaction. 
However, he didn’t say anything further and left awkwardly. 
The next day. 
When the children woke up, they were surprised to see that Sasha was still asleep. Therefore, she didn’t prepare their breakfast, and neither did she turn on their heater for them. 
Strange, what happened to Mommy? 
Was she exhausted from yesterday? 
Matteo woke up and got himself changed. “I’ll go check on her. Both of you should wait here.” 
After that, he ambled out of the room. 
As expected, when he pushed open the door of the room next door, he saw Sasha sleeping soundly with her blanket over her head. It was rare for her to be oversleeping. 
“Mommy still isn’t up yet.” 
For some reason, Ian had also came out to check.
He was still in his pajamas and walked barefoot on the freezing cold floor as he followed his brother. 
Matteo turned around at once. “Why are you up? Why aren’t you wearing your jacket and socks? You will fall sick easily this way. Quick, go back to your room. 
Concerned about Ian, Matteo quickly dragged him back to the room. 
He knew it was something to be mindful of. 
After all, Ian had lived in a life of luxury where everything was done for him. Unlike Matteo, who had learned how to be independent at a young age growing up with his mommy. 
Therefore, he returned to their room and helped Ian dress properly. 
Looking at how Matteo was helping him, Ian swore to himself that he would quickly learn how to be independent when he got home. 
Once they got dressed, the brothers came out of the room. Meanwhile, Vivian was still asleep inside. 
“Mommy must be exhausted after taking us out for the whole day yesterday. Why don’t we go downstairs and buy breakfast instead, so that Mommy doesn’t need to prepare any? This way, we can let her sleep in. How about that?” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
Ian nodded in agreement. 
After taking some money, both of them walked out hand in hand. 
The place they stayed was in a good locality. The moment they came down, they were already in Old Town where they could find anything they wanted. This was the reason why Sasha chose this place as their home.
Matteo led Ian to a shop selling breakfast. 
“Ian, what do you want to eat?” 
Ian stared at the dirty floor. 
He had never been in such an environment before let alone visit a shop like that. Growing up pampered, it was understandable for him to feel unsettled. 
Sigh! 
Matteo sighed before entering the shop himself. 
“Mr. Jacob, give me three raisin buns, a croissant, and some milk please.” 
“Sure, Matt. I see you’re here alone today. Where’s your mommy and your sister?” 
All the shop owners nearby knew who Matteo was. Whenever they saw this cute kid buying breakfast, they would happily chat with him while serving him food. 
Matteo would usually respond with some small talk. 
A few minutes later, their hands were filled with a large number of items when they left the shop. 
“Let’s head back.” 
“Alright.” Ian nodded in agreement. 
At that moment, a black MPV suddenly drove in from the end of the street. When the driver saw the brothers, he slammed on the accelerator and headed toward them. 
“Mr. Scott?”
Ian’s sharp eyes recognized the vehicle immediately. 
He was right, it was indeed Luke.
###Chapter 132
Chapter 132
“What are both of you doing here so early in the morning? Where’s your mom?” 
When Luke saw the boys, he alighted from his vehicle and asked what was going on. 
It was indeed worrying to see two little kids walking the streets in the freezing morning. 
Matteo explained immediately, “Mr. Scott, Mommy is still sleeping. She was exhausted from last night.” 
Luke was speechless. 
Exhausted from last night? 
What does he mean? Is it what I think it is given how late Mr. Hayes came home last night? 
Luke recalled that the bodyguards had told him in the morning that Sebastian had spent a long time in the building last night. Suddenly, he couldn’t help but blush. 
“I see. So what are you doing downstairs? Buying breakfast?” 
“Yes, we’re buying for Mommy and Vivian.” 
Matteo replied plainly as he beamed at Luke who then parked his MPV by the roadside. 
“Your dad asked me to pick both of you up and send you to school. I’ll go back upstairs with you to inform Mommy about it.” 
Checking his watch, Luke quickly went back up with the boys. 
However, Matteo was exasperated to hear that they were to be sent to preschool. 
“No, Mommy hasn’t woken up and we haven’t told her about it. Besides, Vivian isn’t going so we’re not going too, isn’t that right, Ian?”
He looked toward his brother. 
Ian nodded without hesitation. “Mmm-hmm.” 
Luke was speechless. 
No, I am not in the position to decide. Why are they even venting their anger at me? 
However, just when he was stunned by their response, both brothers held hands and started fleeing with their breakfast. 
“Hey, Kids! Wait up. Don’t run! Let’s discuss this properly.” 
Luke stamped his feet in frustration. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian had just arrived in the office when he heard about the incident. 
He had not slept the whole night. By the time he returned home from the dilapidated rental, it was already daylight. All he had was forty winks before heading back to work. 
When he heard that Luke was unable to pick the children up, his already throbbing head felt like exploding. 
“Why aren’t they willing to come back?” 
“They said that they wanted their sister to come with them.” 
Luke replied with a trembling voice. 
Having heard Luke’s answer, Sebastian’s throbbing headache intensified. “Are they in open rebellion? How dare they go against their own daddy? I haven’t even held them accountable for what they did yesterday.”
When Luke heard Sebastian’s rants, he was at a loss for words. 
It was difficult to be sandwiched in the middle. 
Just as he stood there helplessly, a tiny pair of hands reached out. “Give me the phone.” 
“Huh? Give… you?” 
Luke stared blankly at Ian and hesitated for a long while. 
Finally, when he saw Luke being indecisive, Ian lifted his heels and took the phone from his hands. 
“Daddy, it’s Ian!” 
“So?” 
Sebastian was used to the voice over the phone switching into one belonging to a kid. 
“So, I just want to say that you have not been acting like how a man should.” 
After at least five seconds, Sebastian could hear the grinding of his own teeth, “Not acting like a man?” 
Ian’s voice was cold as usual. “Yes, we came home yesterday.” 
“And?” 
“Mommy was the one who asked us to return.” 
“We wanted to go overseas, but Mommy told us that we shouldn’t make you sad. Then, she brought us back. But Daddy, you… keep acting this way. You can’t compare to Mommy!” Ian explained frankly.
As he seldom had to speak in such length and detail, his explanation came out in bits and pieces, stuttering along the way. 
Nevertheless, he conveyed his feelings as best as he could. 
Sebastian was stunned by his son’s words. 
Just a moment ago, he was ready to launch a tirade at Ian, but suddenly, he became tongue-tied. 
Did Sasha actually bring them back yesterday? 
How is that possible? 
Didn’t she decide against leaving because she was terrified of me? 
Holding his phone, Sebastian couldn’t believe what he just heard. 
Especially the part where the reason she brought them back was so that he wouldn’t be sad. He still had a hard time believing it. 
“Are you trying to coax me into letting your sister go to preschool with you?” 
“Check the surveillance cameras at the airport hotel,” Ian snapped in an emotionless tone before ending the call. 
Luke broke out in a cold sweat after witnessing what had unfolded before him. He was on the brink of dropping to his knees in front of Ian. 
However, after giving it some thought, Ian’s actions did make sense. Against someone like Sebastian, only his son can do something like that to him. After all, only he knows Sebastian’s weakness.
As expected, five minutes after ending the call, Luke received a message on his phone: Bring the girl along.
###Chapter 133
Chapter 133
Tsk! 
Mr. Ian! You’re really something! 
In the end, Vivian got to go to preschool together with her brothers. 
Meanwhile, when the brothers brought Luke back upstairs, Sasha had just woken up and was still in a daze. 
It wasn’t until Vivian had gone with them that she slapped her own head staring at the empty house. “Wait, didn’t I not gather enough money for her school fees? Why is she allowed to go all of a sudden?” 
Sasha didn’t understand what was going on. 
But since Vivian was now allowed to study there, she could use the extra time she had to make more money. 
Just when Sasha turned on her computer to see if there was anyone looking to hire doctors, Solomon called. 
“Nancy, are you alright… after what happened yesterday?” 
“I’m fine,” Sasha replied plainly. 
She now felt that she should keep her distance from him because he had crossed her limit yesterday. 
However, Solomon refused to accept her decision. When he saw that she was willing to take his call, he was a little excited. 
“That’s good. In that case, are you going for the interview today? I’ve already told my friend about it. He says you can just start work right away.”
“It’s alright, I don’t need it. I’ve already found a job at City Hospital.” 
While job searching online, Sasha saw a hospital hiring nurses. To prevent Solomon from bothering her any further, she submitted her resume for the job without giving it any thought. 
Solomon was lost for words. 
City Hospital? 
Solomon was suddenly filled with disappointment. 
With Sasha’s capabilities, it was easy for her to get into a hospital like that. 
Solomon couldn’t help but end the call. 
Why doesn’t she ever listen? Why can’t she just stay by my side? 
Sasha had just sent her resume without thinking much. 
She didn’t actually plan to work there as she still wanted to return to Clear. 
Before she went back, she had decided to find a part-time job to pay for Vivian’s school fees. After that, she started searching through the house. 
“Strange, where is it? Where did it go?” 
After being covered in sweat and having searched through every nook and cranny of both the rooms, she still couldn’t find it. 
Left without a choice, she gave her uncle a call.
“Uncle Jackson, it’s Sasha. I want to ask if you have seen my laptop bag when Matt and Vivi were first sent over there?” 
“Laptop bag? What laptop bag?” 
Over the phone, Jackson didn’t know what she was talking about. 
Sasha could only describe it to him in detail, “It’s a small laptop bag which I used to keep my laptop in. Inside, I have a few USB drives that contain the books that I’ve written before. I have decided to publish one of them.” 
“Oh? Are you finally going to sell your books?” 
Jackson was shocked to hear what she said. 
His reaction was expected because Sasha used to be popular in the literary world. Although her books were highly sought after by publishing houses, she had never sold any of them. 
He remembered that a movie production company wanted to buy over one of her books titled The Tattoo. 
But sadly, she didn’t want to sell it so it was just kept in storage.
###Chapter 134
Chapter 134
However, now that she suggested selling it herself, Jackson wondered if he had heard wrongly. 
“Are you joking?” 
“No, I want to send Vivi to the same school as her brothers. The school fees are very expensive and I’m a little short. That’s why I have decided to sell one of the books,” Sasha explained. 
When Jackson heard the reason, he fumed, “For that little girl? Why? Is her father dead? Why are you paying for it? Oh, so only the two sons are considered his children while his daughter isn’t?” 
“No, he still doesn’t know Vivi is his daughter. Now that he knows about Matteo, he may take him away from me anytime. How then can I allow him to know of Vivi’s existence too?” 
Close to becoming deaf from his roar, Sasha quickly pacified the furious old man. 
Luckily, he calmed down after listening to her explanation. 
“However, do you really need to sell your books? After all, you have treasured them for many years and refused to sell them at any price then. Are you alright to sell them now?” 
“It’s nothing. They’re just books. I can pen new ones after selling them,” Sasha answered while pretending it didn’t matter. 
In truth, she didn’t want to sell her books at all because they weren’t just her thoughts. They were also her memories and her life. 
Jackson finally gave her a few leads. 
Luckily, after being reminded by him, Sasha combed her apartment one more time. Finally, she found her laptop bag inside a luggage bag underneath her bed.
“I have finally found you.” 
Ecstatic, she quickly took out the USB drive and plugged it into the computer. 
She then looked for The Tattoo. 
The book was famous on the internet then. It was about the relationship between a young boy with a serious psychological condition and a girl who found out about his secret. 
The plot was nothing particularly extraordinary. 
However, due to the author’s exquisite style and the strong emotions carried by the female character, the story went rival when it was published online. 
The author was instantly famous for a while. 
Unfortunately, she suddenly disappeared from the eyes of the public. 
After opening the file and reading through her work which she painstakingly completed, she couldn’t help but feel her nose burn. 
Whatever. For Vivian’s school fees, it’s definitely worth it. 
Finally, Sasha logged into her publishing website account that she left dormant for five years and located an old contact. 
She typed: Hi, I’m back. I’ve decided to sell the rights to my book if you’re still interested. 
After she sent the message, she waited because she wasn’t sure if the person was still around given that five years had passed. 
Meanwhile, in the city center at Hayes Corporation.
Luke had spent the whole morning investigating Solomon’s background. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve completed my investigations. That man is indeed the chief legal officer. However, he had another identity and is actually the second-largest shareholder of the same company.” 
He then placed all the documents on Sebastian’s table. 
Sebastian raised an eyebrow. 
“The second-largest shareholder?” 
“That’s right. There are five shareholders in that company. The second-largest shareholder has always been a mysterious presence and never revealed himself. Little did I expect that it actually Solomon George.” 
Luke pointed to the documents on the table. 
It was indeed an unexpected revelation. No one expected a humble-looking lawyer to be the second- largest shareholder of that company. 
Prime Cloud Corporation, was currently one of the fastest-growing companies around. 
Flicking through the documents, Sebastian’s expression darkened. It wasn’t because Solomon was the second-largest shareholder. Instead, he saw something else. 
“Is he also based in Clear?” 
“Correct. But he is from here. After he graduated, he went to Erihal to further his studies. Five years ago, he went to Clear and worked as the chief legal officer for Prime Cloud Corporation.” 
“What a coincidence?” Sebastian remarked in a snide tone.
No matter how one looked at it, Luke realized that the timing was indeed too much of a coincidence. 
Furthermore, his office was close by to Clear Hospital. 
“Continue your investigations. There definitely must be more than meets the eye.” 
Sebastian threw the documents back at Luke. Someone as cold as he was usually had sharp insight. 
Picking up the documents, Luke prepared to leave. 
“Mr. Scott. The hospital just called a moment ago. They said the doctor that Mr. Hayes was looking for has submitted her resume.” 
“What doctor?” 
“Dr. Nancy from Clear.” 
F*ck!
###Chapter 135
Chapter 135
His boss sat before him, glaring angrily at the resume on his computer screen. 
“Oh, before I forget, I need to tell you that one of Solomon’s friends had just opened a clinic. They’re putting out job offerings for doctors right now,” Luke said. 
The tension in the air mounted the moment those words left his lips. 
“Are you threatening me?” 
“N-No! I just think that it’s unreasonable for you to charge them a million for the fees… “ 
“Get out!” 
A pen flew over and hit Luke squarely on his nose. The stinging pain made Luke purse his lips and scurry out of the office with his hands over his face. 
Am I living under a dictatorship or something? 
Meanwhile, Sasha finally received a reply from the editor. 
Isn’t that book already published? They’re going to make it into a TV drama soon. Why are you only asking me about it now? 
Sasha stared at the words on the screen in confusion. 
Huh? It’s already published? 
How could this be? The manuscript is right here! How could it be published already? 
They’re making it into a TV drama already? That editor must have been joking! 
She grimaced and replied: Are you sure? I was the author of ‘The Tattoo’, Iris!
The editor replied in just seconds this time. Yeah, isn’t it called ‘The Tattoo On My Heart’? 
Attached to the message was a picture of the book, and it made Sasha’s eyes widen in shock. 
F*ck! 
Sasha was stunned beyond belief! 
How could this be? 
How could my manuscript be published without my knowledge? 
She put her head in her hands as a million thoughts ran through her mind, and her phone happened to ring at that very moment. 
She picked up her phone and answered the call. “Hello?” 
“Is this Dr. Nancy?” 
“Yes. And you are?” 
“Oh, greetings, Dr. Nancy! We’re from the City Hospital, and we’ve taken a look at your resume. You seem like a good match, so we’re pleased to invite you for an interview.” 
“Huh?” 
Interview? 
Sasha shook her head and recalled the fact that she had sent her resume to the City Hospital. 
“When are you free for the interview, Dr. Nancy? Our head is willing to conduct the interview personally.”
Sasha grinned. This came just at the right time! Looks like God has other plans for me! 
She was not particularly interested in the job, but she decided to take it up anyway for the sake of her daughter. 
She needed money desperately, and the issue with the book would have to wait. 
That afternoon, Sasha made her way to City Hospital for the interview and secured a position as the director of internal medicine department. 
They even gave her an advance of half a year’s worth of pay, which amounted to exactly six hundred thousand. 
Sasha smirked as she checked her bank account balance on her phone. Now he has no reason to kick my daughter out of her preschool! 
The first thing she did upon receiving the money was to call Sebastian. 
“Hello?” 
“Give me your bank account number. I’ll return you the money now,” she said with much confidence. 
Sebastian was silent for a moment as he glanced at the executives seated around the table in the meeting room they were in. 
Without warning, he stood up and left the meeting room without another word. 
The executives could only watch in confusion as the door closed behind him. They were all wondering why the President would be distracted by a random call in the middle of a meeting. 
Two minutes later, the man sank into the sofa in the President’s office with a satisfied smirk on his face.
He put his phone on speaker mode as he strode over to the coffee machine lazily. 
“That’s pretty fast of you. Who did you borrow the money from this time?” 
“I didn’t borrow from anyone! I earned it on my own! By the way, I’m the director of City Hospital’s internal medicine department now! My annual salary is one million!” she boasted. 
She had indeed gone through a lot to reach that height, considering how she had stepped into society with nothing but a high school diploma. 
That was something not everyone could accomplish, and Sebastian could not help but nod in approval.
###Chapter 136
Chapter 136
“Hm, not bad. Are you going to give me all of that?” 
“No way! I can only get an advance for six months! I need money to live too, don’t you know? Just give me your bank account number and I’ll transfer the fee for one semester to you first,” Sasha said, her joy from earlier disappearing into thin air. 
What the hell is he thinking? I can’t give him everything at once? 
He’d be better off rob the banks if he wants so much money at once! He’s such a sly business man! 
Luckily for her, that scumbag was feeling rather generous that day. He sent her his bank account number through text and said, “Oh, remember to pick up the kids later.” 
“Why aren’t you going?” she asked instinctively. 
Sebastian swirled the coffee around in his cup and grinned. “Aren’t you their mother?” 
“Aren’t you their father? Why don’t you go then!” 
“I’m busy!” 
“As though I’m not!” Sasha retorted. “Listen up, Sebastian. now that I have a job, we need to split up the work. I’ll pick them up on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, and you’ll pick them up on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. That’s it. See you.” 
She hung up before he could say anything in protest. 
Seething with anger, Sebastian almost threw his cup of coffee onto the ground. 
Luke watched from afar with a wide grin on his face.
That’s what you get for kicking up a fuss over a million when your net worth is already well over a hundred billion? 
Serves you right, Boss! 
Sasha was not lying when she said that she was busy. 
Just seconds after she ended the call, several doctors had already surrounded her in a tight circle. 
“Dr. Nancy! Are you the legendary doctor from Clear? I must be dreaming!” 
“Welcome to the internal medicine department, Dr. Nancy!” 
“Do you mind if I consult you on this patient’s condition, Dr. Nancy?” 
The doctors were excited to meet their idol, and none of them were going to leave her alone anytime soon. 
Sighing, she had no choice but to stay and talk to them. “Sure. I specialize in TCM, though. I’m not sure what I can bring to the table in terms of Western medicine.” 
“That’s alright! We’re badly in need of TCM practitioners in this hospital anyway.” 
“That’s right, Dr. Nancy! Many of our patients have actually requested TCM treatment, especially the older and the richer ones.” 
“Like the ones in the nursing home?” 
Someone whispered something about a nursing home in the crowd, and everyone fell silent immediately. 
Sasha glanced at the young nurse who said that. Nursing home?
This hospital has a nursing home? 
She smiled at the nurse. “There’s a nursing home here? Does it belong to us?” 
Sasha had learned to be smart when talking to people after going through hell and back in the past five years. Hence, she addressed the hospital and its staff as ‘us’ reignited the enthusiasm amongst the crowd. 
“That’s right. Only the rich ones stay there.” 
“Yeah! By the way, the hospital promised to reward whoever cures them of their ailments handsomely!” 
Sasha’s ears perked up at the sound of that. 
She would be completely broke after transferring her savings and the salary the hospital gave her in advance, and nothing sounded more enticing than the promise of a reward. 
“Oh, really? Can you bring me there tomorrow?” 
“Sure, Dr. Nancy! I’m sure you’ll be able to help them!” 
The doctors and nurses cheered in unison, and it brought a smile to Sasha’s face too. 
Two hours later, the time came to pick the kids up from school. 
Sebastian glanced at his watch and sighed as he got up from his desk and headed towards the carpark. 
“Are you going to pick up the kids from school, Mr. Hayes?” Luke asked as he walked into the office with a huge stack of documents in his arms.
“Yes.” 
“Are you coming back later?” 
Before the incident with Matteo, Sebastian never appeared at the preschool as four-thirty in the afternoon was too inconvenient a time for him to leave his office. Instead, he would send his bodyguards over to pick the kids up. 
However, ever since Matteo’s incident and their reconciliation, Sebastian realized that his kids were not invulnerable to the sketchy plots of others. 
From then on, he took it upon himself to pick up the kids every day, even going as far as using fingerprint recognition to ensure that his kids were safe. 
“Yeah, I’ll be back soon,” Sebastian said, glancing at his watch again. 
Pick up the kids at four-thirty, get home by five-thirty, come back here by six… that stupid woman should be home by then! 
He left the office soon after. 
He was already factoring in Sasha and the kids’ presence in his life whenever he made decisions, but his mind was too occupied to realize that.
###Chapter 137
Chapter 137
When Sebastian arrived at the preschool, the teachers roaming outside the building started greeting him one by one. 
“Good afternoon, Mr. Hayes!” 
“Your kids are waiting inside, Mr. Hayes. I’ll go and get them.” 
After the previous incident, everyone at the preschool learnt who Ian’s father was, and that was why everyone treated him with a kind of fearful respect. 
Sebastian simply glanced at the teachers and strode into the preschool without a word. 
“Daddy! Are you here to pick us up?” 
The moment he entered the building, two identical-looking boys strolled out of the room they had been in while holding hands. 
Beside them was a tiny girl with chubby, pink cheeks, and the sight of her made Sebastian frown. 
The girl was really pretty, almost like a porcelain doll. In particular, her large, shiny eyes and dimples could make anyone fall for her immediately. 
However, Sebastian could not help but wonder if she had taken after her father. 
Is that man really handsome? Is that why she’s so attracted to him? Is that why this little rascal was born? 
What a disgusting woman! 
Sebastian felt as though something was stuck in his throat, making him more and more irritated as time passed.
“What’s wrong, Daddy? Let’s go!” Matteo said, tugging at his hand. 
Sebastian blinked and grabbed his two sons’ hands without hesitation. 
Confused, Matteo and Ian stared at each other while Vivian’s beautiful eyes turned red in an instant. 
Looks like Daddy doesn’t like me… why is he only holding Ian and Matt’s hands? Vivi wants Mommy… 
Vivian pouted and looked around for her mother, and Matteo felt incredibly bad for her. 
He pulled his hand away from Sebastian’s and said, “Daddy, Vivi’s a girl. You need to hold her hand.” 
Sebastian glared at him. “What about both of you?” 
Vivian burst into tears on the spot, and Matteo almost jumped out of his skin in panic. 
He ran over and hugged Vivian tightly. “Don’t cry, Vivi! I’ll hold your hand!” 
Ian met Sebastian’s eyes with his angry gaze. “Daddy! You should hold Vivi’s hand!” 
“You’re my son. I must hold you,” Sebastian replied coldly. 
“She’s a girl!” Ian insisted, his neck turning red from the effort. 
Sebastian fell silent, noticing how a curious crowd was forming around them. 
He grimaced and walked over to Vivian, stretching out his hand reluctantly. “Let’s go.” 
However, Vivian was not going to accept his hand so readily. She leaned against Matteo and sobbed, “Matt, why doesn’t Daddy like me?” 
“That’s not true, Vivi,” Matteo whispered. “Daddy doesn’t know you’re his kid! Let’s not get mad for Mommy’s sake, alright?”
For Mommy’s sake… 
Vivian smiled the moment he said that. 
She followed them out in the end, but she refused to touch or even look at Sebastian even once. 
Half an hour later, at Royal Court One of Frontier Bay… 
“Alright, we’re here. Daddy’s still busy, so run along and go home,” Sebastian said as he pulled into the carpark. 
He alighted from the car and walked over to the backseats, only to be met by a scowling Vivian. 
He tried to reach out and pick her up, only for her to flinch away and leap out of the car without even looking at him. 
Sebastian watched in disappointment as Vivian walked towards the villa while holding hands with Matteo. 
“Matt, when are we going home? Can you call Mommy and ask when she’s coming over?” she asked despite being within earshot of Sebastian. 
Sebastian sighed. Why can’t she just cooperate with me? 
“Mommy will be here after work, Vivi,” Matteo answered. “Don’t worry!” 
“Okay… “ Vivian said with tears in her eyes before walking into the villa, ignoring Sebastian completely. 
Sebastian grimaced in regret.
The truth was, he had been watching the little girl in secret, and he noticed how she would toss him curious glances every so often despite being fearful of him. It was just like how a timid rabbit would peer at the big bad wolf from a bush. 
He could see the joy on her face whenever he made eye contact with her, as though being able to meet his eyes was the best thing that could ever happen to her. 
However, that did not seem to be the case any longer.
###Chapter 138
Chapter 138
Sebastian called Sasha after dropping the kids off at the villa to tell her to return immediately, and it made her panic for a moment. 
When she burst into the villa through the front door, Vivian immediately threw herself into her embrace with tears streaming down her face. 
“Mommy! Can we go home? I don’t want to stay here anymore… “ 
Vivian tugged on her sleeve and tried to drag her outside, as though she did not want to stay in the villa for a second longer. 
Sasha stared at her in confusion. 
What the hell happened here? I thought she loved this place! 
She moved her gaze to her two sons. “What happened to Vivi?” 
The two little boys exchanged looks in silence and looked down sheepishly. 
After a few seconds of silence, Ian spoke up first. “It’s an issue with Daddy. Sorry, Mommy, I’ll talk to him.” 
He spoke very little as always, but it was enough for Sasha to understand what he meant. 
She looked at the sobbing girl in her embrace and almost winced at how pitiful she looked. 
It’s all my fault… 
Maybe I shouldn’t have been so selfish? She had the right to let her father know that they’re related… 
Why am I making her suffer like this?
She picked up her daughter in her arms and wiped her tears away gently. “There, there, Vivi. Daddy doesn’t know that you’re one of his precious babies too. Mommy will tell Daddy about it soon, okay?” 
“Really?” Vivian asked, calming down immediately. 
Matteo and Ian stared at her in disbelief. “Mommy… are you sure you’re going to tell Daddy about it? What about you?” 
“It’s fine. I’ll be happy as long as you’re happy,” Sasha said, stroking her sons’ heads lovingly. 
Sebastian knows that Matteo and Ian are his sons and he’s fine with it. It’s not like he’s stopping me from seeing them… 
There’s no reason for me to keep the truth about Vivian from him! 
The kids cheered in unison, and Vivian’s smile was as bright as the sun. 
“Mommy, I’ll go and take a bath now and put on something pretty to meet Daddy later!” 
“Alright. Let’s go, darling.” 
“Yeah!” 
Matteo and Ian hopped after Sasha as she brought Vivian to the dressing room. 
Unfortunately for them, Sebastian was held up by a few urgent matters in the company, and he only returned at around eleven o’clock at night when the kids were already sound asleep. 
Sebastian walked up the stairs, only to notice that the light in the bedroom at the furthest end of the corridor was still on. When he approached it, the door flew open to reveal a very excited Sasha. “You’re back?”
The soft orange light from the room spilled into the pitch dark corridor, as though someone had set it on fire lighting the cold winter days. 
Sebastian froze as Sasha approached him slowly. 
“The kids were waiting for you, but you came back pretty late… they’re asleep now,” Sasha stammered nervously. 
She was well prepared for this moment, but her hands still turned clammy the moment he appeared before her. 
Should I tell him? 
Should I tell him now? 
I’ve already made my promise… I should just do it! 
As she debated with herself, she could feel her heart thumping against her chest wildly. 
Sebastian stared at her in confusion. 
He was used to living in constant solitude and silence, even after his sons came to live with him. 
The last thing he expected was to see someone leaving the light on for him when he got home. 
His usual coldness left him in an instant, and all that was left in his gaze was a tenderness that was never seen before. 
“I got held up by some urgent matters at the office. Tell them not to wait for me next time.” 
“Alright… and you… “
“And you too.” 
Sasha froze, unable to believe what she had just heard. 
Realization hit her like a truck the very next second, and she could only stare at him with her mouth agape, her prepared speech long forgotten.
###Chapter 139
Chapter 139
Did… did I hear that right? 
Did he just say ‘you too’? 
She could not believe her ears, but she was sure that she was not dreaming. 
By the time she found her bearings again, the man had already turned around with a slight grimace on his face. 
She watched as he walked up the stairs in silence. 
She trembled as something deep within her chest split open and started oozing a thick liquid onto her insides. 
Why can’t I get this right? 
She rushed back into her room and buried herself in her sheets as her heart thumped against her chest. 
I’ll tell him about Vivian tomorrow, I guess… 
The next day… 
Vivian was the first to wake up amongst the three kids because of her excitement. 
Still clad in her pink bunny pajamas, she waddled out of her room with her messy bed hair to look for Sasha. 
Wait… where’s Mommy? 
She rubbed her eyes as she stood before the tightly closed door to her mother’s bedroom.
Creak… creak… 
Suddenly, someone descended the stairs, and Vivian whipped around to see who it was. 
It’s Daddy! 
She stood rooted to the ground while gripping her mermaid plushie tightly. 
Sebastian watched her closely in silence. 
He had an early meeting that day, and he was not expecting to see a little girl blocking his way so early in the morning. 
He glanced at her again and noticed how there was still a hint of fear in her eyes, though she did not flinch away when he came close. 
She simply stood before him while staring at him hesitantly. 
“Your mommy is still asleep?” he asked gently as he met her eyes. 
Vivian hugged her plushie close and murmured, “Yeah… “ 
“Go back to your brother’s room. It’s cold outside,” he said. “Your mommy will be up soon.” 
The scene from the night before resurfaced in Sebastian’s mind, and he could not help but purse his lips in slight embarrassment. 
Luckily for him, the little girl was pretty obedient. Holding her plushie to her chest, she headed towards Matteo’s room, shooting him a final glance just before disappearing behind the door. 
Huh, she’s pretty cute.
Sebastian grinned as he walked towards the door. Maybe I should treat her better from now on. 
Her dad’s dead, and I’ll just take this as an act of charity. 
After Sebastian left, Sasha finally rose from her slumber and got ready to send the kids to school. “Let’s go, kids! Mommy has to go to work after this!” 
“Work? Where are you going, Mommy?” Matteo asked as Sasha set him down on the car seat. 
“Mommy found a job in a hospital, so I’ll have to go to work everyday from now onwards,” Sasha explained. “Be a good kid, alright?” 
The boys fell silent while Vivian raised her chubby hands and gave her mother a round of applause. “Mommy, you’re the best!” 
“Thank you, sweetie! Give me a kiss?” Sasha said with a smile. 
Mother and daughter shared a resounding kiss, and the two boys sighed out loud to express their disapproval. 
After she dropped off the kids at their preschool, Sasha made a quick escape and headed towards the hospital. 
Matteo looked over his shoulder and dragged Ian to a corner to discuss the sudden new developments. “Why is Mommy working in a hospital? Isn’t she supposed to be working at Daddy’s company?” 
“I don’t know,” Ian said, shrugging. 
Matteo frowned. “Something smells fishy here. Didn’t Mommy have four hundred thousand when we came back? She doesn’t need to earn more money just to feed and clothe us.”
Ian was a little taken aback by the fact that Matteo knew just how much Sasha had in her bank account. He frowned a little and asked, “Shall we investigate?” 
“Sure. Can you dig a little deeper into that hospital’s background? If things don’t look good, I’ll go and take a closer look myself,” Matteo said, handing the tablet in his bag to his brother.
###Chapter 140
Chapter 140
What can we do? 
It’s up to us to protect our foolish Mommy! 
The two brothers got to work immediately, while Vivian served as their sentinel, glancing at them occasionally out of curiosity. 
They were a perfect team, and Sasha knew nothing about it. 
She lost herself in her work the moment she arrived. 
“Dr. Nancy, can you take a look at our patients?” a nurse asked, handing over a file to her. 
“Sure,” she answered. 
Everyone in the hospital treated her well, despite her being new. Her reputation was nothing to laugh at, after all. 
Sasha knew that, and she reciprocated their kindness gratefully. 
“Hm, everything looks fine. What’s the deal with the nursing home, though?” she asked, pointing at a few patients’ names that had special symbols next to them. 
“They’re patients currently staying in our nursing home for recovery purposes, and they’re under the internal medicine department’s care as well,” the nurse that handed the documents to her answered. 
Sasha nodded. Wow… they even have a fully-furnished nursing home. 
She flipped through the pages absentmindedly and put the file aside.
Suddenly, the nurse turned to her and said, “Would you like to go take a look at them? They’re under conservative therapy right now as the methods used by our hospital weren’t able to cure them of their ailments, and your TCM methods might be a breakthrough.” 
“Hm?” Sasha hummed, hesitating for a moment. 
Some TCM methods were indeed more effective than western medicine, but she figured that it would not be appropriate for a newbie like her to go straight to the nursing home. 
She opened her mouth to turn down the offer, but the nurse was not going to give up so easily. “Dr. Nancy, they have been staying there for a long time. They’ll be eternally grateful to you if you could help them.” 
Sasha fell silent. 
She did not need recognition or fame, but she needed to stay true to her duty of saving lives. 
On top of that, she remembered the vow she made years back before she became a doctor. Hence, there was no way she would turn them down. 
She gave in in the end and followed the nurse to the nursing home. 
Meanwhile, at the Hayes Corporation… 
“Mr. Hayes, the nursing home just informed us that Ms. Wand has gone over.” 
“What? She went over?” 
Sebastian looked up from his computer screen with a start to glare at Luke.
Luke nodded. “Yeah, she went there in a vehicle belonging to City Hospital. Old Mr. Hayes is there, so… “ 
Sebastian fell silent. 
Luke was a little confused by Sebastian’s behavior. Strange… he’s never gone silent for so long before… 
They stared at each other in an uncomfortable silence. 
The news came suddenly, but Luke did not expect his boss to be so shocked by it. Couldn’t he have just asked someone to move Old Mr. Hayes away? Why is he just sitting there like a statue? 
All our plans will be ruined if Old Mr. Hayes met her! We’re so close to settling the matters with her identity! 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
“Stop her and make sure she doesn’t see him,” Sebastian said, the cold expression on his face sent a shiver down Luke’s spine. 
However, he decided not to question Sebastian’s decision. He simply nodded and ran off to inform the relevant personnel.
###Chapter 141
Chapter 141
Sasha arrived at the nursing home while wondering if the nurse came here often, considering her familiarity with the place. 
The moment they alighted from the van, the nurse led her to the innermost building, much to her confusion. “Let’s go there first, Dr. Nancy.” 
“Hm? What about the ones outside?” Sasha asked, glancing at the buildings near them in bewilderment. 
The nurse seemed to panic a little as she explained, “Dr. Nancy, the ones staying in the innermost buildings are the most serious cases. I think you should take a look at them first.” 
“Alright then,” Sasha said as she decided not to probe further. 
However, she noticed how different the building looked from the others. 
Besides being impeccably clean, the furniture there was visibly more luxurious, and the employees there seemed well trained and responsible. 
Huh, this place looks pretty unique! 
She walked into the first ward to check on the patient staying inside, but stopped abruptly when she noticed the nurse that had led her to the nursing home slipping away discreetly. 
“What are you doing, Ms. Sullivan?” she asked. 
“Huh? Oh… nothing much… I’m just checking on the other patients!” the nurse said, hurrying back into the room. 
Sasha glanced at her again, but she did not say anything else.
The two of them got to work, and they finished visiting every ward after about an hour. Sasha cleared up the documents in her hands and got up to go to another building. 
However, the nurse started acting strange the moment they exited the building. She kept fidgeting and looking back, as though she did not want to leave it. 
What’s going on? 
“Hey, Ms. Sullivan? Is everything alright?” Sasha asked. 
“Huh?” the nurse exclaimed, whipping her head around to meet her eyes. She shook her head and answered, “I’m fine. I’m just a little tired.” 
She’s just a little tired? 
“Alright then,” Sasha said, taking the documents the nurse had been holding on to. “Go back and take a break. I’ll take over from here.” 
“Thank you, Dr. Nancy,” the nurse said before disappearing out of the front entrance. 
Sighing, Sasha had no choice but to get to work. She spent another hour going through the wards and checking on the patients while carrying her equipment and documents along. 
When she was done, several employees at the nursing home rushed over immediately. “Thank you, Dr. Nancy. Can I get you a cup of tea?” 
“I’m alright. Thanks for the offer,” Sasha said, glancing at her watch. “I have other matters to attend to.” 
“Alright then. See you, Dr. Nancy!” the employees chorused as they watched her exit the nursing home. 
The winter skies were bleak and grey, and Sasha wondered if a snowstorm was on its way. When she exited the building, she could not help but shiver violently as the cold wind cut across her skin.
“Hm? Where’s the van?” she muttered to herself as she stared at the empty driveway in confusion. 
Suddenly, a white van screeched to a halt in front of the entrance, almost making Sasha jump out of her skin in shock. 
Before she could react, an old, frail man with a walking stick alighted from the van and met her eyes. 
It was as though time had come to a stop as they stared at each other in disbelief and shock. 
Why is he here? 
Is this a coincidence? 
Sasha felt as though her head had been split open by a lightning strike, and panic was the only thing left in her mind. 
Frederick was no better, but he was more shocked than panicked. 
He just couldn’t believe what he saw. 
He continued to stare at her with wide eyes as his hands began to tremble. 
“S-Sasha?” 
Sasha did not answer. Instead, she began to shuffle away at top speed. 
Frederick called after her and stumbled forward on his walking stick. “Sasha! Wait!” 
“Mr. Hayes, please watch your step!” 
“Tell her to come back! Can’t you tell? She’s my daughter-in-law!” the old man shouted as a tear escaped his eyes.
Sasha could hear his cries from afar, and she slowed to a halt immediately. 
Why am I running? 
I’ll have to face him sooner or later. He needs to know that I’m still alive, after all. 
I can’t just hide from him forever! 
She turned around to face the old man, who hobbled over to her as quickly as his trembling legs would allow.
###Chapter 142
Chapter 142
“I’m sorry, Frederick!” 
With that, Sasha started crying. 
Frederick slowed to a halt and stared at her while panting heavily, his eyes turning red immediately. 
“You… you’re still alive? Why didn’t you… why didn’t you tell me? Don’t you know how depressed I was for the past few years?” he asked, his voice shaking uncontrollably. 
As onlookers watched in much shock and disbelief, Frederick began to sob like a child, despite being over seventy years old. 
Sasha’s fingers dug into her palms painfully. 
She looked up to meet his eyes pleadingly. “Yes, Frederick, it’s all my fault. Please don’t be too hard on yourself.” 
She offered him her hands, as though she was waiting for him to punish her. 
Frederick simply stared at her wordlessly, the lump in his throat making it hard for him to say anything. 
It reminded him of the older times, where she would stand before him and let him scold her as he wished whenever she made a mistake. 
He used to be decisive in his punishments, but as he stared at his long-lost daughter-in-law crying before him, he found himself hesitating. 
He let his tears flow freely as he struggled to find words to expressed just how relieved he was to see her again.
A few minutes later, a nursing home employee appeared by his side and helped him into the building as Sasha followed them in silence. 
She had spent countless hours pondering over what she should say in the event she met him, and she had been sure that a simple apology would be sufficient. 
A lot of time had passed since then, and now she had kids to inform him about. 
I’m going to tell Sebastian that he has a daughter too. Maybe I should just come clean with Frederick too? 
“When did you come back? Where have you been the past few years? How were things there?” Frederick asked after he had a sip of tea to sooth his emotions. 
Sasha looked up with a start. “I’ve been back for a while, Frederick. I thought you knew everything?” 
“Of course I didn’t! I just found out five minutes ago that you’re still alive! How am I supposed to know where you went or when you came back?” Frederick exclaimed. 
Sasha fell silent. 
He didn’t know about my return? 
Didn’t Sebastian bring me back just to meet him? Why doesn’t he know anything? 
Something smelled fishy to Sasha, and Frederick’s bewildered expression resurfaced in her mind all of a sudden. 
He looked like he really didn’t know that I am alive… 
What did he say? ‘You’re still alive?’
Did that guy hide the truth from his own father? 
Why would he do that? 
Just… why? 
Her heart sank further into her stomach the more she thought about it. 
“What’s wrong, Sasha? You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to,” Frederick said with a wave of his hand upon noticing how uncomfortable she looked. 
However, he froze when Sasha’s made eye contact with him all of a sudden. 
“Frederick… Sebastian brought me back.” 
“What? Sebastian?” 
“Yeah. He found me in Clear, and he told me that he’s going to bring me back to meet you. Didn’t he tell you that, Frederick?” 
Her voice grew softer as she spoke, and Frederick could only stare at her in disbelief. 
He was indeed kept in the dark by Sebastian, but something seemed off about Sasha, and he decided to tell a white lie. “He did tell me, but I didn’t take him seriously… “ 
“Stop lying, Frederick. You always look to the left and clench your fists whenever you do that. Why didn’t he tell you?” 
Frederick fell silent.
His speculation as Sebastian’s father was that his son wanted to cut off all the ties Sasha had with the Hayes family before he knew of her return. 
“Everything’s alright, Sasha. I’ll protect you no matter what happens,” Frederick said gently. 
“Haha!” 
Much to his surprise, Sasha threw her head back and started to chuckle.
###Chapter 143
Chapter 143
“Frederick, you have misunderstood. I didn’t mean that. I’m just a little surprised that he didn’t tell you about it. But it’s fine. It’s the same now that we saw it. Have some tea.” 
Smilingly, Sasha served a cup of freshly brewed tea for the old man like nothing happened. 
Frederick was a little startled. 
Is she really alright? Did I misread her looks just now? 
He wanted to find clues from her expression. However, it seemed like she was fine when she was calmly serving him the brewed tea. 
Well, I guess that’s for the best. 
He finally stopped wondering about it. When he took over the tea, he asked in a more relaxed tone, “Alright. Since you came back, when are you planning to go home?” He still regarded Hayes Residence as her home. 
Sasha lowered her gaze at the mists forming out of the teapot and smiled. “Maybe in two days. I’m thinking of bringing your grandson over.” 
“Grandson?” The old man was suddenly excited. “You mean…” 
“Yes, we both survived. He hasn’t met you yet, but I believe he would be thrilled to see you.” 
Sasha looked at her father smilingly and spoke with a calm tone as if she was talking about everyday life. 
How is it common to suddenly have another grandson? 
Frederick was astonished.
His hands were trembling slightly, and he teared up at once. He tried to say something but only ended up with trembling lips. 
I have another grandson… 
Sasha only looked at him quietly. After a while, she felt that it was time for her to go, so she put down the teacup she was holding. 
“Frederick, if there is nothing else, I’m leaving now.” 
“Huh? Where are you going?” 
“I found a job at the hospital, and I still have to get back to work. Don’t worry. I’ll bring the kid over as soon as possible.” 
Sasha stood up and reassured him. Then, he only felt relieved. 
Sasha left the nursing home. 
A few minutes later, Luke finally got a phone call after waiting anxiously at Hayes Corporation. 
“Mr. Scott, Ms. Wand has left.” 
“She-she left?” Luke’s words stuck at his throat. “Did she say anything or act weirdly?” 
“No, she only remained calm. She did appear to be panicking and shocked when she saw Old Mr. Hayes, but she looked fine after they entered the room,” reported the bodyguard. 
Nothing happened? 
Luke couldn’t quite believe it.
However, despite his further questions, the bodyguard affirmed that Sasha did not show any abnormalities and even told him that she went back to work as usual. 
Could it be that we took this matter too seriously? 
Although he hesitated, Luke still went to his boss’ office in the end. 
“Mr. Hayes, I was told that she has left, and she seemed to be fine. So everything went well.” 
Sebastian didn’t respond. 
He had been waiting for a long time in his bright and clean office. 
He was still seated in front of his large office desk, and he looked like he was going through the files with his slender fingers. Still, the atmosphere felt rather intense. 
Moreover, there was an occasional crackling of fire sparks. 
It was from a lit cigarette that was not smoked at that time, but a couple of cigarette butts could be found in the ashtray. 
Chills ran down Luke’s spine when he saw this. 
“What do you mean?” 
“I-I mean, Ms. Wand wasn’t angered, but she-she seemed to react indifferently toward this matter.” Trembling, Luke explained quietly. 
Hearing that, the man abruptly closed the file and took a deep breath subconsciously. 
What a relief!
However, he got confused the next second. 
“Why did she react indifferently?” 
“Huh?” Luke felt exasperated by the man’s question. 
What do you mean why? Do you want her to go crazy instead? Is this guy masochistic? 
“But, Mr. Hayes, isn’t it better for her to stay calm instead? Nothing will happen that way.” 
“What do you know? That means she doesn’t care!” 
“Yeah, she doesn’t,” added Luke simply. 
Then, he realized that there was dead silence in the office, and it was more frightening than before. 
Good grief! What is wrong with this guy? 
Luke felt that his boss was becoming more unpredictable like a woman in menopause.
###Chapter 144
Chapter 144
Fortunately, things died down when the hospital brought news that Sasha continued working as usual, and there was nothing to worry about anymore. 
Hence, the president resumed his work. 
Two hours later, preschool was about to end. 
Before meeting a client, Sebastian told Luke that it was Sasha’s turn to pick the kids up. Thus, Luke called her to remind her about it. 
“Ma’am, can you pick the kids up today, please? Mr. Hayes is meeting a client.” 
“Alright, I’m on my way,” she agreed faintly. 
He smiled in relief after hearing her calm tone. After chatting for a bit, he hung up and got back to work. 
Since it’s the mother who’s picking the kids up, there’s nothing for me to worry about. 
Yet that night, Sebastian didn’t see his children as expected even after getting off work, let alone the woman. 
“What’s wrong? Why aren’t they back yet?” 
“Huh? Didn’t Ms. Wand call you about the children staying the night with her? Didn’t you know about it, Mr. Hayes?” The confused Wendy hurriedly explained the situation. 
Did she? 
Sebastian took out his phone, but neither did he see any missed calls nor a single text message. 
Then, why did she say that? What is she up to?
The man was finally angered. Since it was already late and cold outside, he immediately dialed Sasha’s number with a solemn expression. 
“The number you have dialed is unavailable.” The robotic voice traveled through the phone. 
Beep! 
What? 
He stared at his cell phone in unbelief and immediately redialed the number. 
But what made him blow his top was the same recorded message from the phone. 
This woman must have a death wish! 
He finally lost his patience. Hanging up fiercely, he grabbed his keys and headed out again in a murderous manner. 
“Mr. Hayes? Where are you going, sir?” 
“I’m going to kill her!” 
Amidst the cold night, the voice of the man gnashing his teeth in the dark actually sounded a little funny. 
He looked like an entirely different person from the one working in the company. During the day, he had a frosty attitude, and he would control himself even though he was scolding someone. 
But now, he had utterly lost his temper, especially when he said the word “kill” through gritted teeth. 
Wendy leaned against the door and sighed, “These two…”
— 
Sebastian drove speedily because he was angry and worried about the children. It only took him less than thirty minutes to reach Old Town from Frontier Bay. 
Soon, he found the building that Sasha was staying in. 
However, he realized that it was pitch black upstairs when he arrived. 
Are they asleep? 
After he got out of the car and slammed the door shut, he became puzzled. 
Nevertheless, he was a pragmatic person. Since he already got here, he ignored his thoughts and strode upstairs. 
A few minutes later, he reached the familiar entrance of the rental house. 
“Sasha…” 
“Young man, who are you looking for? The family has moved away. Don’t come here anymore.” 
A lady coincidentally came down from upstairs. When she saw Sebastian standing in the dark and knocking on the door, she raised her flashlight at him and reminded him. 
Sebastian was shocked. “Moved away? How is this possible?” 
The lady replied, “Why not? I just helped with her suitcase this evening. Everyone knows about her and her three children. So why do I have to lie to you?” 
Sebastian fell silent.
After hearing that, the man who rushed there in the dark only stared at the door lock quietly with his ears ringing. 
She’s right. If someone is in there, why is this old-fashioned lock hanging outside? 
So the reason why this woman didn’t answer was that she ran away with my two children? 
The tall figure was flummoxed and thunderstruck. His pupils constricted, and he went berserk. 
The next second, he furiously kicked open the door with a loud bang! 
Sure enough, it was empty. 
When he came over the other night, there were still many s inside, such as the small electric stove, the small but neat couch, and the tiny table he used to eat noodles with… 
Now, everything was gone just like that, and the house was deserted and lifeless only in a few hours. 
After only a few hours, the house was deserted and lifeless. 
His eyes slowly turned bloodshot in a fury. 
“Sasha Wand!”
###Chapter 145
Chapter 145
When Luke had received the phone call, he had just taken a shower and got into bed. 
After hearing the news, he abruptly sat up in shock. “Are you kidding? Ms. Wand ran away with the children? How is this possible?” 
“Do you think I’m kidding right now, Mr. Scott? Hurry up and find them at the airports, stations, piers, everywhere. Just look carefully for every place that departs from Avenport! Mr. Hayes is going nuts!” 
A bodyguard called Luke and told him about everything that had happened. 
Luke was dumbstruck. 
Did she really run away? Good grief, what is that crazy woman doing? Does she have to be so dramatic? 
He didn’t dare to stay in bed anymore and immediately got off his bed to work. 
However, what disappointed them the most that night was that they couldn’t find Sasha and the children, notwithstanding all hands on deck from Hayes Corporation. 
Despite searching at the airports, harbors, train stations, and even the highways, there was no trace of the missing mother and her children. 
Furthermore, the people who searched within the city couldn’t find them either. 
Why? Did she just vanish into thin air? 
In the meantime, Sebastian was waiting at the Blackwood family. After waiting until midnight and still no news of them, he got up and immediately strangled Jackson.
“I will give you three more seconds. If you don’t tell me where they are, I will kill you right now!” He glared at Jackson murderously. 
If Jackson still didn’t speak up at that point, he would definitely be strangled to death. 
Regardless of that, Jackson was fearless before Sebastian’s threats and scolded instead, “Kill me if you can! Let me tell you something, Sebastian. Even if I knew where she’s at right now, I wouldn’t tell you either, you bas*ard!” 
Crack! 
“Stop it!” Luckily, Sharon was there, and she rushed over to stop Sebastian instantly. 
“Sebastian, please calm down first. We know nothing about her disappearance nor your history with her! Ever since she was injured and stayed with you, she sounded cheery whenever she contacted us. How would we know that she would suddenly take off with the kids?” 
Sebastian fell silent, and his pursed lips became paler. 
Sharon continued, “Tell us what’s going on between you two so that we can look at it together. What do you think?” She tried to let him explain the cause of this incident. 
Sebastian sneered silently. Hmph! Do you think I would tell you? 
Never! 
Besides, I already knew the reason behind all these. It was because of what happened this afternoon! 
At first, I thought she wasn’t mad, but she was actually pretending to be okay before delivering the fatal blow. 
What a ruthless woman!
She completely disappeared in only a few hours, and I couldn’t find her even if I searched through the entire city. So what is this? She actually vanished into thin air and would never return? 
At that moment, when he remembered what happened five years ago, he was deep in his thoughts. I’ve been through a lot all these years, but I’ve never felt this powerless before. 
This is driving me crazy! I can’t even fight it! 
“Sebastian?” 
Sebastian was lost in thought. 
“Mr. Hayes, I might have an idea of where she went.” 
Suddenly, someone entered at that moment. 
When Sharon turned to look, her expression changed drastically. “Xenia? Why are you here? Who asked you to come?” 
It was Xenia Blackwood, their daughter. 
Nonetheless, Xenia ignored her mother and walked directly toward Sebastian. 
“Mr. Hayes, my cousin was not an ordinary lady. When she faked her death that year, she managed to pay off my mother’s massive amount of debt. She’s incredible.” 
“Xenia, what on earth are you blathering about? Shut up right now!” 
“Am I wrong? Didn’t she give you a lot of money back then? Don’t worry. I won’t reveal her sponsor’s name. I only want Mr. Hayes to find his son. After all, it’s his blood, and he couldn’t be with other…”
Smack! 
Without waiting for her to finish, the enraged Sharon stood up and slapped her daughter fiercely. 
She is an embarrassment to the Blackwood family! 
The chaotic living room became quiet once more. 
But this time, because of Sharon’s words, the atmosphere grew more dangerous with every kind of terror, and even looking at it felt horrifying. 
“Sebastian, don’t listen to her. She’s just a girl, and…” 
“Go on!”
###Chapter 146
Chapter 146
What a terrifying voice! 
He didn’t look too angry, but there was a sinister look of impending danger in his eyes as if he was a devil from hell. 
Xenia could not help trembling at that. 
“We-we didn’t know how she got that five million for us in one night when she went overseas, and she was still with two children…” 
Ouch! 
After hearing this, Sebastian was stabbed in the heart when he least expected it to happen. 
His growing hatred and disgust made him tore off the armrest of the chair beside him on the spot! 
“Aahhhhh—!” Xenia screamed with horror at the scene. She immediately hugged herself tightly and squatted on the floor. 
This is way too horrifying! 
Sharon was also shocked and scared. 
She quickly rushed over to protect his husband. When she wanted to persuade Sebastian, the man suddenly laughed. 
Sponsor? Five million? Great, just great. I thought how high and mighty she was, but she doesn’t even have a million and had to work at the hospital and withdraw half a year’s salary in advance. 
So she lied to me and had sold herself off to another man even with two children with her? Sasha, what a b*tch you are!
The man went nuts. He shot a murderous look, loosened his grip on Jackson, and left. 
“Sebastian, where are you going? Don’t be reckless! Xenia was just talking nonsense…” Sasha immediately ran after him and tried to stop him. 
Nevertheless, the man left speedily. When she reached the entrance, she had already seen him getting in his car and disappeared from her sight in no time. 
Sharon was left speechless. 
Xenia saw it too, and she stood up and jeered, “Mom, don’t waste your energy. Sasha deserved it all along. She should’ve learned her lesson long ago.” 
When Sharon heard it, she smacked her again. 
“Do you think you could snatch away her position if you got rid of her? Let me tell you this. Sebastian wouldn’t even want you if every woman in the world died!” 
No one would’ve imagined that Sharon would rub this in her daughter’s face, and Xenia was extremely dumbstruck. 
As if someone rubbed salt in her wounds, her face turned pale instantly. 
“What did you say? You’d better shut your mouth, Sharon Goldstein!” 
She screamed angrily in embarrassment and wanted to cover her mother’s mouth at once. 
That was my secret that I’ve hidden for almost twenty years! Heaven knows it was exposed by my idiotic mother just now… 
Sasha could leave Avenport without a trace was because of someone’s help indeed.
However, this person was not her sponsor, let alone the twisted relationship that Jackson assumed. 
They were merely business partners. 
“Ms. Nancy! I didn’t expect you to call me first! How’s it going? Did you have a pleasant flight?” 
As soon as the helicopter landed on the Erihalian territory, the tall and handsome blond man walked over and welcomed her with open arms when he saw her. 
She smiled and received his hug without resisting it. 
“It was lovely. Thank you so much, Mr. Leonard.” 
“You don’t have to thank me. It’s my honor to serve you, Ms. Nancy. But since when do you have another child?” He suddenly looked at the children behind her. 
Ian, who hadn’t spoken since getting on the helicopter, suddenly frowned when he saw the man staring at him because he hated this man. 
“No, Mr. Leonard. This is my brother, Ian. I have another brother now!” 
Vivian suddenly spoke. When she saw Raymond asking about Ian, she replied while enjoying her fried chicken drumsticks. 
Raymond was charmed by the adorable little girl. 
He already knew Vivian and Matteo. When he was in Clear, he went to visit Sasha and even brought them gifts. 
When he heard that Ian was Vivian’s new brother, the blond man walked toward her. “Oh, really? Vivi has another brother now?”
Vivian nodded. “Yeah, Daddy hid him away. He was born together with us.” 
Raymond was dumbfounded. 
Daddy? 
He carried the girl in his arms and looked at Sasha. “Ms. Nancy, didn’t you say that he was dead?” 
Sasha became awkward. 
“…It was fake. Erm, let’s not talk about it now. The kids didn’t sleep well nor eat anything last night. Shall we go to the hotel first?” She changed the topic.
###Chapter 147
Chapter 147
Raymond quickly agreed, but he disapproved of the idea of them staying in a hotel. 
“Of course! But how can you stay at a hotel when you came all the way here? You’re welcome to stay at my manor. I’ll take you guys there. Let’s go!” 
Then, the blond man carried Vivian in one hand, pulled Sasha’s luggage in another, and headed to the parking lot. 
Ian didn’t look very happy. 
Seeing this, Matteo immediately held Ian’s hand. “Mr. Leonard is just a business associate of Mommy’s. Don’t worry. Mommy won’t be with him.” 
“Really?” 
After hearing that, Ian finally looked at his brother feeling a little uneasy. 
Matteo immediately assured him. “It’s true. Mr. Leonard is a nobleman. Although he’s single, his family would not allow him to marry a commoner. Besides, Mommy has her hands full with little troublemakers like us.” 
The little kid actually mocked himself as a troublemaker. 
Hearing this, Ian was finally relieved. 
However, when he thought of the current situation, he felt a little frustrated again. “Then, what about Daddy? Mommy really doesn’t want him anymore?” 
“Don’t you talk about him anymore! Honestly, Ian. Mommy and I already gave him lots of chances before. But look at what he did? Do you have any idea how Mommy came back yesterday?”
When Matteo brought this up, his tiny fists tightened with incipient tears swelling in his eyes. 
Indeed, after the incident yesterday, Sasha only remained calm in front of them. 
However, no one knew about the slap she gave herself when she got into the car after coming out of the nursing home. She even had to stop the car and got out to vomit on the way home. 
No one knew, except Matteo, who had always placed a tracker on his mother. 
He didn’t understand why she threw up, but he heard her painful, suffering voice when she was vomiting. 
In the end, she moaned and wailed bitterly. 
Matteo would never forget about it. 
Ian finally fell silent. 
He lowered his head and pinched his robot with his tiny, pale fingers without saying another word. 
When Matteo saw it, he was at a loss for words. He only held his brother’s hand and followed after their mother. 
Twenty minutes later. 
When the mother and children drove by the lane filled with sycamore trees on both sides, a magnificent and luxurious Erihalian manor appeared before them. Their eyes lit up at the gorgeous sight. 
“Is this your house, Mr. Leonard?” 
The sweet Vivian asked excitedly when she saw such a magnificent-looking manor.
Raymond nodded. “Yeah. Do you like it, Vivi?” 
“Yeah, I like it. It’s bigger and prettier than Daddy’s house.” She mentioned her father once again and even compared it to his house at Frontier Bay. 
Ian couldn’t hold it in anymore. 
“No! My house is bigger and prettier!” 
Since the little guy wasn’t good with words and was highly aggrieved, he burst out these few words. 
When Sasha heard it, she sensed her eldest son’s temper and immediately turned her head. “Little Ian, don’t be angry with Vivi. She’s still young. And that’s right! My sweetie’s house is the biggest.” 
She reached out her hand to soothe the tense little guy. 
Vivi leaned over too. Her round eyes flickered at Ian apologetically. 
“Ian, are you angry? It’s Vivi’s fault. Vivi won’t say anything like this again. Don’t be angry, okay?” 
Ian stayed quiet. 
He could only swallow his bitterness when Vivian apologized, even if he felt wronged. 
It was not his fault for experiencing mood swings because he had never left Sebastian before. 
Besides, his mother found another man as soon as she left his father. Hence, he was worried that he would never be able to see him again. 
The little boy was heartbroken.
Sasha knew that Ian was upset, so she took the boy to a room to be alone with him after they reached the manor. 
“Little Ian, do you regret leaving with Mommy?” 
“No!” The boy denied firmly. 
Yes, I don’t regret it because Mommy didn’t abandon me this time. 
Sasha was relieved at her son’s answer. 
“Then, you just don’t like it here, right? Don’t worry. We’re only here temporarily. When Mommy’s friend arranged everything, Mommy will take you back to Clear.” 
“Really?” The teary little boy finally broke into a smile, and his eyes lit up.
###Chapter 148
Chapter 148
“Of course!” 
Sasha squatted in front of her son and took his cold hands into hers to warm them. 
Ian finally felt better. 
But he still had questions in his head. Is Mommy never going to let me see Daddy again? Are we not going home ever? 
In the end, he kept them to himself. 
I know that Daddy made a big mistake this time. Matteo even said that Mommy slapped herself after seeing Grandpa. 
Who could easily forgive something like that? 
Ian’s beautiful eyes were again shrouded in sadness… 
— 
That night, Raymond specially held a grand welcome dinner for them to celebrate their arrival. 
“Mr. Leonard, I’m feeling embarrassed that my children and I are giving you trouble. You really don’t have to do all this for us.” She felt terrible about the luxurious treatment. 
Raymond smiled. “Nancy, you deserve my everything. It’s only dinner! I can give you more in the future.” 
This man sure is straightforward! 
Sasha blushed and fell quiet.
After changing into the dress that he had thoughtfully prepared for her, she carefully put on some makeup and went to the banquet hall. 
“Good heavens! Who is this? She’s gorgeous!” 
“Yeah, she really is charming! Is this your new girlfriend, Mr. Leonard?” 
As soon as Sasha appeared, everyone in the magnificent-looking banquet hall was amazed by her beauty. She immediately became the center of attention and had attracted their gazes. 
Sasha was a beautiful woman indeed. 
She wore an haute couture white gown, which showed off her slender figure and graceful curves. Her long hair was carefully braided into a bun by the hairstylist, revealing her beautiful nape. Most of all, her looks were heart-stopping. 
What a gorgeous lady. 
Sasha felt bashful when everyone else was gaping at her in awe. 
“Hello, everyone. My name is Nancy. I am a friend of Mr. Leonard.” 
“Nancy? So you’re Nancy!” 
“Oh my!” 
Unexpectedly, when her identity was revealed, everyone became more excited than before and looked at her even more excitedly. 
Sasha was perplexed.
What’s going on…? 
She looked at the tall, blond man beside her with a puzzled expression. 
Raymond smiled delightfully. “You see? All my friends know you, and they have heard your name many times, my beautiful Ms. Nancy.” He didn’t hide his smugness at all. 
Sasha blushed even more fiercely. 
— 
Sebastian received a photo that showed that exact scene. 
The woman who had never shown him her beauty before looked elegant and graceful like a fairy with fair skin. At that moment, a voice called from the blond man’s direction. 
“Sasha Wand!”
###Chapter 149
Chapter 149
“Mr. Hayes, they are there!” Luke was very excited as soon as he saw them. 
Wow, Sasha blew my mind. I’d never expected this woman to be this capable of escaping with the children without getting caught by the top businessman in Astoria. 
If it weren’t for her idiotic cousin who snitched, I don’t think we can ever find her. 
Yet, the snitch astonished me once more. 
We would’ve never expected that the person behind the scenes was actually a powerful family from Yartran. 
This woman sure is amazing. 
“Are we going in now, Mr. Hayes?” Luke asked timidly when he saw Sebastian’s murderous expression from the rearview mirror. 
He looks like he’s about to kill someone, and that woman still dares to put on a lovey-dovey show in front of him with another man and Mr. Hayes’s children! I can’t look at this anymore. 
“Wait here!” 
“Huh?” 
Before Luke could react, Sebastian had already got off, slammed the car door, and was nowhere to be seen. 
Gosh! He’s furious! 
This doesn’t look good. Should I get a few more bodyguards here? What if they started fighting? Can Mr. Hayes handle Mr. Leonard’s men?
— 
Meanwhile, Sasha was chatting with Raymond’s friends in the manor. 
Her stunning appearance had caused many misunderstandings that she was Raymond’s girlfriend, so now she had to clarify their relationship. 
“Ms. Nancy, are you two not in a relationship?” 
“No, we’re not,” explained Sasha smilingly while pouring wine. 
Raymond suddenly came over. “Why not? Nancy, I’ve always liked you. Can you give me a chance, please?” 
His sudden confession shocked Sasha. 
“Raymond, wh-what are you talking about? You know that I…” 
“Don’t worry, Nancy. I don’t mind your background and I will love your children like my own.” 
Then, he put down his wine glass, went on his knee, and took out a giant diamond ring. 
This guy is out of his mind!
###Chapter 150
Chapter 150
The banquet hall fell silent. 
All eyes were on these two people, including the three children who were enjoying the pastries. 
“See how charming our mommy is!” Matteo beamed and gave his mother a thumbs up after seeing this scene, his eyes glowering like stars. 
Vivian was beaming proudly too as she was a die-hard fan of her mother. 
However, Ian became more upset. 
“Daddy, Mommy is running away.” 
“Well, she can’t!” A familiar voice came from behind suddenly. 
Ian abruptly looked up. Before he figured out what was going on, a familiar hand swooped the boy up and into the man’s arms. 
Daddy? Is this really Daddy? 
The little guy was surprised at the sight of the man for a long time, and he just couldn’t believe his eyes. 
Seeing the look on his face, Sebastian rubbed his head. “What’s the matter? Are you dumbstruck? Do you not recognize Daddy anymore?” 
Ian was still in a daze. 
Hearing his father’s words, teardrops immediately ran down from his beautiful eyes. He immediately plunged into the man’s arms.
“Daddy…I thought…I thought I wouldn’t see you anymore…Daddy…I…I miss you so much…” 
He hugged his father’s neck tightly with his tiny arms. At that moment, the strong little boy finally broke into tears. 
He was just a kid, after all. 
Besides, he had never left his father’s side, and he was brought up by Sebastian all these years. 
Sebastian had never seen him this upset before, and he felt a twinge of pain in his heart. He decided not to scold him for being ungrateful, as those words choked at his throat. 
“Alright, don’t cry. Isn’t Daddy here now?” 
“Okay…” 
The little guy responded in a muffled voice while crying in his father’s chest, feeling a little better. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and Raymond were the centers of attention in the banquet hall. 
She still couldn’t believe that her business partner would publicly confess to her out of the blue. 
“Nancy.” 
She stayed quiet. 
“Will you be my girlfriend?” Raymond asked persistently. 
At that instant, everyone in the banquet hall cheered for him and urged Sasha to be with him. They also reminded her about this rare opportunity that many women could only dream about.
They’re right. Raymond is a son from an influential family who used to be royals. They only became aristocrats when they weren’t as successful. 
However, even if they are only aristocrats, they’re still a powerful family in this city. How would they allow a commoner like me to be his girlfriend? That’s impossible. 
At that moment, everyone felt that Sasha had hit the jackpot. 
Therefore, it disappointed them when the Astorian girl turned him down. 
“Raymond, don’t mess around. We’re just business partners, and I didn’t think of us otherwise.” 
“But now you can!” 
When Sasha was about to leave, the blond man suddenly grabbed her waist and pulled her toward him. 
“Raymond, you—” 
Sasha was finally infuriated. 
Nonetheless, the tall man lowered his head and stared at her with a longing, fiery gaze. 
“Nancy, I’m not joking. If you agree, I can give you this manor right now.” 
After saying that, he leaned in and tried to kiss her, but she quickly pulled away from him.
###Chapter 151
Chapter 151
Nevertheless, Raymond stubbornly grabbed her when she struggled to prevent her from escaping. 
“I’m not drunk! I’m more than sober. Nancy, I don’t mind that you’re a single mother, and I’m more than happy to take care of the children. I really love you.” 
After that, he tried to kiss her again, and she struggled harder than before. 
What is this crazy man doing? 
When everyone thought that Sasha could not escape from Raymond, Matteo, who was about to rescue her mother, saw a tall figure walking in. 
He was wearing a black coat and seemed to be carrying a child too. 
Then, a murderous voice was heard before he showed his face. “Get your hands off her!” 
The banquet hall fell silent. 
As if time had stood still, everyone’s attention turned from Sasha and Raymond to the man, including Raymond. 
What a terrifying voice indeed. 
“Who are you? Who let you into my manor? You must have a death wish!” Raymond roared furiously. 
Nevertheless, the man ignored him. 
When he strode out of the darkness with the child in his arms, everyone could see his slender figure with a dark expression hanging on his face. Moreover, the air of nobility around him had startled everyone.
Who is this? 
Everyone present was mostly wealthy and respectable but they still sensed the mysterious man’s threatening aura. They felt his presence and winced subconsciously. 
Except Sasha. 
“I should be the one telling you this instead. How dare you bother my children’s mother? Do you want the Leonard family to be wiped out from the surface of the earth?” The man finally spoke in a deep voice with a threatening tone as he carried the child and walked into the light. 
However, the deeper his voice was, the more frightening it sounded. 
Raymond’s eyes suddenly widened in shock. 
His children’s mother? 
Raymond looked at the woman in his arms. He then realized that she had been glaring at the man who suddenly appeared for a while. 
It looks like they are related to each other after all. 
Raymond looked at the child and exuded a murderous vibe too. “So you’re Nancy’s ex-husband? How dare you threaten me now?” 
“Ex-husband?” 
Hearing this, Sebastian, who was carrying the child, suddenly smiled. “You’re wrong. We’re not divorced.” 
“What? Not divorced?”
“Yes. She wanted to make me a widower but failed. So, if you don’t let go of her in three seconds, the Leonard family will be destroyed,” he reminded kindly. 
Sadly, Raymond didn’t believe him. 
Hmph! Who does this Astorian man think he is? Even the other powerful families can’t touch us! He must be out of his mind. 
Three seconds later, the Astorian man took out his phone in front of Raymond. “Confiscate every property that belonged to the Leonard family and send them to Mr. Eugene’s place and tell him that I sent him an expensive gift.” 
Everyone in the banquet hall fell silent. 
Mr. Eugene was the rival of the Leonard family. 
However, the Leonards wouldn’t dare to fight him because he was a royal family member. If he found their weakness, he could destroy them easily. 
What? Does he know Mr. Eugene? And even want to confiscate all our family property to send him as a gift? 
Raymond looked at the man who just hung up. The manor was in chaos, and the housemaids rushed over to inform him about his family members wanting to see him immediately. 
Finally, he realized things were going downhill. 
“Who…who are you? How do you know Mr. Eugene?” 
“So what if I do? I am the one who gave Mr. Eugene his land. Do you still think that’s weird?” Sebastian responded indifferently.
After saying that, everyone in the hall exclaimed in shock. 
The land that was gifted to Mr. Eugene was situated in the most prosperous area in the country. The news spread widely and had caused an enormous stir. 
Even the royal family was envious of that. 
However, no one knew that it was actually gifted by the famous Hayes Corporation from Astoria. 
So this is the owner of Hayes Corporation? This is too horrifying! 
No wonder this powerful man could enter with such a domineering and threatening presence. 
Everyone froze on the spot, and Raymond almost fainted. 
I actually offended the owner of Hayes Corporation by proposing to his wife!
###Chapter 152
Chapter 152
“Mr. Leonard, let go of my mother! Do you want to further infuriate my daddy? It won’t go well for you!” Matteo warned, in the nick of time. 
Raymond released his grasp as though he was electrocuted. 
“I’m… I’m sorry, I didn’t know. I thought…” Raymond stammered. 
“Mr. Leonard, even if my father isn’t the president of Hayes Corporation, this is still no way to treat a lady, you got that? You went too far,” Matteo continued, determined to give Raymond a piece of his mind. 
After saying that, he stretched out an arm to pull his unsteady mother to her feet. 
“Mommy, are you all right?” Matteo asked concernedly. 
Sasha was distressed. It was unbelievable that with all the effort she’d made to leave Avenport behind, this man still managed to track her down. 
It was a frustrating and embarrassing experience to be cornered by her past which she sought so desperately to escape. 
“I’m fine, Matteo. Mr. Leonard had too much to drink today. Why don’t you bring your sister and we’ll get out of here,” Sasha smoothed the front of her skirt and tried to appear calm and dignified. 
The boys were speechless, as was Sebastian who had just rescued her. He gritted his teeth in irritation at her obstinance. 
Why couldn’t he keep his hands to himself?
Why does he have to trouble himself to be kind to her? After she’d kidnapped his sons, he not only did not teach her a lesson, yet rescued her at the first chance he got. He’s reinforcing the notion that she has nothing to fear from him, is that it? 
If this is the way she wants to play, so be it. 
Sebastian’s temper flared up again. With a wave of his hand, a guard snapped to attention and marched smartly into the room. 
“Mr. Hayes,” said the guard. 
“Take the children.” Sebastian ordered. 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes,” he complied. 
“What are you doing, Sebastian? What right do you have to take them away from me?” Sasha cried in fear and held them close to her bosom. 
“Me? Wasn’t that what you were doing?” Sebastian laughed coldly. “You whisked all three away without a word before. Have some sense of shame.” 
At that, he gestured at his guard to grab the children. 
Sasha went berserk. 
Without regard for the scene she was causing, she grabbed her skirt and ran after them, screaming “Sebastian, you monster! You return my kids to me. They are mine, do you hear me?” 
Her heart-wrenching sobs and yells followed Sebastian to his car. 
Luke, who was at the driver’s seat, glanced uneasily at the rearview mirror. He could see the stumbling and deranged figure of Sasha in pursuit. “Mr. Hayes, perhaps there is a better way to handle this. Like
it or not, Ms. Wand is still their mother.” 
He meant to say “This is no way to treat a lady”, but thought the better of it. 
It was a cold night, and she was in the street in a thin skirt with no coat on. She may even risk freezing to death just to get her children back. 
However, the powerful and mighty Sebastian was not moved. After an indifferent glance at the rearview mirror, he ordered, “Slow down to 40mph.” 
Luke was perplexed. 
40mph? 
He must have misheard his employer. 40mph outpaces a limping snail, but just barely. 
But, as soon as he did as instructed, he understood Sebastian’s intention. The figure behind them stopped when she realized that she would not be able to catch up. But the sight of the vehicle slowing down seemed to give her hope, and she started giving chase again with renewed vigor. 
Luke wasn’t sure to feel amusement or horror at his boss’s sadism. 
After maintaining this ludicrous speed for about twenty minutes, Luke caught sight of Sasha stumbling and toppling over, too cold and exhausted to stand. 
“Ms. W- “ Luke exclaimed. 
“Stop the car!” Sebastian cut across him sharply. 
He exited the stationary vehicle into the penetrating frost of the night. Under the dimly lit streetlamps shrouded by fog, Luke watched, dumbfounded, as Sebastian bent over and picked up the limp woman
with uncharacteristic gentleness. 
So, this was done on purpose? 
The unconscious Sasha was placed in the car and the party proceeded with their journey. 
She, along with her children, was brought to a hotel owned by Sebastian. The hotel bearing his name was second to none in size and decor. 
Matteo said nothing throughout the entire trip. 
Being a cheerful and upbeat child, he was looking unusually somber. Even upon checking in, he stood holding his sister whilst glaring at his father without a word. 
The events of the night had greatly angered him. 
Sebastian easily deduced this. 
“Matteo, are you mad at me?” he asked. 
Matteo did not answer. He maintained vicious eye contact with his father and clenched his fists. 
These two children have completely different attitudes when it comes to treating their parents. 
Before Sebastian arrived at the manor, Ian follows his mother but thinks about his father the most. When Sasha was in trouble, Matteo was the one to defend their mother. 
It is likely the consequence of being raised by two entirely different adults.
###Chapter 153
Chapter 153
Sebastian understood how Matteo was feeling. He did not compel his son to speak, but knelt down in front of him. 
I’m sorry,” Sebastian began. “I admit that I was violent and hot-tempered. But if I did not do what I did, your mother wouldn’t have obeyed me.” 
Matteo shifted his beady little eyes to look his father in his face. 
“You did all of that for Mommy to follow you?” 
“That’s right,” Sebastian answered. “As you can see, your mother is stubborn. If I did not pressure her, she wouldn’t have come with us. Forgive Daddy, will you?” 
He was not lying to his son. That was indeed his motive. 
Matteo’s unclenched his fists, but he did not throw himself into his father’s arms for a hug as he normally would. Instead, he remained by his sister’s side and kept his distance from Sebastian. 
“Mommy became like that because you were mean to her. Daddy, if Mommy displeases you so, why won’t you just let her go? Wouldn’t you both be so much happier if you went your separate ways?” 
Matteo’s eyes were tinged red as he choked on the words. 
Sebastian was startled. The boy was right. 
Why didn’t he let her go? Since he hated her so much, wouldn’t it solve all of his problems if she were to disappear from his sight? 
However, for reasons unknown to him, his heart ached at the thought of this woman living her life without him.
It was as though something that had belonged to him suddenly had nothing to do with him. It was a deeply unsatisfying idea. 
Especially during the events in Raymond’s manor. When he arrived at the banquet, all he could think to do was to drag her out of there, and keep her under lock and key. No one else could see her except him. 
Sebastian felt as though he was losing his mind. 
He drew himself to full height. “Because I want you brothers to grow up with both your parents. Ian does not want to lose your mother. How about you? Are you willing to lose your father?” 
His words stung Matteo. Of course he wasn’t willing. 
Though sometimes his father can be despicable, Matteo loves him more than anyone in the world. Except for his mother, of course. 
How could bear to leave his father behind? 
Matteo fought back his tears and lowered his head. 
He allowed himself to be led into the shower and for a fresh change of clothes, as did his sister. Sebastian cared for both children that night. 
In the deep quiet of the night, they held a hushed meeting under cover of the quilt. 
“Matteo, I wouldn’t want to leave Daddy,” Vivian whispered. “Daddy is the only one who would stand up for us. If not for him tonight, Mommy would have been taken advantage of by Mr. Leonard.” 
She was clearly still upset and angry at her mother’s treatment in his hands.
Matteo was fuming too at being reminded of that. At the same time, his respect and love for his father increased. 
“But I think Mommy would definitely not forgive Daddy this time.” 
“Huh?” Vivian, whose eyes were shining bright with optimism, dimmed in an instant. 
If it were me, what would I do? 
Sasha did not manage to sleep at all that night. 
It could have been because she had over-exerted herself in the pursuit of the car. But she had been mentally on edge for the past two days, compounded with the sleeplessness the night before. 
Though she lay motionless in bed, she remained painfully and exhaustedly awake. 
When she felt the bright golden rays of the dawn of the following day warming her face, she opened her eyes slowly, lashes quivering as she did so. 
“Finally awake, are you?” the dreadfully familiar voice called out. 
She froze. 
What is this? 
Where is she? Why is this scum here? Didn’t he rob me of my children last night? The last thing she remembered is giving chase to the car. Oddly enough, she was actually catching up to it. 
Sasha’s disoriented mind was still making sense of the fractured events of last night.
Before she had the whole story straightened out, a heavy set of footsteps approached. Turning towards it, a tall and thin shadow dominated her field of vision. 
“Sebastian!” Sasha sat up in a flash. 
There was no mistaking it. The abductor of her children was standing before her in the flesh. 
The shock was too much for her. As soon as she cried out, she collapsed back into bed. Her brain tried to stay afloat to comprehend the insanity of it all. 
“I’d advise you to remain calm,” Sebastian said. “You’d need your strength if you still want to see your children.”
###Chapter 154
Chapter 154
Sasha took several moments to compose herself. She turned to address Sebastian through bloodshot eyes. “What have you done with my kids? You monster, return them to me.” 
Her children were her life. Without them, life wasn’t worth living. Even in her current state, all she cared about was their wellbeing. 
Sebastian brought a chair next to her and sat down comfortably, propping his legs up on her bed. 
“Sasha, let us establish some ground rules. First of all, the kids are mine as well as yours. Secondly, if I really intended for you not to meet them, you will never be able to, make no mistake.” 
She settled down. Eyes remained fixed upon him with distaste and distrust, she nevertheless allowed him to continue. 
Fear, hopelessness, and grief flashed in her eyes. In spite of herself, she was trembling, with tears flowing freely down her cheeks. 
She was at a loss. 
Sebastian was disturbed at the effect he produced. 
Before he could stop himself, he blurted, “I’m just saying. Don’t cry, I still haven’t decided what I will do.” 
Sasha felt a trace of hope at that. Perhaps her children were not completely lost to her. 
She felt completely powerless. To go against him would be akin to an ant struggling in vain to be stomped on. 
Sasha regained her composure.
“So… what will you do?” She clutched her sheets tightly. 
“I just want to talk to you, Sasha. Why can’t we coexist in peace?” Sebastian said, finally revealed his motive for waiting for her all morning. “The responsibility to raise our children is ours to share. Why can’t we do it together?” 
All this time, they have been fighting each other like cats and dogs, in the name of the children. 
Watching one’s parents fight like that is not something a child deserves. Is the fighting worth it if it deals irreparable damage to them? Shouldn’t they reflect on it and be ashamed of their behavior? 
Sebastian observed her thoughtfully. 
After letting his guard down and displaying vulnerability, Sasha’s jeering response was not what he expected. 
“Coexist? Sebastian, are you toying with me?” 
Sebastian stared at her, at a loss for words. 
“Am I wrong? You are the high and mighty Mr. Hayes of Hayes Corporation. I am just a lowly ant, subjected to be crushed to death at the merest sign of your displeasure. How will we be able to coexist? What peace is there to be found? My life is delicate in your hands. Do you think it’s fair for you to say that?” 
Sasha did not hold back in her mockery. 
She was still pale, appearing even more so by the redness in her eyes. But at this moment, her sarcasm was razor-sharp, and it hurt him. 
Sebastian went from white to crimson in an instant.
This b*tch is tired of living! 
His handsome features contorted in rage. Nobody has ever spoken to him like that. Even worse, nobody has spoken to him like that after he had chosen to speak to them like an equal. 
It was difficult, but he managed to control his temper. 
“The thing with my father,” Sebastian said, trying to keep his voice even. “I know, I went over the line. But Sasha, it has already happened. There’s no point in pursuing this matter. I am serious about coexisting with you. As a sign of my sincerity, I’ve decided that I will return your million to you.” 
This time, Sasha was the one who was speechless. 
This scumbag, did he wake up on the wrong side of the bed today? 
It’s already a miracle that he had admitted to being wrong. But to loosen his wallet and give her back what was hers? Something’s wrong with him this morning. 
After his speech, Sebastian stood up. 
“I will give you a day to consider. My motive for all of this is for our children, whether you’d believe it or not. Do you think it’ll make them happy if you took them away from me? Think about what you went through last night.” He said before departing. 
Sasha was still stunned. It was not until the ceiling fan stopped rotating that she came to. In a fit of anger, she grabbed the pillow behind her and threw it at the door through which Sebastian left. 
“What about last night? I was having a good time. Men still find me attractive. There are plenty of men who would be willing to raise your kids as their own. Does that thought sicken you?” She yelled at the door.
On the other side, Luke heard her and froze. He was praying that Sebastian had not heard a word of it, though it was near impossible as he stood right next to him. 
Strangely enough, Sebastian did not bat an eye, other than at the mention of “men who would be willing to raise your kids as their own”, to which he staggered slightly. But otherwise gave no sign that what she said had bothered him. 
He was getting immune. After all, he had heard this all before.
###Chapter 155
Chapter 155
Sasha finally gave in to return to Avenport together. 
If not for anything else, it was because she couldn’t bear to be apart from her children. If she was determined to return to Clear, she reasoned with herself, it would be impossible for her to even bring one of her children with her. 
Therefore, Avenport seemed like her best bet given the current situation. 
Her children were overjoyed at her consent. They burst through the door and ran up towards her, pleasing her a great deal. 
“Mommy, will you really return to Avenport with Daddy?” Vivian squealed. “This is wonderful! I thought you weren’t going to say yes.” 
She was the first one through the door and in her mother’s lap. 
Sasha was surprised. “You were hoping that I would go back there with your father?” 
“Yes, Mommy,” Vivian replied. “I do not like it when the other kids in the kindergarten ask me about my father. Even if I haven’t been properly reunited with Daddy, it still makes me very happy!” 
Vivian was a child with simple pleasures. It didn’t take much to fill her little heart with joy. 
Sasha felt a lump in her throat. Wordlessly, she pulled her daughter in for a big hug. 
Matteo came in next. “Mommy, I think that you should go with Daddy too,” he informed her solemnly. “We can’t abandon Ian.” He grabbed his brother by the hand. 
Ian did not know what to say. He looked down, not willing to let them see his watery eyes. 
Sasha’s heart ached with sorrow at the sight of him. She knelt down and pulled him in for a hug as well.
“Mommy won’t even think about abandoning any one of you. I’m sorry for being rash. I’m sorry for hurting you, Ian.” 
“Oh, Mommy,” Ian threw his arms around her neck. 
For all the differences that those three had, they were all her kind and loyal babies. Whether it was Matteo and Vivian who was attached to their mother or Ian who was reluctant to forsake their father, they were angels, none of whom Sasha would willingly part with. 
So it was on the third day, Sasha and her triplets followed Sebastian back to Avenport. 
At the same time, Xandra, who was abroad, was awaiting this piece of good news. 
Her Aunt Kelly had eyes everywhere. 
The news of Sasha escaping with her children was caught by Kelly and immediately relayed to her niece. 
Xandra was here to reinstate herself as Mrs. Hayes. Upon hearing that Sasha voluntarily disappeared with her children, she was over the moon. 
“Is she crazy?” Xandra exclaimed. “Dragging along three kids with her.” 
“Who cares?” Kelly retorted. “Isn’t this what you wanted? You don’t have to lift a finger.” 
She sipped her coffee whilst casting a disapproving eye at Xandra’s drafts on her computer. 
Xandra followed her aunt’s gaze and panicked. She slammed it shut like she was afraid of being caught with something indecent. 
“What nonsense are you talking about? My contract is already signed for.”
“Is it, now? Then you’d better make sure you write it well. If the quality is not the same as your previous ones, you’ll be in big trouble.” Kelly said harshly. 
Xandra turned pale. She opened her mouth to retort, but thought against it and let the matter be dropped. 
It is true that this incident had been a thorn in her side. She has had years of experience as a publishing author. Even the bestseller ‘The Tattoo of my Heart’ was her work. 
However, her writing was not what it used to be in recent years. 
Though the publisher made an exception to sign her on the title of her book alone, she has hit the dreaded writer’s block. 
Xandra turned off her computer resentfully and brewed herself a cup of coffee. 
“We should discuss our next move,” Xandra said. “Sasha Wand took her kids away. Sebastian wouldn’t be very happy about that. I think it’s time for me to return.” 
“That’s not a bad idea,” Kelly agreed with her niece for once. 
After an upheaval in his house, a furious man would need a woman’s touch to restore things to order. 
It did not matter if he pursues his kids. At this moment, he needs a woman by his side. When the kids return, she would have plenty of time to assume a motherly role. 
And if he doesn’t get them back, even better. She would have him all to herself. 
It all looked good to Xandra. It was a win-win situation. “But, before I go, I should investigate this woman.”
Kelly was startled. “Investigate her? Are you crazy?” 
“Relax,” Xandra soothed. “Of course I won’t make it obvious. If that b*tch is unlucky, we will find her, make her go away, and take the kids back to Sebastian. Isn’t that better?” 
She savored her coffee, delighted with the way her plan is coming together. 
Her aunt was right, though. She needs to play this right and not do anything rash. With brains like that, she will help the Hayes family return to their former days of glory. 
Kelly was pleased. This plan might just work out. 
With that in mind, the two women started laying down the finer details of their plan.
###Chapter 156
Chapter 156
The two of them could not have expected that their arrival was bad news. 
“Has Sebastian’s brain rotted? Why does he want to bring her back? Is he going to teach her a lesson?” 
Kelly’s first reaction was to be enraged by this news. 
However, Xandra was different. 
She thought back to that day at the mall. Sasha had no idea how terrifying Sebastian had been when she left with the man she bought clothes with. 
He treated Xandra like she did not exist and left the store without another word. He immediately contacted someone to go to the preschool to fetch his son. 
I’ve never seen him like this. 
Out of control and childish… 
Where’s the stoic Mr. Hayes? He acted just like a child throwing a temper tantrum, and his actions were almost laughable. 
Is he really bringing the woman back to teach her a lesson? 
No, it can’t be. 
He might be bringing her back to keep her securely by his side. 
Click.
Xandra had squeezed her cup so tightly that he snapped. Fresh blood flowed from her palm. The hatred in her eyes had reached its boiling point and had transformed into murderous outrage. 
Go to hell, Sasha! 
Sasha finally returned to Avenport. 
The moment she alighted from the helicopter, she led the two children away instead of climbing into Sebastian’s car. 
Although she had agreed to come back, it did not signify that she had resolved her issues with him. We’re nothing more than strangers who happen to share children. 
Ian, who was standing at the back and holding his father’s hand, was upset by the sight. 
“Daddy, Mommy left…” 
Sebastian did not know how to reply. He had expended a large amount of effort to get her back. It was impossible for him to expect her to obediently go along with him. 
He tugged his son into his embrace and said, “Let her leave. It’s not like you can’t see her again. Your mother will fetch you from school tomorrow.” 
“Really?” 
Sebastian’s reply made the child happy. His eyes lit up as he looked up at his father. 
This ungrateful little imp. 
Sebastian led Ian into the car.
As for Sasha, when she returned to their old neighborhood, she found that their previous house had been rented out. She had no choice but to search for a new house along with her two children. 
“Where are we going to live, Mommy? Can we live somewhere nicer this time?” 
When Vivian heard that they were going to look for a new house, she thought back to the previous dilapidated rented house. She could not help but voice out her request meekly. 
Frankly, both children were rather sensible. 
Whether it was back in Clear, or this old neighborhood, they followed Sasha with no complaints. 
However, this time the little girl wanted to stay in a beautiful house. 
Perhaps it was because it was too cold, or because they had lived in their father’s house for some time. At the end of the day, they were both just children. 
Sasha squatted down in front of them. “Fine, let’s get a pretty house this time.” 
Vivian cheered. “That’s great! Thank you, Mommy” 
Two hours later, the three of them finally settled on a small condo that was decently high-end. 
“Matt, hurry up. Let’s go and choose our rooms. I want the prettier one!” 
“Okay.” 
Matteo was also delighted. The two children went to see the rooms. 
Sasha smiled at their figures as she started to unpack their luggage. She wanted to organize the rooms before the sun sets so she could cook dinner for the children.
Ding. 
She suddenly received a message. 
She opened the message and saw that she had just received one million. 
One million? 
Sasha scoffed coldly. She logged into her online banking account and tried to return the money. After that, she immediately called the bank to freeze the card. 
She left to finish her chores. 
Throughout, her expression was one of indifference. 
I never said that I wanted this one million. I might be back, but it has nothing to do with him. 
The mother and two children spent a peaceful night in their new house. 
The next day. 
“Matt, Vivi, time to wake up. You have to go to preschool today.” 
“Okay, Mommy.” 
The lethargic child-like voices came from the pile of blankets. Shortly after, the small humans were carried out by their mother and they started to wash up. 
Naturally, Matteo dressed himself. 
A few minutes later, both children were neatly dressed and standing in the living room.
“What do you want to eat? I’ll make it for you,” asked Sasha. 
Matt was about to reply, but his smartwatch started to ring. He picked up the call. 
“Hello? Ian?” 
“Yes, I’m here.” 
No one expected Ian to say those words. 
Sasha was stunned. 
What does he mean? 
He’s here? 
While Sasha was still in a state of confusion, Matt had dashed to the balcony.
###Chapter 157
Chapter 157
“You really came, Ian.” 
Sasha was incredibly shocked. She followed Matt and saw a small human at the bottom of their condo. He was accompanied by a man wearing dark sunglasses and an all-black attire. They stood unmovingly at the entrance. 
This child… 
Sasha panicked and dashed back into the house to open the door and head down. 
“Mommy…” 
When she arrived downstairs, she immediately saw the child standing at the building’s entrance. 
Despite being dressed in a thick down jacket, a hat, and mittens, the extremely cold weather had turned his cheeks red. Even his snot had frozen. 
“What are you doing? Why did you bring him here when it’s so cold?” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Wand. We had no choice. Ian was making a fuss about coming here. He’s insisting on going to preschool with Matt.” 
The bodyguard who was holding an umbrella rushed to explain. 
Sasha was left with no other option but to carry her son in. Once her other two children were done eating, she took them to the preschool. 
At Hayes Corporation in the center of the city. 
Sebastian, who had just arrived at the office, switched off his phone after he received the photo from the bodyguard showing that the three children had entered the preschool. He picked up his laptop and
went into his office. 
Luke walked in to announce that day’s schedule. 
“Mr. Hayes, tasks had piled up since you were absent from the office for two days. You might want to read the email from Ms. Green first.” 
“Xandra?” 
Sebastian, who had just taken his seat, was initially in a good mood. However, his two shapely eyebrows were now furrowed. “What email?” 
Luke immediately brought out his laptop and opened the email from Xandra. 
To be honest, it was rather contemptuous. 
Even though Xandra had known Sebastian for many years, she still could not send him emails. Sebastian’s inbox had a spam filter. Other than company matters, no one else could send him emails. 
This included Xandra. 
Sebastian scanned the email and realized it was a draft. 
“Mr. Hayes, Ms. Green says that this is the draft she had just finished writing. She’s about to hand it over to the editors, but she wanted you to look it over first. If there’s nothing wrong, she’ll send it to the editors,” explained Luke. 
Whenever Xandra wrote a new book, she would ask Sebastian to read the final draft. He would always provide her with a satisfactory answer in the shortest amount of time. 
However, after Sebastian scanned this latest draft, Luke caught sight of annoyance flashing past his eyes.
“Set it aside first. Bring the other tasks over.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
Luke closed the laptop and handed the schedule over. 
Less than ten minutes later, Sebastian was done looking through the schedule. He walked into the meeting room with the documents and laptop in hand. 
For the rest of the day, there was not even a moment’s rest. 
However, he could not have expected that on this day, the unimaginable would occur. 
“Mr. Hayes, there’s been a problem. Mr. Hayes Sr. suddenly went to the preschool and took the two boys out.” 
“What did you just say?” 
Sebastian was so shocked that the pen in his hand fell and clattered onto the table. 
What is this old man doing? Why is he pulling such a stunt all of a sudden? Doesn’t he know that I just managed to bring the two children back to the country? What if that woman is pissed off by this? 
What if she disappears again? 
Sebastian’s expression shifted completely. He sprang to his feet and dashed out of the meeting room with no regard for the ongoing meeting. 
The people left in the room shared dazed looks. 
Mr. Hayes’s behavior is becoming more erratic…
A few minutes later, a black Bentley sped out of the car park. Sebastian stepped on the gas pedal as he called his father on Bluetooth. 
Ring… Ring… Ring… 
“Hello?” 
“What are you doing, Dad? Why did you suddenly take the two children out of preschool? Did you ask me for permission first?” 
When he heard his father’s voice, Sebastian exploded with anger. 
Before he could finish speaking, his father roared back, “You piece of shit. How dare you talk to me like that? You knew full well that I have two grandchildren, and my granddaughter-in-law was still alive. But you kept it from me!” 
For a long time, his ear buzzed. 
“Dad, I have my reasons for not telling you.” 
“As if. Do you really think I don’t know what goes on in that mind of yours? Sasha is innocent. If it was any other woman, she wouldn’t have let you off.” The old man continued to berate Sebastian. 
Sebastian’s veins throbbed as he listened to his father, and he constantly wanted to rebuke him. 
Innocent? 
How about I rip her open to show you her true colors? Why don’t you see for yourself what she did the past two days? 
Sebastian gnashed his teeth together. As he drove, he willed himself to stay calm.
###Chapter 158
Chapter 158
“Dad, calm down and listen to me. If she finds out that you pulled the two children out of school like that, she’ll be angry too. Can you let us know before you take them?” 
“Sasha said that she was going to bring the children to see me. I waited two days but they didn’t show up. You had to have been causing trouble.” 
Frederick hung up the phone. 
Sebastian almost popped a vein. 
In Dad’s eyes, that woman can do no wrong. It’s always my fault. No matter what she does, she’s seen as innocent. 
Sebastian suppressed his rage as he sped towards the Hayes residence. 
He had a reason for being so strongly opposed to this. Firstly, he had just had a big fight with Sasha, and it took a lot of effort to convince her to bring the children back. 
He was afraid that if something set her off, she would never come back again. 
Who knows what she’ll do at that time? 
There was also the matter of Matteo. 
Matteo had never seen his grandfather or been to the Hayes residence. Sebastian was afraid that Matteo would be uncomfortable and traumatized if he was suddenly dragged there. 
He was only a five-year-old child, after all. 
Sebastian pressed down on the gas pedal again.
Meanwhile, at the entrance of the Hayes residence. 
Vivian had said that Raymond’s mountain villa was huge, but Ian had said that the Hayes Residence was even larger. Not even ten of Raymond’s mountain villas could compare. 
Actually, he was referring to the Hayes Residence instead of the Frontier Bay. 
The Hayes Residence had stood since ancient times. It was truly an ancestral home, and it had an estimated market value of a billion. There was no other house in Avenport that could compare in value. 
Ian and Matteo were suddenly dragged there. When they saw the opulent and exquisitely decorated mansion, Ian was fine since he had grown up there, but Matteo was suddenly unwilling to go in. 
He was slightly afraid. 
“What’s wrong? Why aren’t you going in, my darling grandson? This is your home. Let’s go in, okay?” 
Frederick tried to coax his motionless grandson. 
However, Matteo did not take a step further. 
Ian’s heart went out for Matteo. He took his brother’s hand and whispered, “Don’t be scared.” 
He led Matteo in. 
“He’s here. Our other grandson is finally here!” 
“Really? Let me see.” 
“Me too…”
They swarmed around Matteo the moment he stepped through the entrance. They fawned over him like he was a precious gem, each dying to get a look at him. 
It was inevitable. This was too shocking! 
No one expected that another one of the triplets had survived. He was already so grown. 
They stared at the child. Their eyes were like headlights, unblinking and bright. 
Matteo was silent. 
Am I a monkey? Must they gawk at me like this? 
Frederick was chuckling at the side. “Darling grandson, these are your uncles and aunties. A few of them are your grand-uncles. They heard you were coming and came especially to see you.” 
Fredrick was afraid his grandson would be terrified and he rushed to do the introductions. 
Matteo scanned the room and met the staring eyes. He became even more overwhelmed. When some of the people realized how much he resembled Ian, they could not help but pinch his handsome face. 
“It’s real! He’s real!” 
He rubbed his aching face. Suddenly, his fox-like eyes curved as he smiled. 
“Of course I’m real. After pinching an adorable nephew like me, are you going to give me a present, Auntie? I’m more than welcome to it.” 
“Huh?”
The woman who had pinched him was taken aback by his cheeky and innocent words. “Of… Of course. I’ll give you a present.” 
She was stupefied. Ian would never have said anything like that. 
Rather, he would not speak at all. 
Matteo was delighted to hear that he would receive a present. “Great! You’re so pretty, Auntie.” 
“Hahahaha…” 
The yard-full of people dissolved into laughter. None of them expected that this new child would be completely different from his brother. 
“He says such cute things. Uncle, who raised him? Why is he completely different from Little Ian?” 
“Yes. I love him. If they didn’t share the same face, I wouldn’t believe that they’re brothers.” 
“Exactly! He’s adorable!” 
All of them were surprised by Matteo. They surrounded him as they tried to hug him. 
Matteo was not scared anymore. He allowed them to hug him and even greeted each of them in a sweet voice. They became even more entranced by him. 
Soon, his arms were overflowing with presents.
###Chapter 159
Chapter 159
Ian raised his eyebrow. 
“Why are you accepting these? Daddy has all of them!” 
“I know. I’m just joking with them. I’ll give them all to Grandpa soon. Don’t worry.” 
Matteo patted his brother’s shoulder and assured him that he was just acting. He was not actually going to accept their presents. 
Ian was happy to hear that. 
Although they had no intention of accepting the presents, they were shocked to see one of the great- uncles carry an embroidered box over. 
“Fredrick, I did not expect that our family would have another heir. I’m going to give your grandson the gold pendant you gave me.” 
With tears in his eyes, he handed Matteo the embroidered box. 
Matteo was confused. 
What’s happening? 
Why did they suddenly give me this? 
Ian nodded. “I have one too.” 
Matteo was stunned. 
Is that so?
Matteo did not know that because of the Hayes family’s immense wealth, they had always been conscious of heritage. Their heir could only be someone of the purest bloodline. 
Anyone else did not stand a chance. 
Frederick’s bloodline was pure. Thus, Sebastian was the one who inherited Hayes Corporation. 
It was a pity that although Sebastian had Ian, Ian’s physical condition had always been weak. There had been no motion for Sebastian to get remarried. 
Hence, Frederick had given one of the gold pendants to his brother. 
However, there was Matt now… 
Frederick nodded. “Matt, you should accept it. It’s rightfully yours.” 
Without hesitation, he told Matteo to accept this gift he had personally given away. 
Matteo was only a child. He did not overthink things. 
Since his grandfather told him to accept it, Matteo did just that. 
Matteo happily slipped the gold pendant around his neck. The brothers went with their grandfather into the dining room for lunch. 
As for the great-uncle, he continued to smile while everyone else was still present. 
When they all left and the area was quiet, the smile completely dissipated. 
The smile was replaced with an absolutely devious expression. 
How persistent.
There’s even a healthy one now! 
By the time Sebastian rushed to the Hayes residence, a noisy meal was ongoing. 
The room was full of people. Sebastian wondered if his father did it on purpose. He invited every member of the Hayes family and even some of his friends over. It looks like a banquet. 
“Dad…” 
Sebastian walked in and his eyes glanced past the two children who were feasting next to their grandfather. He yelled at Fredrick, who was seated at the head of the table. 
Frederick lifted his head. As per Sebastian’s expectation, Frederick did not seem happy to see his son. 
“Finally here? Have lunch with us.” 
Sebastian did not want to start a row with his father here. Hence, he nodded and sat next to his two sons. 
“You’re here, Daddy. Did Mommy come with you?” 
Matteo was overjoyed to see his father. 
But after he looked around and realized that his mother had not come, his smile turned upside down. 
Sebastian noticed this. He pursed his lips and rationalized a reason for him. “Your Mommy is at work. They’ll dock her salary if she asks for leave.” 
“Oh.” 
Matteo did not ask anymore.
This was a serious problem. His mother was raising him and his sister on her own. It would be bad if her salary was docked.” 
The two boys went back to eating. 
Ten minutes later, the banquet’s atmosphere became solemn. It might have been due to Sebastian’s arrival. Shortly after, a few people excused themselves after taking a few more bites. 
Sebastian had an intimidating aura in this house. It increased after he inherited power. 
After everyone left, Sebastian checked his wristwatch. He intended on taking the two children back. “Dad, since they’ve seen all the family and friends, I’ll be taking them back.” 
“What’s the rush? Their mother isn’t even here yet.” 
The old man tossed out the statement casually. 
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed. 
What does he mean? Did he let that woman know? 
His expression changed. Anger flashed across his face. His tone became extremely unpleasant. “What are you trying to do, Dad? Do you just do whatever you want now? Are you never going to discuss anything with me anymore?” 
“What a joke. I’m your elder. Why should I discuss anything with you?” 
Frederick had no intention of backing down. 
Sebastian was so angry that he started to chuckle. “What do you think? I’m the head of the Hayes family now. I have the right to make the final decision about everything. Did you ever stop to think about the consequences of your actions?”
“Think about the consequences? Why do I need to do that? Don’t you know that I’ve been cleaning up after you all these years?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“You don’t know what I mean? How about you ask their mother to give you another household register? This way, you’ll be officially divorced. What’s the point of playing all these sneaky games? Are you even a man?” 
Frederick told someone to take the children elsewhere so he could glare and chastise his son freely.
###Chapter 160
Chapter 160
Sebastian’s expression changed. 
His nerve had been touched. He had been so self-righteous and determined. But now, he had lost his voice. 
His handsome face was an amalgamation of red and white. 
“You’re lucky Sasha is well-mannered. She doesn’t hold it against you. Do you think you’ll be standing here still if it was any other woman?” 
A few seconds later, the strained Sebastian murmured, “I wanted to compensate her. She didn’t want it.” 
“Compensate? How much did you give her? Two hundred billion? Three hundred billion?” Frederick’s tone still carried a hint of rage. 
Given the Hayes family’s wealth, Sasha deserved much more as the two children’s mother. 
Sebastian kept his mouth shut. 
He could not tell Frederick that he had only returned the one million to Sasha. If he did, Frederick would be even more livid. 
Why should I give her so much money anyway? 
All I did was lie, and I apologized. The matter is done. Why should we blow it out of proportion? 
“Can’t speak? You jerk. I knew it! Fine, I’ll decide this for you. When Sasha comes, you bring out her identity. The two of you will go to the civil affairs office to get divorced today!” 
“What did you say? Divorce?”
Sebastian finally reacted. He stared at Frederick. He looked more astonished than he had ever been. 
Frederick glared at him. “Yes, divorce! I told you before. Since I’m the one who convinced her to marry you, now that you want her to return to the Wand family, she has to walk out of our family with her head held high. A piece of shit like you can’t be allowed to do as he pleases!” 
Sebastian was silent. 
His mind was blank. Before he could think about what he was saying, he uttered, “Who says I want to divorce her?” 
Frederick was appalled. “You don’t want to divorce her? Then why are using such despicable methods? You even want to strike off her name from our household register. How is this not trying to sever ties with her?” 
Sebastian had been rendered speechless. 
It was as though something had gotten caught in his throat. He wanted to protest but he could not get a word out. 
It was true that he had had this thought before he went through with it. 
Whether it was five years ago, or five years later, Sebastian never wanted to see Sasha. She was stupid, greedy, and shameless. Just the mention of her name repulsed him. 
Thus, when he found her in Clear, he had immediately instructed Luke to do it. 
He did want to sever ties with her. 
But now that divorce was on the table, he realized that he was not as happy as he thought. 
“That’s not what I meant. I just…”
“Frederick, you misunderstood. It’s not that he doesn’t want to divorce me. He just doesn’t want to make a big deal out of it. He’s the president of Hayes Corporation. He’s currently linked to Ms. Green. If news gets out that he has an undivorced ex-wife, it’ll hurt his reputation.” 
Just as Sebastian was about to cobble together an excuse, a voice interrupted him. 
After she spoke, the two men fell silent and looked her way. 
They were surprised to see a young girl wearing a khaki-colored jacket with jeans and white sneakers. 
Perhaps it was because she had been hurriedly called away during work, but she was dressed exceptionally casually. Her hair was tied in a simple ponytail. However, there was radiance in her simplicity. Her face was small and her complexion was clean. Her face looked like exquisite jade poised atop her high-collared wool jacket. Her bright eyes seemed cold, but they were full of light. She was so brilliant that no one could tear their eyes away from her. 
Sasha? 
She really came? 
Sebastian took a double take. 
This woman is really different from Xandra. 
Xandra preferred branded goods. Everything she wore came from luxury stores. Whenever she went out, her makeup had to be perfect. 
It was as though she was afraid that people would be unable to recognize her as the future wife of the president of Hayes Corporation. 
However, this woman was different.
She gravitated towards a natural style and dressed simply as though she did not care for superficial things. She looked extremely casual. 
However, Sebastian could not help but feel that she looked good. In his eyes, she looked unblemished. 
Something is wrong! 
“You’re finally here, Sasha. Come in quickly. Have you eaten? Shall I ask the housemaid to make you something?” 
Mr. Hayes also saw Sasha. He was delighted and hastily ordered a housemaid to prepare food for her. 
Sasha waved her hand dismissively. “No thank you, Frederick. I’ve already eaten. I still need to work later. Did you ask me here because of the matter you just mentioned?”
###Chapter 161
Chapter 161
Sasha even cut to the chase and asked for the reason she was called here. 
Frederick nodded and answered honestly, “Sasha, I’ve given this matter some thought. I thought I had made the right decision when I arranged for you to marry into our family years ago, but now I’ve come to regret it. So, if you want to, I can have that reversed immediately.” 
Sebastian fell silent. 
“Sure,” the woman, who had just walked in, replied succinctly without any hesitation. 
She had not even taken a side glance at Sebastian the whole time. 
Sebastian clenched his fists but could not control the veins in his temples from popping violently. 
“Alright, since that’s what you wish, I’ll get the household register right now. Once we have your identity restored at the registration office, you and Sebastian can get your divorce certificate right after.” 
Frederick was about to instruct someone to retrieve their household register when Sasha spoke, “Thanks, Frederick. But I think we should keep a low profile, just in case it damages the company’s reputation.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Sebastian and I can just settle the matter at the civil affairs office at any time. But if he’s not willing to, you may still have to come with me,” Sasha suggested. 
Once again, the old man was touched by the thoughtfulness of this woman who would soon cease to be his daughter-in-law and was prepared to agree to her suggestion.
Before Frederick could speak, his son beat him to it as he gritted the words through his teeth, “You’re not seriously asking my father to go to the civil affairs office with you? It sounds like it’s him you’re divorcing!” 
The atmosphere in the living room immediately turned frosty. The tension was so tangible in the air one could almost smell the explosives. 
Frederick’s eyes widened in intense fury; his fists balled up as he was about to teach his son some manners. 
It was Sasha who maintained her composure and spoke matter-of-factly, “I don’t blame you if you understood it that way since that was how we got married in the first place anyway.” 
“You—” Sebastian was so overcome with anger he was fumbling for more insults to hurl at the woman. 
Being the president of the Hayes Corporation had not prevented Sebastian from being hit in the sore spot the second time in the same day. 
The man was beside himself. “Sasha Wand! Do you have a death wish?” 
This woman is not taking me seriously at all! 
“I don’t understand why you are so worked up, Sebastian. I thought you have always wanted my name to be taken off your household register so that you can replace it with your new partner’s name. I think you should be thanking me for this.” 
Seeing Sebastian standing motionless, Sasha raised her voice and continued, “I don’t know what is it that you’re planning in your head against me, but let me be clear on one thing. Although you didn’t wish to marry me in the first place, I’ve still given you two sons. So, if you insist on being a jack*ss about this and don’t mind things getting ugly, I’ll just see you in court!”
Sasha finally fixed her gaze on Sebastian. 
Her glare was not only cold but also piercing sharp. Each of her words was filled with anger and hatred. 
That must be why he’s refusing to sign the divorce papers now. Before this, he was more than willing to pull out all the stops to get away from me. But now, he’s changed his mind because Frederick is giving me an easy way out and he’s worried that Xandra’s reputation will be harmed if our divorce gets publicized. How cruel and selfish can this person be! 
Sasha was still glaring at Sebastian; the corner of her eyes reddened, and her body was trembling from trying to suppress the numbing pain in her body. There was a hint of regret on top of resentment in her emotional eyes. 
Sebastian was momentarily dumbstruck. 
Am I seeing regret in her eyes? What’s she regretting? Marrying me, or having met me in the beginning? 
The intense hatred in Sasha’s eyes had struck him hard. As the man’s thin lips pursed together into a line, he wondered why he felt panicky and lost at the same time. These unfamiliar feelings scared him because, for the first time, Sebastian was losing control of his usual composure. 
“Sasha Wand, have you gone crazy? I’ve never said that I didn’t want to be divorced from you, so stop barking like a mad dog! Wait here, and I’ll get somebody to prepare the divorce documents right now!” With great self-restraint, Sebastian hurled the most hurtful words he could think of at her and grabbed his car key before he stormed out of the living room. 
Sasha stood still as she watched the fast-moving figure disappear from the corner of her eyes. Suddenly, she felt like the last ounce of energy had left her body as she slumped into the chair behind
her. 
“Sasha, are you okay?” Frederick was silent the whole time the couple exchanged curses. Her abrupt fall into the chair startled him. 
Sasha opened her mouth in an attempt to say something, only to realize that she was too exhausted to utter another word. 
Fatigue had overcome her.
###Chapter 162
Chapter 162
It was as though she was finally freed from the shackles of her past. The feeling of being liberated was so overwhelming that her whole body was trembling. 
I’m finally free. 
She would no longer allow herself to harbor the faint hope of reuniting with Sebastian and find excuses for him every time he hurt her, telling herself that he did those things for a good reason. 
Who am I kidding? I was my own prisoner, but I no longer am. I’m going to have a new life after this. 
While Sasha sat on that chair, tears started to roll down her cheeks. Clutching her chest, she wanted to cry her heart out. But as she took a deep breath, she realized that her aching heart did not allow her to do so. 
She felt as though her heart had been pierced through with a dagger. 
… 
Sasha remained at the Hayes residence the whole afternoon. 
Since Sebastian had indicated that he would have the divorce papers sent over, she wanted to be there when the documents arrived. 
But hours had passed, and there was still no sign of Sebastian. 
After a while, Sasha grew drowsy from getting too worked up earlier on and fell asleep in the house. 
When Matteo and Ian came over for their mother, they saw a sleeping Sasha. They then scuttled to their grandfather. “Grandpa, is Mommy sleeping?”
Frederick was looking intently at a booklet in his hand when a child’s voice broke his daze. He quickly put down the booklet and replied, “Yeah, she’s asleep. What are you guys doing here? I thought you were spending time with your uncle?” 
“We did. But we’ve got to go back now,” said Matteo smilingly after checking the time on his smartwatch. 
It’s about time to pick Vivian up from her preschool, or the crybaby will surely kick up a fuss if we’re late. 
After hearing that Matteo intended to go home, a hint of hesitation crept up the old man’s face as he looked at his grandson and asked tentatively, “Well, I was thinking… maybe you could sleep here tonight and spend some time with me?” 
“Huh?” 
Frederick’s unexpected suggestion startled the boys. 
Ian did not resist that idea as he had spent a lot of time here growing up. Matteo, on the other hand, was instantly filled with reluctance. 
He was not used to sleeping in a strange place without his parents. 
“But Mommy said that we need to go back home so that we won’t be late for our preschool tomorrow. Grandpa, why don’t we come back to visit you on the weekend?” Matteo had cleverly turned his rejection into a visit in his sweetest voice possible. 
However, Matteo’s suggestion only made the old man’s heart grow heavier. 
Unbeknownst to the boys, the booklet their grandfather was holding onto was the Hayes family’s household register. Frederick was just thinking about the custody of Matteo as they barged into his
room. 
Matteo is a Hayes, so it is without question that he will have to return to the Hayes family. 
Moments before Matteo walked in, Frederick had tried to put himself in Sasha’s shoes while considering who should get custody of the child. 
After all, the Hayes family owed her that much. 
Nevertheless, the moment he saw the boys walk in together, he was reminded of what a sweet and cheerful little person Matteo was compared to his frail twin brother. The old man now had second thoughts about letting him go. 
“Oh, that won’t be a problem. I can take you guys to school, and I promise that I won’t be late. What do you think?” Frederick was insistent. 
“Huh?” 
“Alright, let’s get the butler to show you to your room. I’ve re-decorated the room, and I think you’ll like it.” 
Without waiting for a reply, Frederick beckoned his butler over and instructed him to bring the boys to their room. 
Ian’s face darkened in an instant before he shouted, “I’m not going!” 
“You—” Frederick was once again stumped by his elder grandson. 
Sensing the rising tension in the room, Matteo was quick to defuse the situation. “Don’t be upset, Grandpa. It takes time with Ian. Let me talk to him.”
With that, Matteo pulled his brother out of the room before Frederick could stop them. 
After they reached a deserted courtyard a few minutes later, Matteo asked his brother, “Ian, you did that on purpose just now, didn’t you?” 
“Hmm,” Ian admitted while lowering his head in embarrassment, the back of his ears turning pink. 
With a big grin on his face, Matteo patted his brother’s shoulder to indicate a job well done. 
He then attempted to analyze the situation. “Something must have happened between Daddy and Mommy. Otherwise, Grandpa wouldn’t be acting this way.” 
“Hmm.” Ian frowned in agreement. 
“We can’t both stay here. We’ve got to find out what’s going on between the two of them. Didn’t you see what Grandpa was trying to do just now? He was trying to keep me here. Me!” 
Ian was rendered speechless by his brother’s reasoning. 
Matteo’s voice turned solemn when he continued, “If Grandpa is really planning to fight with Mommy over me, things will definitely turn ugly. He’s way more powerful than Daddy, and there’s not much we can do to help Mommy in this matter.”
###Chapter 163
Chapter 163
Ian was still lost for words, but the Transformers figurine in his hand was clutched more firmly as he listened to his brother’s analysis. 
No, they can’t do this to Mommy. It’s our mommy, and no one can hurt her! 
For the first time, the boys balled up their fists together, their eyes staring out with unswerving determination. 
… 
Sasha was awakened by the kids. 
“Mommy, wake up. We need to get Vivian. It’s almost 4 o’clock.” 
“What?” Sasha sat up straight from the futon, well alert in an instant. “It’s almost 4 o’clock? Alright, let’s go get your sister now,” she said while hurriedly getting ready to leave. 
Matteo quickly brought over Sasha’s scarf and handbag as she was putting on her shoes. 
When Sasha was all set, Matteo naturally slid his little hand into his mother’s palm. 
Enveloping her son’s hand in her own, Sasha’s eyes searched one round for Ian but to no avail. “Where’s Ian?” 
“Ian is staying here. Daddy will come to fetch him tonight,” Matteo explained delightfully. 
Is that so… 
Sasha did not say more. After all, the boys had been living separately since their births; one with her while the other with their father.
Sasha and Matteo had just stepped outside the guest room when they bumped into Frederick, who was holding onto his walking cane. 
“Sasha, I suppose you’re heading back now. There’s something I’ve been meaning to give you.” 
Sasha and Matteo stopped in their tracks as the old man walked toward them. 
Despite what Sebastian had done to her, Sasha still felt grateful toward Frederick, especially for helping her today. He had chosen to protect her and set her free rather than siding with his own son. 
“Frederick, it’s cold out here. You should’ve just gotten one of the housemaids to pass on your message to me,” Sasha said politely. 
“This is too important for them to handle. Here, I want you to have this,” the old man said while handing her a red booklet. 
Sasha looked down at the booklet and was startled when she saw the words “household register” on the cover. “Frederick, this is—” 
“I’m really sorry that you’ve wasted the whole afternoon. I’ve checked with the office. Apparently, someone important showed up, and Sebastian had to meet with them. As such, I’ve decided to give you this. Once your identity is restored, you can apply for a divorce with this,” Frederick said apologetically while still holding out the booklet. 
Sasha was still in shock. 
No way… Did I hear him right? is he seriously giving me their household register? 
Staring at the booklet with her gaping mouth, Sasha was still in disbelief.
Seeing as the woman was stunned, Frederick stuffed the booklet into Matteo’s hand while reminding him, “Keep this for your mommy. This is very important, so you have to take good care of it, okay?” 
“I understand, Grandpa.” Matteo took over the booklet happily. He then carefully slid it into his pocket. 
So Mommy and Daddy are getting a divorce! Oh, just as well. Problem solved! 
With that thought, Matteo left happily with Sasha. 
That night, as Sasha was giving Vivian a bath, Matteo called Ian, who was now back at Frontier Bay. 
“Ian, I know what’s going on with Mommy and Daddy.” 
“What is it?” 
“It turns out they’re getting divorced!” Matteo exclaimed in exasperation. 
He was disgruntled at their fruitless effort in carrying out all the plans in hopes that their parents would reconcile. 
Now that their parents were getting a divorce, a complete family seemed like a farther dream to them. 
Ian’s face darkened on the other end of the line. “Is it Daddy’s fault again?” 
“I’m not sure. But more importantly, I need to ask you this. Do you want them to be separated?” Matteo asked over the phone. 
Ian was taken aback by his twin brother’s unexpected question. 
What does Matteo think about this then? He must be thinking that Mommy and Daddy should separate, or he wouldn’t have asked me such a question.
Standing inside his bedroom, tears welled up in Ian’s eyes the next instant, and the blood drained from his already pale face. Without any warning, he cast his smartwatch aside and dashed into the cupboard. 
“Ian? Ian?” Matteo called out in panic. 
There was no response from Ian, and Matteo grew anxious as he could hear loud thuds from the phone.
###Chapter 164
Chapter 164
Ian! 
Matteo was in complete shock. Immediately, he rushed into the bathroom, where Sasha was giving Vivian a bath. 
“Mommy! Mommy! Something’s happened over at Ian’s. Can you please check on him?” 
“What?” Sasha sprung to her feet. “What happened to Ian?” 
“I-I don’t know. We were on the phone just then, but he went quiet all of a sudden, and then there were loud noises… Mommy, I’m so sorry.” 
Matteo’s eyes reddened as he was in full-blown panic mode. 
Sasha comforted him by saying, “Don’t worry, it’s not your fault. Maybe something else was going on over there. I will go over right now, and you’re gonna stay home to look after Vivi, okay?” 
After taking Vivian out of the shower and dressing her up, Sasha hurried out the door. 
What’s happening to Little Ian? He still seemed fine at Frederick’s today. How can he be in trouble so soon after? 
In her frantic moments, Sasha had entertained the brief idea of calling Sebastian to ask him, but the thought of what had occurred at Frederick’s earlier that day stopped her promptly. 
I’d better not alert him to this. Since we’re getting divorced, what if he decides to stop me from seeing Ian? 
Sasha put down her phone, but her mind was still unsettled. Luckily, it was an off-peak hour, so traffic was considerably smooth. She arrived at Frontier Bay after about half an hour.
“Ms. Wand? What are you doing here so late?” The security guard at Royal Court One recognized Sasha but was still surprised to see her visiting late at night. 
Sasha, on the other hand, was so flustered she had no time to explain to him. “I’m here for Ian. What’s happened to him?” 
The guard was puzzled by the woman’s question. “Ian? He’s fine. What’s the matter?” 
Ignoring his bewilderment, Sasha pushed open the heavy gate and walked straight in. 
A few minutes later, Sasha arrived at the villa. However, once she stepped into the living room, she was met with dead silence. 
The cold winter night coupled with the absolute silence made the villa seem haunted. 
Why is it so quiet around here? I thought something has happened to Ian? 
While Sasha stood in the living room in a daze, a voice came from behind her. “Ms. Wand? When did you get here? You should have let me know that you were coming.” 
The voice belonged to Wendy. She thought she heard something and came out of the kitchen to check. 
There was finally someone Sasha could talk to in the villa. “Wendy, where’s little Ian? Is he okay?” 
“Ian? He’s fine. I sent him off to bed after giving him a bath just now.” Like the security guard, Wendy also seemed confused about Sasha’s late visit tonight. 
Saying no more, Sasha stole a quick glance at the second floor and started striding toward Ian’s room. 
Matt will never lie to me. Since he said that something has happened to Ian, then something must be wrong. The housemaids and guard may not have noticed it yet.
In no time, Sasha arrived outside Ian’s bedroom. 
“Little Ian?” she called out her son’s name while trying to push open the door. 
Her heart sank when she realized the door was locked from the inside. 
What’s going on with this kid? Why is he doing this again all of a sudden? 
Wendy, who had followed closely behind Sasha, saw what happened and hurried downstairs to retrieve the bedroom key. 
This was no joking matter. Everyone in Royal Court One knew that Ian was not allowed to lock his bedroom door. Given his fragile body and unpredictable emotional state, there was no telling what would happen if he locked his bedroom door. 
Therefore, Sebastian had declared that his son’s bedroom door was not allowed to be locked from the inside. 
And all this while, Ian had been obeying his father in this regard. 
But now, he had locked it again. 
Wendy rushed back with the key in her hand. “Ms. Wand, here you go. The key.” 
Sasha grabbed the key and swiftly opened the bedroom door. 
“Little Ian, what—” 
Sasha’s jaw dropped as soon as she dashed inside the room. When she was told that something had happened to Ian, she thought that maybe he had fallen ill again.
But when she was inside Ian’s room, she was taken by surprise; the room was a complete mess! 
What’s going on here? What happened to my little Ian? 
Sasha’s face turned pale as she surveyed the room; there were over-turned furniture, broken toys, and smashed items on the floor. Panic-stricken, she started searching for her son in the room. 
“Little Ian? Little Ian, where are you?” 
“Ian? Ian, please tell us where you are,” Wendy called out while checking every corner of the room. 
The two adults looked as though they were living their worst nightmare. They had searched every spot in the room, but there was no sign of Ian.
###Chapter 165
Chapter 165
It’s like the kid had vanished into thin air! 
“How did this happen? Where did he go?” 
Panic-stricken, Wendy was about to summon the security guards to search for the kid. 
Sasha was no better off. However, she didn’t believe that her child would run away from home. He is only five and will definitely leave some clues behind even if he runs away. 
Sasha suppressed the fear in her heart and continued searching the room. 
In the end, what got her to breathe a sigh of relief was hearing the soft breathing that came from the huge closet. 
“Little Ian!” 
Sasha opened the closet immediately. 
As suspected, a small, curled-up figure appeared before the two adults. The pale-faced boy with pallid lips was only half-conscious at that moment. 
“Little Ian…” 
… 
Sebastian was in a club when he received the call from home. 
After he got home that afternoon, Leslie showed up and informed Sebastian that the club Hayes Corporation invested in had opened its doors. He was then invited to go check things out as well as relax in the new club.
That was why he went over. 
The cocktail had just been served, and it hadn’t even rolled down Sebastian’s throat when his phone rang. 
“Sebastian Hayes, what the hell are you doing? Why aren’t you home at this hour? Don’t you know that something terrible happened?” 
The sudden angry howl was like dynamite blowing off right beside his ear, which stunned the man and forced him to move his phone away. 
“What’s wrong? Who is it?” asked Leslie, who was sitting at the side. 
He was curious. This is Sebastian Hayes! Who on Earth is crazy enough to yell at him as soon as the call is picked up? 
Life, however, always had a way of surprising a person. Sebastian merely paused for a moment after being reprimanded that badly. 
After that, he placed his phone by his ear again and complained, “Sasha Wand, have you gone nuts? How dare you butt into my business?” 
“Are you insane? Who the hell cares about you? I’m only calling to ask you to come back because something happened to your son. He has to go to the hospital immediately. As his father, aren’t you being a little too irresponsible?” 
What followed next was another series of furious howls. 
Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
Leslie blurted, “Holy moly, who is that fearless woman? I have got to meet her.”
Those words made Sebastian’s expression turn even uglier. 
Surprisingly, he wasn’t actually angry. On the contrary, receiving that call and being yelled at made Sebastian feel pretty good. 
I wonder if that is how other wives react. Will they call their husbands up and reprimand them like this whenever the men went home late? 
Sebastian put his drink aside. 
“Got it.” 
Without saying another word, Sasha hung up the call immediately. 
That got Leslie utterly stupefied. 
I swear, I need to ask this gutsy woman where she found the courage to go up against this tyrant. 
And the dude doesn’t even seem angry! 
When Leslie walked over and saw that Sebastian was leaving, he asked, “What’s wrong? Did something happen?” 
This man is acting out of the norm today. Besides staying here for the entire afternoon, he also looks unusually grim. Even though Sebastian never said a word, Leslie, who had known him for over a decade, could still tell that something was amiss. 
The problem was that he had no idea what was troubling Sebastian. 
“It’s fine. Ian’s just sick.”
“Huh?” blurted Leslie, who was genuinely worried upon hearing that. “Are you sure that everything is alright? Do you need me to go with you?” 
Leslie knew that Ian had always been in poor health. Hence, hearing about the news got him worried, and he truly wanted to pay a visit. 
Unfortunately, the man standing in front of him outright rejected his kind gesture. 
“There’s no need for that. Just make sure that business is running smoothly here.” 
Leslie was dumbfounded. 
“By the way, Sabrina said that she would be dropping by today. Remember to go welcome her later,” reminded Sebastian before grabbing his car keys and leaving. 
Leslie felt like he was just struck by lightning. 
Sabrina? D*mn it, there goes my good days. 
At the People’s Hospital located in the city center. 
Sasha worked in that hospital, so everyone recognized her when she rushed over with her son in her arms. 
“Nancy, the boy…” 
“He’s my son,” replied Sasha without hesitation. 
She has a son?
The doctors on-site hurried over upon hearing that. What truly surprised them, however, was that the boy looked similar to a certain someone… 
“What is everyone standing around for? Examine the boy now!” 
The head physician scolded the other medical staff when he saw everyone gathering around. With that, everyone dispersed and got to work immediately. 
On the other hand, Sasha remained composed while standing at the side. 
The kid had always been in poor health, and he practically grew up in the hospital. Hence, it was only natural that the medical staff knew about his condition. 
A few minutes later, the ER doctor finally finished examining the boy. 
“How is he, Dr. Woods? Is he going to be alright?” 
“He’s fine. His condition was likely caused by emotional distress. Did something upset him greatly?” asked the doctor. 
Upset him? 
However, Sasha was clueless about what happened to the kid too.
###Chapter 166
Chapter 166
That being said, Sasha was aware of how easily Ian’s physical health got affected by emotional turmoil. That was why she didn’t use her acupuncture techniques on him and took him to the hospital instead. From her experience, the most suitable treatment for him in such circumstances would be sedatives. 
And he’ll also need psychotherapy. 
As Sasha stared at the boy on the bed whose eyes remained shut, she felt guilt-stricken. 
“I don’t know. He was already hiding in the closet when I arrived, all curled up like a ball. It’s likely that something horrified him.” Sasha speculated. 
She was at a loss as she honestly had no idea what had happened to her son, and the kid refused to talk even after he woke up. He simply kept his eyes closed without moving a muscle. 
That got Sasha extremely worried. 
Dr. Woods nodded and agreed, “Yes, that is most likely what happened. Let him rest for a while. We’ll ask him about it after he wakes up. Maybe he’ll open up then.” 
“Okay.” 
Sasha breathed a sigh of relief after hearing that. After getting the prescription from the doctor, she went to pay the bill and retrieve the medicine. 
Sebastian made it to the hospital before Sasha returned from the pharmacy. Upon entering the room, he saw a tiny figure lying on the bed. 
“Ian?”
Sebastian was much calmer when dealing with his son’s illness. After all, he had brought the child to the hospital countless times. 
Despite that, watching the tiny figure under those white sheets still gripped Sebastian’s heart. 
He walked over to check how his boy was doing. 
Unfortunately, the moment he approached the bed, he saw the tiny thing inching away under the sheets. Ian still had his eyes closed, so he didn’t catch a glimpse of Sebastian but only detected his scent. 
Yet, that was enough to make the kid keep his guard up, refusing to get close to his dad. 
Sebastian was at a loss for words upon seeing that. 
“Here’s the medicine, miss. Please administer it to my son,” said Sasha who had just returned at that moment before handing the medicine for the boy to the nurse. 
Hearing that from the side of the hospital bed, Sebastian retracted his long fingers that were clutching onto the edge of the sheets. 
When Sasha walked over with the nurse, she realized that Sebastian was there too and abruptly paused in her tracks, almost causing the nurse to crash into her. 
“Dr. Nancy?” 
“Sorry, let’s go over there.” 
Sasha quickly averted her gaze and followed the nurse to her son’s bedside with a needle. 
At first, Sebastian had some doubts, but when he saw that the lady seemed professional, he swallowed his words, and with his hands in his pockets, he strode to the seat beside the window.
He seems so freaking relaxed. 
Sasha checked the kid’s temperature after attaching a saline bag to him. She later glared at the man icily and informed, “I’ll leave the rest to you.” 
Sebastian was swiping on his phone with his legs crossed at that moment. He appeared relaxed and nonchalant, exuding the aura of a powerful man. Hearing Sasha say that she would leave the matter to him simply made him look up with an indifferent expression. 
“Before you leave, shouldn’t you tell me what happened?” 
The hell? He’s only asking about this right now? Was his fatherly love just an act this entire time? 
Sasha’s beautiful face turned hostile instantly as she growled, “You’re asking me? How would I know? He was already hiding in the closet when I reached the villa. He was all alone like… like an abandoned pet! If you were home, you could’ve prevented that from happening!” 
Sasha’s eyes reddened as she spoke. 
Upon recalling how pitiful the child looked inside the closet, tears welled up in her eyes. Every time she thought about his crouching figure, her heart would wrench in pain. 
Sebastian was stunned as he didn’t expect her to become so emotional all of a sudden. 
She’s even crying… 
Sebastian stiffly retracted his gaze. For the first time, he didn’t reprimand her for losing her temper with him. 
“It’s been a while since he last acted this way. When he was younger, he stayed in the Hayes residence for some time. That was when he became reclusive and resisted social interactions. After I brought him
to my place, he stopped having meltdowns like this.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Her bloodshot eyes were still wet with tears when she stared blankly at the man in front of her. 
What is that supposed to mean? Is he trying to say that Little Ian is autistic? If that is the case, then everything makes sense since it’s normal for autistic kids to lack a sense of security. In fact, that is precisely the cause of the disorder. As his mother, it is my fault for not giving him the sense of security he needs! 
Sasha recalled how the boy always looked sorrowful and reluctant whenever he heard her saying that she was leaving. Now she finally understood the reason behind it. 
Her heart ached the second she made sense of everything, and she could no longer stop her tears from rolling down her cheeks. 
Sebastian was speechless. 
What is wrong with her? She’s crying regardless of whether I speak up! 
“Then I won’t go back tonight. I’ll stay and take care of him.” 
Sebastian was utterly baffled. 
“Oh, Matt and Vivi are still in the apartment. Get someone to take care of them after you go back. Wendy will do. It’s not safe for two kids to be alone at home.” 
Sasha then took out a set of keys from her purse.
###Chapter 167
Chapter 167
Sebastian was stunned once again. 
He did not expect any of that to happen. When he shared that story, he was just trying to let Sasha know why Ian was sick. 
Why are things spiraling this way? 
No one knew what was on his mind as he sat there quietly with his dark brown eyes fixated on those keys. 
That gaze… 
Sasha thought that Sebastian was going to reject her request, so she turned grouchy and demanded, “Why aren’t you leaving? Have you forgotten that Matt is your son too?” 
Upon hearing that, the man raised his brows. 
He then got up from the chair and grabbed the keys on the way out. 
What the hell is wrong with him? 
… 
That night, Sasha stayed in the hospital with her eldest son. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian left with the keys to the apartment. Sasha thought that he would do as she instructed and get someone else to take care of the kids in the apartment after he returned home. 
She didn’t realize that the man went to her place immediately after he left the hospital. 
Mommy?
Matteo was in his room when Sebastian reached the apartment. The kid had not been able to sleep because he was worried about Ian. Abruptly, he heard the door being opened. 
His tiny head popped out from under the sheets instantly. 
“Ian…” 
Vivian, on the other hand, was snoring lightly like a cute piglet. Sensing her brother moving about, she got upset that the cold air had invaded her warm blanket and grumbled in her adorable voice. 
Her chubby arms hugged her brother even tighter. 
He was about to pry his baby sister’s arm away when he heard a series of heavy footsteps and the sound of something being tossed onto the table. 
He could tell that the person was heading directly to their bedroom. 
“Mom… Daddy? What brought you here?” 
When the little boy saw the tall figure standing by the door, he was so surprised that his big, round eyes bulged. 
Sebastian was a little surprised as well. 
It was likely that he didn’t expect the little one to be awake at that hour. 
“Were you waiting for your mommy?” 
Sebastian walked to the kids’ bed and sat beside them. Stroking the boy’s head, he gestured for him to lie back down so that he won’t catch a cold. 
Matteo lay back down obediently.
Still, he was happy to see his daddy there. His eyes shone as brightly as the stars in the sky. 
“By the way, Mommy went to check on Ian. Daddy, is Ian alright? Is he sick? Also, why are you here? D-did you come just to see us?” asked Matteo, who was especially careful when he said the last sentence. 
Unlike Ian, Matteo wasn’t raised by Sebastian, so their interaction was a little stiff, and they couldn’t chat freely like how Ian did with Sebastian. 
Being the intelligent person he was, Sebastian could guess what the kid was thinking. 
He sat down by the bedside and tucked Matteo in. “Ian got a fright,” answered Sebastian. “Your mommy is staying in the hospital, so I came to see how you guys are doing.” 
“Really?” 
As suspected, the little one was ecstatic to hear that answer. 
Daddy really came over for us! 
As his father gazed at him lovingly, Matteo’s cute face lit up with a bright smile. The boy then asked, “Is Ian’s illness serious, though? I was talking to him over the phone at that time, but he suddenly stopped talking.” 
“You were talking to him?” blurted Sebastian in mild astonishment. “What were the two of you talking about?” 
“We… uh…” 
Instantly, the little guy lying on the bed was lost for words.
He couldn’t exactly tell his father that he and his brother were talking about their parents’ divorce. Daddy will definitely be angry if he learns the truth. He will think that we’re bad kids for eavesdropping. 
“I-It’s nothing. We were just talking about the games we play.” 
“I see. Ian’s fine, and he will be in good shape again by tomorrow. It’s late, so be good and go to bed.” 
Sebastian didn’t press on after hearing that reply. He simply stroked the little guy’s head before telling him to go to bed. 
Matteo grinned at his daddy and said, “Okay, but where will you sleep tonight, Daddy? Are you going to sleep here with us? We don’t have that many rooms here, and the only other room is Mommy’s.” 
This kiddo is teasing his daddy… 
Sebastian pinched Matteo’s button nose before exiting the nursery. 
It was not possible for Sebastian to sleep in their nursery because there was only a kid’s bed. There was definitely not enough space for an adult, especially with two kids already sleeping there. 
Sebastian ended up going to Sasha’s bedroom. When he opened the door, he saw a small but clean room. 
Given Sasha’s financial capabilities, it was normal that she couldn’t afford a luxurious place. 
That being said, she kept her room clean, regardless of where she stayed. Even the shabby house in Old Town seemed welcoming after she decorated it. 
When Sebastian entered the room, he noted that the room was illuminated by warm lighting with a tidy bed in the middle of it. On the bed was a neatly folded light blue blanket. The room was simple but not
lacking. There weren’t many decorative items next to the bed, which suited Sasha’s style because she had always been a minimalist. Besides a bedside table with a thick medical book on it, there was only a nightstand.
###Chapter 168
Chapter 168
Despite that, Sebastian didn’t feel like there was anything lacking in the room as he saw a purple vase on the study table placed some distance away. Some fresh chrysanthemum flowers were blooming in the vase. 
The stunning flowers were like a ray of sunshine in winter, and they lit up the entire room. 
This woman has pretty good taste. 
Sebastian took his coat off. 
At first, Sebastian planned on spending the night sitting in front of the study table. He regarded himself as a dignified man who was too high and mighty to touch the foul bed that the woman had slept in. 
The annoying reality of it was that for some unknown reason, he lay down on it before he even realized it. 
To make matters worse, he caught himself wrapped up tightly in that blanket when he woke up the next morning, and he could smell the fragrant scent of that woman wafting from it! 
I must’ve been possessed last night! 
Overwhelmed by conflicting emotions, he was about to throw the blanket aside and get up when a tiny figure dashed into the room. 
“Morning, Daddy. How did you sleep last night?” 
It was Matteo. 
Sebastian felt even more troubled at his son’s sudden appearance. He quickly whipped his head around and acted like he had been looking in another direction the entire time.
“Good morning. Are both of you up?” 
“Yeah, we have to reach the preschool by eight-thirty. Daddy, will you drop Vivi and me off at preschool today?” asked Matteo. 
His tiny face was filled with anticipation when he made that request. 
Preschool? 
Sebastian finally turned around to take a glance at his son. All the man saw was the eagerness and hope in the boy’s eyes, which prompted Sebastian to nod without hesitating. “Sure. Is everyone ready?” 
“Not yet. Vivi hasn’t combed her hair yet. Daddy, do you know how to do it?” 
Sebastian was taken aback by Matteo’s sudden question as he had no idea how to do something like that. 
He had experience in taking care of kids, but since Ian was a boy, there was never a need for Sebastian to tie his hair. 
Unfortunately, there were no other adults in the house, so Vivian, who was already in her uniform, had to follow her brother to Sasha’s room. She couldn’t help but feel a little scared. 
At first, Vivian didn’t actually believe it when Matteo said that their daddy came to their apartment. 
Why would Daddy come to our small apartment? Besides, he is not on good terms with Mommy, and they’re constantly arguing. So why would he come here when he despises her? 
Vivian remained skeptical until she actually saw that tall figure in the room. 
“Come here, little girl.”
Sebastian looked down at the frightened little girl, who was hiding behind her brother. It was early in the morning, so Sebastian’s patience hadn’t waned yet. He waved his hand to beckon her over. 
Only then did the little girl finally approach him. 
Unlike his sons, the little girl had plumper cheeks and looked cute as she walked to Sebastian in a daze. She had been standing in front of him for some time with her head tilted up, staring at him with her big, round eyes. 
Why is she staring at me like that? Is she showing off her large eyes? 
Sebastian reached for the back of her collar and picked her up like she was in a bag. After that, he put her on a stool. 
“Gah! You can’t pick me up like that. I am a kid! You’re supposed to carry me,” the little girl finally spoke up. She glared at her daddy after being placed on the stool, and her tiny arms waved in the air when she complained in her cute voice. 
Sebastian was stunned. 
It was as if he was by the riverbank, and a gust of comforting wind had just swept past him. His heart was filled with a sweet feeling as he looked at her tiny face and listened to her baby voice that was completely different from that of his sons. 
With that, Sebastian’s heart softened. 
“Okay, I won’t do that again.” 
Vivian didn’t utter another word.
Her big, round eyes gleamed as she sat obediently on the stool so that her daddy could tie her hair up for her. 
However, she acted up again when he tied her hair. 
“Do you actually know how to tie my hair? It hurts when you do that!” complained Vivian angrily as she touched her head of hair that was disheveled. There was no saying how upset she was at that moment. 
How is he going to be my daddy if he can’t even tie my hair properly? 
Sebastian was a little stumped. 
He honestly tried his best, but tying pigtails for the little girl turned out to be more complicated and nerve-racking than signing contracts worth billions! 
Whose sh*tty idea is this? Why must girls tie their hair up? 
Sebastian was tempted to toss the comb into the trash can. 
However, he suppressed that desire, and after putting in his all, he managed to help the little girl tie a simple ponytail. Matteo, who had been watching from the side, could not help cringing. 
Nevermind. We should let him off the hook this time. After all, he’s never helped comb his daughter’s hair before. 
Surprisingly, Vivian was pretty happy about it. 
Her tiny, plump hand caressed the ponytail that her daddy had tied for her. It was like she had just received the most precious gift in the world, and she hopped out of the house happily, leaving the other two dumbfounded.
What the… 
… 
At the hospital. 
Sasha had woken up by then, and she was getting ready to take Ian home. 
“Let’s go home, Little Ian. The doctor said that you’re fine now, so you’ve been discharged,” cooed Sasha as she gazed at the boy who had been sleeping in her arms all night. 
Unfortunately, the boy, who was recovering well, closed his eyes as soon as he heard about going home. 
He even wanted to turn around and ignore her completely. 
Sasha was at a loss.
###Chapter 169
Chapter 169
“I was talking about going back to the apartment where your siblings are staying, not the one in Frontier Bay. Do you want to go over there, Little Ian?” 
Seeing that the kid refused to talk to her, Sasha deliberately whispered those words into his ears. 
As expected, the rascal’s long eyelashes flickered upon hearing that while he was in his mommy’s arms. His eyes remained closed, though. 
Sasha couldn’t help finding that hilarious. 
Soon after, she took him out of the hospital and brought him to her place. Fortunately, Ian no longer showed any sign of resistance. 
Deep down, Sasha was filled with guilt. She had no idea that she played such a huge role in the child’s mental wellbeing. Back then, she saw how sad he was every time she left the house, but she had always assumed that he was simply a little reluctant to see her leave. 
I never realized that I affected him that much. 
Sasha decided then and there that she would deal with her son’s issues before getting a divorce. 
When Sasha took Ian back to the apartment, she assumed that her other kids would be home as well since she didn’t return the night before. But she was surprised to find it empty when she opened the door. 
Huh? Where are the kids? 
Panic-stricken, she immediately fished out her phone and called Wendy. “Hello, Wendy? Did you take the kids somewhere?”
Wendy paused for a moment before replying, “No, Ms. Wand. I didn’t babysit your kids.” 
Panic instantly rose in her heart. Without another word, she hung up the call and rushed to the rooms. 
She noticed that the nursery looked normal, but the same could not be said for her own room as her bed was messy. It looked like someone had slept on it, and there were even two balls of crumpled-up tissue paper on the floor. 
“It’s Daddy!” 
“What did you say?” 
Standing by the door, Sasha was stunned to her core upon hearing that. Her eyes bulged as she shifted her gaze to her son, who had followed her to the room. 
Ian pointed at the nightstand and said, “His watch…” 
A look of surprise crept up Sasha’s face. 
… 
At Hayes Corporation. 
Sebastian had forgotten to put on his watch that morning. 
The moment he woke up that morning, his son got him to tie Vivian’s hair, and the rest of the morning was just one hectic event after the other, so there was no way he would have remembered to wear his watch. 
Luke noticed it as well. 
That’s strange. Where is his watch?
After entering the room with a bunch of folders, he placed them on the desk before checking his own watch and asking, “Mr. Hayes, are we going to the airport later?” 
“Why would we do that?” 
Luke didn’t expect the man, who was busying away at the desk, to look up and ask that question in a confused tone. 
That got Luke to choke a little on his words. 
Really? Has he forgotten what he said yesterday as well? That he wanted to go on a business trip today? I had to rush to get those air tickets! 
Luke felt like it was necessary for him to remind the man. “Mr. Hayes, you mentioned yesterday that you wanted to go to Moranta, remember? You even told me to buy air tickets for a flight at eleven o’clock.” 
The boss did not say another word after hearing that. 
However, the man didn’t move from his seat either. He simply stiffened a little before turning to the folders that Luke had brought over and reading them half-heartedly. 
“I’m not going anymore.” 
“Huh?” blurted Luke in a stunned voice. “You’re not going anymore?” 
“Well, yeah. That annoying Ms. Sabrina is back. Go reserve a private room for tonight. We’ll throw her a welcoming party,” instructed Sebastian calmly. 
Luke was baffled. 
Is that really necessary?
Since when did these two siblings get so close? Doesn’t he usually ignore his big sister whenever she returns? 
Sometimes, Ms. Sabrina would drop by the office to pay her brother a ridiculously short visit, but that’s all. When has he ever thrown a welcoming party for his sister? 
Luke found it strange. 
However, his boss had already given out the orders, so Luke had no choice but to obey. 
“Should I inform Mr. Ian about it?” 
“Isn’t that obvious?” 
“And what about Ms. Wand? Should I invite her?” asked Luke cautiously. 
Luke’s intentions were simple. It was a family gathering, and since Ian was going, it was only natural for Matteo, who was also Sebastian’s son, to attend the party as well. After all, Matteo had never met his aunt before, so it was the perfect opportunity to introduce them to one another. 
To Luke’s surprise, Sebastian rejected that suggestion without giving it a thought. 
“There’s no need for that. Just pick Ian up from Frontier Bay.” 
“Understood.” 
Not daring to say anything else, Luke simply turned around and left to deal with the matter. 
Sabrina Hayes… It’s probably better if the boy never meets her.
Sabrina was even more notorious than her brother Sebastian. Almost all the other members of the Hayes family kept their distance from her due to her eccentric behavior. 
That was especially true for Sasha all those years ago. 
Naturally, Sasha didn’t know that Sabrina had returned. The former didn’t clock in that day and stayed at home to care for her eldest son instead. 
The two of them ate some home-cooked delicacies, and when afternoon rolled by, they went to the mall where Sasha bought him a new blanket and some pajamas that matched his siblings’ nightwear. 
After that, the two of them went to the preschool to pick up Matteo and Vivian.
###Chapter 170
Chapter 170
“Little Ian, you will be sharing a room with Matt from now on, okay? Vivi and Mommy will stay in the other room.” 
“Okay.” 
The little rascal had completely recovered and was sitting in the backseat as he hugged his brand new pajamas. His cool features could not contain his excitement and contentment at that moment. 
His wish had always been that simple, and it was finally going to be fulfilled. 
When Sasha caught his smile through the rearview mirror, she couldn’t help feeling ecstatic as well. 
They soon reached the preschool and picked up the two other rascals., who were delighted when they got into the car and heard that their brother would be moving in with them. 
“Yay! I love having Ian staying with us!” 
Vivian had always been a lively and passionate kid, so she practically tackled Ian, wrapping her tiny, plump arms around him to welcome him in the warmest manner. 
Matteo was just as excited. 
However, he was still bothered by what had happened the previous night, so he held his brother’s hand and asked out of concern, “Ian, are you okay? What happened last night? Is it because—?” 
Ian already had his head lowered before Matteo could finish his sentence. 
His expression exuded a hint of guilt and panic as he did so. 
Upon noticing that, Matteo didn’t say anything.
So my speculation is spot-on. He was deliberately putting on an act to prevent Mommy and Daddy from getting a divorce… 
Matteo finally understood what had happened, and the way he looked at his brother changed instantly. For a moment there, he was filled with conflicting emotions. There was one thing that Matteo was certain of, though. 
He never blamed Ian for his actions. 
Silly kid… 
Matteo draped his tiny arm around his brother’s shoulder and comforted him, “It’ll be fine. I know you’re only doing this to prevent Mommy and Daddy from getting a divorce, so I don’t blame you at all.” 
Ian lifted his head upon hearing those words. 
“Really?” 
“Of course. That was also the issue I wanted to discuss with you when I called you earlier. I don’t want them to get a divorce either, so I wanted to brainstorm some ideas with you,” Matteo confessed to his brother in a low voice. 
Matteo’s words managed to put Ian at ease. 
After clearing all misunderstandings, the three kids resumed their usual playfulness. As always, Ian was sitting quietly like a young gentleman while Matteo and Vivian caused mayhem. 
About twenty minutes later, they arrived at the apartment complex. 
“I wanna hold Ian’s new pajamas! Give it to me!” 
“Then I’ll help Ian with his new slippers.”
“Alright, alright. I’ll take his blanket then. Shall we cook up a feast to welcome Ian?” 
Sasha couldn’t resist chiming in when she saw Matteo and Vivian fighting to help Ian carry his things. 
Ian’s lips curled up as well. He had never experienced that kind of happiness and warmth before. 
Seeing his mommy and siblings help him with his things prompted him to dash over to them and take back his toiletries. 
Sasha smiled as she watched her kids having fun. 
It was truly a happy and heartwarming scene. 
After they got into their unit, Sasha went to make the bed for her son, but she received a call before she could finish her task. 
“Hello?” 
“Madam, did you take Mr. Ian over to your place?” asked Luke. 
Sasha turned around and took a glance at her eldest son, who was playing with the bedsheet’s packaging with his siblings before she nodded. 
“Yeah, I did. What’s wrong? Did Sebastian ask you to take him back? If so, please tell him to let Ian stay here for the night. Ian’s mood is a little off, and spending the night here with his siblings can help him relax.” 
Sasha thought that Luke was calling because Sebastian wanted Ian home. 
However, Luke shook his head and replied, “That’s not it, madam. His aunt is here, and Mr. Hayes told me to fetch him back for dinner.”
“Who did you say has returned?” 
Sasha, who was busy making the bed, turned pale when she heard those words and froze in place like a statue. 
“His aunt, Ms. Sabrina. Have you forgotten about her, madam?” asked Luke. 
Luke assumed that Sasha didn’t remember, so he courteously reminded her over the phone. 
Ms. Sabrina? Of course I haven’t forgotten her. How could I? I will probably remember her existence even after I die. She is the first person who taught me what being stabbed in the back felt like. 
That was why Sasha remembered that woman, even after all those years. In fact, the mere mention of her name sounded like a nightmare to Sasha. 
Sabrina Hayes! 
Sasha’s gaze turned hostile as she replied, “Little Ian is busy today. He’s sick and can’t attend any social gatherings or parties.” 
After saying her piece, Sasha hung up the call. 
Luke was utterly speechless. 
Holy crap. That certainly went well. How am I going to explain all this to Mr. Hayes? 
Luke felt that things had gotten out of hand. 
But what he had not expected was that someone arrived at Sasha’s apartment right after she hung up the call. 
“Excuse me, is this Ms. Wand’s place? We’re here to pick Mr. Ian up.”
###Chapter 171
Chapter 171
They’re here for Ian? 
Sasha hurried out of the room immediately and demanded, “Who are you? Did Sebastian send you?” 
“No, you misunderstood, Ms. Wand. We’re here on behalf of Mr. Frederick Hayes. He wants to have a family gathering tonight since Ms. Sabrina is coming home, so he sent us over to pick the kids up.” 
The men were pretty courteous and introduced themselves in a polite manner before coming clean about their intentions. 
Sasha was left with no other choice. 
How am I supposed to reject when Frederick’s the one making the request? 
Hence, she begrudgingly returned to the room and packed her sons’ stuff. After that, she walked them out the door. 
“Matt, remember to listen to your grandpa and daddy, okay? You can also ask Ian for help if you face any problems.” 
Sasha was worried that her younger son would not be able to adapt well at the family gathering, so she nagged a little before they left. 
Sensing her worries, Matteo promised confidently, “I got it. You don’t have to worry, Mommy. I will take care of myself.” 
Even the usually quiet Ian took the initiative to hold his younger brother’s hand and declared, “I will keep him safe!” 
Hearing that finally got Sasha to calm down. She then watched as the kids were taken away.
Vivian had been watching from the side, and after both her siblings were gone, leaving only her mother and her at home, she couldn’t help tearing up a little. 
“Mommy…” 
“There, there, my precious. This is all my fault. I’ll cook your favorite drumsticks to make up for this, okay?” 
Sasha immediately went to pick up and coo the girl while walking into the kitchen. 
She couldn’t help but feel guilty toward her daughter who was left out. 
… 
At the Isles Hotel on Norham Isles. 
Sebastian only received the update about the change in location of the gathering when it was almost time for him to clock off. It’s so cold out there. Yet, Sabrina wants to have dinner on Norham Isles, which was only accessible through boats. 
“Has she f*cking lost her mind?” cussed Sebastian the second he learned of that news. 
Not daring to say another word, Luke kept his mouth sealed and waited until his boss got into the car before driving toward Norham Isles. 
What was Sabrina Hayes like? 
The truth was that anyone who worked in Hayes Corporation would know that Sabrina was a person whose name could get anybody’s scalp to tingle. 
Before Sebastian took over Hayes Corporation, Sabrina was the one who helped Frederick manage the enormous company whenever he fell ill.
That was when everyone at the office experienced firsthand the wicked side of that domineering woman, and to make matters worse, she was a control freak! 
In other words, anyone who got on her bad side could either obey her every command or end up in a miserable way. 
Unfortunately, Sasha was one of the people Sabrina didn’t like back then. 
Sebastian was on his way to Norham Isles when he received a text from Sasha. 
“Both Matt and Ian went to the party. Frederick sent someone to pick them up. Please look out for them, especially Matt. He had never been to a place like that and… met his aunt before, so pay extra attention to him.” 
Sasha only texted him for the kids’ sake. 
Dad sent someone to pick the kids up? I don’t remember inviting him to the party, so why is he going? 
Confusion flashed past Sebastian’s eyes, but he assumed that Sabrina was the one who sent the invitation, so he didn’t dwell on the matter. Putting his phone aside, he picked up the documents he brought with him. 
Forty minutes later on Norham Isles. 
What could have happened in forty minutes? 
Sebastian hadn’t had the chance to finish working on the documents he brought with him, and he wondered how many of them he had signed. 
Unfortunately, inside the luxurious hotel on Norham Isles, one of the two kids was already being interrogated like he was a murder suspect.
That kid was Matteo! 
“I will ask you one last time. What is your mother’s ulterior motive? Why did she come back? Tell me!” 
That voice was stern and merciless, unlike the tone an aunt should use to talk to her nephew. Moreover, her dark-colored make-up exuded a menacing vibe, which made her seem downright terrifying. 
Matteo’s tiny face turned even more pale. 
He was normally a cheerful and lively kid, but that night, he became so frightened that he couldn’t even speak. 
Is this really my aunt? Why is she so scary? 
Matteo was so terrified that his eyes reddened with tears. 
Meanwhile, Ian was locked out of the room, and he used his petite hand to bang on the door when he noticed that his brother had been in there for quite some time. “Open the door!” demanded Ian. 
“Mr. Ian, please stop banging on the door. Your aunt will let your brother out once she’s done asking some questions. I’m sure it will be soon.” 
The security guard responsible for guarding the door walked over to carry the kid away as he didn’t want the latter to disturb the interrogation process in the room. 
However, the smart boy saw through the security guard’s intentions and dodged in time. “Open the door!” growled Ian. 
“Mr. Ian…”
“You have three seconds. Open the door now, or I promise you won’t live to see the next sunrise!” threatened the furious little guy, resembling a mini version of Sebastian. 
His icy aura could make anyone shudder in fear. 
The kid was truly similar to his father in terms of both looks and demeanor. 
The security guard finally opened the door, and Ian rushed in immediately. 
However, it was still too late. All he saw was his brother crying and trembling uncontrollably in front of the scary woman. 
“Sabrina Hayes, leave him alone!” 
Ian was so angry that his eyes reddened. After picking up the ashtray on the table, he immediately tossed it at the vile woman.
###Chapter 172
Chapter 172
He was not afraid! 
In the Hayes family, the only person who could do whatever they like unrestrained, and still be able to get away with it scot-free, would have to be Ian. 
His aunt meant nothing to him. 
Once something struck his nerves, he would not care even if he had to tell it to his grandfather’s face! 
It had never crossed Sabrina’s mind that her nephew would suddenly attack her like that. She did not see it coming at all when an ashtray came flying towards her and hit her squarely on the arm with a thud. 
“Ian! What have you done? How dare you hit your own aunt!” 
“Get out!” 
Fuming, Ian yelled at Sabrina. Acting as Matteo’s protector, he came to his younger brother’s defense and shielded his tiny body firmly behind him. At the same time, his hands grabbed onto something else. 
As the bodyguard watched, beads of sweat were already dripping down his face. 
“Ms. Sabrina, let’s leave this place. Your life will be at stake if Mr. Ian throws the bowl at you,” the bodyguard said as he forcefully dragged the mad woman out of the room. 
Indeed, the bodyguard was right. Ian had chosen a bowl from the table as his weapon this time around. 
Ian was no pushover. Once triggered, there was really nothing the little boy would not do out of spite. If the bodyguard had not intervened, that bowl Ian was holding might have already smashed in Sabrina’s face.
Sabrina was eventually lugged out of the room, screaming all the way. 
As soon as the crazy woman was gone, silence fell in the private room once more. Ian instantly turned around to check on his younger brother. 
“Are you alright?” 
“I’m fine!” 
Matteo had recovered a while ago. 
He was frightened at first. He had never met such a scary woman. 
However, after Ian came to the rescue and then tossed the ashtray at the villain, Matteo was overjoyed. What’s there to be afraid of? Ian is here to protect me, isn’t he? Ian will beat the crap out of that mad woman! 
Matteo gazed at Ian admiringly. “Ian, you’re so awesome! Do you often have to beat up that woman at home?” 
Ian’s face turned stone-cold. “She doesn’t dare to mess with me!” 
Nice! 
In the end, Matteo did not take this matter to heart, because he knew that it had nothing to do with either Ian or Daddy, and everything to do with that sick aunt of theirs. 
And so, the two children left the place, hand in hand. 
Right at that moment, Sebastian arrived. 
“Sebastian, you’re finally here! Do you know that your son almost beat me to death back there?”
Sabrina, who had been waiting for her brother in the lobby, immediately stormed towards Sebastian when she saw him coming. She showed him her bruised arm and began bombarding him with angry complaints. 
Sebastian merely glimpsed at her injury. 
Sebastian certainly was not on good terms with his sister. Both of them were aggressive elites and yielded impressive achievements in their respective fields. Siblings like them definitely would not have fostered deep affection for each other. 
Furthermore, the two of them saw each other as a thorn in their side ever since an incident long ago. 
It happened when they were quite young. Sebastian’s illness had led Sabrina to believe that her brother was physically and mentally incapable. In the years after that, as she followed Frederick’s footsteps in taking charge of the Hayes Corporation, she had been reluctant to let go of the reins. 
She believed Sebastian was no longer qualified for the leadership position. 
“Why did he hit you?” 
Sure enough, Sebastian’s tone was icy cold even after he got a view of the bruise. 
Sabrina fired up at her brother’s reaction. “So this is your attitude? Regardless of what happened? Is that what you think, that an aunt deserves abuse from her nephew? Is that what you’ve been teaching your son over the years?” 
As soon as she said that, the man who had just entered the lobby turned to narrow his eyes at her. 
This was a sign of danger.
The bodyguard next to them took note and hurriedly stepped in to ease the situation. “Mr. Hayes, that… It’s like this. After Ms. Sabrina had the children picked up and sent here, since it was her first time meeting Mr. Matteo, she asked him some questions. Then Mr. Ian got angry at her.” 
“What did she ask?” 
“She asked young Mr. Matteo how he’s been doing these past few years. Apart from that…” 
“Cut the crap! She bullied Matt!” 
Just when the bodyguard was attempting to cover up for Sabrina, a raging, childlike voice suddenly echoed from the elevator, mercilessly cutting off the bodyguard’s explanation like the sharp edge of a sword. 
The bodyguard said not another word as he stood trembling on the spot, not even daring to lift his head. 
Ian and Matteo arrived at the scene. 
Sebastian’s eyes flitted to the two children stepping out of the elevator. He was amazed to discover that his eldest son, who used to be so painfully shy, was taking the lead this time. 
Gloomy solemnness and a chilly air shrouded the boy’s face. 
This little fellow knows how to protect his brother, huh. 
The corners of Sebastian’s thin lips curled upwards ever so slightly… 
“Daddy, she’s lying!”
Ian brought Matteo over to where the adults had gathered. He feared that his daddy would side with the bodyguard and Sabrina. In front of Sebastian, Ian raised his head and yelled out that line, still fuming. 
Sebastian nodded, not doubting his son one bit. “I know that. Is Matt hurt?” 
Matteo stepped out from behind his brother. “No, Daddy. I’m not hurt. But Aunt Sabrina…” 
Matteo’s eyes, clear and full of innocence, glanced worryingly at Sabrina, who was behind them. 
Sebastian acknowledged the irony of the moment. “There you have it, Sabrina. This is the kind of manners I teach my kids. As an aunt, do you have anything else to say?” 
“You—” 
Sabrina, the strong-willed woman, had never flushed such a dark shade of red so quickly in her life! 
It was like getting a hard slap in the face!
###Chapter 173
Chapter 173
She brought this onto herself. 
When she first came back, Sebastian had opted to let bygones be bygones since they had not seen each other in years. He even had a reception party arranged in honor of her. But she had to ruin it all. 
Who was to be blamed? 
In the end, she only had her strong desire for control to blame. 
She thought that, among the members of the Hayes family, she was the one in charge. She wanted to be involved in everything, including Sebastian’s personal matters. 
Little did she know that no one really took her seriously. 
Sebastian took the two children away without even stepping into the private room. 
Matteo, who had watched the whole thing from the sidelines, let out a sigh. “Daddy, where are we going to eat next? I’m starving.” 
He felt around his growling tummy. 
Sebastian cast a glance his way. He was about to suggest taking them into the city to eat whatever they want but Ian, who sat on Sebastian’s right side, spoke first, “Let’s go to Mommy’s house.” 
“What did you say?” Sebastian looked at him in surprise. 
Go to Mommy’s house? What does he mean by that? Everything’s going so well, why do they want to go there? 
The man was not aware that his eldest son, whom he raised on his own, had spent the whole day with Sasha. They had purchased a new blanket and other daily necessities, keen on settling down for the
long term. 
Matteo, on the other hand, responded quickly to Sebastian’s confusion. “Yes, let’s do that. Let’s go back to our place. Daddy, you should know, Mommy bought a lot of groceries today. If Ian and I hadn’t been taken elsewhere so suddenly, we would get to eat a lot more of Mommy’s cooking. Isn’t that right, Ian?” 
“Right.” 
Ian nodded without hesitation. 
Sebastian fell into silence. 
He did not like what he was seeing. 
So, has Sasha managed to bribe these brats into submission already? Seeing how they’re so supportive of her, why don’t I have the honor too? I’m their daddy, after all. 
Sebastian was not pleased. 
But in the end, after the trio returned to the city, Sebastian took them to Sasha’s apartment complex. 
… 
“Okay, Vivi. Here comes your favorite drumsticks!” 
The mother-and-daughter pair in the apartment unit had no idea that the two boys were coming back home with their daddy. Sasha had just taken out two freshly cooked chicken drumsticks from the oven. 
Vivian got excited at the sight of her favorite food. 
“Wow, it smells so nice! Thanks, Mommy.”
The little girl quickly picked up a fork and gobbled up the scrumptious meat. Next to her was a bowl of ravioli stuffed with shrimp meatballs that Sasha had made for her. The food was absolutely tempting. 
Her two sons were not here with them, so Sasha did not make a lot. The portion was just enough for her daughter and herself. 
Pleased with her daughter’s feedback about her cooking, Sasha went into the kitchen to get some for herself, only hers consisted of more ravioli and fewer meatballs. 
While the two were in the middle of dinner, the video intercom downstairs buzzed to life. 
Who can it be at this hour? 
Sasha put down her fork and went to answer the call. When she picked up the receiver, she was not expecting to see the image of her two boys on the screen! She was astonished because she had just sent them off just a while ago! 
“Little Ian? Matt? Why are you back so soon?” 
“Mommy, open the door quick! We haven’t eaten because we want to have dinner at home. Oh, we brought Daddy too.” 
Downstairs, Matteo, who was dressed in so many layers that he resembled a little bun, waved his hand at the camera and smiled at his mommy. Then, he yanked the tall figure standing behind him to appear on the screen as well. 
Sasha did not like what she was seeing. 
Instantly, she panicked at the sight of the figure on the screen.
What’s that kid thinking? Why have they come back so soon? And they’ve even brought their father with them! 
Sasha, annoyed, hung up the receiver and quickly returned to the living room. She wanted to tidy up the house as fast as she could, so that the figure on her mind would not feel repulsed when he entered. 
But when she walked into the living room, she realized there was nothing much to clean at all. 
Her apartment had always been tidy. 
So she resorted to putting away the tableware previously left on the table and placing them in the kitchen. She was discarding the last few items when her visitors arrived at the doorstep. 
“Mommy! Mommy! Open the door, we’re here!” 
“Is that you, Matt? Mommy, Matt’s home!” 
When Vivian, who was still dining at the table, heard her brothers’ voices, her eyes sparkled with delight. She swiftly forgot about her drumsticks as she leaped from her chair and ran as fast as her little feet could carry her to open the door for the boys. 
When the door swung open, there they were. Her two brothers were right outside. 
Vivian was overjoyed to see them. She was about to launch herself into their arms but stopped when she spotted a figure behind the boys. She looked up, and her marble-like eyes widened even more. 
Why… Why is Daddy here? 
Shocked, the little girl gave up the idea of engaging in cheeky banter with her brothers. She turned around and scurried back into the house, looking for Mommy.
Outside the door, Sebastian was taken aback by her reaction. 
Am I that scary? Vivi ran away when she saw me. Has she forgotten that I was the one who tied her hair this morning? 
The man who humbled himself to come here was disappointed by the turn of events. Regardless, he still stepped into the apartment unit along with his two sons. 
He stepped into a warm beam of light. 
That night, with the owner of the apartment unit at home, Sebastian who dropped by again with the same chilly aura, was finally not as gloomy and cold as the night before.
###Chapter 174
Chapter 174
Right after he entered the house, he felt warm light enveloping him, as well as the alluring smell of food in the air. Even though the size of the apartment was only a little smaller than sixty square meters, it was very comforting. 
What the heck? This dump is actually quite cozy. 
He strode into the apartment and sauntered over to the worn-out sofa. 
“Daddy, do you want some water? I can pour some for you,” Matteo offered sensibly. As soon as he reached home, he immediately thought of pouring a drink for his daddy. 
Sebastian accepted his offer, of course. 
At that moment, he took a seat on the sofa. As he waited for his son to get water for him, he took the time to examine this rundown apartment that was not even big enough for his bedroom. 
He came too late last night. There was no time to check out the place. 
When he woke up in the morning, it had been chaotic, and he missed the chance again. 
While the man sank into his thoughts, Sasha had already gone into the kitchen. She heard from her son that the three of them had not had their dinner yet, so of course she had to get them something to eat. 
But when she looked into the refrigerator, she found herself running short for ideas. 
“You… haven’t eaten either?” 
She stepped out of the kitchen, cast a glance at the man on the sofa, and asked him hesitantly.
Sebastian happened to be drinking water at that time. He turned when he heard her, and his gaze naturally fell on her person. 
How unsightly! 
She was wearing loose and baggy loungewear, with a large, long-eared hoodie at the back. Her shoulder-length short hair was not even combed properly. She simply tied it up with a polka-dotted hairband, revealing a plain-looking face without a bit of makeup on. 
Doesn’t she know how to keep up appearances? Has she forgotten that she’s the daughter of a noble family? What happened to basic grooming? 
Sebastian frowned. 
Strangely though, he did not find it out of place. 
On the contrary, when he saw her appearing before his eyes, his mind drew up a peculiar image. He came home very late one night and, when she suddenly opened the door for him, he saw bright, orange light shining at him from within. 
At that moment, he felt a sense of déjà vu. 
Sebastian arched his brows, “What do you think?” 
“Didn’t you go out for dinner? How is it that none of you has eaten at all?” 
“Something else came up. What’s wrong? There’s nothing left in the fridge?” 
“No, it’s not that…” 
Sasha quickly denied.
Of course she would not have run out of food. This was her house. She kept it well-stocked. She just wanted to confirm whether he really wanted to stay for dinner. 
And it seemed like she had gotten a definite answer. 
Sasha slipped back into the kitchen again and proceeded to worry about what she could make with the food in the refrigerator. 
The kids were easy to deal with. She had bought a lot of shrimps and pasta dough that afternoon just to make meatball ravioli for them. 
But that man was another story. He was a picky eater. He was not a fan of seafood, spicy food, and even Asian cuisine. So what could she make for him? 
Perhaps I should make him some rolls? 
Sasha was at a loss. 
And while she was thinking about the menu, she had even forgotten that their relationship was in a deadlock at the moment. Just two days ago, they were considering a divorce. She yearned so much for the day to come when she would have nothing to do with him anymore. 
Truthfully, there were times when people would deceive themselves. Once something went deep into the bones, even if they kept reminding themselves that they did not care of it at all, it was futile. 
In the end, Sasha made extra portions of meatball ravioli for Ian and Matteo, just like what she did for Vivian. 
As for Sebastian?
She made him a pot of vegetable broth and some homemade rolls, cut up evenly. In addition to that, she even had an orange peeled and served on the side, especially for him. 
“Dinner’s ready!” 
When the three kids finally saw food on the table, they all cheered, forks and knives already in their hands. 
Sebastian also came to sit at the table. 
When he saw the meal in front of him, he was dumbfounded. “Why is my food different?” 
Sasha explained, “There’s shrimp in the ravioli. You don’t eat seafood. So I didn’t make one for you.” 
She said it so casually. 
However, as soon as she said that, the man who was about to reach for his fork with his hand suddenly stopped. Then, he turned towards the woman, leveling a stern glare at Sasha with his pair of grim- looking eyes. 
Sasha realized it too late. 
Oh dear, I’ve misspoken. 
For a second, she panicked and broke out in cold sweat. 
She had been too careless. She was his ex-wife who had only been married to him for one year. And in that one year, they had only met once. How could she know this little fact about him? She was supposed to be a stranger to him.
Sasha’s face turned pale, and quickly racked her brains for an excuse. “I… I heard about it from your housemaids. Why? Did I say something wrong? Do you actually like them? If that’s so, I can make some for you.” 
With that said, she headed to the kitchen again. 
“No need. It’s true, I don’t eat seafood.” 
Sebastian finally spoke. Perhaps her explanation worked. 
Sasha let out a loose sigh at this point. Then, she sat down next to her children and dug in. 
This was the first time they sat down for dinner together at the same table as a family. It was not an easy feat. 
Sasha secretly observed the scene before her with a hint of sadness she had not known was there.
###Chapter 175
Chapter 175
Dinner lasted for over an hour. 
The meal might not be as rich as the food in hotels but, because it was entirely prepared by Sasha, the children showed their utmost support. They asked for seconds, even third helpings until they were completely stuffed. 
“Ian, do you like Mommy’s meatballs? It’s made from shrimp.” 
“Yes, I do!” 
Ian stabbed the last meatball with his fork and nodded without hesitation when Vivian asked him. 
The girl was happy to hear that. 
She was Mommy’s loyal fan. She would support her mommy no matter what. 
But when Vivian turned to look at Daddy to ask the same question, she was suddenly spooked by the look he had on his face as he stared longingly at the plate in front of him. Her face turned pale. She did not dare to say anything after that. 
What’s Daddy looking at? Why does he look so scary all of a sudden? 
It was as if Sebastian had just witnessed something unfathomable. Grave horror could be seen projected in those dark eyes of his! 
What’s up with Daddy? Does he not like Mommy’s cooking? 
The little girl had a bad feeling about it. 
Sasha did not notice that. She was doing the dishes in the kitchen. The children, after they finished their food, had left a pile of dirty dishes for her to clean.
Therefore, she was not in the mood to take note of him. 
If she had looked his way, she might not have stayed calm while she went about her duties. 
It was a long-standing habit of hers. Sebastian never liked peeling oranges himself. He did not like having the sweet, sticky feeling of orange juice stuck on his fingers. 
So, back then, whenever she went to see him in secret, she would peel an orange, cut them into several pieces, plant a toothpick on one of them, and slip the dish under his door while the Hayes family was away. 
How long have I been doing that? 
Sasha could not remember clearly. The first time she did it, she was in her first year of elementary school. By the time he was sent abroad, she had graduated from elementary school. 
As Sasha was doing the dishes in the kitchen, she thought about the promise she had made to their eldest son. She contemplated how she should tell Sebastian that Ian could stay here. 
“Little Ian, can you help me serve the grapes?” 
“Okay.” 
Ian, who had been playing with Matteo, immediately rose and went to the kitchen to help Mommy with the grapes. 
“Little Ian, listen to me. Although we have decided that you can stay here tonight, we still have to tell Daddy, alright? Can you please take these grapes to Daddy and tell him that?” 
Sasha felt like a coward for sending her eldest son out to confront Sebastian.
Of course, Ian would not expose Mommy’s true intentions. At the same time, he was happy to do what he was told. 
But when he brought the grapes out, he could not find Daddy in the living room. While he was wondering where Daddy could be, he noticed that the door to Mommy’s room was left open. 
Has Daddy gone into Mommy’s room? 
Ian approached the room with the grapes on a platter. 
Just as he thought! When Ian got to the door, he spotted Daddy inside. 
However, he was puzzled to see Daddy flipping through the books on Mommy’s study table like he was looking for something. Several books on Mommy’s table, which was usually so neat and tidy, had been turned over and strewn about. 
What’s Daddy doing? 
Ian stepped into the room. “Daddy, what are you doing?” 
Sebastian, who had been feverishly flipping through the books as though possessed, froze when his son called him. 
What am I doing? 
In fact, Sebastian was not sure himself. It could be that the idea he hatched just a moment ago had been so scary that he felt the urge to search for evidence. He could be wrong. 
But, what if he wasn’t? 
He looked at the medical book in his hands, lost in a daze. For a long time, he did not look away from the annotations scribbled on the pages inside.
“Daddy, I want to stay here for the night.” 
“What?” 
“I’m not going to leave you, but I like having Mommy, Matt, and Vivi by my side. I… I like how tonight turned out.” 
Ian tried his best to express what he really meant. 
Indeed, he had never thought about leaving Daddy, but he really enjoyed spending time in Mommy’s apartment that night. He had his mommy, his brother, and his sister here to keep him company. It was much better here than Royal Court One, where it was cold and lonely. 
Ian lifted his head and glanced hopefully at his daddy. 
In the past, whenever he made the request, Daddy might give him one of his dirty looks as an indication of disapproval. This time, surprisingly, after Ian waited anxiously for a response, his daddy did not oppose. 
“Got it. I’ll pick you up tomorrow.” 
“Okay…” 
The whole process went shockingly well. 
Ecstatic, Ian sprinted out of the room with the platter of grapes. He was in a hurry to tell Mommy the good news. 
Sasha, who was in the kitchen waiting for Ian to come back with an update, could not believe her ears as well. “Did Daddy really say yes?”
“That’s right, Mommy.” 
Under the bright lights of the kitchen, the little boy’s eyes shone so brightly that they might as well be glowing. 
Upon seeing those eyes glinting with excitement, Sasha concluded it must be true. She allowed Ian to resume playing with his siblings while she stayed to clean up the kitchen. After she was done, she left to check on her guests. 
“Hey… what happened to you? You don’t look so well.” 
As soon as Sasha arrived at the living room, she ran into Sebastian who had just come out of her bedroom. Within the span of ten minutes, that man seemed to have transformed into a totally different person. His face, drained of color, was scarily pale.
###Chapter 176
Chapter 176
Sebastian said nothing. 
But his gaze fell sternly and steadily on her face for the first time in so many years. 
When exactly did he start hating her? 
If he remembered correctly, when he was around the age of ten, the Wand family moved into town out of the blue. They were originally from the North. Soon after that, Mr. and Mrs. Wand brought Sasha, who was only five years old then, to meet the Hayes. Young Sebastian was told that the girl would be his future wife. 
At that time, a ten-year-old boy had yet to grasp the meaning of love. 
But, on that day, he saw with his own eyes how her parents rejoiced at the arrangement. The look of pleasure on their faces, and the way the little girl gawked at him… 
They filled him with disgust. 
He saw the clinging greed in their eyes. He saw the little girl’s idiocy. He hated them all. 
But later, the adults of the Wand family got really close to his father. They often dropped by for visits with little Sasha in tow. And whenever they came over, they would leave the foolish girl in his company. 
“Sebby, would you like an orange?” 
Young Sasha was actually very gentle, just like Vivian. 
Every time she came to visit the Hayes and met the handsome boy who never showed his emotions, she would always offer him her favorite candy. 
But Sebastian had never appreciated her kindness.
He did not like her, so naturally, he did not like everything else about her. He would snatch the candy from her, toss it on the ground, and then stomp on it a couple of times to get her to leave! 
Young Sasha’s eyes were always red and swollen, swimming with tears. 
She would go away in fear, but very soon she would come back again. She would observe him timidly, and from a short distance away. She was like a piece of sticky bubble gum that he could never seem to shake off. 
But, that had only been dislike. 
What really made him turn to hate her completely was that one time when he had an episode, and she happened to run into him. 
Back then, no one in the Hayes family knew about Sebastian’s condition. He did not confide in any of them. He was afraid that, once his family found out about him, they would take measures to control him or restrict his freedom. 
So, at that time, he secretly contacted his uncle who was living abroad and sought his aid. 
But on that day, the foolish girl saw him. She witnessed him lose control and strangle the family cat until it took its last breath. Consumed by terror, she quickly fled the scene to tell her parents. 
Subsequently, Sebastian was taken to the hospital by his parents. 
That was the beginning of his endless treatment. Even after he was taken home, he was kept in his room in virtue of the authoritative diagnosis by the hospital. He had not stepped out of the house for six whole years! 
It was not until six years later that his uncle finally managed to persuade his parents to send him abroad.
Therefore, saying that he disliked Sasha barely scratched the surface. 
For Sebastian, hatred had occupied the majority of his feelings towards the woman. If it had not been for her, his uncle might have secretly snuck him abroad to undergo treatment while his symptoms were still mild. 
Unfortunately, he had to spend six years in a living hell. All because of her. 
As if that was not enough, a most unbearable fate was waiting for him. When he finally got out of that painful abyss, he still had to marry her. 
How ironic! 
Sebastian stared at the woman in silence. His gaze was like a sharp sword, covered in dust for many years. How he wanted to cut her open right then and see for himself what was inside of her! 
Ever since the incident of that particular year, he never saw little Sasha again. 
However, the peeled orange he was served that night looked too familiar to him. Of course, he had been eating the exact same thing for the entirety of six terrible years. From the very beginning when he turned a blind eye to the fruit until the very last one, which appeared alongside a letter wrapped in a handkerchief. 
And so he ate. 
Because, on the letter, it said: Have something sweet to forget the bitterness in life. 
“What’s… gotten into you? Are you having second thoughts?” 
Sasha gulped.
She had never seen him look like this. The man had always worn his emotions on his sleeves in front of her. When provoked, he would fire up immediately; when obeyed, he would behave in kind. 
When has he gotten so calm? The stillness is mortifying! 
“No.” 
Sebastian finally spoke. He slowly retracted his gaze. For an instant, his thin lips turned pale and his voice raspy, as though lead and sand had coursed through his throat. 
Sasha was unnerved. 
What’s gotten into him? Why’s he behaving like his life has been sucked out of him? Has something come over him? 
Sasha might be puzzled by the man’s behavior, but when she heard that he was not having second thoughts, she was delighted. His personal troubles were not something she should bother with. 
“Okay, then. Relax, I’ll take good care of Ian. I’ll get him home when he’s ready to go back.” 
She assured him. 
Surprisingly, the man rejected her offer. 
“There’s no need for that. I’ll come get him.” 
After that, he resumed his usual arrogance and took big strides towards the door. 
Sasha saw that he was leaving, so she quickly called her children to see their Daddy off. When the man left the apartment, the four of them burst into excitement and shouted in joy.
“Yay! Little Ian’s staying here tonight! Hooray!” 
“Hooray!” 
“Hooray!” 
Only one person was quiet. 
Sebastian, who had forged a great distance between himself and the door, could still hear the cheers coming from inside. 
Are they that happy? 
He entered the elevator in a daze…
###Chapter 177
Chapter 177
Sebastian arrived at the parking lot. He got into the car and took a moment to calm himself before he pulled out his mobile phone. 
“Hey, this is Sebastian. Previously, I asked you to do a background check on Sasha Wand. How’s that going?” 
“Pardon?” 
Luke, who was jolted awake from his sleep in the middle of the night, answered the call, “Oh, Ms. Wand? Yes, I’ve managed to find some information about her.” 
“What have you found?” 
“It’s about her expertise in finance, Mr. Hayes. After graduating high school, it wasn’t that she failed the entrance exam, but she gave up the opportunity to study. She received an admission letter from the most famous School of Economics in Moranta! They offered her a place as a school-sponsored student!” 
Luke could barely contain his shock as he reported to Sebastian over the phone. 
This was mind-blowing indeed. No one would have thought that the daughter of the Wand family, the one who had been mocked by Avenport for an entire year for allegedly being too stupid for school, so much so that she had to marry into the Hayes family through sheer brazenness in order to continue living the lavish life… 
…turned out not to be the delinquent they thought she was. 
On the contrary, she was actually quite remarkable! 
School-sponsored student?
On the other end of the line, Sebastian was overwhelmed by the information he had just received. 
“Is there a mistake? How could she be school-sponsored?” 
“There’s no mistake, Mr. Hayes. I went to her high school and talked to her class teacher, who told me that herself. Apparently, we couldn’t find her school records anymore because she had completely written them off. Mr. Hayes, if you still find it hard to believe, I can head over to the School of Economics and look for the admission letter they sent to her all those years ago.” 
Luke heard only silence on the other end. 
There was no sound. At the moment, the man in the car had nothing to say. 
Sebastian just sat there, hands on the phone, while his pair of dark, intimidating eyes stared blankly ahead. A whirlpool of emotions had come over him, bringing him down. It was absolutely terrifying. 
There was no need to inspect further. 
Because she had already proven her financial talents in front of him several times. That was precisely why he instructed Luke to investigate. Also, there was Raymond’s mountain villa case to consider. 
Raymond’s family had almost gone bankrupt five years ago. They managed to rise from the ashes after working with that woman. That had been enough evidence for Sebastian to lay his doubts to rest. 
Once again, a plethora of emotions welled up within Sebastian! 
That wretched woman! Why on earth would she do this? Did she do all that just to marry him? Does she know how great the misfortune she has cast upon the Wand family by destroying her own future? If she had enrolled at the School of Economics back then, with her talents, she could absolutely revive the Wand family. Everything she’s done is preposterous!
Sebastian’s fingers holding onto the steering wheel turned pale. The new knowledge left him totally disoriented. It was all unacceptable to him. 
From his perspective, only an idiot would do something like that. 
Just like she was as a child! 
But, why had he hated her so much over the things she did as a child, yet when he received these new chunks of information, he did not feel the same anymore? 
Instead, he felt a gush of irrepressible anxiety. 
If he continued to pursue the case, it might actually validate the absurd idea that had flashed across his mind just a while ago in Sasha’s apartment. That, to him, was absolutely unacceptable. 
“Mr. Hayes? Are you alright?” 
Luke asked cautiously when he had not received any response from Sebastian for quite some time. 
Sebastian did not catch on immediately. 
For a long time, he remained seated in his car, surrounded by darkness, before he found his voice again. “What else?” 
“Nothing much, really. But I managed to find the person who helped her fake her death back then.” 
“Who was it?” 
“It’s the doctor in charge of her prenatal examination. Name’s Dr. Kaye. It turns out she and Mrs. Wand are close friends. After Ms. Wand’s incident, it was Dr. Kaye who helped arrange for Ms. Wand and her kids to leave the country.”
Luke sent details of Dr. Kaye’s personal information to his boss’ email address as he spoke. 
On the other side, Sebastian lowered his phone and clicked on the e-mail. 
Indeed, Dr. Kaye was a middle-aged woman, but he did not know her. 
Her mother’s close friend? Then, this doctor must know a lot about Sasha, right? Since Sasha had been willing to entrust her life to her. 
Sebastian stared at the document for some time. Eventually, he took out the torn page from a notebook he had been carrying and, using his phone, took a photo of that piece of paper before sending it to Luke. 
“Take this to Dr. Kaye. Ask her if Sasha’s left anything of the sort at her place. And if she has, bring me everything!” 
“Pardon?” 
Luke, who had been interrupted by a phone call from his boss in the middle of the night, was stupefied upon receiving the photo. 
What’s this? A page from a notebook? Where did he get this? It looks like annotations from a medical journal. What does he want these for? I thought he wants to know more about Ms. Wand’s financial talents. So why is Mr. Hayes suddenly interested in this? 
Luke could not make heads or tails of it all. 
But he did not question further. He thought Mr. Hayes wanted to find out about Sasha’s sudden expertise in medicine. After all, the woman had changed so much. She might just be a Jill of all trades. 
Luke hung up the phone. He decided he would pay Dr. Kaye a visit first thing in the morning.
Unbeknownst to him, his boss wanted to dig through all the information he could get just to gain further confirmation on one thing! 
Sebastian returned home that night. 
Then, from his study, he took out a pile of letters that had been sealed off for as long as he could remember, opened the first one, laid it flat on the table, and examined it for the longest time.
###Chapter 178
Chapter 178
Sasha was not aware that her careless mistake that night had put her at risk of exposure. 
That night, she and the children had a ball during the time spent together. 
The next day. 
She had to go to work, so she woke the kids up early in the morning and sent them to preschool. 
“Mommy, are you picking us up later in the afternoon?” 
“Of course.” 
At the preschool entrance, Sasha gently squatted down in front of her children. She straightened out their clothes and caps to prevent them from catching a cold. 
The three children were delighted to hear that their mommy would be picking them up after school. 
Ian asked, “Is Daddy coming?” 
The question stunned Sasha. “What?” 
Why does he mention Daddy all of a sudden? Does he want Daddy to fetch them? 
Sasha looked at her eldest son quizzically. 
Just then, Matteo interrupted. “Oh! Mommy, what Ian means is, can Daddy come to our house for dinner? We’re not in Frontier Bay anymore. He’ll be so lonely at home. He might even lose his appetite.” 
Sasha tried to process what she had just heard.
For a while, she said nothing as she turned to look at Matteo. His palm-sized face was flushed red all the way from the base of his ears. 
These two scoundrels… 
In the end, she agreed. She promised her children that if their father came, she would not drive him away. 
The kids strolled happily into the preschool after hearing that. Once inside, they discussed among themselves. Later in the afternoon, when school was out, Ian would call Daddy first. He would make up an excuse to get him to fetch them from preschool. 
They were so smart! 
… 
Half an hour later, at the hospital. 
“Dr. Nancy, you’re here. You weren’t on duty yesterday. There are several special cases waiting for you.” 
“Alright, I’m coming.” 
As Sasha went into her consultation room to change into her uniform, she let the nurse who followed her inside place the medical records on the table. 
Due to her good reputation, the hospital has made great efforts to promote her services to the public ever since her arrival. After joining the team, she had treated quite a number of patients too. So, gradually, many more of them had specifically requested to see her. 
Sasha put on her white coat and, after washing her hands, sat down at her desk.
“Wait a minute, who are you? You need an appointment to see Dr. Nancy. You can’t simply barge in here!” 
She picked up the first medical record and was about to read it when, suddenly, she heard a quarrel coming from outside. 
What’s happening? 
She whipped her head around to see what was going on. 
Right at that moment, the door to the consultation room swung open from the outside with a loud, violent kick. Bang! 
“You!” 
“Sasha! You think you’re a big shot around here, huh? It’s so difficult just to get a chance to see you!” 
A mean and fierce-looking woman with neatly combed hair charged into the room. Even her makeup looked aggressive. When the woman spotted Sasha, she stared daggers at the doctor with an air of dismissive arrogance, arms folded over her chest. 
Sabrina! Why’s she here? 
The color drained from Sasha’s face as she began to panic. 
She could not help it. This woman was a major source of her trauma. She was like the devil in human form. Back then, while Sasha was still living with the Hayes, if it had not been for Frederick, she would have been tortured to death by Sabrina a long time ago. 
“Ho, you’re not afraid of me now, I see. Not too shabby. It’s been five years, hasn’t it? Looks like you’ve learned a thing or two.”
Sabrina glanced at Sasha condescendingly and realized that the woman was not hiding from her anymore. Those eyes even had the gall to look her in the face now. Sabrina let out a melodramatic cackle. 
Sabrina reached a hand out in an attempt to pat Sasha on the head, the way she would commend a dog that had learned a new trick. 
Sasha’s expression grew dark instantly! 
It was like returning to those nightmarish days. Her body began to tremble as the images of her past abuse flashed across her mind one after another. 
Sasha just sat there. She did not give Sabrina consent to touch her. But her breath hitched, her arms shivered in fright, and her whole person seemed to have lost consciousness. She could not move at all. She could only look despairingly at the revolting arm approaching the top of her head. 
This was how a person would react after having experienced extreme trauma. 
She was already convulsing. Immersed in great pain, she could not respond to anything. 
Luckily, there was a nurse present. Sensing something amiss, the nurse rushed into the room. “What do you think you’re doing? Dr. Nancy’s working right now. If you cause any trouble, I’m calling the police!” 
The nurse stepped in between the two, blocking Sasha, before shoving the vengeful woman aside. 
Sasha went numb. 
For one fleeting moment, she collapsed as though she had been drained of energy. The pen she had been holding fell onto the table with a thud.
Sabrina gained great satisfaction from the scene she had witnessed. 
“That’s more like it. I didn’t think you would have changed much. That’s all you can manage, isn’t it? Whatever. Since you’re so well-behaved, I won’t argue with you for now. I’ll get someone to pick you up at midnight.” 
After expressing her satisfaction, the woman actually told Sasha that she would get someone to pick her up later that night.
###Chapter 179
Chapter 179
Why is she picking me up? 
Sasha’s lips were pale when she spoke, “What are you picking me up for?” 
Sabrina smiled coldly. “What do you think the reason is? Sasha, even though you were able to fool my father and brush things aside with Sebastian, you’ll never be a part of the Hayes family.” 
As Sasha stared at that woman, her mind started to wonder if she really was mentally unstable as words on the street had allegedly claimed. 
“I become a part of the Hayes? Ms. Hayes, are you even aware of the situation? Do you know how I came back here in the first place?” 
“Of course I do. Sebastian was the one who dragged you back here, right? So what? In the past, you also claimed that you got married into the Hayes family because you loved Sebastian, but in the end, it turned out that you had your own agendas.” 
No one had expected that she would bring up the past again. 
While Sabrina stared at her with eyes full of hatred, Sasha could not contain her rage anymore. 
“What nonsense are you talking about? What agendas can I possibly have?” 
“What agendas? Don’t you know it yourself? In order to marry Sebastian, you gave up on your reputation, future, and even the Wand family. So tell me, what is the reason then? Was it really because of love?” 
She was vicious like the devil. Every single word that came out of her mouth stung Sasha, and it felt like a knife was piercing into her old wounds.
As Sasha stared at the woman, her eyes became bloodshot. 
It was true that she did not do it purely for love. After all, no woman would give up on everything just because she loved a man. 
There were so many other important goals in a person’s life, for example, taking care of one’s parents, making one’s family proud, and carrying out one’s responsibilities. 
Therefore, she didn’t think that a woman in her right mind would give up on herself for a man. 
However, she did it just that in the end. In order to marry him, she sacrificed the future of the entire Wand family, including her own. But now, she couldn’t help asking herself what she did all that for. 
“I actually admire you a lot. In order to make it up to my brother, you’ve given up so much. Hence, I never intended to take your life. As long as you leave the children here and let me send you off to a place where no one will ever find you, then you’ll be able to atone for your sins. Don’t you think that’s a great idea?” 
With a smug expression, Sabrina glared at the woman like a tiger looking at its prey. 
While she spat out those words, she looked at her freshly manicured black fingernails. It was as if she was admiring a fine piece of artwork. 
It was as if time had stood still. 
The entire consultation room fell into a dead silence after she had uttered those words. 
The nurse who was standing between both of them suddenly felt fearful as she noticed that Sasha wasn’t trembling anymore. With that, the room’s atmosphere abruptly became abnormally still. 
“D-Doctor?”
“You may leave the room now,” Sasha stated composedly. 
Upon hearing that, the nurse glanced at the two women apprehensively, then scurried out of the room. 
Click. 
The consultation room’s door locked from the inside. 
Sabrina, who was busy admiring her nails, suddenly froze and asked, “What are you doing?” 
After brushing a few strands of hair in front of her eyes to the side, Sasha pulled out the chair that she was previously sitting on. 
“Do you know how I spent those five years abroad?” 
“What do you mean?” 
Sabrina finally put down her hand and looked Sasha in the eye. To her surprise, she noticed that the woman was acting rather differently than before. 
“The first year I was abroad, I had to work casual jobs while bringing up my children because they were very young. Then one day, the owner of the restaurant I was working at tried to take advantage of me, so I picked up a stack of bowls and smashed them on his head!” 
Sasha continued, “In the second year, since my children were a bit older, I entrusted them to my landlady, but she tried to sell them to child traffickers. After I managed to find her, I cut off all the tendons in her arms and legs, causing her irreparable injuries. And in the third year…” 
“Enough! What are you trying to say, Sasha?”
Sabrina’s face took on a ghastly expression as she couldn’t bear listening anymore. With an abrupt yell, she interrupted Sasha furiously. 
At that moment, she didn’t even notice that she had already taken a few steps back. 
You don’t want to hear any more? But I haven’t even finished yet. 
Staring at her with bloodshot eyes, Sasha exuded a murderous aura that had not appeared in a long time. At the same time, she dragged the chair and took another step forward. 
“What’s wrong? Can’t bear to listen to it anymore? Didn’t you want the children? Listen to what I have to say. If you’re able to walk out of here alive, I’ll give you the children.” 
Her lips finally curled up into a smile. That was the first time she smiled so brightly in front of the woman who had tormented her for six whole years. 
Traces of fear suddenly appeared in Sabrina’s eyes.
###Chapter 180
Chapter 180
She had never seen Sasha smiling in front of her. 
The moment she saw the latter’s menacing smile, the hair on her neck stood up, and her entire body was covered in goosebumps. Sabrina had always looked down on Sasha, but right then, she was terrified like never before as Sasha started approaching her. 
“What did you say? Say that once more!” 
“I said, over my dead body!” 
Upon saying that, Sasha flung the chair toward her. Smash! The chair immediately broke into pieces the moment it landed on the defenseless woman. 
“Ah!” 
“Don’t shout. It sounds horrible! You’re the precious daughter of the Hayes family. It wouldn’t be good if word got out that you were beaten up by your ex-sister-in-law here.” The moment Sabrina started screaming, Sasha hurried over and covered her mouth. 
Immediately after, she took a needle out of her pocket and swiftly stabbed it into her nape. 
“Dr. Nancy? Are you alright?” 
Just as she lay the woman down on the ground, the nurse had already brought some people along with her. Unable to detect any movements in the room, she anxiously yelled from the outside. 
When Sasha heard that, she did not panic in the slightest. 
She proceeded to remove the needle first, then dragged the woman and lay her on the bed. After she kicked the broken pieces of the chair under the bed, she walked over and opened the door.
“Dr. Nancy? You…” 
“Everything’s fine. She’s a former patient of mine who has some mental problems, and I’ve just calmed her down. Why don’t you contact the psychiatric department and see if there’s a room?” Sasha uttered flatly. 
Immediately after hearing that, the doctors, who had been called over to help out, gawked at her in amazement. 
“My God, Dr. Nancy, that’s incredible. You’re even able to handle a psychiatric patient.” 
“I told you so. When I saw her earlier, I knew that the woman didn’t seem normal. She even wanted to assault Dr. Nancy.” The nurse joined in the discussion. 
Soon after, they went to inform the psychiatric department. Moments later, Sabrina was carried out of Sasha’s consultation room, and peace was restored once again. 
In fact, Sabrina was considered lucky this time around. 
Back in the days when Sasha was in Clear, anyone who bullied her and her children would face a tragic outcome. 
That was why there was a famous saying, “Never threaten a mother with her child.” 
With that, Sasha resumed her work in the hospital and didn’t mention Sabrina at all for the rest of the day. 
… 
At Hayes Corporation. 
That afternoon, Sebastian received Dr. Kaye’s notebooks from Luke.
“Mr. Hayes, everything is here. Dr. Kaye even said that it was all her idea to fake Ms. Wand’s death back then. She wishes that you won’t make things difficult for her. You can go directly to her if you’re dissatisfied.” 
As Luke brought over the notebooks, he even relayed the doctor’s words to him. 
The fact that the doctor owned up to that matter proved that his suspicions were right. There was definitely something fishy between that woman and the doctor. 
Sebastian picked up the notebooks and began to read them one by one. 
They were all medical study notes, and there was a total of seven or eight books. However, the contents were all messily scribbled, which differed from her neat and tidy finance notes. 
It seemed that she had a tough time learning all this knowledge. 
“Oh, by the way, that doctor even said that Ms. Wand wasn’t really good at this. Back then, when she was pestering the doctor to teach her, there were many things she wasn’t able to understand, especially psychology.” 
“Psychology?” 
Sitting at his desk while flipping through the notebooks, Sebastian suddenly lifted his head. 
Luke nodded. “Yes, psychology. She said that Ms. Wand was hellbent on learning this. However, she wasn’t fit for this field as she couldn’t master it no matter how much the doctor taught her.” 
Luke pointed at the bottom half of the stack of notebooks. 
Sebastian was speechless.
Suddenly, he didn’t feel like going through those notebooks because he noticed that the one in his hand was from her high school days, and the handwriting in it was very similar to the ones he had laid out on the table last night. 
Those were ten years of letters. 
From the six years he had been locked up at home to the time he went abroad, he would send anonymous letters to his uncle every month, which meant he had been sending them since he was in primary school. 
Hence, he sat there motionlessly, lost in his thoughts. So it seems that my speculation was right. 
I have never truly escaped her! 
Even though it was all grey outside on that winter morning, the penthouse suite was well lit up. However, as he sat there with the lights flickering in his eyes, he exuded a frightening aura, as if a storm was brewing in him. 
The atmosphere in the entire office was suffocating. His gaze was fixated on a spot while he experienced a mixture of emotions, despair, anger, hatred, and murderous intent! 
What is happening to him? 
Why has he suddenly become so scary? 
Luke was terrified, and he didn’t dare to make a sound. All he could do was stand there and stare at Sebastian.
###Chapter 181
Chapter 181
After having dealt with Sabrina in the hospital, Sasha had a pretty pleasant day. 
It was four o’clock in the afternoon, and she needed to go and pick up her children. 
“Sorry, but I have to leave first. Could you please help me take over this patient for the time being? I’ll see if it’s possible for surgery when I come to work tomorrow.” 
Sasha notified the doctor on duty before she left because she had an emphysema patient who needed an operation. 
The doctor took the medical record and nodded. 
“Alright, Dr. Nancy. However, why would you be in charge of this type of patient? Since you’re in TCM, you won’t be much help if surgery is needed, right?” 
“I was told that the patient is allergic to anesthesia, so Mr. Jackson has arranged for me to administer his anesthesia during surgery.” 
Sasha explained to the doctor while taking off her white coat. 
Cases like that happened quite frequently. Since some people were allergic to anesthesia, the hospital could only come up with a different solution to anesthetize them. 
Furthermore, TCM’s acupuncture was undoubtedly the best there is. 
Upon leaving the hospital, Sasha got into a cab and went to pick up the children from the preschool. 
What am I going to cook tonight? 
On the way there, she began brainstorming what to prepare for dinner that night. After all, it wouldn’t only be the three of them having dinner anymore.
However, when she arrived at the preschool and picked up the three little ones, she realized that they looked rather dejected. 
“What’s wrong with the three of you? Why do you look so gloomy?” Sasha asked curiously. 
While they were finding the right words to say, the quick-witted Matteo spoke up first, “Let’s not get discouraged yet. Daddy only said he didn’t have time. Maybe he’ll be free tonight when he gets off work?” 
“That’s true,” Vivian responded in agreement with Matteo. 
After hearing that, Ian was in a better mood. Then, the three children followed their mother home happily. 
“My darlings, what do you feel like having for dinner?” 
“I want to eat fish! Mommy’s delicious and freshly steamed fish!” 
“Um… I want to eat ribs, pork ribs. Remember to add more sugar, Mommy.” 
The four of them then went to the supermarket. The moment they heard Sasha’s question, they started chattering away happily. 
Seeing that, Sasha smiled as she attentively took note of their requests. 
However, she noticed that one of the children wasn’t talking much, and it was Ian who was born with a silver spoon. 
This little one might not have a clue about all this. 
Sasha lowered her head to look at the little guy who was also carrying a small basket. Seeing his siblings rambling on about what they wanted at the vegetable section, Ian became anxious as he did
not have the slightest clue about food. 
Thinking that it was rather adorable, she asked, “Little Ian, what do you feel like eating? Perhaps I’ll cook clams with vermicelli for you, is that alright?” 
Along with the children, she arrived at the seafood section and pointed toward the clams that were actively spitting bubbles. 
Ian’s big eyes instantly lit up as he replied, “Alright!” 
He nodded his head in approval. 
After she had chosen a few fresh clams, she brought them to the weighing counter. 
Once they were done with their grocery shopping and were ready to leave, Ian suddenly tugged her arm and asked, “What about Daddy?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was stunned. 
His daddy? 
Her heart jolted for a moment as a hint of uneasiness crept up her face. Frankly, she wasn’t too keen on having that man come to her apartment for meals again. 
Wasn’t it awkward enough last night? 
However, Ian was gazing at her eagerly, so they went to pick up a piece of premium steak from the meat section eventually. 
“Alright, we have bought some for Daddy as well. Let’s go home.”
“Alright!” 
Ian finally nodded his head cheerfully. 
A few hours later, Sasha stared at the plate of steak that had gone cold on the dining table and couldn’t help but feel slightly disappointed. 
She had gone through a lot of trouble to fry that piece of steak. But it ended up being a waste of seasoning, cooking oil, and natural gas. 
After Sasha had put away the used plates and cutlery, she picked up the steak and dumped it into the trash can without hesitation. 
Matteo and Ian were stunned. 
Even Vivian, who had always been clingy to her mother, pouted her lips and quietly went to watch cartoons when she felt the latter’s sudden change in mood. 
That evening, the atmosphere in the apartment wasn’t as joyful as the previous night. 
When it was time to go to bed and the lights were turned off in the nursery, Matteo crawled into Ian’s bed and started complaining, “What’s going on? Why didn’t Daddy come tonight?” 
Ian was at a loss for words. 
He couldn’t come up with an explanation as well, so he just sulked. 
Upon seeing that, Matteo let out a sigh and said, “Forget it. We should come up with another plan. I guess Daddy might really be busy. By the way, I heard people in the preschool talking about a holiday today.” 
“What?”
While chatting in the dark, Ian didn’t seem to understand what his brother meant. 
Suddenly, Matteo smiled wryly next to him and uttered, “I know what to do. We can ask the preschool to organize some fun activities and invite all the parents to come. Hehe!”
###Chapter 182
Chapter 182
The little one grinned smugly in the dark. 
It was true that in order for his father and mother to reconcile, there was no better way than getting them to spend some time together. 
Satisfied with his solution, he fell into a slumber. 
However, little did they know that their plans could not catch up with unforeseeable events as something happened to their father and mother the very next day. 
“Ms. Wand, are you at work?” 
Luke had called Sasha while she was on the way to the hospital. 
Upon hearing that, she nodded and replied, “I’m just about to arrive at the hospital. Is something wrong?” 
“Well, yes. It’s…” 
Luke suddenly stammered, “It’s just that the President told me to inform you to go to the civil affairs office.” 
“What did you just say?” 
Sasha, who had just arrived at the hospital’s entrance, closed the car door swiftly while thinking that something was wrong with her hearing. 
Civil affairs office? What is he saying? 
Sasha was stunned as it all happened too abruptly. What did he mean?
The moment she entered the hospital, Luke uttered over the phone, “Didn’t you ask for a divorce? Mr. Hayes said that he could take some time off work today…” 
Sasha finally understood. 
She immediately stopped in her tracks with her cell phone in her hand. With a buzz in her head, her mind blanked out as she froze on the spot. 
Divorce! 
So he had asked his assistant to call me early in the morning for a divorce. 
That’s right. Didn’t I want to divorce him too? 
She had agreed to it herself that day at the Hayes residence, and the Hayes family’s household register was still in her bag. 
At that thought, Sasha finally calmed down. 
It was as if her body was only left with numbness after experiencing a devastating trauma. Her face was cold and expressionless while she stared ahead blankly. Then she forced a smile and said, “Alright, but I have to perform an operation first. I’ll go over after I’m done.” 
“Alright.” 
Luke didn’t dare to continue the conversation. As soon as he heard that she had agreed, he immediately let out a long sigh and hung up the phone. 
Sasha wasn’t the only one who got a shock. In fact, he was also taken aback the moment he received that instruction in the morning.
He didn’t understand how things ended up like this for both of them. When he accompanied his boss to look for Sasha in Erihal previously, wasn’t he still very much in love with her? 
He remembered that night when she came out running and collapsed on the road, his boss went after her and carried her in his arms. Although the man was in a panic, his expression was filled with joy and relief. He was certain of that. 
Furthermore, he had been treating her well all this time. 
From the moment she was brought back, there were many times when he was exceptionally tolerant with her, even more than his own fiancée, Xandra. 
Why did that suddenly change? 
Luke found it difficult to comprehend. 
He entered the office while holding his cell phone. When he saw that nobody was in the office, he could only send another message: Mr. Hayes, I’ve already told her, and she agreed to it. She will go over after she’s done with work. 
Right after that, he put down the cell phone. 
… 
By the time Sasha arrived in the consultation room, she had regained her composure. After changing her clothes, she walked toward her table and picked up the medical record book that was placed on it. 
“Dr. Nancy, you’re here. The emphysema patient is ready for surgery, and Dr. Jones says that we can wheel him into the operating theater at half-past eight.”
Once the internal medicine nurse saw Sasha, she hurried over to inform her that the surgical team was waiting for her. 
Sasha nodded slightly and took out the medical kit from her desk. 
Since she started working at the hospital, she had kept her medical kit there instead of carrying it around because she frequently used it. 
“Oh, by the way, Dr. Nancy, the woman we sent to the psychiatric department yesterday ran away. She told the medical staff there that she was the eldest daughter of the Hayes family and created a ruckus too.” 
On the way out, that nurse suddenly mentioned the matter to Sasha. 
Sabrina ran away? That’s good then. She would be thrilled after finding out that I have divorced her brother and stop showing up in front of me. 
The corners of Sasha’s lips curled into a smirk as she made her way to the internal medicine surgeon with her medical kit. 
Ten minutes later in the operating theater. 
It wasn’t Sasha’s first time performing surgery. Her acupuncture technique was impressive, and even those people in Clear had witnessed her miraculous work before. So, whenever anesthesia wasn’t an option, she would be asked to replace the anesthesiologist instead. 
Therefore, Sasha was calm as usual during the surgery. 
However, when she took out a fine needle and poked it into the acupoint of the patient, she felt that something was amiss as the patient twitched a little.
“Dr. Nancy?” 
“Don’t worry. The patient might have swelled up too much, and as a result of that, the acupuncture points have shifted. Let me try again.” 
Hearing the doctors next to her raise their concerns, she composed herself and quickly explained to them. After that, she pulled out the needle immediately. 
But when she held the needle the second time, she started getting anxious. 
She thought that it might be due to her lack of focus. 
In fact, even though she tried her best to maintain her composure after the phone call earlier, her mind was already in turmoil.
###Chapter 183
Chapter 183
Sasha, get a grip of yourself! 
He’s just a man. It’s no big deal! Even without divorcing, were you able to win his heart all these years? 
She scolded herself silently. Then with a deep breath, she forced herself to focus once more. When she bent down this time, her hand wasn’t shaking anymore. 
Fortunately, everything went smoothly on her second attempt, and the patient fell into a deep sleep after she had administered the needles. 
Upon seeing that, the main surgeon gave her a thumbs-up as an acknowledgment, and everyone proceeded with the surgery. 
With that, Sasha stepped aside and was getting ready to head out. 
Beep. Beep. 
The patient’s heart monitor suddenly went off. 
Sasha turned around immediately and saw the doctors getting anxious. “What’s going on?” 
“Dr. Jones, the patient’s blood pressure suddenly dropped drastically.” 
“Did we injure the patient somewhere? Quickly check it out!” the main surgeon instantly exclaimed, and they examined the patient’s abdominal cavity immediately. 
However, the bizarre thing was that there wasn’t any sign of bleeding in the abdomen. 
Since that is the case, why has the patient’s blood pressure decreased rapidly? 
There was only one remaining possibility.
Everyone shifted their gaze to the left side of the patient’s chest and stared in disbelief as they noticed that the exposed heart that was beating lively a moment ago had now slowed down. 
Why is this happening? 
The main surgeon immediately stopped the surgery and ordered someone to pass him a cardiac stimulant. 
Right at that moment, the patient started having convulsions, shocking everyone present. 
It was as if a cooking pot was overturned. With the patient’s abdominal cavity opened up, his exposed organs started to move and shift as his entire body shook due to the convulsions, and the gory scene was utterly disturbing. 
In the end, a loud bang filled the entire theater as the operating table collapsed when it could no longer withstand the pressure exerted by the patient anymore. As the patient fell to the ground, his organs spilled out and scattered all over the floor. 
It was a truly horrifying scene. 
Sasha was completely dumbfounded while she stood in one corner. Meanwhile, the few frightened nurses, who screamed upon seeing such a bloody scene, dropped whatever was in their hands and dashed out of the operating theater. 
“Someone come quickly! Help!” 
In just a few minutes, the entire internal medicine department was in chaos. 
Sasha was completely dumbfounded and panic-stricken, especially after she saw some unknown organ splattered next to her foot.
Her head buzzed as her mind went completely blank. 
This is too horrifying! What’s happening? 
Sasha’s thoughts were muddled until she heard someone calling her name. After she came to her senses and looked up, she realized it was someone from the hospital’s investigation department. 
“Dr. Nancy. Regarding this accident, we found out that you were the one who was administering that patient’s anesthesia.” 
“No. It wasn’t me…” 
Sasha was still in shock, so she immediately denied it. 
However, the head of the investigation department quickly produced evidence to prove that she was the one responsible for the patient’s tragic death. It turned out that Sasha’s needle had caused the blood vessels in his heart to harden. 
Therefore, the patient’s death was caused by Sasha indeed. Upon hearing that, she fainted and fell to the ground. 
… 
It was almost ten o’clock at night when Sebastian received the news. 
That day, instead of going to the civil affairs office himself, he told Luke to go with his identification card and marriage certificate. After that, he left for Avenport to attend a trade summit. 
After all, his divorce was insignificant compared to his business. 
However, he did not receive any news from Luke that day. Instead, Ian gave him a call when it was almost ten o’clock at night.
“Daddy?” 
“Hm?” 
“Why did you ask Aunt Sabrina to bring us back to the Hayes residence?” Ian asked angrily. 
Sebastian was stunned for a moment. 
Back to the Hayes residence? Sabrina? 
He did not understand what his son was saying. “I did not ask Aunt Sabrina to bring you back there. What’s the problem? Aren’t you with Mommy?” 
“No, we are at the Hayes residence!” Ian grunted. He was evidently very upset. 
However, he wasn’t able to express his feelings well as he was usually taciturn, which made his speech development significantly below the norm of the other children. 
Sebastian furrowed his brows. 
As he put away the documents in his hand, he decided to make a phone call to gain a clearer understanding of the situation. 
The moment Luke picked up the call, he immediately burst into tears. “Mr. Hayes, you finally called. Did you know that something serious has happened?” 
“What?” 
Sebastian took a glance at his phone and realized that it was set to Do Not Disturb mode without his knowledge. 
“What happened?”
“Ms. Wand… Ms. Wand is in deep trouble. The patient who underwent the operation died. And now, all the hospital’s evidence points to her, saying that she killed that patient. She is now being detained at the police station!” 
Luke explained as he sobbed.
###Chapter 184
Chapter 184
It was a tough day for Luke. At first, he waited a long time for Sasha and had to search high and low for her in the hospital, but in the end, he received that shocking news. 
They told him that Sasha had killed a patient during surgery in the morning because she made a mistake. After the patient died a horrific death on the operation table, his family made a scene, and the police had no choice but to bring her to the police station. 
Upon hearing that Sasha was taken to the police station, Luke immediately went there. 
However, what drove him mad was that the police weren’t willing to release her unless Sebastian turned up. 
But no one was able to get a hold of him through the phone for the entire day. 
“Mr. Hayes, I was even thinking of going over to Summerbank to find you if you still weren’t reachable. How could Ms. Wand stand being in the police station? After all, she’s a delicate lady, Mr. Hayes…” 
Luke was choking back tears while uttering the last sentence. 
On the other hand, Sebastian remained silent. 
It was something he hadn’t expected at all. 
In fact, he had been considering the matter for a very long time the previous night before telling his assistant to inform that woman to proceed with their divorce at the civil affairs office today. 
He thought he would be happy when the truth was finally revealed, but he was wrong. 
On the contrary, what he felt was the familiar wave of humiliation and hatred that used to overwhelm him when he was younger.
What’s the reason? 
Why is it that I’m still unable to escape her after all these years? Does she think that I would forgive her just because she did that? 
He was locked up for six years, all because of her. From a high-spirited teenager, he transformed into a madman who everyone feared. If it weren’t for his uncle who came to his rescue, his entire life might have been ruined. 
Therefore, it was impossible for him to be happy or moved. 
What he felt was only resentment and anger toward her, and those emotions had peaked to a level like never before. In the end, he couldn’t wait to break off his relationship with her. 
But now, he suddenly received news that she was in trouble—she had killed someone. 
What would happen to her next? 
If she were to be convicted in the end, then her entire life would definitely be ruined. 
She would never appear in front of him ever again as he wished. 
Instantly, his fingers clenched around the phone. 
It was supposed to be a good news for him. 
However, he didn’t feel a trace of happiness. On the contrary, his mind went blank at the thought of that. Before he even realized it, a sense of panic crept into him. 
Luke said, “Mr. Hayes?”
“Tell Keith that I’ll hold him responsible if anything were to happen to that woman while she’s in his custody!” 
Having said that, he hung up the phone and headed out. 
Upon hearing that, Luke let out a sigh of relief. 
Mr. Hayes is coming back. At least he’s not leaving Ms. Wand to fend for herself. 
Luke’s moment of relaxation did not last long because as soon as he turned around, he saw the little girl, whom he had neglected for a while, bawling her eyes out. 
“Vivi, don’t cry anymore. Look, I’ve already found Uncle Sebastian, and he will come back to save your mommy immediately, alright?” 
It turned out that after the incident, Sabrina grabbed the opportunity and told someone to go to the preschool and picked up Matteo and Ian. 
However, that cold-blooded woman, who assumed that Vivian wasn’t Sebastian’s child, left her there alone. 
If the preschool hadn’t made a call to the company which was picked up by Luke, no one would know how long the little girl would have waited at the preschool. 
Luke carried the adorable little girl in his arms. With big eyes and a round little face, she looked very similar to a porcelain doll. How could she not be the President’s daughter? 
He grabbed a tissue and wiped away her tears clumsily. 
Fortunately, after hearing that her father would finally come and save her mother, Vivian stopped crying. Sniffling, she hugged Luke’s neck and lay on his shoulder.
“What about Matt and Ian?” 
“We will wait for Uncle Sebastian to arrive, then he will go and pick them up, alright? 
Luke could only comfort her by saying that Sebastian would save the day because he really had no idea how to bring the little girl’s brothers back to her. It was Sabrina who had took them away, so it wouldn’t be easy for him to settle that matter. 
After that, Luke carried the little girl to the penthouse suite lounge in hopes of handing her over to Sebastian when he returned. 
… 
When Sebastian returned to Avenport from Summerbank, it was already almost midnight. 
The entire city was cold and quiet on that winter night, without a soul in sight on the wide streets. As the piercing cold wind blew continuously across the city, the sound of it sent shivers down one’s spine. 
Sebastian got out of the car. 
He was dressed in a long black trench coat with a thin green shirt underneath. As he stepped toward the entrance, the men in the police station took notice of him. 
Sensing his piercing cold aura, everyone in his vicinity could not help but shudder. 
“Sir, may I ask who you are?” 
“Where is Sasha?” 
As Sebastian’s dark eyes scanned the surroundings, he gave off an air of menace. 
Sasha? Who in the world is he?
###Chapter 185
Chapter 185
The people in the police station started to feel that something wasn’t right and immediately escorted him to meet the chief of the police. 
The moment he caught a glimpse of the interrogation room, his face darkened as he made his way in that direction. 
Creak! Two minutes later, the door to the interrogation room was opened from the outside. 
“Sa—” 
Sebastian wanted to call out her name. However, when he finally got a good look at her, he felt as if something was stuck in his throat. 
He had never seen her like that before. 
It was as if her soul was completely gone. Sitting there with a drained look on her face, her eyes were devoid of emotions, and her face was utterly pale. In addition to that, her messy hair was covering half of her puffy face, and the skin on the corners of her lips was slightly torn. It was a shocking sight to behold. 
He heard that the patient’s family was making a scene at the hospital after the accident. 
Then her injuries… 
Sebastian held back his anger and moved closer to her cautiously. “Sasha?” 
“I didn’t kill anyone. I didn’t kill anyone. I didn’t…” 
Suddenly, she screamed while staring at Sebastian, who was walking toward her, with her widened eyes.
In a split second, she jumped out of the chair and hugged her head with her handcuffed hands, then scurried over to the corner and cowered in terror. 
Sebastian was dumbfounded. 
It was as if he was being stabbed in the heart while his eyes reddened instantly. “Keith! Get your a** over here!” 
“I’m coming, Mr. Hayes.” 
Coincidentally, the chief of police, Keith, was right there and scurried over immediately while breaking out in cold sweat. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’m sorry… I didn’t know she was one of your people. Those buggers are as blind as a bat.” 
Upon entering the room, the chief noticed the murderous aura exuding from Sebastian whose eyes had turned bloodshot and almost dropped to his knees to beg for forgiveness. 
He really wasn’t aware that this woman was really one of his people. 
Sebastian was so furious that his menacing aura filled the atmosphere in the room. 
“Then why are you still standing there? Why aren’t you releasing her?” 
“Yes, yes. I’ll release her now!” 
With trembling hands, the chief immediately took out the key and unlocked Sasha’s handcuffs. 
Just when Sebastian was about to take her away, someone entered the interrogation room. The moment they saw the scene in there, the man and the boy holding his hand froze on the spot. 
“Daddy?”
The little boy broke the silence after looking at Sebastian with confusion. 
Sebastian was also shocked. Right when he was about to ask the reason they were here, the young man who came with the boy suddenly saw Sasha cowering in one corner. His face darkened, and he quickly walked toward her. 
“Nancy, are you ok? I’m here to bail you out. We can leave now.” 
He crouched down in front of her and held his hands out. 
What made Sebastian angry was the fact that she was avoiding him as much as she could when he tried approaching her earlier. But now that she had seen that man, she did not resist him in any way and only glanced at him dazedly. 
“Solomon? I did not kill anyone. Please trust me.” 
“Yes, yes. I trust you. How could you have killed someone? You are a doctor, and you only save people. Look, didn’t I find a way to bail you out?” 
“Really?” 
Hearing that, Sasha broke down in tears. After feeling fearful for the entire day, she was finally able to let out her emotions. Then she leaned toward his outstretched hands. 
Sebastian was stunned by what he saw. 
As a burst of jealousy erupted in his chest like a volcano, he rushed over, grabbed Solomon’s collar, and lifted him furiously. 
“How dare you touch my woman?”
“Uh…” 
Solomon wasn’t expecting that at all, and his handsome face flushed while he was lifted by that violent man. 
However, he wasn’t terrified in the slightest. 
On the contrary, after hearing Sebastian’s words, he couldn’t help but laugh as he replied, “Your woman? Sebastian, I think you’re mistaken. How… is she considered your woman?” 
“What did you say?” 
“Am I wrong to say that? If you really thought of her as your woman, why did you secretly remove her account in order to stop her from pestering you? And why did you ignore her for the entire day? Sebastian, people’s lives are at stake here. Yet, it seems that hers doesn’t even matter that much in your eyes. So how dare you say that she is your woman now?” 
Solomon was indeed a capable lawyer. The moment he opened his mouth, sharp words were sent stabbing through Sebastian’s heart. 
The man was instantly infuriated. 
It was as if he had been slapped in the face as the expression on his handsome face was replaced by a mixture of defeat and embarrassment. He had never felt so humiliated in public before. At that moment, his features contorted with rage. 
However, he still did not release the man. 
Instead, he stared at him while he uttered with absolute dominance, “Even so, she belongs to me! She belongs to me whether she’s dead or alive. Without my permission to leave, Sasha belongs to me for the rest of her life!”
###Chapter 186
Chapter 186
Having said that, Sebastian immediately flung the man to the side. 
In an instant, Solomon landed on the interrogation table with a loud thud and wasn’t able to retaliate for a very long time. 
In all seriousness, he didn’t even come close to Sebastian when it came to authority. 
After all, the man was at the top of the hierarchy in the city, so no one would be able to stop him from doing whatever he wanted. 
In the end, Solomon could only stare while Sebastian carried the cowering woman away. 
Perhaps because the violent scene previously frightened her, she followed Sebastian obediently when he brought her away. Needless to say, they left with their son, Matteo, too. 
… 
It was already early the next morning when Xandra finally learned that Sabrina had succeeded with her plans. 
The time zone in Gronga was different from that at home. When it was daytime at home, it would be late at night in Gronga. Hence, she only found out about the great news the moment she woke up early in the morning. 
“It looks like Sabrina is still quite useful.” 
She was happily preparing breakfast for herself and Kelly while she discussed the matter cheerfully. 
Kelly was tinkering with her flowers on the balcony. Upon hearing that, she sneered, “Do you think Sabrina is a simpleton like you? Let me tell you. It’s you who’s not as good as Sabrina.”
Xandra remained silent. However, she wasn’t angry about that. After all, it didn’t matter as long as her goal was achieved. 
When she was done preparing the breakfast, she carried out the dishes gracefully. 
“So when do you think we can go back? I’ve finished writing my book and even received the advance copy. It shouldn’t be a problem for us to go back now.” 
She was in an excellent mood while she laid out the advance copy which she had just received yesterday. 
After putting down the flower scissors, Kelly glanced over her shoulder and walked toward her niece. 
“What’s the hurry? Now that you have her as a tool over there, why are you still afraid that you won’t be able to go back? There’s something else you should be concerned about now.” 
“What is it?” 
“I heard that Sebastian’s assistant went and look for the doctor who was in charge of Sasha’s delivery back then. He even asked her for a stack of Sasha’s notebooks too. Think about it, what’s the use of those things?” 
Xandra’s head buzzed as her mind went blank. 
Notebook? 
What does that mean? Why would Sebastian want her notebooks all of a sudden? 
Could it be… Could it be that he… 
She didn’t even dare to dwell on the matter anymore. As a wave of panic surged within her, she lost the mood to read her book. Throwing it aside, she stood up in agitation.
“How did he know about this? Why would he suddenly want to look at her notebooks? What the hell does he know?” 
“How would I know? You stole something that belonged to someone else, and now they’re seeking out the truth. Why are you asking me instead?” 
Kelly uttered sarcastically. 
It was true that she had never been too kind to Xandra, probably because she thought that her niece wasn’t smart enough for her or because she only regarded Xandra as a pawn. 
Upon hearing that, Xandra instantly yelled, “Nonsense! How does that belong to her? Those last four years of notes were originally written by me!” 
She was so flustered that Kelly began wondering if she was going to flip the table upside down. 
“Really? Then forget what I said.” 
Not wanting to argue with her anymore, Kelly stood up and walked away slowly with a cup of tea in her hand. 
Unable to contain her anger anymore, she literally flipped the whole table together with the breakfast spread on it. 
It was written by me. It was personally written by me! 
… 
Sebastian brought Sasha and Matteo back to Frontier Bay. 
Perhaps due to exhaustion after having a tormenting day or her son’s presence that put her at ease, Sasha fell asleep on the way back with Matteo in her arms.
Meanwhile, Matteo remained silent. 
He wasn’t afraid of his father blaming him. At the same time, he had no intention of apologizing either. 
The moment they arrived at Frontier Bay, Sebastian got out of the car with Sasha in his arms while Matteo followed behind with a cold expression on his face. After the three of them entered the villa, the little boy came to a halt in the empty living room. 
Right then, he noticed a pair of small pink shoes that belonged to Vivian. 
Vivi? 
The moment he came back to his senses, he ran upstairs and headed toward Vivian’s room. 
Sure enough, when he pushed the door open, he caught a glimpse of the little girl lying under the small covers. There were even two trails of tears on her petite face. 
“Vivi, I’m sorry…” 
The five-year-old boy’s eyes reddened while he sat on Vivian’s bed, guilt-ridden. 
That day when he and Ian were forcibly picked up by Sabrina and brought back to the Hayes residence, the first thing he wanted to do was to slip out and pick up Vivian from the preschool. 
However, the moment he managed to sneak out, he heard everyone talking about a doctor who had killed someone, and that doctor’s name was Nancy! 
Then he panicked and called his father right away. 
However, he couldn’t reach him even after calling him the entire day. To make things worse, he heard that the police arrested his mother. With that, he had no choice but to go and find Solomon.
Will Daddy forgive me? 
No!
###Chapter 187
Chapter 187
Sebastian brought Sasha up to the third floor. 
Perhaps he was worried that the two kids would disturb her rest if he brought her to the second floor, or perhaps he felt uneasy about leaving her alone. 
So, he decided to bring her to the bedroom on the third floor. 
The exact same room that no woman had ever slept in for many years. 
“Mr. Hayes, is… is Ms. Wand alright? Should we call a doctor?” 
Wendy, roused from her sleep by the commotion, had come upstairs to see what was happening. 
But Sebastian just shook his head and tucked Sasha into his bed, ignoring the filthy state she was in. “Do you need something from me?” 
“N-no… I think Mr. Matteo just got home, so I’ll be downstairs to take care of him,” Wendy said hurriedly. 
It was only then that Sebastian remembered his son. 
Glancing down at the sleeping woman in his bed, he furrowed his eyebrows together as he told Wendy, “Okay. Tell him to take a bath and change his clothes, and that Daddy will be there to see him in a minute.” 
He had an obligation to explain everything that had happened tonight to the little brat. 
If not, there was no telling whether their father-son relationship could still be salvaged. 
After Wendy went back downstairs, Sebastian took off his coat and rolled up his sleeves, retrieving a first-aid kit from his study.
The lights in the third-floor bedroom were kept on throughout the long, silent night. 
The next day. 
Wendy prepared a hearty breakfast before going upstairs to wake her employer up. 
“Mr. Hayes…? Did you sleep in there last night?” 
She arrived at the third floor, surprised to see Sebastian exit the study with heavy dark circles underneath his eyes. 
What happened? 
Isn’t Ms. Wand technically still his wife? Why is he avoiding her? 
Wendy couldn’t wrap her head around the situation. 
Sebastian stopped in his tracks and turned to look at Wendy, the light returning to his eyes at the sight of her. With a loud “crash”, he kicked the door to his bedroom open. 
“You came just in time. Clean up in there, it’s nasty!” 
A sour stench was, in fact, wafting out from Sebastian’s expensive, luxurious bedroom. 
Rushing into the room, she discovered blankets thrown carelessly onto the floor and several vomit stains on the sheets. 
Vomit? 
What happened here? Did Ms. Wand throw up? 
Wait, where is Ms. Wand? If she’s not here, then…
“Mr. Hayes… Where’s Ms. Wand?” Wendy spoke up. 
“In the study!” spat Sebastian, his eyes bloodshot. 
“Huh? The study?” 
“Her fever didn’t go down at all and she kept vomiting all night. As a result, the bed got dirty, so I dumped her in the study room. When you’re done cleaning up, call a doctor for her,” explained Sebastian impatiently, grabbing a random bathrobe from his closet before leaving to take a shower. 
Wendy didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. 
How childish. 
She peeked into the neighboring study. 
Sure enough, Sasha was clumsily wrapped up in a blanket and lying on the sofa, the heating system in the room on full blast. 
Her face looked as pale as a sheet of paper, possibly due to her illness. 
So did Mr. Hayes watch over her for the entire night? 
Suppressing her amusement, she quickly switched out the dirty sheets in the bedroom for new ones, then went down to make a phone call. 
Ten minutes later, Sebastian came out of the washroom. 
He barely got a wink of sleep last night and hadn’t even showered himself properly like usual, thinking that he could relax after Sasha had been given some medicine and fell asleep.
But she suddenly started talking nonsense in her sleep, going on and on about having never murdered someone. 
Her forehead was scalding hot when he touched it, and she began throwing up not long after that. 
Although, he wasn’t too surprised that Sasha fell sick in the first place. After all, she had suffered from immense shock and the brunt of the cold weather all day yesterday, and was also locked up inside a holding cell with no source of warmth. 
If anything, he’d be more surprised if she hadn’t gotten sick. 
Sebastian blow-dried his hair and sprayed some perfume onto his skin, relieved at finally having gotten rid of the stench of vomit. 
Picking up his car keys and getting ready to head out, he slowed down while passing by the second floor on his way down. After having some second thoughts, he strode over to one of the bedrooms. 
“Matt? It’s Daddy, are you awake yet?” he said, knocking on his son’s door. 
Because he was too busy looking after Sasha last night, he couldn’t fulfill his promise of having a proper talk with Matteo. 
So, he had to set things right with the kid as soon as possible. 
After a few knocks, he heard the sound of cloth rustling followed by light footsteps. The bedroom door creaked open ever so slightly, and Matteo peeked out through the tiny gap.
###Chapter 188
Chapter 188
“I’m sorry, Mommy was a little under the weather last night, so Daddy had to go take care of her and couldn’t come to see you. Will you forgive Daddy?” 
Guilt and regret welled up inside of Sebastian as he stared at Matteo’s completely unamused expression. 
Matteo was Sebastian’s son. But last night, when Sasha fell sick, Matteo resorted to approaching another man for help. What did that mean? 
It undoubtedly meant that he had failed Matteo as a father, and had failed to give him a sense of security to the point where he didn’t even consider the option of asking Sebastian for help. 
And it was clearly all Sebastian’s fault. 
Matteo’s cold expression didn’t change. 
His usual bright, smiley disposition was nowhere to be found as he glared at Sebastian, letting go of the door handle and going back into the room. 
His heart skipping a beat, Sebastian followed his son into the room. 
“Matt, Daddy is very sorry. The accident this time is all Daddy’s fault.” 
“So? Can you take back the hurt you caused Mommy?” Matteo finally spoke. It was hard to believe the small five-year-old boy sitting on the bed was capable of saying such cold, blunt words. 
Sebastian’s face fell. 
Matteo was very different from Ian. They were both smart, but under Sebastian’s careful nurturing, Ian had retained more of his childhood innocence.
The little boy in front of him was extremely, if not overly mature for his age. 
Was it the result of protecting his Mommy while their small family of three were trying to survive in a foreign country? Did he take up the responsibility of becoming the man of the family? 
Sebastian felt as if an icy dagger had stabbed through his heart. 
He wanted nothing more than to slap himself across the face right now. 
“You’re right. What’s happened has happened, and Mommy has already been hurt. But Daddy wants you to believe me when I say that from today onwards, as long as Daddy is here, no one will be able to hurt any of you,” Sebastian swore to his son, the most solemn he had been in all his life. 
If he were being completely honest, he just needed to say those words for himself to hear. 
Thankfully, Matteo was finally starting to show some emotion. 
He stared at Sebastian apprehensively, recalling every wrong thing his father did. 
But seeing how serious Sebastian was, Matteo decided to take a leap of faith and believe him. 
“You’re protecting her now, too?” Matteo mumbled, eyes reddening. 
“Of course. So, Daddy has a mission for you and your little sister today: stay at home and take care of Mommy. That’s all you have to do. Leave the rest up to Daddy.” 
His voice gradually grew firmer as he talked to Matteo, his gaze becoming sharp and haughty as he reverted back to his powerful demeanor. 
That’s right. 
I’m the king of this whole city. Those people don’t know whose woman they just messed with.
They have no idea what’s coming their way. 
After having comforted his son, Sebastian swiftly left Frontier Bay. 
Of course, he also instructed the bodyguards that from today onwards, Sasha was not to be let out of the premises without his permission. 
It was already past eleven in the morning when Sasha came to. 
Her mind was still foggy from the high fever, blinking blearily as she took in her surroundings. 
Where is this place? What happened? 
Vivian, playing with her Daddy’s chess set nearby, immediately detected Sasha’s movements and dropped everything to run over to the bed. 
“Mommy, you’re awake! Thank goodness, you’re finally awake!” she exclaimed, clapping her small hands and clambering onto the bed. 
Sasha’s whole mouth tasted bitter and she still felt dizzy, but she instinctively reached out for her daughter. “Careful… Don’t fall.” 
“I won’t! Daddy’s sofas are all really big, so I won’t fall.” Vivian was not scared at all as she climbed up, crawling over to cling to her Mommy’s arm. 
Daddy? 
Sasha mind blanked out. 
She couldn’t recall how yesterday had ended. Feeling dazed and slightly delirious was a common aftereffect of having suffered from too much shock or fear, some people even faced temporary memory
loss. 
Sasha pressed a hand to her hurting head. 
At that moment, Wendy had heard the commotion and hurried upstairs, grinning excitedly when she saw that Sasha was awake. 
“Ms. Wand, you’re finally awake! How do you feel? Are you hurting anywhere?” Wendy asked, stepping into the room. 
Sasha pressed her dry lips together, coughing a little before croaking out, “Is this… Frontier Bay?” 
Wendy nodded, smiling. “That’s right. Mr. Hayes carried you home last night. You were in such a bad shape, high fever and vomiting and all. Why, Mr. Hayes looked after you for the entire night.” 
Wendy tried to emphasize the very last sentence, but Sasha only became even more confused.
###Chapter 189
Chapter 189
Sebastian brought her home? 
How could that be? 
She saw no trace of him anywhere during the incident yesterday. 
No. Sebastian had contacted her yesterday, although indirectly. To be more precise, he had made his assistant call her early in the morning, informing her to meet him at the civil affairs office later to sign the divorce papers. 
Then why did he end up taking me back here? And took care of me for the entire night, at that? 
It all made no sense to her. 
“Are you kidding me? Why would he do such a thing?” 
Her gaze grew cold, and her once pale, sickly face transformed into a mask of apathy. 
Wendy wasn’t sure how to react. 
Is she oblivious to everything that had happened? Or perhaps she’s still befuddled from the fever? 
Coming to the conclusion it must be the fever speaking, Wendy decided to not push the topic any further, and went downstairs to bring up some food for her. 
Half an hour later, Sasha had eaten and regained some of her energy. 
When Matteo and Ian, who had been picked up, came upstairs together to check on her, Sasha slowly realized that Wendy might have been speaking the truth.
“Mommy, Daddy didn’t come over yesterday because he was working at someplace really far. After I talked to Uncle Solomon, Daddy arrived, and then he went out to bring you back.” 
‘Yup, Daddy didn’t abandon Mommy!” 
Vivian held her tongue in hesitation as she watched her twin brothers defend their Daddy’s actions. 
She couldn’t help but feel a twinge of hurt. For the whole day yesterday, the young girl was arguably the most pitiful person, second only to her Mommy. No one had paid much attention to her, nor cared about her at all the entire time. 
But when she remembered how she woke up this morning on the pink bed at Daddy’s home, she spoke up. 
“That’s right, Mommy! Yesterday, Matt and Ian were taken away by that mean Aunt Sabrina, and Vivi was sent here! This has to be Daddy’s doing!” she explained, smiling sweetly. 
Sasha stayed silent, not sure how to describe or express the tangled mess of emotions she was feeling. 
Glancing down, she noticed the clean, men’s shirt on her, and her ears turned red. 
Did he help me change into these clothes? 
Why? 
Why would he do such a thing? Why would he go on such a rushed, long trip to save me and take care of me for the entire night, and do everything else he did? 
What is he doing all this for? Didn’t he say he wanted to get a divorce? 
Right. Divorce.
Her warm heart suddenly froze over, and her reddened cheeks lost their color again. 
Oh, my sweeties. 
Of course they don’t know. Your Daddy and Mommy are getting divorced. It just so happened to be right before everything blew up, too. 
Suddenly, Sasha found it hard to breathe. 
Determined not to show any signs of panic in front of her children, she forced a smile and patted their heads. “I know. Go downstairs to play, I’ll keep everything you all told me in mind.” 
“Okay!” 
The kids were obviously overjoyed with this reply. 
So as not to disturb Mommy’s rest any longer, they walked downstairs hand-in-hand to play together. 
The moment they left, Sasha sat up and threw off the blanket covering her. 
I need to get away from this place. 
I’m still involved in a murder case. I can either go to the hospital to investigate and clear my name or get arrested by the police again. 
The first option was obviously the better option, given that she could successfully find out the truth. 
But if things ended up being the second option, then… It wouldn’t matter much. Her three children had all found their Daddy anyway. 
No matter how much Sebastian loathed her, he would never abandon their kids.
Coughing, Sasha crawled out of bed. 
After slowly descending to the ground floor with much difficulty, a man dressed in a black suit and dark sunglasses appeared out of nowhere, blocking the main entrance. 
“I apologize, Ms. Wand, but Mr. Hayes has given strict orders. You are not allowed to take a single step out of the house.” 
“What?” Sasha’s eyes widened in shock as she was still busy catching her breath. “He… He won’t let me leave?” 
The bodyguard nodded. “Yes. So please return to your quarters, Ms. Wand.” 
Sasha barely had the time to retort when two housemaids approached her, each one reaching for Sasha’s arms and hauling her back up the stairs without another word. 
In the blink of an eye, Sasha found herself back on the third floor. 
“You… You all…” 
“Ms. Wand, it is best for you to relax here and recover. Mr. Hayes has said that he will handle all your problems, and that he will make sure to clear your name and dignity,” said the bodyguard, who had followed the housemaids upstairs as they carried Sasha. 
Sasha could only sit dazedly on the sofa, mind whirring as she processed the new information. 
Am I dreaming? 
She had to be hallucinating. She found no other explanation as to why Sebastian would stand up for her. 
He’s standing up for me? He’s trying to help me?
This is absurd! 
He had only been cruel to her. She was the woman he hated the most on this earth, and he probably wished that she was still dead.
###Chapter 190
Chapter 190
Why would Sebastian stand up for me? 
I thought that he would prefer for me to be dead. 
Sasha slowly drifted off into sleep. 
That was all a bad dream. She had to sleep, then wake up, then continue doing what she had to do. After all, there was no one in this world who could help her. 
When she woke up from her nap, the sun had already set and she could hear the sounds of her children causing a racket downstairs. 
“Matt, does this mean Daddy caught the bad guy?” 
“Of course! See, it was on TV that the patient’s death has nothing to do with Mommy! It was that evil doctor who did something to Mommy’s needles.” 
“Yup!” 
Lost for words, Ian only nodded as he stared at the television. 
W-what’s going on? 
What are they talking about? 
Sasha could hear the kids’ loud cheering, but couldn’t make out what they were talking about, only able to pick out certain words like “bad guy”, “patient”, and “Mommy”. 
She sat up from the sofa, pulling on a random coat within reach and cautiously making her way downstairs.
“Vivi, Matt, what are you guys talking about?” 
Vivian immediately ran over to her, bouncing up and down as she dragged Sasha nearer to the television. “Mommy, you’re awake! Daddy’s on TV, come take a look.” 
Her two sons were also looking at her excitedly. 
Daddy’s on TV? 
Confused, she stared at the television under her children’s anticipatory gazes. 
A news report was being broadcasted live on television, but what took her by surprise was that the background showed the hospital she worked at. 
And the cameras were all currently focused on a stoic, intimidating young man dressed in a suit. 
It was their Daddy – the President of the Hayes Corporation. 
“Mr. Hayes, as Hayes Corporation is the largest shareholder of this hospital, do you think this incident will affect the corporation in any way?” 
“Mr. Hayes, the medical mishap that happened today will affect the hospital’s reputation, regardless of whether it was the fault of the newly-employed doctor who returned from abroad or the general practitioner. Are you sure that your corporation will not face any backlash at all?” 
It was an endless barrage of vile questions. The reporters obviously wanted to take advantage of Sebastian’s rare public appearance to dig out as much information from him as they could. 
The hospital is under the Hayes Corporation? 
Sasha did a double take.
Sebastian, maintaining a polite smile on his face, answered, “At this time, the wellbeing of the corporation should not be the focus of the issue. Someone lost their life. Regardless of whether the hospital belongs to the Hayes Corporation or the head of the country, the victim’s family deserves closure.” 
He seemed experienced in handling the reporters and their ill-intentioned questions, staying calm and composed under the constant camera flashes. 
But when his gaze dropped slightly and focused on the two female reporters that had asked the questions, they suddenly felt chills running down their spine, and all color drained from their faces. 
It’s so scary! 
His gaze can kill! 
Watching everything unfold live, Sasha wasn’t sure what to feel. 
Are my eyes playing tricks on me? 
Why would he go there to accept an interview by these reporters? 
The Hayes Corporation may be the biggest shareholder of the hospital, but surely there’s no need for the President himself to make an appearance? Was there no one else that could do the job in Hayes Corporation? 
As she pondered to herself, she saw several people in white coats approach Sebastian. 
“I’m sorry, but Mr. Hayes is just here to attend a meeting. If you have any other questions, you may ask us instead. Thank you.”
With that, the people in white coats held back the swarm of reporters as two others swiftly escorted Sebastian away from the scene. 
Oh. He’s just there for a meeting. 
I knew it. 
Seeing that the star of their story was leaving, the reporters on screen erupted into a frenzy. 
“Just here for a meeting? Isn’t Mr. Hayes here specifically to deal with the accident that happened?” 
“I heard that Mr. Hayes usually never makes an appearance at the hospital, so did he appear this time because the incident had spiraled out of control? Did he come because the Hayes Corporation couldn’t afford to sweep it under the carpet?” 
“None of that is important. What is important is that the truth is out. This was no medical accident, it was manslaughter. So if you have any further questions, you should consult the police instead,” the remaining hospital staff announced. 
The reporters were rendered speechless. 
On the other side of the television, Sasha felt like a bomb had just gone off inside her brain, clearing it of any thoughts. 
What did he say? 
It wasn’t a medical accident… But manslaughter? 
And the female reporters from earlier asking Sebastian about… A doctor that had returned from being abroad? And a general practitioner of the hospital? 
It was only then that it dawned on Sasha: her world had turned upside down while she was asleep.
###Chapter 191
Chapter 191
Sasha picked up her phone to make a call to the hospital. 
“Hello? Dr. Jones, this is Nancy. I’d like to ask, has there been a change in my case?” 
“Oh, Nancy! Yes, yes, it’s been proven that the whole thing has nothing to do with you. After carrying out an autopsy, the police found out that the patient’s cause of death was poison. So, it wasn’t your fault,” the internal medicine director, overjoyed at receiving Sasha’s call, explained to her excitedly. 
Sasha’s hands trembled as she spoke. “A-are you telling the truth?” 
“Of course I am! This was all in the official report from the police. Besides, we invited a few TCM consultants to give their opinions on your acupuncture needle placement, and they are of the opinion that you did not make any professional mistake!” stressed Dr. Jones. 
No one in the internal medicine department had wanted to believe that Dr. Nancy had slipped up. After all, she was an internationally acclaimed doctor, and everyone had witnessed what she had accomplished and what she was capable of. 
They had seen first-hand how she handled all kinds of medical complications, and even proposed solutions to reform several flaws in the hospital’s internal medical system. 
How could a good doctor like that made a mistake? 
Sasha trembled in agitation. “What is going on? How did someone find out that it wasn’t my mistake?” 
“They made the discovery after the President of Hayes Corporation came over yesterday. Nancy, you might not know this, but the largest shareholder of our hospital is actually the Hayes Corporation. The incident blew up and even made international headlines, so Mr. Hayes paid a visit to the hospital first thing in the morning.”
“What happened next?” Sasha croaked after a while, eyes brimming with tears. 
“They immediately launched an investigation and held a meeting! The police came over and had someone carry out an autopsy, as well as checked the hospital’s security camera footage.” 
Upon hearing his words, Sasha was hit by a pang of emotions and she shuddered. 
Suddenly, the dam inside her broke. Every emotion that she’d been trying to suppress came flooding out, overwhelming her as she gripped her phone and sobbed. 
Who could blame her? God knows what she had been through for the past twenty-four hours. 
Claims of professional malpractice, murder… 
Never in her wildest dreams did she think that she would get herself into this kind of trouble. She felt as if the whole world came crashing down and was deeply consumed by such despair and fear. 
And now, she could barely think straight. 
She hadn’t even felt this helpless when she faked her death and escaped with two of her children five years ago. 
After all, that had been her own life at stake. 
But now, someone else’s blood was on her hands, which came out of the medical practice she prided herself on. 
The three children instantly ran over to their crying Mommy and crowded around her. “Mommy, don’t cry, it’s okay…” 
Their small hands reached out to her, comforting her in each of their own ways, which only served to make Sasha cry louder.
On the other side of the call, the internal medicine director was also getting choked up. “Everything is alright now, Dr. Nancy, you’re fine now. We’re all waiting for you to come back.” 
Sasha took a moment to calm herself down. Surrounded by her kids as she wiped the tears from her face, she asked into the phone, “Did they find out who did it?” 
“Yes, it was Dr. Lockhart, the doctor who was working the shift before yours. He had soaked your needles in poison that he’d concocted himself, causing the patient’s blood vessels to coagulate.” 
After a long pause, Sasha asked furiously, “Why did he do such a thing? What does he have against me?” 
She had started working at the hospital barely a month ago. How could she have offended or insulted this Lockhart guy to the point that he was willing to frame her for murder? 
But Dr. Jones didn’t have an answer for her. 
The police had yet to announce Dr. Lockhart’s exact motives, leaving the public to speculate whether or not it was because he held a grudge against Sasha. 
After all, Sasha was promoted to deputy director of internal medicine very quickly after starting her job at the hospital. Meanwhile, Dr. Lockhart had worked there for years but was never promoted. 
Sasha hung up the call. 
Jealousy? 
How is that possible? We’re not even on the same level! 
But she was in no mood to worry herself about any of that.
She had yet to realize it, but she no longer adamantly rejected the idea of Sebastian standing up for her. After having listened to what Dr. Jones told her, she had complete faith that Sebastian would help her unravel this mystery. 
Sasha turned to look at the bright, sunny weather outdoors. With a heavy burden lifted off of her shoulders, her heart felt much lighter. 
“Come on, sweeties. Shall we go out to play?” 
“Yes, yes! Come on, Mommy, let’s go play!” 
“Wait, I’m going upstairs to take a coat for Mommy, or else Mommy might get cold.” 
Matteo and Vivian immediately jumped at the proposal, Vivian excitedly tugging on her Mommy’s hand as her brother ran upstairs to find a coat.
###Chapter 192
Chapter 192
Even though Ian did not say anything at all, he was very thoughtful. 
He made a dart towards the kitchen to grab something light for his Mommy. Within a while, he reappeared with milk and newly baked pastry by Wendy in his hands. 
The three kids really loved their Mommy very much. 
Later in the day, they had a lot of fun with their Mommy in the garden… 
By the time Sebastian reached home, it was already almost six o’clock in the evening. There was a reflection from the glint of the sunset on the windscreen of his car. The moment he got out of his car, he was mesmerized by the harmonious view in the garden… 
Remnant of the rays from the sunset shone upon the garden, shrouded it with a layer of orange veil. Engulfed by the mysterious veil, the kids were chasing one another among the trees like three agile little rabbits. They were giggling at times, forming melodious music in the air. 
How about their mommy? Sebastian shifted his gaze away from the kids and caught a glimpse of her. 
She was sitting quietly on the long bench; her long silky hair flowed down her back against her cardigan. Under the soft glow of the sunset, her entire body gave off a vibe of demureness and gracefulness. 
Still looking slightly pale, she was obviously a bit weak and had yet to regain her energy. Probably that was why she did not join the kids in their games. 
Even so, her lips curled into a serene smile as she gazed at them. The gentle glimmers in her smiling eyes reflected her cheerfulness and liveliness. 
She is finally alive again?
Sebastian raised his brows as something came into his mind. Instead of heading towards the villa, he strode into the garden. 
All this while, Sasha immersed herself in the kids’ jubilant moments in the garden. Out of a sudden, she felt the seat next to her sank. She turned instinctively, and her pretty eyes widened instantaneously! 
“You…” Sasha opened her mouth awkwardly. 
“Why are you sitting here when you haven’t really recovered yet, and the wind is chilly. You could easily catch a cold. Aren’t you afraid of falling sick again?” 
Sebastian placed his car key, phone, and laptop one by one on the marble table in front of them. His low and charismatic voice was as charming as ever. 
He did not sleep at all the previous night. 
Early this morning, he went to the hospital to resolve the matter. After that, he had to rush to both the company and the police station. It was such a busy day for him till he barely had time to breathe. 
Yet this silly woman relaxed and sit here despite the chilly wind? Does she know that I was having a hard time last night and totally did not sleep at all? 
Sasha gulped timidly, suddenly intimidated by his presence. 
My goodness! He’s back all of a sudden and I’m not prepared to face him yet. 
Does it mean that he is actually… concerned about me? 
She looked away hastily to conceal her embarrassment. Her heart suddenly started to pound tremendously, and her dainty face was flushed.
“No… it’s not like that. The kids wanted to come down and play so I’m just accompanying them,” she explained incoherently. 
This was indeed the first time she appeared to be nervous and helpless in front of him. 
Sebastian’s thin lips lifted into a smile. 
Glancing at the kids who were now shrieking excitedly while chasing each other, he leaned against the back of the bench comfortably with his slender legs crossed. At that very moment, he looked exceptionally charming, exuding the aura of elegance and dignity of a noble prince. 
He was obviously in a good mood. 
“Since the winter break is just around the corner, I’ve informed the preschool that they are not attending the class anymore. From now onward, you shall look after them at home.” 
“Ah?” 
Sasha gaped and glared at him, “You want me to just stay at home and look after them? How about my job? I’m still working!” 
“You mean working at that lousy hospital? You almost lost your life there. Haven’t you learned your lesson? Are you sure you still want to go back and have your life at risk again?” 
Glancing obliquely at her, Sebastian mocked at her with intense sarcasm in his tone. 
Upon hearing his mocking words, Sasha’s expression changed. 
She almost refuted spontaneously but held herself back at the sight of the weariness in the man’s bloodshot eyes. At the same time, a sense of guilt crept into her heart, knowing that she had caused him great inconvenience the previous night.
“Alright.” 
She turned and looked at the other side in displeasure, trying hard to hold herself from blurting out any unpleasant words. 
Sebastian’s seductive lips curved into a wider smile. 
After a few minutes, the three kids’ eyes lit up the moment they saw Sebastian. They dashed toward both Sebastian and Sasha in high spirits. 
“Daddy, you’re back!” 
Matteo was undoubtedly the first to lunge toward Sebastian and gave him a hug. He was ecstatic as his Daddy kept his promise this round. 
Sebastian hugged him tightly and pinched his nose lovingly. 
“Yeah, Daddy is already back for a while. Matt, did you carry out the task assigned by Daddy today?” 
“Of course! All three of us took good care of Mommy today, and we make sure she’s not wandering around. Daddy, let me tell you something. After Mommy saw the news on how you stood up for her, she cried for a long time!” 
“Matteo Hayes! What nonsense are you spouting!” 
Sasha never expected that her beloved son would embarrass her in such a way! 
There was mischief in Matteo’s smiling eyes. He was smiling like a cunning little fox. 
“Mommy, don’t be angry! There’s nothing wrong to let Daddy know about this. He has done so much for you. It’s really unfair for him if you refuse to let him know what’s on your mind!”
“I agree with you!” Ian was also supportive of Matteo. 
Sasha almost exploded. 
Staring at the man who was smirking, blood rushed to her face in an instant! My goodness, this is too embarrassing! 
“You… I don’t feel like talking to all of you anymore…” 
She stood up and ran off without hesitation. 
I have never experienced such an embarrassing moment before! 
Matteo, you really have a big mouth!
###Chapter 193
Chapter 193
Sebastian and the two boys could not help feeling amused at the sight of Sasha fleeing from them with flushed cheeks. 
Matteo stole a look at his Daddy and was surprised to find that his smile was so wide he’d have had to break it into sections to fit it through a doorway. 
“Daddy, is Matteo a good boy?” 
“Of course, both you and Ian are Daddy’s my good boys. Tell me, what do you want as your reward?” 
Sebastian felt so proud of his sons. 
“Hurray!” both Matteo and Ian yelled jubilantly and were about to tell their Daddy what they wished to have as their reward. Meanwhile, the little girl who was neglected by them all this while was staring at them unhappily. 
“You’re bullying Mommy again!” 
The little girl was really innocent. She totally had no idea what her two brothers and Daddy were up to. 
In her eyes, her Mommy was upset because of them so she must pay them back on behalf of her. With her little fists gritted, she pouted her lips and moved toward them like a fierce cat fighting for its territory. 
Both Matteo and Ian were at a loss for words. 
Looking at the adorable little girl who was trying her best to speak up for her Mommy, Sebastian laughed heartily and could not help teasing her. 
He lifted her up effortlessly like how he did previously.
“Uncle Sebastian, how many times have I told you not to lift me up like this! I’m not a bag of groceries. How can you lift me up like this?” 
The little girl was even more furious when she was lifted to the eye level of her Daddy. She glared at him with her rounded eyes which were staring daggers are her father. 
Sebastian suddenly recalled. Ah! She’s right! She was really unhappy when I lifted her up like this previously. 
“Sorry, I forgot about it. By the way, why did you say that Uncle Sebastian and your brothers were bullying your Mommy?” Sebastian asked her softly, trying to appease her. 
At the same time, he brushed the front part of her little dress and tugged it gently in order to smooth out the creases on it. 
He was apparently treating the little girl with unusually great patience and gentleness today. 
Vivian was stunned as her daddy had never talked to her with such a kind tone before. Blinking her eyes in disbelief, she almost forgot what she was supposed to say. 
“Mommy… Mommy ran off because of all of you!” 
“Mommy ran off because she’s shy.” Sebastian was not embarrassed at all. 
Vivian became even more confused with his words. 
So, Mommy ran off just now because she was shy? 
Her round eyes widened as she tried to think hard. 
Sebastian chuckled upon seeing her cute expression, but he did not tease her again so as not to infuriate her. Stroking her hair gently, he asked, “Tell Uncle Sebastian, what do you feel like having for
dinner tonight?” 
Huh? 
Dinner! There was a glint of delight in the little girl’s eyes. Before she could answer Sebastian, she was already drooling. Her displeasure had now vanished into thin air. 
Sebastian was speechless at her temperament. 
He could not describe the sudden change of feeling in his heart. It was as if the armor enveloping his heart softened and was melting. 
“How about I buy you king crabs for dinner?” 
“Yay! Yay! I love crabs!” 
The two boys nodded excitedly. Their faces lit up in an instant. 
Vivian blinked her eyes for quite a while before she could respond by mumbling, “Vivi… Vivi also… want to eat…” 
Sebastian burst into laughter at her comical demeanor. 
Later, he waved and signaled a housemaid to come over. 
“Mr. Hayes, what can I do for you?” 
“Bring them in, ask Wendy to shower the kids, and change them. Give The Palace a call too. Arrange for a chef to bring along two king crabs and prepare the dish here tonight.” 
He instructed the housemaid casually, catering to the needs of the kids.
It was unbelievable that such a dignified man like Sebastian was behaving so differently at home. He was really considerate of the kids and even had the patience to please them. 
The housemaid brought the kids in at once as instructed. 
After they left, Sebastian also stood up and left without entering the villa at all. 
Sasha was in her room at the first floor. 
After she was back in her room earlier on, she headed straight for the showers impulsively. She needed to cool down as her entire body was burning with great embarrassment. 
The moment she stepped out of the bathroom, Vivian was already in her room. 
“Mommy, Daddy said we’re having big crabs for dinner tonight. Do you like to eat big crabs?” 
She climbed onto her mommy’s bed with a lollipop in her mouth, sharing the great news with her in excitement. 
Big crabs? 
Sasha smiled and bent down to pinch her chubby cheek. “Is that true? Did Daddy said he’s treating you?” 
“Yeah, Daddy said he’s treating us!” 
The little girl replied confidently. 
Sasha cheered up instantly and asked, “Nice! And did our sweetie say thank you to Daddy? See, I’m right after all. Daddy really likes you, doesn’t he?”
“Yeah!” The little girl agreed with her Mommy. 
But, to thank Daddy? 
I was not in time to say thank you to Daddy just now! 
Vivian sprawled on the bed and looked at her Mommy sheepishly. “I will remember to thank Daddy when he’s back later!” 
Sebastian has left? 
Sasha was stunned. 
She was about to say something, but her phone suddenly rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Sasha Wand, you’re really good at playing mind games, and let my brother investigate this matter for you! Now that the truth is unveiled, do you think he will once again place righteousness above his family because of you?”
###Chapter 194
Chapter 194
Once Sasha answered the phone, she was greeted by a woman’s languorous voice. There was profound arrogance and disdain in her tone. 
Sabrina? 
Sasha’s expression changed. She stood up at once and moved toward the window. 
“Sabrina, what do you mean by choosing righteousness over family? You’d better explain it clearly!” 
“You still don’t get what I mean? It means I’m behind the whole thing! You dummy!” 
Sabrina scoffed at her and made a confession arrogantly over the phone. 
Sasha was overwhelmed; her eyes squinted dangerously! 
So she is the culprit? 
But why? 
Why did she do that? Did I happen to provoke and irritate her recently? How dare she do this to me! She could be charged with first-degree murder! How preposterous! 
“Why did you do that? Are you blaming me for sending you to the psychiatric department?” 
“Not solely because of that. Like I told you before, if you leave this place and never appear again, I shall let you off. However, you never listen and even let my brother stand up for you. Sasha Wand, you’re really a woman of greed!” 
Sabrina hissed out the words in a cold and vicious manner, like a poisonous snake slithering out of the dark, sending chills down Sasha’s spine!
Greed? 
Oh right, when I married Sebastian years ago, this woman had warned me about that numerous times. 
She felt that I had married into the Hayes through unscrupulous methods and warned me not to scheme against the Hayes. Apart from that, she even jeered at me to return to the Wands after we have earned enough monetary gains. 
So, does she mean that now, too? 
She thought that I’m back to be the spouse of the young heir again? 
This is absurd! 
Sasha finally got what she meant. In a twinkling of an eye, her anger rose to the peak. She rolled her eyes and rebuked, “Sabrina, are you out of your mind? I’m greedy? Do you think the whole world is gawking at the Hayes?” 
“Others might not, but you Sasha Wand is surely targeting the Hayes. You forgot how you were trying to be a part of the Hayes at that time by all means?” 
“You…” 
Sasha was astounded. 
Initially she had a lot of rebuttals to retaliate the woman’s words, but once the woman pointed out the fact, Sasha was lost for words and could not protest at all. 
That was her greatest weakness! 
“You’re lost for words? Where’s your eloquence and confidence?” Sabrina laughed at Sasha disdainfully.
Sasha’s face fell. 
Nevertheless, there was not even a word that she could grit out of her mouth in ion. 
“What do you want?” 
“Nothing! I just want to tell you that Sebastian was already in the know about me being the culprit. I’m just curious if he would sell me out for you. If so, Sasha Wand, then I must congratulate you for being able to make him eat out the palms of your hands!” 
Sabrina was just like a devil who spouted bullets. 
Sasha was bewildered! 
Sebastian…had actually knew about the truth? 
Why did he remain silent just now and didn’t mention it to me at all? We were both seated on the same bench in the garden for at least twenty minutes! 
Yet he did not bring this up at all! 
Sasha’s entire body stiffened… 
She did not dare to have any wishful thinking. However, she still could not help feeling disappointed. The great disappointment was so suffocating that it caused her heart to throb. 
“Speaking of the devil, my brother has just arrived.” 
Sabrina followed up by sending her a picture within seconds.
Sasha was dumbfounded again for a few seconds before she clicked and checked the picture sent by her. It was obviously taken from a corner of the Hayes Residence. 
She was very familiar with the black Bentley in the picture as it belonged to Sebastian. 
There was nothing more Sasha could say. 
She hung up the phone and tossed it into the drawer. 
“Mommy, who called you just now? Is it the bad guy?” 
Vivian sensed that there was something amiss with her Mommy and immediately climbed down from the bed to give her a comforting hug. 
Sasha had no idea how she should explain to her. 
Looking at the little girl who had a look of concern on her face, she finally recollected herself and forced a smile. 
“Don’t worry about it, I’m fine. What did you say just now? Something about having big crabs for dinner tonight?” 
“Yeah, Daddy promised us!” 
The little girl nodded innocently and emphasized that her Daddy had promised them. 
Sasha stroked her head gently and smiled again. “Alright, let’s go down to give Ms. Dolivo a hand. She must be busy with the preparation for tonight’s big dinner.” 
Vivian answered eagerly, “Yeah, let’s go and help her now.” 
After that, both of them made their way toward the kitchen.
As expected, everyone in the villa was busy making preparation for dinner. Wendy was occupied in the kitchen and was surprised to see Sasha. 
When Sasha volunteered to assist her in the kitchen, she turned her down nicely.
###Chapter 195
Chapter 195
“Ms. Wand, you haven’t fully recovered yet. You should go back to your room and have a good rest.” 
“It’s all right. I’m feeling a lot better now. Moreover, I’m keen on learning how to prepare this dish so I can prepare for the kids next round.” 
Sasha tried her best to convince Wendy that she was fine. 
In the end, Wendy could only let her stay and help out in the kitchen. 
Later, Sasha was absorbed in learning from the chef of The palace on the preparation of the king crabs. 
She had almost forgotten about the ordeal. 
Even though she could not put it out of her mind completely, but as of now the discomfort in her heart seemed to be eased as she glanced at her three kids who were waiting eagerly in the living room for the sumptuous dish to be served. 
Even my three babies understand the importance of being united and protect each other well. 
I have no right to blame the sister and brother duo. 
After all, they are siblings and blood is thicker than water. There’s nothing wrong for him to take her sides. It doesn’t make sense for him to let Sabrina go to jail and pay for her sins. If she ends up in prison, the reputation of the Hayes will also be tarnished! 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief after talking herself into accepting the fact. 
She was assisting the chef to get rid of the claws of the crabs with the crab sheller. “Do we need to get rid of all the claws?” she asked him courteously.
The chef who was in the midst of preparing a dish replied, “The claws are hard and sharp. Just cut all of them so the kids won’t get hurt.” 
“Alright!” 
Sasha continued to cut the claws as advised by the chef. 
All of a sudden, Wendy entered the kitchen hurriedly. “Ms. Wand, Luke is waiting outside now. He asked you to go out at once as he needs to bring you somewhere.” 
“What?” 
Sasha was stunned. Bring her somewhere? Where is it? 
She was puzzled. 
Meanwhile, Luke could not wait any longer and stepped into the villa hastily. He dashed into the kitchen in a hurry once he caught a glimpse of Sasha’s figure. 
“Madam, hurry up, Mr. Hayes Sr. had just called me to bring you back to the Hayes Residence at once.” 
“Ah?” 
“Madam, hurry up! We’re running out of time! Mr. Hayes might send Ms. Sabrina straight to the police station. If so, the Hayes Corporation would surely be in big trouble later!” 
Luke stomped his feet apprehensively while Sasha was in a daze and could not react at all. In the end, he grabbed her and dragged her out at once. 
Sasha was stupefied and her mind went blank.
She was unaware that Luke had dragged her into the car and sped off. By the time she came to, they were already quite a distance away from the Frontier Bay. 
“W-what happened?” she swallowed hard and stammered. 
“Ah! Mr. Hayes didn’t tell you anything about it? Ms. Sabrina is the culprit behind everything. Mr. Hayes went straight to the Hayes Residence to look for her, demanding her to go to the police station and turn herself in. The two of them started to quarrel as she was reluctant to do so. Mr. Hayes was enraged and was about to call the police in order to arrest her on the spot. Mr. Hayes Sr. is trying to stop him now!” 
Luke’s forehead was beaded with sweat; apparently, there was a heated argument at the Hayes! 
Sasha chose to remain quiet. 
She felt something exploded in her mind and it was turning to mush. 
How is that possible? Did I get it wrong? 
Sabrina had just called me a while ago and said provocatively that she intended to see whether her brother would stand up for her this round, or chose righteousness instead. 
She even took a photo of her brother’s car at the Hayes Residence deliberately to show off to me. 
But how did everything changed in just a split second? 
Sasha’s fingernails sank into her palm as she tightened her fists. Mixed feelings crashed into her heart like a series of never-ending waves. 
She was silent again as her mind sank into deep contemplation.
The car finally came to a halt after half an hour. 
To Sasha’s great surprise, the yard of the Hayes Residence was unusually crowded and rowdy. 
From a distance, she could hear faint voices of them giving their own opinions. 
“Please enter at once. The situation is a mess!” 
Luke’s heart skipped a beat again at the sight of the crowd in the yard. He immediately led Sasha into the residence. 
This was the first time Sasha stepped into the Hayes Residence again officially since she left the place five years ago. 
“Sasha Wand! Is that her? Look! She’s alive again!” 
“My goodness! It’s unbelievable! How did she hide from us all this while? She’s indeed a lot more than meets the eye!” 
“If I’m not mistaken, she’s also the major cause of the family dispute today. It’s really out of my expectation! She’s even more cunning now compared to five years ago. Is she here to seek vengeance?” 
The moment she emerged, everyone in the yard was overwhelmed. 
In a split second, their expressions changed; all of them glared at Sasha with rage and distrust on their faces. 
They were even more agitated now compared to how they were debating about the family dispute between Sebastian and Sabrina a while ago.
Sasha kept her head lowered all the time, ignoring their glares, and pretended that she did not hear anything. 
She could foresee their hostility towards her at the moment. Even when I was in such a piteous state when I was married to Sebastian years ago, they were reluctant to accept me as a member of the Hayes family. 
What more to say now?
###Chapter 196
Chapter 196
Sasha followed behind Luke as they entered. 
The closer they got, the clearer the roars of a woman could be heard. The maids were all visibly on edge as they frantically scrambled past her. 
Just when she wanted to close the distance with Luke, Sasha heard a throaty shriek, “Sebastian, I dare you to f*cking call the cops on me!” 
The words were extremely vulgar. 
Sasha’s expression darkened in response while Luke was equally outraged. 
“Is that woman crazy to threaten Mr. Hayes with that? Does she really think he’s incapable of doing it?” 
With fury welling inside him, his stride turned into a sprint. 
Noticing the increase in pace, Sasha followed accordingly. 
Just when both of them were about to arrive, a thunderous and sharp slap rang out in their ears. Sabrina’s brazen words might have infuriated someone inside. 
“Sabrina, I dare you to repeat what you said! Are you challenging me to punish you now?” 
A terrifying voice of an old man could be heard, clearly infuriated. Despite the distance, one could still feel the anger emanate through every single one of his words. 
Frederick had slapped Sabrina. 
The sweat in Sasha’s hands intensified when she heard the commotion.
Hurrying up, she finally arrived in the hall full of tension and saw Sabrina reeling on the floor after being slapped. 
Meanwhile, Frederick was holding his walking stick, standing beside her with bloodshot eyes. 
Is she out of her mind? 
Why does she insist on infuriating him when she knows the old man has high blood pressure? What if something undesirable happens? 
Sasha staggered into the hall. “Frederick, calm… calm down. It’s not as serious as you think. As you can see, I’m fine.” 
She quickly grabbed his hand, worried that his temper would flare again. 
Not expecting her to appear all of a sudden, Sebastian shot Luke a fearsome glare, who averted his gaze out of guilt. 
“Alright, Frederick, calm down. Let me help you to your seat.” 
Sasha ignored Sebastian on purpose, who was glaring at her from the upper right-hand corner of the hall. Lowering her gaze, she helped Frederick settle down in front of the hall. 
After a few minutes of rest and a cup of hot tea, Frederick finally got a grip on himself. 
“Sasha, I’m sorry. It appears that our family has caused you to suffer again.” Holding Sasha, his voice was choking from guilt. 
Shaking her head vehemently, she couldn’t bring herself to blame him. After all, he was like a father to her.
Sasha chose to compromise. “Don’t say that, Frederick. It was my fault that Sabrina reacted that way as I had transferred her to the psychiatric department the day before.” 
“What? The psychiatric department?” 
Frederick’s eyes lit up in response. 
Suppressing the conflicting emotions in her heart, Sasha nodded while feigning guilt. 
“Yes, the psychiatric department. I’m sorry, Frederick. When Sabrina came over then, she was ranting emotionally. Worried that it would affect the hospital, I had her sedated and sent to the psychiatric department. I planned to free her when I finished work. But somehow, she managed to let herself out.” 
Just as she expected, Frederick was visibly relieved after hearing her words. 
However, Sebastian’s expression darkened after hearing her explanation. Through his gritted teeth, he spat, “Idiot!” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Forget it. I’ll just pretend I didn’t hear him. 
Still reeling on the floor, Sabrina was surprised that Sasha revealed that unrelated incident. She sneered the moment she heard it. 
What an idiot. Does she think the Hayes will feel grateful to her for doing that? 
At the end of the day, she is no more but a pawn of the family. 
Unfortunately, Sabrina wasn’t grateful for Sasha’s actions at all.
Unexpectedly, when she felt Sebastian’s icy gaze enveloping her, a sense of dread suddenly swelled up within her. 
“So that’s what happened. I had thought that scum harmed you for no good reason. Just a moment ago, I simply had the urge to beat her to death with my walking stick.” 
“No, no, it’s not like that.” 
Both Sasha and Frederick didn’t notice what was going on between the two other persons while they were still focused on Sabrina’s matter. 
Frederick was delighted to hear Sasha’s denial. “That’s good to hear. Was everything alright when you were locked up in the police station yesterday?” 
“Yea, it’s fine. I was in the questioning room the whole time. Nothing much happened inside,” Sasha continued. 
She knew she had to do it given how obvious Frederick’s intentions were. 
Although Frederick treated her well, she was cognizant that Sabrina was still his daughter at the end of the day. From his perspective, he would definitely want to save her and not see her suffer. 
Therefore, she had no choice but to deny it and simply saw it as a means to repay Frederick for the concern he had shown her.
###Chapter 197
Chapter 197
Elated, Frederick ordered a check of twenty million to be prepared and handed it personally to Sasha. 
“Sasha, no matter what, Sabrina has gone overboard this time. Take this compensation as a token of my apology. After this, I will send her overseas for five years where she will be forbidden to return. What do you think?” 
“What?” 
Sasha looked up in shock and couldn’t believe what she heard. 
What do I think of it? 
What other choice do I have? Based on the law, Sabrina has to go to prison to pay for the life she cost. 
But now, he is simply trying to brush it off. 
It seems he had already planned this. Getting me to come was just to complete the charade. 
Hanging her head, Sasha let out a self-deprecating smile. “It sounds good, I…” 
“What do you mean it sounds good? Sasha, do you not have any pride at all? Isn’t your dad his old friend? Brothers-in-arms even? What’s going on now? Are you only worth this much to him?” 
Little did she expect Sebastian to speak out all of a sudden after watching silently the whole time. 
His words were filled with mockery while his expression was one of disdain. However, what he said enraged Frederick. 
“You b*stard! What did you say?”
“Isn’t it obvious what I’m saying? I’m reminding you to live up to your own reputation. When you got me to marry her, didn’t you declare to the whole of Avenport how righteous you were? Now that your daughter pulled such a scheme on her, you’re only paying her twenty million for hush money?” Sebastian brazenly confronted his father. 
Deafening silence descended upon the room while Frederick’s eye began to turn white from anger. 
“Mr. Hayes Sr.!” 
“Dad…” 
Everyone in the hall rushed up to Frederick including Sabrina who quickly scrambled to her feet. 
Sasha was flabbergasted. 
When she finally regained her senses, she saw that Sebastian had no intention of backing down, causing her to grow anxious. Right before he said another word, she dashed up to him and quickly covered his mouth with her hands. 
“Shut up! Don’t make it worse.” 
Caught by surprise, Sebastian froze. 
All that was left was his fearsome eyes staring down intently at her hand. She could see his beautiful eyelashes spreading out just like two small fans. 
How dare she do this to me? 
Sasha hadn’t realized how reckless her actions were as she had focused her attention on what was going on in the hall.
She didn’t expect Sebastian to say something so impudent. That’s his dad he is talking to. Isn’t he worried that Frederick would burst a vessel from anger? 
Those that were outside rushed in when they saw the commotion in the hall. Meanwhile, Frederick looked as if he was about to launch an angry tirade, causing Sasha to be filled with anxiety. 
“Quick, what are you spacing out there for? Are you trying to start a fight?” 
Turning around in frustration, her gaze locked with Sebastian’s, whose eyes had always been mesmerizing. 
When he saw the look on her face the moment she realized how ridiculous her action was, his deep eyes were filled with amusement and intrigue, causing Sasha’s heart to skip a beat. 
My God! 
What have I done! 
Realizing what she had done, Sasha retracted her hand at lightning speed and blushed like a tomato. 
“I’m sorry, I… I didn’t intend to do that.” 
She panicked as she had never been in such close proximity with him before, let alone make such an intimate action. 
All she wanted to do now was to disappear in embarrassment. 
Sebastian sensed her nervousness without saying a word. Stroking his lips with his slender fingers, he suddenly lifted his gaze.
At the same time, she took a deep breath in anticipation of him scolding or humiliating her. After all, she knew he hated her a lot. 
However, what came as a surprise was that he didn’t lose his temper. After staring at her briefly, he got up from his chair. 
“Are you sure you want me to leave?” 
“What?” 
Sasha looked up at once. 
Growing impatient, Sebastian straightened his jacket fuming. As his razor-sharp gaze swept the messy hall, he chided them with a contemptuous warning, “I’m leaving. Now, you can’t do anything to her anymore.” 
Sasha was stunned to see that he was pointing at Sabrina. 
In response, Sabrina cursed at him so loudly it could be heard from afar, “Sebastian, you assh*le! I curse you to not be able to live to see tomorrow!” 
When Sasha heard how venomous Sabrina’s words against her own brother were, she suddenly had an epiphany. 
From that moment on, her heart was conflicted.
###Chapter 198
Chapter 198
“Have I not thought of exacting revenge on her? She’s your sister for goodness sake. What can I do? Should I really send her to prison? If I did, how am I going to explain to your dad or even face him?” 
Hanging her head, she suppressed the bitterness that was welling up inside her heart. 
In truth, she was already feeling much better. 
She couldn’t deny that she was secretly delighted to see Sebastian stand up for her in the end. More so than if Frederick was the one who backed her up. 
She was just that gullible. 
Despite his repeated attempts at hurting her and pushing her into the abyss, all the defenses she put up against him would waver the moment he showed her some concern. 
Luckily, after she said her piece, Sebastian didn’t argue any further. Giving her a look of disappointment, he snapped, “I have not seen such a silly woman before!” 
With that, he turned and left. 
After being stumped for a moment, she followed him out. 
Aren’t I silly? 
After letting the matter slide, Sasha was sure that Sabrina would attempt to harm her again. After all, she was extremely ruthless and narrow-minded, to the extent she couldn’t tolerate having anyone that she couldn’t control by her side. 
Sasha was worried that Sabrina would stir up trouble again very soon.
After she came out of the house, she assumed that she would be leaving with Luke. But for some reason, there was no sign of him anywhere. All she saw was the Bentley with its taillights blinking. 
Should I go over? Or shouldn’t I? 
Sasha hesitated as she wasn’t sure if it was waiting for her. Furthermore, from past experience, there was no way he would wait for her. After all, they were no longer connected in any way. 
Sasha then decided to head home by herself. 
However, just when she took a step, the car honked. Turning to look, she saw the driver’s window half- open. “What are you doing?” 
Sasha froze briefly before heading towards the car with her head lowered. 
A few minutes later, after Sasha got in and they were on their way, Sebastian questioned with an angry tone, “Sasha, what were you doing just now?” 
“Huh?” 
Sitting awkwardly in the back seat, she racked her brains in response. “I was… wasn’t doing anything. I just wanted to take a cab home.” 
“Are you blind?” 
“Hah?” 
Sasha was now utterly bewildered. 
She wondered why he was suddenly so agitated as she had no idea what she did to offend him.
Unknown to her, Sebastian’s attitude towards her had undergone a hundred and eighty-degree change. Now, her attempts at avoiding him made him feel disconcerted instead. 
What has gotten into him? 
In the end, Sebastian sulked in silence as he drove. 
Since he didn’t say a word, Sasha didn’t dare break the silence too. Sitting at the back seat, she sneaked a glance at him. 
When she didn’t get a response, she turned her attention outside the window. 
By then, darkness had blanketed the sky. During a winter night, it was rare for the moon or the stars to show themselves. Hence, all she could see were rows of street lamps that she was passing by one by one. The dim yellow light they were emitting made one feel lonely and desolate. 
It felt like it was almost the holiday season. 
And that was what flashed through Sasha’s mind. 
Buzz! Buzz! 
Suddenly, while Sasha was looking out the window deep in thought, her phone rang, and she answered immediately. 
“Hello?” 
“Mommy, it’s Vivi. Where are you? The king crab we have prepared is ready. When are you coming over to eat it?” 
When she heard the squeaky voice over the phone, all Sasha’s troubles seemed to melt away.
“Oh Vivi, it’s you. I’m already on the way home. Why don’t all of you go ahead?” 
“No, we want to wait for you. By the way, is Daddy coming back too?” Vivian suddenly asked in anticipation. 
Sasha turned her attention to the front. Underneath the dim light inside the car, she could make out the broad shoulders of his back facing her. However, she couldn’t catch a glimpse of his face. 
Nevertheless, they were both on the way home, causing a sense of sudden warmth to envelop her. 
“Mmm-hmm. He will be arriving with me in a while.” 
“Wow! That’s awesome. I’m going to tell my brothers. In that case, Mommy, I’ll see you later,” Vivi exclaimed happily. 
Sasha ended the call with equal delight. 
Meanwhile, having listened in on their conversation, Sebastian looked in the rearview mirror and asked, “Was little girl on the line just now?” 
Sasha nodded, “Yes.” 
She paused a moment when she thought about his relationship with Vivian. As she wanted both of them to bond further, she added, “She even asked about you. She wanted to know if you will be joining us for dinner?” 
Given how smart Sebastian was, he had already guessed the contents of their conversation.
###Chapter 199
Chapter 199
Unlike his previous reactions, Sebastian didn’t reject her invitation with displeasure. Instead, he actually gave it some serious thought. 
All of a sudden, he furrowed his eyebrows. “Is her biological father really dead?” 
Sasha responded, “Huh?” 
Sebastian expression darkened. “What do you mean ‘huh’? Even if her father is dead, doesn’t he have any relatives? Are they all dead too?” 
Sasha thought to herself, how cruel can he be to curse the Hayes family? 
Sasha averted her gaze in her reply. 
“No… not really. Her grandpa and aunt are still around.” 
“Then why don’t you let them take care of her? Why are you raising that many children alone?” 
“Isn’t it obvious? I’m the one that’s supposed to raise her since I gave birth to her. If I let someone else do it, what if they mistreat her? Can you bear it if they starve her or even worse, abuse her?” 
Sasha shot back fiercely at his ridiculous comments, silencing Sebastian. 
For some inexplicable reason, when he heard her mention that Vivian would go hungry and might be abused, the sudden image of Vivian’s innocent face flashed across his mind, causing him to feel upset. 
That’s true. How can she give away her own children? 
Sebastian didn’t say another word for the rest of the journey.
Consequently, Sasha too remained silent. Sometimes, she felt that he was so sharp that he could see through anyone easily. And yet, he could still be ridiculously blind at times. 
Isn’t it obvious you’re her dad? 
Both of them remained silent until they arrived at Frontier Bay. 
“I’ll get down first.” Sasha wanted to alight at once. 
“Sasha, listen well. Sabrina is someone that’s extremely vengeful. For the time being, you’d better stay here and not venture anywhere else.” 
Suddenly, Sebastian warned her in a tone that she had never heard before. 
Ah! 
Sasha was caught by surprise. The moment she turned around, her gaze met with his. She could see the cold yet authoritative glow in his eyes. 
“Alright, I… I understand,” she stuttered as she tried to hold back her racing heart. 
After all, she was well aware of how ruthless Sabrina’s character and methods were. Therefore, she didn’t doubt his words one bit and was sincere in her reply. 
However, just as she spoke, Sebastian sneered, “Make sure you take my words seriously and not have any funny ideas. Or else, with your intellect, you wouldn’t know what hit you when she has you captured.” 
At that very moment, Sasha was outraged. 
After all, she had survived five years overseas by herself. She didn’t see any reason why she had to suddenly live in utter fear of Sabrina now that she was back.
Sasha retorted angrily, “Based on what you’re saying, how long should I hide from her? My whole life?” 
Sebastian raised his eyebrows. “Why not? It will just be like me hiring a nanny for the children. With my wealth, taking care of you for the rest of your life isn’t going to be a problem.” 
How dare this assh*le even laugh at the end… 
Sasha was outraged. 
Bam! After kicking the door open and jumping out of the car, she turned around and pointed at him angrily. “You must be dreaming! Why don’t you be the nanny? Or even better, you should go kill yourself!” 
After her tirade, Sasha stormed off. 
From afar, he could still hear her cursing non-stop. 
Grinning to himself, Sebastian got out of the car and closed the door calmly. After which, he followed her inside. 
When the bodyguard at Royal Court One saw Sebastian, he greeted, “Mr. Hayes, welcome back.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
Sebastian nodded slightly in response as he caught a glimpse of Sasha’s silhouette when she was about to enter the villa. In the very next moment, his gaze flashed with an icy coldness. 
“Prepare the helicopter and send Sabrina away tonight.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.”
The bodyguard wasn’t surprised at all. 
After all, Sebastian had always behaved that way. Once he had decided upon something, there was no changing his mind regardless of whether it was about going to the Hayes residence or if his wife would even appear. 
None of those mattered once Sebastian had his mind made up. 
The bodyguard quickly disappeared into the darkness. 
That night, despite being protected, Sabrina disappeared from her room. All that was left on the floor was an empty bottle of anesthetic. 
When Frederick got wind of it, he quickly rushed to the scene and almost fainted when he arrived. 
“Sebastian! You b*stard! That’s your sister for goodness sake.” 
Tears filled his eyes as he was powerless against his son’s ruthless methods. 
Meanwhile, when the butler, Tim, arrived at the scene and saw the anesthetic, he sighed. “Mr. Hayes, looks like Sebastian really has feelings for Sasha.” 
“What did you say?” 
Amidst his fury, Frederick raised his head and glared at him.
###Chapter 200
Chapter 200
That night, Sasha didn’t sleep in the study on the third floor. Instead, she returned to her bedroom on the second floor. 
Hence, the second floor was particularly lively that night. 
“Mommy, are you sleeping with me tonight? My bed is especially comfy!” 
“Of course not. Mommy, don’t listen to Vivi. She just wants to sleep with you. You should come to my room instead.” 
When Matteo saw that his sister wanted to cling to Sasha, he stormed over and foiled her plan cruelly. Instead, he invited Sasha to his room. 
It was normal for a five-year-old to want to sleep with his mom. Any other kid would pine for their parents the same way at that age. Nevertheless, Matteo was already more mature than his peers. 
When Sasha heard his rare request, she hugged him and agreed. 
“No, come over to my room!” 
At that moment, Ian approached them. 
When he saw Sasha agreeing to Matteo’s request, he too squeezed into her embrace with a reluctant expression. 
Sasha was at a loss. 
What am I going to do with them? 
Left without a choice, she allowed all three to join her in her room.
“Why don’t I tell you a story. After that, all of you sweeties will have to go back to your respective rooms to sleep, alright?” 
“Alright!” 
At that moment, the kids eagerly agreed. 
Hence, Sasha took out a book from Ian’s room and sat by the bed. She allowed them to snuggle up to her as she began to read the story to them. 
“Today, when I arrived at school, Mr. Holt asked me, ‘Ally, are you going to write it or not?’ His tone was extremely sharp…” 
What is this book? 
After reading further, Sasha felt something was wrong. She stopped immediately and looked at the cover. 
When Ian saw it, he clenched his little hands which a moment ago was used as a snack box by Vivian. 
“The Flying Fish? Little Ian, did Daddy buy this for you?” 
“Mmm-hmm…” Ian replied as his gaze darkened. 
The next moment, he hung his head and didn’t have the courage to look at the three of them. 
Daddy told me that these books were suited for me. Now that Mommy and Matt have seen them, will they think less of me? And wonder why am I reading books like this? Perhaps, they might think that I’m not a normal child? 
Ian was exceptionally upset.
“It’s a good book, Little Ian. Daddy really loves you. I have wanted to buy this book for Matt and Vivi but could never find it.” 
“Really?” 
Ian lifted his head in disbelief. Suddenly, his eyes were filled with delight. 
Given how savvy Matteo was, he immediately recognized Sasha’s intention. 
Hence, he acted in concert with Sasha. “That’s right. We didn’t manage to buy it. Ian, if Mommy doesn’t finish it tonight, can I borrow it from you?” 
“Me too! Me too! I want to borrow it too!” 
Vivian blindly joined in as she just didn’t want to miss out on whatever her brother wanted. 
Consequently, Ian was cheered up by their response and nodded vehemently, agreeing to their request. 
After that, Sasha continued with the story. This time the children huddled tightly by her side, listening to her gentle voice describing the events in the book. 
It was a beautiful scene. Unknown to them, Sebastian was watching and it warmed his heart in the middle of a blisteringly cold winter. 
The next morning, Sebastian left early. 
However, before he did, he reminded the bodyguards at the villa to strictly not allow Sasha to leave. 
Hence, after Sasha woke up with the children and came downstairs, she prepared to head to the hospital to check in on the others.
Suddenly, a bodyguard stood in front of her and stopped her. 
“Ms. Wand, I’m sorry. Mr. Hayes has instructed that you’re not allowed to leave here for the time being.” 
“I know. I just want to check in at the hospital as I still have some unfinished business there,” Sasha casually replied before trying to move ahead. 
She had not taken Sebastian’s words from last night seriously and didn’t think he would actually do it. 
After all, they were no longer related and there was no reason for him to protect her to that extent. She felt she was not deserving off that honor. 
Furthermore, there was no way that she could keep staying at the villa as she still had a lot of work to do at the hospital. Although she had cleared her name, she still needed to drop by to check. 
What if I lose my job? 
But, the moment she took a step, the bodyguard blocked her way again. 
“Ms. Wand, please cooperate with us.” 
Damn it! 
Sasha widened her eyes and looked at him in disbelief. Left without a choice, she went back into the house feeling upset. 
Something must have gotten into him to actually try and restrict my movements. 
As Sasha headed back into the villa gloomily, Wendy happened to walk out. When she saw Sasha, she waved at her. “Ms. Wand, come over quickly. I have something for you.” 
“What is it?”
Sasha approached her. 
Finally, the maid took out a checklist and counted the items on it. She then realized that there were more than thirty items in total.
###Chapter 201
Chapter 201
What is going on? 
She gave the maid a puzzled look. “Wendy, what’s this?” 
“This is the boys’ daily schedule. Look, it starts from the moment they wake up, have breakfast, and until the teacher comes over for home tutoring. Ms. Wand, there’s a lot to do every day.” 
Realizing Sasha still didn’t understand, Wendy went through the list again and explained it line by line to her. 
When Sasha first heard that it was about the children, she continued to listen intently. However, when she noticed the list included time slots for cleaning up the children’s room and delivering milk to them, it suddenly dawned upon her what was going on. 
This isn’t right. Aren’t these the maid’s work? Why are they being handed to me? 
Unless, that assh*le… 
When she suddenly recalled what Sebastian had said last night, her eyes glowered in anger. “Wait a minute, Wendy. Who asked you to give this to me?” 
“Mr. Hayes. He said that going forward, you will be in charge of everything related to the children. Don’t you know?” 
Wendy looked at her in surprise. 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
The f*ck I know anything.
That piece of shit just mentioned it in passing last night. Besides, I rejected him on the spot too. Who knew he would still insist on it this morning. 
Fuming, Sasha stormed upstairs and looked for her phone in her bedroom. 
Buzz… Buzz! Buzz! 
“Hello?” 
After ringing for more than ten seconds, she finally got through and heard a voice answer languidly. 
Sasha exploded in rage. “Sebastian, how dare you take me for a nanny? Are you crazy? Me, a nanny? I’m the mother of your children!” 
Despite the fact she wasn’t on speaker, her voice was still loud enough to echo through the room. 
Consequently, all the members of senior management in the meeting room became silent, especially the few who sat closest to Sebastian. 
When they heard the words “mother of your children”, their ears were pricked with attention. 
Mother of your children? 
Isn’t that Mr. Hayes’ ex-wife? Since when are they still so close? Furthermore, even Ms. Green doesn’t dare to yell over the phone is such a ferocious tone. 
All of them were suddenly excited over it. 
After all, their president was always in a volatile mood. A trivial mistake would cause his temper to flare easily. However, he had no reaction whatsoever to the fuming voice on the phone. 
“Is there a conflict between the two?”
“What do you think? I’m the children’s mother and yet you see me as their nanny? Are you nuts? Why should I lower my standing in front of my own children? Who gave you the right?” 
When Sasha didn’t sense any remorse from him, she continued her tirade. 
However, what surprised her was that Sebastian didn’t seem to be angry at all. Instead, he seemed to be enjoying himself listening to her rant. 
“Just based on the fact that you can’t go out now and have to stay obediently at my place. Sasha, I don’t take in freeloaders. Besides, you are the one that assumes yourself to be the nanny. Haven’t you been taking care and waiting on the children all the time as their mother?” 
Sasha had nothing to say against that. 
After pondering about it, she realized that other than the fixed schedule, she was doing everything on the list after all. 
“Furthermore, I still pay you a salary. As long as you take care of the children, your monthly pay plus bonus will total a hundred thousand. It’s a lot more than what they pay you at that dilapidated hospital. Sasha, aren’t you satisfied still?” 
This is an utter insult! 
However, the fury that Sasha felt gradually began to dissipate. With that, she ended the call with a click. 
Forget it, Sebastian may be an idiot but he’s rich. There’s no point in refusing the good money he is paying. 
Sasha decided to set her ego aside and accept the job.
Back in the meeting room, Sebastian saw all the members of senior management gaping at him. He raised his eyebrows in exasperation. “What are you staring at? Haven’t you seen someone have an argument before?” 
Everyone meekly averted their gaze at once. 
We really haven’t! 
Finally, Sasha settled down in the villa. Her duty every day was to watch the children and accompany them during class. There were all kinds of classes arranged for the children and different teachers would arrive for their respective lessons. 
Is there a need for so many lessons? 
One day, when Sasha saw Matteo who was the most sensible among the children looking drained at piano class, she couldn’t help but ask Wendy about it. 
“Wendy, why do they need to have so many classes?” 
“Erm, it has always been this way. When Mr. Hayes was young, he had the same number of classes. So, when Ian was born, Mr. Hayes got him all those teachers. I suppose it’s for the sake of grooming him.” 
Unable to give a good reason for it, Wendy simply told Sasha what she knew. 
Having heard Wendy, Sasha turned her attention to the two boys and had a sudden realization. 
That’s true. I’ve almost forgotten that those two boys aren’t the children of an ordinary family. They are the heirs to Hayes Corporation and will have to bear a heavy responsibility in the future.
###Chapter 202
Chapter 202
As for Ian, although he was weaker than Matteo in terms of his physical and character attributes, five years of meticulous education had caused him to surpass his brother in many other aspects. 
When Sasha saw how Ian could play the violin gracefully by the lake just like a gentleman, the sympathy she felt for the children slowly dissipated. 
After that, she brought an empty plate and joined Vivian’s cooking class. 
Luckily, I still have a daughter where I can decide what she learns. 
After seeing the light, Sasha slowly settled into her new life. Every day, she would stay by the children’s side and made sure they were well fed. 
Somehow, she was also puzzled by what had gone into Sebastian. Recently, his attitude toward her had changed for the better. Although he would still mock her once in a while, he never caused her any real trouble. 
What’s going on? Did his character change? 
Isn’t he still divorcing me? 
Sasha couldn’t fathom what the current situation was. However, since Sebastian never broached the topic, she too kept mum about it. She was worried that the current equilibrium would be broken and the blissful life she was enjoying with the children would end. 
Until one day, Frederick came by for a sudden visit. 
“My grandchildren! Let me take a look at all of you. You are just like little bunnies, who only know how to stay put and never visit me.”
The moment Frederick arrived and saw the children playing happily in the garden, he couldn’t help but complain. 
When Sasha saw him, she quickly poured him a cup of coffee. “I’m sorry, Frederick, they are just too focused on playing. After this, I’ll remind them to visit you more often.” 
“Looks like you understand me best.” 
Frederick was relieved to hear Sasha’s reply as he received the coffee she offered him. Sitting in the garden and bathing underneath the sunlight, he leisurely took a sip. 
As Sasha knew his habits well, she brought him a plate of pine nuts together with his coffee. She even helped him remove the nutshells. 
“By the way, I heard you have been living here for some time. How do you find it?” 
“It’s a good life. All I do now is raise the children and nothing else.” 
Sasha casually replied. 
It was truly how she felt recently. She initially thought that it would be a disaster and that she would be arguing with Sebastian all the time. But unexpectedly, life had actually been peaceful. 
Frederick heaved a sigh of relief when he read her reply. 
“That’s good news. Actually, it’s really tough for the children to be away from their mom. All you need to do is just look at them to know. With their parents by their sides, they would be smiling all day. Sasha, have you actually considered not to proceed with the divorce? And just continue on together?” Suddenly, Frederick asked solemnly while watching the children play happily in the garden. 
Sasha who just happened to be refilling his coffee froze.
“Not going through with the divorce? Nono, Frederick, you have misunderstood me. I… I don’t mean that. I’m staying here, because… because Sebastian wants me to avoid Sabrina for the time being. He said that Sabrina is still furious at me…” 
Even Sasha didn’t know why she was feeling nervous. All of a sudden, she frantically explained herself, out of fear that Frederick would misunderstand. 
However, Frederick was stunned by her response. 
“Avoid your sister? She’s no longer here. I have sent her overseas just as I told you. I won’t allow her to come back for the next five years.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was shocked again. 
Sabrina is no longer here? She didn’t know as no one told her about it. 
She felt even more desperate, worried that Frederick would assume she was clinging on and refused to leave. “I… I really don’t know anything about it. In that case, I’ll move out tomorrow.” 
“Why do you want to move out? Isn’t everything wonderful now? Sasha, I’m being serious. If you are willing not to proceed with the divorce, I will tell Sebastian about it and get him to cancel his wedding with Xandra…” 
“No, I want a divorce. I will divorce him!” 
Before Frederick could finish, Sasha jumped up in rage as if someone had stepped on her toe. She vehemently declared that she must get her divorce. 
Frederick was stunned.
What’s going on with her? He had wanted her to stay on as his daughter-in-law and was puzzled by such an emotional reaction. 
Finally, Frederick didn’t say anything further. After sitting for a while, Tim came over to remind him that they needed to return as it was time for his medication. He then stood up to leave. 
“It is entirely up to you whether you want a divorce or not. However, I hope you won’t be a stranger at my end. Your aunt’s sixtieth birthday is coming up, so I hope you can make it,” Frederick remarked as he was about to leave. 
When Frederick brought up her aunt, he naturally meant Matilda Hayes. 
Already confused, Sasha nodded at Frederick’s invitation without giving it much thought. 
After they left, out of sight of Sasha, Tim asked, “Mr. Hayes, is everything ready?” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
Within just a few minutes, Frederick’s expression darkened further compared to when he was still inside Royal Court One. 
Consequently, Tim heaved a sigh of relief.
###Chapter 203
Chapter 203
“Ms. Wand resents Sebastian a lot for all that he has done to her. Hence, it’s reasonable for her to feel apprehensive when you suggested that she don’t divorce Sebastian. However, I don’t understand why you are doing this all of a sudden? Before this, didn’t you really wish for her to stay?” 
The butler brazenly got the burning question off his chest. 
Just as he spoke, Frederick, who had reached the car with his walking stick, stopped in his tracks. 
Why? 
Perhaps, she was more suited when she was obedient and could be controlled. 
But now, the situation had changed. She was no longer the lady by his side. Instead, she had someone else by hers. 
And that person, was someone that he couldn’t control. 
The thought that he had a clueless daughter caused Frederick’s expression to darken. With that, he proceeded to leave. 
That night, when Sebastian returned home, he could feel that the atmosphere was different. 
“You’re back.” 
Under the bright lights of the dining room, Sasha was in her apron as she stood beside the table filled with food. Her hair was tied to the back in a ponytail, exposing the flawless complexion of her face. It also accentuated her exquisite features and it was a pretty sight to behold. 
Today, he was especially mesmerized by her glistening eyes when she smiled, just like the sparkling waters of a spring in the desert.
“Hmm, where are the children?” he asked. 
Realizing he was staring rudely, he averted his gaze and took out his laptop as a distraction. 
Sasha came over and pulled out his chair for him. Also, she gave him a hot towel to clean his hands. 
Sebastian was curious. 
What is she doing? 
“They already had dinner. Given how late it is now, they should likely be sleeping,” Sasha replied plainly as she filled Sebastian’s plate. 
It was already past nine and indeed late for the children. 
Sebastian didn’t say another word as he sat down and prepared to eat. 
However, just when he wanted to dig in, he noticed that she didn’t walk away. Instead, she pulled up a chair and sat down. All she did was check her phone and didn’t interrupt him. 
That itself was something out of the ordinary. 
When he came home previously, she would never be there to serve him. But now that she was accompanying him for dinner, it was enough to arouse his suspicions. 
Is there something on her mind? 
Sebastian put down his cutlery and looked at her. “Do you have something you want to say?” 
“Huh?” Sasha who was just scrolling through social media looked up. “No, you should finish your dinner first. We’ll talk when you’re done.”
As expected, she wouldn’t be doing this unless she has an agenda! 
Sebastian didn’t continue with his meal. After drinking from the glass she had served him, he ordered, “Speak!” 
Her fingers froze for a moment before she put down her phone and turned her attention toward him. 
“It’s nothing in particular… I just want to ask you if you’re free to deal with the matter between us?” 
“Which matter?” Sebastian didn’t understand. 
“The… divorce. You wanted me to go through it the other day.” Sasha clenched her fist as she finally gathered the courage to say those words. 
Silence fell upon the dining room as if everything was frozen in time. 
At that moment, it was so quiet that one could hear a pin drop. 
Now that I finally brought is up, is he glad? 
After all, he is going to marry the love of his life. 
Sasha suddenly felt like mocking herself when just two days ago, she wondered why he stopped talking about the divorce. 
Now that she thought about it, she figured it was to protect her. If he brought it up and she couldn’t take it, she would leave and end up being captured by Sabrina, which would be a disaster. 
From that perspective, she felt grateful to him for tolerating her presence given how much he hated her. 
Sasha tightened the grip of her fists.
However, after a brief silence, Sebastian unexpectedly raised his eyebrows and look at her coldly. 
“I don’t want a divorce.” 
“What?” Sasha widened her eyes. “Don’t want… a divorce?” 
Sebastian nodded. “Do you think it’s a good time to get divorced now? Think about the children, they’re just five. Do you want them to continue living in a single-parent family? Or in other words, are you willing to give up custody of Matteo?” 
“No! Definitely not!” Sasha protested immediately. 
Achieving his ive, Sebastian smirked before picking up his cutlery again. “That’s why my suggestion is that we shouldn’t divorce for the next few years.” 
Stunned, Sasha felt as if she had been tossed a bomb. 
Wait a minute, what does he mean? Why does he suddenly not want a divorce? 
It’s true that taking the children into account, a divorce will be bad for their growth. But, isn’t he going to marry that lady? If we don’t divorce, how is he going to do that?
###Chapter 204
Chapter 204
Sasha stared at him in shock as she was unable to digest the sudden change in the situation. 
“What are you staring at me for? Do you still want a divorce? Did you fall for another man and desperately want to get married? Sasha, don’t forget that you have jinxed two husbands already.” 
Sebastian suddenly made the harsh comments while eating leisurely. 
Having heard him, Sasha’s earlier confusion cleared itself up as rage engulfed her. 
“What did you say? Who jinxed two husbands?” 
“Am I wrong? I was cursed by you to not have a good night’s sleep for the past five years. While you caused Vivian’s dad to die. So, can you stop bringing misfortune to other men?” 
Bam! 
Sasha slammed the table forcefully as she jumped to her feet in rage. “I hope you choke to death tonight. And both my husbands will then be dead!” 
With that, she shook her fist at him and stormed upstairs. 
How dare that idiot accuses me of being a jinx to my husband. I sure hope he dies tonight so that I can live up to my “name”. 
Sasha returned to her room, fuming. 
Unknown to her, Sebastian smiled smugly the moment she left. 
As the dining room returned to normality, he could still hear the sound of angry flip-flops. He then continued eating with a smug smile on his face.
What a fool. 
After dinner, Sebastian went up to the third floor. 
Just when he took off his jacket, the phone on his table rang. It was his personal line that he hardly checked. He answered, “Hello?” 
“Sebastian, it’s Xandra. Today… did you see the messages I have sent you earlier? My book is about to be published, and I will return in the next two days. Can you come to pick me up from the airport?” 
It was Xandra on the line. 
While putting her question across carefully, she made sure her voice was gentle and submissive so as to please Sebastian. 
Unfortunately, it backfired when his expression darkened instead. 
Without even saying a word, he ended the call. 
At that moment, Xandra who was still overseas smashed her phone onto the ground. 
Why? 
Why is he treating me this way? Even if I had lied to him, I was still the one who wrote the letters over the last four years. Do the letters not have any meaning when compared to those from six years ago? Isn’t it the thought that counts? 
She was being driven hysterical. 
When Kelly heard the commotion, she walked over. “What are you doing? Didn’t I tell you not to call him?”
Xandra was so emotional that she grimaced in rage. “Why can’t I call him? I didn’t do anything wrong, and I did write him the letters. Why does he only recognize the six years’ worth of letters from her and not mine?” Xandra cried out in agony. 
Unknown to her, Sebastian didn’t recognize the six years’ worth of letters that Sasha wrote too. 
When he first knew about it, he was equally outraged and couldn’t accept it. It simply intensified his hatred toward her. Or else, he wouldn’t have wanted a divorce right away. 
However, Sasha’s major incident occurred after that. 
He assumed he had hated her. But that night, when he heard about it and rushed over, he saw her corpse-like figure in the interrogation room. 
At that very moment, he panicked. 
It never crossed his mind that he would ever be frightened. 
He couldn’t wait for her to disappear. But yet, when that image flashed before his eyes, he felt as if she was a bubble in the air, which could disappear anytime from a momentary lapse of concentration. 
He realized that it didn’t bring him any joy. 
All he felt was a growing sense of horror and panic. It was as if his heart was being torn from him. The thought that she would no longer be around caused his limbs to freeze and his soul to be lost. 
Therefore, he was caught off guard by the fact that she had started to take root in his heart. 
And all that had nothing to do with the letters.
Even if it did, it was what was behind the letters. Bit by bit, just like poison, the feelings permeated his bones. 
It was something Xandra didn’t have. 
Finally, Kelly had no choice but to give Frederick a call. Unexpectedly, his attitude toward her had changed. 
“Since we’re going to have the wedding soon, why don’t we make it on his aunt’s birthday. Bring your niece and we will consider them as having met each other’s parents. Furthermore, I will not have any ions,” Frederick asserted over the phone despite sounding reluctant. 
However, Frederick’s tone was the last thing Kelly was concerned about as she was already jumping with joy. “Alright, alright. Thank you, Mr. Hayes!” 
Aunt? 
Isn’t that Matilda? 
Compared to the two men of the Hayes family, she is a lot easier to manipulate. All I need to do is to send her some expensive presents. Furthermore, I heard that her son is pursuing the mayor’s daughter. As long as I pull some strings, everything will be sorted out. 
Kelly’s eyes finally lit up.
###Chapter 205
Chapter 205
Sasha slept very well that night. 
Even when she didn’t want to admit that despite having a big fight with Sebastian, she managed to sleep especially soundly. 
Is it because I don’t want a divorce too? 
No, that can’t be. I must be feeling this way because of the children. By not going through with the divorce, I don’t have to be separated from them, and we can all continue living together happily. 
She convinced herself that that was the case and consequently calmed down. 
In the morning, Sebastian had left for work early while Sasha routinely washed up and prepared the kids for breakfast and class. 
However, when the teacher arrived, she told Sasha that she wanted Ian who had been learning violin for some time to participate in a performance. So that he could learn to be bolder. 
Thinking that it was a wonderful idea, Sasha readily agreed. Just when she wanted to accompany Ian there, Matteo and Vivian insisted on coming along. 
“I want to go and watch Ian perform too!” 
“That’s right, Mommy. On such an important occasion, Ian definitely needs us there to support him. With Vivi and I going, we will be able to help him garner a lot of support. Don’t you think so, Ian?” 
Matteo was the savvy one as he tried to use Ian as an excuse. 
Without any hesitation, Ian nodded. “Mmm-hmm!” 
He had wanted them to come along anyway.
Left without a choice, Sasha brought all three of them along. 
Luckily, the teacher had no ions either. 
With the four of them in the car, Matteo and Vivian chatted excitedly in anticipation of Ian’s performance. 
As for Ian, he was feeling a little anxious. 
Noticing his reaction, Sasha hugged and reassured him, “Little Ian, what’s wrong? Are you feeling nervous? Don’t worry, all of us will be by your side. This is a wonderful opportunity to gain some exposure. It doesn’t matter even if you lose.” 
Meanwhile, the teacher wondered if he should tell Mr. Hayes about it first. In case something went wrong, he would end up being blamed for it. 
Having heard Sasha’s words of encouragement, Ian began to feel more relaxed and began playing with his siblings. 
After about forty minutes, they arrived at the city’s grand theater. 
“Alright, we’re here. Ms. Wand, I’ll go get the entrance passes while you stay here and look after the children.” 
“No problem, please go ahead.” 
After giving the teacher her reassurances and watching him leave, she and the children began to look around. 
Inside the grand theater, Sasha wasn’t aware that not any ordinary performance can be held there. As it was a government-owned facility, only events of a certain stature were allowed.
As for the teacher, he had fought for this opportunity for Ian just because he was Sebastian’s son. 
“Ah! Mommy, Mommy, come and take a look at this poster. The TSQ symphony orchestra. Ian is going to participate in this.” 
Suddenly, Vivian’s squeaky voice rang out through the spacious lobby. 
A symphony orchestra? 
When Matteo heard about it, he rushed to Vivian’s side, “Let me see, let me see! It really is a symphony orchestra. Ian, it seems your opportunity for practice is a really formal one.” 
Although Matteo had no idea about the classical music industry, he could feel from the words “symphony orchestra” that this performance wasn’t just any ordinary opportunity.” 
However, before Ian could reply, a group of children holding musical instruments exclaimed, “Practice? Did he actually call this performance a practice?” 
“That’s right. From which hole did he crawl out from to dare treat a performance by the TSQ symphony orchestra as practice?” 
“Is he from some prominent family?” 
The ripple had slowly turned into a wave. One by one, the other participants in the hall, turned their attention toward Matteo and his group. 
At that moment, Sasha wasn’t there as she had gone to look for the teacher. 
Just a moment ago, the teacher had sent her a message saying that he needed Ian’s ID to obtain the entrance pass. Hence, she went over to look for him.
As Matteo didn’t expect his words to stir up such a big commotion, he subconsciously hid behind Ian’s back. 
“Ian, did I say something wrong?” 
Ian didn’t reply. 
As someone who had played the violin for a long time, Ian naturally knew the TSQ symphony orchestra. It wasn’t just one of the top orchestras in the nation. In fact, it was even famous on the international stage. For anyone that played musical instruments, performing with them was considered a great honor. Hence, everyone would try their best to fight for an opportunity to do so. 
Therefore, when Matteo talked as if Ian’s performance with them was just practice, it was no wonder he infuriated everyone there. 
Dressed in a suit and looking like a prince, Ian glared coldly at everyone else. Immediately, he stepped forward to keep his brother safe behind him. 
“No, their role is to help with my practice.”
###Chapter 206
Chapter 206
Wow! 
This cool kid can now speak so many words at one go. 
He even looks especially intimidating! 
Hiding behind Ian, Matteo made a face at the others. “Did you hear that? My brother says that all of you are here just for his amusement. What are you going to do about it?” 
“That’s right! Hmph!” 
Behind Ian, Vivian waved her small yet chubby fist as she glowered at the crowd. 
“These bunch of scoundrels are just so annoying!” 
The crowd was infuriated by their provocative words. A few of the children, who weren’t much older than Matteo, approached him with the intention of beating him up. 
Trying to beat me up? 
Fine, let’s see who gets beaten up in the end? A long time had passed since he had been in a fight and he was itching for one. 
Never shying from a good fight, Matteo rolled up his sleeves, exposing his tender arms. Nevertheless, those little arms of his were filled with strength and devastating power. 
The children opposite him were dumbfounded and so was Ian. 
Just went the fight was about to break out, the teachers who were sorting out the entrance passes a while ago returned. Amongst them were Ian’s teacher and Sasha.
“Little Ian, Matteo, what are you doing? The passes are ready. Let’s go in quickly now.” 
“That’s right, Ian. Let’s go. Your performance is second on the program.” 
“Alright, Mommy!” 
The triplets acknowledged Sasha’s instructions and followed her and Ian’s teacher inside. 
Just when they were leaving, Matteo turned around and made a face at the group. 
There nothing you can do to us! 
“That pipsqueak! I’m going to kill him!” 
The crowd was outraged by Matteo’s taunt. One of the boys in a white suit charged forward to beat Matteo up. 
Luckily, someone managed to restrain him before he could get far. 
“Don’t hold a grudge against those little punks as there’s no point in doing so. The performance will be broadcasted on national TV. If he treats it as practice, he will end up embarrassing himself in front of the whole nation.” 
“Really? That’s fantastic!” 
Having heard those words, the group of children that were furious at Matteo felt their anger recede. Instead, they were now waiting in anticipation for Ian to fail and humiliate himself. 
You damn pipsqueak. Just you wait! 
Inside the concert hall, both Sasha and Ian’s teacher had heard about the broadcast.
“Ian, I just heard that this concert will be broadcasted on national TV. Therefore, you have to do your best, alright?” 
“Right, Little Ian. You have to seize this wonderful opportunity. When it’s being broadcasted on TV, Daddy will also be able to watch. When he sees his sweetie performing on live TV, he will definitely be very proud of you.” 
Sasha was no longer as nonchalant about it as she used to be. Kneeling in front of her son, she helped him fix his tie while providing encouragement. 
Daddy will see it too? 
Just a moment ago, Ian wasn’t that nervous. But after he heard Sebastian would be watching, his lips pursed tightly. 
As he suffered from mild autism, being present in such a crowded venue was a pressurizing experience for him, let alone being on TV. 
“Mommy…” 
“Look at that little pipsqueak. I told you that there’s something wrong with him. His legs are already trembling, look…” 
Before Ian could finish his sentence, the kid that Matteo got into an altercation with earlier ridiculed Ian when he saw his nervous expression. 
His words caused Ian’s face to turn white as sheet. 
Ian felt his body tense up as he began to sweat profusely. Clenching his fists, he was shivering all over and felt the urge to flee at any given moment.
Sasha grabbed hold of him, “Little Ian, are you alright?” 
“Nonsense! You’re the one with the shaking legs. Let me tell you that my brother is the best!” 
Unexpectedly, Matteo stepped out and berated the group, sparking an altercation in the concert hall. 
They looked at the aggressive child in disbelief as no one expected such a bad-mannered boy to be present in such a cultured place. 
However, Matteo didn’t care. 
After unleashing his tirade, he looked at Ian, “Ian, ignore them. Just play the violin however you want. So what if you’ll be on TV? We are just five years old and it isn’t embarrassing to make a mistake at all. Even if you fall on stage, Daddy wouldn’t fault you for it.” 
Matt gave Ian a pep talk. 
Suddenly, Ian’s eyes widened. 
That’s right. Why should I care so much? 
I’m just five years old so why do I need to carry such a heavy burden? Other five-year-old are still enjoying themselves playing in the mud. 
Ian saw the light all of a sudden. 
After that, he remained calm all the way until he went on stage with the symphony orchestra. 
Unable to hold her emotions back, Sasha cried tears of joy. She whipped out her phone and sent a message: Turn on the TV quick, your son is about to perform.
###Chapter 207
Chapter 207
At Hayes Corporation, Sebastian was meeting some clients when he received the message. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
“I’m sorry, I have some personal matters to attend to. Let’s reschedule the meeting.” 
After ushering out his clients with whom he was supposed to sign a multi-billion dollar contract with, Sebastian quickly turned on the TV. 
Luke was surprised to see Sebastian’s reaction. 
“Mr. Hayes, why are you… turning on the TV all of a sudden? What about the clients…” 
“Ian is performing today. Inform everyone else that I’ll not be meeting anyone within the next hour,” Sebastian instructed. 
After tuning in to the right channel, Sebastian made a cup of coffee for himself. 
Given that his son was about to perform, he naturally wanted to settle down and enjoy the show. 
Luke watched on helplessly. 
Fine, super dad. No one pampers your children more than you do. 
However, what are his eyes looking at? He isn’t watching Ian on stage. Instead, he seems to be looking someplace else? 
At the small dots on the right side of the stage? 
He is looking at them!
Those dots were Sasha and the other two children. They had no seats as they weren’t part of the audience. Therefore, they could only watch Ian’s performance from the side as family. 
As Ian ascended the stage, the audience broke into loud applause when they saw a handsome little boy walk up with a violin. 
Their eyes were filled with both surprise and anticipation as it was the first time they saw such a young performer. 
“What’s there to be excited about? He will just embarrass himself later.” 
“That’s right. They are just a bunch of blind fools.” 
The earlier group of performers began to make snide remarks while waiting for their turn to go on stage, especially the group of boys who were in white suits. 
Finally, the performance was just about to start. Ian stood at the center of the stage just like a handsome young prince. When he played the first note on his violin, the concert hall broke into thunderous applause. 
The audience realized he wasn’t there just for the fun of it. 
Despite not receiving any guidance on the spot, Ian had played the correct note together with the symphony orchestra at the get-go. 
After that, he calmly began his performance. 
“Wow, that kid is simply amazing! 
“You don’t say! Besides, he can still collaborate well with the other instruments. Look at his duet with the piano, and also how he blends in with the orchestra, tsk tsk…”
The audience within the concert hall gasped in awe one by one. 
Although Sasha didn’t know much about music, she knew that the audience was praising her son. She was so caught up in the moment that she took a few pictures and sent them to Sebastian. 
Sasha typed: Look, isn’t he amazing? 
Although Sebastian was also watching the scene on TV, he still smiled to himself when he saw the message. 
He replied: I raised him. 
Sasha was speechless. 
What kind of man is this? 
So what if he raised Ian? I was the one who gave birth to him, without me, Sebastian has no one to raise. 
Just when Sasha wanted to put her phone down, she didn’t want to be outdone and replied, “Matteo is amazing too. The next time he has a competition, you should take him.” 
If it was the old Sebastian, he would definitely have regarded the message with disdain. But now, he was actually heartened by it. 
He was more elated by her response than anything else. 
Sebastian: Mmm-hmm, keep an eye on the children and don’t wander around unnecessarily. 
How did he know that I was wandering around? Did he somehow see me when I was taking pictures of Ian?
Sasha turned around to check as if she had seen a ghost. Feeling a shiver down her spine, she didn’t dare make another move. 
After playing for about four to five minutes, Ian completed the performance of his song, causing the concert hall to break into another roaring applause. 
“Wow! Ian is really awesome!” 
Vivian jumped up in joy as if she was the one that was being applauded. 
The same could be said of Matteo. 
Despite showing Ian multiple thumb-ups, he still wasn’t satisfied. He excitedly borrowed Sasha’s phone and began recording Ian’s performance. 
Meanwhile, the earlier group who was waiting in the rest area were infuriated. 
How did that kid turn out to be so skillful? 
Just a moment ago, he looked as if he was about to break down. But after going on stage, it felt as if he didn’t even break a sweat. 
They were outraged. 
However, little did they know that Matteo’s encouragement had shown Ian the light. As someone whose character was withdrawn, Ian was then able to ignore all the distractions around him. 
That was how both his strengths and weaknesses worked. 
In the face of the crowd, Ian was showered with praise and adulation.
Meanwhile, Sasha was ecstatic. When Ian finally came down, she led Matteo and Vivian to give him a hug before planting a few kisses on his cute little cheek. 
“Little Ian, you’re so amazing today. Mommy is so happy for you. Also, Daddy knows about it and is extremely proud of you too.”
###Chapter 208
Chapter 208
“Mmm-hmm…” 
Ian smiled bashfully in response. 
Nevertheless, his face was still all red. It was obvious he was delighted by his performance too. 
The teacher then approached them with some good news. “Ms. Wand, the organizers just told me that after the performance has ended, prizes will be given out.” 
“Really?” 
Ian was delighted to hear it. 
Therefore, Sasha and the teacher went to check with the organizers about the prize while the three children waited for them inside the concert hall. 
“You two, put this into that pipsqueak’s violin.” 
Just when the three siblings were reveling in excitement, the boy in a white suit menacingly ordered two of his lackeys to steal Ian’s violin. 
Ian’s performance was considered perfect. 
And for the day’s performance, no one knew that there was only one place available which Ian had successfully snagged. Therefore, the children that came after him no longer stood a chance. 
Therefore, the earlier group was jealous and hated Ian for it. 
When the two boys heard the instructions, they took the sound card which the boy in white gave and discreetly stood near Ian’s violin.
The sound card was a device that could assist the musical instrument. If the device was found in Ian’s violin, his result just now would definitely be voided. 
Furthermore, he would be ridiculed by everyone present. 
With sinister smiles, both of them crept up to Ian’s violin. 
However, just when they were about to plant the device, Matteo turned around and saw them snooping around. 
“What are you doing? Why are you touching my brother’s violin?” 
Matteo jumped to his feet and yelled at the both of them. 
As the two were still children and were up to no good, they snatched Ian’s violin and fled in panic. 
Before Ian could say a word, a small figure lunged out like a hunting leopard. 
In a blink of an eye, before anyone could see what happened, Matteo had darted ahead. He grabbed onto Ian’s violin while launching a whirlwind kick. The two boys who stole the violin were sent flying backward. 
His move was beautifully executed. 
When Vivian and Ian saw it, they quickly rushed over. 
However, something dropped out of the violin unexpectedly when Ian picked it back up from Matteo’s hands. 
Being a student of music, Ian could recognize it instantly. It is a sound card! 
“Sound card? What does it do?”
“It helps improve the tone.” 
Ian’s expression turned green with anger while his face became icy cold. 
Realizing what was going on, Matteo rolled up his sleeves without a word and charged fiercely at the earlier group. 
How dare they try and sabotage us? 
They really do have a death wish. 
Matteo prepared to beat the daylights out of those scums. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was in the organizer’s office when she heard about the fight. 
She was stunned by the news. “Fight? Why are they fighting?” 
The security guard replied, “I don’t know. I just saw a bunch of kids brawling. In the end, your sons were the strongest and had beaten everyone else down until they cried for their parents.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Impudence! 
She stormed out of the office and headed to the concert hall. 
As expected, the concert hall was in a mess. The performance on stage had stopped while the audience crowded around the rest area. 
“My God! Why are they fighting? This is a disgrace!”
“That’s right. We were just praising the boy for being a musical genius. But now, look at what he has become?” 
“I can’t believe it. Did their parents even educate them?” 
Hearing the comments, Sasha began to grow anxious and desperately pushed her way in. 
Just as she thought, she saw the two scoundrels being surrounded by the crowd. 
At their feet, there were a group of boys crying out in agony with bruises all over their faces. Furthermore, her son had his foot on top of the boy in the white suit. 
“Do you admit it? Hmm?” 
“Admit what? Help me… help me…” 
The boy who was being stepped on wailed in anguish again. It was a pitiful sight indeed. 
This is outrageous! 
Sasha’s expression darkened. 
“Mommy! Mommy is here!” Coincidentally, Vivian, who was the only one who stayed above the fray, saw Sasha and called out to her, waving frantically. 
Just as she yelled, everyone in the concert hall turned their attention to Sasha, causing her to hold her breath in embarrassment. 
“Ex-excuse me…” 
“So you’re the mother of the twins. My God. What did you teach your sons? They almost killed the other children.”
“Yea! They’re just kids and are already beating others up. Moreover, they are doing so without any restraint. Are you planning to send them to prison when they grow up?” 
When the crowd saw Sasha, they began to point and criticize her angrily.
###Chapter 209
Chapter 209
Sasha didn’t dare answer their criticisms. 
Smiling awkwardly, she hurried to her children’s side. 
“Matteo, Ian, what are you doing? Why are you not letting him go?” 
“Mommy…” 
At the sight of Sasha, Matteo reluctantly lifted his leg from the back of the boy in white. 
Meanwhile, Ian threw the wooden stick he was holding away. 
Sasha frowned. 
It wouldn’t have been a surprise if she only found Matteo fighting. 
But the sight of Ian joining in outraged her. 
Ian had always been a well-mannered boy. Having been raised by Sebastian, he would never get into a fight and always behaved in a chivalrous manner. 
But now, his suit was unkempt while his face was all dirtied, making him look no different from a street thug. 
Sasha felt like going crazy. 
“Ian, tell me, why are you fighting together with Matteo? You have never got into a fight before, so why did you join your brother?” 
Tightening his fists, Ian didn’t dare face Sasha. 
“No, it’s not like…”
“What?” 
“Mommy, it’s not like that. Ian didn’t start the fight. The others were very bad and wanted to plant a sound card in Ian’s violin. However, Matt caught them doing it and beat them up instead.” 
At the crucial moment, it was Vivian who still had her wits with her. Waving her arms angrily, she explained the situation to Sasha. 
Just as the spoke, everyone in the hall were shocked. 
So that’s what happened. 
Stunned, the crowd looked on in disbelief while Sasha too heaved a sigh of relief. 
Just as she expected, her children wouldn’t have gotten into a fight for no good reason. 
“Sound card? What’s a sound card?” 
“It’s a device that can improve the sound of the instrument. Mommy, that person has bad intentions. When he saw how well Ian played the violin, he was jealous and tried to use the sound card to set Ian up. Look!” 
When Matteo saw that Sasha’s anger had receded, he opened his hands and showed the evidence. 
At that moment, the everyone in concert hall was shaken. 
Sound card? 
Did that little kid actually try to frame someone with a sound card? 
Shocked, the crowd gaped at the boy in white in disbelief. Just a moment ago, they were still sympathizing with him.
“What has happened to the children nowadays? They could even stoop so low as to using such unscrupulous methods?” 
“More importantly, he accused the twins of being guilty when he himself is the culprit.” 
“In that case, he should count himself lucky to have only been beaten up. It’s a shame for him to be so vicious at such a young age.” 
Within a few seconds, the public opinion in the concert hall swayed in the twins’ favor. 
When they saw that the boy in white’s face was already black and blue, as if he had been slapped, they felt that he deserved it. 
“Enough, it’s already over. Pack up now. We’re heading home.” 
Given the situation, Sasha didn’t want to press the matter any further. Instead, she chose to keep the peace and prepared to take the children home. 
Despite choosing not to pursue the matter, Sasha heard a loud voice barking from the crowd, “How dare you leave after beating up my nephew? Don’t think this is going to go your way.” 
The crowd was stirred at that moment. 
As they made way, a sturdy-looking middle-aged woman stormed forward and helped the boy in white to his feet. 
When the boy saw her, he bawled immediately, “Aunt, they beat me up and falsely accused me. I didn’t take the sound card at all, Aunt…” 
A second later, the boy denied everything he did.
Sasha was stunned. 
“Little boy, everyone saw what happened just now. How can you act this way? You can’t start twisting the facts just because your family is here.” 
“What do you mean twisting the facts. Over here, whatever my nephew says goes.” 
Sasha didn’t expect the middle-aged woman to be so unreasonable. When she heard Sasha reprimand her nephew for twisting the truth, she brazenly declared that whatever her nephew said was right. 
Sasha sneered, “Is that so? May I know who your nephew is for him to be this powerful?” 
The middle-aged woman shot a glare at Sasha. “Have you heard of the Emmanuels? We are the ones who own the famous Eternal Group chain of department stores. He is one of their grandchildren.” 
“Wow!” The crowd gasped in shock. 
Everyone knew of the Emmanuels as their department stores blanketed the entire city. There was even one Eternal Group department store right opposite the grand theater itself. 
No one dared to utter another word. 
Despite being cognizant that the lady was being rude, they chose to remain silent instead.
###Chapter 210
Chapter 210
Sasha was equally baffled, but the Emmanuel family did not intimidate her. 
Instead, she remembered Sebastian’s aunt had married a member of the Emmanuel family. 
“Speaking of which, does the Hayes know? Do you Do you even know we’re related? I’m telling you the little boy’s grandmother is the sister of Mr. Hayes Sr.! Are we clear?” 
The middle-aged woman got increasingly arrogant when she brought up the relationship they had with the Hayes, behaving as though she couldn’t wait to take Sasha and her sons out. 
There was a dead silence in the theater. 
Although the onlookers sympathized with the mother and sons’ predicament, no one dared to stand up for them because they were intimidated by the Hayes’ presence. 
It turned out the arrogant little boy was the grandchild of Matilda Hayes, Sebastian’s aunt. His identity pretty much summed up the reason behind his attitude. 
Sasha’s frown intensified. 
Matilda was never fond of her. Someone would definitely tell the woman about today. If Matilda found out Sasha had picked on her grandchild, she would definitely return the favor. 
After much consideration, Sasha decided to keep her frustration to herself. 
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Emmanuel. What can I do to resolve this peacefully? Do you need me to compensate you for your medical bills? Just let me know how much you need, and I’ll give it to you!” 
“Mommy!” Matteo and Ian protested in unison when they heard their mother’s humble reply.
Sasha caressed her sons’ heads, a signal that they would talk about it when they were home. Then she reached for her phone in an attempt to honor her words. 
Despite her giving in to all the absurd demands, the vicious middle-aged woman had no intention to stop. 
“Do you really think you can get away with this? Ha! In your dream! Your money is the last thing the Emmanuel family needs! If you want to get away unscathed, why don’t you get your sons to grovel at my nephew’s feet? If they’re willing to admit they’re the ones at fault, I’ll consider forgiving them.” 
“Y-You…” Sasha was seething with anger. 
She didn’t know the little boy on her left had loosened his hand, but by the time she could grasp the situation, he had catapulted forward. 
Crack! 
It was the sound of bones cracking. The little boy dressed in white, standing by the middle-aged woman, got down on his knees in front of everyone. 
Shocked by what they had just witnessed, the onlookers gasped in disbelief. 
“Don’t you want someone to grovel at his feet? Let’s get him to do it! Oh, have I mentioned I’m Mr. Hayes’ grandson? The woman you’re talking about is my grandfather’s sister! Shall we get her over and see if she can get you out of this?” 
The five-year-old Matteo stepped on his legs again. As a result, the boy dressed in white yelped in pain and started pointing at him. 
The onlookers, including Sasha, were dumbfounded by the little boy’s brutal retaliation.
Meanwhile, Ian, who was right by Sasha’s side, got in touch with his father through his smartwatch. 
“Daddy! Hurry up! The members of the Emmanuel family are making a fool of themselves again!” 
No ordinary child, apart from the members of the Hayes, would speak in such a manner, much less had the guts to pick on the Emmanuels. 
The middle-aged woman stared at Ian for a few seconds before she finally realized the sullen-faced little boy resembled a man she knew. 
She suddenly collapsed in front of the trio. Why does he remind me of Sebastian? 
We’re doomed! 
… 
The Emmanuels saw Sebastian rushed into the theater. 
Apart from them, the Grahams had shown up too. Matilda’s daughter married one of the Grahams and gave birth to the little boy in white. 
The moment the members of the two renowned families saw Sebastian, they approached him with courteous smiles on their faces. 
“I’m so sorry, Sebastian! That brat from our family must have gotten full of himself again!” 
“I assure you I’ll teach him a lesson once we’re home!” 
The little boy’s parents, Matilda’s daughter and son-in-law, broke the silence.
Regardless of their sugarcoated promise, Sebastian ignored them as he strode around the hall indifferently and continued his search. 
He had but one goal in mind—locating the people who had summoned him over. 
Finally, he caught a glimpse of a woman crawling on the ground with three children by her side. 
His heart sank; he thought she was beaten up by others. He ignored everyone else and strode his way over in her direction. 
The moment he reached her side, Sebastian leaned over and grasped the woman’s wrist anxiously. “Sasha, what’s wrong with you?” 
“H-Huh?” 
Sasha was in the middle of locating the sound card Matteo had accidentally lost. Confused, she looked up to see who was lifting her off the ground. 
“S-Sebastian! You’re here!” 
Despite her unkempt hair and sweaty face, she beamed with joy when she saw him. 
Is she delighted because I’m here for her?
###Chapter 211
Chapter 211
The hostility in Sebastian’s eyes dissipated with his good mood. 
“What are you doing?” 
Sasha turned melancholic and asked anxiously, “I’m trying to pick up the sound card. Sebastian, I might have gotten you involved in another nasty situation because I was in the middle of a fight with the maids of your aunt. Matteo couldn’t stand it anymore and accidentally hurt the legs of your aunt’s beloved grandchild. What should we do?” 
She tried to defend her sons and took all the blame, but the moment she did that, she was on pins and needles. Since Sebastian’s aunt was involved, she felt helpless. 
He hated to see her like this. “What’s the big deal? Are we supposed to be concerned?” 
Sasha couldn’t believe her ears. She stuttered, “H-Huh? S-Shouldn’t we be concerned about his condition?” 
The man started emanating an intimidating presence and dead-panned his reply. “Excuse me? Are you trying to be merciful towards the ones who have bullied your son?” 
“N-No… He’s but a child. I’m afraid Matteo might have gone overboard…” Sasha explained herself. 
As a mother, she knew parents would always side with their own children. She wasn’t trying to be a saint, but she couldn’t herself from sympathizing with them. 
“Some children are born angels, but some are the exact opposites. Do you really think Matteo has gone overboard? Do you know what will happen if that brat manages to put the sound card into Ian’s instrument?” Sebastian countered. 
Sasha didn’t reply him.
Ian, who has just taken his baby steps, will be ridiculed by the others. Their mockery would be a fatal blow to him. 
Sasha’s hands balled into fists. Her eyes brimmed with tears. She couldn’t believe she had been so foolish as to pity that arrogant boy when he almost caused irreparable damage to her son. 
“I-I’m so sorry for being such a weak mother.” 
“No, you’re not weak and there’s nothing wrong with showing others mercy. However, you must protect your loved ones. You don’t have to be kind to those tyrants,” Sebastian said simply. 
It sounded more like a gentle reminder than a reprimand. Judging by Sasha’s look of guilt, he knew she had learned her lesson. 
Sasha nodded. 
Little did she know, Sebastian kept the last part of his reply, which also happened to be the deadliest part, to himself. He would never allow others to force his sons into submission, let alone bow before them. 
When Sebastian showed no signs of going to them, the Emmanuels decided to go to him. Sasha caught a glimpse of the approaching bunch and hid behind Sebastian. 
The man frowned and looked at his children who were nearby. “Ian, come here. Show your siblings and your mother the way out.” 
“Sure!” Ian was delighted to carry out his father’s instructions. 
After he returned to his mother and siblings, he marched out of the hall with them, emanating a majestic presence similar to those of his father’s.
Just like his father, Ian would never allow others to challenge his authority. 
Philip Emmanuel, the arrogant boy’s father, brought his wife over to Sebastian’s side when they were the only ones left in the hall. His wife was the middle-aged woman who had reprimanded Sasha in front of others. 
“Sebastian, my wife was wrong. She went overboard because she wasn’t aware they were your children. I hope you won’t take that personally.” 
Sebastian replied nonchalantly, “Oh? I won’t. As long as she bows before my sons.” 
He had no intention to waste his time with them. 
Philips was startled by his demand. It wouldn’t be much of a big deal for his cousins to bow to each other. 
However, Sebastian wanted them to grovel at his sons’ feet. It was evident he wanted to humiliate the arrogant Emmanuels in front of others. 
“S-Sebastian, don’t you think that’s too much? After all, my wife is their elder. Don’t you think it’s inappropriate for her to bow and beg for a child’s forgiveness?” 
Sebastian decided not to put them in a tight spot. “If that’s the case, I guess I’ll liquidate Hayes Corporation’s shares in Eternal Group to compensate for my son’s losses.” 
The Emmanuels and the Grahams went pale at his words. 
“N-No!” 
“S-Sebastian, please don’t make any impulsive decision! We’ll do it! We’ll do it at once!”
Flustered, Philip was about to pull his wife and sprint out of the hall in search of Matteo when he saw the impatience on his cousin’s face. 
All this while, Eternal Group’s operation was sustainable due to Hayes Corporation’s support. Without the Hayes, Eternal Group might go out of business for real.
###Chapter 212
Chapter 212
Sebastian’s annoyance caused Philip and his wife to fall to their knees. 
“Sebastian! Please give us another chance! We will never repeat such a silly mistake! Don’t worry! I’ll beat that brat up once we’re home! Can you please have mercy on us?” 
The duo groveled at his feet as they begged for his forgiveness. 
Sebastian paid no heed to them and marched out of the hall with his slender pair of legs. His mind was on Sasha and his children. 
He couldn’t be bothered by the Emmanuel family. Over the years, they had been leveraging their relationship with the Hayes and caused him all sorts of trouble, including his Aunt Matilda. Regardless, he had turned a blind eye. 
This time, since they had the guts to pick on him, he decided to get rid of them once and for all. 
Sebastian showed no mercy and returned to his loved ones right after he walked out of the hall. 
In the meantime, Sasha, who was outside of the hall, asked concernedly, “Ian, have we caused your father a lot of trouble?” 
“Nope!” Ian replied with a determined look. 
“Are you sure? We’re talking about your grandaunt’s family, aren’t we?” Sasha looked torn. 
Along with her children, they were sitting on the staircases. She had been asking her son the same thing over and over ever since they made their way out of the hall. 
Ian would reassure her each time. He couldn’t help but find his mother a silly woman.
What’s wrong with Mommy? Why would Daddy be concerned when he had never once taken the Emmanuel family seriously? Actually, it’s the exact opposite. They are the ones in huge trouble because they have picked on Daddy! 
Staring at his silly mother, Ian heaved a long sigh. 
Matteo was equally anxious because he had just reunited as a member of the Hayes. He had yet to sort out the unspoken rules and the relationship of the members of the family. 
Shortly, he glimpsed Sebastian walking out of the hall. 
“Daddy!” the little boy yelled in excitement, dashing in his father’s direction. He was certain things turned out just fine. 
Stunned, Sasha turned around and walked cautiously with the children to meet him. 
“Daddy, have you taught the bad guys a lesson on my behalf? Aren’t you afraid of Aunt Matilda?” Meanwhile, after Sebastian cradled Matteo in his arms and the little one wrapped his around his father’s neck, blurting out his concerns. 
Sebastian took a peek at the anxious woman who was nearby. He narrowed his eyes and replied with a smirk, “What do you mean, Matt? Do you think I’m a coward?” 
“Nope! But, she’s your aunt, isn’t she?” 
“So, what if is she’s my aunt? Keep that in mind; I will never allow anyone to bully my children, not even the king of the nation.” 
Sebastian finished his sentence with a confident smirk. It sounded like an announcement of his inviolable status.
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat. She was completely charmed by the man’s domineering manner. 
The family boarded the black Bentley after they wrapped up their conversation. When they were about to depart, a white Lamborghini suddenly pulled in front of Sebastian’s car. 
The curious Sasha couldn’t think of anyone who would have the guts to get in the tyrant’s way. 
She leaned out of the window in curiosity. 
A young man with blonde hair, who had decked up ostentatiously, alighted from the Lamborghini and walked towards the Bentley. 
“Sebastian, are you going to liquidate Hayes Corporation’s shares within the Emmanuel family? Why? What have they done to trigger you again?” 
Brandon? 
The person who had stopped Sebastian was Brandon Emmanuel, the youngest son of Matilda. 
A gloomy expression loomed over Sasha’s face the very moment she wound down the window. She had merely exposed herself for a few seconds, but the man had noticed her presence. 
“W-What the heck! It’s Sasha! You’re alive! This is unbelievable!” Brandon’s jaw dropped open. 
He ignored Sebastian, sprinted over to Sasha’s side with a look of disbelief, and he stopped her from winding up the window with his keys. 
Suddenly, the Bentley was filled with an awkward and tense silence. 
Sasha had a bad feeling about it and yelled at Brandon, “What do you want? Move your keys away!”
“I can’t believe you’re alive! Oh, God! Sasha, I had my doubts when others told me you weren’t dead! It turns out they have been telling the truth all this while! Can you lean over and let me pinch your face to verify I’m not dreaming?” 
Brandon could barely conceal his excitement. He was in awe because he had the chance to meet the woman with ethereal-looking features again. 
Sasha’s lips twitched. 
Seriously? Has he lost his mind? How could he bring up such an absurd request? Does he have a death wish and want to be beaten to a pulp by Sebastian?
###Chapter 213
Chapter 213
Sasha moved away from the weirdo in front of her. “Brandon, have you lost your mind? Aren’t you supposed to join the rest of your family? They’re in the hall, okay?” 
“What does that have to do with me? Am I supposed to be bothered by their whereabouts?” 
“What do you mean? Aren’t you here to help them?” 
“No. They got themselves involved in such a nasty situation. What happens to them has nothing to do with me. I’m here for you!” 
Brandon tried to force his way through the narrow slit of the window right after he beamed his reply. 
The window started winding up again before Sasha could respond to his flirting remarks. 
Brandon was startled. Then he started growling in pain. “Sebastian, let go of me, you jerk! I will get you if my handsome face is ruined because of you! If I don’t get to stay in the showbiz, you have to compensate me for my loss!” 
After hearing him shriek in pain for a few seconds, Sebastian, who had a wrathful look, finally showed Brando some mercy and wound down the window. 
The latter stepped back quickly as he cupped his swollen cheeks and moaned. 
The Bentley eventually left. Sasha, who was seated behind, dared not make a sound after she witnessed the shocking scene. 
He’s such a horrifying man! Brandon is his cousin. Why has he gotten worked up over his cousin for no apparent reason? 
When she turned around, she could still see Brandon pointing and yelling at them.
Sasha felt bad for Brandon. He had taken great care of her back in the day. 
… 
After they returned to Frontier Bay, Sasha was going to bring her children upstairs for a shower because they were drenched in sweat after the intense fight in the theater. 
However, after she alighted from the car, Sebastian took the boys home, leaving a confused Sasha behind. 
“Let’s go and have a shower.” 
Why does he seem to be frustrated? He has been quiet throughout the entire ride home! What’s wrong with him? I don’t get it! 
She decided to forget about it and take her daughter back into the villa. 
“Welcome home, Ms. Wand! How was the show?” Wendy asked the moment she saw Sasha. 
Sasha got Vivian a glass of water and shared the great news with the housemaid. “Everything went well. I guess it’s fine to make them their favorite dishes to celebrate the joyous occasion.” 
Wendy was equally delighted. She headed into the kitchen to prepare the children’s favorite dishes as instructed. 
Suddenly, she heard a little boy’s voice yelling from upstairs, “Mommy! Mommy!” 
She couldn’t be sure if it was Ian or Matteo because she could barely hear the voice. 
She reached the staircase and yelled in return, “What’s wrong? Who is it?”
The little boy, who was on the second floor in his father’s bathroom, yelled, “It’s Matt, Mommy! Can you please get us our underwears? Daddy can’t seem to find it!” 
Huh? Does he really consider himself our sons’ father when he can’t even find their underwears? 
Sasha made her way upstairs, into Matteo’s room to bring her sons their undergarment. 
Little did she know there was another person in the room. He was standing in front of the wardrobe with his waist bent over, searching for something. 
“Y-You…” 
Before she could finish, Sebastian yelled at her, “What are you doing here? Get the hell out of the room now!” 
Glaring at her, the indifferent man raised his volume without holding back. 
What the hell is wrong with this scum? 
Sasha was about to leave, but wrath slowly took her rationality over. As soon as she turned around, she recalled it was her son’s room. 
Since she was the one who had brought Matteo up, she thought she shouldn’t be the one to get out of their son’s room. 
She marched over to Sebastian’s side. “What makes you think you get to order me around? You’re the one who’s supposed to leave because this is my son’s room!” 
Sasha pushed him away without giving him the chance to explain himself. Sebastian was infuriated because she started searching the wardrobe and ignored him as though he weren’t there.
From the moment they saw Brandon at the theater, he had been holding back his anger. 
Is she trying to pick on me after Brandon shows up? How dare she push me away? 
Sebastian’s expression darkened. The woman didn’t bother to show him any respect at all. Instead, she had the audacity to assert dominance when they were in his domain. 
Completely engulfed by wrath, he grabbed Sasha’s wrist with all his might. “Sasha, it seems like someone has been getting pretty full of herself lately, huh?” 
Sasha’s face puckered in pain. She returned the favor and started yelling, “Sebastian, have you lost your mind?” 
He made light of her confrontation as though an evil spirit had possessed him. 
“What has Brandon offered you? Why are you constantly picking on me because of him? Have you been keeping in touch with him over the years? Did you return to him because you know he’s one of Hayes Corporation’s shareholders? Sasha, I must say I’m impressed! It turns out you have been plotting against me all this while!” 
What is wrong with him? Is it because he’s having a hard time falling asleep lately? Does that mean he’s not in his right mind?
###Chapter 214
Chapter 214
Sasha was completely dumbfounded. 
“What exactly are you talking about? What has Brandon offered me? I just met him today! How am I supposed to get anything from him?” 
“Am I supposed to have the answers? Sasha, you better stop challenging my limits and pushing your luck!” 
Suddenly, Sebastian approached her menacingly. 
Feeling threatened, Sasha took a step back. Bam! 
She bumped into the door that was widely opened. The defenseless woman was taken by surprise and staggered, falling backward as a result. 
The man shot daggers at her, but instinctively he pulled her over. By the time he returned to his senses, she was already by his side. 
A woman’s shriek could be heard in the room. Sasha, who had merely put on a thin sweater, was in Sebastian’s arms. 
For a moment, time seemed to have stood still. Everything around them stopped moving. 
Neither of them moved, but Sasha could feel the man’s warm embrace and a seductive scent exclusive to him. 
Her mind went completely blank, and she couldn’t control herself, feeling as though she had been electrocuted. 
He’s hugging me!
Sasha’s mind was all over the place. 
Similarly, Sebastian was taken aback. He merely wanted to confront her about her relationship with Brandon, including how they became acquainted and why they seemed like close friends. 
Never would he think they would end up in such an awkward situation. 
He lowered his gaze and stared at the horrified woman. Her glistering pair of eyes brimmed with tears as her cheeks reddened out of embarrassment. Sebastian’s abysmal pair of eyes dimmed with irritation. 
“L-Let go of me…” 
Sasha felt her heart racing while she was in the domineering man’s powerful embrace. 
She could feel his breath and his warm body. If she were to raise her head, she would breathe his breath. 
Should he refuse to move away from her, she might pass out because of suffocation soon. 
Sasha tried to struggle, but he held her even firmly in between his arms. 
“Why don’t you answer my questions?” Sebastian asked hoarsely. His voice sounded different from his usual callous tone. 
Sasha was charmed and felt as though a part of her was taken away by the man against her will. She couldn’t pull herself together. 
“W-What?” 
“Brandon.”
“Brandon? I have nothing to do with him… H-He used to drop by Hayes Residence to visit your father quite frequently back in the day…” 
When a man exuded such charm, it was tough for a woman to keep herself sane in his embrace. 
After Sebastian got to the bottom of Sasha’s relationship with Brandon, he stared at her velvety lips with his abysmal pair of eyes. 
“I want you to stay away from him in the future.” 
“What?” 
The moment she enunciated her one-word reply, Sebastian lowered his head and claimed her lips. 
Oh my God! 
Sasha couldn’t believe she was in the middle of a kiss with Sebastian. 
Am I dreaming? Is he kissing me when he resents me? I must be dreaming, right? The thing I’m feeling on my lips doesn’t exist, right? 
Throughout Sasha’s entire life, she had been hurt over and over again. She couldn’t believe the man whom she loved wholeheartedly for so many years was kissing her. 
A few minutes later, she found out it was the thing she longed for the most. 
“Hey, open your mouth and breath.” 
When she was about to pass out from suffocation, he finally moved away from her and raised her chin against her will. Sasha could hear his voice echoing in her brain.
She finally snapped out of her daze. Holding on to her chest, she started catching her breath. The kiss was too intimidating. 
She knew it wasn’t a hallucination. When she figured out she had a kiss with Sebastian, she covered her mouth in awe and pushed him away, fleeing in the direction of the entrance while blushing embarrassedly. 
What’s going on? Has the world changed? 
Sebastian was relatively calm when Sasha was around. However, once she left, he starting blushing too. 
Recalling the way she had escaped like a frightened bunny, he smirked. 
She’s such a foolish woman!
###Chapter 215
Chapter 215
Immediately after Sasha returned to her bedroom, she banged the door shut and locked herself in for quite some time. 
Meanwhile, the two little boys in the bathroom on the second floor were still waiting for their mother to deliver their underwears. After a long time, Matteo, who was in the bathtub, blinked his eyes and asked his brother, “Ian, why isn’t Mommy back yet?” 
Ian, who was right opposite Matteo in the tub, gave it a thought and said, “Daddy is nowhere to be seen either.” 
The boys exchanged a look of disbelief as a mutual thought flashed across their minds. 
Their eyes gleamed in excitement; joy was written all over their faces. They wouldn’t mind going on commando if their parents, the adults they were concerned of the most, could spend more time together. 
The two boys jumped in exhilaration in the tub. 
On the other hand, things were the complete opposite for the Emmanuel family. 
Emmanuel Residence was built in Imperial Garden in the east if the city. If Hayes Corporation hadn’t been pulling the strings behind the scenes, Imperial Garden would be just another premium residential area. 
However, because of the Hayes, it became an exclusive property because the residents might get the chance to be affiliated with the Hayes if they stayed in the said estate. 
Matilda had been acting as the informal leader of the residential area for decades by using her status as one of the Hayes.
Nevertheless, someone seemed to have challenged her authority and picked on her family members. 
“Mom, it’s Sasha! If she hadn’t brought her children to the theater, Johnny wouldn’t pick on them! We wouldn’t have offended Sebastian as well! Sasha was the one behind our misfortunes!” 
Jasmine started weeping in front of Matilda the moment she reached Emmanuel Residence. She blamed Sasha for their misery, but mentioned nothing about the things her son did. 
Her husband played along with her and complained, “I can vouch for her, Matilda! Philips was there as well! He knew Johnny did nothing wrong. Even if Johnny did pick on his sons, Sebastian shouldn’t have liquidated the shares over such a trivial matter!” 
Sasha? 
Matilda, who was sitting on the couch in the living room, slammed the cup she had in her hand to the ground when she heard of the incident. 
“The first thing she does after she makes her way back from hell is to pick on me?” 
Philip’s wife, the middle-aged woman who had picked on Sasha in the theater, decided to chime in. “Mom, there’s more! I heard Sabrina was chased out of the Hayes because of Sasha! Up until now, no one knows of her exact whereabouts.” 
Matilda’s wrinkled face puckered in irritation, forming a horrendous look. 
She couldn’t suppress her frustration. Those around Matilda could feel her murderous intent as she felt a strong urge to devour Sasha and vent her anger. 
“Sasha! I’m coming for you! Let’s go! I believe it’s time to pay her a visit!”
She brought herself up from the couch and was about to head over to Hayes Residence to confront Frederick to settle the scores once and for all. 
However, when she was about to reach the entrance, a housemaid announced, “Madam, someone who addressed herself as Ms. Green has shown up and requested an audience with you.” 
Ms. Green? 
Matilda wasn’t in the mood to entertain any guest. “Who is it? I don’t know her! Tell her to come some other day!” 
“E-Er…” 
“Mom! Ms. Green? Could it be Sebastian’s fiancée? I think she is a member of the Green family.” 
Philip, who had been keeping quiet by the side, reminded his mother. 
Green! I think she is Xandra Green! 
Matilda asked the housemaid to show the guest the way to the living room and dismissed the rest. Sitting on the couch in an ostentatious manner to assert dominance as the matriarch of the family, she was the only one left in the spacious living room. 
When Kelly made her way into the living room and saw Matilda’s intimidating posture, she sneered deep down. 
She’s merely living off the Hayes, yet she’s behaving like she’s the one in power! Does she really think can deceive me? If we don’t need this pawn, I won’t bother to waste my time with her! 
Deep down, Kelly despised Matilda, but she put on an enthusiastic front and greeted the latter with a bright grin when she entered the living room.
“Aunt Matilda, it has been such a long time! I hope you’re doing great!” 
Kelly was a top-notch socialite, capable of buttering up others to do her biddings. However, Matilda showed no signs of carrying on with the conversation at all. 
She sat right where she was without bothering to conceal her frustration at the guest’s presence. 
“Shall we cut the small talk and talk about the reason you’re here today?” 
Kelly felt humiliated because she had gone to great lengths to put on the show. 
This old hag… 
She took a seat on the couch and smiled as though Matilda’s harsh remark at all did not bother her. 
“What else could it be, Aunt Matilda? I’m here for the future of our families! Someone told me about the conflict between Sebastian and your family the moment my flight touched down! I rushed my way here from the airport because I was worried about you!” 
Conflict? 
Matilda sneered, “What sort of conflict are you talking about? He’s my nephew. Do you really think he will hold a grudge against me? Let’s assume something’s going on between us. Who are you to poke your nose into our business?” 
Not seeing the need to be courteous, she blurted out the things she had in her mind.
###Chapter 216
Chapter 216
Kelly shot daggers at the old hag. The senile old fool seemed to be unaware of the things that would befall her soon. 
She stopped behaving courteously and said sarcastically, “Oh? Isn’t Hayes Corporation going to liquidate their share from Eternal Group soon? I guess there’s nothing much I can do about it since I’m merely an outsider. However, since my niece is going to be Mrs. Hayes soon, I feel obligated to drop by and see if there’s anything I can offer. I guess that won’t be necessary, huh? I guess I’ll excuse myself.” 
Kelly got up from the couch and brought her bag along with her in an attempt to leave. 
Matilda’s expression changed because she forgot the cunning woman’s niece was Sebastian’s fiancée. 
Although her brother, Frederick, was never fond of Xandra’s presence, there wasn’t anything he could do about it since Sebastian insisted on having Xandra as his fiancée. 
When finally softened her approach and asked, “How can you be so certain? Sasha has returned, and she’s right in my nephew’s house as we speak.” 
“You’re not wrong, but their children are the sole reason she’s given the opportunity to move in. They are the foundation of their relationship.” 
Matilda had her doubts. “Are you sure?” 
As Matilda indicated her will to carry on with the conversation, Kelly took a seat. “Of course! Xandra will soon be a member of the Hayes! You do remember Mr. Hayes has requested Xandra to make a trip back and attend your birthday party on his behalf, don’t you? Are you not aware of the meaning behind his decision?” 
Kelly played the trump card she had been hiding up her sleeves.
Indeed, as Frederick has given his consent, nothing could possibly get in the way of Xandra and Sebastian’s marriage. 
On top of that, they have always been a lovely pair in front of others. I guess it’s only a matter of time before Xandra becomes a member of the Hayes. 
Matilda finally found Kelly’s words credible. “Great! I’ll be waiting for the day your niece becomes the glorious Mrs. Sebastian Hayes! When the time comes, I hope you won’t forget the Emmanuels!” 
“That’s but of course, Matilda! As long as she becomes Mrs. Hayes, I’ll get her to refinance Eternal Group again. However…” 
Halfway through her conversation, Kelly paused and arched her brows. Her concerns were written all over her face. 
Matilda had always been an impulsive woman. Therefore, she pressed on and asked with an irritated look, “What? Hurry up and tell me what’s bothering you!” 
“I’m afraid Sasha is going to get in their way. If only we can stop her from setting foot in Hayes Residence…” Kelly replied with a sheepish grin. 
“You want to get rid of her once and for all? Are you sure you’re not asking the impossible? She’s the mother of Sebastian’s children. You can never stop her from seeing her children.” 
“Exactly! That’s why we need to get Sebastian to stop her! I believe it can be easily resolved if we’re able to sow discord between them and get Sebastian to chase her out.” 
Kelly enunciated her reply with a vicious-looking sneer, like a wicked witch who couldn’t wait to get the better of her prey.
She wants to get Sebastian to chase Sasha away? How is she going to achieve that? Sasha’s the mother of Sebastian’s children. I can’t think of anything that’s going to allow us to stop her from meeting the children… unless she has committed a serious sin! 
Peering at Kelly’s pair of gleaming eyes, Matilda felt a chill running down her spine when she thought of the things that would soon befall Sasha. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had been staying away from Sebastian for past two days after they kissed. 
She would get everything sorted out as soon as possible and returned to her bedroom before his return. Thus, every time Sebastian reached home in the evening, she was nowhere to be seen. 
In the morning, he wouldn’t get to see Sasha because she would stay in her room until he left for work. 
She behaved as though she was a thief who was up to no good and would sneak her way out of her room after he left. 
It had been the same for the past two days. 
Their children gathered together and discussed the strange occurrence. 
“What’s wrong with Daddy and Mommy? Why is Mommy trying to stay away from Daddy?” 
“I think she has done something silly again!” Vivian concluded their mother was the one at fault again. 
Meanwhile, Matteo and Ian exchanged glances upon hearing their sister’s words. 
If she has done something silly, so be it! Why is she running away from Daddy? Could it be she was embarrassed?
In order to ensure they would get to live a blissful life as a family, the two little boys thought it was necessary to talk about it with their mother. 
However, the day they dropped by her room, they noticed she was in the middle of cleaning up her room. She packed her clothes and daily necessities into a compressed suitcase that almost exploded from the sheer amount of things. 
“Mommy, what are you doing?” Ian, who had always been a boy of few words, asked anxiously. 
“Ian, it had been a long while since we moved here. I believe it’s time for us to return home,” Sasha explained the reason behind the mess in her room. 
Huh? They’re leaving? 
The sprightly Matteo strode over and queried concernedly, “Mommy, why are we heading back? What’s wrong with staying here? I enjoy staying here with everyone!” 
Vivian nodded vigorously. “He’s right, Mommy! I enjoy staying here as well!” 
Her children’s reply rendered Sasha speechless. She couldn’t think of the proper way to explain the reason behind their departure. After all, she couldn’t possibly tell them things had spiraled out of her control, and she felt slightly clueless after kissing Sebastian. 
Sasha made up her mind to deceive her children. Meanwhile, Ian didn’t want his mother to leave and got in touch with Sebastian to tell him about her plan.
###Chapter 217
Chapter 217
“Daddy, are you having a fight with Mommy again? Why is she trying to run away from home?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
What does he mean by I’m trying to run away from home? I’m merely going back home, okay? Can Ian phrase his sentences properly and be mindful of his choice of words? 
As soon as the startled Sasha took over the little boy’s smartwatch, she heard Sebastian’s low and hoarse voice. “What do you mean she’s running away from home? Where is she going?” 
“I don’t know, Daddy!” Ian replied petulantly. 
Sasha wanted to explain she would be making a trip back to her leased apartment instead of running away from home, but seconds after she lost herself in a train of thoughts, she heard the man’s voice from the other end of the conversation again. 
Perhaps Sebastian was aware Ian was frustrated. He chuckled and instructed the little boy, “Ian, go tell the bodyguards to keep an eye on your mother, okay? Tell them if they let her get away, I’ll break their legs once I’m home.” 
Sasha was completely stunned while her children rushed out of the room after they heard their father’s instructions. 
They approached the bodyguards and repeated their father’s instructions to keep their mother grounded against her will. 
That scum must have been possessed by an evil spirit, hasn’t he? 
Sasha had no choice but to spend another day at the spacious villa with her beloved children.
In the evening, Sebastian finally arrived home. 
Sasha, who was cleaning up the living room after playing with her children, was about to sprint up the stairs. Unfortunately, it was too late. He had walked into the foyer with a bunch of files and a laptop. 
“Where are you going? Come over and hold this for me.” 
“O-Oh… O-Okay…” 
Sasha finally brought herself up and dreaded her steps over, holding the bunch of files and the laptop he had with him. 
Sebastian had to deal with all sorts of things. Occasionally, he would bring some documents home and carry on with the unfinished work at home. 
Oddly, Luke, who would usually tag along with him, was nowhere to be seen. 
Holding on to the things he had handed over to her, Sasha stood right where she was rigidly and avoided the man’s gaze at all costs. She couldn’t wait to hand the things back to the man after he changed into a pair of indoor sandals. 
She was on the verge of breaking down, but he showed no signs of retrieving his things. 
Instead, he looked down upon her and held his chest high while delivering his instructions, muttering in a callous tone, “Bring those upstairs for me.” 
“Huh?” Sasha arched her brows in confusion. But the man with a slender pair of legs had long departed after he made himself clear. 
She braced herself and brought the documents upstairs as demanded.
As it was the last quarter of the year, Sasha didn’t have a lot of things on her schedule. She spent most of her time trimming the blooming flowers in the garden and decorated the entire villa with pots of exuberant-looking flowers. 
She was also the one who had placed two pots of flower with incandescent colors on the stairwell. As they made their way up the dimly illuminated stairs, their long shadows could be seen shading the flowers. 
When Sebastian returned to his study, he switched on the light and the heater before removing his jacket. 
The woman behind him entered the room and asked, “W-Where should I put this?” 
“On the table,” Sebastian replied gently as though he was afraid scaring her. 
Nonetheless, it didn’t stop the horrified woman from fleeing. After she placed the things on the table, she scurried out of the room again. 
When Sasha was merely a step away from the entrance, she heard the man’s callous voice. 
“Come over here. I believe it’s time for us to talk about the things that are bothering you.” 
“Huh?” Sasha stopped right where she was. 
W-What could it possibly be? 
The helpless woman stood right where she was and thought she could hear her heart racing ferociously once again. 
She knew she was being a coward.
Over the past five years, she held a grudge against him and blamed him for her misery. She shouldn’t have been so flustered just because he showed signs of improvement. 
Regardless, she succumbed to the man’s attractiveness over and over again. 
She couldn’t help but curse herself for being such a useless woman. 
“What happened in the morning? Where were you planning to go?” 
“I-I’m not going anywhere… I-I just think it’s about time for me to move back to the leased apartment with Matt and Vivi… You said it wouldn’t be safe for me to stay there since Sabrina was still out there, but since she’s no longer around. I guess it’s time for us…” she stuttered while avoiding the man’s gaze. 
Sebastian frowned. 
How did she figure out Sabrina is no longer around? Who told her that? 
His expression darkened. Within seconds, the temperature of the room fell drastically from the tension. 
“Let’s assume Sabrina is no longer around. Why would you want to move back? Have I not made myself clear previously? I don’t want them to grow up in a single-parent household. It’s going to affect their growth!” 
“B-But I can’t stay here forever!” she blurted. 
Then she returned to her usual timid self and continued, “You’re supposed to move on with your life… Besides, it has been a long time since your fiancée’s last visit. I’m afraid she’s going to be mad if she knows I’m here.”
###Chapter 218
Chapter 218
The very moment she brought up Xandra, she felt her heart wrenching subconsciously. 
Sebastian didn’t expect she would bring Xandra up out of the blue. 
Xandra? Is that the reason she’s making a fuss for no apparent reasons? 
The man finally eased up. A barely noticeable smirk appeared on his face. He seemed to be up to something in his mind. 
“Are you jealous?” Sebastian asked in return. 
“What? Me? Why would I be jealous?” 
“Aren’t you going to leave because of my fiancée?” 
His expression confused Sasha, and she couldn’t form a complete sentence to reply to him. 
Indeed, Xandra was one of the many reasons she no longer wished to stay around. 
However, she deemed it over the top to describe her departure as making a fuss out of jealousy. 
The initially embarrassed Sasha got infuriated. “No! Why would I be jealous? She has nothing to do with me! I just don’t think it’s convenient for me to stay around any longer!” 
“What’s bothering you? It’s my villa, isn’t it?” 
“There’s nothing bothering me as of now, but we can’t be certain things will be the same in the near future, right?” 
“I can assure you it will always be the same.” 
To Sasha’s surprise, when Sebastian was confronted, he assured her nothing would change.
It will always be the same? What is that supposed to mean? That woman is his fiancée. How are things supposed to remain the same when she’ll eventually move in? Previously, he couldn’t wait to file for divorce with me because he wanted to get married to her as soon as possible! 
Does that mean they’re going to move to somewhere else after they’re married? Is that the reason he couldn’t be bothered by her presence and say things will remain the same? 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat. 
She clenched her fists as colors drained from her face. 
“I know…” 
Judging by her expression, he knew she had misunderstood him again. 
Crossing his slender pair of legs, he explained himself once more. “Are you sure? Haven’t I made myself clear? For the sake of our children, I won’t file for divorce with you for the time being. In other words, I won’t be getting married to another woman anytime soon.” 
She’s always been a smart woman. What has gotten into her mind and turned her into such a fool today? 
Seconds after she heard his words, her glistering pair of eyes gleamed in excitement. 
“Y-You’re not going to marry her?” 
“Yes.” 
“W-Why? Don’t you love her? Haven’t you been waiting for her over the years? Why are you giving up when you’re merely a step away from your ideal life?”
Sasha blabbered in confusion. Unable to get a grip of herself, it was evident the man’s reply overwhelmed her. 
The news of him calling off his marriage with Xandra had taken Sasha by surprise, but it seemed to be a relatively trivial matter for Sebastian. 
He looked at the confused woman with a poker face. “Since when have I said I would marry her? Sasha, the only ones I care about are my children! Do you think I can start a new family and forsake my children’s wellbeing like you?” 
Suddenly, he was mocking her again. 
Meanwhile, Sasha’s mind went completely blank for a few seconds because Sebastian had misrepresented the facts as well. 
Since when have I started a new family with another man and forsaken our children’s wellbeing? You’re my one and only legal spouse! 
Although Sasha was speechless, she had no intention to return his sarcastic remark because she was in a great mood. 
Nonetheless, she decided to tease him in return. “You can always marry another woman and stop blaming me. It’s not like I’m trying to get in your way!” 
The confused and helpless Sasha was nowhere to be seen as she had returned to her usual sprightly and sarcastic self. A gorgeous smile could be seen on her beautiful face. 
“Ha!” Sebastian scoffed. 
All of a sudden, a little girl yelled from the stairway, “Mommy! Where are you? I need you!”
When she found out she was being summoned, Sasha was about to tend to her daughter, but the man behind her said, “You’re not allowed to hide from me in the future!” 
Sasha staggered and almost accidentally fell to the ground. 
After the conversation they had in the evening, she stopped talking about leaving. 
Similarly, she stopped staying away from him as instructed and got along with him as usual. 
Since it was the end of the year, Sebastian had a lot of tasks on his plate. He didn’t have time to deal with the family affairs. Sasha was the one who had to deal with those on his behalf. 
For instance, she would have to get everything ready for Matilda’s birthday party 
“Ms. Wand, I don’t think Mr. Hayes has any intention to attend the birthday party. Why don’t you head over on his behalf with the children?” 
Wendy ruled out the possibilities of Sebastian’s reply and told Sasha not to get her hopes high. 
Sasha frowned. She loathed the idea. 
Although Frederick had invited her to join him, she could foresee the outcome due to her messed-up relationship with Matilda. 
Since she played a part in the Emmanuels’ misfortunes, she made the call to be absent as well. 
A few days later, Royal Court One received an invitation card from the Emmanuel family. It almost seemed as though they knew none of them would take part in the birthday party and decided to pay Sebastian and Sasha a visit in person to deliver the invitation.
###Chapter 219
Chapter 219
“Sasha! Look! Check out the things I have brought you!” 
The androgynous-looking man put on a fashionable denim set of outfits. He had dyed his hair ash brown and seemed to be relatively ordinary as compared to the sparkling blonde the other day. 
The moment Brandon saw Sasha’s ethereal-looking face, he was in love with her again. 
Brandon! 
Sasha shivered and took a few steps back to put some distance between them. 
“Stop right where you are, Brandon!” 
He came to an abrupt halt. 
The representative from the Emannuel family with the invitation card was none other than Brandon. 
He was also Matilda’s youngest son. However, due to his gorgeous-looking face, he ventured into showbiz and became one of the most influential celebrities in the industry. 
Frederick had given Hayes Corporation’s shares to Brandon due to his look. 
He was the one and only outsider who possessed shares of Hayes Corporation. 
Brandon’s bright grin disappeared the moment Sasha asked him to stay away from her. He arched his brows and pouted like a toddler. 
“Sasha, how dare you yell at me? Don’t you know why I’m here today? Do you have any idea how long I have been waiting for Sebastian to leave just to see you? You’re supposed to be considerate towards me!”
Sasha stared at him, open-mouthed. 
She knew nothing good had ever come from the shameless man, but she couldn’t believe he had the audacity to deliver such barefaced statements. 
If you know he doesn’t want you anywhere near me, please stay away! 
Sasha kept her distance as though a jinx were right in front of her. “As you can see, I’m perfectly fine! Now if you’ll excuse me! If there’s nothing else, why don’t you return to wherever you’re from?” 
“Sasha, how can you be so cruel? Did you forget the one who had been keeping you company back then? Have you forgotten I was the only one who would buy you your favorite meal? Are you going to sever ties with me after you made a trip back from hell?” 
Holding on to the bouquet he brought along with him, Brandon got infuriated for real. The gorgeous scene of blooming flowers in the garden seemed exceptionally irritating. 
Sasha went dead silent for a few seconds. Eventually, she stared at the upset man’s departing figure as he made his way into the majestic villa. 
One might wonder about Sasha and Brandon’s relationship. It turned out they were the exact kind of relationship one ought to deem them to be. 
Back in the day, Sasha had no choice but to marry since her family had gone bankrupt. Unfortunately, she ended up being ridiculed by others. She was depressed because people started calling her gold- digger and thought she had become a household member of the Hayes because of their wealth. 
No one enjoyed her presence and boycotted her for all sorts of reasons. She was merely a nineteen- year-old girl, yet she had to endure humiliations an adult couldn’t possibly pull through. 
Brandon showed up when she needed someone the most.
As Frederick’s nephew, he had always been an obedient boy; he was one of Frederick’s favorite since he was young and was a frequent visitor at Hayes Residence. 
During one of his many visits, he encountered Sasha, the daughter-in-law of the family, who was abandoned on her wedding night. 
Brandon could vividly recall his first encounter with Sasha back then because he was utterly baffled by her. 
Although he knew about the marriage, he had no idea his cousin’s legal spouse was such a young woman, who was a year younger than him. 
As Sasha was pregnant back then, Brandon wouldn’t stop picking on her. He brought up all sorts of absurd suggestions in front of her. 
“Sasha, your husband isn’t going to come back! Why don’t you follow me and start a new life elsewhere? I’ll find you a new husband!” 
On another occasion, he said, “Tsk, tsk! You’re not even twenty years old! Have you lost your mind? If you give birth to his children, no one will get into a relationship with you anymore!” 
He once brought up a ridiculous suggestion, and asked, “Sasha, do you need someone to keep you entertain? Do you want me to introduce a man to you? He’ll keep what happens between both of you!” 
In short, Brandon was merely a douchebag back in the day. 
However, he changed after he experienced a traumatizing experience. He heard that his cousin brought another woman home while Sasha, who had been neglected throughout her pregnancy, passed on with two of her children during labor.
Ever since the particular incident, he stopped dropping by Hayes Residence. 
Sasha, who was trimming the flowers in the garden, neglected the ostentatiously dressed man after he made his way into the living room. She turned around and tended to the flowers once more. 
However, Brandon showed up after a short while. “Sasha, I have bought you your favorite Mille Crêpes from Lady M! It’s fresh out of the oven! Why don’t you join me and have some?” 
She continued trimming the withered branches and had her eyes glued to the profusion of exotic flowers in the garden. 
When she was about to trim the next withered branch, she paused. 
My favorite Mille Crêpes from Lady M? I guess he’s the only one who remembers those are my favorites. 
She snapped out of the sentimental moments and continued trimming the branches. 
Brandon stomped his way over to express his frustration. “Sasha, why are you ignoring me? Are you upset? What’s wrong with you? You used to be such a timid girl back in the day, but you’re a tough nut to crack now!” 
She raised her head and confronted, “What do you want? Can you tell me the reason you’re here today? If there’s nothing else, why don’t you leave me alone?” 
Brandon chuckled and returned to his usual playful self. 
“I’m here for you! Do you miss me, Sasha?” 
“On the count of one, two, three—”
“Fine! I’ll tell you! My mother is setting me up for a blind date with another woman during her birthday party. Can you do me a favor and pretend you’re my girlfriend?” 
Brandon finally surrendered and told her the reason he had dropped by the villa.
###Chapter 220
Chapter 220
Despite being yelled at, Brandon was delighted when Sasha finally talked to him. 
“What did you say?” Sasha thought she was hearing things. “Me? Your girlfriend? Is something wrong with you?” 
Brandon craned over and asked seriously, “I think I’m perfectly fine, but just to be sure, why don’t you check on me?” 
Sasha gritted his teeth and scoffed. “I think something’s definitely wrong with your brain! Have you forgotten who I am?” 
“You’re Sebastian’s ex-spouse, aren’t you? It’s fine! I don’t really care! After all, few of us are aware of your identity!” 
Brandon continued righteously, “Only close family friends and relatives were present back when both of you were married. Literally, no outsider knows of your identity. Otherwise, why would others consider Xandra to be Mrs. Hayes, the spouse of Hayes Corporation’s president?” 
Crouching in front of the flowers, colors drained from Sasha’s face because Brandon’s unintentional remark had provoked her. 
He’s right; who else is aware of my relationship with Sebastian? I have gotten married to him without anyone’s knowledge back then! 
Although he has no intention to file for divorce with me, no one can possibly figure out I’m his legal spouse. 
As Sasha gave Brandon’s word a thought, a dull expression could be seen on her face. 
Suddenly, Brandon broke the silence, interrupting her train of thought.
“In short, it won’t be much of a trouble for you to do me the favor! Moreover, they will be there as well! Don’t you want to know what they are up to during the party?” 
Sasha lifted her head and looked at Brandon. “Who are you talking about?” 
“Who else could it be? Your ex-spouse and his fiancée! Wait! Are you saying you’re not aware of this?” 
The seemingly unintentional question startled Sasha. She didn’t expect Sebastian would attend the birthday party with Xandra. 
Wendy told me he had no interest in the party! 
Why made him change his mind to go with Xandra? Wait! Xandra is abroad, isn’t she? Since when has she made her way back? 
Sasha refused to believe Brandon’s words. “Are you sure you’re not mistaken? Sebastian has never mentioned anything about the party at all. Besides, Xandra isn’t around. Who told you about this?” 
“Duh? Who else could it be? My mother!” 
Brandon was equally surprised and had his fair shares of doubts. He couldn’t figure out the reason Sasha was kept in the dark when she lived under the same roof with Sebastian. 
Although the Emmanuel family was quite a distance away, they had gotten their hands on the information ever since a few days ago. 
Oh my God! Please tell me she’s not being deceived by the scum again! When will this foolish woman learn her lesson? Does she want to take a trip to hell again? 
Brandon was heartbroken, but before he could grasp the situation, wrath took his rationality over.
“Sasha, I want you to tell me the reason he’s keeping you here! Why have you returned to him after giving your best to leave him five years ago? How are you related to him now?” 
He leaned over and glared at Sasha. 
She was flabbergasted. 
Why is Brandon angry? How are we related? How else are we supposed to be related? He’s my husband, and I’m his wife! 
Sasha wanted to tell him the answer she had in mind, but when she was about to tell him the truth, she noticed his wrathful and scornful look. 
Suddenly, she linked the missing pieces of puzzles together and figured out the affection he had for her. She opened her mouth, yet she couldn’t bring herself to finish her sentence. It felt as though something was stuck in her throat, rendering her incapable of speech. 
“Tell me!” 
“W-We’re not really related to one another… I-I’m merely staying here to take care of the children…” she lied. 
Feeling as though she had been drained of her energy, she dropped the pruning shears after she answered him. 
Brandon heaved a sigh of relief when he heard the answer he had been anticipating. He didn’t notice what was wrong with Sasha at all. 
“Goodness gracious! I’m glad you have finally learned your lesson. If you’re merely here as a nanny, it makes sense you’re not aware of the ongoing things in the house.”
“N-Nanny?” 
“Is there anything wrong? You’re here to take care of his children on his behalf, aren’t you a nanny? Let’s forget about it! Since he has no intention to share his agenda with you, you can always tag along with me! What do you think? Why don’t you join me, Sasha?” 
The heartless man beamed. 
Sasha felt as though her heart had been ripped out of her chest, being exposed in front of others in the chilling courtyard. 
She was overwhelmed by a tidal wave of emotions and recalled she was nothing more than a nanny for Sebastian. 
Their children were the sole reason he chose not to file for divorce with her. 
He said they would remain engaged to one another. But he never said he wouldn’t get into a relationship with another woman. 
Xandra has been by his side for the past five years. 
She sat in the bushes of flowers for a long time. 
If Wendy hadn’t reached out to her, Sasha might not be aware someone else was there. “Ms. Wand, Mr. Emmanuel has left. He wanted me to tell you he would get the evening gown and accessories to go along with the dress ready. He’ll ask someone to bring them over on the day of the party. Does that mean you have agreed to go with him?”
###Chapter 221
Chapter 221
“Huh?” 
Sasha stared at her dumbly. 
Wait, I agreed to go with Brandon? 
I guess I did? I can’t even remember. Alright then. Since he’s helped me in the past, this is just me returning the favor. 
Sasha nodded absent-mindedly. “Mm, Sebastian’s father asked me to go as well.” 
“Ah, I see. I’ll inform Mr. Hayes about this-” 
“No, no, it’s fine. I-I-I’ll tell him myself. Don’t worry and just go back to work.” Sasha immediately turned the housemaid down, then got up from the ground and went back in. 
Wendy was at a loss for words. 
Forget it. Since Mr. Hayes Sr. asked her to go, then I guess I don’t have to tell his son about this. 
Wendy decided to just let it be. 
… 
It was slightly past nine when Sebastian returned from work. 
Because it was year end, there were lots of matters to settle at the company. Hence, he had been coming back at this hour for quite a long time. 
However, when he came home that night, the petite figure who would usually be huddled on the sofa watching TV in the living room was nowhere in sight. The first floor of the enormous villa returned to
being desolate once again. 
“Mr. Hayes, welcome back.” 
“Mm, where are they?” 
While changing his shoes, Sebastian asked the housemaid with a frown on his face. 
Wendy hurriedly explained, “They should be asleep. After dinner tonight, Ms. Wand took the children upstairs very early. What would you like to eat, Mr. Hayes? I’ll make it for you.” 
Mr. Hayes probably wants to eat something. Lately, when he comes home late every day and sees that Ms. Wand isn’t asleep yet, he’d ask her to make something for him to eat. 
Yet he rejected Wendy’s offer. 
“It’s fine. Go to sleep.” 
With that, he climbed the stairs. 
Wendy didn’t insist and went back to sleep. 
Approximately twenty minutes later, Sebastian walked out of the master bedroom on the third floor after putting down his notebook and changing into a set of casual wear. 
He strolled along the corridor and unclasped the watch encircling his wrist, stuffing it into the pocket of his pants. Then he languidly descended the dimly lit stairway. 
He didn’t expect the children to sleep so early and wanted to see them before calling it a night. 
Upon reaching the second floor, he went to Ian’s room first.
He opened the door and peeked in to see that the little figure on the bed was indeed sound asleep. Then he closed the door with a soft click. 
After that, he went to check on Matteo and Vivian. 
As usual, Matteo loved kicking his blanket away, which was befitting of his lively and mischievous temperament. Sebastian covered him with the blanket again and turned the temperature higher before going out. 
As for Vivian, Sebastian didn’t go into her room. 
Instead, he bypassed it and went to the room furthest in the back—Sasha’s room. 
As soon as the door creaked open, a rustling noise could be heard coming from the bedroom. Sebastian’s brows shot toward his hairline and he immediately spotted the woman frantically clicking off her phone screen. 
Asleep, huh? 
His lips curled up in amusement, and he reached out to flip on the light switch. 
Sasha, who was about to pretend to sleep, was dumbfounded. 
All she could do was watch the man walk in with wide eyes. Her cheeks were flushed with embarrassment as though she had been caught red-handed doing something indecent. 
“Weren’t you sleeping? Why were you looking at your phone in the dark? Are you avoiding me again?” 
Sebastian casually stuffed his hands into his pockets, wearing a laid-back expression on his face. 
However, his question caused Sasha’s heart to lurch in her chest.
“No, I-I-I was about to sleep, but then I received a message on WhatsApp.” 
“Who’s it from?” 
Sasha gulped nervously before squeaking out a name. “Willow.” 
Willow? 
Sebastian raised a brow and strode over. 
What’s he doing? 
Taken aback, Sasha hurriedly scrambled up into a sitting position. 
“What are you doing?” 
“Give me your phone!” 
“What?” 
Before she could react, his hand shot out with lightning speed. With a start, she realized he had already snatched her phone out of her hand. 
Sasha was at a loss. 
“Password,” Sebastian demanded. 
Sasha’s brows knitted into a frown. 
What the hell is wrong with him? Is he seriously going to check my phone? 
How dare he? Who does he think he is?
Though resentful and dissatisfied, she didn’t dare to grab her phone back. In the end, her shoulders slumped with resignation as she recited her phone password, “182930.” 
“What kind of password is this?” he taunted while keying in the digits. 
Sasha was already upset that he was checking her phone. The moment she heard the sarcasm in his tone, she retorted indignantly, “It’s the triplet’s time of birth. What do you know?” 
It was Sebastian’s turn to become speechless. 
Finally, he clamped his mouth shut and started to look through her phone. 
Soon, he discovered that there were quite a number of apps on this old phone of hers, but all of them were for the children’s use. For example, Recipes for Children was often used for Ian’s sake. Next was Himalaya Listening Book for Matteo, Children’s Stories for Vivian and many more. 
The apps almost filled the entire screen, and WhatsApp was the only app relevant to Sasha herself. 
Does this woman live only for her children?
###Chapter 222
Chapter 222
Sebastian felt indescribable emotions surge in his chest. He had initially planned to interrogate her, but after seeing all these apps, he had completely lost the interest. 
In the end, he tapped into her WhatsApp. 
“Why did Willow text you? She’s here already?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha snapped her head up and stole a glance at her own phone. Seeing that he was looking at her conversation with Willow, she nodded. “Yeah. She’s here.” 
“Why did she text you?” 
“Oh, nothing much. We were just chatting.” 
“Just chatting? Then what’s up with all the gowns? Where are you two going? Are you hiding something from me?” 
He had actually scrolled through the whole conversation Sasha had with Willow. Upon reaching the top, he saw the photos of various custom-tailored gowns Willow had sent. 
His handsome face instantly became several shades darker. 
Indeed, two women coming together equals bad news. I should’ve thrown this Willow woman to the sharks that day and gotten rid of her once and for all! 
Sasha’s heart pounded against her chest when she saw his expression. 
This “Willow” was not Willow at all, but was in fact, Brandon. After he went back, he kept pestering her on her WhatsApp.
Hence, she had no choice but to reply him. 
Fortunately, she had the foresight to save his name as “Willow” in her phone as a precaution against the man living under the same roof as her. 
“N-No, I’m not. It’s just that she’s finally back, so s-she said she wants me to go to a p-party or something,” Sasha stammered out an explanation. 
Sebastian became even more displeased by this. “A party? You’re a mother now. Stop mingling with promiscuous women like her.” 
Sasha failed to formulate a response. 
How is Willow a promiscuous woman? She’s a respectable lady, not to mention a top student who majored in Human Resource. 
Sasha had the urge to defend her friend. 
Luckily, Sebastian said nothing else besides that. He tapped on the screen twice, but before she could figure out what he was doing, he passed the phone back to her. 
Sasha accepted it and glanced at the screen, but strangely found nothing out of the ordinary. 
“Alright, it’s late now. Go to sleep.” 
Sebastian prepared to leave. 
Sasha put her phone down and hummed a response. “Why did you come downstairs? Are you hungry? Didn’t Wendy make supper for you?” 
Abruptly thinking about this, she casually asked as she lay down in bed again.
But Sebastian stiffened at her question. “No. I came to check on the kids.” 
“The kids?” 
Sasha pulled the blanket over her and blinked in confusion. “But they’re not sleeping in here tonight. They’re in their own rooms.” 
It was obvious they weren’t sleeping with her. 
Because this room was carpeted, they would take off their shoes before coming in. Hence, if they were here, their shoes would be outside the door. 
However, Sebastian seemed to have neglected this fact. 
He swiveled around impatiently and strode toward the door. 
Faced with his peculiar reaction, Sasha was speechless. 
Something came over her suddenly, causing her mouth to have a mind of its own. “Sebastian, will you be attending your aunt’s birthday party?” 
“What?” Sebastian stopped just shy of the door. “The birthday party? Didn’t I already tell you I won’t be going?” 
“You won’t?” 
Sasha was unnerved, torn between believing him and believing Brandon. 
Sebastian turned around and perceived the despondent look on her face. His chiseled brows drew into a frown, but he held back his temper to ask, “Why? You wanna go?” 
Sasha immediately shook her head. “No, I don’t!”
Sebastian’s expression eased slightly. “Mm, you better not join this kind of occasion. It’s nothing special anyway. Rather than troubling yourself, it’s better you stay home and take care of the kids.” 
Sebastian was speaking from his heart. 
He didn’t think it was a good idea for Sasha to attend the Emmanuel family’s party. Their two families got into a conflict not too long ago and he knew his aunt well. She was a narrow-minded and unforgiving person. Sasha would only end up getting the short end of the stick if she attended. 
Unbeknownst to him, Sasha interpreted his words differently. 
Why is he so against me going? Is it because he doesn’t want me to spoil things for him and his lover at the party? 
Hah… 
Sasha withdrew her gaze and didn’t speak anymore. 
It was a sleepless night for her. 
A few days later, the Emmanuel family’s party finally came. 
Sasha was waiting in Royal Court One. After receiving a WhatsApp message from Brandon, she grabbed her bag and went to the kitchen. “Wendy, I’m going out to buy some New Year goods today.” 
Of course, Wendy did not suspect a thing. 
She nodded readily. “Sure, sure. I’ll take care of the children at home. It’s about time you went out and relaxed for a bit.” 
“Thanks, Wendy.”
Sasha smiled and swiftly left. 
As soon as she left Frontier Bay, she spotted an ostentatious blue Lamborghini. Right then, the person inside the car was poking his head out and checking his surroundings. 
“Sasha! You’re finally here. Hurry up, hurry up! We gotta go now.” 
It was Brandon. 
Upon seeing Sasha, he frantically waved her over.
###Chapter 223
Chapter 223
After both of them set off, Brandon, who had been waiting for a long time, started complaining. 
“Seriously? It’s my mom’s birthday. Why can you only leave after that ex-husband of yours leaves? Don’t tell me you’re inferior to him just because you’re a nanny?” 
Sasha stayed silent. 
Of course, the reason she came out so late was because she didn’t want Sebastian to find out that she would be attending the party as well. 
However, this pretty boy managed to hit a nerve in her. 
Nanny… 
Sasha’s mouth tightened at the corners and she refused to speak. 
Her silence made Brandon realize that he had said something wrong again. Hence, he quickly changed the subject. “Alright, alright. Let’s not talk about this anymore. I’ll take you to do your makeup and get dressed.” 
“Makeup?” This drew Sasha’s attention. “Why do I have to wear makeup? Is it really necessary?” 
“Of course. You must know, that mayor’s daughter my mom introduced to me isn’t just a run-of-a-mill woman. If you don’t outshine her, I don’t think I’ll be able to escape my mom’s plans.” 
As Brandon drove, he stated his reasons for doing so with a disgruntled look on his face. 
However, it only served to make Sasha even more speechless. 
Is there something wrong with this guy’s brain? Does he actually think I’d be able to outshine the mayor’s daughter by just putting on some makeup? Is he blind?
“Brandon, if that’s the case, I suggest you pick a new candidate to be your fake girlfriend.” 
“Why?” 
“Because there’s obviously something wrong with your eyes. How can I compete with a socialite? I’m already old and dull. I’m a mother of three, for God’s sake! Meanwhile, she’s in the prime of her youth. So tell me, just how do you think I can outshine her?” 
Sasha looked at him as if he should be put in a mental home. 
Brandon froze under her gaze. 
His eyes were fixated on the rearview mirror, and his mouth was slightly agape. For a long time, no words came. 
Is there a misunderstanding between this woman and her own face? 
Has she never looked into the mirror? 
Thereafter, Brandon was adamant to make her realize what a beauty she was. 
He floored the accelerator and the Lamborghini sped along the road. It didn’t take long before the two of them arrived in the city center and meet up with Brandon’s personal makeup artist. 
“Prep her.” 
“Will do, Mr. Emmanuel!” 
The makeup artist’s eyes instantly lit up upon seeing Sasha’s face. 
A woman’s beauty and elegance was subjective. However, makeup artists had the most say in this aspect because they relied on this to make a living.
Half an hour later, Sasha emerged and shocked everyone with her stunning beauty. 
“Good heavens! Who is this? She’s too gorgeous to be true!” 
“Yeah. She’s even more beautiful compared to the number one beauty in the entertainment industry! Where did she come from? Is she a newcomer in the showbiz?” 
“I think so. Brandon Emmanuel brought her here.” 
When someone among the crowd mentioned Brandon’s name, everyone was instantly filled with jealousy and admiration. 
Meanwhile, Brandon had unwittingly fallen into a trance as he stared at her, his jaw going slack. 
Sasha was indeed beautiful. 
But her beauty wasn’t the kind that gave an overly strong impact at first glance. It was more like a finely crafted piece of rare jewelry. She exuded an inherent elegance and nobility. Her delicate features may look ordinary without makeup, but now everything was enhanced to perfection, mesmerizing anyone and everyone who laid eyes on her. 
By just standing there, she managed to steal everyone’s breath away. 
Sebastian must be blind. How could he fail to notice such a rare gem when it’s right before his eyes? Instead, he picked up a piece of shit? 
Spellbound, Brandon’s treacherous heart thumped violently against his chest. 
“Brandon?” 
“Huh?”
Brandon finally snapped out of his daze and awkwardly recomposed himself. 
Sasha did not seem to notice the effect she had on everyone around her. On the contrary, she felt very uncomfortable in the white tube maxi dress. It was too grand and exposing, nothing like the clothes she was used to wearing. 
“Can I not wear this, Brandon?” 
“Why not? It looks great on you. Trust me, for my plan to pull through, this is exactly how you should be dressed. Sasha, the fate on the next half of my life rests on your shoulders. After we succeed, I’ll give you another million. How about that?” 
Brandon quickly dissuaded her from changing her dress, even going so far as to increase the price. 
Sasha furrowed her brows in response. 
It wasn’t the increase in compensation that swayed her. The hatred and disgust on his face when he talked about the mayor’s daughter reminded her of herself back then. 
Yeah. Who’d want to marry someone he or she doesn’t like? 
In the end, Sasha agreed to wear this dress and attend the party with Brandon. 
Meanwhile, Xandra had returned from abroad and just arrived at the hotel with her aunt, Kelly, after dolling herself up. 
“Aunt Kelly, do you know if Sebastian’s coming?” 
“It doesn’t matter. What’s important is that his father invited you. As long as you show up, everyone will know that you’re the daughter-in-law whom the Hayes acknowledges. Understand?” Kelly replied.
A smile appeared on her heavily made-up face as she glanced at the birthday gift that was worth millions. 
“Though, I wonder if Sasha will be attending today.” 
Upon hearing her aunt’s question, Xandra’s red-painted lips curved into an evil smile and she said with certainty, “Oh, she will.”
###Chapter 224
Chapter 224
How was Xandra so certain? 
It was simple, really. Xandra was acquainted with Brandon, and she knew for a fact that among the Hayes, he was the only one who was close to Sasha. 
As long as Brandon found himself in a particularly difficult situation, Sasha would definitely come. 
“Your intel from before was wrong. Brandon doesn’t like the mayor’s daughter at all. It’s actually Matilda’s wish, and the birthday party today is just a front. It’s in fact a blind date for Brandon and that woman.” 
“Really?” 
Kelly was surprised. 
Xandra nodded and looked at the book in her hand. “Mm, so if Brandon wants to oppose this marriage, he will definitely find someone to act as his shield, and Sasha is undoubtedly the most suitable candidate.” 
As expected of someone who had mingled in the upper-class circles for five years, Xandra was well- versed in the workings of upper-class people. 
Kelly broke into an approving smile. “Not bad. Since this is the case, our plan can be implemented perfectly today.” 
“Mm, all the arrangements are in place. Don’t worry, I’ll let Sebastian see for himself just what kind of person she is and make sure that starting from today, she will never set foot in Frontier Bay again!” 
As Xandra held the book in her hand, she stroked the words on the page with her red nails, her mouth arching into an insidious and resentful smile.
Yes. Today, I’ll make sure that b*tch crawls back to her grave! 
Coming back from the dead was a mistake, dear Sasha. 
Holding their respective birthday gifts, the two women entered the hotel in high spirits. 
Brandon and Sasha were held up by the latter’s makeup and hairdo. Hence, they arrived at the hotel an hour later. 
This was a five-star hotel under the Hayes Corporation and its lobby could accommodate up to thousands. Upon reaching the hotel lobby, Brandon and Sasha found that most of the guests had already arrived. At that moment, the place was bustling with life as everyone chatted merrily. 
It seemed like this was a large-scale birthday party. 
Sasha hesitated by the entrance. 
“Sasha, maybe you should wear this?” 
Sensing her uncertainty, Brandon hesitated for a moment before taking something out. 
“Wear what?” 
Sasha’s gaze fell on the item in he had magically conjured up. “A mask?” 
“Yeah. It’s completely normal for girls to wear masks at parties like this. People used to always do this in the past.” Brandon racked his brains for an explanation, hoping that this woman wouldn’t suspect anything. 
However, a smart woman like Sasha immediately understood his meaning when he took out the mask. 
Do I really need to lower myself like that?
Even at a place like this, I have to hide my face from him? 
Sasha’s lips curled into a bitter smile. “It’s fine. Sebastian’s father invited me here anyway. Let’s go say hi to him now.” 
With that, she lifted her dress slightly and walked into the hotel. 
Brandon was dumbstruck. 
Well, why didn’t she start with that? I wouldn’t have brought this stupid mask for her if I knew. That damned woman. And to think that I was worried she’d feel awkward if we bumped into her ex-husband. 
Though slightly indignant, Brandon quickly moved to catch up with her. 
Perhaps it was because of Sasha’s eye-catching appearance and the noble aura she was emanating, she turned heads the moment she entered. 
“Who is this? She’s so beautiful.” 
“I don’t know. Maybe she’s the daughter of some rich family?” 
Everyone’s eyes were riveted on her. Because of her unworldly beauty, they instantly surmised that she was an heiress here to attend the party. 
There were many socialites present in the lobby and their faces had turned unsightly when they heard the whispers traveling through the crowd. As they stared at Sasha, jealousy, disbelief, and displeasure were sprawled across their faces. 
Due to the Hayes family’s influence, everyone who was anyone attended the party. 
Most of the women came hoping to get themselves a rich husband, while the men hoped to find themselves a wife with a strong background. Sasha’s arrival was no doubt a tremendous blow to the
women. 
As for the men, their eyes instantly lit up at the sight of such a stunning beauty. 
Before they could make their move, Brandon appeared behind her. Suddenly, shocked gasps filled the lobby. 
“Isn’t that the youngest son of the Emmanuel family? Did he come with that girl?” 
“Yeah, that’s him. Do you think there’s something going on between them?” 
“Could she be… his girlfriend?” 
As soon as someone vocalized this possibility, the entire lobby broke into an animated discussion. 
Staring at the two of them, everyone displayed shock and disbelief on their faces. 
Upon noticing the gossip revolving around them, Brandon thought to hell with it and lengthened his stride to reach Sasha. “Why are you walking so fast, Sasha? Wait up,” he called out in a whiny tone. 
Is this guy acting cute with me? 
Goosebumps formed all over Sasha’s body just then, and the lobby erupted into a boisterous uproar. Samantha Dunn, who was currently in the center of the lobby, was already alerted to the situation. 
Her family held the reins in Avenport, and she was the girl Brandon had mentioned to Sasha. 
Brandon has a girlfriend? 
Samantha’s pretty face turned purple with rage, especially when she saw Sasha. The latter’s appearance and aura were both superior to hers, which made her even more jealous.
“Dad, what are the Emmanuels trying to do? Brandon already has a girlfriend. Why did they come to us?” 
She immediately went to her father and complained. 
###Chapter 225
Chapter 225
Samantha’s father was chatting happily with Matilda at that moment. When his daughter stormed over to express her displeasure, he was taken aback. “Girlfriend? Mrs. Emmanuel, your youngest son already has a girlfriend?” 
In a split second, the atmosphere turned heavy with tension. 
Matilda hurriedly denied, “No, no. Please, don’t misunderstand, Mr. Dunn. My youngest son doesn’t have a girlfriend.” 
“Then who is she? They’re all saying that she’s his girlfriend!” 
Samantha raised her hand to point at Sasha, who was only a short distance away. 
Matilda looked at where she was pointing and fell silent. 
She was momentarily stunned as she stared at the woman, who managed to make all the other young ladies pale in comparison. However, she failed to recognize that woman as Sasha. 
Her skin was fair as snow, and her lips red as blood. Not to mention she had ethereal features that were neither too sharp nor too soft. To sum it up, she was naturally noble and elegant, so much so that Matilda couldn’t take her eyes off her. 
Who is she? 
Matilda stared blankly at her for quite some time. 
In fact, Matilda knew who Sasha was. 
Back then, she was rather furious when Sasha married into the Hayes family because she originally planned to introduce her distant niece to Sebastian, but Sasha had foiled her plans.
Hence, Matilda often visited the Hayes to throw insults at Sasha. 
The Sasha back then was meek and had a low self-esteem. She was also pregnant at that time. and thus, never had the time to care about her appearance. She looked quite dreadful during that year. 
That was why Matilda couldn’t recognize the current Sasha. 
“I’m here, Mom.” 
When Brandon saw the dazed look on his mother’s face, he cheerfully walked over to greet her. 
Matilda finally came back to her senses. Pinning Sasha with a razor-sharp gaze, she snapped at her son, “Who is she? Why did you bring her?” 
Words failed Brandon. 
Before he could formulate a response, Sasha beat him to it. “Mrs. Emmanuel, I’m Sasha. Don’t you remember me?” 
Her voice was soft and had a soothing effect, but it was shockingly hostile as well. 
Sasha? 
This woman is Sasha Wand? 
Matilda instantly flew into a rage. “It’s you! Why are you here? Who allowed you to come?” 
She was so angry she forgot about her agreement with Kelly. 
Sasha, however, remained calm and composed. Seeing how furious she was, all she did was reply expressionlessly, “Mr. Hayes Sr. invited me. Why? Am I not welcome here, Mrs. Emmanuel?”
Her words created a ripple effect through the crowd, and the entire lobby descended into pandemonium. 
“She was invited by Mr. Hayes?” 
“My goodness! Who exactly is she? Why did he invite her himself? What kind of status does she hold?” 
Everyone was shell-shocked as they gaped at Sasha, unable to believe their ears. 
Matilda was no exception. 
Frederick invited her? 
But then again, Frederick has always adored this little b*tch. The reason she could marry into the family and become Mrs. Hayes was because he insisted on it. 
Yes. I shouldn’t be surprised at all that Frederick invited her today. 
Matilda suppressed the anger threatening to overwhelm her. 
“Mom, don’t be mad.” Brandon drew his words out. “Sasha’s no longer affiliated with the Hayes. She’s my friend now, so I brought her over.” 
Matilda kept silent. 
“That’s right, Mrs. Emmanuel. I was initially worried that you might be angry and never thought of coming, but since Brandon asked as well, I decided to come. This is your birthday gift. Just take it as an apology for matters of the past.” 
Sasha proved to be forbearing. After Brandon spoke on her behalf, she courteously apologized to the older woman and passed the gift in her hand to her.
Matilda said nothing. 
When she heard “no longer affiliated with the Hayes”, she finally remembered her conversation with Kelly the other day. Hence, she kept her temper in check for now. 
“Alright. If that’s the case, you’re a guest just like everyone else. Entertain your guest well, Brandon.” 
“Sure!” Overjoyed, Brandon readily agreed. 
Afterward, he led Sasha away from the lobby and went to the hall on the second floor. 
As they were making their way upstairs, Sasha felt things were going too smoothly. Recalling the way Matilda had mistreated her in the past, she couldn’t help but say, “Your mother’s temper doesn’t seem as bad before.” 
Brandon rubbed the back of his head and asked, “Really? Maybe that’s what aging does to someone.” 
The two chatted like this and soon arrived at the beautifully decorated banquet hall. 
“Go on in. My uncle and some other relatives are all inside.” Brandon pushed the double doors open. 
Sasha stepped into the hall. 
Indeed, his relatives were all present. Sasha easily found Frederick, who was sitting inside whilst surrounded by members of the Hayes and the Emmanuel family. 
The whole family was here. 
Brandon walked in as well, but after taking two steps, he realized that the woman beside him had fallen behind.
###Chapter 226
Chapter 226
“Sasha?” He tilted his head at her in puzzlement. 
However, Sasha had gone silent as she stood by the door. Her legs were frozen to the spot and there seemed to be a storm brewing in her pretty eyes as they stayed fixated on two particular people inside the hall. 
That’s Xandra! 
She’s really here. Xandra was wearing an expensive and exquisite gown, paired with jewelry that Sasha had never even seen before. 
She was obediently standing beside Frederick right then, pouring him some tea with a flattering smile on her face. 
“Mr. Hayes, allow me to pour you some tea. I just brought it back from Jetroina. Try it.” 
After brewing the tea, Xandra politely offered it to him. Anyone who witnessed this would no doubt praise her for being a sensible and well-behaved lady. 
Frederick, who was chatting with his family members, turned toward her. Then he reached out to accept the teacup in her hand. “Let the other elders try some as well.” 
“Alright, Mr. Hayes.” 
Xandra beamed at his suggestion. 
She started brewing more tea and poured them into cups before serving them to all the Hayes and the Emmanuels, buttering them up as she went. 
Sasha took an unsteady step backward.
As she watched this scene, her heart felt as though it had been stabbed, and her vision turned blurry suddenly. 
“Sasha? Are you okay? What’s wrong?” Brandon rushed to her side to support her. 
However, Sasha had already retreated into herself. There was a buzzing sound in her ears as disappointment and sadness spread through her veins. All she felt was a suffocating coldness and as though her heart was being carved right out of her chest. 
Why? 
Has Mr. Hayes abandoned me too? Is it because I’m no longer his daughter-in-law that he doesn’t see me as his family anymore? 
But he promised he would treat me like a daughter after Mom and Dad left. He promised. 
Sasha had never been so heartbroken. 
This pain was completely different from being hurt by his son. She had always understood that Sebastian wasn’t obligated to give her what she yearned for. 
Hence, she could still accept the outcome. 
Whenever he hurt her, she would already be mentally prepared and could handle whatever he sent her way. 
However, after witnessing this exchange, she was about to fall apart at the seams. 
Why is he doing this to me? 
Did I really do something wrong? Didn’t he promise to treat me like his own daughter? Why is he being so nice to this woman just after agreeing to let me divorce his son?
He used to love the tea I brewed for him, but now she has taken my place. 
Tears rolled down Sasha’s face. Without even saying hello, she turned around and walked away in despair. 
“Where are you going, Sasha?” 
Brandon immediately went after her. 
What the two of them didn’t know was that the woman inside had long since spotted them. Right then, a triumphant smirk formed on her lips. 
Did you really think you could win, Sasha? In your dreams! 
… 
At Hayes Corporation. 
Sebastian had been busy with company matters all morning. As the big boss, naturally, he had to review the year-end statistical reports of every department. 
Finally having a moment to himself, he was about to drink some water when his phone rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Daddy, Mommy has gone out for a long time.” 
It was Ian. Though his words were short and concise, Sebastian detected a trace of anxiousness in his voice. 
She went out? Where did she go?
Sebastian frowned and patiently reassured his son. “Did she go out to do something? Have you asked Ms. Dolivo?” 
“Yes, but Matteo said that something’s wrong with Mommy.” 
Sebastian was quiet for a while. 
Before he could speak, a rustling sound drifted over the phone and soon came another child’s voice. 
“Daddy, there’s definitely something wrong with Mommy. You have to find her quickly. I checked already. Her GPS tracker shows that she’s in the city’s east. There aren’t any supermarkets or malls in the east, only hotels and high-end residential areas. Why would Mommy go there?” 
Sebastian remained silent. 
“Also, Daddy. I hacked into Mommy’s phone and found that she has been texting someone with the number 130XXXXX for the past two days. I also saw that Mommy has a meeting with him today!” 
Matteo spoke very quickly. After relaying his discoveries, his short and chubby fingers flew across the tablet in his hand. 
Sebastian felt his phone vibrate and lowered it from his ear. Then he saw that a WhatsApp screenshot and a GPS tracker location had been sent to his phone. 
Sebastian was bereft of speech. 
He didn’t know how to react to his son’s otherworldly abilities, so he decided to click on what was sent to him instead. 
At first glance, he noticed that the WhatsApp screenshot was a rather familiar chat history. 
“Isn’t this the chat history with Ms. Fischer?”
“Ms. Fischer? How’s that possible? She’s still in Clear. If she came here, she would definitely have visited us by now, but we haven’t seen her so far. How can it be Ms. Fischer.” 
Matteo immediately shot down that possibility. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes and finally sensed something amiss.
###Chapter 227
Chapter 227
Hence, he immediately opened the location, finally verifying his suspicions. The GPS showed the hotel under Hayes Corporation which was located in the city’s east. And at that moment, the Emmanuels were hosting a birthday party there! 
This damned woman. She wouldn’t have gone there, would she? 
His face darkened and he ended the call before standing up to leave. 
“Mr. Hayes? Are you going out?” Luke had coincidently come in with a document in hand. Surprise was written all over his face when he saw his boss leaving. 
Sebastian couldn’t be bothered explaining to him though. 
He only pointed at the desk, motioning for Luke to leave the document there. Shrouded in a layer of frost, he grabbed his car keys and took large strides out of his office. 
Luke was slightly baffled. 
What’s going on? Why did he leave all of a sudden? 
And his vibe earlier gave me the chills. 
Luke shuddered a little before placing the document on the desk and exiting the office. 
As soon as he came out, he found that the employees outside had powered on their computers and were watching the recently announced news on the Emmanuel family’s birthday party, which was currently the talk of the town. 
“Wow! The Emmanuels are really something. They even invited the media to their party.”
“It’s not that surprising. The Emmanuels are associated with Hayes Corporation anyway. Even Mr. Hayes Sr. is at the party, so of course it’s big news. Just look, all the bigwigs are there.” 
One of the employees pointed out, hitting the nail right on the head. 
The others echoed their agreements and continued watching the live broadcast. Luke took a glimpse at one of their computer screens and said, “Seriously? Our president isn’t even there, so there’s nothing worth reporting.” 
“True. Our president is the real deal. If he attended, he’d definitely be making the headlines every minute. Why is the media there anyway? What’s there to report about?” 
“Maybe they thought Mr. Hayes would be attending? Hahaha!” 
Joyous laughter reverberated through the office. 
Indeed, the attendance of the city’s big figures at the Emmanuel family’s party alone would not be enough to invite the media over for a live broadcast, even if Frederick was there. 
Oddly, after settling into their seats in the banquet hall, the guests found that the big LED screen was broadcasting the very party they were attending. 
Matilda asked, “Who invited them? It’s just a party. Why were the media invited?” 
“I’m not sure. Maybe it was Uncle Frederick? I mean, it’s your birthday, so it’s normal to get the media over,” Philip answered. 
Completely oblivious to the truth, the Emmanuels gave all the credit to Frederick. 
Since they assumed it to be Frederick’s doing, no one continued pursuing the matter. Hence, after the party began, the hall was filled with lively chatter and joyous laughter; it was a vibrant scene.
Sasha came back just then with her emotions already under control and went over to greet Frederick. 
Just as she expected, although Frederick greeted her with his usual bright smile and waved her over to sit at his table, she noticed he did not ask Xandra, who was sitting beside him, to move aside. 
Her fears had come true. 
Thus, she endured the pain and sorrow in her heart. “It’s alright. I’ll sit at Brandon’s table.” 
“What? No, this won’t do. Sasha, come over and sit here, so that the two of you can have a good chat.” Xandra hurriedly stood up. 
Sasha couldn’t deny that her acting skills were top-notch. Even at a time like this, she could put on such a gentle and virtuous facade. 
Sasha forced a big-hearted smile onto her face as the Hayes and the Emmanuels at the main table showed displeasure. 
“It’s fine, sit. Take good care of Mr. Hayes. He can’t eat many things at his current age, especially cold things as they can cause physical discomfort.” 
In response, Xandra feigned awkwardness. 
Meanwhile, Frederick’s expression changed subtly and his body turned stiff. 
He noticed that the child who had called him Frederick all these years had changed her form of address to ‘Mr. Hayes’. 
Sasha and Brandon walked away to sit at the table furthest away from the main table. 
“Do you wanna go home, Sasha?”
“What?” 
Holding a fork with a dazed expression, she whipped her head up at his question. 
Brandon became even more guilt-ridden just then. 
He never thought that he would bring her so much pain today. Seeing her pale complexion and vacant eyes, he felt as though his heart had been pierced by a thousand needles. 
“I’m sorry, I never should’ve brought you here.” Brandon lowered his head, his handsome featured lined with regret. 
Only then did Sasha understand where this was coming from. After recomposing herself, she forked up a large drumstick and placed it on his plate. 
“It’s okay. This was something I had to face eventually.” 
“But…” 
Brandon was going to blame himself again, but glancing at the woman beside him, he decided to steer the topic away instead. “Then, do you wanna… go rest for a bit?” 
“Rest?”
###Chapter 228
Chapter 228
“Mm, the party isn’t going to be over anytime soon. If you wanna wait until after Mr. Hayes leaves, I’m afraid there’s still a long time to go, so you might as well go upstairs to rest.” 
Knowing that Sasha’s pride wouldn’t allow her to run away like a coward, Brandon was considerate enough to make this offer. 
In the end, she agreed. “Okay.” 
Two minutes later, both of them left the banquet hall together. 
Brandon was initially going to check into a room upstairs for Sasha to rest, but when they passed by the hotel’s garden, she suddenly paused in her stride. 
With a pallid complexion, she pointed at a bench near the lake, motioning that she wanted to sit there. 
“It’s really windy outside. Wait here while I get you a coat.” 
“Mm…” 
Sasha nodded compliantly and allowed Brandon to guide her to the bench. 
It really was windy. 
However, she could hardly feel anything, let alone the wintry blasts on her skin. Only fatigue and emptiness were left, making her feel as though all someone had sucked the strength out of her and her soul had left her body. 
Mom, why is life so tiring? 
Sasha gazed up at the sky just as someone spotted her and called out, “Sasha Wand? Are you Sasha Wand?”
Huh? 
Hearing someone call her name, Sasha subconsciously straightened and looked toward the source of the voice. 
A young man in a black suit had come to the garden at some point. He walked over upon catching sight of Sasha, looking pleasantly surprised. 
“Yes, I’m Sasha Wand. And you are?” 
“Oh wow, Ms. Wand! Don’t you remember me? I’m Dr. Kaye’s student, and that makes you my senior.” The man quickly took out a work ID and handed it to Sasha. 
Dr. Kaye’s student? 
Sasha pondered for a moment as she tried to recall anything about this man. 
But because her time with Dr. Kaye wasn’t that long, she had no recollection of this self-proclaimed junior of hers. However, since he mentioned Dr. Kaye, she still offered him a polite nod. 
“It’s nice to meet you. Is there something you need?” 
“Well, not exactly. Dr. Kaye passed this psychology book to me before she left. She said that I had to find you and give it to you no matter what.” 
The young man took out a book just then. 
Sasha was taken aback. 
“Before she left?” Her mind zoomed in on these three particular words and surprise was written on her face. “Dr. Kaye left? Where did she go?”
Sasha was quite emotionally attached to this doctor. First, she was her mother’s good friend. 
Second, she had helped Sasha a great deal previously, saving her and the triplets as well as arranging for her to flee abroad with two of her children while keeping it a secret. 
Dr. Kaye was someone she would be forever indebted to. 
Hence, the man’s words brought a pang to her heart. 
“Yes, she was transferred to another province, but she said that if you miss her, you can call or visit her any time.” 
“Really?” 
“Of course. You’ve always been Dr. Kaye’s beloved student. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have asked me to give you this book. I’ve been looking everywhere for you, you know? Luckily, I attended this birthday party with my family today and chanced upon you.” 
The man had been strangely enthusiastic the moment he appeared. When he spoke about chancing upon Sasha, he became even more animated, revealing a row of white teeth as he grinned. 
Seeing this, Sasha could only gratefully accept the book from his hand. 
“Thank you. I really appreciate it.” 
“It’s no problem at all. Dr. Kaye said that this book is very important. It contains the treatment for hereditary schizophrenia which you’ve been searching for. You read more about it in there.” 
Silence ensued.
For a good few seconds, Sasha searched her mind, trying to remember whether she had told Dr. Kaye about this before. 
Did I really ask her about the treatment for schizophrenia? 
“Ms. Wand, may I ask? Who’s the patient with this disease?” 
“What?” 
“I mean, the patient with hereditary schizophrenia. Dr. Kaye said that it’s someone very important to you and that you’ve been searching for a cure all these years. Can you tell me who it is? I majored in psychology and even studied abroad before. This is a rare disease. Perhaps I may be of help to you.” 
The man stated his question clearly this time and seemed to be genuinely concerned. 
Sasha’s heart missed a beat. 
He majored in psychology? And even studied abroad? 
For some inexplicable reason, as she looked into the man’s eyes, the encouragement and concern swirling in them seemed to call to her like a siren’s song. All of sudden, she was hit with a strong impulse to reveal the secret she was burdened with for such a long time. 
Perhaps it’s really time I shared this secret with someone; this secret that has haunted me for so many years. 
I dedicated the first half of my life in pursue of an answer, but I always hit a dead end. I really need someone to help me now. 
Someone who’s well-versed in this specific area. Yes, I need it. 
Sasha parted her lips to speak.
###Chapter 229
Chapter 229
Unbeknownst to her, she was currently being projected on the LED screen in the banquet hall. Suddenly, the sound system was abruptly increased in volume, overpowering the noisy chatter in the hall. 
“Can you really help him?” 
“Of course, as long as you tell me who he is and describe his symptoms to me. You know, schizophrenia caused by genetic mutation is the hardest disease to treat in the world right now, and I’ve put a lot of time and effort in studying it.” 
On the screen, the young man who was standing in the garden by the lake spoke in a clear voice. 
As soon as he finished speaking, Frederick’s expression changed drastically, and the cup in his hand fell to the table with a clang. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you alright?” Xandra cried out and moved to check on him. 
However, Frederick shoved her aside and bolted up from his seat, roaring angrily at the screen, “Who’s doing this? Turn it off! Turn it off now!” 
He was so furious that the veins on his neck were bulging. 
The banquet hall instantly spiraled into mayhem. Everyone looked at a hysterical Frederick with confusion sprawled across their faces, wondering what in the world was happening. 
Matilda was as puzzled as everyone else. 
Sebastian arrived right then. After alighting the car, he rushed to the banquet hall just in time to see this chaotic scene, and the video displayed on the LED screen.
“His symptoms… His symptoms are terrifying. When they act up, he’ll become very violent, as if he wants to destroy everything. He’ll also create a different personality for himself—a very rare manifestation—and he will use that personality to do whatever he wants, like…” 
On the screen, Sasha finally trusted the man and was slowly disclosing the secret she had buried in her heart for over ten years. 
As if someone had hit the pause button, the banquet hall abruptly fell into a pin-drop silence. Even the air particles seemed to have frozen in place. 
In an instant, all the blood drained from Sebastian’s face. His eyes had gone wide as this scene unexpectedly jogged a memory which was filled with blood and violence. 
His expression turned monstrous. 
Sasha Wand! 
“N-No. That’s not right. I remember now. I’ve never… never told Dr. Kaye about this. W-Who are you exactly?” 
Just as the woman on the screen was going to tell the man everything, she stopped suddenly, looking like someone who was jolted awake and trapped in an internal struggle. 
She’s refusing to continue speaking and is starting to question who I am? 
The man was taken aback, probably stunned that she became clear-headed. Hence, he immediately stepped forward before she could react, making sure to capture her eyes with his own. 
“Ms. Wand, perhaps you have too much on your mind and your memory is failing you. You said so yourself that back then, you asked Dr. Kaye about this matter, right?”
“I… I…” 
Sasha backed away, feeling a terrifying force worming into mind to dig out the secrets hidden there. 
Hypnosis! 
This man is using hypnosis on me! 
Being a doctor herself, Sasha realized what was happening. Suddenly, fear was born from what little consciousness she still possessed. 
“S-Stay away from me! W-Who are you?” 
“Be good now. This isn’t what we’re talking about. Tell me, who is that person? Who?” 
Who? 
Who? Who? 
Imprisoned by his gaze, Sasha struggled hard to free herself from his influence. Like a devil whispering into her ear, his voice broke through her defenses and urged her to say the name. 
No. I won’t say it! 
I won’t, even if it costs me my life! 
Sasha bit down hard on her tongue, the sudden sharp pain pulling her back to her senses ever so slightly. “Get away from me! Get away!” 
She violently shoved him away and staggered to her feet, wanting to escape from that place even as her head screamed in protest.
When the man saw that she could still resist him, a sneer formed on his lips. In the next second, he caught up and grabbed her arm, dragging her back toward him. 
Their eyes met once again. 
But this time, he came so close to her that their eyes were mere inches apart. 
“Not bad, Sasha. I guess being a doctor makes a difference, huh? But you’re no match for me. I told you I’m a psychologist. No one can fight against my hypnosis.” 
Sasha felt her world spin. With the taste of blood in her mouth, her consciousness started to waver again. 
It turns out that this is all a conspiracy. 
Someone had already planned for my downfall today. 
Using every shred of willpower she had, Sasha pulled off the hair accessory pinned to the crown of her head with a shaky hand. “Is… that… so? Then today… let’s see if I win, or you lose!” 
With that, she stabbed the sharp accessory into her forehead.
###Chapter 230
Chapter 230
All he saw was a splash of crimson. Before he could process what was going on, the woman in his grasp went limp and fell over. 
He froze, unable to comprehend strength of such caliber. 
Not only that, she was vicious, too. Sasha targeted an acupoint, which allowed her to break free of his hypnosis. However, unbeknownst to her, this acupoint was also her Achilles’ heel. 
“Sasha.” Sebastian appeared as she collapsed. 
He replayed the moment in shock. In a flurry of movement, he was on his knees, heaving Sasha up from the pool of her own blood. 
“Sasha, can you hear me? Wake up!” Sebastian gasped, fighting his raggedy breath to form words. His greatest fear was becoming a reality. He called her name over and over again, with each passing repetition diminishing in hope. 
Sasha was unresponsive to his pleading. She lay in his arms, blood still spewing unrestrainedly from the gash on her left temple. 
“You will be fine.” Sebastian fought back his tears. “Nothing will happen to you. Nothing!” 
He carried her out of the door to head to a hospital. As she swayed in the motion of his stride, Sasha’s delicate rhinestone hairpiece fell from her wound and shattered in the pool of blood. 
In an instant, the metal which was tinged with blood stabbed him in the eye. He stumbled in shock. Broken images flashed before his mind’s eye. 
Sebastian gasped at the pain in his head, as though a long-forgotten memory was being forcefully reopened. He staggered and fell to his knees.
“It was you! The man she was referring to was you!” 
The psychologist did not move. He stood paralyzed at the realization that his deception was no longer effective. 
“It was a genetic defect that caused schizophrenia. Of course it would be different from him. The lie you told yourself about your split personality; didn’t he do the same thing? Was it blood? A knife? Are you… a murderer?” 
He was unafraid, having already given up all hope of escaping. 
However, seeing Sebastian on his knees, he stepped forward slowly, with a joyous and maniacal glint in his eyes, like Columbus had when he beheld the New World for the first time. 
As soon as he was close enough, Sebastian looked up to face him. The psychologist recoiled from the intensity of Sebastian’s pain. 
Before he had time to react, the latter reached out with a bloody hand and grabbed hold of his neck. A crack like a gunshot reverberated throughout the room and the man was dead before he hit the floor. 
Oh, the horror was unspeakable! 
The guests who witnessed the scene gasped in shock. 
Only Frederick remained calm. He surveyed the scene for an instant before deciding to send Sasha to the hospital. 
After dismissing the crowd, he ambled over to his son, who was still on his knees. 
“Sebastian.”
Sebastian did not seem to hear his father’s voice. His handsome features were void of life as he stared at his hands caked in Sasha’s blood. 
“It is already done. No one will ever discover your secret,” Frederick told his son. 
It did more harm than good. Sebastian jumped at the mention of the word “secret” and glared at his father malevolently. 
“No one will ever know?” Sebastian repeated. “Doesn’t the whole city know by now? I told you before. You should have killed me. What’s the good of keeping me in this world?” 
“Sebastian, wake up!” Frederick was furious. “You’re not living for yourself. If you think of yourself as broken and guilty, perhaps you should carry on living for those who bore the transgressions of your sins. You owe it to them to live on! They traded their lives for yours!” 
The harshness of his voice forced Sebastian to look his father full in the face. He was looking quite deranged; the paleness matched the shock of white hair. 
His eyes, however, were bloodshot. 
Yes, I’m tired of living. Everybody in this cursed household is. 
They did everything they could to hide the truth so I could lead a normal life. Everybody in this house gave up their hearts and souls. 
“I know that you’re in shock today because of the girl.” Frederick took a deep breath. “But have you thought about it? She gave her life to protect your secret. Why do you have to blame yourself? Shouldn’t you be trying even harder to protect her from now on?” 
It had to be said, even if he knew his son did not want to hear it at this time.
True enough, it did the trick. Sebastian’s bloodshot eyes widened in comprehension, having renewed his purpose once again.
###Chapter 231
Chapter 231
“I know it now.” 
In a few short minutes, Sebastian’s composed himself back to his old, cold and calculating self. He stood up and left with purposeful strides. 
Frederick watched him, fingers clenched tightly around his cane. 
Soon after, Tim Holt, Frederick’s butler, entered. Upon observing the strange look on his master’s face, he inquired with concern. “Is everything all right? How is Mr. Sebastian? How did the girl know what was going on? Even we didn’t.” He fired off one question after another. 
The most pertinent question, however, he saved for last. 
Frederick’s expression turned icy. “I do not know. Perhaps, Sebastian’s killing of the dog was not the first murder she had witnessed.” 
“What do you mean by that?” Tim pressed, intrigued. 
“When Rufus Wand brought his wife over, Sebastian was just ten years old. It was at that age when he killed that dog. After that, Rufus seldom let his daughter visit us.” 
“So, when Mr. Sebastian accidentally murdered at age eleven, the girl shouldn’t have seen it. How could this be?” the butler reasoned, intent on solving this mystery. 
Rufus Wand was Sasha’s father. During that unfortunate incident when Sasha caught a glimpse of Sebastian’s illness taking over, it had scarred her, which was why they do not visit as they used to. Rufus did not explicitly state his reasons for the reduced frequency of visits, but it was not subtle to the average observer. 
Sebastian was eleven when he started his treatments.
But how on earth did the girl know about what happened there? The timeline doesn’t add up. 
The only people who knew about this were Tim, Mr. Hayes Sr., and the doctor. To tie up loose ends, Frederick had the doctor taken care of. 
So how did she know? 
How was it possible that the sweet, obedient boy turned into one with deceit and rebellion in his heart? Had he neglected his son? 
Frederick cast an eye towards the door through which Sebastian had departed with uncharacteristic ferocity. 
In a ward at the People’s Hospital in town, the three children stood staring at their mother with a heavily bandaged head. Tears ran freely down their cheeks. 
“This is all Daddy’s fault. Why couldn’t he rescue Mommy earlier? I told him she was in danger,” Matteo cried. 
Ian stood silently. But underneath his grievous appearance, for the first time, he felt disappointment towards their father who couldn’t even protect one woman. 
“Guys, I think we should get another daddy,” Vivian sobbed. “He can’t even protect Mommy. Let’s go to Uncle Solomon, okay?” 
Her brothers stared at her in disbelief. 
At this moment, Luke entered with Sasha’s medication. His knees buckled when he heard Vivian’s proposal.
“Children, let us all calm down. This incident happened so quickly; it caught your father completely unaware. If he had known, he would have done everything in his power to prevent that from happening and keep your mother safe.” 
“Would he really?” Matteo asked. 
“Of course, Mr. Matteo. Do you remember who rescued you when you were kidnapped?” 
Luke liked Matteo because he was the smartest child, and also because he was the easiest to lead into conforming among the three. 
Sure enough, at those words, Matteo began to doubt his earlier assertion. 
“And you, Mr. Ian,” Luke continued, taking advantage of the moment. “You’ve seen it with your own eyes how your father treats your mother. When your mother took you away to Yartran, who appeared when she was being bullied?” 
Ian was embarrassed as well. He said nothing. 
Luke turned to Vivian. 
Of course, she did not mean what she said about changing her father. Solomon was no relation of hers; she spoke figuratively. 
But it was the intensity of her speech that struck Luke the most; it was a huge contrast to her simple mind. When he approached her, Vivian ran to her mother and clung on to her. 
“Don’t try to change my mind. I don’t like him! It was because of him that Mommy keeps getting hurt over and over again. Uncle Solomon would never allow that. I want him!”
She spoke so loudly that Luke covered the space between them in two strides and clasped her mouth shut. 
“Alright, young lady. Say no more, we will go to Uncle Solomon right now, okay?” He was mortified that Sebastian, who was at the doctor’s office, would come back and hear her. 
With Vivian in his arms, Luke marched out of the ward. Her brothers followed suit. 
When Sebastian returned to the ward, having obtained the latest updates from the doctor, there was no one in there except the unconscious Sasha.
###Chapter 232
Chapter 232
Did Luke take them? 
He pulled a chair and sat in it, turning his attention to the report clutched in his hand. 
Sebastian spent the past two days in the hospital without returning to his office. He attributed the uneasy feeling that was haunting him to fear of Sasha’s death. 
He squinted at the report. 
As a doctor, Sasha had struck her head with such precision using the hairpiece without killing herself. However, there were damages to the nerves in her brain. She might not be the same when she wakes up. 
May not be the same, in what sense? 
Will she lose her mind? Her sight? 
He balled up the report in his fist. His mind was cast back to the day at the hotel. 
Sasha was intense and passionate. It was something Sebastian had experienced on several occasions. First, she faked her death and left the country with her two newborns. On the yacht, she had stabbed herself just to expose Xandra. And that time when Matteo was in trouble, she went on a solo mission to rescue her son. 
She wasn’t afraid to die for her children. 
He did not expect the day to come when she would use her life to defend his secret for him. 
Is she really that courageous in the face of death?
His fingers ached from the tension. Back at the hotel when she was about to expose his secret, a murderous intent leaped to his heart before he could stop it. 
At that very second, he thought he was going to kill her. 
However, she would rather sacrifice herself than expose his secret. 
The irony was painful. 
Sebastian ripped up the report in anger and threw it into the bin. He looked up with bloodshot eyes and cursed. “Serves you right for being stabbed. You saved a man who has been constantly a thorn by your side. Are you stupid?” 
Insults and sarcasm were the only way he knew how to communicate with her. 
Nevertheless, he couldn’t bring himself to keep up the tirade. The lump in his throat was getting bigger, impeding his speech. 
The buzzing of his phone spared Sebastian. “Hello?” he cleared his throat, looking out the window as he picked up. 
“Mr. Hayes, we’re on to something,” his guard said. “The doctor who hypnotized Ms. Wand was not an acquaintance of Dr. Kaye. But we did a facial reconstruction on him. Turns out he’s a student of psychology from Moranta.” 
“What else?” Sebastian demanded. 
“We know Philip Emmanuel opened his bank account.” 
Upon piecing the information together, Sebastian was on his feet, with a terrible aura of cold fury about him that seemed to lower the temperature of the room.
His guard sensed it over the phone. “And what’s more, Mr. Hayes,” he concluded hastily. “the journalist has been interrogated. Someone wanted to find out about us. It’s the Emmanuels.” 
This time, there was no mistaking the deafening roar of silent rage on the other side. 
“Never mention the Eternal Group to me ever again,” said Sebastian quietly. 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
“Confiscate every asset belonging to the Emmanuels; send the evidence to the cops, and tell them that without my permission, no Emmanuel is allowed out. Especially. Mathilda. Emmanuel.” 
At the last sentence, Sebastian spat out each word with vehemence. 
This is madness! They’re over the line! 
I will root out every single one of them and force their family name into extinction! 
His uncontrollable rage might have something to do with his genetic deformity. 
On the same day that afternoon, the Emmanuel family within the walls of their home in Imperial Garden was not expecting a calamity to befall their family. 
Sasha woke up at night. She stared at the inviting warmth of the yellow bulb above her. The room was spinning as she worked hard to recall the events that had landed her in her present predicament. 
She had used up all her leave for the month. If she didn’t return to Clear Hospital soon, she wouldn’t be entitled to her incentive. 
With that notion, she attempted to get out of bed.
Before she could prop herself upright, a searing pain at the side of her head forced her eyes shut. It was so intense and sudden, she could not help but let out a cry before falling back down. 
What is going on? Why did my head hurt so much? 
Clenching her teeth to steady herself, she gingerly touched her head. A series of hurried footsteps and a familiar voice greeted her ears. 
“You’re awake? Don’t move too much, you’re still hurt.” The voice was low and pleasant, tinged with panicked concern. 
Sasha froze in surprise, not believing what she heard. Gazing upwards slowly, she saw the familiar broad frame and handsome features, like the magnum opus of a master artist, striding towards her. 
It felt like a century ago that she had this déjà vu of him approaching her. She lay for a long time motionless, staring at him. 
The blank, confused look in her beautiful eyes caused Sebastian’s heart to sink
###Chapter 233
Chapter 233
She doesn’t recognize me? 
Can she remember me? Am I losing my mind? 
Sebastian steadied himself and approached her cautiously. “Sasha?” 
Sasha gazed back at him unblinkingly, through wide and tear-streaked eyes. 
However, he saw the recognition in her gaze. It almost seemed as if she was waiting for something. 
Sebastian was unable to restrain himself any longer. He took another step towards her. Sasha shrank away from him immediately. 
“What are you doing? You are still hurt! Don’t move!” He grabbed hold of her. 
His touch seemed to agitate Sasha. Distrust became horror as she screamed and twisted herself free from him. 
“Let go! Let go of me!” 
Distraught and afraid of hurting her, Sebastian let her go. 
He watched as Sasha cower on her bed like a cornered deer. She buried her head under the blanket and began chastising herself. 
Has she really lost her mind? 
Sebastian stood by the bed. His limbs and face felt unnaturally cold. He did not know what or how to feel. 
Thump.
Under the cover of her quilt, Sasha’s thin wrist appeared stealthily. 
She was like a thief, feeling her way around the cabinet by her bed, and knocked over a glass bottle. 
What is she doing? 
Sebastian went towards it, intending on cleaning up the shattered glass. 
Sasha watched him through a crack in her quilt and waited for her chance. He was kneeling over the broken glass and caught sight of her staring at him through the bottom of the bed. 
“Argh! Why won’t you leave me alone? Are you an evil spirit or something? Why am I always dreaming about a scum like you?” Sasha yelled in frustration. 
She remained huddled under her quilt, exposing only her angry eyes to glare at Sebastian. 
He froze, still on the floor. 
In her dreams? Scum? 
“Am I missing my son so much that I’m dreaming of the scum?” Sasha furrowed her brows in confusion as she continued to mumble to herself out loud. 
It was true that she did not think of Sebastian much or dreamed of him for the past five years. 
During her time in Moranta, she had worked incessantly to set up a new life. Besides, she had to sever all ties with her past connections when she faked her death. 
Now he stood before Sasha, as clear as day. Just like the same old domineering and stubborn Sebastian that she remembered. 
I must be dreaming. Sasha concluded.
She decided to go back to sleep, but before she could, her bare arm outside of the blanket was met with a sudden warmth. It surprised her to see a muscular hand closing over hers. 
“Is it true?” 
“What?” 
“Can you feel me touching you?” The man kneeling before her sounded hoarse. He could wrap her thin wrists in one palm. 
All she could feel was her hand being caressed with a gentleness that was shocking to her. Sasha’s eyes widened. 
How could this be? 
Am I still dreaming? He feels so real. 
It scared her. Sasha felt overwhelmed by emotions and her throbbing temple. She moaned quietly. 
“What’s wrong? Are you in pain?” Sebastian asked, panicking slightly. 
Several memories surfaced in Sasha’s mind. She pictured the man holding her and struggled to form the words from her quivering lips. 
“Matteo is missing. Please… find him.” 
With that, she passed out. 
At this moment, the doctors burst in upon the immediate cessation of noise. 
After order had been restored, Sebastian heard the doctor’s verdict.
“There’s nothing wrong with her,” he said. “You mentioned she was confused. That may just be a lingering side effect of trauma. Thankfully, Mr. Hayes, she did not lose her sight, or her mind. She is a superb doctor.” 
The doctor could not help but marvel at Sasha’s medical skills. 
Sebastian was beyond relieved. His twenty-eight years of life had not been as torturous as the ten minutes it took to wait for the doctor’s examination. The suffering was akin to a visit to hell. 
He was unwilling to admit it, but it had been the darkest point in his life.
###Chapter 234
Chapter 234
“That memory disorder of hers, will she recover from it?” 
“She will. Didn’t you say that while she passed out, her consciousness was in another time period? That tells us that that part of the brain was affected. With some rest, she’ll be back to normal in no time.” 
The doctor gave Sebastian some final reassurance. 
Truth be told, Sasha’s situation was exactly like what the doctor said. When she woke up the next day, Sebastian noticed that she had remembered everything, including the things that happened before she fainted. 
Having said that, Sasha would occasionally be slow to react to things around her. 
“Sasha?” 
“Huh?” It took some time before she responded as she sat on the bed. Her tiny face turned, looking at Sebastian with a blank stare. 
Seeing that she responded, Sebastian picked up the glass of warm water he poured in advance; and the medicine that was left on the side. “Take your medicine. The water’s going cold.” 
She looked tired and took a while to react. “Okay… “ 
Sasha proceeded to pick up the pills from Sebastian’s hand with her cold fingers and stuffed them in her mouth, swallowing them just like that. 
Sebastian did not say anything. 
He kept his temper at bay and held up the water, directly to her lips this time.
His action astonished Sasha. 
Even though her reaction time was a bit slow, she still remembered the things that happened between them. Especially what happened before she blacked out. 
Did this man’s personality change? Why is he treating me like this? Is it because I’m injured? 
As a matter of fact, that was certainly not the case. Even if Sasha was injured, she was injured because she did not want to expose his secrets. Sebastian was oblivious as he thought that Sasha only saw him violently snap a dog’s neck when he was five. He did not know that she also saw him do something even more terrifying and violent when he was eleven. 
The thought sent shivers down Sasha’s back, and she immediately shut her mouth tight. 
Her action caused Sebastian to knit his eyebrows. 
What’s this woman doing? The doctor did tell me she’d be a little slow, but there was nothing about her not listening to me. Truth be told, to him, it looked like Sasha was afraid of him. 
Sebastian felt uncomfortable with how she swallowed the pills, worried that she might choke herself. So, he raised an eyebrow before squeezing her chin in his hand. 
“Open up!” 
Sasha stayed quiet as her eyes widened, staring at him. 
Is he… Forcing me to drink? What’s he trying to do? Murder? 
Her face instantly paled. Looking at him, a layer of moisture formed within her eyes, expressing the fear and shock she was feeling at the moment. 
Sebastian was rendered speechless by her reaction.
What’s she crying about? I’m just feeding her some water because she might choke herself! But she’s crying? 
Sebastian’s temper was rising as he scolded, “What are you crying for? Do you think I’m going to poison you? Just drink the water, you dumb fool. What’s gotten into your head?” 
Sasha was stunned. He just wants me to drink? Nothing else? 
She was stumped as she looked at him for quite a while before confirming that the man in front of her had no other intentions. Thus, she lowered her gaze and opened her mouth to take a few sips of water. 
To her surprise, it was actually just water, and it made Sasha feel a bit awkward. 
“Alright, you get some rest. I’ll be back after work.” 
Sebastian, on the other hand, did not notice her unusual behavior. To him, those were all normal because Sasha injured her head. 
He picked up his coat and headed towards the door, about to go back to the company. 
Sasha remained silent. 
However, when Sebastian reached the door, it was like Sasha just heard what he said. So, she immediately stopped him. “You don’t have to come. I can take care of myself.” 
“What did you just say?” Sebastian stopped in place. He was most likely still getting used to how slow Sasha was, so he did not hear her properly. 
“I don’t think my injury is that serious. I should be discharged soon. Can you send Matteo and Vivian to my apartment? I’ll be back in the afternoon,” she told him.
Does she actually want to leave? More than that, she’s asking me to send her children to her apartment? 
Once Sebastian caught on, his expression immediately darkened. “Are you disobeying me again? Maybe I should lock you up.” 
“Huh?” Sasha was dumbfounded and her expression bleached. 
Lock me up? 
Sebastian was quiet as he calmed himself down. 
Eventually, he softened his tone, “You’ve not fully recovered yet, so you need to stay here for a few more days. I’ll let you go back once you’re healed. Can you please listen to me?” 
The last part of his sentence was spoken very mannerly, as though he was coaxing a child. 
That being said, Sasha was still pretty much afraid of what Sebastian said in his previous statement. 
Indeed, she had not fully recovered. That was why her reactions were all very slow. And all she could think about now was what Sebastian said prior because of the shock it gave her. 
Does he actually want to lock me up? He’s afraid that I would run away. Now that he knows I saw what happened that year, he’s trying to keep me by his side at all times; so I don’t spill his secret. 
For Sasha, locking her up seemed to make sense. 
What then? Imprison me forever? Or… He might just execute me! 
That idea sent chills down her spine. It felt like she got stabbed as a sharp pain came pulsing from her heart, making it hard for her to breathe.
###Chapter 235
Chapter 235
But why? If I wanted to do that, I wouldn’t have put my life on the line at yesterday’s banquet. 
Sasha was still sitting on the bed. The colors on her eyes faded like a blossom that suddenly lost all its life force as she idled there. For an extended period of time, she did not move a single inch. 
She stayed like that until noon when she heard cheery footsteps scampering outside. 
“Mommy! We’re here to see you, Mommy! Do you miss us?” A child’s voice echoed through the hallway. 
Hearing that, Sasha looked towards the door. Soon after, a little girl appeared in a pink dress, dashing towards her as soon as she got there. 
It was Vivian. 
Seeing her finally put a smile on Sasha’s face, and she immediately pulled off the blanket and got out of bed. “Vivi, come give me a hug! I missed you guys so much!” 
The cute little kid happily ran towards her mother and hugged her with a smile on her face. 
Ian and Matteo came in shortly after. One of them carried a fruit basket, and the other had a thermos as they came in with Wendy. 
“Mommy, are you getting better? You were still asleep when we came here yesterday.” Matteo was concerned about his mother’s health. 
He approached Sasha as soon as he saw that she was finally awake and checked on the bandage on her head.
Sasha felt extremely touched, so she lowered her head and positioned it in front of the child. “Touch it. See if I’m fine now.” 
Matteo and Ian went quiet. 
However, Vivian raised her chubby hand and placed it on top of the bandage on Sasha’s head. 
“You dumb boys, if Mommy let us touch her head, it has to mean that she’s all better now. She’s a doctor, remember? Would she not understand her own situation? Right, Mommy?” 
“That’s right. Vivi’s the smartest after all,” Sasha said as she gave Vivian a peck on the cheek. 
After hearing that from their mother, Ian and Matteo were able to relax. Both of them opened up their arms and proceeded to dive into Sasha’s embrace. 
Wendy, who was on the side, placed the things that they brought on the table with a smile on her face as she watched them. When she was done, she approached the family that was still reluctant to let go of each other. 
“Alright now, you kids. Let your mommy have some food first, okay?” 
“Okay,” the triplets spoke as one. 
After that, Sasha went to eat at a small table while the three children were very thoughtful. They just played on the sofa on their own, not wanting to disturb their mother’s meal. 
“How are you, Ms. Wand?” Wendy poured some water for Sasha. “Is everything okay?” 
“… Yes, thank you, Wendy.” Sasha nodded and started drinking the soup. 
Seeing Sasha like this, Wendy was finally able to lift the weight on her chest. At that moment, she sat down beside her.
“That’s wonderful. Ms. Wand, you really are too kind for your own good. If you listened to your kids and didn’t go out, this wouldn’t have happened. Look at what happened to you.” Wendy was genuinely concerned about Sasha. 
Wendy had looked after Sebastian for many years and watched him become who he was every step of the way. Naturally, she would want his spouse to treat him faithfully. 
To her, Sasha was the best candidate as she treated Sebastian better than anyone else. 
However, when Wendy finished her sentence, it felt as though Sasha was ignoring her, drinking the soup. She showed no reactions whatsoever. 
Maybe she’s just hungry. 
Wendy did not give it too much thought and got up to do some chores. 
After about two minutes, Sasha finally responded with a spoon in her hand as she looked towards Wendy. “It’s okay. It was just an accident. I didn’t know something like that could happen when I got out that day.” 
“Huh?” Wendy was caught off guard. “What accident? You mean the incident at the Emmanuels?” 
“Yea.” Sasha nodded. 
Wendy immediately got riled up. “Bull*hit! How can you call that an accident? They were clearly waiting for you to step into their trap! You don’t know this, but the Emmanuels made an elaborate scheme just to set you up. Even Brandon Emmanuel personally came to the house to look for you.” 
The housemaid even followed that with a few more curses. 
Sasha was stumped by her comment.
What does she mean? What elaborate scheme? They were waiting for me? And what has Brandon got to do with any of this? 
Sasha could quickly comprehend what Wendy said this time and flooded her mind with thoughts regarding that. 
“What’s actually going on here? Why is Brandon involved in this?” 
“Why are you still mentioning him?” 
“But, I went to help him that day because his family had arranged for an engagement he did not like. What happened to me is totally unrelated,” Sasha explained to the housemaid as she tried her best to defend Brandon. 
She actually did not believe that Brandon was involved in what happened as she understood what kind of person Brandon was. 
Back in the day, even though he always visited the Hayes family to make fun of her, Brandon had never done anything harmful to her. 
However, Wendy was not buying it and got even angrier. “How can you confirm that this had nothing to do with him? Now that Mr. Hayes destroyed that entire family, do you still think Brandon wasn’t involved?
###Chapter 236
Chapter 236
“What did you just say? Sebastian destroyed the Emmanuel family?” 
“Didn’t he tell you that? What happened to you was caused by that family. They bribed some reporters and found someone to set you up. Mr. Hayes got infuriated when he found out about this. Not only did he reclaimed all the Emmanuels’ properties, but he also handed in all the evidence he had to the authorities. In the end, the police apprehended the leaders of the family. Even… Even Ms. Matilda was no exception. 
Clang! 
The spoon in Sasha’s hand dropped right into the bowl. She was gobsmacked as she looked at the housemaid in disbelief. 
It was really the Emmanuels who did that? But why did they do it? What benefits would that get them? I know they have a grudge to settle with me, and it’s serious enough for them to want me dead. But what does this have to do with Sebastian? What would they get if Sebastian goes down? 
Truth be told, the Emmanuel family had been supported by the Hayes family from the very beginning. If something were to happen to Sebastian, the giant Hayes Corporation would be in a situation where it would have no suitable candidates to inherit his position. After all, Frederick was getting too old, and the children were still too young. All the shareholders would definitely be vying for that position of power. 
What do they get if that happens? Sasha continues her long string of thoughts. Are they trying to dig their own grave? 
Sasha was both terrified and enraged at the same time, unable to accept the truth behind Wendy’s word.
“Ms. Wand?” 
Sasha was quiet. 
She forced herself to stay calm and was finally able to look at the housemaid. “Wendy, can you help me contact Brandon? Ask him to come and see me.” 
“Huh? You still want to see him?” 
“Why? Is he jailed as well?” Sasha expression finally changed. 
Nevertheless, Wendy told her that Brandon did not get caught up in what happened. 
“It was Mr. Hayes Sr.’s decision. He was vouching for Mr. Brandon. Besides, he is one of the shareholders of the Hayes Corporation. No matter how chaotic the Emmanuel family is, he would be fine.” 
“Alright then, please help me call him. I want to see him.” Sasha let out a sigh of relief and asked Wendy to make the arrangements. 
She needed to meet a member of the Emmanuel family to understand what went on. The incident was clearly not that simple. No matter what intentions they may have, the Emmanuels would never have targeted Sebastian like that. 
Other than that, she remembered that the psychologist talked about schizophrenia when they met. The illness was something that she did not tell anyone, including Dr. Kaye. 
So, how did he know about it? Sasha desperately needed an answer. 
Seeing that Sasha was persistent and defended him, Wendy finally promised her that she would ask Brandon to visit her at the hospital.
Thus, Sasha waited in the ward after Wendy left. 
However, as Sasha waited into the afternoon, it was Frederick who showed up instead of Brandon. 
“Sasha, how are you doing? I heard you woke up, so I came to see you. Is everything okay now?” 
Frederick was as polite as ever when he approached Sasha with his cane in hand to inspect her head. 
Sasha was quiet. 
There was an instance where all her emotions were welling up, and she almost cried right in front of the old man. 
All those years, she had always treated him as her own father. She held him near and dear to her heart. Sasha would act tough and show her determination in front of anyone, but Frederick was an exception. 
In front of him, she did not have to act. 
Sasha’s eyes turned red as she wanted to call out to him. 
“Sasha,” Frederick spoke before she could say anything. “I’m so sorry for what happened to you. I didn’t know that people were trying to dig out secrets of the Hayes family from you. Thank goodness you were aware of the situation and prevented a catastrophe. Now, You don’t have to worry anymore. I’ll protect you from now on, so you just stay by my side and don’t go anywhere, okay?” 
Frederick stood there and looked at Sasha as he made the important decision. 
Sasha was stunned.
Stay by his side from now on? At the Hayes residence? Does that mean… I can only stay by his side for the rest of my life? Just for the family secret? Is he trying to protect me, or is he actually just trying to imprison me? 
It dawned on Sasha. Initially, she was slow to react, but at that instance, she could feel goosebumps all over her body from Frederick’s terrifying gaze under the guise of a considerate smile. 
Sasha immediately swallowed the words that reached her mouth. 
She had never seen this look from Frederick before. Back then, those eyes were always kind, considerate, and affectionate. 
However, it felt like he was extremely distant and indifferent at that moment. So much so that it was even enough to make Sasha’s nerves tingle. 
“Mr. Hayes, what I did that year was unintentional… “ 
“I know. If you intended to do it, you wouldn’t have seen it.” 
Frederick was surprisingly calm. 
With that, Sasha could no longer hold it in, her eyes bloodshot. “If that’s the case, why do you need me to go with you? You know that I’ve been keeping it a secret all these years. I never told anyone about it.”
###Chapter 237
Chapter 237
“Yes, I believe you. But keeping that secret with you is ultimately too dangerous.” 
“What… are you trying to say?” Sasha took some time before she could squeeze past her sobbing to ask. 
Frederick smiled. “What I meant is that you’ll be safer with me around. After all, Sebastian’s life cannot be at risk. This time, you were alert and prevented a crisis. What about the next time? Sasha, none of us wants to take this risk.” 
The old man was finally making his intentions clear. 
Sasha was stunned. 
What does he mean by this? He doesn’t want to risk his son’s life, so he’s going to imprison his best friend’s daughter instead? For how long? One year? Ten years? Or is it going to be forever? 
At this point in time, Sasha felt even more disappointed. 
She felt lost as she looked at the man that once told her he would treat her as his own. In the end, she let the tears she held in for so long fall. “Actually, you don’t have to be so tedious about it. Just kill me. That would be the safest option.” 
“What are you talking about? How could I kill you? I’ve watched you grow ever since you were young! Moreover, you are the mother to my two grandchildren. Why would I ever do that?” Frederick was furious. 
Sasha showed no signs of reacting after hearing what he said. 
He won’t kill me? What’s the difference between imprisoning me forever and killing me? Maybe he doesn’t want to bear the guilt.
Sasha grinned and said nothing. 
Seeing that she was not going to say anything, Frederick felt a little awkward. 
“Alright. I’ll send someone to pick you up tomorrow. You enjoy your time with the kids tonight and don’t worry. I’m not going to mistreat you. Everything will be like it was back then when you’re with me.” 
Silence ensued. 
After another long pause, Sasha finally responded, “Like how it was when I was your daughter-in-law?” 
In an instant, Frederick’s expression turned even more rigid. 
“Since you don’t want to be with Sebastian, you won’t be my daughter-in-law. You’re my daughter. I’ll recognize you as my goddaughter.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. I’ve already agreed upon the marriage between Xandra and Sebastian. She will be my daughter- in-law from now on, but you don’t have to worry. You will always have more authority than her in the Hayes family!” 
Frederick gave Sasha a promise as if he was trying to assure her, giving her some special treatment. 
When Frederick left, Sasha stared into his back. She felt the blood in her veins run cold, remembering a lot about what happened in the past and felt nothing from them anymore. 
So, blood will always be thicker than water. 
… 
After Sebastian got out of work, he came to the hospital just as expected.
However, this time around, he noticed that Sasha was even slower. When he came in, she carried a chair over and sat at the window, enjoying the cold breeze. There was no response from her even after Sebastian called out to her multiple times. 
Has it gotten even worse? 
Sebastian immediately became tensed and hurried over to her while tossing his laptop to the sofa. “Sasha Wand, are you deaf? Did you not hear me calling you?” 
“Huh” 
Sasha finally raised her head after having the cold breeze in her face for a long while. 
The cold made her face slightly translucent, and Sebastian did not need to touch it to know that she was freezing herself, just based on the greenish color on her lips. 
This woman really has gone mad. 
Sebastian face turned dark and stern. He immediately bent down to carry Sasha out of the chair. 
“Ah…” Sasha was startled, letting out a scream. 
What’s this man doing? 
Before she knew it, her heart was racing. Her veins expanded as blood came flowing up to the top of her head, making her head ring. 
“What… what are you doing?” 
“What am I doing? Are you out of your mind? Why would you sit here? Do you want to stay in the hospital even longer?”
Sebastian was never a patient person. So, when he heard Sasha’s question, he immediately got irritated. 
Sasha stayed quiet until Sebastian put her down on the bed. He even pulled the blanket up to cover her up. After that, she was able to slowly calm herself down as the ringing in her head subsided. 
Is he worried about me? Is he afraid that I might catch a cold? 
Sebastian’s actions reminded Sasha of him force-feeding her the glass of water. It was just a normal glass of water, but she thought he tried to poison, imprison, and murder her, so she refused the drink. 
It was just water in the end. 
On the other hand, the old man, who she was so happy to see and suspected nothing of, was the one who wanted to imprison her and put her away. 
How ironic! Sasha thought as she slowly closed her eyes. 
“Did you take your medicine?” 
“I did.” 
“Have you eaten anything yet?” 
“Yes.” 
“What about the injection?” 
“It’s done.”
Their questions and the answers had no delay in it and flowed smoothly, and it surprised Sebastian, who was pouring some water for himself. 
He turned around to look at the woman who he tossed onto the bed, the woman that stayed there in the same position without even moving an inch. 
Has she recovered? 
Sebastian walked over to her and pulled a chair from the side to him. 
“Your rate of recovery is quite impressive,” he said. 
“What are you talking about?” Sasha did not understand what he was saying. 
However, she still opened her eyes and looked towards him, who was at her bedside. Sebastian was sitting up straight with his legs crossed. He had a beautiful nose and a flawless face, reading Sasha’s medical record with one hand on the armrest. The whole scene looked casual, yet, there was a mysterious elegance to it that made others unable to shift their eyes away.
###Chapter 238
Chapter 238
“Are you done staring at me?” 
“Huh? What?” Sasha snapped out of it, her pale face flushed in a matter of seconds before she turned around and hid under the blanket. 
That was so embarrassing! 
However, the man behind her was snickering. Sebastian grinned after seeing what Sasha was doing. “Since you’re performing exceptionally well, I’ll allow you to get discharged tomorrow. 
“Really?” 
Sasha was like an excited little girl, instantly turning back towards him. 
“Yes.” Sebastian raised an eyebrow. “I’ll come and handle the paperwork tomorrow morning. The day after happens to be Christmas Eve, so you should do some preparations when you get home. I’m too busy to do anything.” 
Within a few sentences, Sebastian was able to push all the work onto Sasha. 
If it was in the past, Sasha would have been delighted. 
They hardly ever got along, so it was out of the question for him to give her any work to do. Back then, even being delegated some house chores would make Sasha feel happy. 
Having said that, she just looked at him and sat up. 
“I’m hungry.” 
“Didn’t you just eat?”
Sebastian raised his head after hearing her and looked at her with his beautiful onyx eyes. He was amazed. 
Right then, Sasha shifted her gaze away awkwardly. “What I ate… was lunch.” 
Her voice was as soft as a little kitten. She sounded like any patient would, weak and winded. 
It made Sebastian’s heartbeat speed up as he seldom saw here in this current state. 
Thus, he said nothing more and made a call to order some food. 
After half an hour, a deliveryman appeared at the door with two huge boxes of food. 
What’s this? I’m the only one eating right? That’s too much! 
Sasha looked at the man on the sofa with a puzzled expression. “Why did you order so much food? How do you expect me to finish them?” 
“Who told you that you’re the only one eating? I have to eat too, you know,” Sebastian replied while he sat on the sofa with his legs crossed, his fingers gliding across the keyboard on his laptop. 
Sasha was instantly taken aback by what he just said. 
He hasn’t eaten too? Wait… this isn’t about whether he ate or not. Why is he eating here in the first place? And with me? 
With that in mind, her eyes gaped, thinking that she misheard him. 
On the other hand, Sebastian went on with his work for quite some time before finally shifting his eyes from the screen to Sasha. “What’s wrong?”
She stayed quiet and took some time before she turned awkwardly to get the food. “It’s fine. You should eat with me. Don’t let it get cold.” 
“Okay. Let me get this email done first.” 
Sebastian lowered his and returned to his work. 
As soon as Sasha saw the food, she gulped and finally accepted the situation that she was in. It was something Sasha would have never thought about. 
When Sasha said she was hungry, she was only trying to make Sebastian stay there a bit longer. Never in her wildest dream would she thought that Sebastian would be dining with her. 
Sasha proceeded to take out the boxes of food. She realized that Sebastian was really going all out. Only two people were eating, but he ordered a ludicrous amount of food. There were two main courses, two side dishes as well as a whole bunch of other stuff. 
What’s this? Sasha looked towards him once again. “I think you ordered too much. We won’t be able to finish it with just the two of us.” 
“We can throw it out if we can’t finish it. Why would you think about whether you can finish it when you’re eating? Aren’t you tired of living like this, Sasha Wand?” Sebastian commented in his usual domineering tone. 
The only response Sasha could give was a sigh before she sat down. 
After a while, Sebastian was finally done with his work. So, he got up from the sofa and sat right across the small table facing Sasha. 
“What would you like? The broccoli soup, garlic bread… “
“Those are for you. You’re still recovering, so you need to eat light.” Sebastian told her while picking up some pasta. 
Did I hear this right? Sasha instantly froze with the noodle she had hanging from her mouth. 
These are all for me? Why? Since when did he become so considerate? 
Back then, Sebastian would always ridicule and belittle Sasha, taking shots at her all the time. He had never actually cared about her. 
The more she thought about it, the more she felt a lingering fear creeping up on her. 
Nevertheless, Sasha was without a doubt happy when she heard what he said. 
And so, she quietly confirmed that Sebastian was only eating the rice and nothing else before grabbing the soup that she had been eyeing on. 
Sebastian kept quiet. You’re such an idiot! 
It took some time for the two of them to get over the awkward atmosphere before finally talking like how they used to. 
“How are the kids at home?” 
“They’re fine. They listen to me since you’re not there,” he answered as he ate. 
Even though they were worried about their mother, the kids were rather obedient the past two days since Sebastian promised them that he would bring Sasha back.
###Chapter 239
Chapter 239
Hearing that, Sasha stopped eating for a brief moment. “Even Vivi? Did she cause any problems?” 
“That little girl?” He knitted his brows as he was chowing down the food before him. 
Seeing that made Sasha’s heart sank. 
“What happened? What did she do? Please don’t be angry at her. She’s been pampered ever since she was still a baby, so please be patient with her. She’s actually a good girl.” 
Part of Sasha wanted to tell him that he should treat Vivian well. After all, she was his child too. 
With that being said, Sasha kept quiet. Sebastian would definitely be suspicious if she said that at a time like this. 
Besides, the possibility of him believing her if she told him Vivian was his daughter was slim. Sebastian would most probably think Sasha was up to something. 
It pained her just thinking about it. 
Luckily, Sebastian noticed she was flustered. “What are you panicking about? I didn’t even do anything to her. She’s fine, so don’t worry.” 
With that, Sasha let out a sigh of relief. 
That’s great. 
At that moment, she lowered her gaze. She did not know whether she should feel happy or sad. 
The kids listening to Sebastian was great news, so Sasha figure she should be glad. She wanted to be happy.
Truth be told, the moment she heard him speak, she could barely even lift the fork she had in her hand. It felt like there was a heavy load on top of it. The sadness she felt made breathing feel like a grind. 
“What happened? Why did you stop eating?” 
“Huh? Eating… I’m eating.” Sasha snapped out of it and hid her feelings away. 
Sebastian watched her for a bit and noticed that something was off. However, he did not put too much thought into it. He figured that it was just the side effect of her injury, like how she sat at the window like an idiot when he came. 
Eventually, the two finished their meals after about an hour. 
Frankly speaking, Sasha was the one eating everything while Sebastian just sat there. 
He was really picky about the food he ate and the environment he dined in. That was the reason why Sasha was so astonished when Sebastian stayed and ate with her. 
“Are you going back now?” 
“Yes. Wendy can’t handle them all at once. I’ll have to go back early to put them to bed.” 
After he cleared the table, Sebastian went on to wash his hands in the bathroom before picking up his coat. 
Sasha quietly watched while he was getting ready to leave. 
She could see the tiredness in his eyes. It was most likely due to the rush between going back and forth between the company and the hospital that exhausted Sebastian. 
Even so, he was certainly a qualified father since he did not even have the time to eat; but, he was still thinking of the children at home at a moment like this.
Sasha felt like she was able to relax with Sebastian on the job. 
“Alright, take care then,” she urged softly. 
She looked at him affectionately. At that instance, she was trying her best to remember everything about the man in front of her, doing her best to burn it into her mind. 
Sebastian stopped as if he felt Sasha’s intense gaze and turned around. 
Nevertheless, the moment he turned, Sasha shifted her gaze and pretended to pour some water for herself. She showed nothing peculiar as she was very calm. 
On the other side of the room, Sebastian narrowed his gaze, thinking that he might have mistaken what he saw. 
Before Sebastian left the hospital, he gave Luke a call and asked him to settle the discharge procedures for Sasha in the morning. 
She’s been out of sorts. Maybe she really misses home. If that’s the case, I’ll have to get her home earlier. 
Nonetheless, Sebastian did not know that after a few hours, when the hospital became quiet, while the doctors and nurses were resting, someone sneaked into Sasha’s ward. 
After that night, Sasha was gone from the hospital. 
… 
When the news got to the Hayes residence, Frederick was waiting for Sasha in the living room.
Beside him were a few house deeds as well as some expensive-looking jewelry. The moment he heard Sasha was gone, he shot up from his seat and smashed everything there onto the floor. 
“Sasha Wand. I’m extremely disappointed with you!” 
His infuriated roar echoed from the living area and resonated within the walls of the manor. 
Everyone in the house was horrified of what just happened and no one dared come out to check. 
Only the butler, Tim, came in and hurried the messenger away. “What are you people still standing there for? Go search for her. I want to see her here, dead or alive! If you come back without her, you’ll be leaving without your head.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
After he gave out the order, Tim approached Frederick, whose eyes were bright red, and tried to calm him down. 
“Mr. Hayes, please calm down. It has only been one night. I doubt she could go very far. Even if she left Avenport, we only have to investigate the portals that she might have used. Then, we’ll know where she went.” 
Frederick did not respond. He was still very much agitated that his chest heaved rapidly before calming down. 
However, the killing intent that he emitted did not die even after he calmed down. In fact, it grew even more intense the calmer Frederick became.
###Chapter 240
Chapter 240
“It seems like I’ve underestimated her, and now she’s fooling around with me.” 
“Like I said, sir. She’s still someone else’s daughter. She has faked her death once. What else can’t she do?” 
Crack! 
A crisp crackling sound came as Frederick snapped the can in his hand in two. 
Even the butler was dumbfounded by his action. 
“Let everyone know to grab her on sight!” 
“Understood.” 
The butler was overjoyed at his order as he immediately went and made the arrangements. While he was issuing the order, he specifically told the men to be wary of the Hayes Corporation. They could not let the company know about this. 
It was obvious that Tim was referring to Sebastian when he mentioned the company. 
At this moment in time, Sebastian had not received the news yet. Luke kept calling him, but he never picked up because he was busy comforting the little girl on the second floor. 
“Mommy! I want my mommy!” Vivian cried. 
It was as if she sensed that her mother was in danger, so the first thing she did when she woke up was crying. 
In the end, Sebastian had to come in himself. “Stop it. Stop crying!”
When Sebastian came in, Vivian was in her pink pajamas without wearing shoes, just hugging her bunny doll while she cried a river. 
He was very irritated by the crying? What’s gotten into her? Who made her cry? 
He approached her, wanting to put a jacket on Vivian in case she caught a cold. 
With that being said, the little girl’s cry grew even louder when she saw him. “Mommy! I want Mommy! I don’t want you! Get out! Get out!” Her chubby hand swung frantically, not letting Sebastian get near her. 
Sebastian was barely holding it in. 
Right when he was about to give Vivian a spanking, the other two kids sneaked in. Seeing that their father was already very agitated, one of them went to their sister while the other blocked their father. 
“Daddy, what are you doing?” Ian asked. 
For Vivian, Ian had come in without even wearing his shoes. 
Sebastian noticed it and got even more annoyed. “What can I do to her? I want her to stop crying. Didn’t you hear it? It’s early in the morning, and her obnoxious cry has filled the whole house.” 
Ian and Matteo both stayed quiet. 
Is Daddy okay? He actually called Vivi’s cry obnoxious. 
Soon after, Vivian’s crying intensified. “Mommy! I want my Mommy!” 
It looked like she was losing her mind, pushing her brother to the side as if she had a massive injury, and ran out of the room with her bare feet.
There was nothing Sebastian could do but chase after her. 
Within a few minutes, Sebastian was able to catch the little girl who was crying like her mother just died. He pulled her into his embrace.” Alright now, it’s my fault. I shouldn’t have shouted at you. I shouldn’t have said your cry was obnoxious. I’m sorry, okay? Please don’t cry.” 
It was the first time this tyrant in the business sector got on his knees and spoke in such a soft voice to coax a little girl. He even placed all the blame on himself. 
With that, even though Vivian was still crying, it was less terrifying now as she was in her father’s arms. 
“I… I want Mommy.” 
“I know. I’m going to fetch her home later, okay?” Sebastian stayed calm. 
Finally, Vivian stopped crying after hearing what he just said, but she still looked sad. 
“Can you promise me? I just had a very bad dream. I dreamed that Mommy’s gone. Uncle Sebastian, I can’t live without Mommy. If Mommy’s gone, I’ll become an orphan.” 
Sebastian was quiet. 
What’s going on in this girl’s head? Is this something a five-year-old should say? 
He frowned, wanting to reprimand her for saying those things, but stopped when he saw the maturity in her sad eyes that superseded her age. 
Indeed, this girl lost her father a long time ago. It’s normal for her to feel insecure. 
“That’s not going to happen. If your mommy’s gone, you’ll still have me. I’ll take care of you,” Sebastian was considerate out of the blue.
But of course, he was just joking around. He figured there was no way Sasha would disappear. 
To him, she was like the weed. Strong and unbending no matter where she was. She was simply invincible, just like how she had survived all those years after faking her death. 
Just thinking about it was able to fan the rage within Sebastian. 
Luckily, the little girl had stopped crying after hearing what he just said. After that, he brought her to his two sons and ordered them to take care of her while he went up the stairs. 
When he got to the third floor, his phone rang once again. 
“Hello?” 
“My Lord! Mr. Hayes, where have you been? I’ve been calling you for ages now. Something happened at the hospital!”
###Chapter 241
Chapter 241
Luke sounded like he was about to cry on the phone, and Sebastian’s expression changed when he heard what he said. 
Hospital? Something happened at the hospital? Is it Sasha? 
Sebastian instantly grabbed the car keys and ran out when her name popped into his head. “What happened?” 
“Ms. Wand… Ms. Wand is gone!” Luke’s voice was still shivering. “We’ve looked everywhere in the hospital for her. We’ve even gone through the security footage! We found nothing! It was like she just vanished into thin air!” 
Sebastian remained quiet as he hurried down the stairs. 
Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks and remembered what Vivian had said about her mommy disappearing. 
Why would her mommy suddenly disappear? Bulls***! 
“How can a breathing person just disappear like that?” Sebastian roared into the phone, his eyes were getting increasingly terrifying. “Find her! Even if you have to flip the whole city over, I want her found!” 
Sebastian was panicking. As someone who always had total control over his emotion, he felt like he was about to go insane at that very moment. 
“Wait, Mr. Hayes. Mr. Hayes Sr. came to the hospital,” Luke quickly added. 
“What did you just say? My father?”
“Yes! After he left, we found people from the Hayes residence through the security footage. Mr. Hayes, this… What does this imply? 
Luke was actually reluctant to ask that last question because once he said it, it would mean that a war between the father and son was inevitable. 
The fact was, their relationship was never close, so things were only going downhill further from then on. 
However, the importance of a human life vastly outweighed the decline of their relationship. 
As expected, Sebastian immediately ended the call. After that, everyone who saw him in the villa would have felt his intense murdering intent as he walked past and disappeared like a whirlwind. 
It was very terrifying. 
Right then, Matteo came out. “Daddy, where are you going? Did something happen?” 
Ian was still hugging Vivian while patting her back. When he heard Matteo ask that question, his emotionless face turned and looked towards them. 
“Do you want to know?” 
Matteo was hesitant as he did not want to know what went on amongst the adults. He knew it was too complicated for him to comprehend. He only wanted his father and mother to be safe so that they could live happily as a family. 
In the end, Matteo just went and sat down with his brother and waited for their mother to come home. 
… 
At the Hayes residence.
Before Frederick did what he did, he actually knew that his son would eventually find out. 
Nevertheless, he did not expect him to be this fast. Frederick had just caught wind of the situation and sent his men out, and Sebastian’s car was already at his doorsteps. 
“Mr. Hayes, what brings your here?” 
“Get out of my way!” 
Tim heard the commotion and immediately came out, thinking he could hold him down for a bit. 
Having said that, the minute Tim got out, Sebastian, who just got out of the car, saw him and his eyes instantly turned red as he stared at him. With a roar, Sebastian kicked Tim onto the ground. 
Sebastian had never acknowledged Tim’s position as a butler. He did not like him and cared nothing about him. 
With a body covered in murderous intent, Sebastian walked in. All the family members that heard the commotion all came out to see Sebastian marching into the residence early in the morning with a terrifying aura. 
As soon as they saw him, they immediate returned to their rooms. 
To them, Sebastian was Death Incarnate. He was not someone they could offend, so hiding was the best option. 
In the end, Frederick, who was waiting for news in the living room, met up with his son, who was ready to kill at a moment’s notice. 
“Where is she?” Sebastian got straight to the point when he saw Frederick.
Seeing that he asked, Frederick’s expression changed as he stood up. 
After some quick decisions, he decided to not admit to anything. “Who’re you talking about? Why aren’t you at the company this early in the morning? What did you come here for?” 
Sebastian sneered. He thought that his father would be as smart as him since they were related by blood. But now, Frederick was putting on an awful act, jesting like a clown in front of him. 
Sebastian grabbed a chair and pulled it over to him before sitting down. At the peak of his rage, he was the calmest. 
“If something similar to the doctor were to happen to her and she died. Do you believe me if I tell you I’d go to the police station now and confess that I was a murderer?” 
“You… “ 
Frederick was caught off guard. He never anticipated Sebastian would say something like this as he shot up from his seat in rage. 
Is he mad? He is doing all this for a woman like her? 
Frederick looked at Sebastian in disbelief. At that very moment, his son felt like a stranger to him. 
“Sebastian Hayes, I’m doing you a favor here. The only thing I can do is help you bury that secret forever. Am I wrong for doing that?” 
“No, you did nothing wrong.” Sebastian shook his head calmly. “But that doesn’t give us the reason to kill someone.” 
“What did you just say?” Frederick was stunned. 
Sebastian looked at his father as his bloodshot eyes narrowed and emitted a fiendish shine.
“The reason was simple. If you do this, I’d just think that I was the one who killed everyone around me, and now is the turn of the mother of my children. Tell me, who’s next after you kill her?”
###Chapter 242
Chapter 242
All of a sudden, he raised his head, exposing the killing intent from his eyes. It was so intense that it made people shudder. 
Frederick was shocked and took a few steps back. 
For the longest of time, he could feel the chills in his bone, rendering him speechless. 
“You… You’ve actually gone mad!” 
“Yes, I’ve gone mad. If you kill her, I really can’t guarantee what I’d do.” Sebastian gritted his teeth as he forced those words out of his mouth. 
That was exactly why he was there. 
Either Frederick handed the woman over to him, or Sebastian might go on another rampage. 
Eventually, Frederick’s face turned pale. 
He had expected it to be hard to explain once Sebastian found out about his plan, but he did not expect that Sebastian would be so adamant to the point where he was even threatening his own father. 
When did he start caring so much for this woman? He was ever bothered about what happened to her back in the day. 
Frederick stared at his son, both frightened and angered at the same time. It was the first time he realized his son was a total stranger. He was unable to read what was on his mind. 
“I did not kill her. I didn’t even touch her! So you stop losing your stupid act at once!” Finally, it was like Frederick had lost the war and was surrendering himself over. 
Sebastian immediately narrowed his eyes.
“You didn’t?” 
“Yes, I’ve never thought about killing her. I just wanted her to stay by my side and not go out anymore. But that woman of yours ran away last night. I’m looking for here too.” 
When the old man finished, he got angry once again. 
Frederick did not want to go that far. He even thought about compensating her, so he prepared deeds as well as expensive jewelry, thinking to gift them to Sasha once she arrived. 
He never actually thought that she would run away. 
After a while, Sebastian understood the situation. As he breathed a sigh of relief, he stared at his father, with hints of mockery in his eyes. 
“You think she would just stay put and let you imprison her forever?” 
“You… “ 
Frederick was rendered speechless once again. 
Luckily, Sebastian had calmed down as he stood up and straightened his shirt. “I’ll find her myself, but I hope something like this never happens again. You know what kind of person she is better than I do, don’t you?” 
“What did you just say?” 
“I said, didn’t you already know what kind of person she was when you proposed the engagement back then?” He turned around to look at Frederick, his gaze more terrifying than the first. 
While Sebastian watched Frederick, he showed no signs of anger, but his dark eyes were still able to pierce the old man’s soul and digging out all his deepest and darkest secrets.
When did he found out about this? 
Frederick turned pale. 
At that moment, he no longer had any confidence to continue arguing with Sebastian. It felt as if his disguise had been ripped away, and he was back to being just an old man again, his face was filled with mixed emotions. He looked pathetic. 
Looking at him, Sebastian sneered before turning around and left. 
He was absolutely right about the marriage. Everyone thought that the Hayes family was very righteous as they reached out to a lonely girl whose family was in shambles. 
No one knew that Frederick had ulterior motives, that the girl was the target in the first place. All because she accidentally stumbled into Sebastian’s secrets. 
Frederick could not stop worrying that one day, she would spill the secret and ruin Sebastian’s life. That was why he proposed a marriage to her when she was at her lowest. 
On the other hand, the girl felt so much guilt towards Sebastian because of that incident, but she still liked him. 
She gave up her chance to study in a university, gave up on the chance for her family to rise, and took a gamble by marrying into his family. 
Ultimately, she ended up in the current predicament. 
When Sebastian left with his car, he was shivering. 
He actually did not know about it. It dawned on him during the conversation with Frederick. The way he disregarded her life like that said it all.
It took a huge toll on Sebastian. 
He never knew that his father was actually a very cruel character. Frederick even fooled him with his impeccable acting skills. 
All of a sudden, he blasted the car horn. His emotion had reached its peak as he smashed his fist into the steering wheel. 
He felt pained. 
Sebastian never knew that one day, his heart would ache for that woman. 
It felt like he was stabbed in the heart. He did not want to admit it, but the pain he felt was too realistic. It was enough to make Sebastian fall flat on the steering, unable to sit straight. 
Why is she so stupid? Is it worth it just for me? 
Back then, when he found out that she was the person who left him those letters, he had no reactions. When he found out that she kept his secret, he felt indifferent. 
However, at that moment, Sebastian’s heart was in pain, like it was pricked and cut by needles and knives, causing him so much pain that he could not even hold the steering wheel.
###Chapter 243
Chapter 243
At that point in time, the Bentley was on the road at top speed, swaying from side to side, scaring away all the cars that saw him. 
What’s this driver doing? 
Is the guy drunk? 
Some of the people even wanted to call the police. 
Luckily, a phone call came in on the Bentley. 
“Mr. Hayes, good news.” It was Luke. “The hospital just called and told me that the nurse was able to record what happened on her phone. Ms. Wand left the hospital with someone else. It wasn’t Mr. Hayes Sr.’s men.” 
He was eager to relay the news to Sebastian. 
On the car, the man with red eyes slowly got up as he calmed down. 
“Who was it?” 
“Umm… It’s blurry, so we can’t make out who it was, but I got some men working on it. It won’t be long before we find out.” 
“Alright. I’m heading over,” Sebastian said as he put the pedal to the metal and headed straight toward 
… 
Sasha really did leave with someone. 
That someone was none other than the man she asked Wendy to look for, Brandon Emmanuel.
“Do you really want to head over to the psychologist’s country? Isn’t that a bit too far? Things are happening over here. Why are we going over there?” 
Brandon sat on the sofa. They were at a filming set not far away from the center of Avenport. He looked at the woman who was not far away, having her way with a map. 
That woman, was Sasha. 
She secretly contacted Brandon the day before after Frederick’s visit and asked him to sneak her out. So, he brought her to the set. 
It was a safe haven at the moment. 
With the Emmanuel family in complete chaos, no one would think that Sasha would be at the set with Brandon. 
Sasha planned out all the places that she needed to go before looking at Brandon. “Of course! Since you said your brother never gave him any money, we should start from the source of that money then.” 
“But you don’t have to go overseas to trace the money, right? It was transferred out of my brother’s domestic account.” 
“Who knows? There are so many mule accounts out there. You won’t even be able to detect what they do behind the scenes. The names are definitely just facades.” 
Sasha was very experienced in this, most likely because she and Raymond worked together on several financial investments back then. 
With that, Brandon finally kept quiet. 
However, he was still curios about why Sasha trusted him.
Not only did he beg his uncle, Brandon even went to see Sebastian personally to tell him that the Emmanuel family was not the culprit. Unfortunately, no one believed what he said, and in the end, the Emmanuel family was in shambles. 
Why does she believe that our family had nothing to do with what happened? 
Brandon quietly looked at Sasha for quite some time before asking, “Sasha, why do you trust me? I don’t think my family has ever treated you well.” 
Sasha, who at the moment was drawing on the map, fluttered her eyelashes and looked toward Brandon, who looked like an injured dog, waiting for Sasha to comfort him. 
“Because I don’t think your family is that stupid.” 
“What?” Brandon was surprised. “Stupid?” 
“Yes.” Sasha nodded. “It’s my life we’re talking about here. You wouldn’t need to go through such an elaborate ruse at the banquet. You guys would probable get rid of me quietly.” 
Brandon was speechless. 
He stared at woman in front of him, not knowing how to respond. 
She’s changed. She’s talking about life and death here. How can she just joke about it! 
In the end, Brandon decided to no prob any further. He followed Sasha’s instructions and made arrangements for a helicopter to come that night before he left to film his scenes. 
As soon as he left, the smile on Sasha’s face immediately turned cold. She sat in front of the table and tightened her grip on the map, squeezing it as the murderous intent sipped out of her eyes.
Truth be told, she had other reasons to believe that the Emmanuel family was not the culprit. It was because of the psychologist. 
No one knew as she never mentioned the schizophrenia to anyone except in the book she wrote back then. 
In that book, she created a male lead character who was perfect in every way, and his only flaw was that he had an illness. 
The illness he had, was schizophrenia. 
Her book was very popular when it was first released because of the setting. However, she was overwhelmed by the Wand family’s bankruptcy and her marriage into the Hayes family, so she never bothered with it ever since. 
Having said that, when she came back, she found out that the book had been published. 
She was stupefied. 
On top of that, the publishing company was located in Moranto, where the psychologist was from. That was too much of a coincidence. 
Sasha walked to the window with a glass of water in hand as she looked towards the setting sun. Her gaze was sharp while all that was left on her expression; was the intent to kill.
###Chapter 244
Chapter 244
Two hours later, Brandon finally finished filming and was ready to leave. 
However, just as he was about to make a move, his assistant handed him his phone and said, “Mr. Brandon, there’s a call for you.” 
Brandon held the phone to his ear. “Hello?” 
“I’m only giving you three minutes. If I don’t see the woman within three minutes, I’ll make sure the Emmanuel family dies in the police station.” 
Brandon jumped in fright at the sound of the villainous voice on the phone. 
What the hell? 
This bastard is quick. 
How did he even do that? I was there last night myself, and I’ve hired a hacker to hack into the hospital’s surveillance. How did he find out so soon? 
Brandon turned pale. “Sebastian, don’t you dare! Sasha is not your prisoner! Why should I hand her over to you?” 
Even under threat, he remained loyal to Sasha and was not going to betray her. 
However, when the man spoke again, he felt a sudden chill as though coldness had crawled through the phone. 
“Are you testing my patience?” 
When Brandon remained silent, the man continued. “Fine. I’ll give you what you want.”
Suddenly, Brandon heard his older brother, Philip, wailing in agony through the phone. “No… no… Brandon, help me. Please…” 
Brandon was frozen in fear. 
The bastard! 
In the end, he had no choice but to run to Sasha with reddened eyes. 
At that moment, she was waiting in the lounge. 
Sasha had packed everything and was waiting for his return before leaving together. 
Sasha asked when she saw a despaired Brandon, “What’s wrong? What happened?” 
His eyes were bloodshot. “I’m sorry, Sasha. They’ve found us.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
When she came back to her senses, she grabbed her bags. 
“Why are you only telling me now? Didn’t you say that it’s safe here? How is it possible for him to find us when the signal has been blocked?” 
Sasha ran and cursed at the same time. 
Not daring to reply, Brandon could only trail behind her. 
As soon as both of them came out of the set, they saw a black Bentley with several off-road vehicles parked outside the entrance. 
At that point in time, it was as though she was walking into a lion’s den.
Damn! 
Sasha’s face turned pale in an instant. 
She staggered back in shock as she watched the man got out of the car. In the cold dark night, he looked tall and lean, and his long windbreaker blended into the night. There was a deadly aura about him. With every step towards her, his chiseled features appeared menacing. 
Sasha panicked even more. 
Her mind went blank. Her heart pounded in fear when she thought back to the conversations she had with the father and son in the hospital. She was trembling like a leaf as he came closer. 
Is he here to take me back? 
She was not going to fall into his hands. 
She was not going to let them lock her up. Otherwise, she was as good as the walking dead. 
Thud! 
With despair in her heart, she dropped the bags she was carrying. 
Sebastian strode towards her. 
Before he could open his mouth to speak, Sasha suddenly turned around and ran. 
“Sasha, where are you running off to? Stop right there!” 
Sebastian grew even more furious. He roared at her and was hot on her heels.
Despite being petite, she was quick on her feet. He chased after her for nearly five minutes but failed to capture her. 
She ran to the set and came to a halt. There was a huge canopy in front of her, and finally, she had nowhere to run to. 
“Where are you going to run now?” 
He sneered at her when he saw that there was nowhere else for her to run. He was panting after the mad chase. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
At that moment, her heart was filled with sorrow. She panted breathlessly as she looked at the man in front of her. Her pursed mouth softened in a bleak smile. 
“Why won’t you let me go? I gave birth to your children. What more do you want? Do you really want me dead?” 
It was Sebastian’s turn to be speechless. 
Is she crazy? I want her dead? 
Putting a lid on his temper, he walked over to her. Then, he reached out his hand to her and said, “Come here.” 
Sasha was silent. 
In that instant, she sank her teeth into his hand. Then she turned around and ran toward the crane that was parked behind the studio. 
Without any hesitation, he sprinted towards her. He caught hold of her and held her tightly in his arms.
Just then, a few crew members came out of the studio when they heard a commotion outside. They were shocked by the scene in the dark set. 
“What’s going on here? My God, why are there so many luxury cars parked at the entrance? Who are these people?” 
“That’s right. I’ve never seen anything like this before.” 
Everyone at the scene was shocked.
###Chapter 245
Chapter 245
Just then, a tall young man with a woman thrown over his shoulder walked out of the set. 
“Sebastian! Let go of me! Put me down, you scumbag!” 
She was struggling to free herself from his hold. She pounded her hands on his back and kicked her legs wildly in her attempt to get rid of him. 
However, her efforts were futile; he was simply too strong. 
Ignoring her angry cries, he carried her out with a stony look on his face. In an effortless move, he shoved her into the black Bentley. 
Everyone was stunned. 
Who is this woman? 
They had seen her accompany the hottest actor, Brandon Emmanuel in the morning, and by evening she was in the arms of a badass man. 
This man, from his grandiose convoy to his handsome face, was obviously no ordinary man. And he was no less than Brandon Emmanuel. 
Who in the world is this woman? 
Who is she to make these two men go crazy over her? 
But she was not much of a looker. 
The actresses on the set were losing their minds with jealousy. 
Now that Sebastian had shoved her into the car, still furious, he glared at her fiercely.
“Listen to me carefully, Sasha. If you still don’t tell me the truth, then I promise you won’t see the children ever again.” 
And he closed the door with a loud slam. 
As expected, Sasha stayed inside and sat still. 
She glared at him with reddened eyes, and tears of anger welled in her eyes. But at that moment, she sat there obediently and remained motionless. 
Finally, the large convoy left the set. 
An hour later, at Frontier Bay. 
When Sasha got out of the car, she was greeted by the sight of the dimly lit Royal Court One. There were only a few street lamps lighting the path in the huge garden. 
She took a step forward and was about to go in by herself. 
Right then, a large hand grabbed her back collar and pulled her back. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me. I’m not going to run.” 
“Haha.” 
He responded to her with a sneering laugh. 
Just like that, she was brought home by this scum like a pet that had gotten lost. 
“Mommy! Mommy is back!”
Who would have thought that the children, who should have been asleep, had stayed up and were waiting for them to return? 
When the light came on with a click on the switch, Sasha stood at the entrance and discovered her three children sitting quietly on the sofa. 
Oh my God! 
In that instant, she heard a childlike whimper, “Mommy, you’re finally back.” 
The cry belonged to Vivian. She let out a loud sob and ran to her mother with her short and chubby legs. 
Sasha’s heart ached at the sight of her. 
My precious daughter. 
Sasha knelt down and hugged her little darling daughter. “Yes, I’m back. Did Vivi behave today?” 
“I was a bad girl, Mommy. I wasn’t a good girl at all today. Mommy, please don’t leave Vivi. From now on, I will be a good girl, okay?” 
The little girl cried and claimed that she had misbehaved. 
In her mother’s embrace, hot tears raced down her cheeks. She clung on tightly to Sasha with her small arms, as though she was afraid her mother would disappear again. 
Sasha’s eyes reddened, and she became even more upset. 
She hugged the child so tightly to her chest. Right now, she wanted nothing more than to slap herself across the face.
What have I done? 
Matteo and Ian approached her, too. 
After seeing their mother holding their sister tightly in her arms, both boys had tears in their eyes as they cried out pitifully to her, “Mommy…” 
Sasha felt even more awful. 
What else could she say? 
The only thing she could do now was to hold her three children tightly in her arms. 
After about ten minutes, when mother and children had finally calmed down, Sebastian called for Wendy to bring the children to bed. 
“Go on, sweeties. Wendy will tuck you in.” 
“What about you? Will you come up too?” Vivian still wouldn’t let go of her. 
Holding back her tears, Sasha caressed her daughter’s head tenderly. 
“I will come up soon.” 
“Alright.” 
The little girl finally agreed. When she went upstairs with Wendy, she kept turning around to look at Sasha. 
After the three children were taken to bed, Sasha and Sebastian were left alone in the spacious living room.
Is it time to say it now? 
He has finally captured her and brought her back to see the children. Now would be the time to hear my sentence. 
Sasha’s heart was so cold, and she had a smile that was not quite there. 
“You’ve seen the children yourself. Are you happy to see them so miserable?”
###Chapter 246
Chapter 246
“What?” 
Sasha slowly lifted her head and wondered if she had heard him wrongly. 
Sebastian continued to mock her. “I said, what do you think of yourself now that you’ve seen the children? Haven’t you been boasting about you being a good mother? Are you proud of what you did today?” 
His words cut like a blade. 
Sasha’s face was ghastly white. 
She couldn’t answer his question. Indeed, she felt a sense of guilt towards her children. She felt even more sorry to them for the decision she had made. 
No! They forced me to do it. 
Sasha shut her eyes. For a moment, her skin was deathly pale. 
“Do I have a choice? At least I would still have the chance to see them after I run away. But if I were to fall into your hands, I would be as good as dead. I wouldn’t be able to see them if I’m dead, right?” 
Her words pierced through Sebastian’s heart like a sharp blade. He had no words as he sat there with a sting in his heart. 
So that was why she ran away. 
But why wouldn’t she believe me? Does she really think that I’m my father? 
The man grew frustrated.
All of a sudden, he recalled he had not done a single good deed for her ever since they got to know each other. As he thought of this, a ball of anger rose up in his heart. 
It’s no wonder she did not believe me at all. 
He had been horrible to her and had never treated her well. He would do the same if he were to be in her shoes. 
Sebastian stopped talking at once. 
“What’s the matter? Why did you stop talking? Am I right?” 
Sasha’s expression grew colder with his silence. 
Sebastian was so frustrated that his veins popped out of his forehead. 
Finally, he couldn’t take it anymore and said, “You must be crazy. What do you mean by falling into my hands? You’ve always been in my hands, isn’t that right?” 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
Has he lost his mind? 
The man seemed to have found a counterattack point. He got up from his seat and faced her. 
“I caught you when you were in Clear. Didn’t I let you see the children then? Even my own son, whom I’ve raised for five years, turned against me. What more do you want? Huh?” 
Sasha had no idea what he was talking about. 
However, she couldn’t deny that it was not the answer she had anticipated from him. And because of that, she breathed a sigh of relief inwardly.
“He’s my son too!” 
“That’s right, he’s your son. You can see him any time you want and take him wherever you want. But I’ve said this before, I won’t divorce you, Sasha. We can be co-parents and raise the children together. So why are you still having such delusional thoughts? Are you really crazy?” 
He really wanted to pry open her head to see what was inside. 
How silly can this be? 
Sasha was startled. 
As though something had struck her on her head, she froze in her seat and stared at the man with wide eyes. 
How could I forget? 
They were not going to proceed with a divorce, and just like what he had just said, they were going to raise the children together as a wholesome family. 
But why would he want to lock me up now? 
Am I missing something? 
Realization slowly dawned upon Sasha. 
Once her head was cleared, she felt a sudden burst of happiness in her heart. All the coldness, sadness, and despair deep within her dissipated. 
In just a few seconds, the light in her eyes returned.
Sebastian was silent. 
He finally breathed a sigh of relief inwardly after seeing her eyes lit up with renewed hope. 
However, he couldn’t be honest with her. Yet. 
The truth was that Frederick was bound to be involved again. By then, with her intelligence, she would find out the truth about being married into the Hayes. That would be a bigger blow to her. 
Sebastian rubbed his throbbing temples. “Is there anything else you want to say? If there’s nothing else, please go to bed.” 
Sasha took one look at the man and finally went to bed obediently. 
She is just like a cat. If I treat her kindly and coax her, she is docile. 
Sebastian had never noticed this side of her before. 
Xandra witnessed how Sasha was being brought home by Sebastian. 
At that moment, she was ecstatic because it meant that this woman wouldn’t be going to Moranta ever again. It would also mean that she won’t be able to find out about the psychologist’s puppeteer and the book. 
But shortly afterward, her spy at the villa in Frontier Bay reported that there wasn’t much of a stir in Royal Court One after the woman’s return. 
Instantly, she became upset again. 
That would mean that there was no conflict between those two.
What happened between them? Isn’t Sebastian afraid of Sasha spilling his secret? With Frederick’s involvement, is there really nothing I can do? 
She became riled up with jealousy and hatred again.
###Chapter 247
Chapter 247
“Aunt Kelly, our plan failed.” 
“We’re lucky that Matilda did not rat us out. I’m warning you, you better not mess up again, or I will kill you!” 
Kelly, who had been in trepidation for the past two days, grew angry when her niece mentioned it again. 
They were indeed in dire straits. 
When their plan had failed, they did not expect Sebastian to put an end to the Emmanuels. He even handed over his aunt to the police. 
Thanks to her quick thinking, Kelly had gotten someone to pacify Matilda and promised her the safety of the Emmanuels. Otherwise, she and her niece would not be where they were now if Matilda had confessed. 
Kelly was bogged down by it. 
Xandra stopped talking and repeatedly looked at the book in her hand. She stared at the word that was in the book—schizophrenia. 
Schizophrenia. Her guess was right. 
The man had a skeleton in the cupboard, so why should they still be suppressed by him? After all, the cards were in their hands now. 
She stroked the word with her red nails, and a satisfying smile spread across her face.
Sasha slept soundly that night, probably because she had a load off her mind. Besides, she had not fully recovered yet, considering she had just fled from the hospital. 
When she woke up the next day, it was a particularly bright day for her. 
“Ian, shall we wait for Mommy to have calzone together?” 
“Yes, it’s Christmas Eve today.” 
She could hear the soft voices of children whispering in the quiet room. 
Sasha sat up in bed and saw two children sitting on the mat near the window in her bedroom. 
One was a handsome and cool child, and the other was cute and innocent. 
It was Ian and Vivian. 
Sasha got out of bed and said, “Good morning, my dear children.” 
“You’re finally up, Mommy.” At the sound of her voice, Vivian quickly got up from the mat and dashed towards her. 
Sasha bent over and cuddled her daughter, and then she looked at her eldest son who was walking towards her. 
“I’m sorry, I overslept. Have you both eaten yet?” 
“Not yet. It’s Christmas Eve, so Ms. Dolivo made some calzone. But Grandpa and that bad woman are here. Do you want to go down, Mommy?” Vivian asked as she blinked her big eyes. 
Sasha was startled.
Grandpa and the bad woman? 
Who? 
“You don’t have to go down, Mommy. We’ll send the food up.” In a snap, Ian made the decision. His domineering and cold character was just like his father. 
She pulled her son into a tight embrace and caressed his head. 
Although Sasha was touched by Ian’s thoughtfulness, she felt she should go down to meet Frederick and the woman. They were probably here to see her anyway. 
She gave a small, self-deprecating smile as she thought back to yesterday’s chaos. 
Afterward, she sent her children out of her room and went to the bathroom to wash up. 
Ten minutes later, when she came out from the bathroom, she looked fresh. There wasn’t the slightest trace of sickly pallor on her face. 
“Mommy…” 
Vivian was still in the room. She was not familiar with the people downstairs. Since she wasn’t feeling courageous, she stayed in the room to wait for her mother. 
Upon seeing that, Sasha stepped forward and held her daughter’s little hand. 
Both mother and child made their way down the stairs. 
“Vivi, you’ve finally come down. The calzone is ready, come and have a bite.”
When they came down, they saw Xandra in an apron. Her chestnut-colored curly hair was casually clipped behind her head with a hairpin. 
At the sight of Sasha, Xandra immediately greeted her warmly. 
Sasha raised her eyebrows at her odd appearance, and she felt a little uncomfortable about it. 
What’s the matter? 
Is she playing another trick again? Is she playing the role of a virtuous lady of the house? 
With Vivian’s hand in hers, Sasha’s face was devoid of emotions as she walked past Xandra. “Wendy, are the children’s breakfast ready?” 
“Yes. Vivi’s milk, Mr. Ian’s cereal, and Mr. Matteo’s tarts are ready. They’ve been waiting for you to come down for breakfast.” 
From Wendy’s tone, it was obvious that she paid no heed to Xandra, who came here early in the morning to play hostess. 
Sasha took the children in with her. 
Not once did she look at the woman. 
In an instant, Xandra became infuriated, and she ground her teeth in anger. She wanted so badly to dump the calzone into the trash. 
However, she put on a big smile when she saw Frederick coming in with the two children from the gate. 
“Mr. Hayes, Sasha has come down. Let’s go have breakfast.” 
“Okay.”
The old man with the walking cane nodded and walked to the dining hall with the two children in tow. 
Sasha came in together with her daughter from the kitchen.
###Chapter 248
Chapter 248
“Ms. Wand, don’t take it to heart. Mr. Hayes didn’t know they were coming. Mr. Hayes Sr. said he wanted to have dinner with the kids since it’s Christmas Eve,” explained Wendy when she saw Sasha. 
Actually, why would I care? I’m not related to the two of them and I don’t own the place. They can come as they please. 
Sasha lowered her gaze nonchalantly. “Don’t worry. Go attend to them; I’ll take care of the kids.” 
Having that said, she served the children’s food from the kitchen and went to the garden. 
Looks like I’m not needed here. She acted like the lady of the house when she greeted me just now. Does she want me to see them as a loving family? 
Sasha sneered quietly. 
But when she was feeding the children, she heard someone coming from behind and she turned around to look. 
“Sasha, why don’t you eat inside instead? Are you still afraid that Dad would want you to return? Don’t worry; it won’t happen again. He only came here for a meal.” 
Xandra? Why isn’t she having her breakfast in the dining room? 
Sasha was suddenly agitated. 
“How did you know about that? What do you know?” 
“I don’t! But when you escaped from the hospital that night, I stayed in your room at Hayes Residence. The following day, someone told Dad you ran away, so he sent others looking for you. What happened? Did you do anything wrong?”
Xandra, you venomous viper! 
She obviously knows everything. Yet, at this moment, she still plays the good daughter-in-law in the dining room at the villa. 
“You… you’re staying at Hayes Residence?” A pale faced Sasha asked. 
“Yeah, don’t you know? Dad has completely accepted me. Didn’t you notice that I’ve been calling him ‘Dad’ now? Besides, we actually came today to bring the boys home because Sebastian will be back every Christmas. As for this place…” Xandra suddenly stopped talking and bent down toward Sasha. 
“You can stay here if you like. I’m merely being generous toward you and your daughter.” 
Sasha was livid. She dug her fingers deep into her palms and glared at the cruel woman furiously. 
So this is the primary purpose of her visit today, huh? Generous? Did she say she’s being generous for letting me and my daughter stay here? 
Her fingertips were soon covered in blood. 
“Nonsense! My daddy will not spend Christmas with you! He will spend it with Mommy and me. Go away, you bad woman!” Vivian screamed at that critical moment. 
The little girl glared furiously at Xandra and waved her chubby arms as if she was ready to chase away the evil woman who was bullying her mother. 
Instead of backing off, Xandra choked the little girl. “How dare you talk to me like that, you little bastard? Do you know that I’m already sparing you by letting you stay?” 
Smack! 
Suddenly, a slap landed on her face.
As she loosened her grip on the Vivian to cup her swollen cheek, someone took the child away. 
“How dare you behave like a shrewd at my place?” Sebastian roared, appearing out of nowhere. 
The fury in his eyes resembled a thundering storm, even when he was carrying his daughter in one hand. 
And the bloodstains on Sasha’s fingers only made things worse. 
“You have more guts than before now, eh, Xandra? How dare you step into my place without my permission and even harm a kid? Am I dead to you?” He glared at her murderously. 
Since it was inconvenient to fight with a child in his arm, he lifted his leg and sent her a flying kick instead. 
Xandra screamed in horror and hit the ground. She pressed her hand against her chest while recovering from her shock and pain. 
This is the man indeed. 
Tears streamed down her face as she stared at her beloved man; her heart in pieces. 
Why? 
Why do I love him so much? I have stayed by his side for the past five years. Yet he’s still treating me so ruthlessly. Am I nothing compared to the b*tch who got him into trouble that year? 
If not for her, he wouldn’t have to suffer in jail for so many years. What did that woman have to offer? 
Sasha was shocked, too. She didn’t expect him to be home so suddenly.
###Chapter 249
Chapter 249
She didn’t know he would be so harsh on Xandra. Is he out of his mind? This is his beloved woman! 
Sasha stood up with difficulty. “What… what have you done? Why did you k-kick her?” 
“Are you feeling sorry for her? Hmph! Are you a saint, Sasha? Will you be around after she kills you and Vivian? Can’t you tell right from wrong? Are you really that dumb?” The man started yelling at her. 
Consumed with anger, Sebastian blurted whatever came across his mind. How he wished his words could kill her. 
He was furious with Sasha for being magnanimous, but he wanted to tear Xandra apart for raising her hand at Vivian. 
His words struck Sasha like a bolt of lightning. 
She knew she wasn’t a saint, and she really wanted Xandra to pay for what she did to Vivian. 
However, to see Sebastian struck the woman with such cruelty was beyond words. 
Hearing the commotion, Frederick and the two boys came out to look. Suddenly, the old man’s expression changed drastically. 
“Sebastian, what happened? Is this your doing?” 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
He wanted to say something, but after noticing Sasha’s pale face and her clenched fists, he looked at the two boys standing at the side. 
“Ian and Matteo, bring Mommy and Vivi inside first.”
“Yes, Daddy.” 
The two children were pleased with their father today, so they immediately did as told. 
The next moment, Sasha and Vivian were brought into the villa. Still, Vivian turned to look at her father several times. 
Matteo asked, “What are you looking at?” 
Vivian beamed at him. “Daddy saved me just now! He’s so awesome!” 
Matteo’s eyes widened in shock. “Really?” 
Vivian smiled brightly and nodded. “Yeah! When that bad woman was choking me, Daddy came and carried me away. So I decided to love Daddy again.” 
Ian was speechless. 
Did she ever stop loving him? 
— 
Everyone left the garden except for the Frederick and Sebastian. 
“What are you doing here?” 
“Do I need your permission to come?” Frederick grumbled. 
The hostility in Sebastian’s eyes showed he wasn’t going to relent. 
“You can, but if you’re here to interfere with my life, don’t blame me when I stop letting you see my children. Think carefully.”
“You—” Frederick was so angry that he couldn’t speak. 
Since he had never beaten his son in an argument before, he took a deep breath and calmed himself. “I came here with the woman you love.” 
“The woman I love? You mean Xandra?” 
“Who else?” Frederick found his turning point and sounded more confident. 
Sebastian had insisted on marrying Xandra back then. However, he sneered derisively, to his father’s surprise. 
“She’s unworthy!” 
“What did you say? Unworthy?” Frederick looked at him in disbelief. “Why? You let her stay by your side for the past five years and you begged me to approve your marriage. So why is she unworthy now?” 
This bastard. He insisted on bringing Xandra back when Sasha was about to give birth. 
Actually, I’ve always wanted Sasha to be my daughter-in-law. She was pregnant with my grandchildren and she’s Rufus’ daughter. That made her the perfect addition to the Hayes. 
However, Sebastian claimed that he only loves Xandra and he would only marry her. What does he mean she’s unworthy? 
“Because I was blind!” Sebastian was suddenly annoyed to admit this embarrassing fact. 
Frederick’s eyes widened in shock. Blind? I’ve never heard him admit his own mistakes before. He’s a perfectionist who couldn’t bear criticisms. What happened to him?
“So you mean you won’t marry Xandra anymore?” 
“Have I not made myself clear?” 
“What about Sasha, then?” 
“What about her? I didn’t divorce her anyway!” Sebastian responded angrily. 
Then he looked at his watch. When he saw that it was almost time to return to work, he left the old man alone and went inside the villa. 
At that moment, Frederick was speechless.
###Chapter 250
Chapter 250
Sasha had been waiting idly in the bedroom upstairs. 
She stared blankly at her bloody palms for a long time while she tried to make out what had happened earlier. 
She definitely did not see it coming. 
He actually hit that woman for me… 
Sasha was overwhelmed with mixed feelings. Finally, she went to the bathroom to clean her wounds. 
“Daddy, here you are! Mommy’s hands are injured. Can you help her with this first aid kit?” 
“She didn’t bring it?” 
Sasha was shocked by the man’s voice outside. She immediately rinsed her hands and headed out. 
“Don’t worry, it’s nothing.” 
She stood at the entrance with her head bowed and her fists nervously tightened. 
Am I kidding myself? I won’t give him the satisfaction of mocking me for injuring myself just because that woman irritated me. 
Therefore, Sasha decided to ask the man to leave. 
However, after hearing his son’s words, Sebastian frowned. “Go with your brother and bring me the first aid kit” 
“Alrighty, Daddy!” Matteo was delighted with this task. After agreeing cheerily, he went upstairs to the study with Ian as instructed.
Sasha felt defeated. She wanted him to go, but he kept coming closer. 
“Why are you still standing here? Are you going in or not?” 
She relented and went into the room. 
The bright morning sun shone through the window and filled it with warmth and coziness. 
Nevertheless, Sasha felt tense. Why did he come up and even made his son get the medicine? Is he really going to treat my wounds? 
She suddenly had an idea. I’ll just tell him no! 
Unfortunately, the boys handed the kit obediently to their father, and he entered the room. 
“Stretch out your hand,” ordered Sebastian frostily. The man was in a bad mood, indeed. 
Wasn’t she mighty when she fought against me? Why did she back down when it was someone else? If I didn’t come back in time, I’m afraid those two women would fight to the death. 
Sebastian was still furious. When he saw Sasha staring at him blankly, his veins bulged up and he grabbed her hand. 
“Ouch!” Sasha finally reacted and moaned in pain. 
“Oh? So you do feel the pain,” the cold, handsome man jeered. “I thought your nerves are defective.” 
She glared at him. How rude. 
Despite his sarcasm, Sasha quickly realized it was just a facade. When Sebastian grabbed her hands and saw the damage, his eyes narrowed with concern. He treated her wounds with a gentleness that was foreign to her.
It startled Sasha. 
Her heart fluttered; it felt like a dream. 
She had never enjoyed any of his special treatments or imagined him being gentle to her. 
Is this my imagination? 
She was in a daze. 
“Still in shock?” He jeered. 
After treating her wounds, Sebastian lowered his gaze at the woman and saw her gaping at him like a fool. 
However, it was merely disdain. There were no more signs of hatred and impatience in him. Not even anger. 
He only peered at her dismissively, but that didn’t hide his tender gaze. 
Sasha finally came back to her senses and retracted her hands as if she was shocked by electricity. “N- Nothing. By the way, why did you come back so suddenly? Don’t you have a lot of work today?” She intentionally changed the topic. 
“Are you stupid? I came back just to save your butt. Sasha, aren’t you usually strong-willed and always fighting against me? So why did you back down just now?” 
She was dumbstruck. 
She was not usually a coward, but his words were too terrifying.
Who am I to have him save me? 
She gulped timidly and finally spoke after a long time. “Wh-What are you talking about? I wanted to fight back, but you came back at that time.” 
“Yeah, right.” Sebastian didn’t believe her nonsense. 
Seeing that she was fine now, he was ready to leave. 
“Since it’s Christmas Eve, make us something special tonight. I’m coming back to have dinner with the kids.” 
“A-Alright,” replied Sasha carefully. 
Finally, Sebastian left under her watchful eyes. 
This is too mortifying! Is he okay? He looks like a different person! Is he possessed by someone else? 
The next moment, she fell into bed while trying to calm her restless heart.
###Chapter 251
Chapter 251
After Sebastian had settled the fight, Royal Court One restored its peace. 
“Ms. Wand, let’s decorate the house since it’s Christmas Eve and we’ve got plenty of time on our hands. Look, here are the decorations from last year.” 
When Wendy saw that it was only them at home, she quickly took the decorations out. 
Before their mother could respond, the children rushed forward. 
“I’m taking these ornaments.” 
“Then I’m hanging these lovely stockings around the house.” 
Matteo immediately carried the stockings to hang on every door when he saw Vivian with the ornaments. 
Ian, who had never experienced any festivities at home, watched them blankly. 
“Little Ian, can you decorate the garden with these Christmas lights, please? Oh, I know you’re good at wrapping gifts! Can you wrap these up too, please?” 
Sasha handed some Christmas lights to her eldest son and encouraged him to accept this “difficult” task. 
The little kid’s eyes lit up. “Sure!” 
The next moment, he was seen running to the garden with the Christmas lights in his hands. 
Wendy sighed in relief at the sight of Ian being so excited. 
“It’s so wonderful to have you here, Ms. Wand.”
“Huh?” 
“Christmas has always been lifeless here, and you know how quiet Mr. Ian can get. But now it’s so much merrier with y’all’s presence,” Wendy looked around smiling. 
When Sasha followed her gaze, she found that even the bodyguard was helping the kids, and they were laughing around and having fun. 
It is much merrier indeed! 
Sasha smiled without saying anything. She took a bunch of flowers and started decorating, too. 
While they were busy with the decorations, someone came to look for Sasha. 
“Sasha, come out! Open the door! I need to talk to you.” It was Brandon. 
She immediately asked the security guard to let him in. 
Of course, if Sebastian were there, she wouldn’t dare to let him in because Brandon seemed to be very angry with this cousin of his. 
“What’s the matter?” 
“What do you think?” 
Brandon, who rushed over, glared furiously at Sasha, who was still casually trimming the flowers. 
“How would I know? I can’t read your mind.” 
F**k! What a vicious woman!
She was driving Brandon crazy. “Do you even care? I specially came to see you just because Sebastian took you away as if he wanted to finish you off!” 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Well, this is awkward. 
She had the same thoughts as Brandon at first, but it turned out differently, so she didn’t know how to respond. 
In the end, Sasha could only make some tea for him to calm him down. 
“Don’t worry, I’m fine. Go back to work in peace.” 
“Bullsh*t!” Brandon scolded again. “You heartless woman! Are you thinking of running away from your responsibilities after you’re fine? What about my family? You agreed to help!” 
Sasha was speechless after a good scolding. Well, I can’t even if I want to! That jerk Sebastian won’t let me leave! 
“It’s not like that. I just can’t be overseas right now.” She sounded guilty. 
“I already knew who it is without you telling me.” 
“Who?” 
“Kelly!” the man furiously spat out her name. 
Sasha was shocked after hearing this. Kelly? It was her? But how did he find out?
“My brother told me. He said Kelly suddenly came to look for my mom a few days before her birthday party, and they talked for a long time in the living room. After that, my mom told my brother to take care of Xandra on her birthday since she’s your ex-husband’s fiancée. She also told him to treat that woman like the future daughter-in-law of the Hayes and let her sit with Frederick,” explained Brandon as if he saw through her confusion. 
After hearing that, Sasha sat dumbstruck, as if being hit by a hard . 
It was actually Kelly? This is too unexpected. How dare she play this trick at the birthday party? 
Yet, it seemed impossible to her. 
Since I came back and ruined Sebastian and Xandra’s marriage, Kelly’s hatred toward me must be exceedingly great. It would be best if she could remove me from the equation. Besides, her tactic at the party was actually an intelligent move. If the psychologist successfully hypnotized me that day, Hayes Corporation’s secret would be exposed, and I would die a horrible death. 
But hold on! Why would Kelly know this secret?
###Chapter 252
Chapter 252
Sasha’s expression changed drastically. 
“Sasha, what’s wrong? Why do you look so upset?” 
She opened her mouth as if she wanted to speak. 
In the end, she only suppressed her unease and said, “It’s nothing. So what are your next plans? If she’s unwilling to confess, I don’t think the Emmanuel family’s name will be cleared.” 
Brandon quickly nodded. “That’s right. Therefore, I decided to find the evidence of her working together with the psychologist.” 
“But how?” 
“I checked and found that the Sanders will be holding a wedding tomorrow. I think Kelly will attend since she’s a good friend of Mrs. Sanders’. Then, I’ll find Kelly and steal her phone. The evidence won’t be hard to get,” explained Brandon. 
Well, it could be a plan. It’s a high-tech age now, and everyone is using a phone for communication, entertainment, socializing, etc. Besides, even E-commerce is becoming its primary function. 
Brandon is right. If he can get the woman’s phone, it won’t be hard to obtain the evidence. There’s still a chance to dig the truth out, no matter how deeply hidden it is. 
Sasha agreed with him, and she suddenly came up with an idea. If that’s the case, why don’t I go with him? But I’m not after the evidence, of course. I want to know if she was the woman who revealed the secret to the psychologist. This is the most dangerous thing. 
…
Meanwhile, Sebastian stayed at Reston Hotel owned by Hayes Corporation that afternoon. 
Since it was the end of the year, the company had to reward its employees before the break. 
“Mr. Hayes, there’s news from Bulgari Garden. Although Kelly was furious about us beating up Xandra and sending her back, she didn’t take further actions yet.” 
When Sebastian was sitting in the private room listening to the employees’ boasts, his assistant, Luke, came and whispered to him. 
No actions yet? 
The man was a little drunk after a few glasses of wine, and he raised his eyebrows after hearing it. “Then keep it up. Don’t just spy on her. Keep tabs on her communication devices, including her IP address. Remember not to overlook any detail!” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes!” Luke broke out in a cold sweat after receiving the orders. 
He actually didn’t quite understand why Sebastian had to do that, since they had already found out that Kelly and Matilda were behind the Emmanuel family’s incident. Why doesn’t he just arrest her instead? What is his purpose in spying on her? Is Kelly a bait? 
However, the more he thought about it, the more confused he got. He did it for Xandra’s aunt, Kelly. But isn’t Xandra his fiancée? Since when did they have such a bad relationship? 
Dismissing his thoughts, Luke immediately did as told. 
Meanwhile, at Bulgari Garden. 
Kelly and Xandra, who were staying at home, were more perplexed by Sebastian’s actions.
“Is he nuts? How can he beat you up like this? He can’t be this cruel just because you didn’t get his permission to be there! You’re his fiancée, after all!” 
Kelly was going crazy at the sight of her bruised and beaten-up niece, who couldn’t even get off the bed by herself. 
However, Xandra could only weep in bed, and she was too heartbroken to say anything. 
When Kelly saw her weeping, she was enraged again. “Why do you have to go to Royal Court One for no reason? Do you think you have the right to go as you please because you’re in Frederick’s good books?” 
“No!” Xandra finally wailed hoarsely. “It’s not because of that. It-It’s because of that b*tch! Sasha finally seduced him! I have to kill her! I have to!” 
Kelly scowled. Sasha again? 
Kelly could feel her head throbbing when she heard the name. This woman sure is a jinx! Since she came back, her every appearance before the two of us has always been bad news. 
Kelly became more irritated. “Kill her? You made so many arrangements last time but still failed, and you want to do it again?” 
“Why not? Let me tell you something: I’m killing her and destroying that man this time. I won’t let anyone possess what I can’t have!” Suddenly, Xandra’s twisted expression became hateful and murderous. 
Kelly was dumbstruck. “How are you going to defeat him? What are you up to?”
Xandra laughed wickedly. “I’ll spread the secret and ruin his reputation. He’s finished when he lost his foothold in Hayes Corporation!” 
Kelly thought it was an absurd plan. 
Upon hearing that, her expression changed. Glaring at her niece, who had utterly lost it, she scolded, “Are you nuts? We would lose everything if you ruined him!”
###Chapter 253
Chapter 253
“I have nothing to lose anyway. When Sebastian kicked me today, I finally understood that I would never be his wife. Why should I let him get away with this?” 
Kelly, who was standing beside the bed, was quiet for a very long time. So he was the one who kicked and injured her? 
Her gaze finally turned cold. Clenching her fists, her eyes filled with utmost hatred. “Alright. I agree with your plans. However, we’d better find a way out for ourselves before doing that.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“If you spread the news, Sebastian will definitely trace it back to us.” 
Only someone like Kelly could’ve thought of something like that at this juncture. 
Xandra then looked at her and waited for her to continue. 
“At first, it was the anonymous person who frequently sent you emails and articles that brought you to Sebastian. Find her now and ask her to help us out.” 
“Why should I do that?” 
“Don’t you understand? She made all those arrangements for you in the first place and helped you to this position step by step. Or do you really believe that she doesn’t need you? You’re way too naive!” 
Xandra didn’t expect Kelly would say anything like that, and she was dumbfounded. 
What did she mean? That person was actually using me? But I didn’t ask for anything else except money, and I would pay her a good amount whenever she sent me the articles. So why would Kelly say that?
Xandra was not as sharp as her aunt and was still more immature. She didn’t realize the truth behind those arrangements until now. 
“Everything comes with a price. In fact, you’re pretty valuable. When she started sending you those emails and turning you into Sebastian’s type, she was already launching her plan. I only kept quiet because it was a win-win situation.” 
At that, a shiver ran down Xandra’s spine, and she was at a loss for words. 
She stared blankly at her aunt for a long time and finally asked, “So… what’s her real purpose?” 
Kelly put on a dark expression. “Who knows? Maybe she wants to manipulate you after giving you what you want, then steal Hayes Corporation. Or maybe she wants to expose you and replace you!” 
Kelly’s words stabbed Xandra deeper and deeper. 
She became extremely fearful. 
No, this is impossible. Is she even capable of doing that? She’s merely someone who sent me the articles! This is clearly just my aunt’s guess. 
In disbelief, Xandra struggled to get up and got on her computer, trembling. 
When she turned on her computer to send an email to that anonymous user like before, she got a pop- up message. User Nonexistent! 
Nonexistent! 
The woman felt plunged into an abyss. 
She frantically tried resending the email like a madwoman. “Impossible! This isn’t happening!”
Despite her attempts, the results were the same. 
Seeing this, Kelly looked at Xandra sharply. “My guesses are confirmed. Alright, if that’s the case, let’s give it a try.” 
“What are you going to do?” 
“Spread the rumor, of course. Oh, remember to bring your articles and the book. By doing this, I believe Sebastian will notice this author very soon, and he will find out how the secret is exposed.” Kelly smirked wickedly. 
… 
Meanwhile, at Royal Court One, Frontier Bay. 
Sebastian got home before it was getting dark to a scrumptious dinner prepared by Sasha and Wendy. 
“Daddy, you’re back!” Matteo and Ian greeted their father happily. 
Vivian went forward too, but she suddenly stopped timidly because she wasn’t as close to him as the boys. 
After Sebastian had gotten off the car and gave his sons the gifts he bought, he turned around and took out a big, pink mermaid doll. 
Vivian’s beady eyes lit up at the gorgeous toy. 
“Take it; Daddy bought this for you. Doesn’t he love you too?” Touched, Sasha encouraged her daughter. 
The next moment, the little girl quickly ran over with her chubby legs.
###Chapter 254
Chapter 254
“Uncle Sebastian, you came back!” 
“Yes. Merry Christmas! This is for you. Do you like it?” 
Sebastian handed over the giant doll to the little girl. He didn’t realize that his tender gaze toward her was the same as how he looked at his sons. 
In the meantime, Sasha stood up by the entrance. 
When she saw the man entering with the three children, she hesitated but still thanked him. 
Sebastian raised his brows. “What for?” 
She pointed at the overjoyed, chubby little girl standing beside him. “For her. She’s thrilled that you brought her a gift and even saved her.” 
“Oh!” The man sneered disdainfully. “I’m just doing it on behalf of her dead father.” 
Sasha was at a loss for words while watching him bring the children inside. Isn’t it a bad omen to curse yourself to die on such a joyous occasion? Or should I tell him that he’s actually the dead father later tonight? 
Ten minutes later, the food was served. The kids were waiting obediently at the dinner table after their father had cleaned them up. 
“Sweeties, since today is Christmas Eve, let us celebrate our blessings together. Enjoy your dinner!” 
“Yes, Mommy!” The kids immediately started feasting on the food. 
When Sasha was about to serve her own plate, the mischievous Matteo suddenly gave his father a plate of steak. “Daddy, did you know that Mommy went to the supermarket to pick this out carefully this
afternoon? She even cooked it herself for you! Mommy loves Daddy so much.” 
“Yeah.” Ian nodded too. 
Sasha blushed at once and quickly denied it. “No, I made it for everyone!” Wow, this little brat is driving me crazy! Did he just say I love that man? 
She felt that she had to get out of there, especially when Sebastian was looking at her indifferently. 
“Matt, hand it over.” 
“What?” Sasha looked up abruptly and stared at him with her beady eyes wide open. Did I get it wrong? Does he actually want it? 
Sasha looked flabbergasted. 
When Matteo compliantly handed over the steak, the man started eating it slowly. 
He’s really possessed by someone else. 
Wendy, on the other hand, smiled knowingly and passed over his favorite black pepper sauce. It looks like we’ll be having a lady of the house soon. 
About an hour later, the kids were stuffed with food and went upstairs to play in the hanging garden. 
Sasha also stood up and started cleaning the table. 
At that moment, Wendy came over, took away the plates in Sasha’s hands and gave her a box of tea. “Ms. Wand, can you prepare some tea for Mr. Hayes, please? He must be working again since he got back so early.”
Sasha hesitated for a moment, but still took it upstairs. He did return earlier than usual, so I’ll just do it as an act of gratitude. 
Sure enough, when she got to the third floor, she saw the warm light coming from the study brightened the villa, adding some coziness to the villa. 
Knock! Knock! She knocked at the door with the box in hand. 
Sebastian, who was bending down to connect the computer cable in his study, looked up. “What are you doing up here? What’s the matter?” 
“Nothing. Wendy asked me to make you some tea.” Unable to find an excuse, Sasha could only tell the truth while holding the box. 
After shooting her a faint look, he tapped on the table to motion her to come in. Then he sat down and got busy again. 
Seeing this, Sasha didn’t dare to ask what he was working on and started making tea on the table. 
“Oh yeah, I have to go somewhere tomorrow. Aunt Sharon called today, and she wanted me to visit Uncle Jackson since it’s Christmas.” She suddenly remembered this. After seeing the man quietly working at his desk, she hesitated and carefully brought it up since she couldn’t go anywhere without his permission. 
Sure enough, the man who was staring at his computer screen scowled. 
“Tomorrow? What day is tomorrow?” 
“It-It’s Christmas! Isn’t it Christmas Eve today? I wanted to go today, but I promised to spend time with the children.”
Sasha lied to him about wanting to leave today to gain his approval. 
His expression turned grimmer than before. 
“Running away again?” 
“I-I’m not running away! So can I go tomorrow, please?” she pleaded softly once more. 
After hearing her voice fell into a whisper, Sebastian’s gaze finally moved away from Luke’s email and coldly swept toward her.
###Chapter 255
Chapter 255
“Tomorrow Karl will go with you.” 
“Huh?” 
“And be back by three o’clock.” 
Sebastian’s tone indicated that there was no room for negotiation. After dictating his terms, he turned his attention back to his computer. 
Sasha wasn’t sure if her intuition was right. 
She felt he was more distant all of a sudden. Even his gaze, that was kind and warm a moment before, had turned gloomy and disagreeable. 
“Alright, I’m leaving now.” 
She served the tea hurriedly and left as quickly as she can. 
Could something be wrong at the office? 
Fortunately, he made her a promise. Even if something went wrong, it wouldn’t have anything to do with her. 
Sasha returned to her bedroom and relayed the good news to Brandon over the phone. “He promised me I could go tomorrow, but I can’t go alone, and I have to be back before three.” 
Brandon stomped his feet in frustration. “Before three? The Sanders’ wedding starts at three! What the hell are you going for?” 
Him and his filthy mouth!
Sasha shrugged. “What choice do I have? It was hard enough getting him to agree to out. Do you think he will accommodate me more than that?” 
Brandon did not answer. 
We’ll figure something out when the time comes. 
It was possible for Kelly to arrive before the wedding began. She was a close family friend to the Sanders. 
At last, the two of them came to an agreement. 
The next day, as she was about to leave, Brandon called her with some disturbing news. 
“Sasha, did you see? There’s a rumor online claiming that Sebastian is mentally ill.” 
“W-What did y-you say?” Sasha stammered, almost dropping the comb in her hand. 
Mental illness? 
How is this possible? What happened? 
She was distressed. Throwing down her comb, she scrambled for her iPad in her bedside drawer. 
Brandon was still ranting on the phone. “Didn’t you do online? Apparently a book has been circulating online. People are speculating that the character is Sebastian because of their close resemblance.” 
Sasha turned pale. 
Ignoring Brandon, she launched her browsing app to see for herself.
He was right. The major search engines were trending with this new piece of gossip. They all seemed to be revolving around a novel. 
The Tattoo! 
Sasha’s hands shook with fear. 
Filled with trepidation, she scrolled downwards slowly, her worst fears manifesting themselves. Someone actually put two and two together to deduce Sebastian’s secret based on a fictional character. 
When Sasha was working on the novel, she had based her character on Sebastian. She even included obvious traits like the mole on the corner of his eye. 
His eyes were as beautiful as the stars amidst an ocean. The mole was like a shooting star, dashing across his cheek. It left behind a streak of memories. She was always worried that someone would make the connection, but she could not help herself. His features were mesmerizing. 
Sasha was a great writer in her prime. 
This sentence alone created a cult-like following in adoration of the male character. 
They even made comic book adaptions, and the character was cosplayed frequently. 
But today, Sebastian Hayes of Hayes Corporation had to endure an attack on his reputation. 
Smack. 
The iPad in Sasha’s hand fell to the floor.
She was shaking all over. A terrifying fear threatened to consume her. The next moment, she had trouble standing upright. 
“Sasha, what’s going on? Are you alright?” Brandon was concerned with her extended silence. 
This silly girl is in shock, isn’t she? 
These are harmless theories. What is she afraid of? 
Brandon quickly comforted Sasha. “Don’t worry, these are baseless accusations. Do you really think Sebastian is mentally ill?” 
Sasha said nothing. 
“I think some people are too bored,” Brandon continued. “You wait and see. When the Hayes catches wind of this, they will shut all of them down. Your ex-husband will bury them without mercy for daring to invent such rumors.” 
Brandon was completely unaware of the truth. 
But the fact was, the rate at which this piece of gossip was traveling was rather slow. 
It was started by a few insignificant accounts with a small following. Even if people were to take notice, it would only look like a marketing tactic. 
Sasha stood motionless for several moments. 
Suddenly, the weight of her guilt was too much for her. She bit her lip to refrain from crying out loud. 
It was a good thing she did not cry in front of Brandon. 
She got dressed immediately and left.
###Chapter 256
Chapter 256
“Ms. Wand, are you going to visit your Uncle Jackson? Mr. Hayes has instructed me to wait for you here.” 
As soon as she stepped foot out of Royal Court One, an extremely well-built young man greeted her. He introduced himself and opened the car door for her. 
Sasha could not be bothered. Nodding wordlessly, she got into the car. 
Though the rumor was not widely spread, she had to remain alert. 
It was definitely not a good omen. Nobody must know that the character was based on an actual person with a reputation to maintain. But this was how things were looking at the moment. 
What is going to happen? 
If this ruined Sebastian’s reputation, it would be disastrous. He would never forgive her. 
Throughout the journey, Sasha sat quietly as if she was encased in a layer of snow. 
“Sasha, you’re here? Where are the kids?” Her uncle greeted her as she exited the vehicle. He was surprised at her arrival. He thought something had happened between her and Sebastian. 
Sasha shook her head. Glancing at the bodyguard assigned to her by Sebastian, she led her uncle into the living room, out of sight. “Uncle Jackson, I’m going on a little trip.” 
“Trip? Where to?” 
Sasha lowered her eyes to avoid his gaze. “To look for Brandon. He said that the birthday party was not arranged by the Emmanuels. There is another person who he wants me to meet.” 
Sasha did not feel the need to lie to her uncle. He was well aware of the situation.
But then again, it is Brandon Emmanuel of all people! 
Jackson was not pleased. “His name is Emmanuel. Why do you still trust him?” 
“I believe he is not like his family,” Sasha replied stubbornly. She was confident in her evaluation of Brandon’s character. 
He was more decent that most of his family. 
Jackson could not persuade his niece otherwise, so he had no choice but to agree. 
The guard outside had no idea that his charge had slipped out the back door to attend the Sanders’ wedding. 
Unbeknownst to Sasha, Sebastian had eyes at the venue, too. 
“Hold on a second. If you go like that and Kelly recognizes you, we won’t be able to proceed with our plan.” Brandon said. 
Sasha did not foresee this problem becoming a reality. 
After considering the matter, she was forced to agree with him. 
“So what do we do now?” 
“Wait here, let me speak to my makeup artist.” said Brandon, as he dialed her number. 
The makeup artist did not turn Sasha into an attention-grabbing stunner again. This time, she was disguised as a woman in her forties. 
Sasha was speechless, hardly able to recognize herself.
Is this really necessary? 
Brandon laughed. “This is good, you’ll be much safer. You don’t know Kelly. She’s always jealous of all the women younger and more beautiful than her. If you look good, you will draw attention to yourself.” 
“Then what role am I playing today? Your mother?” Sasha was in disbelief. 
Brandon was flabbergasted. 
What is she talking about? 
She could have gone as his housemaid! 
Brandon and Sasha set off cheerfully. After ten minutes, the entrance to the Sanders villa came into view. Brandon, looking smart in his suit and leather shoes, handed his invitation to the receptionist, and the pair entered, looking dignified. 
In Avenport, the Sanders were not considered a very powerful family. Which was why the wedding wasn’t on a spectacular scale. 
The ceremony took place in the garden. As it was not spacious enough, the guests remained in the villa. 
“I’ll go in and have a look.” 
Brandon left Sasha outside and sneaked into the villa. 
She nodded and wandered towards the garden. 
“What are you still doing here? Don’t you have work to do?”
“Huh?” 
Sasha turned and found a maid in front of her, with a puzzled expression on her face. 
The maid got even angrier at Sasha’s confusion. She shoved the tray of champagne into the latter’s hands. “Goodness knows where they found lousy maids like you.” 
Maid? 
Even this maid treats me like a maid? 
Sasha didn’t know what to say. 
At this moment, she caught sight of a familiar figure in the midst of a group of chattering middle-aged women. Seizing the opportunity, she carried the tray over to them. 
“Let me introduce you. This here is my dear friend Mdm. Green, without whom this wedding would be impossible.” 
“Pleased to meet you, Mdm. Green.” 
At the praise the hostess had lavished onto Kelly, the other ladies began voicing their reverence.
###Chapter 257
Chapter 257
Kelly was awfully pleased. 
But on the surface, she maintained a facade of humility. “Oh, you flatter me,” she exclaimed. “I’m just here to show my support.” 
“Mdm. Green, you delightful creature.” The ladies were still praising her. 
Sasha toyed with the idea of spilling the champagne on her tray onto Kelly. And while she changed out of her soiled dress, Sasha would steal her phone. 
Before she could carry out her plan, the butler emerged from the villa. 
“Madam, Mr. Frederick says it’s almost time. I’m here to escort you to see the young lady.” 
“Very well, I will go now.” Mrs. Sanders went promptly. 
Without her, the ladies who remained were scarcely worth Kelly’s time. After excusing herself, she headed towards the second floor and disappeared behind a door. Sasha tailed her cautiously. 
“How did it go? Did she agree to lend you the money?” 
Sasha froze in surprise. It was the voice of Xandra. She is here too! 
“No, not yet,” Kelly replied. “There are many guests today; it’s not a good time. Perhaps later tonight.” 
She sounded impatient. Sasha heard the clink of glass as she poured herself tea. 
Xandra noticed her aunt’s temper. “Would she refuse to?” she asked nervously. “I’m telling you, I’ve posted the rumor online hours ago. If Sebastian finds out, he will not forgive us.” 
Her voice was shrill with panic.
Outside, Sasha’s mind went blank with shock as she heard Xandra’s confession. 
It’s really them! 
But why? How did they know about this? Who told them? 
That book, what did they have to do with it? 
Sasha’s brain swam with one question after another. She was furious, not daring to believe that her theory actually became a reality. Her heart sank again with the familiar sense of dread. 
What do these two b*tches want? 
If they hired the psychologist to hypnotize me, it means that they really wanted me dead. 
What about now? 
What are they planning to do now? 
Don’t they care about ruining a man’s reputation by exposing those details? 
Sasha felt trapped. She made up her mind. Even if she were to die, she would not allow these two to succeed. 
She left quickly before they had a chance to see her outside. 
Ten minutes later, Kelly reappeared downstairs in search of Mrs. Sanders. Sasha slipped back upstairs to Xandra’s room. 
She opened the door and entered.
“Who said you can come in? I already told you, I don’t need anything. Without my permission, no one is allowed in!” 
Xandra had a white veil over her face. At the sight of the middle-aged housemaid, she lost her temper. 
Hang on, this maid is unusual. 
Sasha did not utter a sound or showed any indication that she was upset. She locked the door and approached Xandra. 
“What do you want?” the latter asked, suddenly feeling uneasy. She stumbled backward as Sasha approached her with a thin and long needle. 
“Sasha, is that you?” Xandra cried in recognition. 
She turned even paler than her veil. 
Sasha looked at her without expression nonchalantly. Her gaze was as deep and calm as an old well. 
“How did you know about the secret?” 
“What secret?” 
“Was it because of that book? Who gave it to you?” Sasha asked. “You’d better tell me what I want to know. I won’t hesitate to finish you off with this.” She showed her needle. 
Her tone was even, betraying no sign of anger. 
There are people in the world who were more frightening than those with terrible tempers, like Sasha. Her murderous air was as light as a cloud on a sunny day.
She did not make threats; she promised consequences. 
It was a shame that Xandra did not know that before it was too late. 
She did not for a moment to believe that Sasha would be capable of such a thing. 
“Finish me off?” Xandra scoffed. “Are you intimidating me, Sasha? Fine, I’ll tell you. I found out about the secret from the book. But I’m not telling you who gave it to me. Are you going to finish me now?” 
Sasha’s smile was devoid of warmth and mirth. The next moment, her lust for murder became overpowering. As if by instinct, the needle flew out of her hand towards Xandra. 
The woman saw the glint for a split second under the light from the window. Before she had time to retreat, she sank to the floor in a dead faint.
###Chapter 258
Chapter 258
Xandra burst into a laugh. “Sasha Wand. Is this your trump card?” 
“Definitely not.” 
“What?” Xandra was taken aback, but it was already too late. 
The woman in front of her was already closing in on her at a rapid pace. 
Before Xandra could react, she felt a sharp pain in her chest and cried out in agony. She looked down and saw a knife stabbed into it. 
“You.” 
“I told you. I’m ending you if you misbehave. How is it? How does it feel?” 
Sasha let go of her hold on the knife. There was not the slightest change in her expression, even when faced with such a bloody sight. There was even blood splattered on her face from the stab, but she was still smiling. 
She’s a devil! She’s crazy! 
Xandra was in shock, backing away with her hands pressed on her chest. She was about to scream from the immense pain before Sasha picked the silver needle up from the floor. 
“You want to scream? That’s impossible. Have you forgotten who I was? I’m Nancy, the renowned TCM practitioner in Clear. You see, I can make you do anything with this needle here.” 
As soon as she finished, she slowly stuck the needle right onto Xandra’s neck. 
As soon as that happened, Xandra felt an excruciating pain erupting from her throat. After that, she could no longer make a sound.
She fell to the floor and groaned like a beast. 
“Ughh… “ 
She finally realized how horrifying Sasha was. 
Sasha looked like a hell-spawn to her, a demon that crawled up from below. Xandra was nothing close in comparison. 
“Don’t worry. I’m not going to let you die. As long as you tell me… oh wait, that won’t work. You can only write it out at this point. So, as long as you write it out for me, I’ll let you go. How does that sound?” Sasha was in a good mood. 
After that, she got a piece of paper and dropped it in front of Xandra. She then grabbed hold of one of Xandra’s fingers and stuck it into the blood, using it as ink. 
Sasha waited for Xandra to write something. 
She figured that it would look the most fitting of the situation. 
Xandra, on the other hand, was twitching profusely on the floor. She felt like she was being skinned alive. But despite the excruciating pain, Xandra was not actually bleeding out as Sasha made sure to avoid any of her vital arteries when she stabbed her. 
Hence, Xandra continued to suffer in the immense pain without blacking out. 
“One, two, three… “ Sasha started counting. 
“Ughh.” Xandra, who was wriggling on the floor, finally raised her hand covered in blood. 
Her finger moved across the piece of paper to the best of her abilities and wrote down one single line of words.
“I don’t know. It was sent to me anonymously.” 
“You don’t know? Do you take me for a fool?” Sasha’s gaze sharpened, instilling fear into Xandra’s very bone. 
“No, I’m searching too, but she’s gone. I couldn’t find her.” Xandra scribbled down a reply as quickly as possible. 
She was finally spilling under the tremendous agony. 
With that, Sasha fell into a deep thought. 
So, she’s not even the mastermind behind everything. Who could it be, then? Who was the one who exposed the secret? Who was it that knew about the secrets of my book? And who gave it to her? 
A sense of urgency crept up on Sasha once again. 
It was like everything she did was for naught at that point, and things were once again spiraling out of control. In that brief moment in time, Sasha was at a loss. 
And it was within that brief moment, Xandra was able to push through the pain and stood back up. 
She immediately dived towards the door and burst through, doing all she could to grab people’s attention as she tried shouting. 
“Oh, Lord! What happened? Everyone, look! Why is that woman covered in blood?” 
“There’s a knife on her!” 
“Murder!”
Screams erupted throughout the villa. In an instant, the whole building was in chaos. 
Before that, Brandon was actually looking for Sasha. 
After they split up, Brandon went to the living room and quickly found out where Kelly was. 
However, when he went back for Sasha, she was gone. He searched for her everywhere, right until the sudden appearance of the woman with a knife in her chest, covered in blood. 
“Sasha-” 
Brandon’s mind went blank, and he sprinted straight towards the stairs. 
Nonetheless, Kelly had already come down. When she saw what happened to her niece, she took no time and shouted, “There’s a murderer! Grab her!” 
As soon as she gave out the order, two henchmen that were close by immediately rushed over. And when Sasha came out, one of them kicked her right on the chest. 
“Oof.” 
“Sasha!” Brandon roared as he saw what went on and pried through the crowd, rushing over.
###Chapter 259
Chapter 259
Brandon lunged at the henchman and swung a punch right into his face. 
After that, he hurried into the room and rushed towards Sasha, who got kicked to the floor. “Sasha, you okay? Are you hurt?” 
However, Sasha could hardly say anything. 
She was curled up on the floor and had her arms around her chest. Beads of sweat were rolling down her pale face. 
“I… I’m fine. Go get them. Don’t let them… get away.” 
Even in pain, the only thing on her mind was not letting the two women escape. 
Brandon immediately turned around and stared at Kelly. 
He noticed that Kelly did not seem worried at first, but when she saw him, her pupils constricted, and she shouted instantly, “She has an accomplice! Quick! Catch him too! Don’t let him escape!” 
Kelly recognized Brandon, so out of panic, she wanted to use the crowd there to slow Brandon and Sasha down so she could escape with her niece. 
She was smart, so there was no way she could not figure out why the two were there. 
With that, Brandon was soon surrounded by men, with Sasha in his arms. There was no way out. 
“Leave… me. Go get them, Quick!” 
Sasha kept pushing Brandon away, enraged. 
So, Brandon eventually stood up and got ready to break through to chase after them.
Nonetheless, things were not as simple as he thought. 
The people around him were all influenced by Kelly. On top of that, with Xandra covered in blood, it was going to be hard for him to protect himself, let alone escape. 
“Ah!” 
All of a sudden, someone smashed a chair onto Sasha out of nowhere. 
Brandon heard the cry and turned around to find the woman behind him collapsed once again after just sitting back up. She was not moving. 
“I’m going to kill you guys!” 
Brandon went haywire. 
He gave up on the notion of chasing after the two, clenched his fists, and threw himself into the crowd. 
Total chaos ensued. 
As soon as that happened, Kelly’s lips curled into a smirk as she quickly dragged her niece out through the front door. 
She had no more time to raise money. She needed to leave the town immediately as things were going to get problematic for her and Xandra. 
That said, she would have never expected that the moment she stepped outside, there would be a bunch of black cars arriving. They were like beasts finally pouncing on their prey. 
“Huh?” 
Xandra, who was at her last leg, was shocked by the scene and almost blacked out then and there.
Kelly’s expression also darkened. 
Especially when she saw the cars stop right in front of them and a young man came out. He had the presence of an emperor, sending shivers down Kelly’s spine. 
“S-Sebastian?” 
“Seize them!” 
The look in Sebastian’s eye grew cold. It was like he just climbed his way out of the hell, terrifying, to say the least. 
He had a straight face, but the chills in his gaze emanated his frightening intent to kill. And after he gave out the order, he strode inside. 
At the same time, Kelly blacked out and collapsed. 
She was smart enough to know that if Sebastian was there at a time like that, he was definitely on to her from the very beginning. 
So when she was reveling in the satisfaction of being able to toy around with the most prominent person in the industry, she was actually right in the palm of his hand. 
Naturally, Kelly knew what was going to happen to her and that the tide had changed. 
Meanwhile, inside the Sanders’ residence, the fight on the second floor was still going on. 
A lot more men came pouring in because of Kelly’s slander and Brandon’s savage counterattack. 
They were all trying to capture the so-called murderers.
“Beat him! Beat him to death! As long as he’s alive, the police won’t say anything about it.” 
One of the men rallied more men to attack Sasha and Brandon. 
So, they were trapped inside the room, getting beaten up. If it were not for Brandon shielding Sasha, she might have actually been beaten to death. 
Bang! 
There was a sudden gunshot in the living room while the men were conducting their heroic deed. 
At that moment, no one realized it, but the guy that was rallying everyone got a bullet straight through his skull and collapsed. 
“Ah!” 
With that, everyone stopped what they were doing and started screaming with their hands over their heads. 
Especially the women. 
However, as soon as they started screaming, another two bangs sounded. This time, the gigantic chandelier was shot down, and the place turned dark.
###Chapter 260
Chapter 260
Boom! 
The chandelier shattered onto the floor and silenced everyone in the villa. 
The floor was covered in a bed of crystal shards, and among the crystalline sparkles, they saw a man standing there in a black coat. 
He had a handsome face with exquisite features and an outstanding air of elegance around him. 
That said, he was emitting an intense amount of killing intent, enough to make everyone there peed in their pants. 
All because the gun was in his hand. 
“If I hear anything from any one of you. This man dies next!” Sebastian pointed the gun towards the second floor. 
His eyes red with blood lust as it gave everyone there goosebumps. 
Hearing that, everyone upstairs immediately covered their mouths with their hands. 
At that moment, Brandon heard Sebastian’s voice and quickly crawled out with his beat-up face. “Sebastian! It’s about time! Get up here!” 
He was crying, even though he was more than twenty years old. 
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed when he saw that. He had a dark expression on him as he hurried upstairs with the gun. 
As expected, the situation was worse than he had imagined.
The room was in disarray. Chairs and vases smashed, shards of glass littered everywhere with blood all over the floor. It was so horrifying that even his pupils constricted, his eyes more crimson than it was a moment ago. 
On the other hand, Sasha, though barely, just picked herself up from the floor. But when she saw those eyes, she actually backed away. 
She was supposed to be happy. 
Sebastian appearing before her at that particular moment was a godsend, and Sasha should be happy about it. 
But she was not. 
She was shocked, panicked, and fearful. Those feelings were so strong that they were able to overwhelm the pain all over the body. 
Why is he here now? Did he know about it? 
A sense of dread started creeping up on her. Sasha felt as though she was caught in a whirlpool. Her head was going numb and she started shivering, forgetting all about the pain. 
“Why are you here?” Sebastian spoke. 
The words came out between his gritting teeth as he clenched his fist so tight that it made crackling sounds. 
Sasha shuddered. 
At that very second, it felt like she got dropped into the depths of hell. She was struggling to breathe as there was no hope left.
I’m here for one thing, and one thing only. Did he know about it from the start? Did he set this whole thing up so he could fish those two out of the water? And I’m just the icing on the cake? 
There was nothing more she could do. 
“Y-You know why I’m here, don’t you?” 
“What did you just say?” Sebastian narrowed his angry gaze. He did not expect her to behave that way. 
“You’re being awfully confident here.” 
“I’m not. I-I’m just admitting it to you so that it’s less of a hassle.” 
Sasha was upset and felt the pressure rushing to her head. She needed to keep it in and calm down. 
Sebastian was infuriated. “So? You want me to kill you now? Are you proud of it?” 
Sasha’s face went pale after hearing that. 
Why would I be proud of this? 
Sasha wanted to kill herself then and there. 
Back then, because of her naivety, he was locked up for six years, suffered for six years. After all those years, she made the same mistake yet again. This time, if things went beyond repair, she would be doomed. 
She could never feel proud of that. 
Even if Sebastian really did slay her right there, Sasha would have no complaints.
“No. I feel sorry for you, Sebastian.” Sasha looked at the man in a calm manner. “I owe you too much. So no matter what you want to do to me, I deserve it.” 
Sebastian went quiet. 
“I-I only have one simple request. Please take good care of the kids if I’m gone.” 
Sasha could no longer bear with the stench of the blood and started coughing. 
Her eyes were red and watery, looking like she was being choked. She was in so much pain that she had to bend down. Not long after, blood started flowing out from her mouth. 
Sebastian’s expression immediately changed. 
However, before he could do anything, Brandon came rushing inside. “What are you doing, Sebastian? Are you out of your mind? Why are you chastising her the moment you saw her?” 
He went and supported Sasha up. 
That said, in a swift motion, Sebastian scooped Sasha away and held her tightly in his arms. 
“You listen here. If you ever drag her out like this again, I will cut you down!” Sebastian left one last warning as he left, still gritting his teeth. 
A warning mainly targeted at Brandon than Sasha. 
Thus, when he and the lot left with Sasha, who had blacked out. The Sanders residence was in shambles. Brandon was the only one left, with a severely injured face. 
Cut me down? Try me! You’re just an ex-husband! What right do you have to act tough in front of me?
###Chapter 261
Chapter 261
Sebastian was actually really surprised that he would catch Sasha with the bait he laid out for Kelly. 
He had thought that Kelly and Xandra were plotting something big behind the scenes to go against the Hayes Corporation. But instead, his trap only netted him a dummy. 
“Mr. Hayes, Kelly Green spilled everything. The books and the letters from Xandra were all from an anonymous sender. These are the documents from back then. Please take a look.” 
Luke saw that Sebastian finally had some time, so he quickly handed the USB drive he got from questioning Kelly, along with some books. 
Sebastian took a glimpse and picked one up. 
“The Tattoo?” 
“Yes. You actually helped contact some publishers for Xandra to publish this book. Sadly, it’s not her original work.” 
Luke recalled what happened that year and could not help himself from feeling disgusted. 
He could not imagine what was going on in Xandra’s mind when she did all that. It was clearly someone else’s work, but she acted like it was hers. There was not a hint of guilt in her. 
She enjoyed all the benefits that came with the publication of that book like she deserved it. She even prided herself for it. 
Sebastian’s face turned cold as he took the book and flipped through it, finding his shadow in it with ease.
That was the first time Moon saw Ricky. The ten-year-old was running around in the yard with his teacher chasing after him. He was unwilling to do his schoolwork and covered in sweat. That said, he had exquisite features and a rebellious smile as beautiful as the morning sun. 
That was a paragraph from the book that described the main male character. 
And Sebastian remembered it like it was yesterday. It was the same scenario where he first met Sasha. 
Back then, she said he was handsome. But he only thought of her as a dumb girl that annoyed everyone. 
Sebastian continued reading. Sasha was young, but she had talent. Her words painted a clear picture of the story she wanted to tell, but there was a sense of sorrow between every line. 
Especially when the female main character found out about the boy’s secret. 
Moon got home, and her mother asked about how she did in the test. Moon did not reply. She did not want to dampen her parents’ expectations. Her test results indicated she was well suited for studying finance, but she did not want to walk that path. Moon wanted to become a doctor, especially one that specialized in psychology. 
Sebastian suddenly stopped reading. 
He felt uncomfortable. It was like something was clogging up inside his chest. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you okay?” 
“I’m okay. Are there anything else?” Sebastian tried to hide it and took a sip of his coffee. 
So, Luke took out some more documents.
“Even though Kelly fessed up, there was zero information about the anonymous sender. They tried to contact her, but the email address has been deactivated.” 
“Deactivated?” Sebastian sneered. 
“So, it was all planned out. Get some hackers to look into it.” 
Luke nodded. “Already on it. But Mr. Hayes, these books, did Madam write all of them?” 
Luke could not stop himself from asking. 
It was too much for him to handle. The notion of the president’s fiancée of five years being a fraud and that his ex-wife was the real author almost blew his mind away. 
Luke was rather excited. He decided that, when Sasha woke up, he would try and get her signature. He heard that the author of those books was regarded very highly in the literature circle. 
“Do you have a lot of time on your hand? I don’t mind paying you triple for the overtime.” 
“Huh? Oh! Oh no! I have tons of work. My mother is still waiting for me to clean up the house. I’ll take my leave, Mr. Hayes” Luke immediately turned around and left. 
He passed the kids downstairs as he left in a hurry. 
The kids all looked at each other, confused at what was going on. 
“Did Daddy scold Uncle Scott again?” Vivian asked. 
“I think so,” said Matteo. “He’s a little stupid. Why would he come here when he knows Daddy just brought Mommy back.”
“True!” Ian, who usually did not talk, also agreed with his brother’s opinion. 
After that, the kids wanted to give their parents some alone time, so they called the Hayes residence. 
“Grandpa, it’s me, Matt. Did you miss us?” 
“What do you think, you little brat?” 
Frederick was excited as he rarely got phone calls from his grandchildren. 
Hearing that, Matteo looked at his brother and sister and smiled. “Come pick us up then. We’ve decided to stay at your place for a night.” 
“Really?” Frederick was ecstatic, standing up straight away. “Alright, I’ll send someone over to pick the three of you up.” 
With that, he ended the call and immediately arranged for a driver. 
Frederick had always treated his kin exceptionally well, whether they were his son, Sebastian, or his grandchildren, he treasured them all the same.
###Chapter 262
Chapter 262
Sasha had an elaborate dream. 
In it, she was back in her teens, her family was prominent, and her parents were still alive. She was treated like a princess every day, living her life happily. 
Then, one day, her mother brought her cousin over. “Sasha, your uncle has fallen ill, so your cousin, Xenia, is staying with us. Take good care of her, okay?” 
“Okay.” 
Sasha took the cousin who was two years older by the hand, delighted to have her there. 
After that, Xenia settled in and did everything with Sasha. She heard that the school Sasha went to was great. So Sasha’s father enrolled her when she made her intentions clear on attending the same school. 
From then onward, the two were inseparable. 
“Sasha, what are you doing? Why aren’t you doing your homework?” 
“I’m writing a letter. He’s overseas. I want to send him a letter every day.” Sasha was treating it very seriously, so Xenia went ahead and sat beside her. 
She picked up the letter that Sasha wrote and flipped through. “He’s been gone for so long and you’ve sent him so many. Has he ever written a reply?” 
Sasha’s expression instantly dulled. “No.” 
She knew it was not going to happen because she never actually sent those letters out.
But that day, Xenia told her, “This won’t do. Aren’t you upset that you’ve written all these, but he never responded? Right, let me do help you send them out after this.” 
“Huh? You? Help me send my letters?” 
“Yes. I’ll help you mail your letters. And I’ll make sure that he responds, I promise.” Xenia was confident in her words. 
Sasha did not say much after that and let Xenia take the letters away. 
She figured that she was not brave enough to do it, and Xenia’s intervention gave her an excuse to send the letters to him. 
Moreover, there was a smidgen of hope that she might actually get a reply from him. 
That said, after Xenia took the letters, things remained the same. Every time Xenia went back, she would tell Sasha that there was no reply but also encourage her to continue writing, saying that her perseverance would definitely be rewarded one day. 
Sasha would always put up a faint smile as a response, saying nothing afterward. 
Further down the road, Sasha would cut down on the letter-writing as she found interest in writing stories. She started pouring all her heart and soul into it, writing down all the secrets she had. 
“Sasha, why are you so good at everything? Can I see what you wrote?” Xenia was feeling envious of her cousin. 
“Sure.” 
Sasha was an innocent girl at the time. She never second-guessed Xenia as she was family to her.
When she heard Xenia asking about it, she immediately made a copy of everything she wrote and gave it to her. 
Until the time she got into high school and the Wand family’s company was facing a huge crisis. 
“Why do we from the Blackwood family have to help the Wand family with their debt? Mum, Dad, are you stupid? What have they ever given you?” 
“Xenia, what are you saying? They are your aunt and uncle! They took care of you for so many years!” 
“Ha! My blood gets boiling whenever I think about it! They told you that they would treat me like their own daughter. But it turns out, whatever Sasha had, I could never get. I even had to beg to go to school!” 
Her parents were speechless. 
After the day of the family crisis, Sasha’s father was jailed, and her mother fell ill. When she went to look for her uncle, she overheard everything Xenia said. 
Did we mistreat her in any way? 
Sasha was distraught when she got back home. 
She was caught off guard by the selfishness and audacity Xenia had, to be able to lie like that. 
So all the kindness we showed her was all for naught? 
In the end, Sasha could not help the Wand family survive, so they went into bankruptcy. Her mother passed away from the shock, and her father was sentenced to jail for more than ten years, leaving Sasha orphaned.
Thankfully, Jackson still had a heart, so he took her in. 
From then on, Sasha and Xenia swapped positions. 
Sasha became the person that had to live under someone else’s roof and Xenia was the princess of the house. 
And then she woke up. 
When she opened her eyes, the lights above her head were blurry as her eyes were watery. She blinked, and the tears she had from the dream finally slipped down. 
“Mr. Hayes, is Ms. Wand still not awake? Do we need to call Dr. Rocke over again?” 
“What time is it?” 
“It’s eleven, Sir. Ms. Wand has been asleep for almost a day now. I think it’s best we let Dr. Rocke come and check on her again. What if it’s something serious?” 
It was Wendy talking. She was anxious as it was getting really late.
###Chapter 263
Chapter 263
Wendy? Am I in Royal Court One? 
Sasha slowly came to her senses, and she started surveying her surroundings while still lying on the bed. 
The room she was in was decorated with a cool atmosphere in mind. The walls were in shades of grey and were coupled with a white-tiled floor. The wardrobe was made of glass-like materials. It was not fully see-through, but she could still see the clothes arranged in it in an orderly manner, making it more elegant. 
This bed room. It’s… 
Her eyes suddenly widened. 
“You’re awake?” 
Sebastian came in and noticed her after getting Wendy to give the doctor a call. 
Sasha immediately froze up. in place. 
She thought that she was still in a dream as she recalled having a fall out with him, that he caught her red handed and she admitted to everything before she blacked out. 
What’s going on? 
Sasha looked at the man in front of her, stunned. 
But when Sebastian saw that she had woken up, he went straight to the side of the bed and checked on her temperature by placing his palm on her forehead. 
Sasha did not know what to say.
“Your temperature is normal. Don’t worry, you’ll be fine.” He retracted his hand and looked at Sasha. She was staring at him, looking very dumbfounded of the situation. 
Naturally, Sebastian was not going to tell her that he was there the entire time. 
When he brought her back, she was covered in injuries, and her clothes were tattered. So, he got Roxanne to check on her, making sure that her life was not in danger before cleaning her up himself. 
It was the first time Sebastian did something like this for anyone but his kin. 
Sebastian poured Sasha a glass of warm water and placed it on the bedside table. 
Sasha was still quiet. 
She looked towards the cup of water and looked back at Sebastian before finally supporting herself to sit up. 
However, as soon as she moved, she felt a sharp pain coming from her belly. “Ah!” She cried out and fell back. 
At that instance, Sebastian’s expression changed. He quickly bent down and helped Sasha up. Cold sweat was breaking out all over her face because of the pain. 
“Does it hurt?” 
“Yea.” Sasha admitted, as tears welled up. 
She thought that he was going to show some sympathy for her. 
But instead, as soon as she answered, he started ridiculing her, even though he helped her up and placed a pillow behind her.
“Maybe you should go all the way next time. That way you won’t hurt as much.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha a puzzled for a brief moment. 
It only dawned on her when Sebastian put up a smug grin and held the glass of water up to her lips. 
This scum’s mouth is as nasty as always. Is he cursing for my death? Is he telling me I should just die? 
Sasha accepted her fate and kept quiet. She leaned over and took a few sips of water before eventually braving herself to look at Sebastian. 
“Why did you bring me back?” 
“What? Have you gotten used to running around with another guy that you don’t even want to come home?” Sebastian was not having it. 
“No,” Sasha quickly refuted. “That’s not what I meant. I just didn’t think that I would ever come back here.” 
Truth be told, Sasha already assumed she was dead when they were at the Sanders’. Sebastian hated her so much, and now he found out that she was the cause of his misery. There was no reason for him to spare her. 
Sasha’s face turned pale. 
Sebastian realized what she was talking about and gave her a cold grin. “I did it for the sake of the children!” 
Sasha was quiet.
“You listen to me carefully, Sasha Wand. If you ever misbehave and run off again, I’m going to kill you!” 
He was extremely serious. 
His expression was cold as ice. Under the lighting in the room, it actually felt like there was a layer of frost on his face. It was clear that he was not messing around when he said that. 
Sasha gulped. 
The Sebastian at that moment looked extremely scary. 
But he only said I couldn’t sneak off secretly, right? He didn’t say anything else? Does he not care about the books? About Kelly and Xandra? 
Sasha looked at him, puzzled. 
Nevertheless, after Sebastian finished, he took the glass away and headed to the sofa. 
After that, he placed the cup down and proceeded to take out a bathrobe from the wardrobe before going into the bathroom. 
Sasha was quiet throughout. 
She was dumbfounded once again. She even started wondering whether she was still dreaming. If not, the scene in front of her just did not make sense to her. 
Sasha sat idly on the bed for a long time. 
After around twenty minutes, there were noises coming from downstairs. It sounded like someone was visiting. 
“Mr. Hayes, Dr. Rocke is here.” Wendy brought Roxanne over. “Huh? Ms. Wand, you’re awake?”
She proceeded to bring Roxanne inside after she saw that Sasha was already awake. 
Hence, Sasha turned towards the door and saw the young doctor. She looked exceptionally elegant, rocking a head of wavy hair.
###Chapter 264
Chapter 264
“Isn’t she awake?” Roxanne asked as soon as she saw Sasha sitting on the bed. She scanned the room and swiftly carried her medical kit inside towards the bed. 
This doctor’s a little carefree it seems. 
Sasha did not say anything, but she felt a little strange. 
“Pull up your clothes!” 
“What?” 
“I need to check, of course. I got summoned in the middle of the night. You think I’m here to fool around?” Roxanne explained bluntly, feeling a little impatient. 
“Dr. Rocke, Ms. Wand is… “ Wendy came from behind the doctor and wanted to explain. 
“No need.” Sasha stopped her. “I’m a doctor too. I know what condition I’m in.” She did not want Wendy to help her explain anything. 
Then, she looked towards the doctor with a straight face. 
To her surprise, Roxanne was not fazed at all. 
“I know you’re a doctor, but you are my patient now. If anything happened to you, it’s my responsibility.” 
As soon as she finished, Roxanne pressed her hand on the spot where Sasha got kicked. 
“Agh.” 
Sasha immediately felt a sharp pain coursing through her body and bent her body down. He face paled.
“Dr. Rocke, you… “ 
“What are you doing, Roxanne!” 
Wendy could not stand and watch and wanted to stop the doctor, but the bathroom door opened up, and Sebastian walked out and shouted at her. Water was still dripping from his hair as he came out with only a white towel around his waist. 
With that, the doctor took her hand off. 
“Ms. Wand, are you okay?” Wendy hurried over to check on Sasha. 
Sasha kept quiet. 
Within a few seconds, the sweat soaked her entire shirt, and her skin was translucent. 
“Don’t worry. I was just checking on how her injury was. Now, I can be sure that there’s no internal bleeding,” Roxanne explained. 
She still acted very nonchalantly as her gaze shifted from Sasha to Sebastian. 
When she saw that he came out with only a towel, her eyes were glued to his naked and muscular upper body, shining from the little wetness after his bath. 
Sebastian noticed that and felt disgusted. 
Bang! 
He immediately went back into the bathroom and slammed the door. After a brief moment, he came out in a bathrobe instead. 
Sasha just came back to her sense and got puzzled by what happened.
What’s going on here? 
“Anything else?” Sebastian took a glance at Sasha and asked the doctor coldly, his face emotionless as always. 
“Nothing else. I told you. She’s going to be fine.” Roxanne shrugged. 
“You can leave then.” 
Roxanne went speechless. 
That bombshell caught her off guard and her eyes widened. Not only that, Sasha was astonished as well. 
What’s going on with this guy? How can he be so rude? Even if the doctor’s a little mean herself, you can’t just send her off like this after calling her over this late at night! 
“Sebastian. It’s okay. She… “ Sasha felt like he had gone overboard. 
“Mr. Hayes, is this necessary? I just took a look at you, and you’re chasing me out? I’ve seen you like that more than a few times, you know? Why are you being so petty today? Aren’t you afraid that I’ll stop coming over?” 
To Sasha’s surprise, when she wanted to help Roxanne out, Roxanne actually said something like that right in front of her. Her expression was flirtatious, to say the least. 
Sasha froze after that. 
The amount of familiarity they had was uncanny. Not even she could reach the level she was at. 
Who is this doctor?
Sasha expression was starting to change. 
“You better be gone within the next three seconds. If not, I’m going to throw you out,” Sebastian gave her a final warning in a cold tone. 
Roxanne went quiet. 
She looked at the merciless man in front of her, and finally picked up her medical kit when she had two seconds left. 
“Alright. I’m leaving. Sorry for bothering you. But mind you, Sebastian. She’s still a ticking time bomb. You better think about it carefully. I don’t want to waste another eight years teaching you about it.” 
Roxanne finished her remark and left. 
Sasha was stunned yet again by Roxanne’s remark. 
For a long time, her gaze lingered at the door with no one there while her mind was in chaos, unable to calm down. 
Who the he*l is she! 
After Roxanne left, Wendy followed suit, leaving the bedroom in a quiet state. 
Sebastian went and closed the door before turning back into the bathroom. After a while, Sasha could hear the sound of the hairdryer from the outside, so she assumed he was drying his hair.
###Chapter 265
Chapter 265
Sasha did not know what to feel about that comment. 
She recalled what the doctor said earlier and felt extremely troubled. It was as if something was crushing her while she was lying on the bed. 
Eight years… 
Why did she spend eight years to rescue him? 
And the doctor called me a time bomb. What does that mean? 
The more Sasha thought about it, the more dejected she became. She flipped the blanket and decided to get a glass of water. 
All of a sudden, she dropped the glass, and it broke into pieces. 
Sasha’s expression changed. She panicked and looked in the bathroom’s direction. She bent down and wanted to clean up the shards of glass before he came out. 
But the moment she squatted down, the sound of the hairdryer from the bathroom stopped. 
Crap. 
Sasha got even more anxious when she noticed the bathroom door was opened. 
“What are you doing?” After coming out of the bathroom and noticing what Sasha was doing, Sebastian frowned in dismay. 
The color drained out of Sasha’s face. “I… I just want to get myself some water.”
Her body stiffened when he approached her. Though her body was in pain, she still forced herself to pick up the broken pieces from the floor. 
But before she could even do that, the man grabbed her by the wrist. 
“Water? Did I not just give you a glass of water earlier? Why are you so troublesome?” Sebastian sounded as if he had lost his patience. 
It was getting late, and he was exhausted. Yet, when he was about to rest, this woman caused another trouble. She was just a troublemaker. 
Why are all women like this? 
With a grim expression on his handsome face, he squatted down, picked up the shards of glass, and placed them in a napkin. 
He was cleaning up the mess with one hand as his other hand was still gripping the woman’s wrist. 
It was as if Sebastian was afraid that Sasha would start messing around again if he released her. 
Women always get on my nerves. 
Sasha looked at him before turning her attention to the hand that was grabbing her wrist. 
“Stand still. Stop moving anymore!” He raised his voice. 
Sasha was at a loss for words and did not know how to react to that. She could only stand by the table and watch him clean up the mess. 
Sasha had never seen the thoughtful side of this man like this before. 
Sebastian had finally done cleaning a few minutes later.
“Do you still need water?” he asked. 
Sasha hesitated for a bit and nodded. 
The man then poured her a glass of warm water and gave her a few pills. 
She looked at his face, which had annoyance written all over, and swallowed the pills with the water. 
After that, Sebastian went to the bathroom to wash his hands. 
Sasha initially wanted to get back to the bed and rest, but she decided to stand and wait for the man. “The doctor who came earlier… who is she?” 
“You don’t have to know.” Sebastian refused to answer her question. 
He refused to answer Sasha not because he had something to hide from her but merely because she did not need to know. After all, Sebastian was annoyed by that doctor who was also his attending physician. 
Upon hearing that, disappointment was written all over Sasha’s face. 
Her expression change rendered Sebastian speechless. 
Why are women so paranoid? 
He let out a sigh and said, “Her name is Roxanne Rocke.” 
“Oh!” Sasha’s eyes brightened all of a sudden. “It’s her? So she has been treating you all this while?” 
“That’s right.” Sebastian tried to be patient.
Sasha’s mood seemed to have improved. “She looks very young. She should be around your age, right?” 
That was indeed a valid question. 
Sebastian was already sixteen years old when he was sent to live with his uncle. Roxanne had been his doctor for eight years, and at that time, Sebastian was already twenty-four years old. Yet, they looked as if they were about the same age. 
So how old was Roxanne when she started treating him? Seventeen? Eighteen? 
How is this possible? 
Sasha found it hard to believe. 
But Sebastian was not ready to let Sasha get her way. He sneered, “Smart people are everywhere. You think everyone is as stupid as you and would take forever to graduate?” 
Excuse me? I’m stupid? 
I might have taken a few extra years to complete my studies, but at least I’m a certified doctor! 
Sasha’s face was stiffened with dismay. 
“What makes you think I’m stupid? I might not have excelled under Dr. Kaye’s tutelage, but I self- studied and eventually became a doctor.” she defended herself. “And I even made a name for myself as a doctor in Clear. So please don’t use the word stupid on me.” 
Sebastian was instantly tongue-tied upon hearing that.
###Chapter 266
Chapter 266
Sebastian tilted his head and looked at her. Sasha felt he appeared to be less hostile after hearing what she said. 
“Fine. You’re smart but too bad, you’re not a member of the Blackwood family,” he responded. 
“The Blackwoods?” Sasha had no clue what he was talking about. 
“Yes. Just so you know, Roxanne is Heyman Rocke’s granddaughter.” Sebastian gave her a smirk. 
Sasha’s eyes widened in shock. 
She knew who Heyman was. He was Avenport’s top neurosurgeon in the eighties. 
Heyman was as popular as her mother’s father, Hannick Blackwood. Hannick came from a family of Chinese physicians, and he was the crème de la crème of them all. While they were known for their expertise in TCM in Avenport, the Rockes were experts in Western medicine. Had the two families worked with each other, they would be invincible. 
Unfortunately, the Blackwoods had eventually lost their influence in the healthcare industry. 
I thought the Rocke family had left the country? I’ve not heard about them for ages,” Sasha asked. 
“That’s because you and the Blackwoods were ignorant. The Rocke family had set up a big healthcare corporation overseas, and they have many hospitals all over the world,” he explained. “And Roxanne is one of the persons who manages the corporation.” 
“Meanwhile, the Blackwoods…” he let out a mirthless laugh. 
Sasha gritted her teeth. When will he stop humiliating me?
Sebastian’s remark triggered Sasha, especially when she thought of how miserable Jackson was. Yet, what he said was true. 
Once, the Rocke family and the Blackwoods were the most prominent families in the city. While the former continued to thrive, the latter had lost everything they owned, including a roof over their heads. 
What else could she say to refute Sebastian? She could only feel sorry for the Blackwoods, especially Xenia. 
Sasha’s eyes darkened. 
“Are you done with your questions?” Sebastian suddenly asked and got her out of a trance. 
Sasha looked at him and froze right there. 
“Are you just gonna stand there for the entire night?” The man had finally lost his patience. 
His tyrannical voice sent chills down Sasha’s spine. 
“Yeah… I’ll sleep now.” Sasha then turned around and was ready to return to her bed. 
Suddenly, the man grabbed her by the shoulder. 
Before Sasha could react, Sebastian picked up her up and carried her in his muscular arms! 
The unexpected move caused Sasha to let out a scream as she was dumbstruck with fear. 
Her eyes widened as she stared at the man and grabbed his collar. “What are you doing?” she asked in a trembling voice. 
Her heart was racing so fast that she thought her heart was about to burst out of her chest.
But the man was bothered by how distressed she was. “You expect me to wait for you to crawl slowly to your bed?” 
He then carried her to the bed. 
What Sebastian did not notice was how her body scent had caused him to speak in an awkward tone. 
Even his eyes had darkened. 
Damn it! 
He immediately pulled himself together and tucked her into bed. 
Sasha did not know how to react to his action. 
Though her cheeks were all red, she heaved a sigh of relief. 
Thank goodness he didn’t do anything crazy. 
Just when she thought she could go to sleep in peace, Sebastian turned on the light. She took a glance at the man, who only had a bathrobe on, went to the other side of the bed. 
What? 
Once again, Sasha was thunderstruck. She tilted her head to his side and stared at him, not knowing what to do. 
Wait a second. Are my eyes playing tricks on me? 
Or has he gone mad? Did something possess him? What nonsense is this! 
Despite lying in bed, Sasha was so flabbergasted that she could not keep her eyes shut.
“What is wrong with you? Are you not going to sleep?” Sebastian asked. 
Once again, Sasha shuddered. 
A few seconds later, she asked sheepishly, “Are you… are you going to sleep here?” 
A sudden frown warped Sebastian’s face. “Do you have a problem with that?” 
Sasha replied, “No, I mean…” 
“First of all, this is my bedroom. Where else can I sleep?” he said in a deep and impatient tone. “Secondly, we’re still married. Is it illegal for us to sleep together?” 
Upon sensing the impatience in his tone, Sasha kept mum. The room was so quiet that she could hear his breathing clearly. 
There was nothing wrong for a married couple to sleep together. 
But ever since they got married, they had never shared the same bed before. 
Sasha’s body stiffened, and her heart palpitated. 
She kept staring at the ceiling in total darkness as she had a hard time trying to sleep. 
But perhaps due to the injuries on her body, she eventually got tired and fell asleep an hour later. 
When Sasha was finally sound asleep, the man beside her opened his eyes all of a sudden.
###Chapter 267
Chapter 267
“What a dumbass.” 
Sebastian turned toward her, fixing his gaze on the woman who was slipping into slumber. 
“Is it painful?” he asked. 
“No…” 
Sasha was drifting into sleep when she heard him speaking vaguely. 
For the past five years, she had constantly kept her suffering to herself and told her children she was fine despite how much pain she felt. 
Her brows stitched tightly because of the pain and she flipped on her side to cuddle in his arms. His warm embrace made her pain much more bearable. 
“You’ll be fine.” His voice echoed softly in her ears as he patted her to sleep. 
Over at the Hayes Residence, the somber house instantly became vivacious with the arrival of the three children. 
Everyone—except for Frederick—was electrified when they knew they were coming. 
“Matteo, do you want to go to my house? I happen to have a lot of delicious food at home,” one of the relatives offered. 
“Matt, you and Ian should come to my house instead. I have a huge playground at my place. You guys will love it!” 
“Cut it out. I asked them first.”
Everyone seemed to be enthusiastic about having the children over at their respective places, but it went without saying that they had ulterior motives. 
Although their intentions were not pure, part of the reason why they wanted the kids to visit their places was that they were adorable. There was not a single person who would say no to the children, but the main reason was that they wanted to curry favor with Frederick. 
Matteo and his siblings were caught in a dilemma. Since they could not get out of the situation, Matteo decided to just flash the trump card. 
“What about y’all ask Grandpa?” 
Ian quickly nodded in agreement. 
Only Vivian seemed unfazed by the relatives’ passionate entreats. She kept herself occupied with the little yam plant in the garden, trying to dig it out of the soil. She had heard that Frederick was the one who planted this. 
When the adults heard Matteo’s suggestion, they had no other choice but to let Frederick make the decision for them. 
The old man was pleased when all the adults came to ask for his permission. 
Everyone who stayed at the residential compound was a member of the Hayes family. After Frederick’s father built the family business and had three sons of his own, he asked all of them to come over and stay together to make sure the family never grew apart. 
The residence was capacious. There were more than ten courtyards and the whole area was able to house everyone. One would easily get lost wandering around the compound unguided. It would take more than a day to finish going around the residence.
It was for this reason that the Hayes did not break away from the family residence and go out to stay on their own. 
Frederick was elated when he found out that everyone was eager to invite his grandchildren over. 
“They can go to your place, Roderick.” Frederick spelled the verdict after some thoughts. 
“Alrighty!” 
When Roderick found out the children were going home with him, he leaped like a happy kid in front of Frederick. 
He held his head high in pride and marched out of the door under everyone’s jealous gazes. 
“Follow me, kids. Your grandpa has given y’all the green light to come to my place.” 
“We’re going to grand-uncle’s place?” 
Matteo shot Ian a curious gaze. “He’s the one who gave me the gold pendant last time, right?” 
Ian nodded briefly. 
The child did not seem excited about the news at all. To be precise, there was a hint of despise on his face when he found out Roderick was bringing them home. 
Ian’s reluctance elicited a frown on Matteo’s brows. 
Meanwhile, everyone was disgruntled when they found out the children were following Roderick. 
“He’s a real good bootlicker, isn’t he? First, it was Ian. Then, it was Matteo. What is Roderick trying to get at? Help his son score some brownie points?”
“Exactly. He only has one son, so he’s doing everything he can to make sure he gets on his eldest brother’s good book. God knows he’ll even get any inheritance since they are so incompetent.” 
The two women complained bitterly and vented. 
There was a kernel of truth in their words. 
Roderick only had one son himself. Not only was his child unambitious, but he was also a failure. The family had tried putting him in Hayes Corporation a few times, but he disappointed the family over and over again. 
“Let’s just wait and see how long he can last,” the women resumed. 
“Do you remember what happened to Ian? Roderick used to bring him over a lot until he fell sick. Now that the other boy is added to the family, it’s a good chance for Roderick to extend his claws again.” 
Despite their loathing, the women could only rant at each other. 
There was nothing they could do since Roderick was elderly. 
He was the second oldest in the family now after Frederick himself. 
While the two women were busy gossiping, Roderick walked over to the garden with a wide smile on his face. 
“Matt, Ian, where are you? Let’s go over to my place. I’ve got lots of tasty food for you.” 
Ian stood up straight when he heard the familiar voice, his expression turning cold. His sudden reaction disconcerted Matteo. 
“What’s the matter, Ian?”
###Chapter 268
Chapter 268
Ian refused to say a word as Roderick hurried over, exhilarated. 
“Now, now, Matt, aren’t you a fine boy? Come over here and give your grand-uncle a hug.” 
Matteo looked at the zealous old man awkwardly. 
Although both he and Vivian were there together, Roderick ignored the girl and talked only to Matteo. 
Matteo’s gaze darted around as he thought of a way to get away. He went closer to Vivian and pulled her up from the ground. 
“I’m sorry grand-uncle. I have to hold Vivi’s hand. She’s scared whenever she’s in a new environment.” 
“Okay…” 
Roderick was disheartened to hear this. 
He really liked the boy and badly wanted to give him a hug. 
“What about you hug Vivi, grand-uncle? She’s a good girl too.” 
This girl? 
She’s not even one of our us! 
“It’s okay. You can walk with her. Let’s go over to my place. Your grand-aunt has made some really good food.” 
Vivian was too naive to read between the lines. She followed her brothers cheerfully when she heard there would be delicious food. 
Meanwhile, Ian was altogether quiet.
Although he was unwilling to go to Roderick’s place, he did not throw a tantrum because his siblings were thrilled to visit a new place. 
They hopped on the buggy and reached Roderick’s house after ten minutes. 
“Alright, kids. We’re here! Be careful when you get down.” 
Roderick got off first and carried the children down one by one. 
He was particularly careful when it came to Matteo’s turn. 
Roderick’s wife, Gladys, treated the guests to the best food at home. 
“Wow! These look so good!” 
Vivian went ahead and reached for a juicy peach when she saw a huge plate of fruits, but Gladys quickly moved the plate away. 
“Matteo and Ian, come over and have some fruits,” she quickly beckoned, “These are all imported fruits.” 
She completely ignored Vivian and took the plate of fruits over to Matteo and Ian. 
Tears welled up in Vivian’s eyes when she saw this. 
Ian’s face turned gloomy seeing the dejection in the girl’s eyes. “Come here, Vivi.” 
Matteo was vexed too. 
He knew the people at the residence looked down on Vivian because she was not Sebastian’s child. It was apparent from how they treated her ever since she came, but Vivian was still a child. However, she was too innocent to notice any of this.
Matteo could not believe they would go to such lengths to exclude her. 
He would not allow these two old people to despise her so blatantly. 
Matteo turned toward Gladys and shot her a fake smile. “We won’t eat unless Vivi eats too, Grand- aunt.” 
“That’s really thoughtless of you. Didn’t you see the girl wanted it too?” Roderick interjected tactfully and gave the whole plate of fruits to Vivian. 
Gladys had no choice but to let Vivian have the peaches in the end. 
The children had a hearty meal and played in the courtyard for a while before Frederick sent someone to pick them up. 
The kids spent the night at Frederick’s and went to bed early. 
It could have been an enjoyable and memorable day for the children if Matteo had not fallen sick in the middle of the night. 
“What’s the matter? Why is he having a fever all of a sudden?” Frederick summoned the butler immediately when he was informed of Matteo’s situation. 
“He probably caught a cold when he was playing in the afternoon. It’s no big deal. I’ll call the doctor over.” 
Tim hurried to get the doctor after assuring his frantic master that everything was under control. 
After the doctor arrived, he did a thorough check on Matteo and said it was no big deal.
“The boy just caught a cold, so there’s nothing you need to worry about, Mr. Hayes,” the doctor said, “I’ll prescribe him some medication and give him a jab.” 
“That’s good news. Thanks.” 
Frederick heaved a sigh of relief when he heard the doctor. 
Ian and Vivian were awake too. They ran over to Matteo’s bedside when they found out he was sick. 
Ian was especially agitated when he saw Matteo unwell. He was not just worried, he was pissed too. 
“It must be them!” 
Everyone in the room turned and stared at the angry boy. 
“What are you talking about? Who made Matteo sick?” 
“It must be that old witch. I know it must be them!” 
Ian clenched his fists tightly as his breaths seethed with hatred. No one had expected so much negativity from a five-year-old.
###Chapter 269
Chapter 269
Frederick was shocked looking at Ian. “What are you talking about, Ian? Who wants to harm Matteo? Are you talking about your grand-uncle and grand-aunt?” 
“Yes.” 
Everyone in the room blinked their eyes in disbelief—not because Ian was able to express himself articulately—but because what he revealed was frightening. 
“Ian, I know you don’t like your grand-uncle, but you can’t accuse them just like that. The doctor said that Matteo just caught a cold.” 
There was no way Frederick would buy what the kid said, but he still tried to understand the boy. 
“I know it’s them. I fell sick after I went to their place too!” Ian shouted back. He could not control his emotions anymore. 
Tim stepped in and wanted to speak some sense into Ian, but Frederick quickly stopped him. 
“Alright, Ian. I won’t let Matteo go over to Roderick’s place anymore, is that okay? It’s already late at night, why not you go back to bed?” 
Ian glared at Frederick coldly and walked out with the butler. 
Frederick did not believe a word Ian said. After all, he had had the whole incident checked the last time Ian fell sick. It was just pure coincidence. No one in the whole residence would believe what Ian said. 
Frederick wondered if he should also do another investigation this time, but he did not translate that fleeting thought into actions. 
When Sasha woke up again the next day, there was already no one beside her.
She looked around and felt the remaining warmth on her bed. Everything felt like a dream last night. 
“Are you awake, Ms. Wand? Mr. Hayes asked us to make you some herbal soup.” 
Wendy’s voice called Sasha back to reality. 
Soup? 
Sasha was not expecting Sebastian to be so nice. 
“Alright. I’m coming.” 
Sasha got out of bed and went to wash up in the bathroom. 
She could not help but feel uneasy thinking about meeting Wendy again later since even she herself could not explain her relationship with Sebastian. Sasha was his children’s mother, but she and Sebastian were not on good terms. 
Yet, despite their rocky relationship, she slept here last night. 
When Sasha opened the room door after washing up, Wendy had already gone downstairs. 
Sasha went to her own room on the second floor and got changed. 
A flush of embarrassment rushed through her when she looked at the pajama she was wearing. Sebastian must have helped me change. 
After having breakfast, Sasha asked Wendy where the children were. “All of them went to the Hayes residence? Even Vivi?” she asked worriedly. 
“Yeah. Don’t worry, Ms. Wand. Mr. Hayes already called them this morning. They’re doing just fine.”
“Alright.” 
Sasha was not disturbed about Matteo and Ian going over. It was Vivian that she worried about. Since the Hayes did not know about her real identity, they might mistreat her. 
After getting the assurance that the children were having a good time there, Sasha grabbed her phone and went back up again. 
It was already toward the end of the year. The blue sky was clear and the weather was blissful. Over at the hanging garden on the second floor, blue hydrangea and moth orchids blossomed under the warm sun as if they were in their prime. They danced to the breeze and their soothing scent wafted through the garden like a dream. 
Sasha found herself a seat and fell into deep thoughts. Before long, she scrolled all the way down through her call log and called a number. 
“Hello?” 
Beep. 
To her surprise, the person hung up right after the call got through without even giving her a chance to say more than just a simple ‘hello’. 
Sasha felt the last strand of hope she was holding on to just snapped, but anger soon rose in her heart and she punched the call button again. 
“What do you want, Sasha Wand?” 
An impatient and spiteful female voice pierced through the phone.
“What do I want? It’s more like what do you want, Xenia Blackwood! Have you forgotten what you did to me? You’re not afraid of karma, aren’t you?” 
“You must be kidding me, Sasha.” There was no fear in her voice. In fact, she was emboldened. 
“There’s nothing I should be afraid of,” Xenia added. 
“You stole my manuscripts and gave them to Xandra, didn’t you? You’re the only one who knows how I came out with the story for The Tattoo. You’re the only one who has a copy of it. It can’t be anybody else.” 
Sasha sat in the garden shouting into her phone. 
She was infuriated. Wrath glimmered in her bloodshot eyes. If Xenia were in front of her right now, she could rip her to pieces with her bare hands.
###Chapter 270
Chapter 270
“Are you crazy? Don’t blame everything on me just because things went wrong for you. I don’t understand a word of what you’re talking about. I don’t even know what manuscript it is!” Xenia was not apologetic at all. 
“Don’t lie. I know you know who Xandra Green is.” 
“I’m sorry, but I really have no idea who she is. What’s wrong with you, huh? I know you’re having a hard time with the Hayes, but don’t blame it on me. I’ll still help you because you’re my cousin, but you’ll have to ask nicely instead of accusing me like this!” 
Sasha could not believe Xenia would still try to play the good person at this point, but she calmed herself down and thought about what she said. 
“Fine. Don’t say I didn’t give you a chance to admit what you did. I’ll make sure you pay for what you did to me. You will regret you’re born by then.” 
Sasha vented all her hatred over the phone. She was never this aggressive toward Xenia because back then, she would still be polite toward her for the sake of Jackson and Sharon. 
But, Xenia brought this on herself. 
She took Sasha for a pushover ever since they were young. Xenia never once thought Sasha would take revenge on her. 
You want to make me pay? 
In your dreams, Sasha! 
After ending the call, Sasha got ready to go out in the afternoon.
“Ms. Wand, are you sure you want to head out? It’s better for you to stay in until you recover. Mr. Hayes will be furious if he finds out.” 
Sasha had no choice but to call Sebastian. 
“Hey… Are you busy?” 
Sasha was nervous calling him. She decided to ask if he was available before she continued talking. 
He was usually busy at this hour. 
Besides, it was almost new year already. 
Sebastian glanced at the pile of documents on his table and put her on speaker before he continued working. “What is it?” 
Sasha bit her lips and mustered her courage. “I need to go to Uncle Jackson’s place. I haven’t seen them for a while and it’s almost the new year now. It’ll be great if I visit them. They must really miss me after marrying me off.” 
She thought of a random excuse. 
Does this mean she thinks we’re still legally married? 
A faint smile curved on Sebastian’s lips without even him noticing. “Sure. Ask Karl to send you over,” he said, signing his name on a document. 
“It’s okay. I can drive there on my own. I’m thinking of going to buy some stuff for them. It’ll be inconvenient if Karl follows me around.” 
The real reason why Sasha wanted to go over was not that she missed them, but rather, she wanted to give them a heads up because Xenia was their daughter.
After getting Sebastian’s approval, Sasha hopped on the white Cayenne and drove off. 
Karl was at Royal Court One as he watched Sasha drove away. He adjusted his earpiece. “Mr. Hayes, should I follow her?” 
“Yes. Don’t get spotted and don’t get involved. Just make sure she’s safe.” 
Sebastian stole a glance at the document file on the side of his table. Those were the information about Sasha’s family before they went bankrupt. There was no anger on Sebastian’s face. Instead, he looked calm and composed. 
Has she finally figured out who betrayed her? 
Good job. 
Another smile broke out on his face before he dived into work again. 
When Sasha reached the Blackwood residence, Jackson was out under the sun in the garden in his wheelchair. Sharon and the maids were busy cleaning and decorating the house. 
“Dust that area, and I want the wallpaper changed over here.” 
“Yes, Mrs. Blackwood.” 
The maids hurried off to carry out the orders given. 
Sasha came in and greeted her. “Aunt Sharon.” 
Sharon turned around and looked at her apathetically.
She never changed even the slightest bit. It did not matter how long she had not seen Sasha, nor what happened between them. Her attitude was always distant. 
“Hi, Sasha.” 
“Can we talk in your room, Aunt Sharon?” Sasha was afraid she would not be able to take it, so she asked to talk to her privately. 
The two went upstairs without letting Jackson know. For the first time in her life, Sasha saw horror in Sharon’s eyes after Sasha filled her in on what happened.
###Chapter 271
Chapter 271
“Are you sure it’s her? Do you have any proof?” 
“Yes.” Sasha took out the USB drive with her manuscripts in it and showed it to Sharon. 
“This is the evidence. All the books I wrote and published are inside this USB. The manuscripts Xandra has are exactly the same, even the typos.” 
“How sure are you that no one else has seen this before?” 
“I’m positive no one else has seen this before. I made a copy for Xenia and brought everything with me before I went abroad, so there’s no way there’s another person aside from her.” 
Sharon heaved a sigh and sat like a deflated balloon in front of her. Her face turned pale and the energetic glimmers that used to shine in her eyes were nowhere to be seen. 
Sharon was a strong woman. 
The Wand family was indebted to her. She was in no way related to the family, but because she married Jackson, she shouldered the burden and pulled the family through the hardest time. 
She was a woman of pride and ambition. 
For her whole life, she strived to perfect everything she laid her hands on, but everything was left in shreds because of her daughter. 
Sasha suddenly felt a pang of guilt and remorse looking at the dispirited woman. She felt she should not have broken this news to her. 
“I hope you understand why I’m here, Aunt Sharon. All this began with me, and I will end it.”
After a long time, Sharon lifted her head and looked at Sasha. Her pale lips parted as she tried to find her words. 
“What are you planning to do?” 
Her broken voice tugged at Sasha’s heartstrings. 
She shifted her gaze and looked elsewhere. She could not bear to look at Sharon. “I won’t take her life. I came today just to let you know in advance that if Xenia continues this, I will do everything I can to make her stop.” 
Everything you can? 
Terror showed on Sharon’s face. “What do you mean? She’s your uncle’s only daughter. Can’t you just forgive her and give her a chance?” 
Sharon ultimately sided with her own child in the end. 
Shasha did not blame her for that. She was a mother herself, so she could totally understand. 
“I did give her a chance. I called her before I came over, but she refuse to admit her fault. Aunt Sharon, you need to recognize the fact that Xenia will pay the price sooner or later. Sebastian and Mr. Hayes Sr. will still deal with her even if I don’t act. They knew I’m the author of that book. Xandra was already in their hands. Do you think they will let Xenia go just like that?” 
Sharon’s silence was her concession. She knew what Sasha said was right. 
She would rather her daughter end up in Sasha’s hands rather than the Hayes’. She could still beg Sasha to keep it a secret, but not the Hayes. 
Sharon closed her eyes as tears rolled down her cheeks.
“What are you gonna do to her? Send her away? Lock her up?” 
“I won’t. I’ll just make her lose her memory about this incident,” Sasha pronounced the sentence. 
Sharon’s eyes widened like two saucers. Never in her wildest imagination would she expect her niece to say that. 
“Make her lose her memory? What does that mean?” 
“Meaning I will make her forget about what happened completely. This is the only way I can make sure she will never do this again.” 
“Are you crazy?” Sharon yelled, springing from the chair. “Then, she’ll forget everything else too!” 
Sasha nodded. “But at least that will save her life.” 
Sharon glared at her in fury. 
This was not the solution she was expecting from Sasha, but she was at a loss for words to reprimand her. 
She would rather have Xenia lose her memory than lose her entirely. She could still make new memories with her child from scratch as long as she was alive. 
Sharon slumped back in her chair at the thought. 
This was not the Sasha she used to know. Back then, Sharon would readily ask her to go easy on Xenia, but not now. 
She wanted to ask why Sasha could not just overlook this mistake just once, but she could not.
Sharon had never felt so helpless before. 
“Alright. I will hand her over after new year.” 
Sasha nodded again and went downstairs. 
She was miserable too. 
They were like family to her, in fact, they were her only family. They were the last people on earth she wanted to harm.
###Chapter 272
Chapter 272
Unfortunately, Sasha did not have a choice. 
She could not just let Xenia harm Sebastian nor let Sebastian go down with her. 
Not on my watch! 
Sasha got in the car and closed the door beside her. Hot incipient tears in her eyes rolled down her cheeks in streams. 
“I’m sorry, Uncle Jackson and Aunt Sharon.” 
After some time, Sasha started the engine and got ready to drive off. 
A thought came to her mind before she drove away. She wanted to see Dr. Rocke. She wanted to know how she managed to cure Sebastian. 
There was also another thing Sasha could not understand. The doctor told her she was a ticking time bomb. What exactly does she mean by that? 
Sasha set her GPS for the Rocke residence in Old Town. Just as she started driving, her phone rang. 
“Yes?” 
“Ms. Wand? Could you come home now? The Hayes sent Matteo home just now. He’s not feeling well. It seems like he caught a cold yesterday.” 
“What? Matt fell sick?” 
Sasha took a sharp U-turn and drove back to Frontier Bay. 
When Karl saw this, he gave Sebastian a call. “Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand is heading home.”
Sebastian was still working at his immaculate office when he got the call. “What happened?” 
“She stopped by her uncle’s house for a while before coming out, but she stayed in her car for some time before leaving.” 
She stayed in her car? For what? 
Don’t tell me the two oldies scolded her because they wanted to save their daughter. 
A hard look settled on Sebastian’s face. 
“Follow her closely for the next few days. Make sure to report back to me about every single detail. Keep a close eye on Xenia Blackwood too.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
Karl called his men and relayed the orders. 
Sasha sped all the way back to Royal Court One. When she reached home, she was worried sick to see her son frail and pale. 
“What happened, Matt? Why did you fall sick all of a sudden?” Sasha carried the boy over from Wendy’s arms the moment she saw him. 
She did not even greet Frederick when she saw him. 
It was unusual for a healthy boy like Matteo to fall ill. 
Matteo was a good baby growing up. Sasha had to take care of him and Vivian, so the boy saw to it that he never made his mother worry. He took good care of himself and was seldom sick, but he looked unusually weak today.
He did not even have the strength to call out to her when he saw her. 
“I’m sorry, Mommy.” 
Ian came over and apologized when he saw Sasha’s anxious face. 
Sasha patted him on his head and comforted him. “It’s not your fault, Ian. Don’t beat yourself to it.” 
“Mommy, Matt fell sick after he went to grand-uncle’s place. We won’t go to his place ever again.” Vivian came over and told Sasha. 
Grand-uncle? 
Sasha’s brows furrowed and she finally remembered Frederick, who had been standing at the side all this while. 
The old man held on to his walking stick and cleared his throat. “Everyone was over the moon when the kids came over. They all wanted to take the kids back with them, so I decided to just let them visit Roderick’s place since he’s the oldest among everyone else. They had a good time there but Matteo developed a fever at night. The doctor came over and did a check on him. He probably caught a cold when he was playing at the courtyard in the afternoon.” 
This was the first time Frederick talked to her privately after their last encounter. Xandra was around the last time they met, so they did not manage to talk. 
After Frederick filled her in on what happened, Sasha nodded her head lightly and brought Matteo upstairs. 
Wendy and Tim watched in horror as Sasha and the kids walked away. 
They were appalled by her audacity.
Sasha brought Matteo to her room while the children went to get medication and warm water. 
“Don’t worry, Matt. I’m here. You’ll be okay, Matt.” 
“Mommy…” 
The playful boy was reduced to a sickly boy because of his fever. 
It pained Sasha to watch him as he cuddled in her embrace. 
She put the boy down in the bed and took his pulse. Much to her confusion, Matteo’s pulse was weak. This was not how it used to be. 
This is definitely not a cold. He must have eaten something. 
Sasha frowned and took out her acupuncture medical kit so she could treat him. 
After some time, Matteo looked better and he could speak again. 
“Mommy, I’m hungry.” 
“I’ll make you some corn soup.” Sasha was relieved to see Matteo better.
###Chapter 273
Chapter 273
Ian and Vivian were glad to see Matteo recovering. When Ian learned that Matteo wanted to eat something, he rushed downstairs to tell Wendy. 
A burden lifted off everyone’s chest when they knew about it. 
After attending to Matteo, Sasha went downstairs to help Wendy in the kitchen. 
She was shocked to find Frederick still around after all this time. He sat alone on the couch watching the news on the TV while drinking tea. 
Is he… waiting for me? 
Sasha suddenly felt uncomfortable. 
He must have heard about the Sanders. After all, it was impossible that the Hayes were not informed about it. He probably stayed back to wait for her because he wanted to talk about this. 
“I heard Matteo’s getting better? Come over and have a seat.” 
As she expected, the old man gestured at her to go over when he saw her. 
Sasha straightened her stiff body and walked over. 
“Do you remember this black tea? It’s the local specialty of the area your family used to stay. Do you want to try some?” Frederick asked, passing her some tea leaves in a bottle. 
Sasha felt an urge to cry looking at the tea leaves. 
She was surprised Frederick still remembered this.
Sasha sat down beside him and for a brief moment, she forgot what he told her at the Emmanuel family’s gathering. 
“I heard your dad got time off for good conduct,” he said as Sasha made tea. 
Sasha looked up in surprise and smiled in excitement. 
“That’s good news!” 
This means she could see her father sooner. 
“Yeah. His sentence was reduced by three years. He’s been in there for six years, so that means he only has to serve his time for one more year with the three-year reduction.” 
Frederick seemed to be in a good mood as well. 
Sasha tilted her head in confusion. 
He’s only sentenced to ten years of imprisonment? 
I thought it’s fifteen years? Or did I get it wrong? 
Sasha brushed off the thought and focused on the good news instead. She could not wait to see her father. 
“Can I go see him anytime soon? I’ve been away for a few years. I think it’ll be good to see him again.” 
“Sure. You can drop by anytime. I’ll make the necessary arrangements.” 
Frederick agreed without much thought.
Things seemed to have improved between the two of them. For a short moment, they seemed to have found the long-lost harmony between them again. 
“Is there something you want to talk to me about? Is it about the Sanders?” 
Sasha decided to bring this up since Frederick did not mention it at all. She was grateful for what Frederick had done for her, so she decided to reciprocate his goodwill, but to her surprise, the old man shook his head. 
“No. I’m just here to tell you about your dad. As for the Sanders, I’m leaving it to Sebastian. That’s his own issue anyway. I know he trusts you a lot, so I’ll just let him deal with it himself,” Frederick replied, sipping the tea Sasha made for him. 
“I’m also here to apologize. I had my own bias against you, but in hindsight, I shouldn’t have felt that way. I watched you grow as a kid, I should know better than anyone else what kind of a person you are. I shouldn’t have doubted your feelings for Sebastian. I hope it’s not too late for me to ask for your forgiveness.” 
Sasha was not expecting this from Frederick at all. 
Not only did he not question her for what happened, he even apologized for his past behavior. 
All this felt so surreal to Sasha. 
For the first time after such a long period, Sasha felt she could finally let her guard down and open up her heart to another person. She felt like she could finally stop being paranoid all the time. When she saw Frederick getting ready to leave, she quickly got up and sent him off. 
“You don’t have to apologize. I’m in the wrong too…”
“But I know you did it because you wanted to protect him. That is enough for me.” 
With that said, Frederick left. 
He finally acknowledged Sasha and approved of her existence in Sebastian’s life. He knew he could trust his son in her hands for the rest of his life. 
By the time Sebastian reached home after getting the news, Frederick had already left and things had died down. 
Matteo was resting upstairs while Sasha and the two other kids were keeping him company in his room. The huge house fell into an unbearable silence as night descended without the children playing around. 
The unusual quietness made Sebastian uneasy.
###Chapter 274
Chapter 274
He darted upstairs without even changing his shoes after he got in. He looked around and went toward the beam of light shining through the door. 
“You’re back?” 
Sasha was reading the children bedtime stories as they sat around her on the floor carpet. When she heard the door open, she looked up with anticipation and smiled widely at him. The yellow light from the bedside lit the room dimly and the scene warmed Sebastian’s heart. 
She’s so happy to see me. 
He felt a gush of bliss in his heart. 
Sebastian took off his shoes before entering. “How’s Matteo?” 
“He’s better now. I think he ate something wrong. I heard from Vivi that they had some peaches at their grand-uncle’s place.” 
Seeing Sebastian coming over to take care of Matteo, Sasha stood up and got ready to go downstairs to make Sebastian something to eat. 
“You don’t have to cook anything. I had dinner with the staff at the company just now. It’s the last day of the month.” 
“Ah, right.” 
Sasha stopped and went back to the children. 
She realized that it had become a habit for her to cook for Sebastian. It used to be him asking her to do so, but somehow she started doing it even when he did not even ask her to.
After spending some time with the children, Sebastian asked her to go upstairs with him so he could check if she had gotten better. 
She asked Wendy to come over and take care of the children before following Sebastian to his room. 
“What is the medication you gave me? I’m feeling a little dizzy.” 
“How would I know? I’m not the doctor here.” Sebastian threw the tube of medication aside and carried her over to the bed. 
When Wendy heard the noise upstairs, she smiled and pulled Vivian back to her room so she would stop looking for Sasha. 
As for Ian, he had always wanted his parents to spend more time together. 
When morning came the following day, Sasha woke up to the first ray of the sunshine. She had had a good night’s rest. Just as she was about to stretch, she was surprised to find herself hugging Sebastian like a bolster. 
She thought it was really a pillow. 
She shook herself awake and was horrified. 
Sasha stared at the man up close for a long time before her gaze softened. 
What a handsome man! 
The sun showered on his face generously, augmenting his chiseled features and defined brows. Now that he was sleeping, he looked relaxed and the severity on his face was nowhere to be seen. Sasha looked at his face adoringly until his fine sets of long lashes flapped alarmingly at her. 
“Are you done admiring me?”
Sasha jerked back and evaded his gaze. 
She was caught red-handed. 
“You’re drooling.” 
Sebastian turned to his side and took a good look at her. He laughed seeing the embarrassment on her face as she looked away. 
She didn’t even know I was already awake, but who cares? 
She looks cute now. 
“What were you thinking?” 
“Well… I wasn’t thinking about anything…” Sasha fumbled with her words, not knowing what to say. When she sensed him coming closer, she quickly moved aside, but it was too late. 
Sebastian pulled her back into his arms and made sure she could not leave. 
Sasha held her breath guessing what he was going to do next. 
“Were you thinking about kissing me again?” 
“Huh? No!” 
“You sure? You’re the one who clung to me and kept hugging and kissing me yesterday. You refused to let me go until you’d kissed me enough.” 
Sebastian made everything sound so casual. It was as if he was talking about someone else. 
Sasha, on the contrary, was completely dumbfounded.
I hugged and kissed him? 
I’m not a sl*t! I’ll never do that! 
Wait… Did I take him for the kids? 
This thought dropped on her like a bomb. She wanted to hide somewhere and beat herself for doing something like this, but Sebastian’s arms secured around her, leaving her no room to escape. 
“You finally remembered?” 
“No… I mean… I didn’t mean it. I thought you’re Vivi. That’s why I…” Sasha’s face was pumped red and hot as she mumbled away, trying to find the right words. 
Just as she was busy explaining herself, Sebastian’s grip tightened around her waist.
###Chapter 275
Chapter 275
“Mmm!” 
Sasha looked up at him instinctively, glowering at him, but Sebastian had already dipped his head and planted his lips on hers. 
Her whole body stiffened. 
What is he doing? I told him I mistook him for Vivi! 
Everything happened so quickly Sasha was still unable to respond to Sebastian’s sudden entreat. 
Little did Sasha know, she was not the one who started this. It was Sebastian who forced a kiss on her last night, not her. 
It was true that she hugged him yesterday. Sasha was used to sleeping with the children, so she habitually hugged those sleeping beside her. It was just that the person she hugged turned out to be Sebastian. 
Sebastian was a man too. He could not say no when Sasha threw herself on him. After all, she was his wife. 
Sebastian closed his eyes and kissed her harder. An irresistible urge overtook him and he caved to his desires. 
Everything escalated swiftly and a passionate session ensued. When everything was finally over, Sasha felt like she was broken to tatters. 
“Are you tired? What about I help you shower?”
Sebastian was in a good mood after he was satisfied. His voice was gentle and he even offered to help Sasha shower. 
Sasha spared him a lethargic look from the corner of her eyes. 
No way. 
Over my dead body! 
The thought of it made her cheeks red again. She pulled up the blanket and hid in it. 
“I don’t want to get a shower. Get out. Don’t come in unless I ask you to.” 
What? It’s not like it’s our first time! 
Sebastian stared at her in disbelief. Since he woke up on the right side of the bed this morning, he did as she said. He got up and changed before heading downstairs. 
“Daddy! Good morning! You’re late. We’ve already had breakfast.” 
The kids were already playing when Sebastian came down. Matteo’s condition had improved after a night of rest too. He even flashed Sebastian a bright smile when he saw him. 
This only made Sebastian more cheerful. 
He went over and bent down in front of the boy. “Are you feeling better?” he asked, ruffling his hair. 
“I’m fine already. Where is Mommy? Did you take care of Mommy yesterday?” 
Sebastian laughed heartily and patted him on his head.
Then, he walked into the kitchen to grab some food. “Morning, Mr. Hayes. Are you going to the office today?” 
“No, I’m not. What’s that on the table?” 
“Oh, that’s the herbal soup you asked us to make for Ms. Wand. I made some for her today too. Do you want some? There’s extra.” 
Sebastian’s expression suddenly became rigid. 
“No, I’m fine.” 
“Ah, I understand. Ms. Wand needs to take more so she can recover sooner.” 
Sebastian got out of the kitchen, not wishing to continue the conversation any further. He was just about to go see the kids when someone came in. 
“Hi, Sebastian. I heard you’re on leave today, so I came over. I’ll just do a quick check on you and be off.” 
Roxanne saw herself since she was already familiar with the house. 
Her chestnut hair flowed gracefully on her brown coat as she walked in. Her sweet smile coupled her elegant outfit perfectly. 
She was a woman of every man’s dream. 
Sasha, who had just showered and was heading down, was stupefied when she saw her. 
“What’s there to check? I’m fine.”
When Sebastian saw it was her, he reacted coldly and walked off toward the garden to look for the children. 
Roxanne was already used to his attitude. She followed after him. 
“I still have to do it even if you say you don’t need it. I’m your doctor. I came all the way here just to see you, so you’d better cooperate.” 
“I didn’t ask you to come.” 
“Do you think I want to come? Your dad is the one who called. Come on, stop wasting my time. I still have other things to do.” 
Roxanne was getting impatient. She stuck out her hand and pulled Sebastian by his arm. 
Sasha was taken aback to find out they were actually that close. 
Even Xandra did not dare to touch him. 
Jealousy crept all over Sasha as she watched both of them.
###Chapter 276
Chapter 276
However, the man didn’t seem to have much of a reaction. Roxanne clutched his arm, but he broke free from her grip with a mere flick of his hand. 
“Get lost from my sight in three seconds.” 
“Sure, but remember to come and look for me. Oh yes, lend me some money as well. My father froze my cards again.” 
All of a sudden, the woman uttered that remark indignantly as she stood there staunchly. 
Hearing that, the veins on Sebastian’s forehead popped up. Exasperated beyond belief, he finally shot a look at her again. “What did you do now? Your father already gave you five million before you came. You’ve only come back for a while, yet he has already frozen your cards?” 
“Are you blaming me now? Do you know that a bottle of reagent costs a million? Five million is only enough for five bottles!” 
Sebastian was speechless for a moment before he muttered, “What a nut!” 
They, then continued bickering. 
When Sasha returned to her room, those three words out of Sebastian’s mouth echoed in her ears. 
What a nut… He said that she’s a nut, but I just can’t shake off the sense of vexation, exasperation, and even a hint of indulgence those words seemed to convey. 
Stepping into the bathroom again, Sasha regarded the reflection of her countenance that was obviously much dimmer at present. As time ticked by, she realized that the envy within her was growing and spread uncontrollably, just like a vine.
Why are they so familiar with each other? He even knows the amount of her pocket money, and it sounded as though it wasn’t the first time her cards had been frozen. Instead, it seems to be a repeated occurrence. What exactly has their relationship been in those eight years? 
Sheer jealousy inundated her, and that was a feeling she never had toward Xandra. 
In the end, Sebastian went to Roxanne’s place. 
Indeed, it was Frederick who called Roxanne back. Sebastian once suffered a mental breakdown during the Emmanuel family’s birthday party, so he was a tad worried and convinced her to drop by. 
Sasha didn’t see the man when she came down, but she didn’t ask any questions about his whereabouts either. 
“Is there anything to do today, Wendy?” 
“No, no. Mr. Hayes asked you to wait for him to come back, and he’ll visit your father with you. I actually prepared some pastries. Do you want to take them with you?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was taken aback for a moment, and she couldn’t quite wrap her head around it. 
He actually knew about that? 
The heavy stone that had been crushing her abruptly lifted. She didn’t want to admit it, but her mood improved significantly at once. 
“Sure.” 
After giving her agreement, she stayed in the villa and waited for him.
But to her disappointment, the person who had gone out didn’t come back even after she had waited from morning until afternoon. Conversely, it was Frederick who phoned when she made no move to visit her father despite the hour. 
“Sasha, why haven’t you gone over yet? The person whom I’ve contacted at the prison has been waiting for you a long time.” 
“Eh? Uh… In that case, I’ll go over right away. Please ask him to wait for a bit longer. I’ll be there in a jiffy. Is that okay?” Sasha instantly panicked upon hearing that, and she frantically beseeched with the phone in hand. 
Fortunately, Frederick didn’t censure her. 
A few minutes later, Sasha drove off by herself and headed straight to the prison. 
Unbeknownst to her, the reason Sebastian wasn’t home yet was that he had been hypnotized by Roxanne at Rocke residence. 
Roxanne was indeed an expert in psychology. When she was still a child, she had already exhibited the ability to read other people’s thoughts through their eyes. And as she grew older, she could even manipulate people with her own methods. 
For that reason, she had actually been dubbed a prodigy in Avenport at a tender age. 
Back then, it made up a major part of the reason Sebastian’s uncle took him abroad. 
It was because Frederick heard that the Rocke family would be treating him, so he agreed. 
As Roxanne regarded the man whom she had hypnotized, she habitually turned off his cell phone beside him.
“Let him sleep for a bit, and don’t allow anyone to disrupt him.” 
“Understood, Dr. Rocke.” 
Her assistant promptly nodded when she heard that. 
Shortly after, Roxanne left and only came back late at night. 
Hypnosis was different from the usual sleep by the ordinary person. If the patient weren’t awakened by the person who conducted the hypnosis in the first place, he wouldn’t rouse naturally. What was more, the hypnotist in question was the incredibly talented Roxanne. 
When her assistant saw that Roxanne was back, she initially wanted to remind her to awaken Sebastian. 
However, after stepping in for a look, Roxanne did nothing at all. Instead, she went to the bathroom with her pajamas in hand. 
When she exited the bathroom half an hour later, Sasha had just arrived in front of her house. 
“Excuse me, but is Dr. Rocke in?” 
“Yes, she is. May I know who you are?” Roxanne’s assistant was quite polite. 
Sasha’s lips compressed into a thin line. Casting the black Bentley parked at the parking space of the small villa a glance, she took a step forward. 
“I’m here to pick my husband, Sebastian Hayes, up. Dr. Rocke said she’s bringing him over for an examination, but it’s been an entire day. So, I came over for a look since he’s not home yet.” 
“Pardon me? You’re… Mrs. Hayes?”
Sure enough, the assistant’s expression changed. She gaped at her in shock and even started stuttering. 
At that, Sasha’s heart sank for some inexplicable reason.
###Chapter 277
Chapter 277
“What’s the matter, Caite?” 
While Sasha and Roxanne’s assistant were in a stalemate at the door, Roxanne was just done showering in the villa. Hearing the commotion outside, she hollered from upstairs. 
Only then did the assistant snap back to her senses and hastened back into the house. 
A few minutes later, Sasha, who had been waiting at the door, was finally led into the house. 
“I’m really surprised that you would come to pick him up.” 
When Sasha again saw Roxanne, the latter was only wearing a bathrobe, with her long and velvety chestnut hair casually draped over her shoulder. She sashayed over with two glasses of red wine before placing one of them before Sasha. 
Then, she languid savored the other glass herself. 
Nevertheless, Sasha didn’t pick up the glass of wine. Ever since she entered the house, her gaze had been darting around in search of the man she was here for. 
Alas, she saw no sign of him anywhere. 
“Why are you surprised? Isn’t it normal for me to come and pick him up?” 
“Of course not. Firstly, the two of you aren’t truly husband and wife. And secondly, I’ll drive him back myself. Ms. Wand, my relationship with him is far more intimate than you think.” 
Roxanne was exceedingly blunt. Not only did she immediately refute Sasha, but she even deliberately mentioned the word “intimate.” 
All at once, Sasha’s face went pale.
What the hell? So, she actually knows that we’re not truly husband and wife? Also, why did she suddenly mention that word? Could it be that she spotted me on the third floor when she came over this morning? 
Out of the blue, she recalled the rumor she heard during her childhood of Roxanne being a “prodigy.” As she locked gazes with the woman’s mocking eyes, she abruptly felt as though she had been stripped naked. 
Utter mortification engulfed her. 
“Are you spying on me?” 
“You read too much into things. Why should I spy on you? Your emotions are written all over your face. Look, you’re not even really here to pick him up tonight. The truth is, you’re merely using that as an excuse to confront me, no?” 
Stunned, Sasha said nothing to Roxanne’s psychoanalysis of her motives. 
With a wine glass in her hand, Roxanne then continued languidly, “You want to ask me why I called you a ticking time bomb back then. Besides, you also want to know what exactly my relationship with him is. Is that not so?” 
It was terrifying to the bone, yet she sounded as though she was casually making conversation at that moment. 
By then, Sasha’s face had lost all color. 
She was a doctor herself, and she also had some knowledge of psychology. But after hearing everything the other woman said, a chill encased her, and the hair on the back of her neck stood up that very moment.
Oh my God, she doesn’t even seem human! Instead, she’s more of a demon that crawled out of hell, peering into the deepest part of my heart with her piercing eyes before peeling every single thought apart and putting them on the table one by one! How horrifying! 
“What are you…” 
“Calm down, and rest assured that I’ll tell you everything you want to know. Your most pressing question is my relationship with him, yes? Okay, we’ll start with that, then. Indeed, our relationship was one between a doctor and a patient in the beginning. But as I started treating him, he gradually developed a great attachment to me since we were always together and saw each other night and day. Later, our families proposed that we tie the knot, and he didn’t either.” 
What? 
It was as though a bolt of lightning struck Sasha, and her eyes went wide with shock. 
Tie the knot? They were actually going to get married? 
Her mind went blank. 
At her expression, the sneer tugging at Roxanne’s lips deepened. “Are you shocked? Don’t worry, for I didn’t agree. I had no interest in marriage, so I took off after they proposed marriage.” 
Sasha was struck dumb upon hearing that. 
An eternity seemingly passed as she stood there gaping at the woman blankly without twitching a muscle. 
So, it turned out that she was the one who left between the two of them. In other words, if she hadn’t left back then, she would have been his wife. Most importantly, he wanted to marry her. Is that it? Then,
what am I to him? Is she the love of his life instead? Back when he was truly at his most tormented, she must have been the sum of his confidante and hope to hang on to life as his psychologist. Who can ever compare to someone that important to him? 
Recalling the intimacy and familiarity of the scene she witnessed on the third floor that morning which had her so envious to the point of no return, a suffocating sense of distress assailed her. She could feel her heart that had just healed some time ago being ripped open bit by bit again, blood dripping from the wound that radiated crippling pain. 
“Thus, I was really puzzled when you suddenly married him at that time. I didn’t understand why Frederick would do such a thing when he understood his son’s condition better than anyone else.” 
This time, Sasha was entirely dumbstruck. 
The implication was too horrifying that almost a lifetime passed before she heard herself asking, “W- What do you mean?” 
Roxanne merely shrugged. “I don’t know, but I found it strange. After I took off, his mental condition was at an all-time low. As such, shouldn’t he have been stabilized first at that time? Why was he forced to marry you instead? Could it be that Frederick wanted to use such a method to keep you shackled?” 
Her eyes suddenly glinted after saying that. 
She’s an incredibly intelligent woman, yet she’s an idiot in some aspects! 
Meanwhile, Sasha plunged into silence. 
She felt as though someone had poured a bucket of cold water on her, drenching her from head to toe. All the light was extinguished from her life in the blink of an eye. She stood there like a puppet whose strings had been cut, and she almost stumbled on her feet.
That was probably the pinnacle of utter devastation and despair.
###Chapter 278
Chapter 278
I thought Frederick was helping me at my lowest, but it turned out that he was taking advantage of my situation. And the debt of gratitude I thought I owed him had also turned into a pathetic joke in the end. How naive was I? Ultimately, he had never regarded me humanely. How ludicrous! 
Sasha had no inkling how she left in the end. She only remembered dragging her feet that felt as though they were filled with lead. When she finally snapped back to reality, she found herself standing in front of the prison she had just visited that morning. 
“I made a mistake, Dad. I shouldn’t have done that. If I could ever turn back time, I’d never make the same choice.” 
She fell to her knees in front of the prison in the pitch-dark night. 
And when I went in today, I even told him that I was living a good life and didn’t regret my decision back then. How ironic! 
She remained kneeling like an abandoned waif as time continued ticking by… 
Meanwhile, it was an hour later when Sebastian was finally awakened. 
When he blinked open his eyes, he was briefly dazed after having been under hypnosis for such a long time. A few minutes later, awareness gradually returned to him. When he saw that the lights were turned on in the room, his eyes narrowed, and he immediately shot up from the bed. 
“Roxanne Rocke! How long did you have me sleep?” His voice was steely, making his current mood known in uncertain terms. 
Roxanne had been a tad uneasy ever since Sasha left in a stupor, so her expression turned even more apprehensive at his wrath.
“I just wanted to let you sleep. Look, you haven’t slept well in a long time.” 
Sebastian didn’t even dignify that with a response. 
Cutting her a glare, he got out of bed and stalked out after snagging his suit jacket by the chair. 
Uh… He’s leaving? Should I tell him that Sasha Wand was here? 
Roxanne hesitated for a moment. 
But in the end, she still said nothing. Instead, she watched the man leave until his car disappeared into the dark night. 
“Dr. Rocke, are we not telling Mr. Hayes that his wife was here? She looked very pale when she left. Would something happen to her?” her assistant couldn’t resist asking after having seen it all from behind her. 
When Roxanne heard that, her expression instantly darkened. 
“Why should we do so? She was here to look for me, not him! And I only granted her wish by telling her everything she wanted to know, so there’s no one to be blamed if she can’t accept the truth!” 
Unexpectedly, she was incensed for the first time in her life. 
In the past, such an emotion would never have manifested on her. 
Sebastian drove back to Frontier Bay. 
He was about to enter the villa in search of Sasha to explain why he hadn’t returned on time to accompany her to the prison visit when his cell phone rang without notice. 
“Hello?”
“It’s bad, Mr. Hayes! Xenia Blackwood is dead!” 
It was Karl’s voice. His declaration was akin to a deafening explosion in the cold and wintry night. Sebastian felt as though his ears were buzzing as those few words fell into his ears. 
“Dead? I didn’t ask you to kill her!” 
“Indeed. I didn’t make a move against her either, but she was found dead on the street just after she ran out of the house following a huge row with her parents. And the person standing next to her was affiliated with us,” Karl explained hastily. 
He seemed desperate to clarify that he had nothing to do with the incident, but his denial became extremely flimsy from the moment he said that someone affiliated with Hayes Corporation was at the scene. 
A shiver ran down Sebastian’s spine, and his expression turned grim in the dark night. 
“Then, why are you tarrying now? Go and investigate this matter quickly!” 
“It’s being investigated now. But Mr. Hayes, Sharon Goldstein ran out and witnessed it, so I’m afraid that…” 
Smash! 
Karl’s voice cut off. On the heels of that, the sound of the man smashing his cell phone to the ground in unadulterated rage rang out. 
Even after he had done that, his fingers trembled slightly. 
Xenia is dead, and someone affiliated with Hayes Corporation was at the scene. Worse still, all that happened to have been witnessed by Sharon!
When Sebastian came back to his senses, the first thought that occurred to him was to quicken his pace. He sprinted into the villa to find that woman posthaste and explain the matter to her. 
However, he couldn’t find her anywhere in the villa. 
“Where’s my wife?” 
“She went out to look for you. Didn’t you see her, Mr. Hayes?” 
When Wendy saw her employer looking frantic upon scurrying out of the children’s room, bemusement swamped her. 
Hearing that, Sebastian froze for a moment. 
Huh? She went out to look for me? Where did she go in search of me? 
All of a sudden, Roxanne’s unusual nonchalance when he left her place earlier flashed across his mind. Surprisingly, she didn’t cling to him as she was apt to do. In a thrice, the sense of dread within him grew all the more intense. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
Unbidden, unease started permeating Wendy when she abruptly noticed that the man’s expression had turned awfully bleak. 
Nonetheless, Sebastian didn’t answer her. 
Snatching up his keys, he only ordered her to take good care of the three children before pivoting and leaving in huge strides. 
Wendy could vaguely sense that he had lost his usual calmness and unflappability.
Don’t tell me something happened? Oh no, I really hope not! Dear Lord, it’s hasn’t been easy for them to get to this point, so won’t You please have mercy on them?
###Chapter 279
Chapter 279
Wendy was exceedingly worried, but little did she know that there were too many things between the two people whom she was praying for. 
Many a time, it was something beyond their control in which they had absolutely no say. 
Sasha only received news of Xenia’s death when it was almost dawn. Disregarding her sorry state, she rushed over to the hospital right away. 
But just after she arrived at the hospital, Sharon slapped her. 
“Get out of here! Leave! I don’t want to see you ever again, so get lost!” 
It was the first time her aunt had ever said such callous words to her, and it was also the first time she had ever struck her. 
Instantly, Sasha went cold. 
Ignoring the smarting of her cheek and the metallic taste that trickled out the corner of her mouth, she grabbed Sharon’s arm and dropped to her knees before her with a resounding thud. 
“No, let me explain, Aunt Sharon! I really… I really never harbored any intention of killing Xenia.” 
“No?” Sharon shot daggers at her with eyes blazing scarlet. “If so, why did you have Sebastian’s men keeping an eye on my house? Didn’t you team up with him to deal with Xenia? You would’ve spared her if she assented to having her memories erased, but if otherwise, you would then kill her! Is that not so?” 
“No, that’s not true!”
“No? You’re still trying to deny it at this time, Sasha Wand? I witnessed it with my own eyes! I saw her dying at the hands of someone affiliated with the Hayes family! Was I blind? Is that it, then?” 
As Sharon roared at the top of her lungs, her usually indifferent face was contorted with fury and intense hatred at that moment. It was as though she wanted to rip Sasha into pieces. 
Sasha fell into a trance. 
At long last, she no longer said anything else. Tears gushed out of her eyes that were teeming with terror and despair. 
Likewise, Jackson ignored her. 
He was settling the procedures to have Xenia transferred to the funeral parlor, and he never spared her a single glance throughout it all. 
True enough, Xenia was still their biological daughter despite her faults. 
Sasha closed her eyes. 
When she opened her eyes again a few minutes later, they had turned scarlet even as tears clung to the eyelashes. She stood up and promptly disappeared into the hospital. 
Coincidentally, Sebastian had also rushed over at this time. 
When he saw the familiar white Cayenne in the parking lot that was about to leave, he immediately sped over and blocked its path. He hemmed it in before it could leave the hospital. 
“You’re really here, Sasha! Do you know that I’ve been looking for you for a long time?” 
When the man saw that the person in the car he blocked off was indeed the woman he was looking for, his heart that was lodged in his throat finally settled back into his chest. Alighting from the car, he
strode toward her. 
Right then, he was still relatively calm. 
Such a trivial matter was truly nothing to the man who always had all situations under control in the business world, so he was wholly confident that he could resolve the problem. 
But when he had gone over, he realized that the woman in the car was no longer the same. 
“Sasha?” 
“Were you the one who sent men to keep an eye on Blackwood residence?” 
Sebastian was silent for a moment before he honestly admitted, “Yes.” Then, he wanted to explain, saying, “I only kept an eye on her because…” 
“So, it was you who had her killed.” 
“’No!” Upon hearing the accusation he dreaded most, the man grew irate. “Her death has nothing to do with me. I didn’t order them to kill her.” 
“And where’s the proof? What evidence do you have to prove that it wasn’t you?” Sasha sneered. “Sebastian Hayes, did you know from the very beginning that it was actually Xenia who stole my manuscript?” 
At that, Sebastian went silent. 
He couldn’t deny that, for it was indeed the truth. Ever since Xandra told him that she didn’t know who the mastermind was, he focused his attention on the woman before him.
Later, after asking Luke to investigate everything about Sasha’s family before they went bankrupt and learning about Xenia’s interaction with Sasha over those few years, he was pretty certain that it was indeed her. 
“I thought you wouldn’t pursue the matter anymore, so I was both surprised and moved. I wanted to resolve everything discreetly and tell Aunt Sharon that I would let Xenia off the hook as long as she allowed me to erase her memories. But what did you do, Sebastian?” 
Sasha’s gaze was hollow as she sat in the car. One side of her petite face was as white as a sheet, while the other side was marred with a red and swollen imprint that was distinctly visible once Sebastian leaned closer. 
What the hell? She was slapped? 
He ignored her words as his eyes narrowed and blazed with murder. 
“Who hit you? Was it Jackson?” 
“Do you truly care that I was hit, Mr. Hayes? It was all thanks to you, after all. Would I have been slapped if you hadn’t killed her? It’s already a miracle that I got out of there alive.” 
Sasha started cackling, the sound grating and maniacal. 
At that, Sebastian’s brows furrowed, and his patience finally snapped. 
“How many times do you want me to repeat this? I didn’t give any orders to kill her! Yes, I knew long ago that she was the one who gave the manuscript to Xandra, but I only had her followed to… protect you.” 
At long last, he revealed his motives to her.
While saying that, his voice was tinged with a hint of stiffness and awkwardness. 
Regretfully, the woman before him didn’t believe that. Or more accurately speaking, the series of events that transpired that night had already destroyed her, so she would never believe that such a wonderful thing would happen to her.
###Chapter 280
Chapter 280
“Protect me? Sebastian, do you dare say that you didn’t make any contingency plans if she were to flee?” 
At Sasha’s accusation, the man finally went silent without any retort. 
Well, I naturally did so since it was a great threat to me. I couldn’t possibly do nothing in case she couldn’t handle this matter well, no? And anyhow, I gave her the opportunity to do things her way, didn’t I? 
Anger began to bubble within Sebastian. “Yes, you’re right in that I indeed had a contingency plan. However, I already gave you leave to handle the matter, so I wouldn’t interfere before you were done.” 
“Who would believe that?” 
“What did you just say?” The man’s gaze suddenly turned exceedingly menacing. He almost went ballistic from her distrust and refusal to believe his words. “Why don’t you repeat that, Sasha?” 
“Fine by me. The facts are right before our eyes now. Xenia is dead, and she died at the hands of someone affiliated with you. You’ve admitted to it as well, so who else killed her if not you? Also, even if it wasn’t you, it must certainly be someone from the Hayes family. Back then, your father wanted to “eliminate” the only survivor from my family, so he tricked me into marrying you when I was eighteen years old. And after the Emmanuel family’s birthday party, he wanted to confine me to Hayes residence. Is there anything the two of you wouldn’t do? Well? Spit it out, then!” Sasha shrieked hysterically in her car with tears streaming down her face. 
In that moment, she truly looked like a lunatic. 
After all, she was utterly devastated to the point that she could see no hope anymore. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian went entirely mum.
The color drained from his handsome countenance bit by bit. As he stared intently at her complete breakdown, his stoic heart finally started to crumble slowly. 
What? She even knows about that? Who told her? No, that’s not important anymore. The thing is, her allegation might be true since my father is definitely the kind of person who has no qualms doing something like that! 
“No, Sasha, would you please listen to me first?” He started panicking and yanked at the car door to swing it open so that he could forcefully carry the woman out. 
However, Sasha, who was already in a state of total breakdown, lost it completely. 
“I hate you, Sebastian Hayes! Look what my life has become because of you! I only wronged you once when I was a child who didn’t know better, yet I’ve been reduced to this sorry state! I ruined the Wand family, and now, I’ve also destroyed the Blackwood family! Why must you do this to me, Sebastian Hayes?” 
She seemingly bellowed out his name with all the anguish in the world. 
Sebastian’s hands shook, and the panic within him was so intense that he couldn’t quite breathe. He clutched the car door with all his might and beseeched her in a humble voice that he had never once used in his entire life. 
“Yes, it’s all my fault. I apologize, so please unlock the car door first, okay? Listen to me.” 
He truly started to coax her as though cajoling a child. 
Alas, the woman who had waited for him for years on end would never listen to him anymore. Screwing her eyes shut in the car, she then floored the gas pedal. 
In the blink of an eye, the car shot away.
“Come back, Sasha Wand!” Sebastian roared at the top of his lungs from the back, his eyes blazing with rage. 
Nonetheless, all that greeted him in return was the cloud of exhaust and the swiftly disappearing back of the car. 
Right that moment, the woman was truly determined not to give him any quarter. 
Meanwhile, when Frederick learned of the news at Hayes residence, he was so shocked that he instantly shot up from the bed. 
“Who did you say is dead?” 
“It’s Jackson Blackwood’s daughter, Mr. Hayes. His wife, Sharon Goldstein, claimed that she witnessed her daughter dying at the hands of a man sent by Mr. Sebastian. As such, Mr. Sebastian and Ms. Wand are again at odds.” 
Tim narrated the entire incident without holding back anything. 
After hearing that, Frederick’s expression darkened at once. “Is he a fool? Why did he do such a thing when he wants to live the rest of his life with that girl?” 
He was so anxious that he scrambled out of bed to personally make a trip to the hospital. 
But at that precise moment, a figure abruptly barged in from outside. When the person reached the door, he kicked it open with a bang regardless of the people trying to hold him back. Then, he stumbled in. 
“Frederick Hayes! Come out, Frederick!” the person howled like a beast, shattering the silence of the night.
In no time, everyone in Hayes residence was alerted to the commotion. 
Tim’s expression changed as well. 
Isn’t that Mr. Sebastian? Why is he suddenly here? Furthermore, he actually showed such disrespect by addressing Mr. Hayes by name? Jeez, has he lost his mind? 
Tim immediately rushed over to stop him, but Frederick had already made his way over by then. He was infuriated to hear someone bellowing his name, so he charged over on his cane. 
“What are you doing, Sebastian Hayes? Have you gone mad with excessive drinking?” 
“You’re saying that I’m mad? That’s my line! Have you gone mad? Why did you kill her? Have you gotten addicted to the thrill of killing? You simply can’t rest easy without having someone dying at your hands every day, huh?” 
The man whose eyes were bloodshot seemed a tad manic. He pounced and grabbed Frederick by the collar before roaring, his face pale. 
His appearance right then was horrifying, to say the least. 
Discerning that something was amiss, Frederick promptly grabbed his wrist. “Who did I kill? Get ahold of yourself, Sebastian! What on earth are you saying?”
###Chapter 281
Chapter 281
“Who do you think I meant? Don’t you know who you killed? Do believe that I’ll kill you right now since you love killing so much?” 
After saying that, the man who had lost all sanity truly reached out and strangled his own father with both hands. 
“No, Mr. Sebastian!” 
Seeing that, Tim was so stricken that he hastily rushed over to stop him. 
At that exact moment, Karl, who came with Sebastian, streaked over and hit him on the back of the head. 
Finally, the living room went quiet once again. 
A few minutes later, Frederick returned to the living room after having settled Sebastian in. He stared at Karl, who was still waiting there. 
“What exactly happened? Why did he suddenly go crazy like that? Also, why would he think that I was the one who killed Xenia Blackwood?” 
“Wasn’t it you, Mr. Hayes?” the bodyguard blurted, momentarily taken aback. 
Hearing that, Tim’s temper flared. “What absolute nonsense! Would Mr. Hayes ask you such a question now if he was truly the one who did it?” 
Karl was instantly floored by the revelation. 
What? It wasn’t Mr. Hayes? Then, who could it be? I didn’t make a move either, so how could it still be a bodyguard under Hayes Corporation who killed Xenia Blackwood?
He abruptly broke into a cold sweat. 
“Mr. Hayes, she indeed died at the hands of a bodyguard from Hayes Corporation. Both Sharon Goldstein and I witnessed it. Mr. Hayes already gave orders not to make a move unless it was the last resort, so I am certain that my men didn’t do it. But you’re also now claiming…” 
“I had no idea of this matter, so how could it have been me?” 
This time, Frederick personally denied the allegation. 
His voice was filled with indignant fury, and his weathered face was flushed bright red. 
Once more, the living room plunged into silence. 
Due to the clearing of the air between two parties, the matter was now brought to light, making the atmosphere exceedingly strange. At the same time, a sense of spine-tingling chill hung in the air. 
Who was the real culprit if it was neither my men nor those from Hayes residence? Why did he masquerade as a bodyguard from Hayes Corporation? And what exactly is his motive? 
“Mr. Hayes, could it be a competitor of Hayes Corporation?” 
“Why would a competitor of Hayes Corporation involve the Blackwood family? The Blackwood family is already in tatters, so it wouldn’t yield any benefit to do so. If anyone were to be affected, then it’d be Sasha and Sebastian.” 
Frederick was rather perceptive, so he could tell right away that the matter would ultimately affect Sebastian and Sasha’s relationship. 
But then again, Xandra and her aunt, Kelly, who wanted to fragment their relationship, are now done for… So, who else could it be?
Frederick had no answer, so he could only heave a sigh in the end. “Alright, I’ll go and explain things to her tomorrow. She’s been a smart one since young, so she’ll probably understand easily enough.” 
“She won’t, Mr. Hayes,” Karl unexpectedly refuted. “To tell you the truth, Mr. Sebastian actually went into such a frenzy because Ms. Wand said that she’ll never again believe him.” 
“Why?” 
“Um… Because she said her entire life had been a lie after her parents were gone—you tricked her into marriage with the Hayes family when she was eighteen, and she was toyed around by Mr. Sebastian when she later came back. She said… she said she doesn’t want to see Mr. Sebastian anymore, never again for the rest of her life.” 
Karl articulated the conversation he heard at the hospital entrance back then. 
Of course, he still kept some things to himself, afraid that Frederick wouldn’t be able to take it if he were too blunt. 
Unfortunately, he didn’t realize that he had already revealed the most crucial part of it. Just as his words fell, Tim, who was standing at the side, noticed Frederick’s face draining of color before he stumbled back several steps on his cane. 
“A-Are you okay, Mr. Hayes?” 
He hurried forward to steady Frederick, only to discover that the elderly man was now cold all over in mere seconds, and even the arm in his hand was trembling. 
“Mr. Hayes…”
“She knows… she has finally found out the truth…” In the blink of an eye, Frederick’s voice seemed to have grown decades older, and he seemed so frail that it was as though he had been drained of all energy. 
When it came to Sasha, Sebastian’s remonstration of him after the Emmanuel family’s birthday party had actually struck his conscience. 
In reality, he didn’t really harbor zero guilt toward Sasha, nor was he totally unremorseful toward his best friend, Rufus. 
That wasn’t true at all, for it was the exact opposite. 
However, when it involved the safety of his son, Sebastian, sanity still took second fiddle. As such, it led him to commit mistake after mistake. 
It wasn’t until the day when Sebastian charged in and mocked him did he finally realize his blunder. 
Back then, Sebastian called him out for prioritizing him because he was his son when Rufus’ daughter was likewise precious to her father. And so, there was no reason to sacrifice someone else’s child for his own. 
It was from then that he slowly let go of the resentment he held toward Sasha and started to accept her. 
In fact, his visit to Frontier Bay that day was the best evidence. 
Nonetheless, a past mistake couldn’t be erased by all the kindness in the world. Sasha had lost too much because of him, and now, even the Blackwood family became part of the sacrifice. 
No matter the identity of the real culprit behind the murder of Xenia Blackwood, this matter was still linked to the Hayes family at the end of the day.
###Chapter 282
Chapter 282
The sky was brightly lid when Sebastian woke up. 
Where am I? 
He was knocked out, so he was lost for a moment when he woke up and saw the carved vintage canopy above his head. 
Shortly after, Frederick came in on his cane. When he saw that Sebastian was awake, he sat down at the head of the bed. 
“You’re awake? Are you hungry? Should I have Tim bring you some breakfast?” 
Sebastian said nothing as his consciousness gradually returned to him. 
In the next moment, his terrifyingly dark eyes instantly turned cold. He flipped open the covers and sat up to leave. 
Frederick merely observed him without making any move to stop him. 
But when the man got off the bed and bent down to put on his shoes, he slowly spoke while staring at his young back. “Don’t worry, for I already have people out there looking for Sasha. Also, I really didn’t send anyone to kill Jackson Blackwood’s daughter. I’ve always been a person who dares to admit my actions throughout the years, and you know that full well.” 
The moment his words fell, the young man who was bent over jolted. 
Truth be told, it appeared that he was contemplating the veracity of that statement. 
Seeing that, Frederick took out the CD he brought with him and held it out.
“If you don’t believe me, here’s the record of the whereabouts of everyone under my command last night. I had Tim compile it overnight, so you can take it home and see for yourself.” 
Still, he was greeted by silence. 
Sebastian cast a glance at the CD, but he didn’t take it. Instead, he lowered his head and continued putting on his shoes. 
Two minutes later, he was done wearing his socks and clothes. Only then did he turn around and look down at his father condescendingly with his usual handsome countenance. 
“Who was it if not you?” 
“I don’t know, but I’ve already ordered someone to investigate the matter. I gave it a lot of thought last night, and I realized that while the culprit seemed intent on driving a wedge between you and Sasha, he’s actually trying to damage my relationship with you. What do you think?” 
Despite being regarded with such derision, Frederick didn’t seem affected. His voice remained calm and gentle. 
However, his final comment seemed to have an underlying meaning to it, and one could even sense a faint chill emanating from it. 
Hah! Our relationship? 
Sebastian’s thin lips finally curved into a frosty arc. 
He was very emotional last night, so he didn’t consider that possibility. But it was a different story now that he was calm.
On second thought, that’s indeed true. However, the culprit was probably not vying for a physical or verbal conflict between us. Instead, it’s probably strife and dissension. 
“Was it those old shareholders again? Or was it those people from the Hayes family? Are they hoping to pull me down from the position of the heir of Hayes Corporation upon seeing that I’m relapsing again?” 
“Shut up!” Frederick’s veins throbbed at once. “I’ll investigate this matter, so you don’t have to worry about it anymore!” 
He truly abhorred hearing that since he had expended tremendous effort back then to put him into that position, both in dealing with the protestors and Sebastian himself. 
Subsequently, Sebastian started walking away. 
“Where are you going? Don’t go and look for Sasha, for I already have people looking for her. Go home. Wendy called this morning and said that the little girl fell sick after crying the entire night because she couldn’t find her mother. She has been sent to the hospital.” 
“What? The little girl is sick?” 
A trace of concern flashed across Sebastian’s face, and he quickly left. 
Vivian, on the other hand, was indeed sick. 
Nonetheless, she didn’t cry the entire night because she wanted her mother. Instead, it was because she was sick. 
“Why are you now only sending her to the hospital when she’s obviously been having an allergic reaction? Fortunately, it’s not severe, or it might be fatal!” the doctor chastised in distress upon seeing the rashes littering Vivian’s body when he was assigned to her case.
When Wendy heard that, guilt instantly flooded her. 
Oh God, I didn’t know she’s been having an allergic reaction! Besides, I didn’t give her anything weird last night. I just made some leek quiche which she ate. Does leek cause allergy? 
The doctor put Vivian on an IV drip. Finally, the child who had been wailing from the incessant itch fell asleep on the hospital bed from her exhaustion. 
Half an hour later, Sebastian arrived at the hospital. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. I didn’t know that it was an allergic reaction. I thought she was bitten by mosquitoes, so I kept trying to keep them at bay. I’m really sorry for not sending her to the hospital right away.” 
Brimming with self-recrimination and stark regret, Wendy apologized when she saw that her employer had arrived. 
An allergic reaction? 
Sebastian walked over to Vivian’s bed and took a gander. Upon seeing that her chubby face had grown much thinner within the span of a night, a wave of anguish inexorably swept over him. 
“Why did she suffer an allergic reaction? What did she eat? And didn’t her mother tell you about it previously?” 
“No, and she only ate a bit of leek quiche. The doctor confirmed that it was the cause. Mr. Hayes, is there actually someone who’s allergic to leek?” 
Unbidden, Sebastian was immediately rooted to the spot, shellshocked at the mention of that word. 
After all, he was also allergic to leek.
When he was young, his family once made calzone with leek. Finding it delicious, he ate a lot, and it ended up with him being sent to the hospital that day itself. 
After that, leek never again appeared in his house, nor did he ever eat calzone again. 
It was only after he had brought Sasha back from Clear that he finally started eating it once more since she always made it.
###Chapter 283
Chapter 283
“Are you the child’s parent?” 
While Sebastian was spacing out as he stood in front of Vivian’s hospital bed and stared at the medical chart, Vivian’s attending doctor came in. Upon seeing him, he asked that question. 
Putting down the medical chart, Sebastian nodded. “Yes. How is she doing right now?” 
“Her condition has stabilized now. This is her blood test report that just came out. Her blood type is very rare—RhB. Is the blood type of either you or her mother Rh?” 
The doctor handed him a blood test report. 
Hearing that, Sebastian was stunned for a moment. 
RhB? I know Sasha’s blood type is Rh, and Ian inherited it. But this little girl is actually RhB? For her blood type to be RhB, the father’s blood type must be B, theoretically speaking. Only then is there a high possibility of having a child with a blood type of that combination. And my blood type just happens to be B. 
Unwittingly, that thought flashed through his mind. 
“Mister? Are you okay?” 
There was a brief moment of silence before Sebastian gathered his wits about him. “I’m fine. To answer your question, her mother’s blood type is Rh.” Then, he took the blood test report in chagrin. 
Ugh! What has that got to do with me? Tens of thousands of men in this world have the blood type of B! I must have gotten my wires crossed to have such an absurd thought!
He didn’t pay more attention. Glancing at the watch on his wrist, he told Wendy to go back and take care of the other two children since it was getting late. 
Meanwhile, he stayed at the hospital and waited for Vivian to wake up. 
“Mommy…” 
Vivian’s sleep was fitful, and one could discern her discomfort every so often from the twitching of her red, swollen eyelids. Her petite mouth was in a moue as childish sobs escaped. 
Even in her dreams, she was calling out for her mother. 
Gah! Why are you still calling out to her? She doesn’t want you anymore! 
Irritation abruptly pervaded Sebastian again. It was as though a fist was squeezing his heart, the pain so great that he couldn’t quite breathe. 
Honestly speaking, he was actually aware that things were truly disastrous this time. 
After all, Sasha’s greatest attachment was the children. In the past, she never gave up battling him for them, even at the cost of her own life. 
Now, however, she simply left without any regard for the children. 
As Sebastian pinned his gaze on Vivian, his thin lips pressed into a white line. For a long time, he sat there staring at her face that resembled her mother’s without moving a muscle. 
When a mother and her daughter across them in the emergency room saw his dedication, they started talking about him. “He’s really a good father. It’s New Year’s Eve today, yet he’s keeping watch over his daughter in the hospital alone.” 
“Exactly! There are few young men who are so patient nowadays.”
“Oh, perhaps it’s not her father, but her uncle instead,” the young daughter mused. 
“How could he possibly be her uncle? He’s obviously her father. Look at her distinct resemblance with her father!” the mother countered. 
Nevertheless, the debate quickly ended when Vivian woke up. 
Sebastian didn’t hear a single word either since his mind had been otherwise occupied. 
“You’re awake? Are you feeling unwell anywhere?” 
When the man saw that the little girl was awake, he exhibited great patience. Getting to his feet, he approached the hospital bed and leaned down before Vivian, putting a hand on her forehead. 
As Vivian had just woken, her pale face still carried a pallid complexion. 
Nonetheless, her big eyes that resembled crystal marbles instantly lit up at the sight of Sebastian. “Is Mommy back, Uncle Sebastian? I want Mommy.” 
The moment she spoke, she asked for her mother, and her childish voice was thick with tears. 
All at once, Sebastian’s heart clenched. 
After a moment’s deliberation, he reached out and scooped her up from the hospital bed. “Your mommy has something to do, so she’s not here. But I promise she’ll come and visit you soon, Vivi.” 
“Really?” 
Despite being in his arms, Vivian’s aversion was much milder this time, perhaps because she was still feeling sick.
She stretched out her tiny arms and hooked them around his neck. 
Sebastian had never cradled her in such a manner. In the past, he either carried her or simply scooped her up with a hand out of distaste. But now, he suddenly had his arms full with a tiny and soft body. 
Out of the blue, a strong sense of resentment surged within him. 
Why? Why isn’t she my daughter? 
Half an hour later, they both left the hospital and went to a restaurant specializing in pastries and soups. 
“What would you like to have? I’ll order it for you.” 
“Are we going to see Mommy after we’re done eating?” Vivian was still tenaciously fixated on that question as she sat in the wooden high chair. 
The veins on Sebastian’s forehead throbbed, but he stifled his temper. 
Patiently, he continued cajoling her. “Of course! We’ll only have energy after eating, and that will keep her from realizing that you were sick. Don’t you agree, Vivi?” 
While Vivian said nothing, her big eyes sparkled as she felt that he indeed made sense. 
Thus, they ordered some food. The pastries and nourishing soups were served in no time, and Sebastian scooped the chicken soup that he had ordered specially for Vivian into a small bowl before placing it in front of her. 
Not only were the carrots and celery in the chicken soup nutritious, but they were also particularly beneficial for someone who had just suffered an allergic reaction. 
Having done so, Sebastian picked up his cutlery to eat.
But to his astonishment, Vivian started clumsily picking out the carrots one by one with the small spoon in her hand after having brought the bowl to closer herself with her fair and chubby hands.
###Chapter 284
Chapter 284
Sebastian was speechless. 
There was a moment when he felt like something had knocked his head hard. He stared at the carrots that were put aside, and for a long while, he couldn’t find the right words to say. 
Vivian saw that he was acting weird, so she tilted her tiny head up and asked in her baby voice, “Uncle Sebastian, what’s wrong?” 
Sebastian felt a bomb going off in his mind again. 
It took him a long while before he heard himself ask, “Why did you put the carrots aside? Do you not like them?” 
Vivian’s tiny head nodded before she claimed, “You’re right. I don’t like them. Mommy said that carrots are nutritious and told me to have more, but you have no idea how bad they taste.” 
Sebastian was speechless once again. 
Of course, he knew that those things taste horrible. He didn’t like carrots either. 
Sebastian’s fingers trembled. He felt like a bomb had gone off inside his chest, and his expression froze over as he stared at the tiny mountain of shredded carrots. 
Wild emotions swirled around in his eyes. 
His emotions were spiraling so quick and so out of control that even a tornado would be envious. 
In the end, the father-daughter duo didn’t finish their breakfast together because the guy was too excited. He hugged the kid and took her to the hospital again. 
He went straight to the relevant department to do a paternity test.
Sasha was already on the ship that would take her to a faraway country. 
She was well aware of that, and that was why she was practically up all night in her cabin. She had been sitting there like a statue and had been staring blankly at the dark waters outside her window. 
That “statue” remained stuck until the sun rose from the east and illuminated the sea. A silhouette entered the room with a bag. 
“D-did you not sleep the entire night? What the hell? Are you okay?” 
The first thing the visitor noticed was that Sasha had not moved a muscle since he left her alone the night before. The bed remained untouched as it sat at the side, and seeing that got the man’s pretty face to light up with anger. 
Yep, the man in question was Brandon. 
Sasha remained motionless. Perhaps it was because she had been staring out the window for too long, but she didn’t even bother turning around. 
It’ll only hurt if I try to move or turn around. 
Brandon was so angry that he was on the verge of going nuts. He had no choice but to toss aside the stuffs he brought along with him. After that, he went and got a basin of warm water for Sasha. 
“Come on, stop staring already! You’ve already decided to let go of everything, so don’t think about it anymore. I know Sebastian well. He may be cruel, but he will never hurt his kids.” 
Sasha didn’t reply. 
“Think about it. You have your own goals and purpose now. You have to get the Wand family back to the top and pay the Blackwood family back, so you shouldn’t think about anything else. Instead, you
should pick yourself up.” 
Brandon was patient as he tried to convince Sasha to get back up on her feet. 
Fortunately, the last bit of his words got through to her. Sasha’s dry lips quivered. She had been motionless for an entire night, but she finally turned around slowly. 
“You are right. I need to pick myself back up and make up for my past mistake,” murmured Sasha, before she grabbed the food from the table and shoved it into her mouth. 
Brandon was also worried when he saw her like that. He reminded, “Hey, calm down… and slow down.” 
Someday, I will die of worry because of this woman! 
Fortunately, Sasha became much more energetic after she had her breakfast, and she started behaving like a normal person again. 
“Remember the money I loan from you earlier? Have you handed the money to my uncle?” 
“Yes, I did. I even followed your weird request and pretended that the money was a loan from an old family friend of the Wand family,” replied Brandon in an irritated tone. 
He was truly annoyed when he delivered the money to the Blackwood residence. Sasha was the one who requested the loan because she wanted to help Jackson pull through that tough time. 
However, she worried that Jackson would refuse to accept the money from her, so she had no choice but to make all that arrangements. 
Huh!
Sasha turned pale again. It took her some time before she continued, “What about my other request? Have you found any other members of the Wand family?” 
Brandon nodded again and replied, “Yeah, but there are only few members around. I looked for days, but the only person I can find is your cousin from your father’s side.” 
“Yeah, there’s not many members of the Wand family around,” replied Sasha. 
Sorrow and grief donned her pale face as she parted her lips and spoke earlier. 
I guess that makes sense. If we had more family members, it would not have been that difficult for us to find someone to help us out when we were in trouble. 
Our legacy would not end so badly if we had just a little more people in our network. 
Sasha looked out the window again. Perhaps it was because Brandon informed Sasha that he had found someone, but Sasha’s gaze was no longer as blank as it used to be. 
Her eyes glowed with just a little more hope and a tad more persistence. 
Two days later, Sasha arrived at Clear, and with the help of her friend, Willow, Sasha emerged once more as a new person. She even broke into the finance industry. 
However, she didn’t expect to bump into someone she knew on the very first day she joined Willow to attend a banquet hosted for those in the finance industry. I can’t believe I bumped into Solomon, who I have not seen in ages! 
“Nancy, what a coincidence. Are you back for good? Why didn’t you tell me about it? I actually thought you are still in Avenport.”
Solomon still had the same glasses on, even though he had changed his style and was wearing a tuxedo. The expression on his handsome face changed when he saw Sasha there, and his gaze rippled with a sweet emotion. He immediately left the date he took to the party and approached Sasha and Willow.
###Chapter 285
Chapter 285
Sasha was stunned. 
Yep, even she found it strange. What is he doing here? Shouldn’t he be in Avenport and working at Prime Cloud Corporation? 
Sasha saw how happy the guy was when he saw her, so she thought that it wasn’t right for her to comment on anything. She simply grinned and replied, “Yeah, I just got back. What about you? What brought you here?” 
“Me?” blurted Solomon. His shoulders slumped down as a bitter smile crept up. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
A revelation suddenly hit her, and she discovered something. At that moment, she couldn’t stop herself from saying, “Are you here because of me? Did Sebastian chase you away?” 
Solomon shook his hands and denied, “No, not at all. The truth is that I have been thinking about leaving that place for a while now. Progress there is slow, and it was affecting my career, so I moved back here.” 
The way he said everything… His words may sound innocent from the surface, but he is obviously confirming my suspicion in the most blatant way. 
F*ck! 
Are men nowadays all such assh*les? 
Brandon, who had been drinking and enjoying himself some distance away, almost spat in disgust. 
Naturally, Sasha caught that as well. She was even angrier.
“That freaking j*rk Sebastian Hayes! He’s always doing inhumane sh*ts. I am so sorry, Solomon. This is all my fault. I didn’t know that he would do something like that, and I got you in trouble.” 
“It’s fine. By the way, do you have any special reason for coming to this party? If not, I can introduce you to some of my friends hanging out over there.” 
“What friends are you talking about?” 
“They’re not celebrities or anything, but they are all businessmen. Getting to know them can help you down the road if you plan on working in Clear as a doctor. I’m sure they can look out for you and send business your way.” 
Solomon was suddenly chatting sweetly. His lips were curved into a small grin, and his aura was warm. He was an absolute gentleman at that moment. 
Sasha’s eyes glowed. 
Businessmen? No, I don’t need them to come to me as patients. What I need is for them to teach me how to run a business. 
Sasha ended up holding her glass of wine and following Solomon along to go meet his friends. 
Willow didn’t think it was appropriate to tag along because it was a private social call. Hence, she held her glass of wine and turned around to head over to the other side. She was surprised to see an extremely handsome but gloomy face almost immediately after. 
“Who the hell is that? What is his intention with my little idiot?” 
It was Brandon!
Willow’s eye twitched as she stared at his downright grouchy expression. She demanded, “Your little idiot? When did the two of you become so close? Who do you think she is to you?” 
Brandon shifted his gaze. There was a moment when his mesmerizing eyes swept past Willow’s face. One look was all it took to knock her off her feet a little. 
“Oh, why do you care? Stop being so nosy. I will say this, though. That punk better not have any funny ideas or I will make him suffer!” spat Brandon before he left in a puff. 
Sometimes, a man’s instinct was pretty accurate when he read another man. 
Sasha ended up meeting the most prestigious guests that night, thanks to Solomon’s introductions. It just so happened that those were the very people she needed to meet the most. 
Hence, Sasha was ecstatic. She kept sharing her stories with Willow and Brandon as they went home together. 
She spoke all the way home. When she opened her front door, she suddenly realized that a tall man was sitting on her sofa with his legs crossed. 
“Leaving me makes you that happy, huh?” 
Only a small lamp was turned on, so it didn’t illuminate the place much. It was quite the contrary. The dark environment engulfed most parts of the figure and made him look especially terrifying. 
It was as if he had just crawled out of the darkness. 
Sasha felt all of her limbs going cold. She hadn’t even registered what had happened before she stumbled backwards a few steps. Then… Bang! She fell right at the side of the door. 
The man inside the house was speechless.
She’s actually afraid of me? It’s only been a few days, but she’s already mastered how to flirt and chat happily with other men. Then, to add insult to injury, she acts like she has seen a ghost when she sees me? 
The man had been suppressing his emotions for a while by then. His fury and viciousness finally revealed themselves. He glared at the woman, who looked horrified, and sprang up from the sofa. 
“What? Sasha Wand. Are you afraid of me?” 
Sasha didn’t reply. 
Her first instinct was to panic and scan the room. 
Of course, I’m afraid of you! 
She cut off all connections with him at the very second she discovered the truth. Still, she was terrified of him. She worried that he would drag her back and make it so that she could never leave or see the light of day again. 
If that actually happened, then there would be nothing else she could do. 
She would not be able to build the Wand family back up, nor could she compensate the Blackwood family for the mistakes she made. 
Sasha glared at the man that seemed like a malicious spirit that was there to haunt her. It took her some time, but she eventually suppressed the terror in her heart and spat through her teeth, “What are you doing here? Are you here to take me back? Well, then let me tell you something. I will not grant you that wish, so you will just have to drag my body over!” 
Sebastian’s irises narrowed rapidly.
###Chapter 286
Chapter 286
She’s actually threatening me with her life? 
The man rushed there overnight, and at that moment, he felt so sorrowful that it imprinted into his very bones. Then, he hovered over that woman. His dark brown eyes carried no warmth and the menacing danger was the only thing those eyes exuded. 
“You are so adamant about leaving me now. Have you forgotten how you went all out and tried to court me in the past?” 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
Her entire body trembled, and her pretty face paled even more. 
She remembered that all too well. 
That was why she hated herself at that moment. If she could turn back time, she would never have acted that way. 
Anger and humiliation maxed out in Sasha’s heart. Her eyes glowed with pain and regret when she replied, “How could I forget that, Sebastian Hayes? For you, I abandoned everything, including the Wand family, the Blackwood family, and myself. Are you reminding me of that past because you want to know why I insist on torturing myself over and over again?” 
Sebastian didn’t know what to say. 
He was stunned and immediately wanted to say that wasn’t what he meant. 
Unfortunately, the woman in front of him suddenly developed a surprising strength. She pushed him away.
“It’s good that you’re here today. We can take this opportunity to clear the air. From now on, Sebastian Hayes, we are nothing but strangers. I will ask my lawyer to send you the divorce papers, so you can leave now.” 
Sasha was especially mean and cruel when she said that last sentence. 
This woman… she no longer fears me, and she does not panic anymore. Her tone is even as she spoke, and her eyes glow like she is an entirely different person. 
Sebastian’s expression suddenly became downright terrifying. 
The only reason it took him that long to reach her was because he wanted to give her some time to think. Everybody makes stupid mistakes when they act impulsively. That is why I am willing to wait and give her some time. 
What Sebastian never anticipated was that even after waiting patiently for a few days, she still said something that cruel. 
Am I really that unforgivable? Even if the matter with Xenia is just a misunderstanding? Am I guilty even though I had nothing to do with what my father did? 
Sebastian was utterly disappointed. His face had a grouchy expression on, and it was almost visibly turning paler. It was clear that his suppressed emotions were acting up and threatening to break free. 
“Are you still hung up on the incident involving Xenia? If so, let me share something with you. I have investigated the matter, and my father is innocent!” 
“None of that is important, Sebastian. I am tired. I no longer want to have anything to do with the Hayes, and my only wish is that I can build the Wand family back up. My dad will be out soon.” 
“What about the kids? Do you not want to have anything to do with them anymore as well?”
Sasha hesitated. It seemed she had gathered a lot of courage when she closed her eyes, and her pale lips said, “No, I don’t. They’re all yours now.” 
The aura in the room froze over. 
How disappointed and tired did a person have to be to say something like that? 
The man started breaking down. 
He had always been the one to determine others’ fate and could do whatever he wanted. However, at that moment, hearing those words… it felt like something was slipping out of his control, and it frightened him to his core. 
His fingers were trembling. 
She’s actually abandoning the kids! They were her everything… 
Sasha had been waiting for his response. Unfortunately, she couldn’t see his expression in the dark and could only detect his movement. 
What she saw was that he had remained motionless. 
I guess that makes sense. Why would he do anything? He’s probably ecstatic now. All three kids are with him, and he has everything now. 
Sasha grinned bitterly and turned around. 
“Where are you going?” 
To Sasha’s surprise, the man reached out and grabbed her as soon as she moved. His hold on her was so strong that she frowned in discomfort.
“You don’t get to care about where I’m headed. Let me go!” 
“Not even in your dreams. I’m warning you, Sasha. You are mine, and you will remain that way unless I give you permission to leave. If not, you will be mine forever!” 
The man with bloodshot eyes howled. He was like an untamed beast that had been infuriated, and he shoved her to the side of the door before he planted countless kisses on her. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She was stunned for a second before she struggled and demanded, “Mmm… Sebastian Hayes… You… Assh*le! Let me go.” 
He was the poison she should never touch. That was what Sasha convinced herself of. It took her so long to accept that truth, and she refused to make the same mistake again. 
Unfortunately, the more she struggled, the wilder he got. 
It eventually got to the point where he carried her and walked into the bedroom right away! 
At Prime Cloud Corporation’s Headquarter in Clear. 
Solomon tossed his coat and slumped down on the sofa aside as soon as he got back. 
He had too much to drink that night, and it was likely that he wouldn’t make it home if he hadn’t pushed hard. 
His assistant went over at that moment. Seeing that scenario got the dutiful assistant to hurry over and pour Solomon a glass of warm water. 
“Mr. George, are you okay? Why did you drink so much? You can’t hold your drink very well.”
The assistant felt bad upon seeing Solomon like that because the two of them had been working together for a while. 
Solomon, however, smiled. He rested on the sofa and tilted his head up to look at the ceiling. He seemed utterly satisfied. 
“I was happy, so I drank a little more.” 
“Happy? Is it because of Ms. Nancy? Did she finally show up?” 
“Yes, she did.” 
Solomon didn’t deny anything. He picked up the glass of water his assistant got him and downed it in one gulp.
###Chapter 287
Chapter 287
The assistant was speechless. 
What could he say, anyway? His boss had always been smart and diligent, except when things involved a particular woman. That was when Solomon would act completely out of character. 
The situation at the time, for example, was something the assistant simply couldn’t understand. Why would he jump through so many hoops for that one woman? 
“Is everything done? I have been gathering information lately, and it seems that Ms. Nancy is actually thinking about stepping back into the finance industry. The Leonard family, who she collaborated with previously, had fallen. It is likely that she will need someone who is even more powerful to rise back up to the top.” 
“Yeah, that’s why I drank so much tonight,” muttered the man before he smiled once more. 
He had rarely been that happy. Although he grinned often and sounded cheery when he spoke to others, he rarely smiled genuinely. 
The assistant stopped talking and started packing up to get ready and leave. 
“By the way, is there any interesting place nearby? Make the necessary arrangements. I will take Nancy and some friends out tomorrow to hang out together.” 
“Understood.” 
The assistant turned around and took one look at Solomon before making a mental note of the matter. 
He works so hard and so carefully to court this woman. If only he is as hardworking at his job…
The next morning soon rolled by and Solomon got the booking number for a country club. What no one expected was that when Solomon called Sasha to invite her out, she rejected him. 
“Sorry, Solomon. Today is… Something came up, and I can’t hang out anymore.” 
Sasha had a tough time rejecting Solomon’s invitation at the time. If her action wouldn’t get the blanket off of her naked body, Sasha would’ve truly wanted to kick the man beside her off of the bed. 
Je*k! 
Hearing that response instantly got Solomon disappointed. He asked, “Can’t you postpone that? It is rare that my friends gathered over today. Andy Rind, in particular, is usually busy because he plays a major role in Wall Street.” 
Sasha said nothing. She hesitated. 
Before she got to say anything, a huge palm slipped to her side and caressed her before pulling her into a hug. Sasha’s entire body instantly trembled, and she was affected so much that even her voice seemed off. “N-no,” replied Sasha, “Let’s meet up some other time…” 
“Meet up? Where? And with who? It’s so early in the morning. Are you heading out to flirt with that guy again? Did I not satisfy you last night?” 
The sexy and deep voice of a man came from the other side of the line, and that got Solomon to clench his fist. 
He hadn’t had the chance to get to the bottom of the issue before Sasha hung up. Hence, Solomon gripped his phone as he stared at the scrumptious breakfast in front of him. He smashed the phone onto the floor at the very next second and got it to break in two. 
“What’s wrong?” asked the assistant, who hurried over after hearing the noise.
Solomon, however, never answered. 
He stared ahead, and his gaze was murderous and wild, like a tsunami. 
Sebastian Hayes! 
Yep, he guessed right. The person who interrupted and cut the phone call short was none other than Sebastian. 
However, justice was served. Sasha had already kicked the perpetrator off of the bed. After a night of intense love-making, she kicked the annoying man off the bed before he could act up again and demand more time together. 
“Get the f*ck out of here!” 
Sebastian didn’t respond. 
After a night like that, any man would be in a good mood, and Sebastian was so delighted that he wasn’t angry despite being kicked out of the bed. 
“Fine, I’ll f*ck out of here, but… shouldn’t you get me something to wear?” 
“Excuse me?” 
“Look! You tore my clothes off yesterday, and it’s in shreds now. You don’t expect me to walk out of here like this, do you? I don’t mind at all, but you’re renting this place, and who knows what the owner would think of you?” 
That freaking pe*vert! He actually stood up as he spoke and revealed himself completely in front of me. 
When Sasha’s gaze swept past his exposed private part, her blood rushed right to her head and got her to blush hard. At that moment, she was tempted to gauge her eyes out and just live blindly!
“Sebastian Hayes, you freaking…. Ugh, just you wait, I will castrate you, you lunatic!” 
After saying her piece, Sasha used the blanket to shield herself and fled. 
The naked man remained standing there. His smile became brighter because his tease was successful. 
Going against me? You’re bound to lose! 
Sasha had no idea where she could go after she ran out of the house. She ended up going to Willow’s place. 
Willow was still making breakfast when she suddenly saw a disheveled Sasha rushing in. That surprised Willow, and she blurted, “Nancy? What brought you here? Why were you running this early in the morning? Were you chased by a ghost or something?” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Ghost? Hell no, the thing that is after me is a monster that is much scarier than ghosts! 
Sasha took some time to calm herself down before she entered the place while ignoring the discomfort on a certain part of her body. 
“I’m fine. What are you cooking? Is Brandon up? He’s going to go pick Lance up today, so let’s not be late.” 
“How would I know if he’s up? He locked himself in the room and played video games all night after he got back. Who knows when he went to bed?” replied Willow as she glared angrily at the second floor. 
Willow let Brandon stay in her place because Sasha’s place was too cramped, and the buses didn’t go to that region.
Unfortunately, the second son of the Emmanuel family was like a kid who didn’t know how to behave. He was already in his twenties, but Matilda had been spoiling him since he was a kid. Moreover, his uncle had been playing favorites with him whenever he visited, so he remained immature. 
Despite being an adult, the guy still didn’t understand responsibilities and discipline. He stubbornly played and messed around whenever he wanted. 
Sasha shook her head. In the end, she had no choice but to walk up the stairs.
###Chapter 288
Chapter 288
“Brandon? Are you awake? It’s time to go pick Lance up.” 
No one spoke. 
Sasha knocked on the door for quite some time before she heard a groggy voice saying, “Got it.” 
Sasha didn’t leave until she heard his reply. 
When it came to Lance, Sasha’s plan went as follows. He was willing to follow her lead, so she will make him begin as her assistant. She planned on making a killing in the finance industry, then had Lance manage the money she made. 
I heard that the kid majored in accounting when he was in university. 
Brandon left the house an hour later. 
To his surprise, someone blocked the road while he was on his way over. 
“Holy f*ck, when did you get here? Darn it, we’re already ridiculously careful at covering our tracks. How did you find us so quickly? Do you have super hearing or something?” 
Brandon cussed aloud as soon as he saw who the person was. 
Sebastian scoffed. He didn’t say anything. Instead, he flicked his finger and got several men in black to show up behind him. They rushed toward Brandon immediately after. 
F*ck! He’s not going to kill me, is he? 
Brandon was frightened. He opened the door to his car, got out, and admitted defeat right away. “My dear, sweet cousin, w-what are you doing? I-I’ve never done anything to hurt you before.”
“You kidnapped my wife. Does that not count as hurting me?” 
“What? She’s your wife? No way! She’s just your ex-wife,” complained Brandon aloud. He refused to accept the fake crime that was forced onto him. 
The part that got Brandon utterly hopeless, however, was when Sebastian toss him a booklet after hearing his protest. 
“Take a good, long look at the valid marriage certificate. Is she my ex-wife?” 
Brandon could no longer speak. His handsome face instantly lost its colors, and it was as if someone had sucked the life out of him. 
They’re married? Then w-why would he treat her like that? Does he not know how much she had sacrificed for him? 
Brandon’s eyes reddened with tears. He recalled that fateful night when Sasha went to look for him. She looked drained and sorrowful. A sharp pain tugged at Brandon’s heart upon recalling that memory, and immense fury rose. 
“Fine, so she’s not your ex-wife, but that doesn’t mean you get to treat her like this. She is a human being. She’s not an inanimate that has no feelings! What gives you the right to hurt her repeatedly?” 
Sebastian was speechless. 
He narrowed his eyes and scanned the man, who roared and scolded him. 
If I am right, this cousin of mine has finally lost his last brain cell. How dare he fall for my wife?
Sebastian walked over and hovered over Brandon. The former wasn’t angry, but his handsome face exuded a chilly aura that told the latter to back off. 
“That was just a misunderstanding. I came to talk to her to solve the issue.” 
“A misunderstanding? You killed her uncle’s daughter! How is that a misunderstanding?” challenged Brandon before he scoffed. 
The vein on Sebastian’s head was jumping, and he almost couldn’t contain his anger. 
This jacka*s really needs a good beating. He took my wife away multiple times! Who the hell gave him permission to do so? 
Sebastian was mostly jealous, though. And that woman actually regards him as the person she trusts the most. She went to him whenever our arguments spiraled out of control! 
Sebastian forced himself to calm down before he did anything else. 
“I’ve done my part and told you that I am innocent. I don’t care if you believe me. All I want to know is what she has been doing lately. What is her plan?” 
“Pfft, you’re asking me? Too bad I won’t tell…” 
Brandon didn’t get to say that last word because someone had dragged him out of the car. It was obvious that the men in black that Sebastian brought with him were all highly trained. 
What the hell? 
“Mr. Emmanuel, you better answer Mr. Hayes question without delay or you will never see Mrs. Emmanuel or your brother and his family ever again,” threatened the man in black as he whispered in an icy tone.
Brandon heard everything and was instantly infuriated. 
This f*cking assh*le! 
Unfortunately, Brandon was too cowardly to do anything. It seemed that Sebastian was the only one in the family who could scare Brandon. 
Gah, I am so f*cking mad! 
In the end, Brandon was dragged into a cafe where he was forced to share Sasha’s plan with Sebastian. 
“She won’t do anything to hurt Hayes Corporation. All she wants is to go back into the finance industry and help rebuild the Wand family. Why would someone like her, who doesn’t have a mean bone in her body, go after Hayes Corporation?” 
Brandon’s last sentence was nothing more than an angry interrogation. 
Sebastian’s expression froze over. He couldn’t speak. 
Brandon is right. That woman doesn’t have a mean bone in her body, but… she wants to work in the finance industry again! 
Sebastian’s expression turned grim. 
“Is she going at it alone?” 
“Who else can she do it with? Do you not think that she can do it on her own? Hah! If so, then you are sadly mistaken. You have no idea what her true strength is or what she is capable of!” 
Sebastian was rendered speechless once more.
Naturally, Sebastian knew what Sasha was truly capable of. 
What upset him was the fact that Brandon knew everything that Sebastian had just recently learned. Were they already that close back in the days? 
Sebastian couldn’t contain his emotions as jealousy ran wild again. 
“So what if she is skilled? The finance industry is not an industry where anyone can just thrive in. She cooperated with the Leonard family in the past, but that was only because she was lucky. She’d need a lot of money to use as capital if she really wants to jump back into it.”
###Chapter 289
Chapter 289
Sebastian’s tone was extremely vicious, and his expression was grouchier than anyone had ever seen. 
Brandon knew nothing about stocks and investment, but seeing Sebastian’s expression still scared Brandon. 
“W-what does that mean? Is it still difficult for her to venture into the field even though she is skilled?” 
“What do you think?” 
Sebastian, who had reached the epitome of his anger, scoffed aloud. 
Brandon became quiet. 
He honestly knew nothing about finance, but his cousin, the man standing right in front of him, managed Hayes Corporation’s matters daily. He defeated countless brokers and experts, so he must know a lot about it. 
Many claimed that investment was a tool to help others grow and manage their wealth. 
The truth was that investment was just a way of profiting off of other’s misfortune. Those with the analytical skills would often try to sneak into legitimate, large-scale corporations. Once they were on the inside, they would milk the corporation dry. 
That was why there were special departments within most large-scale companies. These departments’ primary task was to keep those parasites away from the company. 
A multinational corporation like Hayes Corporation attracted many parasites, and they had to deal with every single one of them.
Brandon didn’t know what Sebastian was really talking about, but the latter’s expression was too serious. Hence, he said, “You don’t need to worry that much either. Last night, we went to a party hosted for workers in the finance industry. Sasha was pretty lucky and found someone she could work with.” 
“Who did she find?” 
“I think his name is Andy Rind. Do you know the guy?” 
“Andy Rind?” blurted Sebastian. His expression turned even worse, and his gaze became icier than it initially was. 
“Andy Rind? She actually knows the guy? Who introduced him to her?” 
“A lawyer named Solomon. W-what is up with you this time? Why do you look like you want to kill someone? Is it a trick? Is she in danger?” asked Brandon, who couldn’t stop worrying upon seeing Sebastian’s expression. 
However, Sebastian didn’t reply. At that moment, his expression could only be described as nerve- wrecking. He is so scary, thought Brandon. 
Andy Rind was actually the biggest player in Wall Street. 
He didn’t play by the rules, though. Instead, he hired countless subordinates to manipulate the share prices from behind the scenes. He truly was a monster in that field. 
Andy even made Hayes Corporation suffer a sizeable loss when Frederick was still the person-in- charge. 
Yet, that woman got acquainted with him.
Solomon George! He definitely knows all about that past. 
Back in Avenport, I almost destroyed Sasha because of what he did. 
I thought he has accepted his defeat and left with his head down. Who would’ve thought that he ended up hiding here? Did that woman get in touch with him before she came over? 
Sebastian was uncomfortable when he heard about how someone else was helping the love of his life. Hearing that name exacerbated that feeling, and his expression could only be described as catastrophic. 
Crack! The coffee mug Sebastian held in his hand cracked under the force of his grip. 
Seeing that got Brandon to jump in fear. He asked, “What the hell? You’re not going to kill him or anything, right?” 
Surprisingly, Brandon knew his cousin quite well. 
Sebastian tossed an evil glare over and asked, “Am I not allowed to do so?” 
F*ck! 
Brandon almost fell from his chair. 
“Of course not! Did you hit your head or something? Have you gone nuts? Do you think Sasha will ever forgive you if you kill him? She’ll flip out and come murder you herself!” 
Those words were too impactful, and Sebastian practically reacted to it in an instant. He stared at Brandon and felt something stuck in his throat and chest. 
She would kill me for that stupid, good-for-nothing Solomon George?
Sebastian felt that someone had mercilessly stabbed his heart. He didn’t want to admit it, but given the situation at that time, it was likely that Brandon was right. 
It doesn’t even matter if we had just slept together last night. 
Hopelessness washed over Sebastian like an angry tsunami and overwhelmed him. The all-powerful man’s fingers actually trembled slightly in fear upon coming to that conclusion. 
He had never felt that powerless before. 
“I understand that you are worried, but you shouldn’t act impulsively, unless you want Sasha to cut all ties with you. You’re a smart guy. Is there really no other way to solve the matter?” advised Brandon, whose heart softened at the end of the day. 
Sebastian remained quiet for a long time. 
He sat there until Sasha called Brandon to ask if he had already picked Lance up. 
Brandon replied, “I’ll be there soon. I’m on my way over now, and I’ll call you once I pick him up. By the way, do you know what your cousin looks like? If so, please send me a photo,” said Brandon to get Sasha to send him a photo. 
Sebastian, who had been sitting idly at the side, suddenly reacted upon hearing a particular word. His eyes glowed. 
“Cousin?” asked Sebastian after Brandon had hung up. 
As Brandon packed up, he answered, “We were talking about her uncle’s son. The boy’s name is Lance, and she wants to train him, so that they could rebuild the Wand family together.” 
Sebastian didn’t comment.
That… is actually a pretty good idea. 
Trustworthy aides are essential for the success of a family business, and family members are, no doubt, the best choice. 
Training… does that mean he will be staying by her side 24/7? 
The hopeless and grouchy man that had been sitting at the side suddenly became inspired. His gaze brightened. 
“You don’t need to go pick him up anymore. I’ll do it.”
###Chapter 290
Chapter 290
“Huh?” blurted Brandon as his beautiful eyes instantly bulged. He asked, “You’re going to go pick the guy up? W-what are you planning to do?” 
“I want to meet him and see if he is worthy of rebuilding and being a successor to the Wand family’s legacy.” 
The man, who had regained his composure, left Brandon with a simple answer. 
Naturally, Brandon wouldn’t keep asking after hearing what Sebastian said. 
This cousin of mine might be an idiot sometimes, but he is rather good at judging a person. 
Sasha waited for three long hours before she met her cousin. 
She was infuriated when she did. 
“What the hell, Brandon? Why did it take you so long to go pick him up? I thought that something had happened, and I got so worried!” 
Brandon’s scalp went tingly. 
He saw how angry she was and knew that there was no other way out, so he confessed, “I ran into Sebastian. That assh*le actually managed to track us all the way here. You don’t have to worry, though. He left, and I never told him that you are here.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
She stared at the man in front of her and was at a total loss of words. 
That scum found me ages ago and even spent the night torturing me. Is Brandon really so innocent that he actually thinks his shutting up would p*prevent Sebastian from locating me?
Sasha simply didn’t know how to respond to that. 
The two of them were at an impasse when Lance walked over timidly and asked, “Uh, Sha, where should I put my luggage?” 
“Oh, that? Just hand it over to Willow. That reminds me. You must be hungry now. We’ve already made lunch, so I’ll get it for you now, okay?” 
Hearing her cousin call out to her made Sasha sniffle a little. Her attention was shifted to her cousin right away. 
The tall young man was still innocent because he hadn’t worked or set foot in the corporate world yet. How did he behave? 
Well, he was obedient and listened to Sasha. As requested, he went to wash his hands before having his lunch. 
Willow praised the guy when she saw how he acted. She commented, “He’s a good kid.” 
That got Sasha even happier. 
Her uncle was actually on pretty good terms with her immediate family. Sasha remembered how when she was still living in her family home, he used to drop by to help them out a lot. 
Sasha didn’t go back to her own place that night. 
She worried that she would see Sebastian there again and end up being badgered for the entire night. Hence, she used her cousin as an excuse and shamelessly stayed the night at Willow’s place. 
What Sasha didn’t realize, however, was that no one was actually staying in her place that night. 
A week later, Solomon finally convinced Sasha to follow him over to Moranta to meet Andy.
Sasha actually knew about Andy. She might’ve only helped the Leonard family out back in the days as a favor, but she was extremely sensitive about financial news. Her instinct would prompt her to pay attention to the happenings within the industry. 
That was why she knew about Andy Rind of Wall Street. 
She knew that he was a Wall Street titan, and she was aware that he only recruit talented people like her to make them work for his own benefit. However, what they actually do behind the scenes? Sasha was smart, and she could guess it right away. 
However, none of that mattered to her. 
After the incident with the Leonard family, her alias, Nancy, was practically blacklisted in the finance industry. 
That was why the only way she could make it big was to align herself with someone like Andy. 
Sasha brought Lance along. 
At first, she planned on taking Brandon and Willow along as well, but Brandon needed to go shoot a movie, so he left. Similarly, Willow had to clock in, so she couldn’t make it either. Hence, only the cousins went over. 
“Nancy, would you like the window seat? If I remember correctly, you get a little airsick.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was about to take a seat when she suddenly heard Solomon offering to switch seats. She couldn’t help feeling a little touched because she tended to get airsick.
That was when Lance, who had been following them around, asked timidly and suddenly, “Sha, c-can I sit next to you? I’m a little acrophobic.” 
“Oh, I see. No problem. Just sit next to me.” 
Sasha was quick to change her mind and took her cousin to go sit in the middle aisle where the two of them could sit together. 
Solomon was about to earn some brownie points, so at that moment, he looked grouchy. 
It didn’t take long before he regained his footing, though. He knew that the young man was Sasha’s cousin, so there was no need for Solomon to feel threatened. 
The group reached Moranta soon after. 
Solomon might just be a lawyer, but his network was still pretty incredible. It wasn’t convenient to go to Andy’s place, which was secluded, so Solomon took everyone to a friend’s house instead. 
“Don’t worry, guys. My friend is a businessman, and he knows many people from Wall Street. It will be much more convenient to go to Andy’s place if we are staying in my friend’s house.” 
“Okay.” 
Sasha didn’t really mind, so she was quick to agree to Solomon’s suggestion. 
Lance followed along obediently after Sasha agreed to it. 
However, when the cousins reached the place, Sasha worried about Lance because he couldn’t speak the language. She thought it would be difficult for him to communicate with others, so she had him stay in the room right beside hers. 
The abandoned Solomon didn’t know what to say.
“Thanks, Solomon. Should I help you carry your luggage? I am very strong.”
###Chapter 291
Chapter 291
Lance was a good kid. When he saw Solomon, who had been helping them, stand there idly, he immediately rushed over to help him with the luggage. 
Solomon gritted his teeth, but he managed to swallow his fury in the end. 
“It’s fine. I can carry the bag myself. Lennie, I have to go to Mr. Rind’s place with your cousin tomorrow. Will you be okay with staying here a little and rest?” 
“Sure, Solomon. Please take care of Sha in my place.” 
Lance sweetly agreed to it after hearing that suggestion. 
Solomon grinned in satisfaction after hearing that. He took his luggage and went to his room. 
I was worried that the kid would want to tag along. Andy is not an ordinary guy, and he will surely be upset if I bring that many people over. 
The most important bit, however, was that Solomon wanted to spend some alone time with the lady. He had been waiting and planning for so long, so how could he ever let that opportunity slip out of his hands? 
That night, all three of them slept well. 
The next morning. 
As expected, Solomon saw that Sasha was up early and was helping the lady of the house with making breakfast. The two women were mingling well together. 
“Nancy, you’re up early,” commented Solomon. 
He was delighted to see that scene, so he headed over to the dining table right away.
Sasha grinned at him. She replied, “Yeah, we’re going to visit Mr. Rind today, right? That’s why I got up early. Have you freshened up? If so, come and have breakfast.” 
“Okay, coming,” said Solomon. His eyes were brimming with happiness as he walked over and pulled out a chair to sit down. 
He thought that Sasha would sit down and have breakfast with him as well, but she suddenly put her cutlery down. She stared impatiently at the room on the second floor. 
“Why hasn’t Lance come for breakfast? It’s late.” 
“Huh?” blurted Solomon. His expression shifted a little before he said, “Maybe he’s still sleeping? How about we count him out today? We’ll drop by Mr. Rind’s place first, and we’ll take Lance with us after we become a part of Wall Street.” 
“No, that won’t do. Mr. Rind is an important and powerful figure, so I must take Lance along. That way, Lance can learn more from the side.” 
After saying her piece, Sasha walked to the stairs and shouted toward the room. She said, “It’s time to wake up, Lance. We’re going out after we have our breakfast.” 
Solomon was completely speechless. 
He had just taken a bite of his toast, and hearing those words almost made him choke on it. 
Darn it, I just can’t catch a break! 
In the end, all three of them left the house together. 
Perhaps it was because it was the first time Lance met a powerful figure, but the young recent graduate showed signs of being under tremendous stress. He kept holding on to his cousin the entire way over.
“Don’t worry. There’s a first time for everything. You’ve already decided to fight along my side, so be brave, okay?” 
“Okay.” 
The young man actually had a great voice when he tried to stay calm like that. He sounded like an adult and had a deep, magnetic voice that could swoon young ladies. 
Solomon was in the front seat and driving the car. He was ever so jealous, but there was absolutely nothing he could do. 
The three of them reached the house of the renowned Wall Street titan, Andy Rind, soon after. 
That was a villa that was several times more luxurious than Raymond’s place. It had Erihalian designs. Gold-trimmed roses donned the entire corridor, and exquisite plants filled the front lawn. 
Sasha had expected the man to be rich, but she was still flabbergasted when she saw how luxurious his place was. 
“Hi, we are here to visit Mr. Rind.” 
Solomon became more respectful when he came. He handed over his name card as well as a token that Andy entrusted him with some time ago. Solomon watched as the bodyguard had the token delivered over. 
Sasha suddenly became suspicious when she saw that from the other side. 
“Solomon, how did you know Mr. Rind? Aren’t you a lawyer?” 
“Huh?” blurted the man. His expression shifted slightly before he answered, “Oh, it is because of that that I know him.”
“What?” 
“Yeah, that is a little confusing. Let me explain. I have a friend who hired me to handle a finance-related case some time ago, and that case got me a little famous. That is how I ended up meeting Mr. Rind.” 
After regaining his composure, Solomon spoke calmly, like he was sharing the simplest story of all times. 
Sasha finally understood what was going on. 
That makes sense. There are a lot of financial dispute cases. 
The three of them waited for about ten minutes before the bodyguard returned and informed, “Okay, you may all enter now. Andy is waiting for you in the garden.” 
“Okay, thanks.” 
Solomon was instantly thankful. 
He took Sasha and Lance into the house. 
That was when Sasha saw that the place was so luxurious that it was practically impossible to describe. She even noticed that the pebbles on the floor were not ordinary rocks. 
They’re glittering a little… almost like they’re crystals. Holy cr*p! Yep, investment is definitely the way to make money. 
Upon seeing everything, Sasha became more certain of her future path. 
They walked for another ten minutes or so before they finally saw a place that resembled a garden. Sasha was delighted and was about to pick up her pace when she suddenly heard a dog
barking. Woof! Woof! 
He has a dog? 
Sasha immediately got scared. 
She instinctively turned around, but to her surprise, a silhouette dashed over as quickly as lightning.
###Chapter 292
Chapter 292
“Watch out!” warned Solomon. He was leading the way, but he saw what was happening, so he immediately turned around to rescue Sasha. 
At that crucial moment, however, it was another arm that grabbed Sasha and pulled her away from danger. After ensuring her safety, he mercilessly kicked the dog over. 
Woof! 
The dog whimpered on the ground after being kicked. 
Sasha was stunned in place. 
Even Solomon was staring in astonishment. He couldn’t react for quite some time. 
This weak-looking fella is actually that skilled a fighter? 
“Sha…” 
Lance seemed to have noticed that he did something wrong. He let go of Sasha’s hand right after he kicked the dog away, then he fearfully stood at her side with his head down. 
He looked like a kid who had just been caught doing something bad. 
Sasha swallowed hard. 
She thought that something was off as well, but she instinctively wanted to protect her family. Hence, her first reaction was to shield her baby cousin. 
“It’s fine. I’m okay. Don’t worry,” cooed Sasha before she took the initiative to stroke his slightly trembling shoulders and offered some comfort.
Lance finally stopped panicking. 
He had his head down and fearfully snuck a peek at the dog before he started explaining himself, “There were a lot of dogs near the house I grew up in. They tended to bite others a lot, so I developed a habit of kicking them whenever they misbehaved.” 
Sasha’s eyes glowed after hearing that. Any suspicion she previously had faltered. 
“Yes, you are right. I forgot that you grew up in a village, and many villagers had dogs. I’m so sorry, Solomon. Lennie didn’t hold back just now and kicked the dog. We won’t be in trouble, will we?” 
Solomon was stuck. 
They had already gotten things to that state, so what else could he said? 
However, he believed in Lance’s words when the latter claim that kicking the dog was a habit developed from growing up in a village. 
He might’ve moved quickly just now, but there was no real technique in his kick. It is obvious that he only reacted that way because he does it all the time. 
In the end, Solomon didn’t keep that incident in mind. 
Still, when he met up with Andy in the garden, Solomon became proactive and gave Andy a magnificent gift as compensation for kicking his dog. 
“We are so sorry, Mr. Rind, for causing so much trouble as soon as we drop by. If you don’t mind, I am willing to provide you with free legal counsel for two years to make up for it.” 
“Really?”
The mixed-blood who had been flirting with a young woman was instantly delighted after hearing what Solomon said. 
Sasha stared quietly from the side. 
She didn’t actually like the guy, and that had been true ever since they first met. 
He might be a Wall Street titan, but his aura didn’t suggest that he was a powerful businessman. Instead, he had a thick golden necklace around his neck and had dozens of terrifying tattoos all over him. That violent aura he exuded wasn’t that of a powerful man in Wall Street. 
Instead, he looked like he was a gangster. 
“Ms. Nancy, you’re finally here. I prayed to the stars and the moon above to meet you here.” 
After exchanging some pleasantries with Solomon, Andy immediately shifted his attention to Sasha. 
All he saw was a beautiful woman standing quietly at the side. She looked calm, her facial features were delicate, and her skin looked as smooth as porcelain. His eyes instantly glowed. 
Sasha couldn’t help but feel disgusted after seeing that. 
“Those are such kind words, Mr. Rind. I am the one who is truly delighted to meet you. I have been praying for a chance to collaborate with you.” 
“Good, but Ms. Nancy, you don’t need to be so polite. You’re Solomon’s friend, so that makes you my friend, too. Come, take a seat. Let’s discuss the matter further.” 
After saying his piece, the lustful man reached out to pull Sasha to him. 
Sasha didn’t know what to do.
Solomon was pretty fast at that moment. Before Andy could touch Sasha, Solomon strategically shielded her and acted like he was just moving absent mindedly. 
“Mr. Rind is right. Nancy, please go and retrieve the exquisite tea leaves I got as a gift. Let’s brew Mr. Rind a nice cup of tea, so we can discuss the matter in length.” 
“Okay.” 
Sasha was extremely appreciative of that. She immediately turned around to retrieve the tea. 
Lance was well-behaved and smart at that moment. When he saw his cousin approaching him, he opened the bag and the gift box for her. He asked, “Sha, is that Mr. Rind?” 
“Yeah. Don’t get too close, okay? Just observe everything from here.” 
“Understood,” replied Lance like a good boy after hearing Sasha’s advise. 
Only then did Sasha go back with the tea leaves. 
Since Solomon was the one to make the introduction, Andy was quick to grant Sasha an opportunity to work with him. Andy still needed to see if Sasha actually had what it took to do the job, so he laid a condition. 
“I heard about your story and how you collaborated with the Leonard family. However, those could be rumors, and I only work with people who are actually talented. If you don’t mind, Ms. Nancy, please demonstrate your strength right here and right now.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“The stock market had just begun operating, and I have been monitoring the shares of a subsidiary under Hayes Corporation. It has been rising steadily. If you can turn things around and make the share
price fall right now, then you would have proven that you really are talented and worthy of this job.”
###Chapter 293
Chapter 293
Sasha never thought that the Wall Street titan would make such harsh demands as a test. 
He actually wants me to go after Hayes Corporation? He must be nuts! 
Hayes Corporation’s foundation was strong, and its share price was steady. There was no way a person could make it budge. Moreover, even if she ignored all that… That man and I are not on good terms now. He might actually kill me if I rock the share price. 
Sasha was so angry that her knuckles were turning pale. 
Solomon caught that, so he quickly eased the tension for Sasha. He commented, “Mr. Rind, isn’t that a little too harsh? Hayes Corporation isn’t just a small, random company. It’s a multinational corporation!” 
“And that is exactly why I am asking her to go after the corporation. Ms. Nancy, do you know what my first major achievement in the finance industry is?” 
“What is that?” 
“I went after Hayes Corporation and made two hundred million from that war.” 
The fat, middle-aged man actually put two fingers up and started bragging to Sasha. 
Sasha was shocked. 
Hayes Corporation actually lost against this man? 
When did that happen? Was it when my man was in-charge? 
Rumor had it that Sebastian had it hard when he first started working in Hayes Corporation. Many older shareholders refused to accept him as their leader, and that made it difficult for him to make any decision at all. Is that all because this assh*le attacked him?
Sasha was instantly infuriated. 
She might claim that Sebastian was a scum, and that she had cut all ties with the Hayes, but hearing that news didn’t bring her any joy. 
Instead, it got her angry. 
Who gives this assh*le the right to bully Sebastian? 
Sasha sat down and turned on the laptop that was already prepped for her. As she did so, she asked, “Mr. Rind, will anything go as long as that share’s price goes down?” 
“Of course.” 
“And what if my method accidentally alerted the authorities? I heard that Hayes corporation’s system is extremely powerful, and they might catch us if we play dirty like this,” reminded Sasha out of kindness. 
Andy, however, acted like a proud peacock and shrugged. He reassured, “Don’t worry, you can work however you like. No one has ever traced anything back to my system.” 
Sasha actually began working on it after hearing those words. 
Going after a subsidiary of a multinational corporation and making its shares price falls drastically… That truly was a difficult task because most investors would do their homework. They would look into the entities supporting that company, and Hayes Corporation was, without a doubt, one of the most powerful entities in the world. 
To make matters worse, the corporation itself would be actively trying to stabilize the share price, so it would be extremely difficult for Sasha to attack it.
Still, the task being extremely difficult didn’t mean that it was impossible. Sasha began working via a fake account. Within a minute, she gathered a huge amount of funds. No one knew where the money came from. 
At the same moment, the finance department in Hayes Corporation was alarmed. 
“Mr. Scott, something terrible happened. The company’s share price is fluctuating. Is the president back yet? This matter is very urgent!” 
“What?” blurted Luke, who was buried in a mountain of paperwork. Hearing that got him to spring up immediately. 
“What fluctuation are we talking about here?” 
“It’s about the new company we just acquired. Someone suddenly sold its shares in large quantities for no reason at all. That behavior is out of the norm, and if that keeps going, the share price will fall!” 
“What the f*ck?” 
Luke hung up immediately after and turned on the computer. 
As reported, when he looked into the stock market, he saw that the subsidiary’s share prices were falling even though it had been performing well earlier. 
Holy cr*p! 
Luke panicked. He quickly got on his phone to make a call. 
Beep! Beep!
It took over ten seconds before someone pick up. The guy on the other end of the line spoke calmly, and he sounded relaxed. 
“What?” 
“Mr. Hayes, what have you been doing over the past few days? Something grave happened to the company. The shares of the subsidiary we acquired are being sold in large quantities. If things keep progressing this way, the share price will surely fall!” reported Luke. 
He was on the verge of crying when he heard how relaxed Sebastian sounded. 
Unfortunately, the man on the other side of the line wasn’t worried at all. 
Luke didn’t know if he was hallucinating, but it sounded like his boss was happy to receive the news. 
“Just let it fall then.” 
“Wait, what did you just say?” asked Luke. He thought he misheard it, so he repeated, “Did you say to let the share price fall? Mr. Hayes, did you hear me wrong earlier? That is the share price of our subsidiary. You’re just going to let it fall?” 
“You didn’t mishear. Inform the relevant departments and tell them to ignore the matter. Just let the share price fall and investigate the matter afterward.” 
Luke couldn’t speak. 
Mr. Hayes must’ve gone crazy. 
He acted crazy and has gone missing for over two weeks, and now, he’s letting the share price of his own company fall…
Luke was understandably disappointed after ending the call. He dragged his feet for quite a while before he told the relevant departments to ignore it. 
Two hours later, in Andy’s villa in Moranta. Solomon and Andy were both astonished when they saw how Hayes Corporation’s share price was actually falling. 
Andy worried about things getting out of hand, so he ordered Sasha to stop. If he hadn’t, that company’s share price might just fall all the way to zero.
###Chapter 294
Chapter 294
F*ck, this is too cool! 
Andy became excited on the spot, and he sprang up before saying, “Ms. Nancy, you have truly impressed me. Now, I have no doubt about your skills. Do you know how much money they lost today?” 
Sasha grinned calmly and answered, “Given the initial share price, they probably lost over a billion today.” 
“Yes, that is exactly right. They lost a billion today! Ms. Nancy, you really are something else. You are even more powerful than I was when I was younger. I will definitely work with you!” 
The Wall Street titan stumbled upon a rare talent, and he was so happy that he immediately agreed to let Sasha join their ranks. 
Sasha secretly sighed a breath of relief after hearing all that. 
Finally, I got in. 
After that, Sasha was officially invited into the villa where Andy threw her a grand welcoming party. 
He even invited all of his partners to the party. 
Naturally, those were people who controlled the finance industry from behind the scenes, so there were more than fifty people in that room. 
“What’s wrong, Sha? You don’t seem happy.” 
Sasha had a glass of wine with her and was exchanging pleasantries with the others. She later bumped into Lance, who had walked over to check how she was doing.
Sasha frowned at that moment and replied, “I’m waiting for some news.” 
“What news?” 
“I’m waiting for news from Hayes Corporation. I made them lose a fortune today, so why didn’t they do anything?” 
Lance was stunned. He asked, “Sha, do you want them to react to it? But… that won’t benefit us at all. If the authorities discovered the truth and come knocking, Andy will have to pay double of what he earned. He might even have to go to jail. What shall we do then?” 
Sasha didn’t reply. 
She was conflicted and didn’t know what she should say. 
Lance was right. They would not benefit at all if Andy were to fall. 
So why am I thinking about all this? Am I still hung up on that guy even after everything we’ve been through? 
No, that can’t be! Haven’t I suffered enough? Haven’t I given enough? What is a mere billion compared to that? I shouldn’t even frown if he goes bankrupt and dies in a sea of debt! 
Sasha calmed down quickly when she thought of that. 
It didn’t take long before Solomon headed over to introduce her to the others and build a rapport. She had her glass of wine with her before she followed him along. 
Lance stood there quietly and just stared at her. 
No one noticed that when the lady turned around, the young man’s gaze turned grim suddenly. He stared at the woman as his dark brown eyes glowed with an icy aura.
It only lasted for a brief moment, but it was obvious. 
That night, Sasha went back drunk. When she was taken to her room, she saw her debtor sitting inside with his legs crossed. I did something bad today, so is this karma? F*ck! 
Sasha was so scared that she fell onto the floor. 
This has to be my imagination! 
She reached for her forehead and wiped the cold sweat. She told herself that she must be hallucinating. Yes, I had too much to drink earlier, so I must be seeing things. 
However, just as she was going to get up, she saw the man in the leather shoe walking towards her. 
“Did you have fun today?” 
“Huh?” 
“You made a billion today, so are you in a good mood?” 
The man hovered over her, and it was as if he was a tall tower that was casting a shadow over her. The darkness could swallow her whole, and it was terrifying. 
Sasha moved back a little. Her drunken, red face had turned pale from the fear. She said, “I-I didn’t mean to harm your company. I had no choice because I had to get in.” 
“And?” 
“A-and…”
Sasha had more to say, but the man suddenly picked her up from the floor and pulled her into his embrace. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
“Go on and finish the story. Why did you suddenly stop? What happened after that?” 
The man finally got her in his arms, and his handsome face was inches from hers. The only thing between them at the moment was his warm breath and an aura so strong and domineering that it could consume everything. 
Sasha became even more at a loss for words. 
She was stuck in the man’s arms, and her heart was beating wildly. The effect of alcohol and his ridiculously handsome face finally got her to lose the last shred of sanity inside her. 
“T-then I waited for you to come and nab me. Why didn’t you do so?” 
“Nab you?” 
“That’s right. I have avenged you. He bullied you, so I made him pay you back!” 
She must be really drunk. Why else would she wave her tiny fists in front of me and claim that she was avenging me? Sasha’s eyes shone with innocence at that moment. 
She was also not as harsh nor as distant as she was when she was sober. 
Sebastian’s heart melted and his mind went fuzzy. 
He ignored everything and pulled her closer to him. Soft kisses rained down on her before anyone knew it.
###Chapter 295
Chapter 295
He couldn’t find the words to describe the feeling. 
The woman’s stubbornness had irked him in the past. However, without his realizing, she had also grown on him. 
A tinge of regret bubbled in his heart. It took Sebastian twenty years to understand this. 
Regardless if it was her own wishful thinking or the fact that she had barged into his life without his permission, he felt an immense guilt towards her. 
I treated her like trash even after she made so many sacrifices for me without complaining. Instead of taking revenge on my father and me for the pain we caused her, she defended me like a fool. I’m such a… 
In the heat of the moment, Sebastian fiercely kissed the woman before him. 
He was very gentle the entire night. As much as he wanted to unleash his love through his actions, he held himself back and treated her with the utmost care. 
Of course, there were pockets of exceptions there. 
The next day, Solomon woke up early in the morning. 
He had already worked things out with Andy so that Sasha could report directly to the other man. However, this meant that he might not be able to spend much time alone with her in the future. 
Therefore, he postponed the appointment for a day and took her out to play instead. 
Much to his surprise, when he went over to her place, he found Sasha’s bedroom door tightly shut. Lance was standing outside like a statue for some unknown reason.
“Lance, what are you doing here? What’s wrong with Sasha?” Solomon asked in concern. 
Turning around to find Solomon there, his expression dimmed slightly, and he muttered, “Nothing…” 
Despite what he said, the dark eye bags were a giveaway that he had not slept the entire night. He was also yawning constantly. 
What has he been up to? 
Puzzled, Solomon ignored him and reached out for Sasha’s door to let himself in. 
Yet Lance stopped him. “Don’t go in. Last night, there was a lot of noise coming from her room.” 
Noise? 
Solomon’s expression changed. “Noise? What happened to Sasha?” 
Letting out another yawn, Lance shrugged. “I don’t know either. Her bed was creaking the entire night, and I could not get a moment of peace. She probably kept tossing and turning because she was not used to the bed.” 
Being the innocent person he was, Lance assumed that was the only plausible explanation. 
On the other hand, Solomon went pale as soon as he heard that. 
Not used to the bed? 
How is that possible? She slept fitfully two nights ago, so why would she suddenly have trouble sleeping last night? 
Besides, if her bed was creaking…
A series of images appeared in Solomon’s head almost instantaneously as his face turned red. He was so close to kicking the door down. 
Sebastian! 
How dare you come all the way here to make trouble? 
“Soloman, are you okay? You don’t look well. Do you want to get some rest?” Lance offered, noticing the change in Solomon’s demeanor. 
“No need!” the latter snapped. 
Shortly after, he glared at the door as though he had seen something disgusting. Then he left with a grim face. 
Meanwhile, Lance quietly watched until the agitated man’s silhouette vanished and he let out yet another yawn before heading back to his room to catch up on his sleep. 
By the time the siblings got out of bed, it was almost two in the afternoon. 
“Ouch…” 
Sasha got out of bed and fell back promptly. She felt so sore that she could not stand straight. 
Gosh, what is wrong with me? 
She was so drunk last night that she could barely remember what had happened. 
It was not until she saw the hickeys covering her body accompanied with a pain in a distinct area that she finally recalled some parts of the night. 
Instantly, she exploded with rage.
“Sebastian, you are a bastard!” 
“Sasha? What’s wrong? Are you awake?” 
Coincidentally, Lance had gotten out of his room not long ago and was knocking on her door. 
She covered her mouth in embarrassment and went to her bathroom to wash up. 
Minutes later, she emerged feeling more orientated than before. 
“Lennie, what is it?” 
“Andy called. He wants to meet up to discuss a good money-making opportunity.” 
Lance, who was standing outside the door, looked more radiant after having a good nap. 
A pair of black-rimmed glasses perched on his nose, and his short black hair peeked out from under his khaki wool beanie. At a glance, many would be envious of his youthful looks. 
Ah, it’s good to be young. 
Sasha scratched her head. “Okay, sure. I’ll get changed.” Then she turned back to Lance. “What about Soloman?” 
“I don’t know. He came over to look for you in the morning, but after I told him you were still asleep, he left. I haven’t seen him since.” 
Soloman came to look for me this morning? 
Slightly anxious, Sasha scrambled to ask, “Really? Did you tell him anything else?”
Her cousin thought before he responded, “Nothing much. I told him you had too much to drink last night and were still asleep. What’s wrong? Should I have said otherwise?” 
“No, of course not. There’s nothing else to tell.” Sasha was quick to deny. “I’ll go get changed now!” 
She slammed her door shut, leaving Lance standing staring at her door suspiciously. Deciding that it was nothing, he headed back to his room to get ready too. 
He was about to strip out of his pyjamas when a new message flashed across the screen of his phone. 
It was from Luke. 
Mr. Hayes, if you don’t come back now, the bunch of old geezers will destroy the company.
###Chapter 296
Chapter 296
Together, Sasha and Lance headed out to look for Andy. 
When they arrived at his house, they saw several familiar faces from the party last night, waiting in the front yard. 
“It seems like something big is going to happen,” Sasha muttered to Lance, who was standing beside her. 
He nodded in agreement. 
Instead of speaking his mind as usual, he stood behind her politely. 
Before Sasha could question his odd behaviour, she heard someone calling her. ”Ms. Nancy, you are here! Please join us.” The guests enthusiastically gestured for her to go over. 
Being from the finance industry and under Andy’s wing, they naturally formed a group when they saw each other. 
Sasha walked towards them and politely greeted, “Have you waited long?” 
“No. We just arrived.” One of them shook their head before he suddenly probed, “By the way, Nancy, do you know which project we will be working on this time?” 
Unfortunately, Sasha was unaware. Even if Andy held her in high-esteem, he would never reveal such information to her. 
She shook her head in response. “No, I haven’t. Do all of you know?” 
With a mysterious smile, a man by the name of Pete chuckled. “A little. Do you know about Sky Precision in Jetroina?”
Crap! 
The moment Sasha heard it, she felt her throat going dry. 
Of course, she knew about Sky Precision. It was the top precision manufacturing company in the world that dabbled in machinery, digital electronics, and anything related to technology. 
Andy is quite something. He asked me to make a move on Hayes Corporation, and today he wants to zoom in on Jetroina. 
He is insane! 
One person gasped, “Woah, Sky Precision? That’s great! If we seal the deal successfully with such this major client, we will rake in at least fifty million in revenue, right?” 
“Of course!” 
Everyone was getting excited by the prospect. 
A vast company like Sky Precision had a diverse variety of portfolio. With the opportunity to earn more, they were overjoyed. 
Sasha stood there thinking about how much sense it made. If the project became official, she would be more than happy to be part of it. 
Andy finally came out ten minutes later. Dressed in a leather suit, he also donned a top hat and a pair of leather shoes. Immediately, he requested for his assistant to distribute a laptop to each guest. 
“Hello everybody, I shall go straight to the point. Today, we have a project with Sky Precision. You can look through your duties after you receive your laptops like always.” 
“It is really Sky Precision…”
The crowd started buzzing among themselves after his announcement. 
Since they had to turn on the laptop to look through their responsibilities, Sasha passed her bag to Lance when she received hers. 
Then she sat down in an empty chair to open it up. 
“Futures?” 
“Yes, Nancy. It is the first time you are participating in a project, so this is an opportunity for you to dip your toes in the water first. We have gold futures. Based on Sky Precision’s needs, we could trade on futures since they have substantial capital.” 
Andy explained when he walked over and saw the disappointment written across Sasha’s face. 
Sasha bit the inside of her cheeks. 
Futures are not physical goods. They are derivative contracts involving financial products, such as bonds or stocks. A buy will receive the purchase only at a later date. 
This old fox is being wary of me. 
“It looks like we can’t make much money this time. Why are we buying into this? It is not a long-term investment or a specific stipulation from Sky Precision?” 
She could not help but burst out when she spotted Andy. 
Meanwhile, Lance was silent the entire time. 
In fact, he stared blankly at the two as though he did not understand the conversation at all.
Sasha felt worse when she saw his expression. 
“Why aren’t you saying a word? Don’t you understand these terms as a finance student? Last night, you were so eloquent with your analysis on how Hayes Corporation would threaten our foothold.” 
Her cousin faltered for a split second before he finally forced himself to speak up. “I… was only afraid… to affect your judgement.” 
“There is no need to be scared. We are family; we can discuss anything when we encounter difficulties. It’s perfectly okay even if you say something wrong,” Sasha chided. 
A long while later, Lance finally nodded stiffly and whipped out his phone. 
With the project details settled, everyone headed off to take care of their respective duties. Sasha finally had her chance to work as an official Wall Street financial trader after much difficulty. 
By the time Sebastian got to his office, it was late. 
Yet, the top level of his company was still brightly lit as his employees heard he would be returning. There were also several people waiting in the meeting room. 
They looked like they were preparing for a trial.
###Chapter 297
Chapter 297
Sebastian walked into his office and headed straight to the coffee machine to make himself a cup before he settled on a couch to catch his breath. He did not seem bothered about what was going on in the meeting room. 
The strenuous activity from last night took up a lot of his energy. 
On the other hand, Luke was pacing outside the office impatiently. His knees almost buckled when he saw how relaxed his boss looked. 
“Mr. Hayes, why are you still sipping on your coffee leisurely? You don’t have time for that! The shareholders are in the meeting room. Even Mr. Hayes Sr. is here.” 
“What?” 
The last line grabbed Sebastian’s attention. 
They got Dad to come over too? 
These old blokes must have nothing better to do! They are only itching to create more trouble. 
Sebastian pursed his lips and finally set his coffee mug down on the table before reluctantly trudging to the meeting room next door. 
Bang! 
He could already sense the tense atmosphere from the outside with sounds of things being thrown across the room. 
“Frederick, the company is not owned by your son alone. He has cost us a billion in the blink of an eye, and he did not even seek consent before he made that decision!”
“Exactly! It’s a billion in losses, not merely a hundred thousand. Mr. Hayes, with all due respect, have you considered how we feel? We allowed him to take this position to help us profit, not thoughtlessly squander our money away.” 
“You…” 
Frederick had not stepped into the company in a long while. He couldn’t find the words to rebuke the angry shareholders’ accusations. 
Sebastian had enough of the chaos and decided to enter the meeting room. 
Click! 
Immediately, the room went silent when they saw the person standing at the door. 
No one dared to mess with him at Hayes Corporation, including the shareholders. 
Sebastian did not speak as he took in the group’s reaction. Instead, he walked towards the head of the table and pulled out the chair that was rightfully his. 
Like the perfect gentleman, he sat elegantly and glanced around the room with indifference. 
When did he become such a calm person? 
Luke was getting goosebumps as he watched the scene unfold. 
“Speak up. Why aren’t you talking anymore? Please continue.” Sebastian stated after a long pause. There was a ghost of a smile on his face, scaring everyone else in the room. 
It was common for these shareholders to act like that. When he was not around, they would think highly of themselves and insist on their ways.
However, when Sebastian was present, their courage seemed to have dissipated. 
“Sebastian, we don’t mean to be rude, but we deserve an explanation regarding the loss,” one courageous shareholder spoke up. 
“I have to report to you when it’s merely a billion? How about the time when I raked in tens and hundreds of billions? At that time, I didn’t see you making such a big commotion as you are doing now. Do you want to review the ledgers? We can most certainly do that!” 
Sebastian straightened himself. 
As the rest of the shareholders watched him, they collectively felt a chill down their spine. 
“No, we don’t mean it in that way. We only want to understand why you did not stop our company’s share prices from plunging because we could have completely averted the crisis by acting earlier.” 
As expected, their attitude towards him changed drastically. They stooped down to please him almost instantaneously. 
Noticing their change in reaction, Sebastian sneered, “I’m the person who is in charge of the company. But I can’t even have the room to make losses. How are you so sure that I did not do that to profit more in future?” 
His words were harsh, and no one dared to speak up in the room. 
After all, in the last few years under his leadership, he did increase their revenue by a few folds. Many times, he did not play according to the books too. 
Therefore, no one could argue with him when he brought up that point.
In the end, the shareholders could only leave in despair. Frederick watched them empty the room and turned to his son. “Do you have an actual project?” 
Resting his legs on the conference table, Sebastian blew a smoke ring and shrugged. “Nope.” 
“Nope?” Frederick’s eyes widened in shock. “Why did you say that earlier, then? How dare you lie to them? Don’t you know how hard it is to deal with that bunch?” 
“Ah, that was your era. Under me, those old blokes wouldn’t even dare to raise their voices.” 
Sebastian was crude, even to his father. 
However, one could not deny that there was some truth in his words. The shareholders loved to complain, but if Sebastian resigned, they would likely panic. Besides, no one else could manage the Hayes Corporation better than him. 
Frederick sighed in defeat and asked after a short pause. “What have you done with the billion?” 
Raising his brows, Sebastian did not bother to hide his intentions either. “I gave it to your daughter-in- law. Didn’t you want me to win her back?” 
Within minutes, Frederick’s mouth hung open. 
“Are you talking about Sasha? You found her?” 
“Yes.” 
“What is she doing? Why do you have to spend so much money on her? Did she agree to come back? Otherwise, did you give her the money to break up with her…” 
As Frederick rambled on, he could only come to that conclusion.
The moment those words were out of his mouth, joy faded from his face, replaced by a look of disappointment. 
Sebastian glanced at him.
###Chapter 298
Chapter 298
Sebastian had been suspicious of how Frederick acted around Sasha for a while, especially with the history of his outrageous actions. 
Looking at his father’s reaction, he felt more defensive. 
“No, she wants to revive the Wand family, and I helped to pave the way.” 
“Really?” Frederick seemed surprised. “That is good. If the Wand family manage to stand up on their feet again, she might not hate us as much as before.” 
That was apt. What were we hoping for, anyway? We have to make up for our past mistakes by helping the Wand family so that Sasha will return. 
After all, the three children need their mother. 
By the time Sebastian returned to Royal Court One, the three children were asleep. Instinctively, he went to his daughter’s room to see the sweetheart he got back recently. 
After the paternal test, he realized this child was his. It only made him feel more guilty. 
The woman was with his child under his nose for almost six months. Unfortunately, he did not know the truth and even used the child to humiliate her at that time. 
A man as blind as me doesn’t deserve to be a father at all. 
Sitting on the child’s pink bed, he watched his daughter sleep peacefully under her covers. He could not help but bend down to leave a kiss on her cute, chubby cheek. 
“Mommy, are you back?” 
The little girl sleepily mumbled when she felt the kiss on her cheek.
It had been a month since she last saw her mother. 
Suddenly, Sebastian felt suffocated as he recalled the events in Clear. In the small dark yard, the words that the lady left rang in his ears. “I don’t want her. She is all yours!” 
It was a stab to his heart. Even breathing was painful. 
Sasha, what will it take for you to return? Don’t you know how much the children miss you? 
“Daddy, are you back?” 
A small figure appeared by the bedroom door. His voice jolted Sebastian out of his painful memory. 
The little boy stood at the entrance when he spotted his father, looking smaller than ever. His sad expression was void of the mischief that usually hung on his face. 
Sebastian regained his senses. He immediately calmed himself down and suppressed the tears that were about to spill. 
“Yes, I’m home. Matt, why are you still awake? Come over here.” Opening his arms, he gestured for his child to walk to him for a hug. 
Matteo obediently shuffled to him. 
Without hesitation, he threw himself into his father’s embrace and allowed the sturdy arms to circle him. At that moment, he felt protected and warm. 
He did not only have a mother, but he also had a father. It was a long time ago since the three of them last spent time together. 
Comfortably leaning on the older man’s arm, Matteo whispered, “Daddy, were you looking for Mommy?”
It caught Sebastian by surprise. 
How did he know? 
“I know you are looking for Mommy. I’m sure you won’t abandon her, right?” 
“Of course,” Sebastian replied in a solemn tone. 
Still wrapped in the hug, his son smiled. 
Afterwards, Matteo fished out something from the pocket of his pyjamas and handed it to his father. 
“This is for you. It is a list of places where Mommy lived with her friends abroad over the years. You must work hard to bring her back. Otherwise, you will be a widower.” 
“Widower?” Sebastian froze. 
“It is a term for old men who lost their wives but still carry the burden of looking after their children. It will be difficult for you to remarry,” Matteo explained as he saw how bewildered his father looked. 
Sebastian’s face fell. 
How am I old? 
I am not even thirty years old. 
Also, why would it be difficult for me to remarry? If my wife leaves, I can definitely look for another woman to replace her. 
Given my wealth and looks, I’m sure there will be plenty of women out there who will be more than willing to throw themselves at me.
Sebastian was unhappy with how his son termed him. 
The sensible boy continued to analyze things for him. “Well, you do have the money and looks. I’m sure there will be many ladies waiting in line to be our stepmother. However, have you thought about how things will work once you remarry? Don’t you think the relationship between our stepmother and us and her in-laws will be a bother?” 
Sebastian remained silent. 
After a few seconds, he realized his child was right. 
Who the hell told him such things? 
Over the next few days, Sebastian was occupied with the company’s affairs. The shareholders obediently retreated to their homes without stirring more trouble after his return. 
Everyone but Patrick Young. 
“Patrick Young, I have already asked the company’s securities department. They found out that the transaction regarding a large number of shares was closed overseas. Given our ability, it is impossible to track who was responsible for it. We have already reported the information to the banking regulators.”
###Chapter 299
Chapter 299
“That’s right! Hayes Corporation could have turned the tide and maybe even gained a billion! Why did Sebastian veto that? I wonder what his motive is?” 
It was a quiet afternoon, and a few minor shareholders were gathered in the garden of a villa, discussing Sebastian’s decision. 
“Don’t say that! Mr. Hayes must have his own reasons for making that decision,” Patrick chided. He was the villa owner and had a bigger shareholding compared to the rest. 
“Why? Don’t forget he is not quite right up there, Mr. Young. Who knows what he is up to?” One of the aggrieved men retorted, pointing to his head to indicate Sebastian’s rumored mental problem. 
Patrick’s face fell, and he warned, “Mind your words! Don’t go around spreading unverified rumors!” 
Although he defended Sebastian, he was actually a two-faced, cunning man. 
It would not be easy to oust the president in a direct confrontation, so he used other underhanded means to achieve his aim. 
After the other men left, Patrick went back to his study, and his secretary followed closely. 
When they were alone, the secretary couldn’t help but ask, “Mr. Young, will the new successor of Hayes Corporation really give us what we want if we managed to oust Sebastian?” 
“Of course! Otherwise, he can kiss Hayes Corporation goodbye!” Patrick laughed confidently as he happily picked up his golf bag and headed out. 
Meanwhile, over at Wall Street in Moranta, Sasha was in distress.
She had only closed one contract worth a few hundred thousand that day, and that was to be executed six months later. At the rate she was going, she would be in financial trouble soon. 
Sasha was in a sullen mood when she got back to her temporary accommodation, a place that belonged to Solomon’s friend. 
Lance had left her alone and kept to himself for the past few days. It was only when he realized she had no plans to leave the place that he approached her for a discussion. 
“Sha, shall we move out?” 
“Huh? Move? Where to?” Sasha asked him in return. 
“It may not be nice for us to stay here when Solomon is not in. Since we have no plans to leave Moranta soon, it would be better to find our own place. What do you think?” Lance reasoned. 
“Oh, you are right! It slipped my mind. Sure! Could you help look around for it?” Sasha agreed. 
“Okay.” He immediately turned to leave. 
Sasha was preoccupied with her own thoughts, so it took her a while to realize her mistake. Lance was not familiar with the place and the language there. She should not have given him the task of looking for their accommodation. 
About an hour later, her cousin came back with the good news that he had found them an apartment. 
“How did you manage that? I thought you couldn’t speak the language here?” Sasha asked in disbelief. 
Lance’s expression changed briefly. “I… Erm… we communicated in writing since I could read,” he stammered. 
I see!
Sasha accepted his explanation, and they moved into the apartment immediately. 
Solomon heard about that in the evening. He called to ask her about it, followed by an explanation that he went away for just a couple of days to settle some matters in Clear, but he would be back soon. 
Sasha did not want him to feel bad, so she made up an excuse. “I found a place closer to Wall Street. Since I am working with Mr. Rind now, that would be a more convenient location for me.” 
“Oh, alright then. By the way, I heard you’re working with him on the Jetroina project. Is it true that he hasn’t been giving you many lucrative leads after assigning you to handle some futures contracts?” Solomon asked. 
Feeling aggrieved about that, so she took the opportunity to grouch, “It’s true! I think he is not too happy with my stand and doesn’t trust me yet.” 
“Your stand about making money the legal way?” 
“Yes. Those who went with me were earning millions after being allocated the hottest financing projects!” she complained in frustration. 
It was indeed easier and faster to earn big money in investment banking. 
On the other end of the phone, as Solomon was talking to Sasha, he was flipping through the file on the Jetroina project. Suddenly, his eyes lit up, and he suggested, “How about you contact the person in charge of the Jetroina project directly?” 
“What? Contact him directly?” 
“Yes. The lead might have come from Andy, but if you close the deal and share your earnings with him, I am sure he would not to it. What do you think about that?”
His proposal for her to bypass her boss and negotiate with Sky Precision directly was tempting. 
Just then, Lance came in with a bowl of dessert for Sasha. She ended her call with Solomon and casually sought her cousin’s opinion. “Lennie, Solomon said we should bypass Mr. Rind and negotiate with Sky Precision directly. What do you think?” 
“No way! That is inappropriate.”
###Chapter 300
Chapter 300
“Sha, we are now working under Andy. He will be mad if he finds out you bypass him to negotiate directly with Sky Precision.” 
“But isn’t it the same if we close the deal and split the earnings with him?” 
“How is that the same? An egoist control freak like him would definitely not be happy with that. What matters more to him is submission and obedience from his subordinates, not money.” Lance was stern, quite unlike his usual self. 
Moreover, his reasoning and analysis were way too sophisticated, beyond what a normal college kid could come up with. 
He spoke as though he was an experienced expert in such matters. How could that be? Did I hear him wrong? 
His rebuttal left Sasha speechless. 
Seeing her reaction, he realized his unusual behavior had stunned her, so he changed his tone and explained, “I… Sha, don’t get mad. I might sound a little harsh, but I have heard about such things from my friends. I am just worried for you.” 
Sasha stared at him for a few seconds. She decided he was telling the truth and dismissed her own suspicion. 
“It’s okay. I’ll think about it again. You’d better head off to bed,” she said. 
That very night, she tossed and turned in bed, torn between Solomon’s attractive proposal and Lance’s very rational analysis.
Unexpectedly, like a magician, Solomon appeared out of the blue right in front of her the next morning. For a moment, his stunning features and warm smile dazzled Sasha.He had specially flown back from Clear to accompany her to meet the person in charge of the Jetroina project. He seemed to have read her mind and knew she was hesitant. 
“Morning, Nancy. I knew you would be undecided, so let me accompany you there.” 
Sasha was grateful for his concern. His presence gave her assurance and eased her worry. 
Bang!Just as she was about to take up his offer, the door upstairs burst open. Lance came out and greeted them with a sharp look. 
“Oh Lance, you are up? Perfect timing! Solomon is here, so maybe we can give it a try. What do you say?” His stony expression gave her the shudders, and she tried to appease him with a conciliatory tone. 
However, her cousin was definitely not his usual obedient self that morning. His face darkened further upon hearing her, and he stormed back into his room, slapping the door hard behind him. 
Both Solomon and Sasha were dumbstruck as they wondered what was wrong with him. 
After she recovered from her shock, Sasha hurriedly turned to Solomon with an apology. “I am really sorry about that. He was against the idea because he was worried I would offend Andy by doing so.” 
Fly into such a rage just because he was worried for his cousin? 
Solomon’s eyes narrowed in doubt. He stared fixedly at the door for a long time, highly concerned as the Lance he knew would never behave with such anger and disdain. His menacing stare was frightening.
On the other hand, Sasha did not read too much into the episode. Lance had warned her about the issue the night before, so she could understand his anger over her decision to go ahead. 
As Lance was in a wrathful mood, she decided to go ahead without him. Just as she was about to leave, her cousin came out of his room and whined, “I am coming along too!” He stood there with a pained look in his big, soulful eyes. 
“Huh?” 
The huge change in his attitude astonished Sasha. He had been very unpredictable in the past few days, raging like a bull one moment and then meek as a lamb the next. 
She wanted to be firm with him, but when she saw his disappointed bowed head and lowered eyes, she softened. “Okay, go get changed. I will wait for you.” She relented, ruffling his hair. 
Lance immediately broke into a wide grin and ran back into his room to change. 
Solomon, who was watching them from the hall, was perplexed. What he just witnessed was the usual behavior of Lance. However, he felt something was not quite right. It was bothering him because he could not single out exactly what was wrong.
###Chapter 301
Chapter 301
Finally, the three set off to meet the person in charge of the Jetroina Sky Precision project. 
Solomon and Sasha took the lead for this meeting while Lance trailed behind them. 
“Nancy, I found out that guy is staying in Hilton hotel, so I think it would be best for us to try to meet him there. If we were to meet him at Wall Street, Andy and his men may see us.” 
“Sure!” Sasha agreed readily. 
Thirty minutes later, they arrived at Hilton hotel. 
Her mind was engrossed in her proposals for the other party. When the car stopped, she absent- mindedly got out and headed into the hotel. 
Lance was about to follow when Solomon said, “Lance, why don’t you wait for us in the lobby? Your cousin and I are going to meet a client, so it may not be convenient for you to come with us.” 
“What is so inconvenient about that? I came to assist her in that too.” The college boy retorted coldly as he alighted from the car, totally ignoring Solomon’s request. 
The latter was furious at being given the cold shoulder. He felt Lance was getting in the way and secretly vowed to get rid of him. 
He quickly got out of the car to catch up with the Wands, but Lance was already clinging on closely to Sasha. 
“Sha, what are we going to discuss later?” 
“I was thinking of making a deal with bonds.” 
“Bonds? Do you have any?” Lance’s gorgeous eyes widened in surprise.
“Yes, from the Leonard family. When I worked with them previously, I asked for bonds instead of commission. Now that their business is doing well, I assume the bonds are worth quite a bit now. Also, if I am not wrong, they would be useful for Sky Precision if the company wishes to establish itself here,” Sasha casually explained. 
Lance was silenced and in awe of her foresight. Few could read the volatile financial markets well like her. 
The trio went into the elevator and proceeded to the top floor, where they finally met the Jetronian in charge of Sky Precision. 
“How are you, Mr. Hashimoto? I am Solomon, a friend of Mr. Matsushima.” 
“Come on in.” The response from Hashimoto was lukewarm, so he probably was not well acquainted with Matsushima. 
Solomon was a little embarrassed, but thankfully, Sasha did not read much into it. When Hashimoto allowed their entry, she immediately entered with Lance. 
“Greetings, Mr. Hashimoto! I wonder if you still remember me? I was with Mr. Andy Rind when we met at Wall Street not too long ago.” 
“Oh, it’s you!” He remembered her. 
However, he added puzzledly, “What is the purpose of your visit today? Mr. Rind did not inform me about this meeting.” 
Not surprisingly, he only recognized Andy as his business partner. 
Solomon was about to speak up for Sasha when she strode over to Hashimoto confidently. “I am not representing Mr. Rind today. I came to meet you on my own.”
“On your own?” 
“Yes. I wonder if you have heard about the Leonard family that nearly went into bankruptcy some years back.” She started her sales pitch. 
As she had expected, her speech incited an enthusiastic response from the Jetroinian. 
“Of course! The fact that they made a comeback was headline news back then.” 
“Yes, and what I would like to share with you is that I was the one who helped them make that comeback, Mr. Hashimoto.” Sasha smilingly introduced herself and presented some evidence to prove her case. 
Hashimoto’s eyes widened in astonishment when he saw the documented proof. 
He could not believe the young lady in front of him could help the Leonard family out of that major crisis. 
For the longest time, he stood there speechless, looking at the proof, then at Sasha. 
It was understandable he had difficulty associating a young lady like her with such a feat. 
Sasha gave him a big smile and added, “You don’t believe me, do you, Mr. Hashimoto? Then let me tell you something else. The recent crash of stock price for Hayes Corporation was also my work.” 
That revelation stunned both Hashimoto and Solomon, and Lance’s eyes twitched at that shocking news. 
What an impressive woman!
###Chapter 302
Chapter 302
The Jetroinian finally believed Sasha, and they sat down for a serious discussion. 
As expected, he was very keen on the Leonard bonds and readily agreed to buy them over at more than double the market rate that was almost ten million. 
It was pure net profit for Sasha because she did not pay a single cent for those bonds. 
They immediately prepared a contract for the deal to her elation. 
Bang! 
At that crucial moment, a heavily tattooed middle-aged man wearing a thick gold chain kicked the door to the suite open. 
It was Andy. 
Everyone in the room was flustered, especially Solomon, since he was the one who proposed going behind Andy’s back. 
“Well done, Nancy! Why did you not share the good news that you closed a major deal with Mr. Hashimoto?” 
“Mr. Rind, I…” 
“Mr. Rind, it is my fault. I knew she was in need of the money, so I came up with this idea. Hope you can forgive her on my account.” Solomon stood in front of Sasha to take the blame. 
Andy was polite when he asked Solomon for help to recruit Sasha, but that changed when he showed his true, arrogant self to Solomon.
“On your account? Mr. George, I have yet to blame you for introducing such an undesirable character to me. Now you have the cheek to ask me to forgive her on your account? How much is your account worth? Oh, sure, I will do that if you hand over the contract she just signed to me,” he sneered. 
“You…” Solomon was speechless with anger. 
However, he could not retaliate at all as Andy’s bouncers had entered and filled the room. 
“What shall we do, Solomon?” Sasha sounded terrified. 
She was not about to hand over the contract to Andy because that was her last asset. If he took that from her, she would have nothing to her name. Moreover, those bonds belonged to her, so he had no right to snatch them from her. 
She tried to hide the contract from their sight, but when the men saw her action, they rushed over and demanded, “Hand that over!” 
“No! That is mine! Why should I hand it to you?” All colors had drained from Sasha’s face. Still, she stubbornly held on to the contract. 
At the same time, she looked at Solomon with pleading eyes, hoping he could come to her rescue. 
Unfortunately, her friend was in no position to help her, as the man had a knife to his neck. 
Sasha was in total despair. A young lad in a blue hoodie stepped up from behind her when the men were about to snatch her contract away. 
Lance said nonchalantly, “Sha, since he wants it so badly, why don’t you just give it to him?” 
“Wh… what?” Sasha’s eyes twitched as she watched him take the contract from her hand.
“No, Lennie! I can’t let him have that! That is our last hope. If I lose it, I will not have any chance to rebuild our family again!” 
“It’s alright, Sha. Even if he gets it, he can’t get out of the hotel.” Lance extended his hand to offer Andy the contract. 
His words shocked everyone into silence. 
Can’t get out of the hotel? What is that supposed to mean? 
Does he not realize what is happening now? Is he a moron? 
Andy and his men roared in laughter, tickled by Lance’s words. They were curious why a young chap like him would utter such boastful words. 
On the other hand, Sasha and Solomon were ashen-faced, worried Lance was taking his joke too far with these hostile men. 
However, they soon realized those men were not laughing anymore and were staring at Andy in horror. 
“What is that? The red dot on your face!” 
“Is that… is that… a sniper rifle?” 
“Sniper… rifle?” 
Chaos erupted as the men dived into hiding positions. 
Andy desperately wanted to dive for safety too, but he dared not move a single muscle with the red dot still on his forehead.
“D.. don’t! L-Let’s talk it over, young man!” he stammered as he slowly raised his trembling hands up to a surrender pose. 
This twist of event bewildered Sasha and Solomon. They could not believe what they heard! 
Sniper rifle? 
What sniper rifle? What is happening? 
Solomon turned to look at Andy, and sure enough, there was a red laser light right between the latter’s brows! 
OMG! 
This is unbelievably terrifying! 
In the end, Andy had no choice but to leave them alone. 
However, once he left the room and was safe from the sniper’s aim, the menacing look returned to his eyes.
###Chapter 303
Chapter 303
“I’ll remember what you did today!” he growled. 
Sasha was tidying her documents in the room, so Lance was the only one standing at the doorway watching Andy. 
When he heard the threat, he casually retorted, “You are right. I will remember what you did today as well!” 
“What did you say?” 
“I said, I will remember you as well. Count yourself lucky that bullet isn’t in your brain. If this happened in the past, doing what you did after taking a billion from me, you would be riddled with holes like a shooting target board already.” Lance leaned in and whispered eerily into Andy’s ear. Following that, he removed his thick glasses to reveal a pair of sinister-looking eyes. 
Andy’s eyes widened in shock! 
A billion? 
He said it was his billion? 
He turned to take a close look at that handsome face next to him. The next moment, all colors drained from his face. 
No! This is not possible. This can’t be true! 
Fear overwhelmed him and he fell stiffly onto the floor. 
“Mr. Rind, Mr. Rind…” His men got flustered and panicked.
Sasha and Solomon were finalizing the contract with Mr. Hashimoto in the room when they heard the commotion, so they rushed out immediately. 
“What happened? Why are you out here, Lennie?” she asked with concern. 
“Oh, I saw him fell to the ground, so I came out to check on him.” Lance put on his glasses and calmly replied. 
What a reckless kid! 
His nonchalant attitude nearly gave Sasha a heart attack. She quickly pulled him back into the room and warned, “You stay away from these people, okay?” 
“Okay. I will.” 
Solomon could only helplessly watch on. Despite his misgivings about what happened, there was nothing he could do. It was an unexpected twist of the event. 
He had thought that by helping Sasha close this deal, he would be her knight in shining armor. Never in his dreams did he expect the hero would turn out to be Lance! 
He hired a sniper? 
Isn’t he just a college kid? How did he know about this and pull it off? 
When he re-entered the room, Lance was helping Sasha pack up, and the two were standing close together. 
“Lennie, how did you come up with the idea of getting a sniper? And where did you get the contact for such service?” He had to ask. 
Sasha turned her gaze on her cousin as well.
Lance got nervous and started stammering again. “I… I… I got it from the black market. Your… your friend gave me the contact, Solomon.” 
Solomon was speechless, caught off-guard as he did not expect his friend to be involved as well. 
“Solomon’s friend? The one who has kindly accommodated us?” 
“Yes. I was worried the place would not be safe for the two of us, so I asked him for advice. His contact was expensive, Sha. It costs me five thousand.” He nervously evaded Sasha’s eyes for fear of being reprimanded. 
“Don’t be silly! You saved our family with just five thousand. If not for you, we would have lost everything! It is okay. I won’t blame you. In fact, I will even reward you for what you did!” Sasha softened her tone to console him. 
“Really?”’ 
“Of course! Tell me what you want. It can be in cash too! You are a big boy now, so you can get anything you want.” 
“You are the best, Sha!” 
The two of them chatted away happily, leaving a frowning Solomon in the cold. 
The man could not accept Lance’s explanation wholeheartedly like Sasha. There was a lot to be suspicious about, and he wrecked his brain trying to find fault with the explanation. 
Solomon could not believe a college kid who just arrived in the city knew how to make such calculated moves.
After Sasha closed her first successful deal in the financial industry, she immediately transferred all the money into Jackson’s account. 
When Lance saw that, he was concerned. “You gave everything to Uncle Jackson? Ain’t you worried he would keep everything for himself?” 
“No, I am not worried. I would not blame him, even if he really does that. I owe him too much.” 
Her voice was filled with deep sadness, and Lance got heavy-hearted, too. 
When will she let go of this emotional burden? 
He clenched his fist in agony for a long time before continuing, “But I heard his daughter’s death was not your fault. She brought it upon herself! Why do you want to take responsibility for that?” 
“How can I not take responsibility? She brought that upon herself, but she was the only child Uncle Jackson and Aunt Sharon had. How could I forgive myself, now that she is gone?”
###Chapter 304
Chapter 304
Sasha could finally pour her heart out to someone. Lance was the only family she had and the only one she could confide in. 
He kept quiet, but his eyes had dulled considerably. 
He did not understand why she had to do it, and he did not want to understand. If he accepted that reasoning, the rift between them would become greater. Then all hope would be lost. 
Lance finally went back into his room and stayed inside the entire night. 
Sasha was not worried. She reasoned he needed the rest after the exhausting two days. 
Solomon was happy Lance was absent. When he heard the latter was still asleep, he invited Sasha out for breakfast. 
“Lance may still be sleeping. Let’s have our breakfast first. We can bring some food for him on our way back,” he proposed. 
After some hesitation, Sasha agreed. Solomon finally got to go on a date with her. Alone. 
Of course, it was just wishful thinking on his part. 
“What are your plans now that you have clinched your first deal? Although Andy was deterred by the sniper Lance hired yesterday, I worry he might still come after you.” 
“I think so too.” Sasha frowned as she looked up from her plate of food. 
She had the same concern, but unfortunately, she had yet to come up with a solution. After all, Wall Street was Andy’s territory. It wouldn’t be easy to avoid him since he had absolute advantage.
Solomon was pleased to hear that she shared his concern. “Why don’t we head back to Clear? You have made a name for yourself with this Sky Precision deal, so I am sure prospective clients will come knocking at your door soon.” 
He prayed hard that she would agree to leave with him because he felt the place had become too dangerous for them to stay on. Moreover, he wished she was closer to him, so he could meet her every day. 
To his disappointment, she disagreed. 
“No, here is a better place for work. I’ll think of a way to deal with Andy,” she replied cautiously, then went back to eating her breakfast. 
Solomon was in no position to insist, so he left it as it was. 
Midway through their breakfast, Sasha’s phone rang, and she picked the call. “Good morning. Who is that speaking?” 
“Good morning, Ms. Nancy. Are you alright? Why aren’t you at work yet? You are already an hour late.” 
“What?” Sasha could not believe her ears. She thought it was a misdirected call. 
“Ms. Nancy, please hurry back to the office. Mr. Andy has an important assignment for you.” 
Pfftt! 
Sasha was so shocked that she spat her coffee. 
Sebastian was back in Avenport. The first thing he did was to rush to the hospital. 
“What happened? Why is Matteo sick again?”
“I have no idea. During your absence, they stayed at the Hayes residence. Maybe Mr. Hayes Sr. was too obliging, and they overindulged themselves,” Luke explained as he drove them to the hospital. 
Frederick brought the children to stay with him because he was worried that they wouldn’t be properly cared for in Frontier Bay in his son’s absence. 
Sebastian could only frown in silence. 
Twenty minutes later, they arrived at the People’s Hospital. 
Before he could reach the ward, Sebastian saw a woman carrying Matteo and making her way out of the hospital. 
“Roxanne? What are you doing here? Why are you carrying Matteo?” 
When Roxanne saw it was Sebastian, her face lit up as she hurried over with the child. “You are back, Sebastian! This hospital sucks. I brought your son here for treatment, but they can’t even handle a simple case of fungi poisoning,” she complained. 
Luke, who was next to Sebastian, pleaded, “Ms. Rocke, you must be kidding. I am sure such a big hospital can manage his illness. I hope you are not trying to sneak him out. He is sick, so please leave him alone.” 
It was strange that Luke was pleading with Roxanne, but Sebastian wasn’t in the mood to probe into it. Frowning, he strode over and took the child from her arms. 
“Matteo?” 
“Daddy, you are back…”
The limp little body was burning hot. It shocked and pained Sebastian to hear the lifelessness in his baby’s voice. 
His face fell as he hurriedly brought the child back into the hospital. 
The doctor started complaining the moment he saw them. “Mr. Hayes, Matteo is suffering from gastroenteritis, but this lady wants to take him away from our hospital. She insists that we’re not qualified.”
###Chapter 305
Chapter 305
Roxanne was hopping mad when she heard his accusation. “You couldn’t stop his diarrhea since his admission yesterday. What does that prove? You are lousy because you failed to find the cause of his illness!” she countered. 
“You… It takes time for the medication to take effect! There is no miracle drug that can instantly cure someone.” Her unreasonable expectations frustrated the doctor. 
“Well, of course there are. He is a five-year-old kid. Don’t you know it can be fatal for him if you can’t stop his diarrhea?” 
Her words hit Sebastian like a thunderbolt, who became extremely worried and flustered at the limp little figure in his arms. 
“Enough! Get the car,” he ordered. 
“Huh?” Luke was shocked, but Roxanne, on the other hand, was elated. 
“Yes, let’s go. You can’t go wrong taking my advice!” she declared. 
She had every reason to be confident as a doctor. In some aspects, she was also a genius. 
Sebastian rushed Matteo to Roxanne’s research laboratory. True enough, his condition stabilized after she gave him a dose of medication. 
“See! I told you it was a fungi poisoning.” 
“Fungi poisoning? What fungi?” He took his eyes off his son and turned to ask. 
“Fungi are mushrooms. But the strange thing is the mushrooms in the market are all edible and safe for consumption. How did your son get sick? What did he eat at his grandpa’s place?”
Sebastian could not give Roxanne an answer because he was away from his kids during this period. 
Noting his silence, she added, “This could lead to fatal consequences. What if there is a delay and something bad happens to him?” 
Sebastian’s face paled. He vowed he would let nothing untoward happen to his kids, but the fact was, it nearly happened. 
He could not imagine what would have happened if he had come back a little later, or Roxanne wasn’t around. 
He stood by Matteo’s bedside, devastated, and clutched his son’s tiny hand. His heart filled with guilt and self-blame. 
“I know you are extremely busy, but since you brought him into this world, you have to be responsible for him. What is more important—money or his life?” Roxanne could not help but nag. 
After that, she took Matteo’s blood sample to the laboratory for testing, as she felt something was amiss. 
Sebastian sat there in silence, deep in thoughts. 
Without a doubt, he would give up everything for his three kids if it were up to him. Sadly, someone else thought otherwise and decided to abandon them. 
Sebastian kept a vigil by Matteo’s bedside, not taking a step away from his precious son. 
In the middle of the night, the boy finally woke up. When he opened his eyes and saw his father next to him, he moved his little hand weakly. “Daddy…”
“Hmm?” Sebastian was about to doze off, but he sprang up upon hearing Matteo’s voice and was instantly wide awake. 
“Matt, you are awake? That is great! Are you feeling okay?” he asked while caressing his son’s face. 
Matteo had never seen his father in such an anxious state. With a comforting figure next to him, he let go of his pent-up emotions. 
“Daddy, where did you go? Are you and Mommy leaving us? Are you going to divorce?” he wailed. 
This was a boy who had never cried, even when life was difficult for the family when his mommy brought them up single-handedly. 
His brother and sister had broken down during the trying period when their parents were at odds, but he maintained a positive mindset. 
At that moment, he cried his heart out. 
Sebastian was shattered. He scooped his son up from the bed and cradled him in his arms. 
“Of course not. How could we leave you? The three of you are our precious babies, and I would give up everything for you.” 
“But Mommy is not back. She has left us, right?” The sad look in Matteo’s teary eyes pierced Sebastian’s heart like a dagger, leaving it bleeding. 
He took a deep breath but could not find words to console his son. 
He had no idea. Maybe she really left for good… 
After all, she had clearly told him she did not want them anymore.
Sebastian was big and strong and had the power to lord over everyone at work. However, at that moment, his heart crumpled into pieces as a sense of helplessness overwhelmed him.
###Chapter 306
Chapter 306
He did not know what to do. Looking at the sick son in his arms, he felt a wave of anger and bitterness grew in him. 
That fury intensified when he saw the photo of a glowing Sasha next to a bespectacled man in a posh city. 
How could you be so cruel, Sasha? 
Do you only think of the Wands and the Blackwoods? What about us? What about your three flesh and blood? Don’t we mean anything to you? 
Sasha had a fruitful day. She was surprised Andy had asked her back to work after the humiliating confrontation the day before. Moreover, he also handed her a lucrative deal that enabled her to earn more than a million. 
It was unbelievable, but she decided not to think too much about it. After all, she got the commission in hand. 
“Tell me, Lennie, what do you want? I’ll buy it for you today.” Sasha happily asked Lance, who was just behind her, as they walked out of Wall Street with the commission safely in her account. 
It was a promise she made to him at the hotel the day before, but she had been too busy to fulfill it. 
Lance politely rejected her offer. “It is not necessary. I don’t need anything. Keep the money for future investment.” 
Sasha was puzzled by his change in attitude. 
He was elated when she agreed to reward him the day before, but now he declined her offer so formally.
She felt awkward by his behavior since she preferred his earlier carefree and easy interaction. 
She suspected Solomon had lectured him again, causing the change in his attitude. 
That night, Sasha transferred the million to Jackson’s account again. 
Lance saw that but kept quiet and just headed back to his room for the night. 
They went through the same routine over the next few days—working at Andy’s office in the day, and transferring the commissions they earned to Jackson in the night. 
A week later, she received a call from Jackson. 
“What are you trying to do, Sasha? Why do you keep sending us money? Are you trying to make up to us with money? Do you think this will make us forgive you?” he howled. 
“No… no, Uncle Jackson. I… I can explain.” She was flustered by his accusation and tried to explain herself. 
However, the infuriated man would not give her the chance to defend herself. “If you have the time, why don’t you spend it on your kids? Fancy abandoning them and then trying to act like a saint to us. Do you think we will appreciate this?” he added, before slamming the phone on her. 
For a long while, Sasha stood there in a daze as her eyes brimmed with tears. His harsh words echoed in her ears. 
My kids… 
Like a volcano eruption, the suppressed feelings and longing she had for her children poured out uncontrollably. With trembling hands, she made a call. 
“Hello? Wendy? I’m Sasha.”
“Ms. Wand? Fancy receiving a call from you. It is about time.” 
Sasha was taken aback by the hostile and sarcastic attitude from Wendy, who had always been on good terms with her. 
She took a while to recompose herself, then softly asked, “I’m sorry, but I was really busy lately. How are the kids?” 
“Oh, you still care about them? I thought it would be out of sight, out of mind after you left.” 
“No, no, that is not true. I am their mother. How could I not care about them?” 
“What were you doing during this period, then? Where were you when Vivi was hospitalized? What were you doing when Matt nearly died? Huh?” Wendy interrogated. 
It pained her to see how the children had suffered. She also felt sorry for Sebastian, who was both emotionally and physically drained. 
Sasha was crestfallen. 
Vivi was sick? 
And Matt nearly died? 
When did that happen? Why wasn’t she informed? What happened? 
A dreaded wave of worry and fear threatened to bury her. Her hands were trembling so badly she could not hold on to the phone, so she hung up. 
Lance came into the room at that moment and shocked to see her in a state of panic. “What’s wrong, Sha?”
“Oh, Lennie! I… I gotta make a trip back. Can you help to take care of business here? Tell Andy… say… tell him I have to take a few days off to attend to some urgent matters.”
###Chapter 307
Chapter 307
She dashed into the room, grabbed a bag, and mindlessly started packing her belongings. 
Lance did not utter a word. He headed back into his room and booked her a flight. He had long wanted to buy her that ticket home. 
Sasha boarded the plane that very night and arrived in Avenport at daybreak. 
She hesitated about heading straight to Frontier Bay as she suspected Sebastian would still be there. 
She avoided him because she wasn’t sure if she wanted to see him or she was too guilty to face him after what happened to the kids. 
She waited until after eight before she rushed over to the villa. To her surprise, the gate locked. 
Why is it locked? 
Panicked, she ran to the security post to check with the guard there. “Excuse me. May I know why the gate for Royal Court One is locked?” 
“Oh, Royal Court One. Mr. Hayes has already moved out. It has been vacant for some time. It will probably be put on sale soon,” the security guard said with a sense of regret. 
It was disquieting news to Sasha! 
Moved? 
Where to? Why did he move? 
“Do you know where he has moved to? I need to find him,” she pressed anxiously.
The security guard shook his head. “I have no idea. I heard they had lots of unfortunate incidents during their stay here. The kids fell sick, one after another. I presume they found another place with a better environment for the kids.” 
A better environment for the kids? 
His comment was like rubbing salt on a wound, adding to her guilt. 
The fact that the kids taking turns to fall sick reverberated in her mind. 
I’m sorry, my sweeties. Mommy did not mean to make you suffer. 
Teary-eyed and out of desperation, she sought help from Brandon to find out her kids’ whereabout. 
“They moved because of Matteo. Since he fell sick, he has been getting treatment at Roxanne’s research laboratory. Sebastian bought a small house nearby for a temporary stay so it would be easier for him to care for Matteo.” Brandon reported his find over the phone. 
When Sasha heard that, she was overwhelmed and allowed her tears to flow uncontrollably. 
Brandon waited in silence to say something, but in the end, he quietly hung up. 
Twenty minutes later, Sasha arrived at the small house. 
Compared to Royal Court One, it was tiny without a garden or pool. The garage of Royal Court One was bigger than that house. 
Sasha clenched her fingers around her luggage handle more tightly, nervous. 
“Vivi, stop playing. Come and wash your hands before you take your breakfast, okay? We gotta go to preschool soon.”
“Okay!” 
Just as Sasha anxiously stepped up to the gate of the house, she heard that familiar voice. 
Before she could blink her eye, a little figure in pink crawled out from the bush and dashed toward the house. 
Vivi! That is my little Vivi! 
Tears filled her eyes again, and she immediately sprinted forward, shouting, “Vivi, Mommy is back!” 
The running little girl stopped abruptly, then turned around in confusion. 
Yes, that is my little girl, my sweetie! 
Sasha was overwhelmed. She dropped her luggage bag and rushed forward in tears to hug Vivian. 
Unexpectedly, her little sweetie, who used to stick to her like a leech, looked at her with wide-eyed shock. Suddenly, she turned around and ran away from Sasha! 
“Ms. Dolivo, come quickly!” Vivian screamed in fear and wept loudly. 
Sasha stopped in her path, dumbstruck, while she tried to make sense of what had just happened. 
What’s happening? 
Why did my precious little sweetie run away in fear? She should be running into my arms, not away! 
Sasha felt a piercing pain in her heart, so painful she felt she could not breathe. 
Wendy heard Vivian cry. After carrying the girl, she came out to investigate with the other two children in toil.
When the children and mother met, they all froze.
###Chapter 308
Chapter 308
It had been almost two months since she left them. When she finally saw their adorable faces after a long sixty days, she wanted to rush over to hug them all in her arms. 
However, her worst nightmare came true. Her two sons behaved like their sister. 
She expected them to rush toward her ecstatically, just like how she felt about them. Sadly, that did not happen. Instead, the boys looked at her coldly, as if she was a fragment of their imagination. Perhaps they were disappointed in her and did not wish to get close to her anymore. 
They don’t want me anymore? 
She felt the stinging pain in her heart again. Then she swayed briefly and stumbled toward them. 
“Little Ian, Matt, it’s Mommy! I’m back! Can you come over and let me hug you? I’m really sorry. I shouldn’t have left you,” she cried. 
At that moment, she was truly remorseful. 
Why did I leave? These are her kids, and they did no wrong. 
Weeping uncontrollably, Sasha kneeled in front of the children. 
Finally, Matteo stepped forward and looked at her, tears all over his sunken cheeks. He chokingly asked, “Why… did you… leave without a-a word? Why did you… stay away for so… long?” 
“I…” 
“You don’t want me anymore, do you?” the boy piteously questioned her. 
“No, no, that’s not true! I would never abandon you. Matt, they have to kill me to take me away from you.” She shook her head violently in denial.
She was desperate to explain and to seek their forgiveness. 
Vivian came forward and chipped in, “Then why did you not call us? Don’t you know I was sick? Why did you not ask for me?” Her child-like voice was cracking, and she was choking on tears, too. 
Sasha’s face paled. She badly wanted to hug her girl, but under that tearful gaze, she lost her courage to do so. 
Indeed, she lost the right to seek their forgiveness, and she had to earn their love again. 
She had left them and told Sebastian she did not want them anymore. For two whole months, she did not bother to call or check on them. 
Sasha collapsed on the floor in devastation. 
The atmosphere was stifling and filled with sorrow. 
Wendy was watching them and wanted to step up to help. 
Before she could do that, the remaining kid stepped forward to his mother. He gazed at her, then stretched out his little hand to wipe the tears off Sasha’s eyes. 
“Don’t be sad, Mommy. They were upset because they missed you too much,” Ian said. 
“What?” Sasha looked at her eldest son in disbelief. 
Ian continued to wipe her tears gently while adding, “It will be alright so long as you promise you won’t leave us again.” 
What a big relief after that horrifying experience!
Sasha stared gratefully at Ian, who was wise beyond his age. Her tears flowed uncontrollably again, and she held him tightly in her embrace. Matteo and Vivian joined them, and the four wept in joy. 
She was grateful to be blessed with such sensible and lovable children. 
Wendy was relieved as she, too, could not help but weep. 
Ian really had the characteristic of an eldest child. He was more sensible and mature, just like their father. 
Sebastian was poring through a pile of documents when he heard the news. His pen tip snapped under pressure as he clenched his fist in anger. 
His horrifying fury caused Luke to freeze in silence. 
“Who gave her permission to see the kids? Throw her out!” he barked through tightly clenched jaws. 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes. I will see to that immediately.” Luke shuddered and instantly left to make the necessary arrangement. 
He could understand his boss’ anger. 
Sebastian was stretched thin during this period, taxed by a busy work schedule and Matteo’s illness. With the support of his staff, work was still manageable. However, even under Roxanne’s care, Matteo had not fully recovered, and the sleepless nights drained him further. 
It was preposterous and arrogant for Sasha to sashay in at her own whim to visit the kids after being away for two months. Who did she think she is?
###Chapter 309
Chapter 309
Sasha sent Vivian and Ian to their preschool. 
It was the same one, but the Hayes had brought in a brand new team to run the school. 
“Remember to come to pick us ya, Mommy!” Vivian reminded her repeatedly at the gate. She had gotten over her disappointment and was back to being the little clingy angel she used to be. 
“Of course! I will bring a strawberry cake for my sweetie. And Ian, I will make you your favorite berry pie, ya,” Sasha joyfully promised them. 
“Yes!” The cool little guy, Ian, could not hide his excitement and nodded happily. 
After they entered the school compound, Sasha immediately went back home. She was extremely worried and wanted to examine Matteo herself to find out what was wrong with him. 
Unfortunately, there were already a few men in black guarding the gate when she arrived. 
“Ms. Wand, Mr. Hayes has given instructions that you are not allowed into the house.” 
“Why? I am the children’s mother. Why can’t I go in?” 
“He said you should know the reason. He wants you to leave immediately or we will have to throw you out.” The men coldly gave her the ultimatum. 
Sasha did not expect this brutal blow. 
I should know the reason? 
Did he mean the time when I said I don’t want the kids anymore? 
But it was an impulsive comment I made in the fit of anger. I never meant it!
Sasha panicked and hurriedly tried to explain to the men. “Please, listen to me. I said those words during a heated quarrel with him. It was said in the fit of anger; I did not mean it.” 
“We do not need to know your conversation. We are only acting on Mr. Hayes’ instruction. Please do accordingly, Ms. Wand.” The men did not mince their words and had no intention of giving in. 
Sasha was ashen-faced because she had not expected Sebastian would be so harsh on her. 
However, she could not blame him for doing that. She had indeed said she did not want the kids anymore and then disappeared from their lives for a full two months. It wasn’t wrong of him to be angry or to stop her from seeing them now. 
Sasha was utterly devastated. She stared longingly at the house for a long while, then listlessly dragged herself away. 
After she left, the men made a call., “Mr. Scott, we have gotten rid of that woman.” 
Luke was at a loss for words. He glanced toward the closed door of Sebastian’s office and silently hung up. 
His boss was reacting abnormally, which made him worried. Although he had fumed when he heard Sasha was back and met the kids, he was unusually calm after that. 
If Sebastian was his usual self, he would have raged at everyone who crossed his path and traumatized all the staff. 
Why the calmness? 
Is this the quiet before the storm? Or is he waiting for the right moment to seek revenge on her? 
Luke was deeply disturbed.
“Mr. Scott, the receptionist at the lobby called to say a Ms. Wand is requesting to see Mr. Hayes. Should they let her in?” 
“What?” Luke sputtered out the tea in his mouth in shock. 
OMG! It really is Murphy’s law at work. 
“Why let her in? Don’t you know one needs an appointment to meet Mr. Hayes?” He panicked and chided the clerk. 
Stunned at his reaction, she could only hold back her tears and kept apologizing for her mistake. 
“Damn…” Luke swore. 
A moment later, the door to Sebastian’s office swung open, and Luke immediately stood up. “Mr. Hayes, are you heading out?” 
“Yes, come along with me. I have an appointment at World Trade Center,” Sebastian listlessly said. His bloodshot eyes and tired look were evidence of the lack of a good rest. 
There was no sign of anger in him, though. 
Sebastian’s total lack of anger dazed Luke, but the latter soon snapped out of it as he grabbed the car keys and followed behind his boss. 
Maybe he has really let go of the matter… 
Sasha waited outside the building for a long time. 
She did not know what happened or why the clerk suddenly turned hostile and chased her away when all she did was ask to meet Sebastian.
Anyhow, she decided she could wait on the street outside the building. 
Sasha waited from morning to noon, then from noon till the office was about to close. Still, there was no sight of the man she had been waiting for.
###Chapter 310
Chapter 310
The people started gossiping about Sasha, for she had stayed too long outside. 
“Who’s that woman? Why is she standing outside our company?” 
“I have no idea, but I heard she’s here for our president.” 
“She’s here for Mr. Hayes?” 
Upon hearing that, the people gasped. The next moment, they started eyeing Sasha up and down disdainfully. 
“Are you kidding me? A woman like her is here for our president?” 
“Pfft! She should take a look at herself in the mirror!” 
Sasha had closed her ears to those harsh and derisive words. 
Suddenly, she recalled that she had promised to pick the kids up when she sent them to school in the morning. Hence, she grew agitated as the sky darkened. 
Oh, forget it. I better fetch the kids first. I can’t break my promise again. 
In the end, she left the company, her legs sore and aching. She then hailed a cab and headed toward the preschool. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian had been working for some time in his office when his phone beeped. 
It was a message from Karl: Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand is gone. 
Attached with the message was the photo of a woman’s back view as she left the company. 
Seeing that, Sebastian let out a sneer before putting his phone aside and resuming to work.
Half an hour later, he received a phone call from one of the bodyguards from the preschool. “Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand came to fetch the kids just now. We came into conflict with her and accidentally injured her.” 
Hearing the news, he raised his voice and asked in disbelief, “What did you say?” 
The man’s composure had come apart, and his face darkened without him realizing it. 
On the other end of the line, the bodyguard couldn’t help but shudder in fear. 
“W-When we tried to leave after getting the kids into the car, she suddenly rushed over like crazy. S-So, we accidentally knocked her over.” 
Sebastian’s mind went blank. Without a second thought, he hung up, grabbed his keys from the drawer, and rushed out of his office. 
Seeing that, Luke, who was preparing to get off work, gaped. 
What happened? 
Sasha had been knocked down by the car, but her injury was not serious. She only suffered some scratches on her leg and a small cut on the forehead. 
The kids struggled to get out of the car. Vivian trotted toward Sasha and threw herself into the latter’s arm. Her eyes reddened when she saw the injury on her mother’s forehead. 
“Why did you knock Mommy down? All of you are bad guys! Get lost! I don’t want to see you guys here!” she cried out. 
Ian’s face, too, had turned grim. 
“Scram!” the boy uttered through gritted teeth.
The bodyguards exchanged glances with each other in the face of the kids’ anger. 
Meanwhile, Sasha got up on her feet and casually wiped the blood off her forehead with her sleeve. She took the heat off the bodyguards by saying, “Vivian, Ian, don’t be mad at them. I’m fine.” 
“But…” Ian was about to say something when Sasha picked up a cookie box on the floor and handed it over to him. 
“I’m sorry, Ian. I was busy earlier today, so I didn’t get to make berry pie. But, I bought almond tarts for you from a pastry shop in Old Town. I ate these all the time when I was young.” 
Ian, however, didn’t care a bit about the treats. All he wanted was to see his mother. 
Nevertheless, he opened his mouth and ate the almond tart his mother fed him. After finishing the tart, the boy said while gazing at his mother’s wound, “Let’s go to the hospital.” 
“Huh? I’m fine. It’s just a small scratch. There’s no need to go to the hospital. I can treat it when I get home.” After a short pause, Sasha finally brought up the heavy topic. “Ian, actually, I have something I want to tell you.” 
That was actually one of the reasons for her to insist on coming to the preschool. 
Now that Sebastian refused to let her meet the kids, she needed to explain to them beforehand in case they misunderstood that she had abandoned them. 
She put on a good front and pulled them closer to her. 
“Little Ian, Vivi, perhaps… perhaps I can’t live with you guys for now. Something has happened between your Daddy and me, and we need some time to solve it. I promise I won’t leave you guys. We will solve the issue between us as soon as possible.”
Hearing that, despair surged within Ian. 
As for Vivian, the little girl had broken into tears. “No! Mommy, please don’t leave me! I want Mommy!” she sobbed out while wrapping her arms around Sasha, clinging to her. 
Sasha was at a loss, not knowing how to comfort the kids. 
Just then, a black Bentley appeared on the road outside the preschool. The man in the car stomped on the brakes and stopped the car not far away from them. 
Sasha was already distressed by Vivian’s sobbing, and when she saw the Bentley, her face turned paler. 
He’s finally here!
###Chapter 311
Chapter 311
“Mr. Hayes!” 
Sebastian uttered a response as he got out of the car, his face impenetrable. He had worn a dark grey suit, which complemented his near-perfect physique and accentuated his distinguished air. 
Sasha was feeling dazed as she subconsciously held her breath. 
“Sebastian…” 
Without sparing a glance at her, the man ordered coldly, “Take the kids away.” 
His words knocked Sasha sideways. 
No way! They can’t take my kids away from me! 
She hugged the kids tightly in her arms. Her ashen face, the fear in her eyes, and the bloodstain on her forehead made a dreadful sight. 
“No! Please, don’t! Sebastian, can’t we talk about this?” 
The kids began crying out loud, “No! I don’t want to leave Mommy! I want Mommy!” 
Seeing that the bodyguards hesitated to do as he said, the cold-hearted Sebastian went over to snatch the kids from Sasha. 
Sasha had lost her cool. Disregarding her injury, she lurched forward to grab the man’s arm and pleaded, “No! Sebastian, please don’t take them away from me! I admit I was wrong, and I shouldn’t have said something like that. I’ll take it back! Please…” 
Yet, Sebastian was unmoved. Ignoring Sasha’s pleading, he stuffed the kids into the car. Soon, the bodyguards got into the car and drove off.
Sasha could do nothing but watch as the car sped off into a distance. 
At that instant, the feeling of despair descended on her. She experienced a temporary blackout of vision and was about to collapse onto the ground. 
Suddenly, Sebastian pulled her into his arms and encircled her. With his bloodshot eyes boring into hers, the man uttered harshly, “Oh, drop the act, will you? Don’t you remember how nonchalant you were when you said you didn’t want the kids? You’ve lived a carefree life without caring about them. So, there’s no need to act pitiful now.” 
Sasha’s mind was buzzing. Those words had pierced through her heart, tearing it into smithereens. 
“No… I… I didn’t act pitiful. If I could travel back in time, I would never say something like that.” 
Hearing her words, Sebastian hit the roof, and he retorted sarcastically, “Do you think you deserve forgiveness just because you regret your actions? Does that mean you can forgive what my dad had done to you if he regrets it? And that you’ll treat Xenia’s death like it has never happened before? 
“Look, you can’t even do it yourself! Then, how can you ask for someone else’s forgiveness? Don’t you think it’s funny?” 
The man thought the problems between them were irreconcilable. Slowly, he loosened his grip around her. 
There was not a trace of emotions in his eyes as the feeling of hopelessness, anger, and disappointment dissipated. 
As for Sasha, the man’s cutting words hit her hard. 
She wanted to tell him that what she did was totally different from what Frederick had done to her, yet she eventually swallowed her words.
After all, the man was telling the truth. It was too late for regrets. 
Be it the hurtful words that she said, or the things the Hayes family did, what was done could not be undone. 
When she herself couldn’t forgive them, how could she, a woman who abandoned her kids, ask for Sebastian’s forgiveness? 
Sasha’s heart wrenched in pain while her ears buzzed. She could taste a metallic taste in her mouth. 
Without bothering to talk to her anymore, Sebastian turned away and got into his car. 
Just as he started the engine, he saw the petite figure staggering to her feet from the corner of his eyes. The woman had supported herself against the flowerbed by the roadside, staring blankly at her palm. 
The next second, she fainted. 
When she collapsed onto the ground, he could clearly see blood on her palm from the rearview mirror. 
Sasha was dreaming again. 
In her dream, she was a little girl. Her parents had brought her to Avenport. Yet, she didn’t get to see the little boy who was five years older than her again. 
“Sasha, want to go to your Uncle Jackson’s house? There’s a girl about your age. She’s your cousin.” 
“Sure!” 
Then, her parents brought her to Jackson’s house.
She was happy in the dream. It felt like she was brought back to her childhood, once again experiencing those lovely memories. All those problems and worries were gone, and all that was left were the Wand and Hayes family. 
How nice this is… 
Meanwhile, Wendy was cleaning up the room when she saw Sasha shedding tears in her sleep. She couldn’t help but sigh. 
When she left the room, she saw that Sebastian’s study was still brightly lit. Being a soft-hearted person, she entered the study to tell Sebastian about it. “Oh, Mr. Hayes, why would you take Madam’s words to heart? I can tell that Madam is not a cold-hearted person. She only said those words out of anger.”
###Chapter 312
Chapter 312
There was a pile of documents before Sebastian, but the man was smoking instead of working. The cigarette crackled amidst the silence, and the ashtray was loaded with cigarette butts. 
“Out of anger?” He curled his lips into a sneer. “That woman doesn’t even want her kids.” 
“How is that possible?” Wendy’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
“Madam loves the kids so much! Why would she abandon them? There’s just too much going on in her life. She’s shouldering too many burdens, so she probably wasn’t in the right state of mind.” Wendy had been taking care of Sebastian since he was a kid, so she wouldn’t want to see him make any wrong decisions. Hence, she advised him earnestly, “Mr. Hayes, you need to give her some time. If you force her, it will only make the matter worse. If anything happens to her, what are you going to do with the kids? She’s their mother, after all.” 
In fact, Wendy could see through the matter better than Sebastian. She could tell Sasha’s suffering and all her struggles. The latter’s current mental state was no better than a person walking at the edge of a cliff, to say at least. 
No one could tell if anything might happen to her if Sebastian continued to force her. 
After Wendy left, the light in the study remained lit for a long time. 
The next morning, Roxanne dropped by. 
“Ms. Rocke, you’re here so early today!” 
“Well, I have something I need to attend to later, so I’ve decided to come earlier to check on that woman. How is she now? Was she doing okay last night?”
Roxanne made herself at home. As soon as she entered the house, she grabbed an apple from the table before heading upstairs. 
Wendy quickly followed suit. 
“Everything was fine, and she was quiet last night. Does this mean she’s alright now?” 
“She only vomited a little blood after getting hit by the car. She’ll be fine as long as she doesn’t suffer any head injuries,” Roxanne explained calmly while walking toward the guest room located on the second floor. 
As soon as they opened the door, both of them jumped at the sight of Sasha standing by the window. 
“Ms. Wand, you’re awake? Why are you standing by the window? The wind is blowing hard outside. You should put on a jacket.” 
Wendy was badly frightened. It was eerie to see Sasha dressed only in her thin pajamas while standing still with her hair cascading down her back. 
Roxanne, too, was so shocked that she had forgotten to swallow the apple in her mouth. 
Don’t tell me this woman has suffered a brain injury and lost her mind! 
Fortunately, when Wendy came back with a jacket, Sasha, who had been staring outside the window for a long time, finally returned to her senses. 
“I’m fine. I was only looking at the sky to tell the time,” she replied nonchalantly. 
Then, she went back to sit on the bed with Wendy’s help. 
Gazing at her pale face, Roxanne swallowed the food in her mouth and then entered the room. “You scared the hell out of me! I thought you lost your mind. How do you feel?”
Standing by the bed, she reached out her hand to examine Sasha. 
Yet, the latter, whose energy was being sapped by her injury, discreetly shunned away from her touch. 
“I’m fine. There’s no need to trouble you, Ms. Rocke.” 
Instantly, Roxanne’s face fell. She turned and left the room, munching on the apple on her way out. 
Seeing that, Wendy panicked. “Ms. Wand, why didn’t you let Ms. Rocke examine you? She was the one who treated your injuries yesterday.” 
Sasha cast her eyes downward and reassured Wendy, “I’m fine. Besides, I’m a doctor as well. I know my condition well, so there’s no need to worry about me.” 
“Oh, right! I forgot about that!” 
Wendy eventually cast her worries away. 
The two then chatted for a while in the room, and Wendy told Sasha about the things that happened after the latter fainted. 
Wendy left the room after a while. It was not long before she came back with the three kids. 
“Mommy, are you all right? You scared me yesterday. Let me have a look at your injury.” 
“Vivi, Mommy hasn’t recovered yet. Don’t climb onto the bed, or you might hurt her.” 
“Be a good girl. Come down now.” 
Sasha had almost thought it was a dream to see the kids in the room, showing their care for her. “Why…”
Wendy explained apologetically, “Ms. Wand, I need to go to the supermarket to do groceries. Can you help look after the kids? Since I’m the only housemaid, I usually send the kids to Ms. Rocke’s when I need to go shop for groceries.” 
Instantly, Sasha’s eyes widened in surprise while her body trembled in excitement. Her desolated heart had once again come alive. Without a second thought, she nodded in agreement. 
“You can definitely leave them in my care. There’s no need to send them to Ms. Rocke’s. I’ll take good care of them.” 
“Alright then.” 
With that, Wendy smilingly left. 
How could a nice lady like Sasha have bad intentions? She’s just a mother who wishes to be with her children and a poor woman who needs to shoulder all those burdens in life. 
That day, Sasha finally got the opportunity to spend time with the kids. 
Though, she was worried that Sebastian might appear and kick her out. Hence, she pretended that her leg hadn’t recovered and would occasionally fake headaches and dizziness.
###Chapter 313
Chapter 313
Sasha was finally able to stay thanks to her quick thinking. 
The kids were incredibly happy and ran up to her right after Sebastian left. 
“Mommy, Mommy! I was the one who stopped Daddy earlier! Did Vivi do a good job?” Vivian asked while throwing herself into Sasha’s arms. 
Sasha gave her a big hug and a few kisses on the cheek. 
“Yes, sweetie! You’re the best!” 
“What about me, Mommy? I was the one who discovered Daddy’s car and informed them to come over!” 
“Me too!” 
The other two tried to gain Sasha’s compliment as well when they heard her praising Vivian. 
Naturally, Sasha did just that, and the four of them were having a great time in the room until Matteo went pale all of a sudden. 
“Ugh…” 
Sasha was quick to notice that groan. She hugged him as she asked worriedly, “What’s wrong, Matteo? Are you not feeling well?” 
“Matt’s having a stomachache, Mommy! He’s been having them every now and then,” Vivian explained while rubbing his tummy. 
Stomachaches every now and then? What’s going on? Does gastroenteritis last that long in children?
Remembering her original goal, Sasha carried Matteo in her arms and ran off frantically looking for Wendy. 
“Wendy, what’s going on with Matt? Why isn’t he getting better? What exactly is his condition? Does the hospital have some sort of medical record I can refer to?” 
“Huh? Oh, Mr. Matteo didn’t go to a hospital for his condition. Ms. Rocke is the one in charge of his treatment. Mr. Hayes handed him over to her when the hospitals couldn’t treat him.” 
Wendy, who was busy in the kitchen at the time, told Sasha everything. 
Roxanne was the one treating him? 
Sasha had a bad feeling in her gut upon hearing that. “Even the hospitals couldn’t treat him? Is it that serious?” 
Wendy frowned. “I’m not too sure about that, but Ms. Rocke says it’s a fungal infection and has been working on finding the right medicine for it.” 
Sasha felt a shiver down her spine. 
Roxanne’s a genius when it comes to psychology and is obsessed with medicine! If she’s still unable to find the cure, then… What on earth is this illness Matteo has? 
Unable to contain her worries, Sasha handed Matteo over to Wendy and headed over to Roxanne’s research laboratory by herself. 
“Sasha? What are you doing here? Thought you didn’t even want to let me see him this morning?” 
Roxanne was the type to hold grudges and denied Sasha entry when she saw her at the door.
“I’m terribly sorry for my rude behavior earlier, Ms. Rocke. I came here to ask you about my son’s illness.” 
“Illness?” 
Roxanne’s attitude worsened when she heard her mention that. 
“You switched professions halfway through and didn’t even go to a medical university! How could you possibly understand a thing I’m researching?” 
For the sake of her son, Sasha humbled herself and swallowed her pride. “It’s true that I’m not as good as you are in certain aspects of medicine, but please show it to me anyway.” 
Fortunately, Roxanne was satisfied and let her in upon hearing that. 
“Don’t worry; I’ll make sure to get your son treated. In fact, I’ve already found a lead.” 
Sasha looked at her and asked, “You mean that fungal infection? But those are pretty common, no? Can’t we just treat it with antibiotics?” 
At that, Roxanne sneered and said, “That depends on the type of fungus. Do you have any idea what your son is infected with?” 
Sasha felt her heart sink once she heard that remark. 
What does she mean by that? What is Matteo infected with? 
As she followed Roxanne into the laboratory, Sasha noticed a microscope on the table with a blood sample on it. 
“I’m going to take a look at this.”
Realizing that the blood sample belonged to her son, Sasha went over to take a look at it before Roxanne could even say anything in response. 
Although Sasha wasn’t well-versed in western medicine, she had been a doctor long enough to view blood samples. 
Usually, the number of white blood cells would increase in the event of inflammations. However, the blood sample she saw had an abnormally low amount of white blood cells in it. 
“What’s going on here? Has his blood always been like this?” 
“Yeah. It’s gotten a lot better lately, though. There were barely any white blood cells when it all started!” Roxanne said with a cold snort. 
Sasha turned pale instantly. 
Barely any at all? That’s impossible! She’s probably exaggerating, but even so, it must’ve been really bad back then!
###Chapter 314
Chapter 314
Sasha was finally able to stay thanks to her quick thinking. 
The kids were incredibly happy and ran up to her right after Sebastian left. 
“Mommy, Mommy! I was the one who stopped Daddy earlier! Did Vivi do a good job?” Vivian asked while throwing herself into Sasha’s arms. 
Sasha gave her a big hug and a few kisses on the cheek. 
“Yes, sweetie! You’re the best!” 
“What about me, Mommy? I was the one who discovered Daddy’s car and informed them to come over!” 
“Me too!” 
The other two tried to gain Sasha’s compliment as well when they heard her praising Vivian. 
Naturally, Sasha did just that, and the four of them were having a great time in the room until Matteo went pale all of a sudden. 
“Ugh…” 
Sasha was quick to notice that groan. She hugged him as she asked worriedly, “What’s wrong, Matteo? Are you not feeling well?” 
“Matt’s having a stomachache, Mommy! He’s been having them every now and then,” Vivian explained while rubbing his tummy. 
Stomachaches every now and then? What’s going on? Does gastroenteritis last that long in children?
Remembering her original goal, Sasha carried Matteo in her arms and ran off frantically looking for Wendy. 
“Wendy, what’s going on with Matt? Why isn’t he getting better? What exactly is his condition? Does the hospital have some sort of medical record I can refer to?” 
“Huh? Oh, Mr. Matteo didn’t go to a hospital for his condition. Ms. Rocke is the one in charge of his treatment. Mr. Hayes handed him over to her when the hospitals couldn’t treat him.” 
Wendy, who was busy in the kitchen at the time, told Sasha everything. 
Roxanne was the one treating him? 
Sasha had a bad feeling in her gut upon hearing that. “Even the hospitals couldn’t treat him? Is it that serious?” 
Wendy frowned. “I’m not too sure about that, but Ms. Rocke says it’s a fungal infection and has been working on finding the right medicine for it.” 
Sasha felt a shiver down her spine. 
Roxanne’s a genius when it comes to psychology and is obsessed with medicine! If she’s still unable to find the cure, then… What on earth is this illness Matteo has? 
Unable to contain her worries, Sasha handed Matteo over to Wendy and headed over to Roxanne’s research laboratory by herself. 
“Sasha? What are you doing here? Thought you didn’t even want to let me see him this morning?” 
Roxanne was the type to hold grudges and denied Sasha entry when she saw her at the door.
“I’m terribly sorry for my rude behavior earlier, Ms. Rocke. I came here to ask you about my son’s illness.” 
“Illness?” 
Roxanne’s attitude worsened when she heard her mention that. 
“You switched professions halfway through and didn’t even go to a medical university! How could you possibly understand a thing I’m researching?” 
For the sake of her son, Sasha humbled herself and swallowed her pride. “It’s true that I’m not as good as you are in certain aspects of medicine, but please show it to me anyway.” 
Fortunately, Roxanne was satisfied and let her in upon hearing that. 
“Don’t worry; I’ll make sure to get your son treated. In fact, I’ve already found a lead.” 
Sasha looked at her and asked, “You mean that fungal infection? But those are pretty common, no? Can’t we just treat it with antibiotics?” 
At that, Roxanne sneered and said, “That depends on the type of fungus. Do you have any idea what your son is infected with?” 
Sasha felt her heart sink once she heard that remark. 
What does she mean by that? What is Matteo infected with? 
As she followed Roxanne into the laboratory, Sasha noticed a microscope on the table with a blood sample on it. 
“I’m going to take a look at this.”
Realizing that the blood sample belonged to her son, Sasha went over to take a look at it before Roxanne could even say anything in response. 
Although Sasha wasn’t well-versed in western medicine, she had been a doctor long enough to view blood samples. 
Usually, the number of white blood cells would increase in the event of inflammations. However, the blood sample she saw had an abnormally low amount of white blood cells in it. 
“What’s going on here? Has his blood always been like this?” 
“Yeah. It’s gotten a lot better lately, though. There were barely any white blood cells when it all started!” Roxanne said with a cold snort. 
Sasha turned pale instantly. 
Barely any at all? That’s impossible! She’s probably exaggerating, but even so, it must’ve been really bad back then!
###Chapter 315
Chapter 315
I can’t believe Matteo’s condition’s that bad… An extremely low white blood cell count signifies a severe infection, so this isn’t just a normal inflammatory response… In fact, it could lead to a blood disorder like septicemia or leukemia if his immune system can’t stop the infection! 
Sasha shuddered at the thought of that and asked in a trembling voice moments later, “How did this happen? What exactly happened to him?” 
“How would I know? He was already like this when they brought him over from his grandpa’s!” 
“His grandpa’s?” 
Sasha froze. 
Why would he be at the Hayes residence? What was Sebastian doing? Did he not watch over him? 
For some reason, Sasha had a really bad feeling when she found out that Matteo had gotten sick while staying at the Hayes residence. Matteo had gotten sick during his last visit there, so she didn’t like the place one bit and didn’t want her kids anywhere near it. 
With a grim look on her face, Sasha left Roxanne’s laboratory and went home. 
Her kids had been waiting for her and ran up to her the moment she came through the door. 
“How did things go at Ms. Rocke’s, Mommy? Did she manage to find a cure for Matt?” Vivian asked worriedly. 
Sasha forcefully suppressed her feelings of despair and sat down with Matteo on the bench in the yard. 
“Tell me, Matt. Did you eat anything nasty at your grandpa’s place before you got sick?” 
“No, we only ate the food Grandpa prepared for us himself.”
“Why did you get sick all of a sudden, then? There’s something wrong with your gastrointestinal tract, so it must’ve been something you ate. Try your best to recall what you’ve eaten during your time there.” 
Sasha tried to help him remember what happened back then, but Matteo kept quiet. 
Ian, who had been quiet the whole time, stood up all of a sudden. 
“He ate it for me, Mommy.” 
“What?” The look on Sasha’s face changed instantly. “What did he eat? What on earth were you two doing?” 
She was so agitated that she grabbed Ian by the hand and squeezed it till it turned red. 
Matteo noticed Ian’s painful expression and quickly stopped Sasha as he said, “It’s not Ian’s fault, Mommy! I volunteered to do it because I wanted to know if what Ian said was true!” 
“What do you mean? What’s true?” Sasha was still confused. 
The two then told her everything about what really happened. 
According to them, Matteo had suddenly fallen ill after going to the Hayes residence. As a result, Ian got into a huge fight with Frederick and refused to let Matteo visit the Hayes residence ever again. 
Matteo asked Ian about it when he found out later on, and the latter told him he had gotten sick whenever he visited Roderick. 
“Ian said I would get sick whenever I visited Great-uncle. He suspects I got sick after eating what Great-uncle gave me.” 
Sasha’s eyes were filled with shock when she heard that. “R-Really?”
Matteo nodded. “I didn’t believe him at first, so I tried eating the stuff they gave me when we visited Grandpa to prove it. I ended up getting sick afterward, so I’m not sure if this is just a coincidence or they’re trying to make me sick on purpose.” 
Sasha felt as if the air in the yard had stopped; it felt like everything around them was frozen in place. 
Her mind was in turmoil, and her entire body emanated an icy-cold aura as a mixture of anger, shock, and fear enveloped her. Her hands were trembling so hard that she couldn’t even hold on to Ian’s arms. 
There’s no way this is a coincidence! Matteo was never sick, and yet he falls ill on both occasions that he visited the Hayes residence? If that’s true, then… That means they’re responsible for Matteo’s poor health condition all this while! 
Sasha couldn’t bring herself to think about it any further. 
All she wanted was to head over to the Hayes residence and find out for herself if someone was indeed trying to harm Matteo. 
“Come on, you two. We’re heading over to the Hayes residence.” 
“Huh?” both of them exclaimed in surprise. 
Oh, no… Are we in trouble now? 
Having made up her mind, Sasha handed Vivian over to Wendy and left the house with her sons in tow. 
Sebastian, on the other hand, hadn’t concerned himself with the situation at home. 
The trip home earlier had eased his worries, and he had a lot more urgent matters at work to take care of, especially the anonymous report on him that the board of directors had suddenly received.
###Chapter 316
Chapter 316
“Mr. Hayes, someone has reported you for embezzling one billion.” 
“Embezzlement?” 
“Yeah. According to the letter, your ex-wife worked with Andy’s company to steal the money. As such, they have reason to believe that you’ve set this all up to get that money for yourself…” Luke said helplessly as he read the letter. 
These idiots… As if Mr. Hayes would even need to go through all that trouble for a mere billion! 
Sebastian simply rolled his eyes and chose to ignore the report after hearing that. 
To his surprise, a shareholder from the board of directors that was usually on his side came to confront him about the matter later that afternoon. 
“Sebastian, is it true what the report said about you? Tell me!” 
“What do you think?” Sebastian asked with an emotionless look on his face. 
The shareholder frowned. “Of course I know it isn’t true, but they’re suspecting you of being unable to control your behavior. According to them, they’ll have to take further measures if this is truly the case.” 
I’m unable to control my behavior? What’s the meaning of this? 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes and placed his pen down as he asked, “What are you trying to say? Are those old fools plotting something behind my back again?” 
The shareholder cleared his throat awkwardly before continuing, “You know the rumors about you that were circulating on the internet a while back? Well, the board of directors brought that up again recently. From what I’ve heard, someone has found evidence against you.”
Smack! 
The loud noise of something hitting the desk broke the deafening silence in his office. 
Evidence? What evidence? The one about my mental issue? 
Sebastian’s eyes went red with rage and looked as vicious as a wild beast’s. “All right, then. They can go ahead and present that so-called evidence! I want to see what trick they have up their sleeves!” 
“Calm down, Sebastian! This is serious! If the board of directors really does have solid evidence against you, you will be powerless against them!” 
The shareholder was quick to advise him when he saw how furious Sebastian was. 
Hayes Corporation is a joint-stock company. While the Hayes may be the head of the company at the moment, the board of directors reserves the right to make necessary changes if the head of the company is found guilty of causing losses to the company! 
Instead of calming down, the look in Sebastian’s simply grew colder when he heard that. 
“Then they’d better act fast and catch me before I go berserk and kill them all!” 
The shareholder stared speechlessly at Sebastian for what seemed like forever. 
The man was indeed crazy to a very terrifying extent, and that was a fact that everyone in the Hayes family knew very well, especially Roderick who watched him grow up. 
As such, he freaked out when he saw Matteo pour the kale soup he made into a tiny bottle instead of drinking it. 
What the hell is this brat trying to do?
His mind was in a mess as he quickly ran after Matteo. Upon turning a corner, he saw a familiar figure carry Matteo and take the bottle from him. 
“Did you get it?” 
“Yup! This is what he gave me, Mommy!” 
Matteo’s pale face blushed slightly from happiness after successfully collecting the evidence. 
Sasha patted him on the head and was going to meet up with Ian in the yard before leaving the house, but Roderick caught her the moment she turned around. 
“So, it was you, Sasha! You sure are a bold one, causing trouble in my home like this! Give it to me!” he shouted while kicking her in the stomach. 
Sasha was caught completely off guard. Luckily, she managed to push Matteo out of the way before she fell to the floor with a loud thud. 
“Mommy! Mommy!” Matteo yelled out in shock upon seeing that. 
Roderick then walked over to her and stared her down as he bellowed anxiously, “What are you two doing? Give it back to me!” 
Sasha was in so much pain that she could only curl into a ball and clutch her stomach in pain. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Uncle Roderick… Why did you kick me?” she muttered through clenched teeth and tried her best to avoid losing consciousness. 
Beads of cold sweat trickled down her face, and Matteo cried even louder when he saw that. “Mommy…”
###Chapter 317
Chapter 317
I can’t believe Matteo’s condition’s that bad… An extremely low white blood cell count signifies a severe infection, so this isn’t just a normal inflammatory response… In fact, it could lead to a blood disorder like septicemia or leukemia if his immune system can’t stop the infection! 
Sasha shuddered at the thought of that and asked in a trembling voice moments later, “How did this happen? What exactly happened to him?” 
“How would I know? He was already like this when they brought him over from his grandpa’s!” 
“His grandpa’s?” 
Sasha froze. 
Why would he be at the Hayes residence? What was Sebastian doing? Did he not watch over him? 
For some reason, Sasha had a really bad feeling when she found out that Matteo had gotten sick while staying at the Hayes residence. Matteo had gotten sick during his last visit there, so she didn’t like the place one bit and didn’t want her kids anywhere near it. 
With a grim look on her face, Sasha left Roxanne’s laboratory and went home. 
Her kids had been waiting for her and ran up to her the moment she came through the door. 
“How did things go at Ms. Rocke’s, Mommy? Did she manage to find a cure for Matt?” Vivian asked worriedly. 
Sasha forcefully suppressed her feelings of despair and sat down with Matteo on the bench in the yard. 
“Tell me, Matt. Did you eat anything nasty at your grandpa’s place before you got sick?” 
“No, we only ate the food Grandpa prepared for us himself.”
“Why did you get sick all of a sudden, then? There’s something wrong with your gastrointestinal tract, so it must’ve been something you ate. Try your best to recall what you’ve eaten during your time there.” 
Sasha tried to help him remember what happened back then, but Matteo kept quiet. 
Ian, who had been quiet the whole time, stood up all of a sudden. 
“He ate it for me, Mommy.” 
“What?” The look on Sasha’s face changed instantly. “What did he eat? What on earth were you two doing?” 
She was so agitated that she grabbed Ian by the hand and squeezed it till it turned red. 
Matteo noticed Ian’s painful expression and quickly stopped Sasha as he said, “It’s not Ian’s fault, Mommy! I volunteered to do it because I wanted to know if what Ian said was true!” 
“What do you mean? What’s true?” Sasha was still confused. 
The two then told her everything about what really happened. 
According to them, Matteo had suddenly fallen ill after going to the Hayes residence. As a result, Ian got into a huge fight with Frederick and refused to let Matteo visit the Hayes residence ever again. 
Matteo asked Ian about it when he found out later on, and the latter told him he had gotten sick whenever he visited Roderick. 
“Ian said I would get sick whenever I visited Great-uncle. He suspects I got sick after eating what Great-uncle gave me.” 
Sasha’s eyes were filled with shock when she heard that. “R-Really?”
Matteo nodded. “I didn’t believe him at first, so I tried eating the stuff they gave me when we visited Grandpa to prove it. I ended up getting sick afterward, so I’m not sure if this is just a coincidence or they’re trying to make me sick on purpose.” 
Sasha felt as if the air in the yard had stopped; it felt like everything around them was frozen in place. 
Her mind was in turmoil, and her entire body emanated an icy-cold aura as a mixture of anger, shock, and fear enveloped her. Her hands were trembling so hard that she couldn’t even hold on to Ian’s arms. 
There’s no way this is a coincidence! Matteo was never sick, and yet he falls ill on both occasions that he visited the Hayes residence? If that’s true, then… That means they’re responsible for Matteo’s poor health condition all this while! 
Sasha couldn’t bring herself to think about it any further. 
All she wanted was to head over to the Hayes residence and find out for herself if someone was indeed trying to harm Matteo. 
“Come on, you two. We’re heading over to the Hayes residence.” 
“Huh?” both of them exclaimed in surprise. 
Oh, no… Are we in trouble now? 
Having made up her mind, Sasha handed Vivian over to Wendy and left the house with her sons in tow. 
Sebastian, on the other hand, hadn’t concerned himself with the situation at home. 
The trip home earlier had eased his worries, and he had a lot more urgent matters at work to take care of, especially the anonymous report on him that the board of directors had suddenly received.
###Chapter 318
Chapter 318
Meanwhile, Sasha was in Roxanne’s laboratory. 
“Are the results out yet?” 
“Yeah, this sample does contain the same fungus Matteo was infected with. How did you get this?” Roxanne asked curiously after taking a glance at the sample under the microscope. 
Where on earth did she get this from? 
Naturally, Sasha wasn’t about to tell her the truth. 
Instead, she was trembling all over with rage after hearing what Roxanne said. 
Why? He’s their grand-uncle for crying out loud! Why would he do such a thing to a five-year-old child? Also, Matteo said he only drank it because Ian had gotten sick each time he went there. That means he’s also been doing that to Ian this whole time! Damn it! Now I’m really pissed! 
Roxanne found it strange when she saw how angry Sasha looked. “Hey, what’s gotten into you? Don’t tell me you got yourself all injured just to obtain this sample?” 
Consumed by rage, Sasha wasn’t in the mood to answer any of her questions and stormed off shortly after, leaving Roxanne dumbfounded. 
“What the hell is her problem? Who does she think she is, coming and going as she pleases… I can’t believe I’m doing this for her!” she grumbled to herself. 
Sasha ignored her and headed straight home with the kids afterward. 
Hmm? He’s home? 
There was a sharp glint in her eye as she noticed the black Bentley parked in the villa’s garage.
“Wendy, is Mr. Hayes home?” 
“Yeah, he’s upstairs. He was just asking about you…” 
Sasha was rushing the stairs before Wendy could finish her sentence. She was in such a hurry that she even forgot about her kids at the front door. 
Jeez, why is she in such a hurry? 
Wendy pondered as she attended to the kids. 
Sasha went straight to Sebastian’s bedroom and shouted angrily, “Sebastian? Are you in there? I have something very important to talk to you about!” 
There was no response, and it seemed as if no one was in the bedroom. 
How strange… Didn’t Wendy say he’s upstairs? His car is parked outside too! 
Sasha decided to check the bedroom, only to see Sebastian step out of the shower with only a towel around his waist. 
“Ah!” 
The woman quickly covered her eyes with her hands. “Why are you taking a shower during the day? Also, why didn’t you get dressed before coming out of the bathroom?” 
What the hell is she going on about? I’m in my own bedroom, so why do I have to get dressed before coming out of the shower? Also, what’s wrong with taking a shower during the day? 
Sebastian thought to himself as he stared emotionlessly at Sasha. “You’ve already seen every inch of my body, so why are you covering your eyes now?”
Sasha burned bright red instantly upon hearing that and decided to make a run for it. 
This guy is unbelievable! 
“I…I’ll come back later!” she stammered as she turned around, but Sebastian grabbed her by the arm and spun her around before she could even reach the doorknob. 
“What was it that you wanted to tell me?” he asked, looking like a ridiculously hot mess as he stared at her with water trickling down his body. 
To make matters worse, his deep and masculine voice simply added to his existing sexiness. 
Sasha swallowed nervously and tried her best to avert her gaze as she mumbled, “I…It’s about Matt’s illness… I found out that it was Uncle Roderick who poisoned them…” 
Hearing that snapped Sebastian out of his lustful state of mind. “What did you say?” 
Sasha then pulled out the laboratory report and handed it over to him, blushing as she said, “H-Here, take a look at this… This is the desert I stole from the Hayes residence today. He was going to give it to Matteo earlier, so I brought some of it back and had Roxanne run a test on it.” 
The look on Sebastian’s face was as cold as ice as he took the report over and skimmed through it. 
“So, this is why you went over to the Hayes residence today?” 
“Yeah! Little Ian told Matteo he got sick whenever he went over to Uncle Roderick’s, so Matteo decided to give it a shot, and he ended up falling sick too. That’s why I went there today to confirm if their suspicions are true!” Sasha explained. 
Rage filled her eyes when she got to the part about what Roderick did, and she looked like she wanted to chop him up into tiny pieces.
That f*cking heartless b*stard! 
Sebastian, too, had a terrifying look on his face when he heard that.
###Chapter 319
Chapter 319
Never did he imagine that the woman he so detested would commit such an earthshattering act. 
Uncle Roderick tried to administer poison to my son? But why? So that his incompetent son can take over? The nerve of him. I can’t believe he dared to mess with me, Sebastian Hayes. Plotting to get rid of my offspring then spread the word to the board of directors that I’m mentally ill, just so his own son can lawfully inherit Hayes Corporation. 
Sebastian suddenly recalled what the shareholder had said to him that afternoon. 
Creak! Out of the blue, the crisp sound of cracked bones came from the hand that was holding onto the lab report. 
Oh God! 
The horrifying scene left Sasha bereft of speech. 
“You’d better stay at home and don’t go anywhere!” 
The incensed Sebastian ordered her to stay put before he swiftly changed and left the house. 
Sasha stared blankly ahead, dumbfounded. 
It took a long time for that murderous aura to dissipate before she snapped out of it. Her legs almost gave way as she leaned against the door and let out the breath of air she was unconsciously holding in. 
She was well aware of what the man had left to do. 
It was exactly what she had hoped for. 
Nonetheless, she still could not help but feel unsettled and wished she had gone along with him.
Sasha returned to her room, but she was unable to regain her composure. She took out the remains of the sweets and soaked them in a mug to take a better look at them. 
Roxanne had already analyzed the toxicity of these sweets. 
However, she had yet to determine its antidote. If the situation persisted, her son would have to suffer for an indefinite period of time. 
Hence, she decided to take matters into her own hands. 
“Ms. Wand, you haven’t had your dinner. It’s already so late, so you should come down for dinner.” 
“Alright, Wendy.” 
Sasha was deeply engrossed in her experiment and gave the housemaid an offhanded reply. 
Wendy could only sigh and left the room quietly. 
When Sebastian returned reeking of blood, the entire villa was pitch dark save for that room on the second level. 
She’s still awake? 
In long strides, Sebastian entered the villa. 
Just as he was about to head upstairs, he lowered his head to look at his hands. In the end, he decided to wash up in the bathroom on the ground level before going upstairs. 
Even though spring had just begun, the weather was still chilly. A thin layer of mist could be seen forming whenever someone exhaled. 
It’s rather cold tonight. Why hasn’t she slept?
Sebastian arrived at the room where a warm, orange light was spilling out from the crack of the door. 
He raised his hand and was about to knock when he realized the door was open. From the crevice, he could see Sasha on her knees in the room. There were papers on the floor. What the heck is she doing? 
“Sasha?” 
“Hm?” 
The woman’s head shot up and immediately turned towards the door. 
He’s back? 
An elated Sasha instantly got up, totally forgetting about what she was working on. She made a beeline for the door and opened it, saying, “Sebastian, you’re back?” 
As the man stood at the door watching her run toward him in an animated manner, his breath momentarily stopped. 
“Yes, I’m back. What are you doing?” 
“I’m trying to find a remedy for Matt… Roxanne has yet to find the cure, so I thought of trying other methods. But… it’s been a whole night of experimenting and I’m still nowhere close. The remnants of the dessert are way too microscopic, and I don’t have much left to work with…” 
Her sentence trailed off as she looked increasingly distressed. 
Sebastian silently observed her while she explained herself. Despite constantly reminding himself to lose all hope in her, he could not help but soften at her actions. 
“It’s fine. He’s already fessed up.”
“What? Really? Did he confess to everything? Did he really admit that he attempted to poison our son?” 
When she heard his response, she grew agitated and gripped Sebastian’s wrist tightly. 
Sebastian shot a quick glance at her hand. The corners of his lips faintly turned upwards as he continued, “Yes, he owned up to everything. I’ve already killed him.” 
Such horrid words seemed to roll off his tongue casually. 
At that, Sasha’s eyes widened in shock. 
Killed? So fast? Oh god. 
Dumbfounded, she was rendered completely speechless. In an instant, fear gripped her as she cowered slightly, feeling chills travel down her spine. 
Her reaction didn’t go unnoticed by Sebastian. His face instantaneously hardened as he questioned, “Why? Are you unhappy about what I’ve done?” 
“Huh?” 
The woman regained her senses and rapidly waved her hands. “No, no, that’s not it… I’m just… I… You took his life so quickly… Won’t your father have anything to say about that?” 
Sebastian snickered, “I doubt so. He was out to end his grandson’s life. You think my father would have any qualms?” 
His response left Sasha at a loss for words. 
There was some truth in his words.
Still, Sasha could not help but find the whole situation difficult to accept. 
It wasn’t because that heartless monster didn’t deserve to die, but because Sebastian was so indifferent about murder. His impassive face gave her the impression that homicide was nothing out of the ordinary. 
In a split second, two starkly gory scenes she had once seen in her childhood flashed in her mind.
###Chapter 320
Chapter 320
“Since everything’s settled now, go to bed.” 
Sebastian didn’t think anything was abnormal. After the woman had nothing else to add, he casually wished her goodnight before preparing to leave. 
Sasha nodded and bent down to pick up the pieces of paper strewn all over the floor. Unfortunately, she accidentally triggered her injury and soon felt a sharp pang in her body. She immediately cried out in pain. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Sebastian’s head whipped at the sound of her cry. 
Her expression drastically changed as she pretended to be fine. “Nothing! I’m just going to put aside these pieces of paper. You go ahead and sleep. You still have work tomorrow.” 
She couldn’t let him find out she was injured. Else, given his ill-natured temper, he was sure to reprimand her for being useless. 
To her surprise, he didn’t move an inch. He just stood there and narrowed his eyes suspiciously. “You sure you’re fine?” 
“Huh?” Sasha arched her brows in confusion. 
In a split second, her mind went into a state of hysteria. 
Huh? Did I say something wrong? Wait! I’ve been staying here under the guise of being injured. If I say I’m alright now, that’s digging my own grave. Oh, god. Somebody help me.
Luckily, she was astute enough to react without delay. She quickly changed her stance and replied, “No. No, I’m not doing fine. I haven’t… Um… I haven’t recovered yet.” 
“So, you haven’t regained your health?” 
“Yes! Look. My belly is covered with bruises.” 
His menacing stare utterly frightened her. She hurriedly lifted her shirt to show him her wound. 
Damn it! Is this considered a blessing in disguise? I finally have an injury that’s suitable to parade. 
Sebastian shifted his ominous gaze to the area she had just exposed to him. At the sight of her large bruise, his eyes filled with a murderous glint, and he emanated an air of viciousness. 
He wasn’t oblivious to the fact that she had been feigning her illness. 
He only answered that way so that it would pressurize her to reveal her injury. 
That must be from Roderick. That son of a b*tch. 
With a grim look on his face, he reached out and pushed her hand aside. 
Sasha was taken aback by his action. “Huh-” 
Her doe-like eyes turned watery as she eyed him apprehensively. 
“What… What are you doing? I’m being serious. I’m still injured…” 
“What about it?” 
“Huh?” In a state of frenzy, Sasha found it difficult to keep up with him. All she could do was gape at him with trepidation.
He coldly swept his gaze over her and bent down. Without any warning, he took her by surprise and scooped her into his arms. 
Oh my god! 
Sasha’s mind immediately turned blank. 
Am I dreaming? 
Meanwhile, Sebastian’s countenance remained composed. With a motionless Sasha in his arms, he made his way to his own room and gently laid her on the bed. Then, he left to grab the first aid kit. 
The-The bed… 
Sasha’s heart started racing. 
At the same time, Sebastian strode in with the first aid kit in hand. He took one quick look at the woman, who was still transfixed by what had just happened. “Take off your clothes!” he demanded. 
“Huh?” An appalled Sasha looked up to scrutinize the man. “Why do I have to? I’m not going to…” 
“If you don’t, how am I supposed to apply medication for you? Why don’t you get out of my house in this state and find someone else to do it for you?” 
His callous tone hinted that there was no room for negotiation. 
Tsk. Why is she acting all pure and innocent? It’s not like we haven’t done anything together before. 
Fortunately, his threat proved to be useful. To avoid having to leave, Sasha peeled off her clothes with red-rimmed eyes.
It was at this moment that Sebastian realized she wasn’t wearing a bra. All she had on was a small tank top, probably something casual she slipped on after bathing. 
Damn it! 
Instantly, he felt the heat rise in his body, particularly his abdomen area. With much effort, he reluctantly tore his eyes away and focused his eyes on her wound instead. 
It was an enormous bruise, especially so when contrasted with her fair complexion. One look at it was enough to tell that it was grave. 
“Did it not cross your mind that he’d kill you?” 
“What?” 
His abrupt question prompted her to turn her reddened face around to face him. At that moment, her eyes unexpectedly met his deep-set orbs. 
His cavernous eyes were largely inscrutable, but she could clearly detect the rage and agony in them. 
Sasha felt her heart skip a beat at that moment. 
“I… I didn’t think that far. All I wanted was… To find the cause of Matteo’s illness,” she explained as she averted her gaze. Her nervousness made her heart beat faster by the minute. 
Sebastian was stunned by her response for a moment. 
If she really were someone who could sacrifice her life for the sake of her children, then why did she tell them she didn’t want them anymore? 
His gaze darkened further before he regained his composure. He silently took out a bottle of ointment and rubbed it in his palms before placing them on her pale, tender skin.
“Ouch!” 
Sasha immediately yelped. 
The excruciating pain from her wound, coupled with the searing sensation from his warm palms, gave her an odd tingle.
###Chapter 321
Chapter 321
“Does that hurt?” 
“Yes… Ouch…” 
Sasha lowered her gaze to avoid meeting Sebastian’s. She turned her scarlet face to look elsewhere. 
Sensing her discomfort, the man paused his actions. 
His piercing gaze darkened ever further as his body rose in temperature. 
The pair were more than just familiar with each other, given that they’ve had three children and have spent umpteen times in bed together. His sexual attraction to her was not abnormal. 
Sebastian’s force became gentler as he continued to apply the ointment for her. 
Then, his unbridled desire compelled his hands to explore other parts of her body. 
“W-What are you doing?” 
Alarmed, Sasha was quick to respond to his advances and pushed him away without hesitation. 
Sebastian stood there dumbfounded. 
Immediately, he felt as if a pail of cold water had been splashed on his head. Her instantaneous recoil from his advances was an utter slap in the face for him. 
“What do you think I’m doing? I’m applying the ointment for you. Besides, none of what I’m doing is illegal. You’re still my lawfully wedded wife. Is there anything I can’t do to you?” 
Displeasure was written all over his charming visage. 
This was not the first time she rejected him.
So she was deluding him all this while. She never had the intention to stay by his side. 
Sasha’s face immediately drained of color upon sensing his displeasure. 
“N-no, that’s not it. Listen to me, Sebastian. I was just… I’m just injured at the moment.” 
“Really? Or are you just opposed to the idea of getting into bed with me?” 
“I…” 
His sharp retort stumped her. 
His remark wasn’t entirely wrong. She had told herself time and again that she wouldn’t have any more relations with this man, so there should never be the need for them to commit such acts. 
“Sebastian… Listen to me… I… I mean… We haven’t officially annulled our marriage, but it’s still going to happen. That’s why I… I think it’s best for us not to maintain such a relationship. Lest it interferes with… With your life. Right?” 
Sasha clutched onto her thin tank top tightly. Her throat was parched while her palms were sweating profusely. The last thing she wanted was to provoke him with her words. 
She couldn’t afford to offend him. 
In the event he decided to kick her out, she would lose the opportunity to stay by the sides of her children. 
The moment she finished her sentence, a suffocating silence permeated the air. The atmosphere was so tense it felt as though the temperature dipped radically. 
Oh god. Did I make him angry again?
Sasha began to regret her words. She was about to attempt to placate him when he turned and left the room. 
Bam! 
The deafening sound of the door slamming reverberated around the room, causing the ground to tremble. 
Sasha was left sitting on the bed, stupefied. 
After she managed to pull herself together, she swiftly jumped off the bed to give chase. Alas, there wasn’t a single shadow outside. Soon after, the sound of a roaring engine could be heard. 
Sebastian had left in the middle of the night. 
When what had happened registered in her mind, she staggered backward in shock and slumped against the wall. 
What’s the problem with what I said? Is it even possible to work things out between us? All those incidents… How can we act like none of them took place? That’s impossible! Not for me, at least. 
Sasha returned to her room, looking dejected. That night, all she did was toss and turn in bed. 
The next day. 
The children rose early, especially Matteo and Ian. Once they woke up, the duo holed up in a room and kept the door locked. 
“Mommy and Daddy fought again last night. Did you hear?” 
“Of course.”
Ian looked awful; he had dark spots circling his eyes. 
Matteo held his cheeks in his palms as he sat in front of his brother and sighed. “Why are they always like that? Can’t they just get along? Why can’t Daddy just tolerate Mommy? It took so much difficulty for her to return to us…” 
Ian was in a dazed state as he listening to his brother rant. 
His lips parted, as though he wanted to add on. However, he promptly shut his mouth. 
Something felt amiss. He secretly caught the sight of Sebastian carrying Sasha upstairs, so he couldn’t fathom why the two of them would argue out of the blue. 
The matter is not as simple as it seems. 
“We’ve got to do something.” 
“What?” Matteo’s head shot up as his hopeful eyes gazed at his older brother. 
“I think they’ve spent too much time apart. That’s why they’re like that now. We’ve got to create more occasions for them to spend some quality time together.” 
The quick-witted Ian dissected the situation for his brother. 
Matteo’s eyes lit up as he heard Ian speak. 
That sounded spot on. People who were in love with each other probably spent lots of time together to develop feelings. 
Familiarity breeds fondness.
Matteo concurred with his brother’s genius plan. 
That day, they waited until Sasha picked them up. Then, the three children began to chatter excitedly about an upcoming school trip. 
“A school trip? But it hasn’t been long since school started.” 
“Mommy, now’s the prime time. Our teacher said she’d bring us to tour the countryside to experience how farmers live.” 
Noticing her mother’s reservations, Vivian hurriedly piped up to legitimize their scheme.
###Chapter 322
Chapter 322
Farming? 
After Sasha heard about it, she did not voice out any concerns. Instead, she began to think it was a good suggestion. 
Children in the cities grew up pampered — they knew nothing about nature. It was a great opportunity for the kids to go to the countryside and gain some insight. 
Sasha soon agreed. 
“Sounds good! I’ll go back tonight and help you prepare for it.” 
“Okay! Mommy, let’s prepare together. Our teacher said our parents should accompany us. You and Daddy have to go with us too.” 
Matteo quickly explained to his mother what his teacher had told him. 
Initially, Sasha was in a good mood. However, when she heard what her son said, her expression stiffened. 
Their father needs to go too? 
Forget it. Sebastian definitely wouldn’t want to go with me. We had such a fierce argument last night, and I didn’t see him today. To be honest, I should count myself lucky that he didn’t chase me out. 
A bitter expression crossed Sasha’s face at the thought. Avoiding the topic, she brought the kids back home. 
As expected, Sebastian did not return that night. Wendy said that he did not even call. 
He probably did not want to come back.
Noticing the situation, Sasha had no choice but to look for Wendy. “Wendy, the kids say they’re going on a trip tomorrow. Why don’t you call Mr. Hayes and ask him to free up his schedule for it?” 
Wendy looked at her in shock before questioning, “Aren’t you going? I heard the kids say that their parents have to go together?” 
Sasha smiled bitterly. “He wouldn’t want me to tag along. It’s fine. He can just go with the kids. I’ll pack their items for them.” 
Then, Sasha prepared to head upstairs and help the children pack for tomorrow. 
However, at that moment, Wendy suddenly pulled her back. 
“Ms. Wand, you shouldn’t do this. Although you had a conflict with Mr. Hayes, your kids are innocent. Didn’t you come here to keep them company? If that’s the case, how can you be absent from such an important activity for the kids?” 
“But…” 
“Just listen to me. Mr. Hayes won’t stop you from going, so you should pack your belongings and set off with them tomorrow morning,” promised Wendy with a smile. 
Since that was the case, Sasha did not protest any more. 
Naturally, she wanted to go on the trip because she did not want to miss any opportunities to see her kids growing up. 
Hence, she went upstairs and packed a few of her clothes, planning to tag along with them tomorrow. 
The night went by peacefully.
Due to the trip, Sasha woke up early the next day. She helped the kids dress up before bringing them downstairs. 
“Wendy, we…” 
“You’re finally back, Mr. Hayes. The children are already prepared and are waiting for you.” 
Before Sasha could finish her sentence, she spotted Wendy standing outside the villa. A man was also alighting a white Maybach at that moment. Surprised, Sasha quickly paused mid-sentence. 
He really came back. 
When the kids saw their father, they were evidently delighted. 
“Daddy’s back! Daddy, are you here to go on the trip with me?” Vivian, who had always been the most affectionate one, ran over to the man upon spotting him. 
Smiling, Sebastian bent down and picked his daughter up into his arms. 
“Yeah, I’m here to accompany you.” 
“Wow, that’s great! Our family can have fun together now! I’m so happy, Matt!” The little girl clapped happily. 
When Sasha saw this, she finally felt relieved. 
Sebastian’s expression did not look that hostile, and he did not seem like he was still angry. 
Sasha took a small step forward.
“Sebastian, why did you go in alone? Come here and help me adjust the children’s car seat. Why are you leaving everything to me? Do you think I’m invincible?” 
Suddenly, she heard a woman complain in the white Maybach. 
Sasha’s expression changed immediately, and she halted in her tracks. 
Is there someone in his car? 
Everyone in the courtyard was shocked when they heard that voice, especially Ian and Matteo. Their faces fell instantly. 
Ms. Rocke? Why is she here now? 
The woman was none other than Roxanne. 
She had finally finished adjusting the children’s seat in the car. Upon seeing that Sebastian did not bother helping her, she stomped in furiously. 
“Oh, everyone’s here! Are all of you ready? Matteo, Ian! Darlings, come here! I’ll help you get into the car.” 
Roxanne beckoned at the two kids standing beside Sasha. 
When Sasha heard that, her face paled. 
Noticing that, Wendy demanded, “Mr. Hayes, why is Ms. Rocke here?” 
“I told her to come along. Two adults are needed to take care of three kids,” explained Sebastian as he carried Vivian in his arms. 
He did not even spare a single glance in Sasha’s direction.
###Chapter 323
Chapter 323
Wendy was stunned by his crude answer. 
She had initially wanted to ask Sebastian if he was mistaken. The children’s mother was already there, yet he had asked another woman to accompany them for the trip. 
However, at that moment, Sasha had already passed the suitcases and the kids over to her. 
“Wendy, send them over.” 
“But…” 
“It’s fine.” Sasha shook her head, trying her best to make herself look nonchalant. Then, she shoved the handle of the suitcase into Wendy’s hand. 
Naturally, she would be fine. 
She would have to confront this issue sooner or later; it was just a matter of time. 
Sasha turned after telling Wendy what to do, preparing to go back into the house. 
“No! I don’t want Ms. Rocke! I want Mommy! I have Mommy here, so why do I need another woman to accompany me for my trip?” 
Suddenly, Vivian started yelling loudly in Sebastian’s arms. She shot a furious glance at Roxanne before struggling to break free from her father’s arms. 
“Come back, Vivi!” When her father saw her acting like that, he tried to grab her furiously. 
Although Vivian usually looked adorable and blur, she ran extremely fast at such a critical juncture. In a short while, she had caught up with Sasha.
“Mommy, don’t abandon us! If you aren’t going, I won’t go too!” 
Vivian hugged Sasha’s legs and burst into tears. 
When Sasha saw that, she quickly squatted and hugged her daughter tight. Her heart ached as if daggers were piercing it. 
“Don’t cry. I’m here, aren’t I? I won’t leave. I’ll wait for you at home, okay? Go with Daddy and Ms. Rocke. When you come back, I’ll cook some delicious food for you.” 
“No!” 
Vivian was like her mother’s most loyal fan. No matter what Sasha said or how she tried to convince her, the little girl would not change her mind. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Just when she was at a loss for what to do, Matteo and Ian, who were initially standing beside Wendy, immediately ran toward Sasha. 
“Yeah, we won’t go either!” 
“We won’t go!” 
The children’s minds changed simultaneously within a few seconds. 
Sebastian was so furious that his face fell. Just when he was about to stride over and drag the three kids away, Wendy quickly intervened. “Mr. Hayes, if that’s the case, just bring Ms. Wand along.” 
“Dream on!”
“Mr. Hayes, this is supposed to be a happy occasion for the kids. It won’t matter even if you bring an extra person along, right? Since you have three kids, you can let Ms. Wand take care of one of them. Don’t spoil the kids’ fun!” persuaded Wendy. 
It was true that her suggestion was the best solution for now. 
Roxanne was quick to catch on. When she noticed what was going on, she agreed, “Yeah, Wendy’s right. Let her take care of this little girl. I can’t take care of so many children alone too.” 
Only then did the furious man show any signs of relenting. 
After ten minutes, they set off in two groups. One group consisted of Sebastian, Roxanne, and the twins in his Maybach. 
The other team consisted of Sasha, who seemed so out of place among everyone else, and Vivian. 
Sasha instructed a bodyguard to send a car over before driving off. 
“Mommy, I don’t like Daddy. He’s so mean! I can’t believe he didn’t let you tag along. Instead, he asked another woman to come!” complained Vivian gloomily as she sat on the children’s seat at the back of the car. 
Sasha, who was focused on driving, could not help but feel touched when she heard the girl say that. 
However, she still tried to educate her the right way. “You can’t think that way. Daddy loves all of you. He asked Ms. Rocke to accompany you because he wants to take care of you. You mustn’t dislike him, okay?” 
I see…
Although Vivian was still quite unhappy when she heard that, she stopped complaining about her father. 
They drove for about an hour before arriving at the destination. 
As they had departed late, the other children in the preschool and their parents had already arrived at the village. 
“Vivi, why are you so late? Everyone has already received their tasks.” 
“Huh?” 
Panting, Sasha reached the field while carrying her daughter. When she saw another parent greeting her, she quickly placed Vivian onto the ground. 
“We were caught in traffic congestion. That’s why we’re late.” 
“I see. In that case, you can only look for the preschool teacher. There are a lot of tasks today— planting, fruit picking, harvesting, and more. You should see what tasks are left.” 
The parent was very kind to explain things. When she saw that Sasha and her child had arrived late, she explained what happened in detail. 
The trip was not only a family bonding activity, but it was also an opportunity to train the children to work hard. 
Sasha and the parent went to look for the preschool teacher. 
While Vivian was being led away by Sasha, she started chatting with the kid beside her. “Molly, have you seen my brothers? They came before me.” 
“Yeah! They went to farm with your father,” said Molly enthusiastically to Vivian.
###Chapter 324
Chapter 324
Farm? 
When Sasha imagined the scene, her eyelids twitched. 
Can a man, who was born with a golden spoon, do something like that? 
Sasha eventually received the task of fruit picking, just like Molly. It turned out that the tasks were randomized. After everyone finished their tasks, they could exchange some food from the farmers for lunch. 
The preschool was quite creative to have come up with such an arrangement. 
Sasha and her daughter walked toward the orchard with their baskets in hand. As Vivian had never participated in such activities, she was extremely excited. She and her friend, Molly, kept skipping along the way. 
They soon spotted Matteo and Ian in the fields nearby. 
“Matt! Ian! I’m here!” exclaimed Vivian happily. 
To make sure her brothers could see her, the little girl waved her chubby hands enthusiastically. 
Sasha was at a loss for words to see her daughter behave in such a manner. 
As expected, the scene in front of her was ridiculous. 
Are they farming? 
No way! The four of them are actually standing in the fields. Sebastian’s wearing a dashing suit, and what about the woman? She’s wearing fashionable clothes and a diamond-studded pair of heels!
On the other hand, Sasha had already prepared the two boys for the trip that morning. 
They wore sports shoes, a hat, and green shorts that could not be easily dirtied. Hence, they looked like they were actually ready to work. 
“Sasha, are they your friends? Why are they dressed like that? How can they work like that?” remarked Karen, Molly’s mother, when she saw this scene. 
Sasha smiled. 
Work? Isn’t it better for them to be displayed like monkeys in a zoo? 
Sasha ignored them. With her daughter’s hand gripped in hers, she turned, about to head toward the orchard. 
However, because of Vivian’s shouts, the people standing in the fields had already looked over. Roxanne immediately called out to them, “Sasha, wait! What are you going to do now?” 
“We’re going to pick fruits, Ms. Rocke!” 
“Huh? How can you be so lucky? You’re picking fruits?” 
Roxanne’s eyes lit up. 
Without caring about Sebastian behind her, she quickly made her way toward Sasha, stumbling on her high heels as she did so. 
Sasha looked at her incredulously. 
When Roxanne reached her, she suddenly snatched Sasha’s basket away. “Sasha, I’ll pick the fruits on your behalf. You can farm for me.”
Sasha was instantly annoyed. “Are you out of your mind? Why should I exchange tasks with you?” 
Roxanne rebuked indignantly, “Because I saved your son! Why can’t you swap tasks with me? If I didn’t bring your son back from the hospital, he would’ve died!” 
Sasha was at a loss on how to retort her statement. 
In the end, she could only watch helplessly as Roxanne snatched both her basket and her daughter away. 
What’s wrong with her? 
Sasha glanced at the man standing in the fields and discovered that his expression had turned gloomy when Roxanne escaped. Even from a distance, she could feel his cold aura. 
Do I still have to go there? 
Sasha hesitated. 
However, she decided to leave the path and head toward the fields. 
Although she was reluctant, she heard that they would not have any lunch if they did not complete their tasks. As she did not want her two sons to be hungry, she approached Sebastian. 
“Mommy…” 
When the two boys spotted her, they ran toward her and hugged her happily. 
Stroking their heads, Sasha shot a glance at Sebastian. She wanted to say something, but when she noticed his intimidating and hostile glare, she decided to keep silent.
Instead, she started farming with her two sons. 
“Sweeties, let’s farm together. Matt, stand beside me and follow me. Little Ian, you don’t need to come down because the water’s cold. You can just pass me the plants, okay?” 
“Okay, Mommy!” replied the two boys happily after being instructed by Sasha. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian watched coldly at the side. 
Now that things had gone out of his control, he was extremely unhappy. He initially wanted Sasha to suffer a harsh blow and realize that she was now being exiled by him. 
From now on, she had no right to participate in the Hayes family’s affairs. 
She would not even have the chance to intervene in his and his children’s lives. Her position would be replaced by someone else, and all she had once owned would be gone. In the future, she would have nothing to do with him. 
However, things were looking different now. 
He was seething in fury. 
However, he soon realized that Sasha, who had tagged along unhesitatingly, actually did not know how to farm despite trying to lead the two kids. 
She tried to plant the seedlings by following the other parents, but they kept floating up after a while. 
“Mommy, why do they keep floating up?” 
When Matteo saw it, he widened his large eyes and stared at the seedlings incredulously. 
Sasha smiled awkwardly.
After thinking about it, she admitted, “Perhaps I haven’t learned how to do it properly. Wait, I’ll ask that man over there.” 
She walked over to a male parent who was planting the seedlings nearby.
###Chapter 325
Chapter 325
The male parent was extremely enthusiastic when he saw her coming. As he had seen Roxanne earlier, he thought Sasha was not the children’s mother. 
Hence, he personally started to teach Sasha right in front of Sebastian. 
“The water in the fields causes the plants to float. When we plant the seedlings, we must exert a lot more force.” 
“Force? To what extent?” 
“Your finger must reach this depth.” The male parent grabbed Sasha’s hand, planning to demonstrate how much strength she should use. 
When Sebastian witnessed this, he could not hold himself back anymore and yelled, “Sasha, come over here right now! You don’t even know how to plant seedlings! Are you stupid?” 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
After a short while, she smiled at the male parent awkwardly. “I’m sorry, the kids’ father has a bad temper.” 
The male parent was surprised. 
The kids’ father? Isn’t she unrelated to him? Why is he scolding her so harshly? 
While the other parents shot her complex gazes, Sasha returned to Sebastian. Her temper rose as she glared at him unhappily. 
“What are you doing, Sebastian? Instead of working, you’re throwing a tantrum here. Do you want the kids to go hungry?”
“I’m throwing a tantrum? You can’t even do something so simple. Yet, you’re shameless enough to ask others!” 
Not only did he refuse to reflect on himself, but he was also even meaner and shameless than Sasha. 
Furious, Sasha threw a seedling at him. “If you’re smart, do it yourself! Don’t just stand here motionlessly! If you are capable enough, you should work!” she exclaimed furiously. 
That jerk deserves to be taught a lesson! 
However, she was in for a surprise. Immediately after she spoke, he took off his socks and shoes, revealing his fair ankles. He then made his way over. 
Sasha gaped in shock. 
Similarly, Matteo and Ian widened their eyes as they stared at their father. 
Daddy’s coming? This is surprising! He was standing there with Ms. Rocke earlier for so long, feeling disdainful and disgusted to come down! The other parents even laughed at them! Is he really going to come now? 
The two kids moved aside simultaneously and welcomed Sebastian with much enthusiasm. 
Meanwhile, Sasha stood there and watched as the elegant man planted his legs into the muddy water. 
“Ugh!” 
When he entered, the muddy water immediately contrasted with his fair skin. 
As expected, he frowned and could not help but hiss in disgust. 
He was already a clean freak, to begin with, so it was a challenge for him to come to a place like this.
Sasha’s anger gradually dissipated. 
“Okay, I was joking with you. Go back up, and I’ll do this.” She picked up the seedlings in front of him and was about to start farming. 
However, to her surprise, he shot her a cold glance before waddling into the field directly. 
The woman stared at him, utterly stunned. 
“Daddy has finally come! Let’s plant the seedlings together!” 
Matteo clapped his hands happily. 
Ian was very happy too. He squatted and passed a seedling to Sebastian, chirping, “Here, Daddy!” 
Sebastian took it. It was the first time that he, who dominated the corporate world, felt extremely pleased after being praised. 
That’s strange. 
Even Sasha smiled. 
However, she did not dare to praise him. Otherwise, he might lash out at her again due to his ego. 
Sasha entered the field, about to teach him how to plant. However, she soon discovered that although he had been standing aside just now, he had managed to plant the seedling firmly on his first try. 
“You’re amazing, Daddy! You managed to plant it firmly!” When Matteo saw that, he showered his father with praises again. 
Sebastian felt even more disdain for Sasha.
“Do you think I’m like your mother? She’s as stupid as a pig!” 
Sasha almost flung the seedlings at his face in anger. 
He’s really testing my limits! Why can’t he stop bullying me? 
However, she controlled herself. 
It was true that Sebastian was exceptionally intelligent. Although he only joined the party in the fields later on, he soon mastered the technique. He could plant the seedlings better than the rest. 
On the other hand, Sasha was too weak. Every time she planted a seedling, it would still float up. 
“Go distribute the seedlings with your sons.” 
When Sebastian saw that, he snatched the seedlings away from her disdainfully and chased her away. 
As it was true that her skills were inferior to his, she had no choice but to do whatever her sons were doing instead. 
When the other parents in the fields saw that, they could not help but discuss the situation amongst themselves. “The twin’s family sure is efficient. After the father joined them, everything is getting done well. He’s much better at this as compared to their mother.”
###Chapter 326
Chapter 326
“Mother? So she’s their Mom? How about the woman standing on the ridge with him? That was not the mother?” one of the parents inquired. 
“Of course not! Can’t you tell?” another parent said. “Look, the husband told her to take care of the seedings because he doesn’t want her to get her hands dirty. He’s doing everything on his own instead.” 
At least there were still parents who were observant enough to notice their interaction. 
Upon hearing that, the other parents began to nod in agreement. 
Meanwhile, Roxanne had completed her task and brought Vivian back. 
She was all smiles when she returned with a basket full of fruits, but the grin on her face instantly vanished into thin air when she overheard the remarks those parents made. 
It was hard for Roxanne to wrap her mind around the weird feeling that arose within her. 
For years, she had always cherished the professional relationship she had with Sebastian. 
But witnessing this in person somehow made her feel a little uncomfortable. 
She felt as if another person had snatched something that belonged to her. It was the same feeling she had felt when Sasha visited Sebastian the last time. 
Roxanne’s eyes dimmed, and her expression turned grim. 
Sasha and the rest had planted all the seedlings before noon. 
“Yay! We’re done! Can we go for lunch now, Mommy?” the two little boys asked.
They must be exhausted. 
Sasha picked Matteo up from the field and said, “Sure! But before that, we need to clean up first. Then we’ll look for the owner of this paddy field and give him the task card.” 
She then carried Mattheo to a stream nearby. 
Upon seeing that, Sebastian, too, brought their elder son over. 
“Daddy, you can just clean yourself. I don’t have any dirt on me,” Ian said as he looked at the soil on Sebastian’s pants. 
Sebastian wanted to wash away the dirt, but he felt disgusted just thinking of the wet socks, shoes, and pants. 
“What’s wrong? You don’t feel like wearing wet clothes?” Sasha asked Sebastian after she was done cleaning Matteo. 
Sebastian shot daggers at her. “Would you like to wear them?” 
That crude remark rendered Sasha speechless. 
She actually did not mind wearing wet clothes, but she decided to keep her opinion to herself. 
After all, the man who grew up like a prince had zero tolerance for anything dirty and unkempt. 
Sasha let out a sigh. “Come here. Let me help you. Put on this pair of disposable socks later, and once we are back to the village, we’ll try to get you a pair of new ones. Okay?” 
She resorting to coaxing Sebastian like a child. 
After seeing the disposable socks in her hands, the man reluctantly sat down on a rock.
“Why do you have these socks with you?” he asked while dipping his feet into the cold stream. 
Sasha squatted down and gently washed the dirt off his feet. 
The moment she touched his feet, Sebastian felt a tingling sensation in his heart. 
It was an indescribable feeling that he had no control over. 
“Isn’t it common sense? Since we’re here for this kind of activity, of course, I’ll have to prepare a few pairs of socks for the children,” she answered casually. 
Sasha did not notice the expression on the man’s face as she was paying full attention to the dirt on his feet. 
She had to be extra cautious — she knew Sebastian was a clean freak. 
Once again, the man held his breath when her hands came into contact with his skin. 
Damn it! 
He instantly tried to distract himself by looking elsewhere. 
Common sense, huh… 
Sebastian might be said to be the one who looked after Ian, but it was the housemaids who truly took care of his son. This was why he did not have a lot of hands-on experience on such matters. 
Does this mean she took care of the other two kids and did everything on her own? 
She grew up in a prominent family that did not require her to do any work. Does that mean she had to learn everything from scratch after giving birth to the triplets? It must have been difficult for her.
Sebastian fell deep in thought, and his harsh expression seemed to have softened. 
“What are you doing? Are you washing his feet for real? Are you doing this to get back your child? Don’t be silly!” All of a sudden, Roxanne walked over. 
She exclaimed while standing beside the stream and holding a basket. 
Color drained out of Sasha’s face instantly. “What are you talking about? I…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Sebastian pulled his feet away.
###Chapter 327
Chapter 327
The man’s expression turned grim once again. He stood up instantly and walked away from the stream. 
Upon hearing that, Sasha panicked. “Don’t listen to her. That’s not my intention.” 
“What’s your intention then? I almost forgot the things you had done in the past to snatch back your child. So you’ve decided to adopt a new tactic, huh?” Sebastian sneered. 
In the blink of an eye, he became emotionally distant again. 
Why does he have to react in such a hostile manner? 
Sasha decided to keep mum; she knew he would not listen to a word she uttered. 
Meanwhile, the two boys were infuriated upon seeing Roxanne disturb their parents when they were about to reconcile. 
“Can you please watch what you say, Ms. Rocke? Mommy only washed Daddy’s feet because she didn’t want him to put on the dirty socks,” one of them scowled. 
Roxanne snorted. “That’s ridiculous. I brought many pairs of socks for him, and he can always change into new ones when he gets back to the car. Does she need to do this?” 
The two boys were now so mad that their faces turned red. Even Sasha, who was still squatting on the ground, did not know how to react. 
So she has prepared everything for him. Fine. Whatever she said. I don’t care anymore. 
Instead of explaining herself, Sasha stood up and looked at her daughter. “Vivi, come. Let’s go home.” 
Vivian could somehow feel the sadness in Sasha’s eyes. The little one extended her chubby little arms and gave her mother a hug.
The mother-daughter duo then picked up the basket near them and left. 
After shooting Sebastian and Roxanne a sullen glare, Ian and Matteo held hands and followed Sasha. 
What a troublemaker! 
We have to think of a way to get this wretched woman out of the way! 
The two boys exchanged pointed glances and nodded, seemingly coming to an agreement. 
During noon, Sasha and Vivian decided to have lunch with Molly and her mother in a farmhouse. 
“Shall we stick together for this afternoon’s activity? Molly doesn’t seem to like that lady named Roxanne. She even cried a few times when she was with that lady,” Molly’s mother suggested this to Sasha with a wry smile after their daughters had gone somewhere to play after lunch. 
Oh? 
Sasha was a little surprised at first, but she understood how Molly’s mother felt. Roxanne is indeed one weird woman. 
“Oh, okay, but I don’t think she’ll be here in the afternoon,” Sasha said. “So, what’s up next?” 
“Something about weeding, I think? Our kids should be able to handle that.” Karen took out a task card and passed it to Sasha. 
Okay. It seems like a simple task. 
After lunch, Sasha, Karen, and the children proceeded to their next task. They heard that they were allowed to bring home any crops they picked along the way.
Karen grew excited just thinking about it. “I wonder what kind of crops we can get there. Hopefully, we can find the beef and onion plant!” 
“What kind of plant is that?” Sasha was not familiar with it as she did not grow up on the farm. 
Karen grinned and started sharing her knowledge about the plant. “Let’s just say the taste of the leaves is heavenly, and it’s not easy to find!” 
Really? 
When they arrived at a plot of land over the hill, Karen found a tree and plucked the tip of the leaves that were maroon in color. 
Sasha finally figured out what the woman was talking about. 
It was a kind of traditional medicine people used to treat cold, flu, and diarrhea. In the past, Sasha had even kept some in the house just in case her children fell ill. 
Sasha decided to harvest some of it after completing her task. 
But Karen seemed to be a little obsessed with the plant. When Sasha was busy weeding out the grass on the land, Vivian ran over and told her both Karen and Molly had disappeared. 
“Where have they gone to?” Sasha asked. 
“No idea! They seem to have headed toward that direction to pick some leaves,” Vivian told her mother what she knew. 
Sasha heaved a sigh at that. 
When the sun began to set, Sasha panicked as it was time for all the participants to assemble.
“Let’s go and look for them. We have to head back to the assembly point soon,” she said. 
“Okay, Mommy.” Vivian reached out her tiny hand for her mother to hold and headed to the hill to look for Karen and Molly.
###Chapter 328
Chapter 328
After ten minutes, Sasha and Vivian had covered quite a distance. However, there was still no sign of Molly and her mom, Karen. 
“Mommy, let’s not walk any further. I’m scared,” Vivian mumbled. 
Children were naturally fearful of unfamiliar surroundings. When Vivian saw that there was not a soul in sight, she didn’t feel like walking any further. 
Sasha was not willing to do so either. But what if something happened to Molly and her mom? 
In the end, Sasha carried her daughter and forged ahead for a few more miles. 
“Karen? Molly? Where are you?” 
All she could hear was silence. As it was getting dark, the eerie surroundings sent a chill down Sasha’s spine. 
She soon lost the courage to continue and finally decided to return for help. 
However, just when she turned around, a snake with a torso as thick as a baby’s arm slithered out from the bushes. It caused her to exclaim in fright and roll down the side of the road. 
“Ah!” 
Meanwhile, Sebastian and Matteo’s job was to scatter the fertilizer on the farmers’ behalf. 
It was a simple task where they didn’t need to get their hands dirty. 
However, the atmosphere within the group was tense. Everyone had a gloomy expression on, and no one was willing to say a word, including the two children.
When Roxanne sensed what was going on, she tried to lighten the atmosphere. “Matteo, what do you think we should bring back? I heard we can take the vegetables we picked home with us.” 
The boy merely stared coldly at her. 
Roxanne didn’t know what else to say. 
Feeling helpless, she looked in Ian’s direction. 
However, Ian openly showed his displeasure by walking off instead. 
He approached his father and suggested, “Daddy, let’s search for Mommy and Vivi.” 
Sebastian was standing there checking his phone when he was supposed to be planting seeds together with his children. Evidently, he wasn’t as enthusiastic compared to how he had been in the morning. 
When he heard the children wanting to see their mom, his gaze darkened before he shifted it away from his phone. 
“No, you can’t!” 
“Why not? Our work is almost done, and we can leave soon. However, we’re not sure about Mommy and Vivi’s progress. What if they haven’t finished their work?” 
When Matteo sensed his dad’s apprehension, he hurried over to back Ian up. 
However, both children were disappointed when Sebastian didn’t allow them to do so. 
Not only did he forbid them from seeing Sasha and Vivian; he even got Roxanne to carry them away once they were done.
After that, the group left the village and returned home. 
Damn you, Daddy! You will regret this! 
It wasn’t until an hour later when Karen led some men in search of Sasha and Vivian. When they heard the cries of a child, they realized both of them had fallen down the hill. 
“Sasha, are you alright? How’s Vivian?” 
After the mother-daughter duo was rescued, Karen felt bad when she found out that Sasha had been searching for her and Molly before falling down. 
Luckily, everyone is safe. 
“We’re alright. Vivi has just gotten a fright and some light scratches. It’s no big deal,” Sasha reassured her in an exhausted tone. 
Only then did everyone heave a sigh of relief. 
Since both mother and daughter were now found, many of the parents began to leave for home. 
Molly and her mom were also preparing to leave. 
“Sasha, we’re going off now before it gets too dark.” 
“In that case, has Ian and Matteo gone home?” Sasha asked casually, holding out hope. 
However, she felt a chill run down her spine when Karen told her that the boys had already left. 
In fact, they had left before the teacher declared the event over. 
Why are they in such a hurry to leave both of us behind?
Sebastian probably intended it. 
Feeling disheartened, Sasha laughed wryly. “I think it’s better that I stay here overnight. Since Vivi is both hurt and traumatized, I’m afraid the long trek might be too much for her.” 
“In that case…” 
Karen hesitated for a while before she finally agreed. She promised that she would inform the organizers on their behalf before leaving. 
With that, Sasha and Vivian stayed back. 
At night, the village was extremely quiet. After dinner, both of them lay in their room within the farmhouse. However, Sasha was unable to sleep because of how silent it was. 
Her mind kept wandering toward the day’s events. 
Everything had happened as how she had intended them to. Given how badly Sebastian treated her, it only demonstrated that their relationship was damaged beyond salvation. 
Although there was nothing for her to complain about, she felt miserable still. 
Lying on her bed, her ears were filled with the sound of frogs croaking. However, she could feel a knot in her heart it was causing her immense frustration. 
Why am I feeling this way? 
Have I not steeled my heart enough? Or have I forgotten about the harm the Hayes family caused me? 
Throughout the night, Sasha tossed and turned in bed. 
Knock! Knock!
“Ms. Wand, someone is here for you,” their farm host called out suddenly.
###Chapter 329
Chapter 329
“Solomon? Why are you here?” 
After coming out of her room, Sasha was stunned to see the man there in the middle of the night. 
Solomon? 
How is this possible? When did he return, and more importantly, how did he find me? 
“It’s me. I came back on purpose to pick you up, Nancy. Something happened over at Wall Street. Since I couldn’t get through, I flew back at once.” 
Despite having rushed back, Solomon calmly explained the reason for his presence. Behind that gold- rimmed specs of his was a warm and gentle smile. 
Sasha’s attention was captured. 
“What happened? Is Lance alright?” 
“No, the issue just relates to the project Andy and you have been working on. The Wall Street regulators have their eyes on it. Hence, Andy wants you to come back and deal with it to cover up his wrongdoings.” 
To prove that he was telling the truth, Solomon had brought some documents with him. 
Sasha looked through them at once. 
Given that Andy liked to involve himself in illegal businesses, Sasha wasn’t surprised by Solomon’s words. 
The report stated that the project she and Andy were running before she returned was a scam.
“Is he crazy? Why isn’t there anything?” 
“Given that Andy is involved, anything is possible.” Solomon could only state the facts. 
Sasha’s expression darkened in response. 
If the goods for the contract she negotiated never existed, the transaction would be considered a serious crime. In fact, she might even be sentenced to prison. 
With no time to lose, the woman returned to her room and picked the sleeping Vivian up. 
“Let’s head to the airport right away.” 
“Alright.” 
Smiling gently, Solomon left with both mother and daughter. 
At that moment, a white Maybach was speeding down the highway with its driver flooring the accelerator. 
Thirty minutes later, it returned to the village. 
Knock! Knock! 
Sebastian was in a foul mood, given the circumstances. It was a miracle that he didn’t kick down the farmhouse door right away. 
When the farmer heard the sharp knock, he jumped out of bed in fright and rushed to open the door. 
“Why are there so many visitors tonight? Who are you?” 
“Where are they?”
With a pale face, Sebastian had no patience to wait for a response from the host. Instead, he stormed into the house and started searching. 
The farmer immediately knew what the man wanted. 
“Are you searching for the mother and daughter duo? Someone picked them up earlier.” 
“Who?” 
Sebastian stopped searching and glared at the farmer as if his eyes could spitfire. 
The farmer was so frightened that he could hardly stutter out a reply. “It… It was a bespectacled man about your age. He took them away.” 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian’s heart sank. 
Staring blankly into space, it took him a while to digest what had just occurred. 
A bespectacled man of my age? 
Who could it be? 
Solomon? 
The moment Solomon appeared in his mind, rage swelled within him. 
Since when did they keep in touch? Did she stay here on purpose so that she could meet him? Did they plan this? 
Losing his rationality, his thoughts veered toward the extreme.
Staring at him warily, the farmer didn’t dare utter another word until he heard a frightening voice ask, “Where did they go?” 
“Th-they seemed to be heading to the airport.” 
The farmer could feel a chill run down his spine as he spoke. 
With that, Sebastian stormed off at once, slamming the door behind him with a loud bang. 
In a blink of an eye, his car was nowhere to be seen. 
He sure is a terrifying man! 
I wonder if the mother and daughter will be alright? 
Meanwhile, Sasha had arrived at the airport with Vivian and Solomon. 
Along the way, Solomon asked her if she wanted to send Vivian home first. 
However, Sasha declined his offer. 
“Vivi, does Daddy know you’re his daughter?” 
“No, he has never brought it up.” 
“In that case, why do you call him Daddy?” 
“After you left, I was miserable. He asked me to call him Daddy. Mommy, is Daddy abandoning us? Why didn’t he come looking for us?” 
Vivian had awoken by then. When she saw that she wasn’t at home and in an unfamiliar environment instead, she huddled in Sasha’s embrace with a miserable expression.
Sasha’s nose burned as she withheld her emotions. 
How am I supposed to explain things to her? 
If he is aware that she is his daughter, he would definitely have come for her. Unfortunately, he hates the fact that she isn’t. 
Sasha let out a forlorn smile at that thought.
###Chapter 330
Chapter 330
Pondering upon it, she felt it wasn’t so bad after all. At the very least, she could still leave with one of the children. 
“Nancy, both of you wait here. I’ll get the flight tickets sorted.” 
Solomon left them at the waiting area as he went off. 
Nodding in agreement, Sasha found a seat to settle down with Vivian in her arms. 
Since it was midnight, there were hardly any passengers at the airport. Hence, the massive passenger area was largely empty. Sitting there waiting, Sasha stared blankly into space. 
She was thinking about her two sons. 
Will they be sad and upset at me for leaving all of a sudden? 
“Mommy, I’m hungry. I want some milk,” Vivian suddenly complained. 
Milk? 
Where am I going to find milk here? 
Scanning her surroundings, Sasha spotted a twenty-four-hour convenience store and carried Vivian over. 
“Sweetie, we don’t have any milk powder right now. So, we’ll have to settle for packet milk, alright? Which one would you like?” 
“That one.” 
Standing in front of the store rack, Vivian pointed at a packet of milk in front of her.
Smiling, Sasha asked the service staff to get it for her as she stood up to pay. 
However, both of them suddenly saw a familiar figure appear. Just like a hurricane, he dashed over and pulled Vivian into his embrace. 
“Mommy! Mommy!” 
Shocked by the sudden attack, Vivian let out a shrill shriek. 
Sasha expression drastically changed. 
However, the moment she sprang to her feet and saw who had snatched her daughter, her face turned pale as a sheet. 
“Sebastian, why are you here?” 
“Why? Are you afraid to see me? Am I in the way of your attempt to elope?” 
Sebastian had a fearsome look on his face. His eyes were bloodshot, and he looked just like an angry beast, ready to lash out at any moment. 
Stunned, Sasha denied his accusation at once. “What nonsense are you talking about? Who’s eloping? We have some urgent matters to attend to in Moranta. You shouldn’t make such wild accusations.” 
“Me? Wild accusations? Sasha, do you think I’m blind? He flew here in the middle of the night to see you, and you expect me to believe you have something urgent in Moranta? What is it? Are you rushing back to sleep with him?” 
His words were preposterous and insulting, making him look like a lunatic. 
Sasha trembled in anger.
“Sebastian, you have gone overboard!” Not wanting to argue any further, she rushed toward him in an attempt to carry Vivian away so that she could leave the place. 
However, when the man saw her diving at him, he made a swift turn to avoid her, ignoring Vivian’s cries. 
“You don’t deserve to touch my child!” 
What? 
Grasping in thin air, Sasha’s eyes widened at Sebastian. 
His child? 
So he does know! 
So why did he abandon us at the village? Where was he when we fell at the hill? How dare he forbid me from touching his child? 
Sasha was infuriated. She glared at him, her entire body was shaking as she snarled, “Your child? It looks like you have known all along that she’s yours. In that case, what were you doing in the afternoon? Did you know she almost fell to her death?” 
Sebastian was stumped. 
“Sebastian, you have no right to accuse me of anything. You had none then, and neither do you have any now. Even if I am eloping, such a matter has nothing to do with you!” 
Extremely disheartened, Sasha flared at him without restraint.
Sebastian’s eyes flashed with icy rage, and his knuckles cracked the moment he clenched his fists. Within his bloodshot eyes was a gaze that was filled with murderous intent. 
Thump! 
Without any warning, Sasha was grabbed by her throat and slammed against the store’s fridge. 
“Trying to elope? Fine, let’s see you do it with your corpse. Anything that belongs to me doesn’t leave my grasp unless it’s dead.” 
Holding a crying girl with one hand, Sebastian leaned toward Sasha’s ear and chuckled with a devilish tone. 
Sasha pupils began to constrict. 
Suddenly, she felt the fingers around her neck tighten as a suffocating sensation overwhelmed her body. 
“Mommy! Mommy!” 
Witnessing the scene, Vivian bawled at the top of her lungs. 
Meanwhile, the store attendants were utterly stunned. Watching the terrifying scene unfold before them, they lost all their abilities to react. 
Luckily, Solomon arrived at the nick of time. When he saw Sebastian raging like a madman, his expression changed drastically. He lunged forward and slapped the man’s hand away. 
“Sebastian! What the hell are you doing? You’re going to kill her!”
###Chapter 331
Chapter 331
Roaring at him, Solomon had the urge to smash Sebastian head’s with a beer bottle. 
He really is a madman! 
How can someone like this be released from prison? Or even occupy such an important position? Are people who back him blind? 
After bellowing a couple of times, Sebastian seemed to have snapped out of his rage. 
Looking at the choking woman in front of him, he froze momentarily. 
“Nancy, are you alright?” 
Seizing the moment, Solomon quickly pried Sasha away from Sebastian’s hand. 
The moment she was freed, Sasha desperately gasped for air, breathing as deeply as she could while holding onto her neck. Even her fingertips were shaking from the shock. 
She realized that she had been seconds away from death. 
“Mommy…” 
When Vivian saw her mother being saved, she wailed desperately in Sebastian’s arms. 
When Solomon heard her, he reached out his hands to carry her over. 
However, having regained his senses, Sebastian avoided Solomon’s attempt to take the girl from him. 
“What are you doing?”
“What am I doing? Sebastian. I’m trying to save your child. Do you not know what you just did? Hmm?” 
Solomon’s gaze darkened as he looked at the other man; the look he gave Sebastian was tinged with pity. 
Still holding her chest and heaving, Sasha glared at him when she heard his words. 
“Save my child? It appears that you know everything about me. Solomon, who on earth are you? How do you always appear at the crucial moment of our quarrel? In fact, you even come here and provide her with an option to escape. Tell me, what is your agenda? Are you only aiming to have her? Or is there more to your plot?” 
Speechless, Solomon didn’t expect Sebastian to be level-headed after going through such an emotional rollercoaster. 
Not only was Sebastian not provoked, but he also managed to calmly question Solomon’s motives, causing the latter’s expression to drastically change. 
Meanwhile, Sasha turned to look at him. This time, it was no longer one of blind trust but one of shock instead. 
It was tinged with disbelief and anger. 
When Solomon saw the look on her face, he panicked. “Nancy, let me explain…” 
“What’s there to explain? Will you explain how you have known her all along? Or will you explain the fact that you, a shareholder of Prime Cloud Corporation, were trying to get close to her all along? Solomon, do you think that by breaking us up, she will go with you?” 
Smirking, Sebastian interrupted him again.
Solomon’s face had lost all color then. 
He had not expected to be exposed by Sebastian after waiting in the shadows for such a long time. It now appeared that the man had always been one step ahead of him. 
“Sebastian Hayes!” 
“What? Is that not enough for you? Would you want me to go on?” 
“Enough!” 
Finally, someone ended the exchange. 
However, it wasn’t Solomon, but Sasha, who did so with a seething expression. 
At that moment, Sebastian complied while Solomon waited dejectedly for the backlash. 
Given how the matter had developed, it made sense for Sasha to drop Solomon and return to Sebastian’s side. 
However, what Sasha was about to say next would shock everyone. Turning her attention to Solomon, she remarked, “It’s time to board.” 
Solomon was stumped. 
Just when he was filled with despair, a lifeline was thrown at him. Nodding ecstatically, he picked up the luggage. 
As for Sebastian, he was dumbfounded.
The matter unfolded in a way he had not expected at all. Gaping, he watched the two of them turn and walk away. 
Meanwhile, when Vivian saw Sasha leaving, she began to struggle vehemently. “Mommy, mommy!” 
Why? 
Why did it turn out this way? 
Finally, Sebastian recovered from his shock. Holding Vivian in his arms, he dashed forward like a madman. Reaching out to grab Sasha, he pulled her forcefully around. 
“Why are you doing this? Didn’t I make myself clear?” Sebastian lashed out, overwhelmed with rage. 
Sasha’s face was white as sheet when she felt his hand come into contact with her skin. 
Despite seeing the fury in his eyes and the paleness of his lips, she gathered her courage. 
“What he has done is nothing compared to what you and your father did to me. Sebastian, do you know how easy my choice is, given that you have destroyed everything I have?” 
A deathly silence ensued. 
Her words were like a knife that pierced right through his heart. Suddenly, he could feel a cold and dark sensation creep into him as if his world was about to collapse. 
So, this is hell.
###Chapter 332
Chapter 332
Closing his eyes, he staggered backward… 
“Vivi!” Sasha cried out in shock. 
With quick reflexes, Solomon managed to catch Vivian, who was about to fall onto the ground. 
Sasha heaved her sigh of relief when she saw her daughter in good hands. Lifting her gaze, she prepared to berate Sebastian for his carelessness. As she did so, she was stunned to see that the man’s cheeks looked moist. 
She then realized that tears were rolling down from his closed eyes. 
What beautiful eyelashes… 
They were thick and slightly curled at their ends, just like two rows of fans. As they trembled and fluttered shut, they looked like wet butterfly wings that were fluttering desperately. 
“Goodbye, Sasha.” 
The man finally loosened his grip. After that, he turned around and left. Despite trudging ahead, he never did turn back. 
Sasha stared blankly at him. 
After a long while, Sebastian’s silhouette disappeared from the waiting area. Only then did Sasha suddenly feel as if something had been cut out from her. 
As an excruciating pain seized her heart, she swooned for a moment before crouching down. Finally, she held her chest and bawled in agony. 
We are… finally over.
By the time Roxanne found Sebastian after driving around for a long while, it was already dawn. 
Since spring had arrived early in Avenport, it rained every day. That night was no exception. The woman had assumed that he would be at the airport but was surprised to see him when she was halfway there. 
The man was stumbling along the road, looking like a corpse. Given that there wasn’t a soul around, and the airport was miles away, Roxanne realized that he had trudged his way in the rain the entire time. 
Has he gone mad? 
Does he have a death wish? 
As her face paled, she stopped the car and dashed up to him. “Sebastian, what are you doing? Are you crazy? Why are you walking alone on the highway in such heavy rain? Are you trying to kill yourself?” 
She was utterly furious. 
Within that fury was a sense of unprecedented fear and panic. 
However, the man looked as if he didn’t notice her presence at all. Staring blankly ahead, she could hardly see any color on his face due to the rain. The way he looked now was no different than that of a zombie. 
Is this even real? How could a woman hurt him to this extent? 
Where did his domineering aura and arrogance go? He is supposed to be Sebastian Hayes! De facto king of the city! 
Roxanne’s eyes filled with hatred at the thought of Sasha hurting the man like that.
“How did she turn you into a hollow shell like this? What right does she have? I am the one that saved you. For eight years, I have taken care of you. How dare she!” 
Clenching her teeth, she extended her hands toward him. When Sebastian put up a half-hearted struggle, she forcefully pressed on a spot behind his neck with her fingers. 
The next moment, he collapsed into her embrace. 
When she saw that he had finally calmed down, she mumbled, “Don’t be sad. I won’t let you remember this matter going forward. Both of us will live happily together, alright?” 
Sasha finally boarded the plane. 
Having cried earlier on, her emotions only calmed after a moment. 
When Solomon saw her feeling better, he got another blanket for both mother and daughter. After all, it was cold in the aircraft cabin late at night. 
However, just when he came over with the blanket in hand, he heard her remark in an icy tone. “Once we disembark from the plane, don’t ever let me see you again.” 
Solomon was speechless. 
The delight he had felt earlier was now replaced by despair. 
“Nancy, I…” 
“Although what you have done is nothing compared to what Sebastian did, it doesn’t mean I can pretend it didn’t happen. Solomon, after lying to me for so long, we are now even. I used you just now, and you deceived me. From now on, you should disappear from my sight!”
When Sasha raised her head, her expression was so cold that it sent a chill down his spine. At the same time, he could feel her razor-sharp gaze cut through his heart. 
Solomon’s face fell. 
Even? 
It finally dawned upon him that she did mind the fact that he lied to her. Also, she had not chosen him out of them both. 
All she did was leave him for later. 
After dealing with Sebastian, it was now his turn to be held accountable. It was a heartless move on Sasha’s part indeed. 
Solomon felt as if all hope was lost. “Nancy, do you really have to do this? I admit I lied to you, but I have never harmed you. Over the years, I have stayed by your side, and everything I did was to protect you.” 
“Protect me?” Those words felt like a joke to her. 
“Why do you want to protect me? I’m not related to you in any way. Why must you do so?” 
“When I was twelve, I almost fainted from hunger in school. During that time, you were the only one who gave me a piece of bread to eat. From that moment on, I only had one goal in mind — to never let any harm come to you as long as I live.” 
Solomon’s voice choked when he brought up what happened in the past.
###Chapter 333
Chapter 333
Twelve? 
That year, Sasha was eight and had just started primary three. 
Did I ever give him a piece of bread? 
Sasha couldn’t remember doing so at all. During that time, she had been engrossed with writing to the boy who had been locked up because of her. With her childish handwriting, she would write her letters word by word carefully. 
Therefore, she couldn’t recall such an incident at all. 
“I don’t need your protection, neither do I remember ever giving you anything. If I really did, I want to tell you that I regret doing so. My act of kindness doesn’t give you the right to manipulate me by pretending to be noble!” 
Sasha’s words were extremely harsh. 
Just like a knife, they cut through Solomon’s heart, causing him to go through an avalanche of emotions. 
He had indeed pretended to be noble. 
Despite claiming that he was protecting her for noble reasons, only he knew what his true agenda was. 
He had gotten to know her in Clear for five years. When Sebastian brought her back to Avenport, he followed her there too. And then, there was Wall Street and also that night itself. 
How dare he claim that he has not done anything to harm me?
If I remember correctly, the year he’s talking about was also the same year Xenia transferred to my school. Coincidentally, she was in primary six. 
Sasha closed her eyes and didn’t say another word. 
The next day, when the plane landed in Moranta, it was already daylight; another brand new day had arrived. 
“Mommy, have we arrived?” 
When Vivian got off the plane, she was greeted by the sight of unfamiliar buildings. She hugged her mother tightly, feeling nervous yet curious as she scanned her surroundings. 
Picking her up, Sasha nodded. “That’s right. We’re here. From now on, both of us will be living together in this place.” 
Despite missing her brothers, the young girl grunted in acknowledgment still. 
When both of them left the airport, Solomon was nowhere to be seen. Sasha couldn’t care less about the man; all she wanted to do was hail a cab and head home. 
A lanky youth suddenly called out to her, “Sha, over here.” 
That was when she realized that Lance had come to pick them up. 
Perhaps, Solomon informed him about my arrival before he left. 
Devoid of emotion, Sasha picked Vivian up and handed her luggage to her cousin. 
“What happened over at Wall Street? Have they investigated us yet?”
“No, Andy is dealing with it. It’s nothing major, really. So, there’s no need to worry,” Lance answered casually with the bags in his hands. 
Sasha smirked in response. 
About an hour later, the three of them arrived at their rental apartment. After putting Vivian in Lance’s care, she gave Andy a call. 
She needed to inform him about her return, given that she was reliant on him going forward. 
The woman decided to focus on work and nothing else. She endeavored to gather some amount of capital before her dad was released from prison. 
After that, the Wand family would make a comeback. 
As luck would have it, Andy and she successfully secured a couple of huge projects and amassed a massive amount of money. 
One day, when Sasha saw the amount of savings she had, an idea suddenly struck her. 
“Lance, now that we have the funds, I would like to buy back the Wand family home. Do you know who bought it during the auction back then?” 
At that moment, Lance was going through the accounts. 
Over the last few months, he had become quieter. He was no longer as talkative and clingy compared to the time he first arrived with Sasha. 
As time passed by, the woman had gotten used to his new demeanor.
“Sure, I’ll find out and let you know,” he replied earnestly. Putting away the documents in his hands, he got on it right away. 
A few minutes later, he found the answer. 
“A man named Bryan Xander bought it. He’s probably from Avenport.” 
“Great. Why don’t you find out what his contact number is and ask him if he intends to sell? I’m willing to pay him double of what he paid during the auction,” Sasha stated generously. 
In truth, the Wand family home wasn’t worth that much. When she was five, they moved into the house after they arrived from the north. Rufus had just started his own business when he bought the place. 
She was only willing to pay so much because the house contained many beautiful memories she had shared with her family. 
Lance went to check at once. Meanwhile, a tiny little head peeked in to see what was going on. 
Oh? Mommy and Uncle Lance are working. Should I use this opportunity to call Matt? 
Standing by the door, Vivian’s eyes flittered around as she got lost in thought. The next moment, she turned and ran back to her room. There, she gave her brother a call.
###Chapter 334
Chapter 334
Ring… Ring… 
“Hello?” 
Someone answered very quickly, much to Vivian’s delight. 
“Matt, it’s me, Vivi. Did you miss me?” 
“Yes, I did, Vivi. How have you been? Ian and I were worried when you didn’t call for an entire day.” 
The moment the call connected, Matt complained incessantly. 
Huh? 
An entire day? Didn’t I call them yesterday? 
With the phone in her hand, Vivian looked puzzled. 
Nevertheless, she was glad that her brothers missed her. 
Pouting her lips, she ranted, “That’s all because of Mommy. Over the last few days, she was at home instead of working in the office. Hence, I didn’t manage to give you guys a call.” 
Mommy’s not working? 
Matteo was stunned when he heard it. “Why isn’t Mommy at work? Is it because she knows Daddy is engaged to Ms. Rocke…” 
Before Matteo could finish, Ian sprang to his feet and cupped his brother’s mouth. 
“Are you crazy? Why did you tell Vivi about it?”
“Mmm…” 
When it dawned upon him that he shouldn’t have let the cat out of the bag, Matteo shut his mouth. 
Fortunately, Vivian wasn’t someone attentive. Hence, she didn’t pick up on what Matteo had said. 
“Matt, I heard Mommy instruct Uncle Lance to buy Grandpa’s house.” 
“Really?” 
The brothers were ecstatic at the news. 
If she intends to buy Grandpa’s house, does it mean she’s planning to return soon? 
Both boys turned excited at the idea. 
However, when they suddenly heard the roar of a car from downstairs, their expressions changed. After reminding Vivian to take care of herself, they frantically ended the call on their smartwatch. 
A few minutes later, Sebastian and Roxanne entered the house. 
“What are both of you doing? Why do you look flustered?” 
Sebastian had sharp observational skills. The moment he saw his sons come down, he noticed that they looked out of sorts. 
Ian’s lips were sealed. 
Racking his brains, Matteo explained, “It’s nothing really. We were just playing chess. By the way, Daddy, why did you come home so suddenly? Don’t you need to work today?”
“Work? No. Today, Roxanne and I are going to check out the hotel where we are going to hold our engagement banquet. Both of you should behave and obey Ms. Dolivo while we are away.” 
Furrowing his eyebrows, Sebastian gave the boys a reminder as he headed upstairs. 
The brothers were speechless. 
What is he doing at home if he needs to check out the hotel? 
Oh no! Is he looking for the household register? Does he want to register his marriage with that woman? 
The same thought crossed their minds. The next moment, their expressions changed as they shifted their attention upstairs. 
“Come over here, you cute little boys. Come and see what I have bought you. Ian, this is a limited edition Transformers toy. Also, Matteo, this is the golden game card that you have coveted all this while.” 
Oblivious to what was going through the children’s minds, Roxanne brought out the gifts the moment she entered the house. 
If it was in the past, the brothers would have loved the presents. 
However, all they gave her now was a look of resentment. After exchanging pointed glances, both of them ran upstairs. 
“Hey! What are both of you doing? Why did you run away? Don’t you want the presents I got you?” 
Roxanne’s entire countenance turned awkward when she saw their response.
At that moment, Sebastian was searching for something in his bedroom on the third floor. Just when he pulled open the drawer, he heard a loud thud from downstairs. Jolted by it, he then heard a child’s cry ring out. 
“Ahhh…” 
“Matt…” 
When he heard the shrieking cry, Sebastian dropped whatever he was doing and dashed out immediately. 
“Are you alright? What happened?” 
“Daddy, Matt fell down. He… He’s bleeding…” 
On the second-floor staircase, both boys were bawling out loud. One had fallen down while the other was frightened. 
Sebastian’s expression drastically changed when he saw the chaotic scene. 
Dashing over, he quickly picked up the boy who had fallen. Matteo was crying his lungs out with his mouth full of blood. 
“Someone! Prepare the car!” Sebastian was in a state of panic. Sprinting down the stairs, he dashed out of the house, ignoring Roxanne who was in the living hall. 
Ian followed closely behind, wiping his tears as he ran after his father. 
The moment he saw Roxanne, he gathered his composure and swore at her. 
Roxanne was shocked; she hadn’t expected to be snapped at by a crying child.
Why does he harbor so much animosity toward me? It never used to be like that.
###Chapter 335
Chapter 335
When Roxanne saw the scowl on Ian’s face, she felt humiliated by a child for the very first time in her life. 
“Ian, what has gotten into you? Why are you being rude to me? All I did was ask you about your brother.” 
“Because you’re not worthy of my kindness!” 
Ian’s reply was scathing. 
The frosty vibe he was emitting sent a chill down her spine. 
Not worthy? 
Roxanne stared at him, dumbfounded. 
It was the first time she heard a child spew such vile words. 
After she brought their father home the other day, he fell terribly sick. She then informed them that she had erased the memory of Sasha from his mind. Hence, she was expecting them to resent her for it. 
However, she didn’t imagine that it would turn into full-blown hatred. 
Just when she was about to lecture Ian with her grim expression, Wendy heard the commotion and rushed over. 
“Ian, what are you doing here? Aren’t you going to check on your brother?” 
“I am.”
Stretching out his arms in Wendy’s direction, Ian looked like a completely different person from the one who had been seething just now. 
Roxanne was speechless. 
Wendy remarked, “I’m sorry, Ms. Rocke. We’re going to check on Matt. Just make yourself at home.” 
At that, Wendy hurried away, leaving Roxanne on her own. 
The woman was instantly feeling vexed and outraged by the treatment. 
What’s the meaning on this? 
Why are they disrespecting me? What have I done wrong? 
I brought Sebastian home and helped him find peace. Why aren’t they grateful for it? Is it because I didn’t do enough? 
She was utterly infuriated. 
However, that was only the beginning. When she was supposed to check out the hotel for their engagement banquet, she received a call from Sebastian while she was walking in the villa’s garden. 
“Roxanne, we have to cancel our plans for today. Matteo’s injuries are quite bad, so I can’t make it.” 
Sebastian canceled their appointment without any hesitation. His voice sounded frantic, but it was simply out of concern for his son. 
Roxanne was rendered speechless upon hearing him cancel a plan related to their wedding. 
Before she could react, Sebastian had ended the call.
B*stard! 
At that very moment, she was overwhelmed by rage. 
In truth, the engagement had been difficult for her to accept. After all, she didn’t believe in marriage. Hence, she had rejected it when their parents wanted the two of them to be married back then. 
But now, she proposed for them to be engaged for the sake of Sebastian’s health. She also did so to prevent him from being harmed by Sasha again. 
Is this what I get in return? 
Furious at him, she wanted to call him back to demand an explanation. 
However, she received a call from someone else instead. 
“Hello?” 
“Roxanne, didn’t you say you wanted to check out the hotel? Why aren’t you here yet? Your dad and I have arrived.” 
It was her parents informing her that they had reached the venue. 
The gloominess on Roxanne’s face intensified. “There’s no need to do so anymore. Sebastian has left, and we can forget about the engagement!” 
Her mom’s expression darkened at that. “Left? What happened? What nonsense are you talking about? What do you mean the engagement is off? Explain it to us properly!” 
Her parents very much approved of Sebastian. Hence, they panicked at the suggestion that the man had backed out of the engagement.
Left without a choice, Roxanne explained everything to them. 
When she finished, her dad began scolding her. “Are you not ashamed of yourself for throwing a tantrum? His son is in the hospital right now. Instead of being concerned, why are you ranting about it instead?” 
“I…” 
“Shut up and hurry to the hospital right now. Your mom and I will also head over there.” 
Trevor was someone reasonable, so he was cognizant of how stubborn Roxanne could be at times. After scolding his daughter, he ended the call and drove his wife to the hospital. 
After the call ended, Roxanne headed to the hospital too. 
Meanwhile, at the hospital… 
Matteo’s wound had been treated. When he fell earlier, he had broken his front teeth, causing a lot of blood to ooze out. Nevertheless, it was enough to frighten Sebastian to death. 
“It’s alright. A new tooth will grow out in no time.” 
When the doctor who was treating Matteo saw how he snuggled up to Sebastian, he couldn’t help but comfort the little boy with a smile. 
Seeing how distraught his son was, Sebastian felt equally sorry. 
All this while, Matteo had always been tough and optimistic. This was the first time he had cried till his eyes were swollen.
Sebastian patted him gently. “Don’t worry. The doctor is telling you the truth. A stronger and more beautiful tooth will replace the one you have lost.” 
He gently pinched Matteo’s nose, which was a rare gesture. 
“Really?” 
Having heard his father’s words, Matteo blinked his eyes and finally stopped crying. 
Ten minutes later, the doctor had written down the prescription. While Sebastian went to get the medication, Matteo waited in the consultation room accompanied by Ian. 
“Does it hurt?” 
“No, it doesn’t!” 
Although his eyes were still red from crying and his lips swollen from the fall, Matteo shook his head defiantly at Ian’s question. 
Touched by his resilience, Ian hugged his brother tight.
###Chapter 336
Chapter 336
“Thank you, Matt.” 
“No thanks are needed. We’re brothers, after all. Stopping Daddy’s marriage to that woman is our ive. We must get rid of her and bring Mommy back!” 
With Ian hugging him, Matteo swore with his fist clenched tightly. 
Ian’s resolve was just as strong as his brother’s. 
In truth, Matteo’s fall wasn’t an accident. It was part of their plan to stop Sebastian from registering his marriage with Roxanne. 
Despite succeeding this time at great cost, they were already concerned about the next step in their plan. 
As long as the core issue wasn’t resolved, the scenario would just repeat itself. 
Consequently, the brothers frowned at their prospects. 
“Our current priority is to stop them from getting registered.” 
“What are you proposing?” 
“We have to destroy the household register!” 
Given his ruthless disposition, Matteo’s suggestions were always extreme. 
However, Ian knitted his eyebrows instead. 
Although it was possible, it wasn’t a permanent solution because a new household register could be easily applied for. Hence, it wasn’t the best option.
“I think we better get Mommy to come back.” After much consideration, Ian put forth his opinion. 
“Mommy?” 
With his eyes still moist from tears, Matteo looked at Ian with anticipation. 
Ian’s right. Mommy’s return will solve everything. 
“However, she doesn’t intend on coming back now. So, what are we going to do? Although Vivi says Mommy is going to buy Grandpa’s house and may return, I don’t think there’s a high chance of that happening.” 
“Mmm-hmm. Therefore, we have to set things in motion on our own.” 
At the crucial time, Ian, who resembled their father more in terms of intelligence and disposition, racked his brains for a solution. 
Since Ian had gotten involved, Matteo naturally went along with his brother’s plan. 
At Wall Street, Moranta. 
Within a short period of time, Lance got in contact with Bryan, who agreed to sell the house after a quick negotiation. 
“Is it true? Did he agree? That’s wonderful. In that case, you should go back and complete the ownership transfer.” 
Much to his surprise, Sasha wanted Lance to close the deal at once. 
Me? 
I’m not really familiar with the place. What am I to do if something goes wrong?
Lance wanted to persuade Sasha to go instead. 
To his dismay, she rejected his suggestion. 
Her excuse was that she was too busy with work and couldn’t take time off. 
Is she really busy, or does she not want to go? Perhaps, she just wants to avoid the place. 
Left without a choice, Lance booked a flight ticket for himself. 
Unexpectedly, Sasha received a call from Jackson that very night. 
“Sasha, what are you doing? Are you abandoning everything for the sake of money? Do you not want your family or your children anymore?” 
The moment the call connected, Jackson admonished Sasha harshly. 
The woman was initially delighted to answer Jackson’s call. After all, this was the first time he had called her since she left. 
However, she was stunned by the scolding she received. 
“Uncle Jackson, wh-what did I do? Am I not doing that right now?” 
She was referring to how she was taking care of the Blackwood and the Wand family. That included her father, who was about to be released from prison soon. 
However, Jackson continued with his tirade. “Are you? What did you even do? Do you know what happened to your son? Let me tell you, if you don’t do anything, he will probably end up losing his life.” 
Jackson’s words were harsh, given that the boys were still so young.
Sasha turned pale at once. 
“Uncle Jackson, who do you mean? Wh-what happened to them?” 
“What happened? See for yourself.” With that, Jackson ended the call angrily. A few moments later, Sasha received a photo that she frantically opened. 
Little did she expect to see a child whose face was swollen all over on her screen. 
What was even more terrifying was the fact that there was a hole in his front teeth; it looked as though it had been punched out of him. Her eyes flashed with rage at the sight. 
Sasha’s hands began trembling violently. 
“Who did this? Tell me. Who did this to my child?” 
Losing her mind, she screamed into the phone. The next moment, she was overwhelmed by both panic and murderous intent. 
Meanwhile, Lance happened to be standing behind her. When he saw her lose control, he took a peek at the phone and was shocked by what he saw. 
“Is that… Matteo? What happened to him? Did he get beaten up? Why does he look terrible? Who hit him? Didn’t Sebastian do anything?” 
Just when she was on the verge of fully losing her mind, Sasha received another message from Jackson: Matt said his stepmother did this to him. Given how violent she is right now, what’s going to happen to the brothers in the future? Especially when she has her own kids? 
Sasha’s body trembled furiously.
When she heard that her children had been harmed by their stepmother, she was both devastated and filled with hatred at the same time.
###Chapter 337
Chapter 337
Stepmother? 
Has Sebastian married Roxanne? 
Her heart tightened painfully at the thought. For the past half-year, she had not felt anything at all. 
But the moment she heard the news, she suddenly found it difficult to breathe. 
The moment she called Jackson back, she spat out, “They… They are also his children. Does he not care?” 
“If he cared, would this have happened? Let me tell you that the Rockes and the Hayes are closely intertwined now. Soon, they will be living together. If you don’t want your son to die in their hands, you have better come back at once!” Jackson raged before ending the call once more. 
Sasha’s head began to spin. 
Even the Rocke family has moved in? 
Roxanne did mention that their families were supposed to have entered a marriage of convenience in the first place. Therefore, now that she has become Mrs. Hayes, there’s nothing strange about them moving in. 
However, why do they need to torture my son? 
Is it because Sebastian intends to have other children? Are they no longer important to him when he has new kids? Or is it because they are my children? 
Sasha shut her eyes in anger. 
Finally, she decided to return in person.
Meanwhile, Lance was delighted by her decision. The day she was due to fly, he woke up early on purpose to send her to the airport. 
“Sha, don’t worry. I’ll hold the fort and take care of Vivi here.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
Sasha nodded plainly before boarding her flight in a rush. 
After having had a night to think through the matter, she had managed to calm down. There was nothing else in her mind other than her children. 
Having boarded the plane, she settled into her seat by the window. Coincidentally, the lady sitting beside her was a fellow Chanaean. 
“I know, I know. This time, I will definitely take pictures of the best scenes. So, don’t worry boss. I will make sure our magazine sells out!” 
After rambling on for a long time, the woman finally switched off her phone after the flight attendant had urged her to do so. 
“I’m sorry, my boss is just really naggy. I hope I didn’t disturb you,” the lady apologized courteously when she noticed Sasha sitting beside her. 
Sasha shook her head to show that she didn’t mind. 
Just when she thought the girl would keep to herself, she took out a magazine. 
“Here, this is a copy of our magazine. It’s really famous, and a lot of my articles are in there. Go ahead and take a look.” 
“Thank you.”
Sasha accepted it graciously; she had nothing better to do anyway. 
When she took a look, she realized that she had often seen the magazine on the streets of Moranta. It focused mainly on the entertainment industry and was more popular among youths. 
“Oh, you’re a reporter. In that case, what story are you going to cover back in Chanaea?” 
The lady reporter’s face lit up in delight at that question. 
“The wedding of the century. Both sides come from prestigious backgrounds. If I can get a scoop, my magazine will definitely sell out.” 
“Wedding of the century?” 
Sasha chuckled at the term. 
Since she’s an entertainment reporter, she probably means some famous superstars. After all, this is what their work revolves around. 
Not giving it too much thought, Sasha returned the magazine to the lady before curling up to sleep. 
I wonder if I will be able to take the children back with me. 
It might turn into an ugly battle. Either that or I might be able to take them easily. After all, the children seem to be unwanted. 
Sasha clenched her fists at that thought. 
A few hours later, she arrived at the Avenport airport.
After putting on her sunglasses, she set foot in the city once again. For a fleeting moment, she was lost in thought. 
Suddenly, someone patted on the back. “Miss, by the way, I forgot to ask you. What are you doing here? Did you come for work?” 
It was the lady reporter again. 
Regaining her senses, Sasha glanced at her, replying, “No, I’m from around here.” 
The lady nodded. “I see. In that case…” 
Sasha didn’t know what she was going to say. However, the lady’s face lit up when she looked in a particular direction. Her eyes seemed to be bursting out of their sockets. 
“Wow! It really is the wedding of the century! Even the airport has a billboard of their wedding pictures!” 
Shrieking in excitement, she pointed at the large LED screen. 
Sasha turned to look in reflex. 
The moment she saw it, her entire body tensed up. 
“So, he’s the legendary Astoria tycoon. What a handsome young man! Look how exquisite his features are! They really do make him look like nobility. My God! If he joins the entertainment industry, all the current celebrities will pale in comparison.” 
The lady was furiously taking pictures of the LED billboard. 
Sasha just stood there, spacing out.
Her mind went blank the moment she saw the massive wedding photo. All she could hear was a buzzing sound in her ear and nothing else.
###Chapter 338
Chapter 338
This was her first time seeing Sebastian’s wedding photos. 
When they got married back then, they didn’t take any. In fact, when they needed to register their marriage, Frederick had to piece two different pictures together. 
Thinking about it now, Sasha felt that it was a shame. 
But now, he and his first love were standing on the screen, blinding her. 
The two looked destined to be together. The man looked dashing; every chiseled angle was a symbol of perfection. 
As for Roxanne, she looked just like a princess, leaning submissively on him. Whoever saw her could feel the blissfulness she was exuding. 
It turned out that the wedding of the century the lady reporter was talking about was their wedding. 
Sasha didn’t know how long she stayed standing there, frozen to the spot. 
It wasn’t until the seller, who was waiting at the old Hayes residence, gave her a call that she regained her senses. 
“Hello? Ms. Wand? Have you gotten off the plane?” 
“Yes. I’m heading over right now.” Recovering her gaze, Sasha ended the call and buried her emotions away. 
After that, she left the airport with her luggage in hand. 
She reminded herself that everything that was happening was no longer any of her business.
She soon arrived in the city. 
Just like in the airport, the wedding photos were plastered on every billboard in the city. Furthermore, she could hear everyone talking about it everywhere she went. 
Many of the hotels she wanted to stay in were filled with people. 
Given how crowded it was, Sasha clenched her fingers and ordered the driver to take her to Old Town instead. 
“Mister, take me to Horington, please.” 
“Horington? Isn’t that place being marked for demolition? What are you going there for?” 
The driver was surprised to hear her intended destination. 
Sasha was stunned. “Demolished? Since when?” 
The taxi driver replied, “This year. Ever since New Town was built, Old Town has slowly become deserted.” 
This taxi driver must be a local given how much he knows. 
Why didn’t Uncle Jackson tell me it’s going to be demolished? Furthermore, he must still be at Horington. He didn’t tell me to head elsewhere to find him. 
Didn’t I give him quite a lot of money? Why didn’t he move? 
Shocked by the revelation, she told the driver to hurry on over to Old Town. 
The moment she arrived at Jackson’s house, she saw a sign outside that marked the place for demolition. It was so big — one would not miss it.
Why didn’t he tell me about this? 
Sasha got out of the taxi at once and rushed into the compound. 
“Uncle Jackson…” 
“Are you crazy? Why did you ask her to come back today? Did you want her to see that jerk’s wedding? Why must you cause trouble at a time like this?” 
Just when Sasha called out, she heard the voice of a middle-aged woman sound from the second floor. She sounded extremely angry. 
Sasha held her tongue at once. 
The voice belonged to her aunt, Sharon. 
Ever since Xenia died, Sasha didn’t dare talk to her aunt anymore — especially after the woman had slapped her. Whenever she heard Sharon’s voice, she would subconsciously be seized by fear and nervousness. 
“Why are you accusing me of causing trouble? Am I not doing this for the two children? Didn’t you see how badly Matteo was beaten?” 
“Why do you need to ask her to come back? That daughter of Trevor’s is obviously not one to be trifled with. If that silly girl returns and catches wind of the wedding, do you think she will have it easy? Let me remind you, she might end up getting triggered and end up doing something foolish. When that happens, the boys will be worse off from it,” Sharon berated her husband. 
Jackson fell silent in response. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had heard their entire exchange…
Aunt Sharon is wrong. The wedding has no impact on me whatsoever. 
However, she couldn’t tolerate what she heard her aunt say about the children. 
What does she mean by the boys will have it worse? 
Does she mean that they are suffering under Roxanne now? Where are they now, and what sort of condition are they in? 
Given that their wedding is today, where will they leave my children? 
Sasha didn’t dare think any further. When she felt the pain in her chest reverberate throughout her body, she didn’t care for anything else. 
With that, she turned and left. 
She knew she had to track down her sons first… 
At Royal Court One, Frontier Bay. 
Ian and Matteo were both dressed like gentlemen. Looking dashing and adorable, they were waiting for someone to pick them up. 
“Why isn’t Mommy here yet?” 
“Be patient!” 
Ian, who had always lacked a general sense of security, began to worry when there was no sign of Sasha still. 
Matteo reached out his hand to pat his brother in reassurance.
###Chapter 339
Chapter 339
“Don’t worry, she’ll be back for sure. The last thing she wants would be to see her children suffer. Just wait and see. Once we reach the hotel, we’ll be able to see her there,” Matt consoled Ian like an experienced grown-up. 
Ian felt as if a weight had been lifted off him when he heard that. 
The two brothers waited until the bride had arrived, but there was still no sign of their mother. They were disappointed to say the least. 
What’s going on? 
Does our mother no longer want us anymore? 
Matteo started to worry a little, and all of a sudden, something occurred to him. 
“Cr*p! Do you think she has gone to Frontier Bay instead?” 
Ian’s eyes lit up upon hearing that. 
It can’t be! 
How can she be that stupid? 
What do we do now? Sh*t! Daddy isn’t here either. Has he gone to Frontier Bay as well? 
The duo saw a hint of panic in each other’s eyes. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had indeed arrived at Frontier Bay. 
She had come here because she was sure that her two children would be made to stay at home while their father was getting married to that woman. After all, they had been treated so badly that Sasha
could not imagine that they would be invited to the engagement party. 
When she arrived, she saw that the lawn was still as luxurious and majestic as before. Hardly anything had changed since she was here six months ago. Flowers were still blooming everywhere. The huge villa, which was located on the hillside, was as grand as a castle. 
Still, why is it so quiet here? 
Sasha felt something was amiss. 
She dismissed her uneasy feeling and was more concerned about not getting spotted by the security guards. As such, she pulled her cap lower and hastily went around to the back of the garden. 
Going in on all fours would be the most ideal way. 
Sasha jumped off from the fence and was about to go to the second floor to find her sons when someone appeared at that moment. 
“Do we need to move these items to Rose Villa?” 
“I don’t think so. Mr. Hayes didn’t mention anything. I don’t think it’s appropriate though.” 
The voices seemed to come from the housemaids. 
Rose Villa? 
What are they talking about? Are they referring to the new house? 
Perhaps, the two of them have gotten another place as their marital home? That will explain why it is so quiet here. Even the servants are talking like this. 
The exceptionally smart Sasha figured it out at once.
Immediately, her face turned pale, and a suffocating discomfort swept over her. 
After around a couple of minutes, the two servants finally left. Sasha calmed herself down and continued to tiptoe. 
Will the two boys still be able to stay here if that’s the case? 
If Sebastian and Roxanne were not staying here anymore, Sasha doubted that they would take Ian and Matt with them seeing how much they were being detested. What will happen to the boys now? 
Please don’t tell me that they will be staying with Frederick. 
The more Sasha thought about it, the worse she felt. 
“Matt? Little Ian? Where are you guys?” 
“Matteo?” 
Suppressing her fury, she went through all the rooms looking for her children. 
Unfortunately, there was no sight of them on the second floor. 
That’s strange. Where have they gone to? 
Sasha began to get a little panicky. Just as she was about to go to the hanging garden, she heard the sound of someone coming into the villa. 
“Mr. Hayes, why are you back here? We received a call from the hotel, and they said Ms. Rocke is already there. Why aren’t you there yet? The ceremony is about to start.” 
“I know. I’ll be right there.”
Sasha freaked out at the sound of the deep, manly voice coming from downstairs. 
Oh my God! It’s Sebastian! 
Isn’t he supposed to be at his own wedding? What is he doing here? 
In a state of panic, she turned back from the hanging garden and sneaked into one of the rooms before he came upstairs. 
He mustn’t find me here. Otherwise, I will die a horrible death! 
Sasha had never been so scared in her life. 
It was indeed Sebastian who had returned to the villa. 
Today was the day of his engagement party with Roxanne. However, he had only just returned from the office, and there was no makeup artist with him. 
All he wanted was a change of clothes. 
Just as he reached the second floor, he realized that something was not right. 
The children would always close the doors after they left their rooms. 
In addition, the air no longer smelled of the disinfectant anymore. 
He frowned. 
All the while, Sasha was hiding in the room, not daring to make a single sound. 
Thankfully, she did not have to hide for too long. Perhaps, as a result of the servant’s reminder, Sebastian had gone up to the third floor and then rushed off in a hurry.
He had finally left. 
With that, Sasha let out a sigh of relief. 
She ran to open the door and planned to get out of there soonest. 
“Ahhh!” 
Her scream burst out without warning, and it could be heard throughout the entire second floor.
###Chapter 340
Chapter 340
It’s too horrifying! 
Is he a ghost? I heard him go downstairs a while ago. How does he appear outside this room now? Does he not realize that he could have given me a heart attack? 
Sasha’s mind went blank. 
Sebastian was standing outside the door and glaring at her. 
His expression was terrifying like a violent storm was brewing. Nevertheless, she found it strange that there was no other emotions on his face. 
Don’t tell me that after six months, this is all I meant to him? 
Sasha stared at him in a daze. 
“You’re not dead yet?” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s mind went blank for a moment. She had no idea what he was talking about. 
In the end, her reaction angered him further. “How dare you lie to me!” 
Thud! 
Before Sasha could react, he had already grabbed hold of her collar and pinned her against the door panel. 
“Mmm…” She had not expected such a reaction from him. In a split second, she started struggling in horror.
“S-Sebastian, let go of me. Sebastian…” 
“Let go of you? I can’t believe you still have the cheeks to say that! Sasha, you’re really brave. How dare you pretend to be dead! Since you like to play dead that much, I’ll grant you that wish today!” 
The moment he finished speaking, his fingers went around her neck and squeezed tightly. 
“Mr. Hayes! What are you doing? Let go of her!” 
It was a good thing that Wendy had heard the commotion and came running upstairs. She rushed forward at the crucial moment and put a stop to the madness. 
Sasha’s face had already turned a shade of deep purple! 
When Sebastian finally released his grip, she slumped beside Wendy and started to cough violently. 
Why is he behaving like this? 
What exactly is going on? Why is he behaving the same way like he saw her a long time ago? 
Sasha was so terrified that she was trembling all over with tears in her eyes. She kept staring at him with a fearful look like a deer in fright. 
Wendy whispered in her ears, “Ms. Wand, Mr. Hayes’ memories with you have been erased by Ms. Rocke using hypnosis.” 
“What did you say?” 
Sasha was thunderstruck! 
His memories have been erased through hypnosis?
Why? 
She felt her blood turn cold all of a sudden, like a knife that had been plunged deep into her heart. At that instance, she looked bewildered at the man who wanted to kill her and felt her heart aching so badly. 
Wendy could sense her disbelief, and she added, “Don’t you worry, Ms. Wand. It wasn’t Ms. Rocke’s idea. Mr. Hayes asked her to do it. When you left six months ago, he came back and fell seriously ill. Once he got better, he went to see Ms. Rocke.” 
Of course, the housemaid’s tone was not as cordial as before. Her dissatisfaction with Sasha was apparent throughout her words. 
Sasha was about to say something but found herself to be at a loss for words. 
All she felt was a chill running down her spine She was so shocked that her face went pale as she froze. 
“Detain her!” Since Sebastian had lost that part of his memories, he behaved like a completely different man. 
Right now, all he wanted to do was to deal with the woman who had lied to him for the past five years in the cruelest manner possible! 
Wendy was instantly stunned. 
“Please, Mr. Hayes. Don’t do this. Let her go for the sake of the children.” 
“Children?” He was out for Sasha’s blood and had no wish to listen to anybody. Instead, he sneered, “Is she even fit? What has it got to do with her?”
Sasha was speechless. 
Before she could say anything, a few bodyguards had already appeared at Sebastian’s command. 
Subsequently, Sasha was in their custody. 
By then, she was in a daze and wondered what was going on. There was no protest or struggle from her. 
Wendy, on the other hand, felt sorry for her and tried to talk to Sebastian, “Mr. Hayes, where are you taking her to? Don’t forget it’s your engagement with Ms. Rocke today. You will have to be at the hotel later on.” 
Nobody seemed to listen to her. 
Now that Sebastian’s memories had been reset to the beginning, the murderous look in his eyes remained throughout with no hint of dissipating. 
In the meantime, after more than an hour of waiting, Roxanne had finally received news of the happening at Frontier Bay. 
“Ms. Rocke, Mr. Hayes had taken Ms. Wand away. She had turned up at the villa, and Mr. Hayes became furious after seeing her. He said he wants to feed her to the dogs and ends up detaining her.” 
“What did you say? Feed her to the dogs?” 
Roxanne was both mad and happy when she heard the news.
###Chapter 341
Chapter 341
Roxanne was furious about Sasha’s sudden appearance and the disruption to her engagement. 
However, she was also happy to hear that Sebastian wanted to feed Sasha to the dogs. 
Since Sasha became dog food, Roxanne thought that there was no point in being upset about her anymore. 
After all, Roxanne and Sebastian would soon be engaged and married later. Therefore, Sasha’s presence was not a big deal. 
With that in mind, Roxanne soon figured what she had to do. She went to reassure both Sebastian and her parents to prevent them from disrupting this matter. She told them that Sebastion would be late due to something urgent in the company. 
Upon hearing hear her explanation, both families calmed down. 
However, Ian and Matteo were still worried. 
“Why is Mommy not here yet?” Ian said. 
Even after the end of the engagement ceremony, Sasha did not appear. Ian was so disappointed that he was about to cry. 
Matteo was disappointed too, but when he saw that Ian was about to cry, he comforted him and said, “Don’t cry. We can ask Granduncle Jackson whether Mommy is here.” 
“Okay,” Ian said. He calmed down slightly and followed Matteo to look for Jackson.
By the time they found out about Sasha, she had been locked up in a dog pound overnight. 
“Breakfast!” 
Sasha heard an impatient voice when she woke up in her prison the next day morning. Soon, the door opened, and a uniformed worker threw in a bowl of meat soup and two eggs. 
Sasha looked at the food and said nothing. 
The worker said, “Eat up now. Mr. Hayes said that you need to fatten up before we can feed you to the dogs. Do you understand?” 
Sasha did not want to respond. She stood and looked out of the window in a daze. 
She was on the first floor of a small two-story house. She found her living condition decent. The house was clean, and she had a good view of the mountains from the window. 
Is this a dog pound? 
Since when does he have such a cruel hobby? He actually raises a pack of dogs here. 
Sasha felt a wave of irritation as the dogs kept barking. She brought her breakfast from the table and began to eat slowly. 
Now, she had woken up completely. 
She was not afraid to be sent to the dogs. 
Instead, she was more concerned about the deletion of Sebastian’s memories. She never expected this to happen. 
Her face turned pale.
Woof, woof, woof… 
Suddenly, the dogs began to bark madly in the dog pound below. 
Her eyes widened at the noise as if sensing something. She set aside the bowl of soup and rushed to look out of the window. 
As expected, a striking black Aston Martin traveled along the winding mountain road toward the dog pound. The dogs barked at it wildly. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re here.” The dog pound worker rushed out of the house to welcome the person in the car. 
That person was Sebastian. 
Sasha clenched her fists. She saw him stepping out of the car, tall and dignified, but his handsome face devoid of any expression. He seemed cold like an iceberg. 
Sasha felt her heart sank. 
Everything was now back to square one, and she did not know how to face him. 
“Where’s she?” Sebastian asked. 
“Upstairs as per your instruction. I gave her the most nutritious food yesterday night and this morning. However, she’s so thin and small. I think she needs to fatten for at least a month before she’s good enough for the dogs.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
He’s serious about feeding me to the dogs?
Then, Sasha saw that Sebastian was coming up and panicked. She sat at the dining table hurriedly and took up the spoon again. 
Sebastian came in a couple of minutes later. 
“You’re… you’re here…” Sasha stuttered. 
“Cut the act. I’ll have you know that feeding you to the dog is an act of mercy on my part.” That was the first thing Sebastian said upon seeing her. Ever since he lost his memories, his temper grew worse than compared to the time he chased her down at Clear. 
Sasha did not say anything and ate the soup quietly. 
When Sebastian saw that she didn’t argue, his expression softened slightly. Then, he kicked a chair over impatiently, sat on it, and said, “How did you fake your death?” 
“Oh, the gynecologist helped me,” Sasha said. 
“The gynecologist?” Sebastian asked. 
“Yes, she’s my mother’s friend. She saw what I was going through and found out that I would be unhappy if I returned to your home. So after the children were born, she sent me off to Clear,” Sasha said calmly. 
She did not hide the truth from him this time. Since he already knew about it, there was no point in lying. 
Sebastian crossed his legs, and his expression froze for a moment. 
Although he lost his memories, he still remembered their marriage and how they came to have children. 
Therefore, when Sasha said that she would be unhappy with him, it hurt his pride. 
###Chapter 342
Chapter 342
“Why did you come back now? You never showed up even once in five years. Don’t tell me it’s because of my engagement,” Sebastian said with hatred in his eyes. 
Sasha was eating an egg at this moment. 
When she heard him, she had to chew the egg in her mouth for a long time before she could swallow it. 
Does he have to be so narcissistic? 
However, he has always been like this. Even when he first found me in Clear, he behaved like this too. He keeps thinking that I still have feelings for him. 
Sasha felt sick in the pit of her stomach. 
“You have misunderstood. I only want to see my children,” Sasha said. 
“See your children? Why do you want to see them? You have never raised them. They have nothing to do with you,” Sebastian said harshly. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
She told herself to hold her temper, as he did not remember anything. Furthermore, she reminded herself that she was doing this for the sake of her children. 
Sasha put down the spoon and took a sip of warm water. When her throat felt better, she looked up at Sebastian again and said, “Sebastian, I come here because I heard you’re getting married, but it was not for you. I’m here for the children.”
“What did you say?” Sebastian said. 
“What I mean is since you’re getting married and will have a new family, can we talk things out? Can you let me raise the children instead?” Sasha asked. 
“Let you raise them?” Sebastian had a sullen expression a moment ago, but now, he seemed on the verge of laughing. “Sasha, is something wrong with your head? How dare you come back to steal my children from me?” 
Sasha thought that no one had such skewed logic as him. 
She explained quickly, “I don’t mean it that way. I just thought that now you’re getting married, you will have other children. It would be difficult to take care of many children, so I thought to help share your burden.” 
Her words sounded sincere. 
She feared that if she sounded too harsh, he would lose his temper and ruin all chances for negotiation. 
Unfortunately, even after she humbled herself, Sebastian would not budge at all. 
“Stop pretending to be kind. I know you’ve ulterior motives. How dare you say that you want to help? You pretended to be dead and never asked about your children in the past five years. Listen carefully, Sasha. They’re my children. No matter how many other children I have, I’ll raise them myself. I don’t need your concern,” he said through gritted teeth and slammed the table when he stood up. 
Sasha’s face turned pale. 
Is he planning to have more children with that woman? 
She felt as if he stabbed her heart with a knife.
However, she forced herself to calm down quickly and not to think about that. After all, she came here for her children. 
“Sebastian, please don’t do this. I… I admit that I was wrong. Can you let me see them? I’m their mother.” Sasha stood up and rushed to hold onto him. 
However, Sebastian pushed her away in disgust. “You still think that you deserve to be their mother? Dream on!” 
Sasha could not say anything in response. 
She stood there and looked at his furious and cold expression quietly. 
Suddenly, she remembered that they were now back in square one. To Sebastian, she was the woman who lied to him and pretended to be dead for five years. She had nothing going for her. 
Therefore, Sasha slumped back onto the chair dejectedly. 
After Sebastian left, Sasha was alone once again. She looked at the worker below and wondered what orders Sebastian gave about her before he left. 
The worker started feeding her with even more food! 
Is he seriously planning to feed me to the dogs? It seems that Sebastian is determined to kill me. 
Sasha began to panic. 
Fortunately for her, another car arrived at around three o’clock in the afternoon. 
Woof, woof, woof… 
The dogs began to bark again when they saw the car.
The worker rushed out and said, “Who are you? Who let you come here? Don’t you know what this place is?” 
“I know this is Sebastian’s dog pound? Step aside! I’m here to kill the dogs!” A man dressed colorfully like a peacock came out of the car and took out a large baseball when he saw the worker rushing to him. 
The worker panicked. 
Even Sasha was shocked as she watched from upstairs. 
Isn’t that Brandon? Why is he here? 
The worker did not dare to stop him because he recognized him. He was Hayes’ ruthless cousin. 
Therefore, Brandon went ahead with his baseball bat. Soon, blood-curdling cries of dogs filled the air. Sasha gulped and saw the worker rush in hurriedly. 
###Chapter 343
Chapter 343
“Mr. Emmanuel, please don’t kill them! Mr. Hayes will kill me if you do, argh!” 
This is really a bad luck. 
Sasha did not dare to look anymore and hid in her room. 
He’s scary. I don’t want him to find me here. Otherwise, I’ll be in trouble. 
However, right after that thought, a series of footsteps came from outside. Someone pushed the door open. 
Sasha gasped. 
“D*mn! You’re locked up here. Are you an idiot? Why do you come back at this time? Don’t you know that he’s crazy?” Brandon began scolding her the moment he saw her. 
Sasha gaped at him. 
Huh, let him say whatever he wants. I can’t argue with him anyway. 
After scolding her for around five minutes, Brandon finally stopped and said, “Now, leave with me before that b*stard comes back.” 
“Leave this place?” Sasha was astounded. “Where do we go?” 
Brandon suddenly became angry again. “We’re leaving here, of course. Don’t tell me you want to be locked up by that maniac. He can’t remember anything now. If he goes mad one day, he might just feed you to the dogs.”
Sasha didn’t know what to say. 
She resisted her temper and asked, “How do you know that I’m here?” 
Brandon said, “Your sons told me. They called me and said that their father abducted you. I investigated and found that he brought you to a dog pound. That crazy b*stard!” 
Brandon was furious again and wanted to lash out at someone. 
When Sasha heard that her sons called him here, her eyes brightened. 
Initially, she thought she should stay since it meant she could see Sebastian again. It would give her another chance to discuss with him about their children. 
However, Brandon said that her children asked him to save her. 
Sasha was touched and decided to escape with him. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was in the midst of a meeting. When Luke answered a call from the dog pound worker, he spurted tea onto the keyboard. “What did you say? Mr. Hayes imprisoned madam in the dog pound?” 
“No, Mr. Scott, you have misunderstood. It’s not madam, but a woman by the surname Wand. What I want to tell you is not her imprisoned here, but that Mr. Brandon has abducted her.” Even though the worker was in shock, he did not forget to correct Luke. 
Luke looked at his keyboard. 
He did not react immediately. Instead, he let his mind process the news and took a few tissues to wipe the tea on the keyboard. Then, he said to the worker calmly, “Since it was Mr. Brandon who took her away, you don’t need to panic.”
“But…” the worker said. 
“That’s enough. I’ll handle this matter, so don’t worry.” Luke hung up and did not seem nervous at all. 
In the past, such a matter would cause the company to be in an uproar. But now, why was Luke drinking tea so calmly? 
Therefore, there must be something strange about this. 
Meanwhile, Sasha followed Brandon to his place. 
“You wait here for a while. I’ll go pick up the two little rascals,” Brandon said. 
“Huh?” Sasha was surprised. “You… you’re going to pick them up? Where are they? Have you arranged to meet them?” 
“Of course, you idiot!” Brandon sneered and left. 
Sasha knew that Brandon detested her. Since the first day they met, he labeled her an idiot. 
Therefore, Sasha could only remain in his house obediently. 
Half an hour later, she was ecstatic to see that Brandon brought her children back as he said. 
“Mommy!” Ian and Matteo shouted excitedly as they got out of the car. They finally get to see their mother, so they ran to her. 
Sasha wept and hugged the two boys tight in her arms. 
“Sweeties, I finally get to see you both. I’m so glad. Are both of you both well?” She could barely speak in her tears. She continued to hug them tightly and refused to let them go.
Ian and Matteo were rather mature for their age. They shook their heads to indicate that they were well. 
However, Sasha would not believe so easily. 
She remembered the photograph and let go of them. Then, she held Matteo’s face to examine him. “Come here, Matt. Let me see your injuries.” 
Matteo did not say anything. 
Ian stood beside him and did not dare to make a sound. 
It was because they both lied to Sasha. 
“My goodness! Where are your teeth? Did she pull them off?” Sasha realized that two front teeth were missing from Matteo’s mouth and shook in fury. 
Ian pursed his lips and was about to explain to Sasha when Brandon burst into fury. 
###Chapter 344
Chapter 344
“What do you mean? Did someone hit him? Who dared to hit him, knowing he was Sebastian’s son? Who the f*ck is this person?” 
The man instantly blurted 
Sasha’s eyes were red. She didn’t want to say it, but she couldn’t hold it in in the end. “It’s Roxanne! She’s the one who abuses them!” 
“What did you say? Roxanne!” Even Brandon got agitated. He couldn’t believe what he heard. 
“F*ck! Is Sebastian stupid? How can he let that b*tch abuse his sons? Is he retarded? He is neglecting his son for the sake of that woman.” 
He looked so angry, as if he was about to settle the score with Sebastian. 
However, Sasha wasn’t in the mood to care about any of this. All she wanted to do was to take her children away, as far away as possible. 
That was just how she was. Whenever something like this happened, all she wanted was to run away with them. 
Maybe she knew she didn’t have the strength to go against that man. 
Additionally, she was mentally tired and didn’t want to experience any of this anymore. They got married, while she took good care of the children. Is that not good? She would let Sebastian and Roxanne have their way.
“Brandon, can you help me once more?” 
“What is it?” 
“I want to take them away. Can you think of a way without… Sebastian finding out?” She was sobbing, and her eyes were red. 
Brandon was stunned. 
That was actually the second time she requested help to escape. However, the last time they tried to escape, they were caught by that prick and failed. 
What about this time? 
Brandon decided that he would help them escape this time, no matter what. 
Matteo and Ian were looking at them quietly without making a sound. When they finally heard their mommy’s final decision to take them away again. 
And the brainless Uncle Sebastian agreed without any hesitation. 
The two little kids were dumbfounded! 
That wasn’t what they wanted. 
Matteo watched as the both of them walked out. He cradled his little head sorrowfully. “Oh no. If Mommy takes us away again, Daddy will be in huge trouble.” 
Ian… had the same sentiment. 
Because Daddy had changed, unlike Daddy from before. He loathed Mommy and had no feelings for her.
But what could they do? 
The children thought about it for a long time and finally decided to change the strategy. 
“Uncle Sebastian, regarding this matter, I don’t think we should leave yet.” 
“Why?” 
Brandon, sitting in front of the computer looking for an underground arms dealer for a helicopter, heard their conversation. He turned around and saw the children who were already in his room. 
Matteo displayed a worried expression and said, “Think about it. What kind of person is my daddy? His influence spans every corner of the world. If you were to take us away, how can you guarantee that he won’t find us later?” 
“…” 
Brandon was rendered speechless by the words of a five-year-old boy. 
Indeed, that possibility shouldn’t be ruled out. 
That man was way too incredible. If he were to find out that Sasha took the kids away, he would have them found one way or another. The last time this woman escaped, she hid in the mountains at Yartran, but he found her eventually. 
She had a brutal ending. 
Brandon suddenly shivered. 
“Brandon, Mommy made that decision was because she lost her mind after seeing me getting beaten. It would be best if you didn’t do the same, or else we’ll be really done for.”
After the cheeky Matteo saw the brainless Brandon influenced by his words, he simply hugged his arms and started to act skittish. 
He acted like a sorry little puppy, melting everyone’s heart. 
Brandon finally gave in… 
Downtown at Hayes Corporation 
Luke broke the news to Sebastian, who just came out from a meeting. As expected, his reactions were not as furious as before. 
There was a hint of anger, but insignificant compared to the past. 
“What then?” 
“Then, I sent someone to follow him and found out that he brought Ms. Wand home. And not long after, he also got Ian and Matteo there and even brought her to Rocke residence.” 
Luke hesitated while telling his findings from the investigation. 
Just as he finished, the atmosphere of the office instantly went cold. 
“The Rocke residence? Why did he bring her there? Does he have a death wish? 
Sebastian’s words were so gentle but intimidating. 
Luke was sweating bullets. 
“I’m not very sure. But Mr. Hayes, didn’t you say Ms. Wand came for the children this time? Maybe she went to look for Ms. Rocke to talk about the kids.”
“I heard that Mr. Matteo went to his granduncle’s house before this. Do you think they may have already complained to Ms. Wand about it? Otherwise, Ms. Wand would not return at this time. If they have already made a complaint, and they are looking for Ms. Rocke at this time…” 
Luke couldn’t continue. 
Sebastian looked grim. 
“She has some nerve!” 
Those were the last words he said. 
###Chapter 345
Chapter 345
Instead, Sasha went to Rocke residence with Brandon. 
Initially, she wanted him to arrange for them to leave the country secretly. But the man analyzed to her that the solution would not resolve the root cause of the problem. If Sebastian got angry, there was no guarantee he wouldn’t be able to find them. 
And things would end terribly. 
Thus, Sasha was convinced and she went to Rocke residence instead. 
“Sasha, after we go in, don’t mention anything else. Just discuss the kids with her, understand? She doesn’t like seeing those two children anyway. I believe she would agree to persuade Sebastian to give up the children.” 
While Brandon was driving to Rocke Residence, he reminded Sasha again not to lose control. 
“Okay,” Sasha replied. 
For the sake of the two children, she would never start a fight. 
However, it sounded a little ironic. She wanted the children she had with that man, but she had to depend on another woman. Was it because he loved her more? 
Soon, they arrived at Rocke residence.. 
As the Rocke family had always been abroad, they did not procure any new properties. Thus, when they arrived, all they saw was the same old house.
However, they were still a wealthy family, and the old house was still well maintained. 
“Who are you looking for?” 
“Excuse me, we are here to see Ms. Rocke. Is she home?” 
When someone came out of the residence, Brandon got out of the car first and took the initiative to introduce himself and his reason for coming, worried that Sasha’s tone might put her off. 
The person checked out the both of them and asked, “You’re looking for Ms. Rocke? Well, she’s in, but who are you people? Do you have an appointment?” 
Brandon instantly gave out a warm smile, “Yes, of course. We already have an appointment. You’ll understand after you bring us into the house.” 
For a person who had been in the entertainment industry for a long time, his lies were indeed slick. 
Finally, Sasha and Brandon were brought into the house. 
They saw a house of historical value, a completely different scenery detached from the modern world as they entered the house. Although it looked old, the lush environment felt surreal. 
“Madison, who’s here?” 
“Mrs. Rocke, They’re friends of Ms. Rocke. They are looking for her.” 
The housemaid who brought in Sasha and Bandon heard a voice came from the courtyard and hurriedly answered. 
Roxanne’s friends? 
What kind of friends can she have here?
Mrs. Rocke had her suspicions. And Sasha, who was about to meet with Roxanne, saw a graceful and elegant middle-aged woman appearing before her as she crossed the crescent-shaped arch bridge. 
‘It’s actually you?” 
No one expected for Mrs. Rocke to actually know Sasha. 
Sasha stopped walking, and looked towards the middle-aged woman. “Madam, do you know me?” 
Mrs. Rocke’s face turned dark. “How could I not know you? Aren’t you Sebastian’s ex-wife? So you have actually come back? And the reason Sebastian was not present at the engagement was because of you?” 
Sasha remained quiet. 
He didn’t go to the engagement that day? 
She was a little surprised. 
Soon after, she recalled the man’s current behavior, and she denied that this matter had nothing to do with her. Because at this stage, she would never expect him to not get engaged because of her. 
Stop dreaming Sasha! 
Sasha calmed down and said, “Madam, you must have misunderstood. Indeed, I came back that day, but I was thrown to the dog pound immediately. I only managed to escape today.” 
‘What? Dog pound?” 
Mrs. Rocke was slightly doubtful. 
But it couldn’t be denied, she was very happy to hear that.
As long as Sasha wouldn’t jeopardize the affairs of her daughter and son-on-law, there was nothing to be unhappy about. 
Mrs. Rocke changed to a warmer expression. “If that’s the case, why are you here today? Given your relationship with Roxanne, I don’t think you know each other so well that you’ll come over and visit her. Am I right?” 
“No. I came to see Ms. Rocke to seek her help.” 
“What kind of help?” 
“To see if she can help me talk to Sebastian for him to leave the two children to me.” Finally, Sasha explained her true intentions for coming over. 
And the courtyard became silent. 
Taking the two children away was indeed beneficial for the Rocke family. 
Well, once Roxanne is married into the Rocke family, she would be expecting her own child very soon. When that happens, there wouldn’t be any other children other than theirs. 
And that would be excellent for them. 
Mrs. Rocke wanted to agree. 
However, at the same time, another person suddenly came to the courtyard. It wasn’t Roxanne, but a middle-aged man that had similar eyebrows to Roxanne. 
After he heard Sasha, he became gloomy. “Ms. Wand, what are you talking about? How could you let our daughter do such a thing? Are you trying to jeopardize their relationship as husband and wife? 
What?
Sasha’s face changed. 
Who is this man? Could he be Roxanne’s father, Trevor Rocke? 
###Chapter 346
Chapter 346
She squeezed her fingers tightly and took a deep breath. She explained, “No. Since both of them are married, I just thought they would have their own children in the future. If my two children stayed with them, they would have no time to take care of them.” 
“That’s their problem, Ms. Wand. If my daughter were to do this, Sebastian would assume that my daughter couldn’t handle those two children. Do you want my daughter to be labeled as a wicked woman after just getting married to the Hayes family?” 
“…” 
Sasha didn’t utter a word for four to five seconds. 
The anger that she had endured for such a long time began to writhe again in her chest. She could hardly control herself. 
Isn’t his daughter a wicked woman already? 
She has beaten the children to this extent even before marrying into the Hayes family. And he dared to say that she instigated them? 
“Mr. Rocke, why don’t we ask your daughter instead? She might agree.” Sasha held back her anger and asked. 
Unfortunately, the opponent didn’t give in to her kind words. 
Trevor waved his hand, and two servants immediately came over. “Send her off! What the he*l is this? No wonder Rufus would end up like that. It turns out that the Wand family is of the same kind.”
Sasha did not like what she heard. 
As if something exploded in her head with a bang, her blood boiled throughout her entire body, and her eyes immediately filled with blood red. 
“What did you say? About my father? About the Wand family?” 
She rushed forward and interrogated Trevor furiously. 
But Trevor didn’t respond. Suddenly, Roxanne came out of the house to check out the commotion. 
“Sasha Wand, what are you doing shouting at my father?” 
“Roxanne?” 
Sasha finally saw the person she wanted to meet. She faced Roxanne and exclaimed, “What am I doing? I’m here to seek justice for my son!” 
“Justice? What justice? Are you mad? Did you come to my house seek trouble?” 
“Am I mad? Yes, I’m mad. But it was all because of you. Roxanne, you are a doctor. How could you be so heinous? Matteo is only five years old, and you were abusive towards him. Are you not afraid of karma?” 
Sasha’s anger reached its boiling point, and she eventually blurted out the words that she should never have said. 
Well, her actual reason for coming over was to settle the score for her son. 
However, what infuriated her, even more was that the woman denied everything she said. 
“Nonsense. When have I ever hit Matteo? Are you crazy?”
“You still deny it? I knew all about it. Roxanne, don’t you think no one would find out what you did. I already knew everything that you have done. If you agree to help me today, then I won’t look into it any further. But if you won’t, don’t blame me for what I’m about to do to your marriage!” 
Sasha was fuming with rage, she even threatened Roxanne. 
But in reality, she didn’t have such intentions. 
However, Roxanne’s expression turned grim after hearing it. 
“Excuse me? I dare you to say that again!” 
She then kept quiet without anger, nor expression. She just gave Sasha a bone-chilling glare like a phantom that appeared out of thin air. 
Sasha staggered. 
She felt a sudden chill down her spine and subconsciously took a step back. 
But it was too late. Roxanne dashed forward and slapped her in the face. 
Slap! 
Everyone in the courtyard froze. 
Brandon, who was behind Sasha watching, jumped forward after witnessing the slap. “What are you doing? Why did you hit her?” 
“What’s the big deal? Our engagement wasn’t successful that day because of her! She dared to jeopardize our marriage. So what if I hit her?” 
Roxanne’s expression was hideous.
No one knew when her carefree personality changed. She used to be a single-minded person, with nothing else other than her beloved career and research work in her mind. 
But now, as Sasha was holding her face while looking at her, she suddenly thought of Xandra, who also had the distorted, hideous look at that time. 
And it was menacing. 
How did she become like this? 
Brandon was really outraged. 
“God da*n it! You’re asking for it!” He roared and kicked Roxanne without hesitation. 
“Aargh!!” 
Her shriek filled the entire courtyard. 
After Brandon sent Roxanne flying with his kick, everyone froze once again. And boom. She pummeled onto the ground. 
Good god! 
Even Sasha forgot about the pain on her face after seeing that. 
Even Sebastian, who had just arrived, had his veins violently popped all over his body after watching the entire scene. 
###Chapter 347
Chapter 347
“You’re here, Sebastian! Come here, look at what they did to Roxanne. You’ve got to teach them a lesson!” 
Diana noticed Sebastian almost instantly and she rushed towards him while shouting and crying. 
Hearing that, Sasha quickly turned to look. 
Her expression changed when she realized that he was really there. 
Crap. He’ll never let me off the hook now. 
Sebastian walked over and his eyes turned cold when he saw that Roxanne was lying motionless on the floor. Cold rage filled all over him in an instant. 
“What were the both of you thinking? Don’t you have anything else better to do? Why did you hit her?” he shouted at Brandon. 
The latter feared nothing and could be considered a person who everyone feared in Avenport. However, he shook with terror whenever it came to his cousin. 
Sebastian’s words had knocked his arrogance down a notch. 
“I- I didn’t hit her on purpose. She was the one who slapped Sasha first!” Brandon stuttered, throwing Sasha under the bus. 
As she stood on the spot, she saw that the man who had just walked in and looked at her finally. 
She couldn’t get words out of her mouth.
There was a moment where she felt so aggrieved that her heart hurt. Sasha covered her face as she watched the man before her with watery eyes. 
However, to her disappointment, Sebastian had swept his gaze past her. 
He didn’t even stop to look at her properly. 
It was as though she was just a stranger to him. His cold eyes were filled with disgust as he took a quick glance at her before he returned to staring at Roxanne. 
“Did she lose her mind from the slapping? Or is she crippled now? Do you know how many slaps you could’ve given her when you kicked Roxanne?” 
Sebastian’s words were so cruel that even Brandon was shocked for a long while. 
This asshole! Has he really gone crazy? 
How could he say such a thing? 
“Sebastian, do you know-” 
“That’s enough. Let’s just leave.” 
An extremely soft voice sounded and interrupted Brandon. 
Sasha’s face was extremely pale as she stopped him from causing any more trouble. All she wanted to do at that moment was to leave. 
Nonetheless, things were not as simple as she thought. 
“Leave? Where are you planning to go? What are you doing, Sebastian? She wants to leave but you’re not doing anything about it?”
Surprisingly, the first one to speak was Roxanne. 
She was still on the floor as she clutched her stomach with both hands. However, she was glaring at Sebastian, questioning him on why he hadn’t done anything. 
Sasha’s face seemed to pale even more upon hearing her. 
She wanted to say something but Diana snapped back to her senses after hearing her daughter’s voice. 
“Yes, Sebastian. What is wrong with you? Even though she’s your ex-wife, she brought someone and caused trouble for us when she hasn’t gotten a clear idea of things. She even did this to Roxanne. Aren’t you going to do something about it? Don’t tell me you’re actually trying to protect her?” 
“You’re reading too much into things. I’m just thinking about what I should do with her.” 
The man finally said something. 
Yet, not only did Sasha and Brandon feel hopeless after hearing his words, they felt like a bucket of cold water was just poured on them. 
They knew they would be doomed right then. 
“You f**king as*hole!” Brandon shouted. 
The Rocke family, on the other hand, was extremely happy to hear that, especially Diana. She instantly suggested what Sebastian should do after hearing that he was still deciding. 
“What’s so difficult about it? She was trying so hard to get Roxanne to persuade you to give up your children. You should just send her to the police. I think it’ll be the safest way.” 
“She has a good point. With such a thought in her mind, we have to be careful, Sebastian. What if she kidnaps the children one day?”
Unexpectedly, even the reputable professor of the Rocke family had joined in and agreed. 
Overwhelmed with sorrow and anger, Sasha let out a cold laugh. 
Brandon started to lose his temper after hearing his words. 
“Are you crazy? They are Sasha’s children. What do you mean by kidnap? You’re a professor. Is this how you talk to people normally?” 
“You-” 
“Enough! I have my own plans for what I’m going to do. Stop arguing!” 
Sebastian was no longer able to tolerate them and finally snapped. 
After that, two of the Hayes family’s bodyguards walked in and took Sasha and Brandon away. 
“What are you going to do about her?” 
Roxanne asked after seeing what happened. What on earth is he going to do to that woman? 
All Sebastian did was give her a blank stare as he said, “You don’t have to worry about it. I’ll handle it. You’re hurt so you better get it checked out.” 
With that said, he left. 
The woman went quiet. 
A strange feeling slithered into her heart. 
Although he was caring for her and reassured her, she couldn’t help but feel that he was only brushing her off. His eyes were oddly calm, so much so that she felt that he was just here to bring Sasha home.
###Chapter 348
Chapter 348
Sasha was brought to the dog pound again. 
“Tie her up with extra chains this time!” 
Upon arriving at the place, the man who was full of hostility dragged her out of the car. Immediately after that, he ordered the person who was watching the dogs to get some metal chains to lock her up. 
An overwhelming sense of panic washed over Sasha as she started to struggle. “What are you doing, Sebastian? I’m not a dog! Why are you trying to lock me up?” 
“You’re right. You’re not a dog. But you’re going to be the dogs’ food. I’m giving you one last warning, Sasha. If you continue to make a fuss, you won’t be the only one who’s going to end up as dog food.” 
Sebastian gripped tightly on her wrist as he looked down at her. His face was dark he looked as though he was about to skin her alive soon. 
At the sight of him, she finally couldn’t hold in the anger she had felt since she was at the Rocke residence. 
“Alright then. Go ahead and lock me up. Throw me to the dogs if you dare. Why do you even have to lock me up anyway? Just chop me up and feed me to them. Why waste so much time and energy?” 
Her screams were hysterical. Her entire body shook due to the extreme anger and sadness she was feeling and her eyes had reddened. 
Sebastian’s cold expression seemed to have darkened even more.
Strangely though, he did not lash out at all. 
“Bring her in!” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
The dog watcher grabbed the metal chains and was about to bring Sasha to the room to lock her up. 
However, she wasn’t willing to submit to them just like that. 
She knew clearly that the man before her wouldn’t feel pity for her anymore. He had gone back to the time when they were at their worst. Sebastian had someone else now and Sasha was just someone he didn’t want to see at all. 
The woman started to fight back. Just as the dog watcher was walking to her, she lowered her head and bit hard on Sebastian’s hand. 
“Ugh-” 
Taken by surprise, he let out a low grunt and loosened his grip. 
At the sight of this, Sasha instantly made a run for it. 
“Mr. Hayes, she… stand right there!” 
Having seen this, the dog watcher shouted and chased after her with the metal chains in hand. 
Before she could even run far enough, Sasha heard a loud ‘clang!’ from behind. A gust of wind blew past her and the metal chain hit the back of her head and her back the next second. 
“Ah…” 
Before she could even let out a scream, she fell onto the ground with a thud.
Sebastian snapped his head towards her and was stunned when he saw what had happened. 
He finally snapped back to his senses when he saw blood gushing from the back of her head. His eyes widened and he instantly rushed towards her. 
“How are you feeling, Sasha?” 
He got to his knees by her side and in just a matter of seconds, his face had turned as pale as a sheet. 
Having realized that something was wrong, the dog watcher stammered as he explained, “I- I didn’t do it on purpose, Mr. Hayes. I just saw that she-” 
“You’re courting death!” Sebastian roared. 
The former didn’t manage to see when his president had moved when he felt severe pain in his neck. The metal chain had struck him. 
He instantly coughed out blood and fell onto the ground. 
“Mr. Hayes…” 
The dog watcher couldn’t understand why Sebastian had such a huge change in his attitude so suddenly. Isn’t he going to feed this woman to the dogs? 
So why can’t I hit her? 
Sasha didn’t expect it when she didn’t die in Sebastian’s hands. Instead, she had almost died from being hit with the dog watcher’s metal chain. 
Ahem! Ahem! 
“You’re awake?”
She felt the world spinning as she opened her eyes and almost puked. 
Jackson sat beside her as he watched her with cold eyes. 
The woman only noticed his presence when she finally felt better. 
“Uncle Jackson… Why are you here? Where… Where am I?” 
Sasha studied her surroundings in exhaustion and noticed that she wasn’t at the dog pound anymore. She was laying in bed in a shabby, old-fashioned house. 
This is… 
She suddenly noticed a celadon-glazed vase by the window and certificates with her name written on them hanging on the walls. 
“Where are you? You’re in hell, of course!” Jackson answered grumpily. 
He couldn’t help but scold her when his niece asked such a question the moment she woke up. 
Sasha didn’t dare to speak anymore. 
This was the first time her uncle took the initiative to visit her ever since his daughter, Xenia’s death. She was extremely grateful and couldn’t ask for more. 
That was why both the uncle and the niece stayed in the silence for a long time. 
“What are you doing up there, Jackson? Get down here and eat!” 
Sharon’s voice sounded from downstairs suddenly. 
Sasha instantly froze upon hearing her voice.
I am indeed at the Blackwood residence. 
How can this be? How do I end up here? 
Wasn’t I at the dog pound earlier? 
Her mind was in a mess. 
“You’d better lay down and rest if you don’t want to die. Sebastian isn’t the person he used to be anymore. You’re lucky enough to keep your life this time but that doesn’t mean there will be a second time,” Jackson said before leaving the room. 
###Chapter 349
Chapter 349
Sasha was stunned. 
She had no idea how she ended up at the Blackwood residence. She clearly remembered that the man had planned to kill her back at the dog pound. 
The woman stayed in bed upstairs for a long time before the old housemaid of the Blackwood family walked in. 
“Mrs. Tabitha, do you know how I got here?” 
“Huh? Didn’t Mr. Blackwood tell you? He told Mr. Hayes to send you back here.” Tabitha still addressed Sebastian as ‘Mr. Hayes.’ However, Sasha was surprised to hear what the former said. 
She paused for a moment. 
Uncle Jackson had told Sebastian to send me back here? 
How can that be? How did he know that something has happened to me? 
Besides, did that man really let me go just because Uncle Jackson said so? Before the accident happened, he didn’t seem to have any intention of letting me go. 
“Did someone tell him about this incident?” 
“Of course, Mr. Matteo called. Only then did Mr. Blackwood go and look for Mr. Hayes. You were still in the hospital then. Both of them talked for a long while before Mr. Hayes agreed to let you go,” Tabitha rambled.
Sasha listened intently and finally knew that it was because of her son and her uncle’s persistence that she got to live on. 
Her nose burned and she felt like crying. 
She was grateful that she still had a family who loved her, especially her uncle. After all, he couldn’t bear to see anything happen to her in the end. 
Sasha was finally in a better mood and she stayed in the Blackwood residence for the rest of the day, even when her aunt’s belittling insults could be heard from downstairs. 
The next day. 
Sasha finally felt better after a night’s rest. So she got up and went downstairs. 
She wondered about how her kids were doing after what happened yesterday. 
Brandon got involved too. Would anything have happened to him? 
Having thought that, Sasha decided to go take a look. 
However, just as she was about to leave, Jackson asked, “What are you doing?” 
“Uncle Jackson, I… I wanted to see how Matt and the others are doing,” she stuttered. 
Unexpectedly, he scolded, “What’s there to see? Go get changed. I’ll bring you to him myself.” 
Sasha was shocked to hear that. 
Really? He’s going to bring me to that man himself? Where did he find the courage to do so? 
Sasha would never have thought of doing something like this no matter what.
Upon seeing that she wasn’t moving, Jackson scolded again, “You useless brat! All you know is to sneak around like a rat. Do you owe him anything? Why are you so afraid of him?” 
Once he was done speaking, he turned and left with a dark expression on his face. 
Sasha was utterly speechless. 
She swallowed and quickly followed after him. 
“Uncle Jackson, you… Wait for me. I’m not afraid of him. It’s just that… What if he doesn’t want to see us if we just went like this?” 
“I dare him!” Jackson spat stubbornly after getting into the car. 
The former kept silent afterward. 
Alright, I’ll just let him have his way for now. When we’re turned down later, I’ll just persuade him to come home. 
That was what she had planned. 
Yet, she didn’t expect what happened next. Upon arriving at a café at a mall, her uncle had given the man a call and the latter actually agreed to come. 
Oh my God! 
Sasha’s eyes widened and wondered if she had heard wrongly. 
“Uncle Jackson, did you… call his number?” 
“Of course. Is there a problem?” Jackson said in disdain as he put down his old flip phone. 
No problem at all.
It’s just weird. 
Twenty minutes later, a familiar black Bentley stopped outside the café and a tall man got down of the car. 
Sasha’s head was still wrapped in white bandages and she couldn’t help but reach up to touch it. 
“Welcome, sir. How many of you?” 
“I’m meeting someone.” 
Sebastian stood at the entrance and noticed the uncle and niece duo after sweeping a glance throughout the café. 
Jackson was calm as he took a sip of his glass of water. His niece, on the other hand, looked rather anxious. 
She felt especially so when she saw Sebastian walking in and her eyes widened. 
At the same time, her fingers that were holding a straw started to quiver. 
Was he really that scary? 
The man walked over, expressionless. 
“Mr. Blackwood, why do you want to see me?” 
“Have a seat. I won’t take too much of your time, Mr. Hayes.” Jackson skillfully changed the topic as he gestured for a waiter to get them another chair. 
Sasha had remained quiet throughout their interaction.
Uncle Jackson’ is looking for trouble! 
Three of them were supposed to meet but he had chosen a table by the window with only two seats on purpose. Is he trying to put on a show of power? 
She didn’t dare to watch it anymore. 
Strangely enough, the man hadn’t lashed out this time. He immediately sat down after the waiter brought the chair. 
###Chapter 350
Chapter 350
“What would you like to drink?” Jackson asked casually. 
“Whatever. Mr. Blackwood, I hope you don’t beat around the bush. Do you intend to claim your niece’s medical fee from me?” The man, who was seated idly with his legs crossed, glanced at Sasha subtly as he opened his mouth abruptly. 
At that very moment, the golden ray of the sunlight cascaded on the man’s striking features, making him look exceptionally attractive. It was as though he was an artist in a movie scene. 
Sasha, who was taking a sip of the lemonade, froze in an instant. 
Medical fee? Hmph! Who has the guts to claim it from him? 
“Of course not, don’t get me wrong. My main aim today is to talk to you about Sasha’s two boys. I wish to remind you that my beloved niece still has her maternal family that can speak up for her. As her uncle, I’m making a query on behalf of her now. Mr. Hayes, about the matter of the boys, have you thought of how to get it resolved?” Jackson replied nonchalantly, placing the cup of coffee served by the waiter right in front of Sebastian. 
Sasha was stunned, and her brain turned into mush. Is he really my Uncle Jackson? It is unbelievable that he is exuding such an imposing vibe! Not to mention, he’s apparently standing up for me now! 
Right that instant, Sasha felt a rush of indecipherable complex emotions in her heart. Within a few seconds, her eyes started to well up with tears. 
“The boys?” Sebastian refuted placidly, “What is there to be resolved? After all, they are my children. Is there anything for me to resolve?” 
Jackson mocked with a smirk. “Mr. Hayes, please bear in mind that the boys are my niece’s children as well. If both of you end up in court for the boys’ custody, the Hayes’ image will surely be tarnished as well. Do you still intend to blow things out of proportion?” 
Sebastian’s face turned grim at once. 
As the saying goes, the older, the wiser. Well-said, Uncle Jackson! Upon hearing Jackson’s words, Sasha’s eyes lit up. Deep down, she gave him a thumbs up blissfully. 
“Do you think that I will let go of my own flesh and blood just because of that?” Sebastian sneered with a glint of ferocity in his penetrating eyes. 
Unable to restrain her frustration, Sasha chimed in, “You are a liar. I know that you don’t want them anymore. If so, what is the point for you to be pretentious that you are a loving father and won’t easily let go of them? You are obviously playing mind games so I can’t have my boys back, aren’t you?” 
“Have you gone nuts? Did I ever say that I don’t want them anymore?” Sebastian fumed. 
“If you really want them, why did you choose to turn a blind eye when Roxanne Rocke abused Matteo? Apart from that, after marrying that insidious woman, you will set up your love nest elsewhere, and even have the heart to leave my two boys at Frontier Bay all by themselves! How dare you still claim that you want them?” At the peak of fury, Sasha reprimanded Sebastian by blurting out her findings obtained in those few days. 
In a blink of an eye, an awkward silence ensued as Sebastian stiffened and gaped at her. 
Hmph! I bet he is finally at a loss for words to deny everything! But why is he looking at me like that, as though I have lost my mind?
So these are the reasons why she is suddenly worked up within these two days? Sebastian snorted. “Who on earth told you that Matteo was abused by Roxanne?” 
“Did I say anything wrong? Matteo was beaten to a pulp till his front tooth was gone! Yet, you are still denying it and backing her up?” Sasha’s heart wrenched, and she was on the brink of tears, imagining how Matteo was enduring his pain at the moment. 
Jackson echoed at once, “Yeah, he came to see me and told me that he was abused by that woman. Do you mean to say that it’s not true?” 
What? Matteo went to see him and told him that he was abused by Roxanne? In a split second, Sebastian gritted his fists as he was boiling with fury. Damn it! That little liar! I must teach him a lesson later! 
“Of course, it’s not true! He had a bad fall earlier. If you don’t believe me, you can go to Frontier Bay and ask Wendy,” he snapped. 
Both Sasha and Jackson were dumbfounded and rendered speechless. In Frontier Bay, anyone would lie to them but Wendy, who treated Sasha lovingly, just like her own family member. 
“By the way, who on earth told you that Roxanne and I have another love nest? I didn’t marry her as well. It’s just an engagement. What’s more, Rose Villa that you heard about earlier is just another property newly purchased by the Rocke family. What does that have to do with me?” he scoffed and stared at Sasha coldly. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. It was as if she had dug a hole and buried herself. The next moment, her dainty face was flushed red. She looked away hastily to avoid having any eye contact with the man. 
He even mentions right away that I have heard about “Rose Villa” that day! Could it be he was completely aware when I sneaked into Frontier Bay that day? My goodness! This is embarrassing!
It never occurred to Jackson that there would be such a twist. He was regretful of making up his mind earlier to stand up for Sasha. Damn it! See how I end up humiliating myself by barking up the wrong tree! 
“Alright, I’m relieved that it’s just a misunderstanding. Mr. Hayes, I hope you understand that we don’t have any bad intentions. We tend to overreact because we are concerned about the two boys.” Jackson had to tamp down his rising fury and apologized sincerely. 
Sebastian smiled and glanced at Sasha, whose head was lowered all the time. “Of course, I will take great care of my own children. You don’t have to doubt that.” 
###Chapter 351
Chapter 351
Sebastian had apparently given a firm reassurance. Nonetheless, Sasha looked up abruptly and blurted out, “What if you have other children in the future?” 
“What?” Sebastian raised his brows and asked quizzically. 
“Let me put it this way. Since you are now engaged to Ms. Rocke, you will surely get married and have other children with her. By then, what are you going to do with the two boys?” Jackson explained on behalf of Sasha. 
At the instant, Sebastian’s subtle smile widened. “I will not have any more children.” 
Sasha and Jackson gaped at him. Is there something wrong with our ears? I can’t believe that he has just said that! 
Even so, Sasha was over the moon the moment she heard Sebastian’s words. It seemed everything bugging her all this while was gone within seconds. 
“Sasha Wand, look at what you have done!” Once they were back from the cafe, Jackson lashed out at Sasha. 
Sasha held her tongue and did not dare to retort. Standing in front of Jackson obediently, she chose to zip her mouth. Other than that, she dared not refute that Jackson was the one who let her come back and showed her Matteo’s photo, telling her that he was abused by Roxanne. 
No matter what, I mustn’t blurt out any words on that. If not, Uncle Jackson surely won’t allow me to step into this house again once he is infuriated!
Thus, she could only face the music as Jackson vented his anger by reprimanding her. 
After quite a while, he finally cooled his head off and advised, “Since it’s a blunder, just give in to him and don’t fight for the boys’ custody anymore. After all, you will never be able to defeat him.” 
“Alright, Uncle Jackson.” Sasha nodded obediently. 
“What are you planning to do after this? If I’m not mistaken, you have bought the Wand residence?” Jackson asked her with great concern. 
“Yeah, I was supposed to sign the sales and purchase agreement a few days earlier. Nevertheless, it is on hold due to the issue of my two boys. Since there’s nothing to worry about them anymore, I will proceed to get the related procedures done. O-other than that, I’m thinking of buying a new house for you,” Sasha told Jackson everything about her following plans and stammered as she mentioned about getting them a new residence. In fact, she had been thinking of buying them a new house long ago. 
Even so, Sharon stepped in right after she brought up the topic. 
“Buying us a new house? Forget about it! We don’t need your money! Stop shedding crocodile tears! Jackson Blackwood, you’d better put an end to this. If I ever hear you crossing paths with her again, don’t blame me for divorcing you!” She stormed out and slammed the door behind her. 
Sasha and Jackson could not utter any words for quite a while. Needless to say, Jackson knew that their daughter’s death was the reason that led to Sharon’s bellow of anger. Even though it was proven that the Hayes had nothing to do with her death, they were still in vain in tracing the real culprit. Since then, Sharon bore a grudge against Sasha, claiming that she had indirectly caused the loss of her beloved daughter. 
Huh! That’s why she can’t stop dwelling on the past and won’t accept Sasha. Jackson turned to look at the girl standing behind him with her head lowered. At the sight of Sasha’s tears which were trickling
down her cheeks, he could only grit and get a grip of himself by saying, “Don’t mention anything about buying a house for us anymore. Just go ahead and settle your matter; then, get back to your place earlier.” 
The next moment, he left in his wheelchair without sparing another glance at Sasha. 
Sasha looked up and gazed at Jackson sorrowfully with her teary eyes until his figure was out of sight. She could barely breathe as she was overcome by another wave of indecipherable mixed emotions. 
I knew it! They won’t easily forgive me. Thus, I must find out who’s the murderer! Why did he kill Xenia out of a sudden? How did Xenia and Xandra get involved with each other? They didn’t know each other before that, did they? 
There was still another doubt which kept Sasha wondering all this while. Since Xenia had feelings for Sebastian, why was she willing to take the risk to steal my manuscripts and letters just to fulfill Xandra’s wish. Why? 
Sasha’s gut instinct told her that there must be an unveiled secret behind all these. 
In the afternoon, Sasha still headed for the Wand residence in Old Town. 
Throughout those few years, Avenport had been developing significantly, and the local authorities were focusing on setting up New Town. Subsequently, Old Town was more like a deserted area at the moment. 
When Sasha took a cab there, the driver was flabbergasted. He could not resist but double confirm with her. “Miss, are you sure you are heading for this area? It’s basically unoccupied now after most people nearby moved out one by one.”
“Yeah, I need to settle something over there,” Sasha replied indifferently. How can I not go over there? Even though the Wand family had a downfall, it will always be her home. 
When the taxi came to a halt near the Wand residence, a middle-aged man standing outside the residence advanced toward her at once. He had probably guessed that she was from the Wand family based on an unmissable vibe of dignity that she was exuding. “Are you Ms. Wand? I’m Bryan Xander, who has made an appointment with you earlier.” 
Sasha nodded as she gazed at the house behind him. Even though it was not comparable to the Hayes Residence, it was still the place where she grew up all those years, and she still liked it a lot. 
###Chapter 352
Chapter 352
Sasha signed the sales and purchase agreement for Wand residence with Bryan without a second thought. According to him, he was initially thinking of transforming the Wand residence into a commercial building when he bid for it during an auction. Nevertheless, he changed his mind as the local authority was focusing on the development of New Town lately. Thus, nothing was done to the residence ever since it was under his possession. 
As for Sasha, it was a blessing that nothing was done to the house. She shuddered as she pushed open the door and entered eagerly. At that very moment, she was overcome by a wave of inexplicit emotions as that was the first time since she last stepped into it seven years ago. 
As expected, there was not the slightest bit of change to everything in the house and the yard. Even the furniture looked exactly like the way they were when she left seven years ago. The only difference was there was dust everywhere at the moment. 
Sasha walked around sorrowfully. She scanned every corner of the ground floor before she went upstairs to have a look at her parents’ room. After that, she went to her own room and Xenia’s room which was next to hers. 
Xenia? She pondered for a while before she pushed open the door and entered Xenia’s room instinctively. 
Xenia’s room was about the same size as hers. When her parents brought Xenia back to stay with them in the house many years ago, they treated her exactly like their own daughter. They catered to her needs well by giving her everything owned by Sasha as well. 
Other than the dust, the room was exceptionally messy. There were piles of things on the small couch and bed. Besides, it was a total mess on the desk as well. It seemed that Xenia had never tidied up her
room all the while. 
Sasha could only tiptoe into the room and roughly looked around. To her surprise, something among the piles on the desk caught her eye. She found a diary with a lock underneath the piles of books. 
“What is this?” she mumbled in bafflement as she pulled it out. It was the type of diary that was very popular during her high school days and was well-liked by most young girls in those days. 
Furthermore, it was a trend for them to jot down their daily thoughts and secrets in their diaries. 
What had Xenia recorded in it? Prevailed over by her curiosity, she unlocked the diary effortlessly with a pin. The next moment, she was astonished at the lines that came into view. 
17th March, usual place, Sasha’s second volume of manuscript. 
25th March, usual place, Sasha’s third volume of manuscript. 
2nd April, usual place, Sasha’s fourth volume of manuscript. 
What does she mean? Why did she have a record of all my manuscripts in this diary? What on earth was she trying to do then? 
Sasha’s hands trembled in agitation as she flipped till the last page of the diary. To her astonishment, the whole diary was mainly recording about her manuscript! Xenia even listed the relevant titles of Sasha’s books from time to time. Other than that, the record was made consistently weekly, and there was the term “usual place” in every line. 
Where is this “usual place”? What did she mean by that? Did she send my manuscripts there? What was her intention to do so? Was there anyone waiting for her at the so-called “usual place”? So had she
started to steal my manuscripts since then? Who did she intend to send my manuscripts to? Was it Xandra? All sorts of questions began to flood her mind. 
No, it’s impossible! I was not even married to Sebastian at that time. Apart from that, she was still staying under the same roof with us here. How could she do that to me? 
Sasha was preoccupied with a series of questions; her mind turned mushy. Fortunately, after flipping through the diary again, she managed to spot a phone number on the front cover. It was as if Xenia had purposively jotted down the phone number on it, so it was not easily traceable by anyone. Somehow, it was fated for Sasha to spot it. 
Sasha whipped out her phone at once and dialed the number spontaneously. 
“Hello, this is Blue Enchantress, do you need any room reservations?” Sasha was stunned when the languorous voice sounded from the other end of the line. 
Blue Enchantress? What’s this place? Room reservation? Is it a hotel? 
“Hello, anyone there? If you are interested, please make your reservation earlier. If not, all the rooms will be fully booked by tonight.” The woman on the other end of the line started to sound impatient and was almost hanging up. 
Sasha finally came to her senses and asked hastily, “Excuse me, is this a hotel?” 
“Hotel? It’s a nightclub! How ridiculous! Pfft! A prank call! Wasting my time!” The woman on the other end of the line hung up at once. 
Sasha was dumbfounded again. My goodness! This is a nightclub? Xenia started visiting a nightclub even when she was barely eighteen years old at that time? She’s really daring! I wonder who’s the
person she dealt with at the nightclub. It couldn’t be she was selling off my manuscripts there. It doesn’t make sense that anyone at the nightclub would be interested in my manuscripts! 
Even so, Sasha made up her mind to drop by Blue Enchantress at night. At the same time, she came across a real blue rose that was drawn in the diary. 
On the other hand, when Roxanne knew that Sasha was released, it was already nighttime. As she was on bad terms with the two boys lately, her mother suggested sending desserts to Frontier Bay more frequently so she could win their hearts. Needless to say, her mother was the one who made the desserts. 
Upon entering Frontier Bay, she spotted the two boys whispering to each other in the garden. 
###Chapter 353
Chapter 353
“Has Daddy agreed to let Mommy leave?” 
“Yeah, I called Granduncle Jackson about that earlier. After that, he went to the hospital to look for Daddy and requested to bring Mommy home.” Matteo’s voice could be heard. 
Ian heaved a sigh of relief. It’s our fault this round. If not because our plot turned into a failure, Mommy wouldn’t have had to endure so much. Thus, we must ensure that she is safe and sound now! 
“Do you think Daddy will put Mommy in a tight spot again?” Ian asked with a worried look. 
“I don’t think so. This morning, Granduncle Jackson brought Mommy out to meet up with Daddy in a cafe. She was apparently having a good mood when she stepped out of the cafe just now.” Matteo described to Ian what he had seen a while ago when he was trailing behind them. 
Right that instant, Roxanne, who was eavesdropping on their conversation, tightened her grip on the food container in her hands. 
She’s having a good mood? Sebastian, so this is the way you get the matter resolved, huh? That woman not only slandered me out of the blue but also bashed me up with her friend! Yet, you just easily let her off without taking any actions? A wave of fury started to surge from within Roxanne. 
“Ah! Ms. Rocke, you are here! Why are you standing over there? Please come in at once!” Coincidentally, Wendy happened to see her standing outside the villa and doubted why she did not enter. Apart from that, there was a grim look on her face. 
Stifling the simmering anger within her, Roxanne asked, “Has Mr. Hayes reached home?”
Wendy shook her head as she replied courteously, “Not yet. Most probably, he won’t be back for dinner tonight. He had just given both Mr. Ian and Mr. Matteo a call a while ago.” 
In a split second, Roxanne’s face turned grimmer. He’s not coming back for dinner? Is it something to do with the matter in the office? 
Roxanne made up her mind to drop by Sebastian’s office to take a look, as she intended to verify if there was something awry with her hypnosis. 
Meanwhile, by the time Sasha reached Blue Enchantress, it was almost eight at night. 
It was more like a small-scale nightclub located at the meeting point of Old Town and New Town. In other words, it was not the type of nightclub which would be patronized by those from the prestigious families of the upper-class society. 
“Miss, how many of you?” The moment Sasha stepped into the nightclub, she was greeted by a scantily dressed waitress. 
Nevertheless, she was apparently being pretentious by asking Sasha in a businesslike tone. Sasha could even sense that the waitress was scanning her from head to toe in bewilderment. 
Well, I can’t blame her for staring at me like that. After all, it is really unusual for a woman to come here by all by herself. Without hesitation, Sasha straight to the point by whipping out a blue rose and asked, “Excuse me, do you have this here?” 
“Ah! You are Mr. Hayes’s friend! This way please!” Miraculously, there was an unexpected twist in the waitress’ demeanor. The next moment, she sashayed and led Sasha into the nightclub. 
Mr. Hayes？ Which one? Is Hayes a common family name here? Oh no! It can’t be that man! Sasha’s eyes twitched uncontrollably as her heart skipped a beat.
Within seconds, her sixth sense told her that it was beyond the possibility. Such an assertive and omnipotent man can’t be a patron here! 
Sasha was relieved and followed the waitress upstairs. She was led to a room on the first floor. There was a gilded blue rose on the room number pasted on the door. Once the door was flung open, a sleek- haired and good-looking young man seated with his legs crossed came into sight. Her sixth sense was proven right, as it turned out to be a different Mr. Hayes. 
At the moment, he was flirting frivolously with a few scantily dressed women surrounding him. 
Who is this? Have I seen him anywhere? As he was chain-smoking, it was as though he was shrouded by a mysterious mist in the dim room. Hence, Sasha could not make out his feature at once. Even though she could roughly sense a hint of inexplicit familiarity in the man, she was convinced that he was not Sebastian. 
“Mr. Hayes, I have brought your friend here. Here she is.” The waitress put on a fawning smile and said coyly to him. 
Friend? There was a puzzled look on the young man’s face. He lifted up his head and glanced at Sasha spontaneously. 
When Sasha and the man exchanged gazes, both of them froze simultaneously. 
“Robert? It’s you!” Sasha called out his name first and her eyes widened in disbelief. 
The man turned out to be Robert, Roderick’s son. He was a typical type of a good-for-nothing playboy who was also a spendthrift. 
So he is the so-called Mr. Hayes! Does it mean that Xenia was keeping in touch with him previously?
It makes sense if he’s the one. After all, Roderick is plotting to seize the inheritance right of the Hayes family for him, isn’t he? 
She presumed that he had been manipulating long ago by assigning Xenia to steal her manuscripts. After that, Xandra was instructed by him to disguise herself as the author of the manuscripts and approached Sebastian with a fake identity. He could be the mastermind so he could acquire Hayes Corporation secretively step by step. 
Sasha was worked up instantaneously at the thought. She glared at the man with clenched fists. 
Robert stood up immediately and shoved the women who were clinging to him aside. “Oh! It’s you, Sasha! Long time no see. What brings you here?” he grinned gleefully in an exaggerative way. 
Sasha remained silent as she was repulsed by the way Robert addressed her intimately. She did not really know him well. After marrying Sebastian years ago, she seldom moved around freely in the Hayes residence, knowing that she was not well-liked by his family members. Thus, she seldom bumped into him during those days; hence, it was a little unusual to be addressed by him in such an affectionate way. 
Suppressing the great displeasure within herself, she asked, “You are the so-called Mr. Hayes here?” 
###Chapter 354
Chapter 354
Robert shrugged his shoulder. “Yes. What’s up? Do you come just to see me today?” 
He still showed his old goofy stance while his extremely fair face assembled his father, Roderick. 
She had almost forgotten that his father died in Sebastian’s hands. 
Plus, it was caused by none other than her two sons. 
With that in mind, Sasha instinctively took a few steps backward. 
“No… I’m just stopping by.” At that moment, she suddenly realized that speaking the truth might not work in her favor. 
She just wanted to confirm her prediction by coming here. 
At this point, she figured it was best for her to act cautious. 
With that, Sasha waited for a timing to leave the scene. 
However, Robert seemed to have read her mind. As she was slowly approaching the door, the former stepped towards it and shut it up abruptly. 
At that moment, Sasha was rendered speechless. 
“You look a bit nervous. What’s wrong? Has it been too long since we last met?” 
“No, it’s not that…”
“Then why are you retreating? Are you scared of me?” 
Right then, the smile on his face had vanished. Stepping slowly towards Sasha, his eyes looked like a hungry snake waiting to attack. 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat, while she continued to retreat one more step. 
“No. I said I just stop by randomly. I didn’t know you’ll be here.” 
“Sasha, it has been so many years, but you still s*ck in lying. Whenever you lie, your ears will become red and your eyes will look everywhere. You’ve not changed at all.” 
“You…” 
“And you say you are not here to find me. Then, what’s with the flower in your hand?” 
Never did she expect that this man could read through her lie so easily. 
What petrified Sasha the most was the he was staring at her flower. 
It made her heart fell with a thud. 
If he was Xenia’s man, he would know that she was investigating him. 
If that was so, there is no way he would let her go free. 
I don’t want to die here! 
“No… Robert. Listen to me. I’m here not to see you but your cousin. I picked up this flower outside just now.” 
Thinking on her feet, she could only bring up Sebastian eventually.
As for the flower, she failed to think of a better excuse. 
However, to her delight, Robert seemed to stop pressing her. 
Nevertheless, his expression suddenly turned peculiar, as his lips curled into a rather sensual smile. 
“It’s been so long since I last heard you calling my name.” 
Utterly disgusted, Sasha felt a chill in her back. 
“Honestly, I kinda miss that. You say you come to find Sebastian. Will he usually come here? Could you at least come up with a more reasonable excuse?” 
Sasha was lost for words. 
Seeing herself unable to talk herself out of the situation, she felt the potential danger engulfing her. 
“Tell me. Why exactly are you here? Did anyone send you? And why are you holding this blue enchantress?” His eyes shifted towards her flower once again. 
In that instance, Sasha’s hand that was holding the flower trembled incessantly. 
A few seconds later, she denied again, “I’ve told you. I just stop by randomly.” 
“Are you for real? Sasha, who’re you trying to fool? Do you know why there is this blue enchantress in front of the door? It’s because that’s how I contact my pawns. If they need to find me, they need to bring a blue enchantress and come here. So tell me again. Are you really just stopping by?” 
In that instant, Robert’s expression had turned entirely hostile and murderous. 
Sasha paled in fright upon seeing his face.
“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about. If there’s nothing, I am leaving now. Sebastian is still waiting for me.” Sasha lifted her feet and started to walk out. 
With that, Robert totally lost his patience. 
Before Sasha could react, Robert grabbed her arm forcefully and stared ferociously into her eyes. 
“Do you think I will let you go? Did Xenia give you a clue? And what took you such a long time to find here?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in awe as she had never expected that he would mention that name. 
So I was right! He is the culprit behind Xenia’s back. 
Beyond exasperated by that truth, her chest heaved up and down as she tried to suppress her rage. At that instant, she had forgotten all her fear. 
###Chapter 355
Chapter 355
“So it’s you! Why did you do that? Did you kill Xenia?” 
“So, you finally admit it.” 
Robert was delighted with Sasha’s reaction while he responded to her questions composedly. 
“Are you asking me why I did it? Sebastian killed my dad. So why can’t I go after him?” 
“…” 
“As for Xenia, what’s the point of keeping a useless pawn?” 
“You rascal…” 
Losing her mind, Sasha threw a slap towards Robert. 
However, her hand was stopped effortlessly by Robert. With that, he gripped her hand forcefully, making her unable to move an inch. 
“Calm down please. By the way, you should be thanking me.” 
“What’re you saying?” 
“Don’t you know? The Wand family went bankrupt all because of Xenia. She was the one who reported to the police about your father’s illegal business, which resulted in your family’s bankruptcy and your mother’s suicide.” 
Gripping her arm tightly, Robert spat out a shocking secret.
Upon hearing that, Sasha was left in awe. 
Xenia would never do that. The Wand family has been so kind to her. Why would she do that? Even if she were jealous of me, she wouldn’t have gotten this far. She was just eighteen at that time. 
“Bullsh*t! That’s impossible!” 
Right then, Robert let out a cold smile. “What’s impossible? Are you a fool? You have been played by Xenia all this while. First, marrying into the Hayes family was a mistake. By bringing down the Wand family, Frederick wouldn’t want you as his daughter-in-law. That sounded like a pretty good reason.” 
“…” 
“But she miscalculated in the end. Even after your family went bankrupt, that old man still let his son marry you. That was why she worked with me out of desperation.” 
The news was a bolt out of the blue for Sasha. 
Sasha was at a loss until she almost fainted. 
Why did it turn out like this? How could she be so heartless? Has our family done anything wrong to her? 
Closing her eyes despondently, tears began rolling down her cheeks. 
Upon seeing that, Robert added, “There’s no need to cry. Didn’t I take revenge for you already? Her body almost became a meatball in that car crash.” 
He spoke as if he was boasting an achievement. Upon saying that, he used his finger to pick up a tear from Sasha’s face and put it into his mouth. 
Sasha felt goosebumps all over instantly and was all disgusted.
“Let go of me! You’re a freak. You’re a monster just like her!” Sasha started struggling recklessly. 
Robert was initially patient, but he got pissed by Sasha’s disrespectful name-calling. 
Bang! 
“Argh!” 
Sasha let out a painful scream after her head was knocked into the wall abruptly. With that, her body fell weakly onto the floor. 
“Are you calling me a monster? I’ve helped you avenge her. If I’m truly a monster, I would’ve killed everyone, including you.” 
Robert’s face turned utterly hideous and distorted. Before Sasha could regain her senses on the floor, he forcefully held her up again. 
Sasha let out another shriek. 
At that moment, Robert’s subordinates, who were at the scene, were petrified. Discretely, they tried to leave the spot without Robert noticing. 
Little did they know that Robert was such an inhuman maniac that no one would be able to escape from his wrath once he lost it. 
“Are you guys leaving? Did I say that you can leave?” 
“Mr. Hayes… we…” 
“Stay here and take a good look. Do you know who this woman is?” Just then, he grabbed Sasha’s hair mercilessly and forced her to face the crowd.
All the female workers were trembling incessantly until they could barely stand up straight. 
Nonetheless, they had no choice but to respond politely, “Mr. Hayes… who is she?” 
Robert let out a boisterous laugh. “She is my beloved sister-in-law. She is the wife of the most respectable man in this city, Sebastian, the president of the Hayes Corporation!” 
Oh my goodness! 
All the staff was left in complete bewilderment by that. 
Is she really the wife of Mr. Hayes? How could that be? She looks so plain and ordinary! 
Everyone seemed unwilling to believe that, as it was customary for any woman to be jealous of a woman with such a high social status. 
However, they knew Robert may be a crazy man, but he was not particularly a liar. 
With that, everyone gasped in envy and resentment. 
Sasha was sweating all over as the pain was killing her. Yet, her eyes were still staring at Robert unyieldingly. 
###Chapter 356
Chapter 356
“Since you know that I’m his wife, then you’d better not touch me or he won’t let you off easily!” 
Overwhelmed with desperation, Sasha eventually used Sebastian’s name as her last resort. 
Never in a million years would she expect this outcome. 
She had always thought that Xenia’s partner would be some stranger. Thus, she just needed to stop by and see who the culprit was. To her startle, the man turned out to be Robert. 
Robert would definitely not spare her life after she found out about his secret. 
Even if she did not find out about his secret, Roderick’s death alone would be sufficient to make Robert want to kill her. 
Never in her life had she been wanting to see Sebastian. 
However, what made her heart fall with a thud, was that Robert did not seem bothered about Sebastian. 
“Is it? Great. I want to meet him too. I’ve not settled the score with him yet after he killed my Dad. Since you’re in my hand now, it’s a good opportunity for me to meet him.” 
As soon as he finished his sentence, he pulled Sasha’s hair backward strongly. 
“Mmm…” 
Sasha moaned in pain and tried hard to collect herself.
The next moment, Robert leaned close to her face and provoked, “However, there’s no guarantee he will show up. I heard he has married Trevor’s girl. I don’t think he cares about you anymore.” 
“You…” 
As much as her physical pain, Sasha felt that those words were just like a knife stabbing through her heart. 
Not only did Robert torture her physically, he knew how to pick on the most extensive wound in her. 
Pissed by the insult, Sasha decided to fight back. Enduring the pain in her head, she tried to reach the silver needle hidden on her with her another freehand. 
However, Robert seemed able to predict her move. 
Before her hand could move an inch, Robert had grabbed it tightly. 
“Don’t move. You should know that I dislike women who are disobedient. Even though you’re my sister- in-law, I won’t have mercy on you if you disobey me.” 
Right then, Robert gripped both her hands around her back, forcing her to face him at an extremely close distance. 
“What do you want to do? Let go of me!” 
“I’m not doing anything. But to be frank, you look so sexy. Your skin is still so smooth even after giving birth. I bet you must have lived a really good life.” 
While he was speaking, his eyes locked onto Sasha’s seductive breasts which was half exposed. 
Due to her intensive struggle with Robert, her clothes had gotten half torn, displaying most of her bodyline. Staring at that, Robert’s eyes turned extraordinarily lustful!
As a matter of fact, he had always fantasized about Sasha when she first got married into the Hayes family. 
“Let me go, you perv*rt!” 
Sasha’s eyes had welled up with tears, as she had never experienced such humiliation her entire life. 
At the same time, all the females in the room were at a loss. 
That’s his sister-in-law. He won’t do it, right? 
All of them underestimated Robert’s shamelessness. After all, after the famous engagement a few days back, Robert knew the woman in front of him had nothing to do with his cousin anymore. 
Maybe that was why he dared to behave wildly. 
Seconds later, Robert lifted his hand and started unbuttoning Sasha’s clothes. 
Beyond desperation, Sasha bit her lips helplessly. 
Thump! 
At that split second, the door was suddenly kicked open by someone. 
Robert halted his act, turning his head around. Before he could figure out who it was, something was thrown towards him at a swift speed. 
Bang! 
There was a loud glass breaking sound, and instantly fresh blood could be seen splattered. In that instant, everyone in the room panicked and started screaming.
This is way too horrifying! Who’s that? How dare he attack Mr. Hayes like that? 
Then, a handsome but hostile-looking man entered the room, everyone was stunned momentarily. From his simple elegant suit to the branded watch on his wrist, every detail on this man showed that he was a man of the highest social status. 
Slowly, he walked towards Robert, Sebastian’s face was devoid of expression like the Grim Reaper. 
Recoiled in fear, Robert covered his bleeding head nervously. “Sebastian, what’re you doing? Don’t make me kill her now!” 
With one hand still grabbing Sasha, Robert used his other hand and locked her neck quickly. 
In an instance, Sasha’s face turned a shade of deep purple. 
###Chapter 357
Chapter 357
He really has a death wish! 
No one noticed how Sebastian did it, but a chair was cast right into Robert’s head in a blink of the eye. 
With a loud bang, Robert collapsed to the ground together with the chair. 
D*mn! This is brutal! He’s way more violent that our boss! 
Everyone’s jaw dropped at the sight of that. 
However, the worst was yet to come. Right after throwing the chair, Sebastian randomly picked up a knife from the fruit plate on the desk. 
With that, he started cutting down Robert’s fingers one by one. 
“Ahhh-Aargghhhh!!” 
Upon seeing that, everyone started screaming with their hands over their heads. 
They had always thought that no one would be more brutal than Robert, but they could not be more wrong. 
Even Sasha froze in fear witnessing such brutality. 
However, it was not her first time seeing Sebastian’s inhumanity. The last time was five years ago when she saw Sebastian kill a dog. 
Overwhelmed with terror, she failed to avoid the blood that splatted towards her direction.
After a short while, all Robert’s fingers were cut, as he was wriggling in extreme pain on the floor. 
However, Sebastian did not seem to stop at all. Picking up the chair that he had just thrown, he smashed it right down onto Robert’s head. 
“Stop beating me… I’ll die if you don’t stop…” 
“That’s my intention.” 
A second later, Sebastian picked up another wine bottle. 
Robert had never seen Sebastian with such an expression. The latter looked like an emotionless robot, programmed to throw anything he could lay his hand on. 
It looked like he would not stop until he ended his life. 
What if he kills him? What will the Hayes family think? When he killed Roderick, the Hayes were offended, and they almost brought it up at the board of directors. If he kills Robert today, what will happen then? After all, the rumors about his illness have not yet faded. 
As Sasha finally cleared her thoughts, she saw Sebastian holding a knife and trying to cut Robert’s throat. 
Panicking, she stood up with all her might and jumped towards Sebastian, hugging him tightly. 
“That’s enough, Sebastian! Stop beating him!” 
“Screw off!” 
He had clearly lost his mind completely, with his both eyes turned red with hostility.
Is it because he saw Robert molesting me? Maybe not. Based on our relationship, I don’t think I’m that important to him. I guess he holds a deep grudge against this pair of father and son. 
Sasha still did not let go of him. “Sebastian, listen to me. Even if you want him dead, you don’t have to do it yourself. Your hands might get dirty.” 
With her eyes brimming with unstoppable tears, Sasha was hugging Sebastian’s muscular back from behind. 
Feeling that familiar body warmth and heartbeat, Sasha finally lost control and started bawling her eyes out. 
Instantly, Sebastian’s back got wet from her tears. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian’s body finally stop moving. 
His bloodshot eyes and his maniacal expression made him look like he came straight from hell. 
While his face was half-covered with blood spilled from Robert, he looked like a savage carnivore. 
With the warmth of tears at his back, all his hatred and vengeance started to melt away. 
Clang! 
Eventually, he threw away the knife in his hand. 
Everyone in the room let out a long sigh of relief while Robert had lost consciousness. 
A few moments later, Karl entered the room and saw that scene. Without hesitation, he ordered his men to carry Robert who was in terrible shape out of the room. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you okay?”
After settling Robert, he walked over to check on Sebastian as he noticed something unusual about the latter. 
Only then did Sasha come back to the sense of reality as she immediately let go of Sebastian and took a step away from him. 
“Mmmm…” 
Enduring the pain throughout her body, she did not dare to make a sound. 
What was I doing? Am I crazy? 
Sasha lowered her head, unable to accept her behavior towards Sebastian. 
Karl intended to care about Sebastian, but he noticed something off his complexion. 
He was all friendly just now. But now, he looks as though the whole world is against him. 
With that, Karl changed his mind and reported, “Mr. Hayes, if there’s nothing else, I’ll bring Robert back. Don’t worry. I’ll make sure he never left the Hayes Residence alive.” 
Upon saying that, Karl left the scene along with his men and Robert. 
He could read me well. 
###Chapter 358
Chapter 358
As soon as Karl left, all the women scurried away too, leaving behind Sasha and Sebastian in that messy private room. 
Sasha wanted to leave as well, but was held back by her aching body. 
Both her head and hands felt like they were going to break. She was determined not to show her disheveled side in front of that man. 
Hence, she sat there waiting. 
“Why are you still here? Reminiscing the good times?” The annoyed Sebastian threw her a question while wiping the blood off his hand. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
Just as I’ve predicted, it’s impossible that he came to save me. Look at how cold and impatient he is right now! He has no slightest concern for me. 
A moment later, Sasha nodded while lowering her head. “Yup, I’m about to leave.” 
Then, Sasha decided to bite the bullet, straighten her back, and walk out as if she was perfectly fine. 
Before she could move a muscle, that man came over after cleaning his blood-stained hands. Grimaced, he bent down in front of her. 
Oh my goodness! 
His action came like a bolt from the blue.
Sasha froze for five seconds before blurting out a stupid question, “What… What are you doing?” 
“What do you think? You want me to carry you bridal style? Dream on, Sasha!” he said harshly. 
Sebastian had a horrifying look on his face as he assumed that Sasha wanted him to carry her like a princess instead of piggybacking her. 
Gobsmacked, Sasha’s eyes went wide with shock. 
No, I wasn’t asking for more. The fact that he wants to carry me on his back is crazy enough. 
Blushed, she quickly explained herself, “No, I didn’t mean that, I…” 
“Hurry up and get up. I don’t have so much time to waste on you. You won’t even make it to my priority list if not for the two children.” 
His words made her heart sank. She had completely lost her last shred of dignity. 
With that, she got up on his back with ease. 
After all, he has clarified that he’s doing this for the sake of the children. 
In the end, that was how Sasha managed to leave the place. His last sentence impacted her in a way that she had totally let her guard down. 
As they walked, they started chatting. 
“Why did you come here out of the blue?” 
“Why can’t I be here?” 
“What a coincidence! You don’t look like someone who would appear in this kind of place.”
Lying on that man’s back, Sasha recalled how touched she was when he kicked the door open and rescued her in the nick of time. 
Her eyes welled up. 
Regardless of his intention, I’m grateful for what he’s done for me. 
Sebastian had been staring at their overlapping shadows. Though the lights were dim, their elongated shadows were very clear. 
While lowering his head, he could also see the little head behind his back poking out from his shoulder to take a peek at him. 
“I was monitoring Robert. He’s involved in human trafficking recently.” 
“Huh?” Sasha gasped in disbelief. 
“Human… trafficking?” 
“Yeah. When I heard that you’re his target tonight, I knew I had to come over. Sasha, I don’t want my sons to know that their mother was sold right under my nose!” 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Right then, it dawned on her that something about him had never changed although he had lost his memory. He was still the same person who would not hesitate to seize every opportunity to diss her. 
Just like that, the two incompatible individuals walked out of the alley together and arrived at Sebastian’s black Bentley. 
At that time, Sasha was slowly dozing off.
She did not get much rest during the day and became exhausted after being tortured by Robert for an entire evening. 
When Sebastian put her down on the car seat, she crawled in immediately and snuggled up. Within a heartbeat, she fell asleep on her stomach like a cat. 
“Send me… to the hotel…” 
He vaguely heard her muttering those words. 
Frowning, he looked in the rearview mirror. 
To the hotel? Why? Isn’t she staying at the Blackwood residence? 
He wanted to wake her up so badly to ask her about it, but gave up after hearing her deep breathing sound. Subsequently, he ignited the engine. 
What’s the Blackwood family up to? 
On the other hand, Roxanne could not get in touch with Sebastian that night. 
Luke informed her that the latter might be engaged in an urgent meeting with a client. He assured her not to worry about Sebastian and that she should return to Frontier Bay to wait for him. 
Shortly after Roxanne had reached home, she received a photo. It had nicely captured the image of a man carrying a woman on his back, walking through an alley. 
What a beautiful scene! 
###Chapter 359
Chapter 359
It was a silent night without anyone around. The atmosphere and congenial environment made the two stand out in the picture, in an intimate way. 
As the gentle breeze lifted the hem of the woman’s skirt, the man instantly held it down for fear of being seen by others. 
How close are they for him to make such a move? 
Roxanne almost smashed her phone into pieces. 
No, this can’t be! 
How could the hypnosis go wrong? I’m a well-known psychology prodigy in the country as well as internationally. How could a little hypnotism possibly fail? 
Infuriated, she grabbed her handbag and left the residence. 
On her way out, she ran into her mother. “Where are you going at this hour, Roxanne?” 
“Leave me alone!” she replied rudely. 
Then, she sped off. 
What she did not know was that a black BMW was lurking in the dark nearby, waiting for her appearance. 
When she was seen leaving the house, the man inside the BMW took out his phone and reported, “Hello, Boss, she has set off.”
“I see. She should be on her way to see Sebastian. If I’m not wrong, this woman will definitely make another move once she starts doubting her own medical skills.” 
“So, what you’re saying is that… she will hypnotize Sebastian again?” 
“That’s possible. No matter what, she will surely check if he has recovered from amnesia. You can easily launch your attack then,” the man reminded him in a sinister manner over the phone. 
Upon hearing that, the man in the BMW stared at the gun in his hand and fell into a deep thought. 
Why is he doing all these? He actually did not quite understand the plan. 
This gun and its bullets are meant to kill people. Why does this boss want to go through so much trouble instead of loading it now and get rid of the person once and for all? Conversely, he’s asking me to pull the trigger only when Sebastian’s fiancée is hypnotizing him. 
What on earth is going on? 
With a mixed emotion, he kept his gun. 
“Oh by the way, Boss, I don’t think Robert can hold on any longer. Should we save him?” 
“Whatever for? He has accomplished his mission. Retiring from the plot is the best ending to us all. Just focus on your task and I won’t let you lose out on your reward.” 
He did not expect to hear such a determined response about Robert. 
Retiring from the plot? 
The best ending for Robert is to be beaten to death? 
The man in the BMW broke out in cold sweats at the thought of it.
Robert is one of the Hayes too, isn’t he? 
Meanwhile, it was already midnight when Sebastian got home. 
Supposedly, the two children and their housemaids should have been fast asleep with all lights switched off at that time. 
However, the living room was still brightly lit. 
“Roxanne? Why are you still here?” 
He was astonished to see that woman sitting on his couch, watching television at an ungodly hour. 
Roxanne had never spent the night at his villa because the kids would not allow it. 
In order to respect their opinions, he had never let her stay overnight. 
Therefore, Roxanne would always return home no matter how late it was. 
What’s up with her tonight? 
After changing into his slippers, Sebastian strode across the room with his car key. 
Calm and composed, Roxanne quietly examined him from head to toe. 
Her gaze did not leave his body at all. 
She realized that he did not bring home his laptop. 
He reeked of blood and there was also a faint scent lingering around him. Many thoughts ran across her mind, making her enraged. “Where did you go? Why are you back this late?”
“What?” 
Displeased at how she was interrogating him, Sebastian’s expression turned grim. 
“Work issue. Why? What’s the matter?” he said indifferently. He initially wanted to walk toward her, but switched his direction and headed to the dining room. 
Upset, Roxanne could no longer control her anger. 
Jumping up from the couch, she darted across the room and bombarded him with more questions, “Did you go and see that woman? You didn’t suffer from a memory loss, did you?” 
“What are you talking about? What memory loss?” 
“Don’t try to act in front of me, Sebastian! I know that you didn’t fall for my hypnosis, right? You’re still keeping all of your memories about her. You’ve never forgotten about her. Is that so?” 
What’s wrong with this woman? Look at her veins, they’re bulging out. She looks like a lunatic, barking loudly in the dining room in the wee hours. 
It turns out to be true that people who’re extremely talented in a certain field act differently from ordinary people, especially when their pride is challenged. 
Sebastian could not be bothered arguing with her. 
Pushing her aside, he grabbed a glass and headed toward the water dispenser. 
###Chapter 360
Chapter 360
Roxanne closed in on him. Seeing how cold and indifferent he was toward her, a wave of emotions stirred up within her. Like a crumbling river bank, she could collapse any moment. 
“Sebastian, look me in the eyes and tell me the truth.” 
“Let go of me. Are you crazy? Why did you come here all the way and make such an awful scene in the middle of the night?” 
Enraged, Sebastian swung her arm away and went upstairs. 
At that moment, Roxanne knew that her last hope was shattered. 
He’s well-aware what I meant when I asked him to look into my eyes. But, he refused to do so. He’s avoiding eye-contact with me. What does that tell me? 
Roxanne was up in arms over Sebastian’s attitude. She dashed toward him. 
Ring! 
It was a very weird bell. 
Sebastian stopped in his tracks and started losing his senses. 
“You…” 
“It’s okay to fail the first time. We can try it again. Come over here, Sebastian, let us forget those unhappy incidents. Be good… Come…”
Holding a bell in her hand, Roxanne was pacifying a towering figure by the stairwell. 
Sebastian was stunned as he felt a cold chill down his spine. 
Knowing how good she was in the psychological realm, he had been very wary of her. 
However, there was nothing he could do about it once she took out her bell. Even her grandfather would not be able to control her. 
Gradually, Sebastian’s mind was turning blank. 
“No… Roxanne, no…” 
“It’s all right, dear. Don’t you want to forget about that woman? Have you forgotten the pain she’s brought you? It took you a long while to walk out of that abyss. Sebastian, you can’t go back into that pit again.” 
Right then, Sebastian was holding his head, struggling in agony. Step by step, Roxanne approached him. She stretched out her hand, trying to console him. 
Before she could touch him, he flung her away and yelled, “Get lost!” 
Roxanne went quiet. 
For a second, her arm which was hung mid-air stiffened. The next moment, she saw red and shook the bell even faster. 
What an impudent brute! 
I’ve been giving my all to grow this relationship for over a decade. I’ve spent so much effort pleasing you. Yet, you did nothing in return and never once appreciated me for who I am!
He knows very well that the woman will destroy him. It has happened once and it will surely happen again. However, he’s like a fool, still betting on her. Is he out of his mind? 
Blinded by her blazing fury, Roxanne began using the highest frequency to hypnotize him. It was a method which might be detrimental to his wellbeing. 
As a result, the livid man quietened down amidst the sound of her bell. It was a deja vu, like what took place over ten years ago. Then, he let her take him to the couch without protest. 
“Sebastian?” 
“Hmm..” 
“Do you know who I am?” 
“Ms… Rocke…” Sebastian murmured these words while dozing off. 
Ms. Rocke. Yes, that’s what he used to call me when he was sent abroad for treatment. 
A smug settled upon Roxanne’s face. Just when she was about to lay him down, a bullet flew in unexpectedly from outside and smashed onto the TV screen. 
Bang! 
A loud noise resonated through the French windows and across the room. 
Roxanne was shocked to the core. 
Before she could recollect herself, the man in her arms widened his eyes in horror as he covered his ears, and moaned in agony.
“Sebastian! Sebastian!” panic-stricken, Roxanne screamed at the top of her lungs. She knelt down to check on him, only to realize that he had curled up in a fetal position. Blood was gushing out from both of his ears and filled his eyes. 
“No, this can’t be it…” 
Looking ghastly like a corpse, she could not believe her eyes. 
No one knew better than her what the situation meant. 
Upon hearing the gunshot, Karl and the others rushed to the scene. Like a bloodthirsty devil, Sebastian rose to his feet and dragged the wailing Roxanne into the kitchen. 
“Please, don’t, Mr. Hayes!” 
Extremely terrified, everyone followed him into the kitchen. 
The children were awakened by the commotion. Thankfully, Wendy retained them upstairs. 
“What happened to… Daddy?” 
Matteo caught a glimpse of the gruesome scene before Wendy came into their room. It was his first time seeing the frightful side of his father. Scared out of his wits, he hid himself in Wendy’s embrace as he trembled violently. 
Ian, on the other hand, went as white as the sheet. 
Terribly shaken, that was also the first time he had seen his father in a grisly image. 
Fortunately, Karl was able to subdue Sebastian by knocking him out and taking him away. 
###Chapter 361
Chapter 361
“Karl, where are you taking Mr. Hayes?” 
“Don’t worry, Wendy. I’m bringing him to see Mr. Hayes Sr. Please stay here and take care of the two children. Don’t let them roam around, okay?” reminded Karl. 
The situation was bad, considering how things had developed up till this point. A bullet had triggered Sebastian unexpectedly. 
Karl took Roxanne too as they left Frontier Bay and locked up the entire place. 
A storm seems to be coming its way… 
Meanwhile, Sasha slept very well that night. 
She had no memory of how she got back safely when she woke up in the morning. Staring at the crystal chandelier above her head and the white sheets underneath her, she slowly recalled what happened last night. 
So, I’m in a hotel? Did Sebastian send me here? 
A warm, fuzzy feeling rose within her at the thought of it. When she was about to go wash up, she noticed two paper bags on the other side of the bed. She took a peep inside and found two brand new sets of women’s clothing. 
These are…” 
Ring! Ring! Ring!
“Hello?” 
“Hi, good morning! May I know if you’re up and if you’d like some breakfast in bed?” 
It was the receptionist checking in on her preference. 
Stupefied, Sasha asked directly, “Who made this arrangement?” 
The receptionist replied, “It was the gentleman who sent you back last night. He has ordered breakfast for you and also paid for the room.” 
Sasha staggered. 
Conflicted, she did not know how to respond. “What about the clothes?” she asked naively while staring at the two bags in her hand. 
“The gentleman has instructed us to get them ready for you. Miss, shall we send your breakfast up now?” asked the receptionist again, politely. 
Sasha agreed, then hung up the phone. 
Why is he so nice all of a sudden? 
This is very uncharacteristic of him to bring me to a hotel and thoughtfully prepare everything for me. 
Hmm, has he… not lost his memory?” 
Unwittingly, that thought flashed through her mind while showering, but she dismissed it soon enough as she recalled his clarification. 
He said he’s doing all these for the sake of the two kids. 
Therefore, I shouldn’t feel too strange about these arrangements.
Moreover, how could Roxanne’s hypnosis fail? 
After having breakfast, Sasha left the hotel around ten o’clock. 
“Have you read the news? It’s reported that the President of Hayes Corporation has mental illness. He killed his fiancée last night!” 
“No way!” 
As Sasha was hailing for a cab at the hotel entrance, she overheard two girls gossiping while reading from their phones. 
What are they talking about? The President of Hayes Corporation murdered his fiancée? 
Dumbfounded, she hurriedly turned and caught up with the two girls. “What did you say? Someone was murdered? By whom?” 
“Huh? It’s the President of Hayes Corporation. Didn’t you read the shocking news? It’s all over the Internet now.” 
The two girls were startled by a sudden, random question from a stranger. 
Seeing that it was another young lady, they willingly shared their phones with Sasha to have a look. 
Sasha’s eyes widened, aghast at the bolded headline. The President of Hayes Corporation, A Possible Mental Patient. 
Oh no, how could it be? Where is there such a news? 
Immediately, Sasha took her phone out with trembling hands and tried to confirm what she had just read.
Lo and behold, the same news had gone viral on every single related websites and social media platforms. The topic about the man who was suspected of having a mental disorder dominated all search engines and exploded the online traffic. 
How can this be? What’s going on? He was all right before we separated last night. 
Sasha could not even hold her phone probably. The more she read about it, the more exasperated she became. Clicking on the last page of the hundreds of thousands of comments led her to a video clip. 
It was one which was secretly shot in Frontier Bay. 
The clip was quite blurry. However, one could see that a familiar male figure was dragging a woman across the living room, in a brightly lit villa. 
“Ahh!” A series of shrieks of terror and pain could be clearly heard, as if the woman was starring in a gory horror film. 
Instantly, Sasha shut her eyes as the phone fell off from her hands with a thud. 
“Are you okay? You dropped your phone,” a concerned passerby asked after seeing Sasha waddled a few steps. 
She was completely baffled. 
How could I be okay? 
Although she was not related to Sebastian anymore, she still found him close to her heart. It was not easy for her to cut off all ties and feel nothing when something so severe had happened. 
Picking up her phone, she got into a cab in unsteady steps, and headed to Frontier Bay. 
###Chapter 362
Chapter 362
She felt like she had to get to the bottom of this. 
Half an hour later at Frontier Bay 
"What’s going on? Hasn’t Sebastian shown up yet?” 
“Are you being serious? How could he possibly come out today? Can’t you see how many heavily armed bodyguards they’ve got behind that door? 
Shortly after, a series of soft steps approached. 
Sasha was not expecting the perimeters of the Royal Court One to be clogged completely by vehicles and reporters who brought along their assortment of cameras, hoping to get in on this one big scoop. 
Seeing what awaited her prompted Sasha to turn around, as being Sebastian’s ex-spouse meant that she would be someone of great interest to anyone within the ranks of the press who might recognize her, and should she be discovered, it would likely not bode well for that man. 
She gritted her teeth and considered not going inside, but how was she to investigate the matter if she refrained from entering? 
It was at that moment that she got the jitters and wondered if it was because someone inside the Royal Court One spotted her. 
Suddenly, her cell phone rang. 
“Hello?”
“It’s me, Mommy. Boo hoo…” 
On the other end of the line, Matteo started to bawl the moment the call got through. 
That served to compound Sasha’s trepidation. “Mommy’s right here, Matt. Tell me what’s happening in there. Where’s your daddy? And how about Ian? How are y’all doing?” 
“Boo hoo… Daddy’s been taken by Mr. Frost. Ian and I are here… It’s horrible, Mommy. Daddy’s going to kill Ms. Rocke…” 
The terrifying sight must have proved too traumatic for this five-year-old child to bear witness to as he continued to sob. 
Sasha was practically in shock upon hearing his words. 
Though she was dismissive of the rumors off the internet, she had no choice but to confront the truth conveyed from the lips of her own son—Sebastian was really going to kill Roxanne. 
Why though? 
Sasha’s hands and feet were clammy, and it took her quite a while to settle her nerves before she was able to resume communications with the boy over the phone. 
“Don’t be afraid, Matteo. Daddy might be… unwell. Why don’t you tell Mommy what happened? Don’t worry, Mommy’s a doctor, but I’ve to understand what happened in order to help him.” 
“Can you really?” 
“Of course I can. Tell you what, why don’t you get Ian to the phone?” 
Sasha could infer from her younger son’s inflection that he was already overwhelmed, and so she coaxed him into handing the phone over to her relatively more composed older son, Ian, who was able to
calmly recount the events that transpired the previous night shortly after taking over. 
“It was that woman, Mommy. She was the one responsible for Daddy becoming sick.” The boy started to sob uncontrollably afterward and was unwavering in his certainty of Roxanne’s guilt. 
If that were true, then Roxanne’s culpability in this is unforgivable! 
After taking some time to console her two sons over the phone, Sasha immediately rode off in a hired car. 
If Sebastian was taken away by Karl, she would have fewer concerns about his safety. She reckoned that Karl would surely have taken him to the Hayes residence to seek out Frederick. 
That was where she directed the driver and where the familiar black Bentley was expectantly found upon her arrival. 
However, she found herself stopped at the door. 
“I’m only going in to see him.” 
“That won’t be necessary, Ms. Wand. Mr. Hayes was explicit about not entertaining any guests during this time, and you should know that it wouldn’t make a difference even if you went in, agreed?” 
The person in her way was Frederick’s long-serving butler, Tim. 
Ever since Sasha learned the truth and broke off contact with the Hayes, Frederick had grown remorseful of his past deeds and softened his stance toward her. 
Nonetheless, he did not allow her through at this time.
Left with no other options at her disposal, Sasha could only stand there briefly in silence before she turned away. 
On the way out, she spotted an approaching white BMW, and out of the corner of her eye, she caught a glimpse of the person at the wheel. 
Roxanne! 
Her eyes narrowed instantly, and she was quick to get her driver to halt the vehicle. 
“What do you think you are doing?” Displeased at this interruption, Roxanne promptly lowered the window on the driver’s side and poked out her head to cuss. 
Sasha darted in front of her when she saw that. “You. Get out of the car!” 
Never before had she been this angry in her life. She deliberately enunciated every single word into that woman’s ear while she reached for the handle of the latter’s door and forcibly tried to open it. 
That drove Roxanne into a panic. 
“Are you out of your mind? How dare you behave in such a manner here? Go check yourself into a facility if you’re mental!” she cussed as she stomped on the accelerator. 
Sasha was caught off guard, but fortunately for her, Tim came out of nowhere upon witnessing the exchange and pulled her out of harm’s way. 
Had he not, she might have been run over by that woman. 
###Chapter 363
Chapter 363
Clearly, it was she who’s mental! 
Sasha seethed at that thought 
“That’s enough, Ms. Wand. Her parents have already punished her for it, so perhaps you shouldn’t continue to make things difficult for her here. She did not mean any harm.” 
“Did not mean any harm? Do you expect me to be able to brush it off so casually? Don’t you know that she could have ruined Mr. Hayes?” 
Sasha only grew more upset upon hearing Tim and started to voice her disapproval vociferously on the spot, to which Tim only responded with a dignified silence. 
Just as he was about to try to calm Sasha, the woman whom she was so determined to intercept just a moment ago surprisingly pulled over with a resounding screech. 
“Ruined him? Explain yourself, Sasha Wand. Who was the one who ruined him?” Roxanne stormed up to Sasha directly after she alighted. 
With all the rage she had bottled up inside, Sasha held nothing back after seeing her counterpart step out of her own volition. 
“Haven’t I made it obvious enough for you? Aren’t you aware of what you’ve done?” 
“Yes. I know what I’ve done, but do you know why I did that? It was all because of you!” Roxanne’s finger was almost upon Sasha’s forehead as she railed.
Roxanne’s parents had also arrived at the scene and quickly hastened over with the intention of restraining their own daughter. 
As she recalled how they distorted the truth during her last visit to the Rocke residence, Sasha started scoffing in a fury at the sight of this family. 
“Of course. Hasn’t it always been that way for the Rocke family? Was it not always someone else’s fault? Since when were y’all ever wrong about anything?” 
“Bullsh*t! You don’t believe me, do you? Fine! Why don’t I give it to you straight then? Were you not with him that night? Didn’t he go in to rescue you?” 
Sasha was dumbstruck, taken aback by the fact that the woman was even in the know about this. 
However, that was beside the point as what came after proved to be even more shocking. “He pretended that I had his memory erased, but the truth is, he still remembered who you are, you blighted b*tch!” Roxanne hollered. 
Everything came to a standstill when her voice trailed off. 
Sasha, in particular, felt a humming in her own brain as her basic cognitive functions seemed to stall while she stared at that woman. 
Pretended? 
How could that be, considering how cold he has been to me? He even locked me up in the dog pound and threatened to put a chain around me… 
“I’ve told him umpteenth times that you’re a ticking time bomb who would sooner or later lead to his downfall, but he wouldn’t listen. Six months ago, he even walked in the rain for three hours from the
airport into the city after you broke up with him. His final words before he passed out were that you didn’t want him anymore. Am I wrong about this, Sasha Wand? Huh?” 
Roxanne choked up amidst her throaty and hysteric accusations, leaving no room for doubt at this moment that her heart bled for this man. 
Sasha started to become unsteady on her own feet. 
He walked in the pouring rain for three hours straight that day? 
She was under the impression that he would head home right after they parted ways at the airport. After all, he had never demonstrated his affections for her, be it on the night she left or when they were together in that little village 
Tears welled up and rolled out of the corners of Sasha’s eyes. 
“He ran a high fever and was not able to sleep for several nights afterward. Did you know how worried I was for him? How could he be fine after suffering a blow like this? That was why I hypnotized him and helped him erase all his memories pertaining to you. Was I wrong to do that?” 
Sasha had no means of retort. 
“It was your refusal to be with him that led me to use this method, all to protect him from the harm that you caused. Was I wrong to do that? Am I wrong to intervene as his doctor now that you’re back again to harass him? Answer me, Sasha Wand!” 
Like a knife, her words stabbed into Sasha’s heart so deeply that the latter could almost taste the blood in her mouth, and in the end, even her self-awareness almost deserted her. 
That’s right. When did she err?
What right had she, Sasha Wand, the true cause of everything, to chastise her? 
Finally, Sasha turned around stiffly like the living dead and dragged her own desensitized feet away in despondence upon the realization of how ignorant she was. 
At another time, in another place. 
Sasha arrived back at the hotel, where she cooped herself in for the next three days. 
Hiding under the sheets inside that room and neither eating nor drinking with regularity, she had even switched off her phone and hung up the receiver of the landline by the head of the bed. 
Her sole interaction was with the television, which she would turn on every day to keep tabs on developments specific to that piece of news. 
###Chapter 364
Chapter 364
The television was unplugged outright when updates became far and few between, after which she reacquainted herself with the darkness which had been her constant companion in the room with all the curtains drawn. 
Three days later, a thunderous thumping was finally heard upon the door. 
“Open up, Sasha! Or else I’m going to bust my way in!” 
Though the woman wrapped tightly in the comforter heard the man, she flipped herself around and pretended that she did not. 
And so, the door was finally kicked open from the outside. 
“Frigging hell!” 
The bright blue sky outside delivered an instant contrast to the pitch-black interiors beyond the door, and that shocked him into a cold sweat. 
Could something have happened to that silly woman? 
Brandon burst in and shouted as he switched on all the lights, “Where are you, you idiot? Are you dead? Come on out!” 
However, Sasha remained hushed under the sheets. 
“There you are. Damn it. You almost scared me to death!” Brandon dashed over in glee after he discovered the little mound on the bed.
The disinterested woman arched away and pulled up the blanket over herself. “Why are you here? Get out!” 
Brandon was rendered speechless as he had never been treated so shabbily by this woman. Finally irked, he yanked the blanket off her in its entirety. 
“Why am I here? You’ve gone and disappeared for three days straight. People were starting to think that you’ve been murdered and dismembered.” 
“You’re insane!” 
Mired in a state of desolation, Sasha clambered up with the intention of reclaiming possession of the comforter, which she had been robbed of. 
But there was no way Brandon would return it to her. 
With the blanket in hand, he ran straight for the window and started to pull back the curtains which had been left drawn in the past three days. 
On the bed, Sasha reflexively raised both hands to shield her eyes when she felt the pain induced by the sudden burst of light which seeped in through the window. 
“What are you doing, Brandon? Hurry up and close them.” 
“Uh. Would you take a look at yourself? Getting all depressed over a little ticking off by that woman? Where has the old Sasha Wand disappeared off to?” 
She fell silent as the old Sasha was already dead. 
An indeterminate amount of time transpired with Sasha sitting slumped on the bed. When she was finally able to adjust her eyes to the brightness, she lowered her hands and gazed at the light that she had not seen for some time.
“Why were you looking for me?” 
“Why else? Sebastian’s awake, so I wanted to ask if you would like to go visit him.” 
Awake? 
Sasha sat up almost immediately upon hearing that, and the heart that had been deadened for three days throbbed, albeit for that brief instant, before the recollection of that woman’s words caused her to gradually slink back into her brooding. 
“How’s he?” 
“Alright, I guess. He’s already made a public appearance. Aren’t you going to see him? I heard that you’ve gotten into a row with Roxanne over this. Seeing how worried you are, wouldn’t it be better if you visited him for yourself since he’s already come to?” 
While Brandon kept up with his efforts to persuade that woman, she pursed her lips before shaking her head steadily. “I won’t. And I’d also be keeping my distance from him from here on out.” 
“Why?” 
“It’s because… I want him to be able to live longer.” 
That last sentence was meant for her own ears. 
During the past three days, someone had indeed contacted her over the landline, which she subsequently unplugged. The individual called on that particular day to tell her about Sebastian taking ill in Frontier Bay, after which he also extended an apology. 
“We’re really sorry about what happened at the Rocke residence, Ms. Wand. My wife and I were in the wrong. But with things being the way they are right now, I believe you wouldn’t want to see his downfall,
and so I’ll be handling things myself. Do you understand? 
It was said that Sebastian was still unconscious when that man called. 
He decided that he was going to personally erase all of Sebastian’s memories of Sasha in the hope that the latter would not be triggered by her in the future, which was important for ensuring his safety. 
At that moment, Sasha suddenly found herself vehemently opposed to it. 
“No, I don’t know, and I don’t need to know. I regret it now and no longer wish to leave him. I don’t want you to erase any of his memories. I intend to be with him, so I forbid it”. 
Like a raving lunatic, she jumped off the bed and prepared to head out to stop him until Trevor said that it was too late. 
When Sasha lowered her head to see the light which seeped in through the gaps between her fingers, the wall of tears which she had been holding back finally buckled under those piercing rays and fell onto the snowy white sheets. 
“I regret it, Brandon. I should not have pushed him away at the airport, and now, I’ve no more chance to…” 
Brandon did not know how to respond to that. 
###Chapter 365
Chapter 365
In the end, Sasha did not go out to see Sebastian. Instead, she had Brandon help her book a flight to Moranta and departed the same afternoon. 
That dignified and distinguished man made a reappearance at the press conference Hayes Corporation hosted two days after, at which he stood with the same poise befitting of the king of this city under the focus of the spotlight. 
Beside him in accompaniment was his lovely fiancée. 
Although the ballyhoo surrounding Hayes Corporation was ultimately suppressed by Frederick, answers were needed to maintain order. 
Hence, everyone bore witness as the president of Hayes Corporation announced the restructuring of the lineup to their board of directors. 
A restructuring? 
That roused a commotion amongst members of the press as a restructuring was no small matter, especially for such a sizeable company. 
The President swiftly offered up a reasonable explanation, stating that the scandal surrounding him, which blew up on the internet, was the handiwork of a few members of the board of directors, who had since been arrested by the police. 
This declaration sent shockwaves throughout the room again.
Following that, the young lady of the Rocke family, who was previously rumored to have been killed by the president of Hayes Corporation, went on to explain that the photographs captured that day were a mere depiction of some sexy games she and her fiancé indulged in. 
It was a revelation that left the reporters deflated, and with that, the headline-grabbing fiasco was finally brought to a close. 
After two days of intense grilling under duress in a basement somewhere, the board director by the name of Young finally admitted to being part of a conspiracy. 
“I was working with Roderick who promised me more shares when his son Robert ascended to a position of power.” 
“Roderick?” 
The interrogator Karl appeared displeased because that was not the answer which he sought. 
With Roderick dead and Robert still locked up at the Hayes residence after being beaten to a pulp by the President that night, a killer could not have been hired and sent out to Frontier Bay on such short notice. 
Finding the whole situation highly unusual, Karl went to the office to find Sebastian after the questioning had been concluded. 
“According to my analysis, Robert could not have been the killer from that night, so this bullet must have come from someone else.” 
He fished out the bullet again and placed it on the desk before him. 
Sebastian rested with his eyes closed as he was still a little out of sorts. There was a streak of wanness to his chiseled visage.
Several seconds passed before he slowly lifted his lids. “It wasn’t him, to begin with. A useless good-for- nothing like Robert could never have devised a plan as meticulous as this.” 
“Which means to say?” 
“Comb through all the records available on that scumbag. Whoever he came into contact with and whatever he did, I want to know!” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
There was a shift in Karl’s expression during his prompt affirmation as it would be truly terrifying if Robert was indeed someone else’s pawn as his boss suggested. 
That had him wondering who the person who manipulated that father and son pair was, and more importantly, what was that person’s underlying motive for going against someone so formidable. 
Karl suppressed his own astonishment while he made his way out of the office. 
Upon his exit, he chanced upon a young woman coming toward the president’s office from the opposite direction. Decked out in a white blouse coupled with the most trendy skirt from a major label and a pair of Rhinestone encrusted heels underfoot, she looked unbelievably exquisite in her getup. 
Karl promptly retreated to the side. “You’re back, Ms. Rocke.” 
“Yes. Is your president inside?” 
Roxanne lifted her gaze toward the office across from them with a thermal lunchbox in hand. 
Karl nodded copiously. “Yes. Thank you for making the effort to prepare and deliver lunch for our president.”
“It’s nothing. He’s just recovered, so we need to be more attentive. Alright, don’t mind me. I have to get this soup to him while it’s still hot.” 
Roxanne left him with that before she walked past him with the lunchbox. 
Karl tracked her movements past the open doors to the office and noticed that the woman left the lunchbox directly on the sprawling desk before she skirted around to the other side. 
“How are you feeling, Sebastian? Are you feeling any sort of discomfort?” she said with a voice tender to a tee. 
Through the slit in the still unlatched door, Karl also noted a fair hand being laid upon the forehead of the seated man inside in tandem with that voice, which the man made no attempt to dodge. 
The former watched on without comment and thought that nothing really mattered so long as his boss was happy. 
Elsewhere in Moranta. 
Sasha swiftly immersed herself in her work the moment she returned. 
She was trying to keep herself from falling to the wayside by keeping busy every waking hour, which seemed to help. 
###Chapter 366
Chapter 366
“Sha, Andy asked if you would like to take on this project. But I do have to warn you, it’s kind of complicated despite having a huge budget to work with,” Lance told Sasha as soon as she arrived home after fetching her daughter. 
It had been a month, and Sasha had her focus on her daughter all this while. 
As for Andy, it seemed like he was doing pretty well on his own. 
Wall Street titans like him enjoyed dealing with illegal businesses. Nevertheless, he recognized Sasha’s outstanding talent and ability. 
Thus, he would hand over legitimate projects to her. 
Sasha placed her daughter on the sofa and headed toward the study to go through the so-called complex project. 
“This is situated in a war zone?” 
“Indeed. Andy mentioned that it is a legit business although it’s in a warzone. A well-known local oil company is interested in collaborating with a pharmaceutical partner. Apparently, they’re in urgent need of such resources,” Lance explained in detail. 
Yup, this does sound like something Andy would have done. After all, there are things that you can’t obtain in some countries even if you have all the money in the world. 
As for this company, it needed a briefcase company to make things work.
Coincidentally, Andy offers such services. 
Sasha flipped through the documents and did some calculations in her head. To her surprise, she realized she would earn millions from this particular project, and her interest was piqued. 
“I’ll do it. It says here that we don’t necessarily have to meet them on site. So, let’s arrange a meeting in a safer nearby city to discuss the details.” 
“Alright, let me ask.” Lance quickly went to work. 
Sasha, on the other hand, left the study and headed to the kitchen to prepare dinner. 
“Sweetie, what would you like for dinner? Mommy will make whatever you want.” 
“Hmm… Then can I have drumsticks for dinner? I would like a big one, okay, Mummy? I can eat a huge drumstick!” she answered sweetly. 
Vivian was sitting on the sofa, folding paper planes, when she heard Sasha’s question. 
Sasha chuckled. 
I wonder why does she like drumsticks so much? She’s always asking for the same thing. 
Sasha grinned and went to the kitchen. 
Little did Sasha know, Vivian quickly got off the sofa as soon she saw Sasha returning to the kitchen. She quietly snuck into the bedroom to make a call. 
“Hello? Matt? Ian? It’s me.” 
“Hello? Is that you, Vivian? Have you had dinner?”
Her brothers weren’t surprised to receive her call. It seemed like they had figured out that Vivi would call at this hour. 
Vivian smiled happily and answered, “Not yet. Mommy’s making dinner now. Guess what? I’m having drumsticks tonight! What about you?” 
Both Matteo and Ian hesitated to answer her as they were sad when they heard her words. 
Vivi gets to eat Mommy’s homemade drumsticks, but we can only eat that woman’s cooking. 
“Matt? Ian? Why aren’t you saying anything? Has Daddy gotten better now? Has he thought of Mommy? When will he come and visit me?” Vivian asked once again. 
It’s been so long since I’ve last seen Daddy, Matt, and Ian. 
Matteo’s mood went sour at Vivian’s questions. “Not yet. He’s always at Ms. Rocke’s place, and Daddy hasn’t mentioned a word about Mommy.” 
“Huh? Does that mean he won’t remember Mommy?” 
Vivian’s large eyes began to turn red as tears welled up in them. 
Ian heard Vivi’s choked-up voice and quickly grabbed the smartwatch. “No, Vivi, don’t worry. We’ll help Daddy remember Mommy.” 
Vivian felt better and asked, “Really?” 
Ian nodded in determination. “Yes. I promise!” 
That’s right. As the eldest child in the family, I won’t allow Daddy and Mommy to be separated. So what if that woman erased his memory? I will help Daddy get his memory back.
Vivian was pleased when she heard her brother’s promise. Hence, she had a good appetite during dinner. Sasha noticed that Vivian managed to finish both of the drumsticks she had made. 
Was it that good? Sasha wondered as she smiled at the scene. 
Then, the mother and daughter had a good night’s sleep. 
The next day, Sasha asked Lance to send Vivian to preschool before she headed to Wall Street. 
“Good morning, is Mr. Rind here yet?” 
“Not yet. A client was urgently looking for him last night. The client told him to undersell the stocks as soon as the stock market opens today,” Andy’s assistant explained. 
Undersell everything? Wouldn’t that lead to bankruptcy? 
Sasha couldn’t help but ask, “Who was it? Does this person not want his company anymore?” 
The assistant answered, “I guess so. It’s called… Prime Cloud Corporation, if I’m not mistaken.” 
Prime Cloud Corporation? 
Sasha was stunned when she heard the name of the company. 
###Chapter 367
Chapter 367
Sasha had not met Solomon ever since they fell out at the airport six months ago. 
In fact, she would have forgotten about him if he hadn’t approached Andy to liquidate his company. Similarly, their encounter wouldn’t have taken place. 
When Andy brought Solomon into the company, he noticed Sasha. As he approached her, he suggested, “Nancy, since you’re both friends, why don’t I leave this to you?” 
Sasha hesitated. 
Although she was very unwilling, she still agreed to his request. After all, Andy was her boss, and she couldn’t reject him without a logical reason. 
Seeing him for the first time after six months, Sasha noticed that Solomon had lost a lot of weight. In contrast to the cheery person she used to know, the man before her seemed sullen, and his disheveled beard made him look like a completely different person. 
“Take a seat. I’ll get you a glass of water.” Sasha led him to her office and poured him a glass of water. 
Solomon was taken back by her courtesy and said, “Thank you.” 
Sasha eyed him emotionlessly as she returned to her desk. “What happened? How did your company become like this? I thought that it was doing pretty well.” 
“Indeed. However, many things have happened in the past six months. The staff responsible for software development imitated someone else’s work and was sued in court. Hence, I was forced to pay a heavy
compensation that led to the downfall of my company.” Solomon smiled bitterly as he held the glass of water in hand. 
Sasha remained silent as she listened to his story. 
She was unsure of what to say, so she decided to turn on the computer to prepare for the sellout. 
Fortunately, Solomon came at the right time. The reputation of Prime Cloud Corporation’s stocks had not been ruined yet. Hence, Sasha was able to catch the public’s eye, and many people began to buy in at a large amount. 
“It’s done. You can probably receive the money by tomorrow.” 
“Alright. Thank you, Nancy.” He let out a sigh of relief. 
Sasha replied indifferently, “No problem. This is purely business. I’m only helping you since you’re paying me a commission. I’m just doing my job,” she answered in a business-like manner. 
Solomon went pale but did not say a word. After getting to his feet, he left the room. 
Sasha did not meet his gaze. Instead, she picked up her pen and got back to work as soon as he stepped out of the room. However, she heard a loud thump moments later. 
“Oh my god! What happened to him? Why did he faint? Nancy? Nancy! Your client passed out! Come quick!” 
Sasha sprang from her chair and ran out of her office to see the man passed out cold on the ground. 
How did this happen? 
Sasha did not have the chance to ask Andy about the project and brought Solomon home straight away.
“Uncle Solomon? Why’s he here?” Vivian asked in surprise as she watched them. 
Lance was equally surprised, frowning at the duo. 
“He’s sick. So he’ll be staying for the night,” Sasha explained briefly. 
Lance quickly went to clean up the guestroom. As for Vivian, she took one last glance behind Sasha before she ran to the bedroom to call her brothers. 
I have to tell them this news. This Uncle Solomon, who once wanted to be their daddy, is here again! If Daddy doesn’t come now, Mommy’s going to run away with someone else! 
Yet, Sasha did not notice Vivian’s mood change. 
Once she brought Solomon home, she took him to a room and put him on a glucose drip before she left. 
He was not suffering from any disease but merely physical exhaustion. Andy knew about his condition and recalled that Sasha was a doctor herself. Hence, he proposed that Sasha took care of him. 
Sasha was at a loss for what to do when she heard his request. Nevertheless, she brought him back. 
However, Lance had expressed great dislike and indifference toward Solomon. 
I wonder if it’s because Solomon deceived me in the past. That night, Lance pretended not to hear her whenever Sasha asked him to take care of Solomon. 
“Sha, I’ll take Vivi to bed now. She has to be up early tomorrow for school.” 
“Alright. Go ahead.” 
Sasha sighed as she watched them head up to bed.
Thus, Sasha took up the role of taking care of Solomon the entire night. She eventually dozed off by his bedside as she had to constantly check on his drip. 
The next day, Solomon did not dare to move when he came to because he was afraid of waking Sasha up. 
As the first ray of sunlight hit the room, he stretched out his hand to touch Sasha’s head that was resting by his bed. 
Unfortunately, things did not go as he expected. 
“Mommy, are you awake?” 
A sweet and young voice was heard as the door was opened with a loud bang. 
It was Vivian. 
Solomon quickly retracted his hand and pretended to be asleep. 
However, Lance’s face darkened as he saw what happened when he entered the room with Vivian. 
###Chapter 368
Chapter 368
Lance could not take it anymore as he dragged Sasha out of the room and asked, “Sha, you’ll make him leave today, right?” 
Sasha had the same idea in mind. 
“Of course. I’ll take him to the office once he wakes up. He’ll leave as soon as he gets his money.” 
“Alright, then I’ll send Vivian to preschool and buy some food on my way back. We’ll wait for you to have dinner together,” Lance said. He then picked up Vivian and left. 
It didn’t take long before Sasha and Solomon left for the office as well. 
Solomon yearned to stay in the house a little longer. In fact, he wanted to stay for good. Yet, Sasha was very cold toward him. Hence, he had no chance to even strike a negotiation with her. 
“You’ll be able to get the money today. So as soon as you receive it, you may go to Andy, and he’ll tell you what to do next.” 
“Alright,” Solomon replied. 
Sasha went straight to her computer when she arrived at the office to conduct the sellout as soon as the stock market opened. 
To her surprise, the stocks that were doing well yesterday had dropped dangerously low today minutes after the stock market opened. 
How did this happen?
Sasha’s expression hardened as she rushed out of her office to Andy. 
“Mr. Rind, what’s going on? Why have Prime Cloud Corporation’s stocks plunged?” 
“I have no idea. I just realized it as well.” Andy’s expression was solemn as he understood how serious the situation was. 
A bad feeling crept up on Sasha when she asked, “So what do we do now?” 
“Let me check what’s going on, alright? You should talk to Mr. George and make sure he’s alright. I’ll update you as soon as I find out what’s wrong.” He frowned. 
Sasha suddenly felt a wave of irritation gushing through her veins. 
Half an hour later, Andy contacted her and told her that someone had reported them to the authorities. 
“Report? But why? These aren’t stocks from a multinational corporation but a small information technology company. It’s not like we’d cause stock turbulence. Why were we reported?” 
Sasha could not understand the reason behind the situation, and neither could Andy. 
Nevertheless, one couldn’t reverse something that had happened, so Sasha and Andy could only think of a solution to solve the problem. 
With that, Sasha spent the entire day working on the case and nothing else. But she still could not find a solution by the end of the day and was forced to bring Solomon home again. 
Lance froze when he saw Solomon entering the house. 
“Erm, I’m afraid he’ll have to stay another night here due to unforeseen circumstances. But don’t worry. It’s just one more night. I promise I’ll settle things by tomorrow and get him to leave, okay?” Sasha said cautiously when she saw the look on his face.
Lance glanced at her coldly and finally said, “Well then, I’ll see if you can keep your promise tomorrow.” 
Then, he took Vivian, who looked equally unhappy back to her room. 
Sasha creased her eyebrows, unsure of what else she could say to make them feel better. 
“Why don’t… I stay at a hotel for the night? I don’t want to put you in a difficult position,” Solomon suggested. 
Unbeknownst to Sasha, Solomon had been standing behind her. He was forced to make such a suggestion when he noticed that Lance and Vivian did not welcome him. 
Sasha frowned at his words. She was tempted to say yes but decided against it when she noticed the dark sky outside. “Don’t mind them. They’re kids.” She waved dismissively. 
Then, she walked to the kitchen to prepare dinner. 
Sasha didn’t think it was a serious matter as she believed that this challenge could be overcome with both Andy’s industry experience and her capability. 
I know we can definitely get through this by tomorrow. 
However, reality had proved her wrong the next day. 
“I found out what’s wrong. It was the company that sued Prime Cloud Corporation. They might have realized what Mr. George was trying to do. Hence, they had their eyes on you the moment you released the stocks yesterday.” 
“W-What do we do now?” 
Sasha almost lost her patience when she heard the news.
Andy shrugged. “There’s nothing we can do now but go by the procedure. Thank goodness you were the one in charge of this case. Thus, it’s not as terrible as it could have been. Anyway, I believe the Chanaea Banking Regulatory Commission would release the case once it’s been reviewed.” 
“How long would that take?” 
“A week, I guess,” Andy said. 
Damn! Sasha cursed inwardly. 
Fortunately, Solomon took the initiative to book a hotel and told her that he would only approach her when necessary. 
Sasha sighed in relief. She was initially panicking and racking her brain for an excuse to tell Lance and Vivian about Solomon’s prolonged stay. 
Sasha even bought some desserts for Lance and Vivian when she got off work. Hopefully, this would lighten things up between us. 
“Huh? Sweetie, why are you playing alone? Where’s Uncle Lance?” 
“I don’t know…” she answered as she fiddled with her toy enthusiastically, feeling upset after the call with her brothers. 
Matt and Ian said they’ve tried to help Daddy regain his memory, but it didn’t work. Daddy doesn’t remember a thing. Besides, he warned them not to mention Mommy anymore. Daddy doesn’t even remember the times he spent with Mommy. So how could he possibly remember who Mommy is? 
###Chapter 369
Chapter 369
Vivian’s eyes instantly turned red at that thought. 
Sasha noticed it and assumed that she had a bad day at preschool. Hence, she quickly squatted down and asked, “What’s wrong, sweetie? Did something happen?” 
“No. It’s just that… I miss Matt and Ian. Mommy, perhaps Daddy doesn’t want us anymore?” Vivian glanced at her with eyes filled with tears. 
Sasha was stunned by her words. 
Vivian’s words were like a sharp knife that pierced through her heart. She thought she had forgotten about the pain. Yet, it was now gushing through her heart like waves. 
I’ve always known that she kept in contact with her two brothers, but I didn’t expose her for the sake of their relationship. In fact, I’m glad that they could still talk to each other without feeling awkward. Besides, I would be able to gain some information from them. 
But, what’s with her sudden question? What does it mean? 
Sasha picked Vivian up and hugged her. “Of course not. Why would they do so when they love you so much? They’re just very busy.” 
“But Daddy doesn’t talk about me anymore. He spends all his time with Ms. Rocke nowadays. I guess he doesn’t want me anymore.” 
Sasha was overwhelmed with sadness when she heard Vivian speak about her true feelings.
I guess she must be very hurt. 
So he’s with Roxanne all the time, huh? Perhaps he’s completely forgotten about us. 
Sasha held her daughter as her heart was filled with devastation. Then, she recalled Roxanne’s words when she met her at the entrance of the Hayes residence. 
She said that Sebastian did not forget me, but I didn’t believe her. But now that I think about it, there seems to be some truth in her words. 
For example, he once said he’d feed me to the dogs. Yet, he didn’t do anything to me when we were at the dog pound. Instead, he treated me with kindness. 
Similarly, did he really appear at the Blue Enchantress nightclub just to spy on Robert? Was it really just a coincidence? Furthermore, he even carried me to the hotel and made meticulous arrangements for me. 
As she recalled the incidents that had happened, she suddenly felt her chest tighten, and it was too painful for her to breathe. 
“Don’t worry. Mommy will take you to them on your birthday, alright? Then, you’ll be able to meet them!” she said. 
“Really?” 
Vivian instantly stopped crying. Her large, reddened eyes gleamed with surprise as she looked at Sasha. 
Woohoo! Mommy’s taking me over to visit them! I must quickly tell Ian and Matt this good news! 
Once Vivian stopped crying, Sasha placed her on her feet and went to the kitchen to make dinner. 
A few minutes later, Ian who lived in Avenport received a call from Vivi.
“Are you saying that Mommy’s coming to visit us on our birthday?” 
“Yes! Mommy told me just now. She said she’d take me with her to visit both of you. Aren’t you excited?” Vivian exclaimed. 
Of course! Why wouldn’t we be? 
But I wonder if Daddy would allow them to see us under such circumstances. He was even infuriated when we mentioned Mommy in front of him, forbidding us to bring her up again in the household. 
Sigh… 
Matteo hung up the call on his smartwatch. He sighed as he sat on his bed and looked at the bright stars outside his windows. 
There was a time difference between Avenport and Moranta. Thus, it was past midnight when Vivian called. 
Ian was woken up by Matteo’s sigh and looked at his brother with his sleepy yet bright eyes. 
“What is it?” 
“Vivi said Mommy will visit on our birthday. Vivi would be coming along too.” 
“That’s good news!” Ian’s face lit up. 
Yet, Matteo let out a long sigh. 
“Yes, of course. But haven’t you seen how Daddy’s been like these days? He doesn’t even allow us to talk about Mommy! Do you really think he would let us meet her?” 
“Don’t worry. Leave the talking to me,” Ian said.
Ian resembled Sebastian in many ways. For instance, once he had his mind set out to do something, no one could stop him. 
Hence, as Sebastian was about to send them to preschool that morning, Ian carried his small backpack and stood in front of Sebastian with a solemn look. 
“Daddy, I have to tell you something.” 
“What is it?” 
Sebastian was used to his son talking to him in this manner. After all, he was the one who brought the latter up. 
Ian stood before the towering man and looked up to meet his eyes. “I’ve spoken to Mommy on the phone, and she told us that she would be visiting us on our birthday with Vivi. Then, we can finally reunite,” he said. 
###Chapter 370
Chapter 370
“Reunite?” 
Sebastian’s face fell as his eyebrows furrowed into a frown. It was obvious that he was not happy with the arrangement. 
Matteo remained silent as he eyed Ian cautiously. 
Ian did not back down but continued, “Yes, reunite. You can’t disagree with this, Daddy. If you do, Matteo and I will not go to school from now onwards. Besides, I can’t promise you that we won’t run away from home to find Mommy in Moranta!” 
Damn! Good job, Ian! 
Sebastian was so angry that the veins on his forehead were visible. He would have scolded his son if Wendy hadn’t arrived at that moment. 
“Mr. Hayes, why don’t you just grant them this wish since they’ve come to an agreement with their mommy. Come on… It is their birthday, after all.” 
“Of course not, Wendy. There will be a second time once I agree to the first. After that, they would become dependent on her.” 
To make things worse, Roxanne had arrived too. 
Wendy’s expression turned sour when she noticed her arrival. 
But she knew she did not have much say as a housemaid.
As expected, Sebastian ed to the idea as there was no one else left to convince him. 
Furthermore, Sebastian had assigned two bodyguards to stay with both Matteo and Ian all day. He wanted to prevent the matter Ian had mentioned from happening. 
Ian said irritatedly, “You’re so mean, and I’m greatly disappointed in you. Mommy’s already taking the first step, and yet you’re still upset with her. Man up, will you?” 
Then, he threw his backpack onto the ground and ran away, crying. 
The doorway went dead silent. Everyone, including Wendy, Roxanne, Matteo, and the others, did not dare say a word. 
Wendy was happy and worried at the same time. While she was glad that the child stood up to his daddy like that, she was also afraid that Mr. Hayes would react negatively. 
However, she was disappointed as Sebastian was only stunned for a moment before he flew into a rage. 
He bellowed as he watched Ian throw the small backpack on the ground and lock himself in his room, “Ian, you come back here this instance! Are you asking for a beating?” 
Matteo did not dare speak as he froze by the door. 
The glimmer of hope that was once in his eyes vanished instantly. 
Meanwhile, Sasha did not sleep well that night. 
She noticed that Lance was still very cold toward her, barely speaking to her during dinner. 
Perhaps he knew that Solomon hasn’t gone yet?
Sasha let out a sigh as she made up her mind to accept the oil tycoon’s project. With that, she would approach Andy regarding it once she arrived at the office tomorrow. Then, she could use that as an excuse to get someone else to take over Solomon’s case. 
The next day, Lance was still very cold toward Sasha when he took Vivian to preschool. 
“Hey, I’m going to take up the project today, and I’ll fly over to Corleon once I do.” 
“Really?” Lance’s eyes lit up. 
Sasha was amused when she noticed the change in his attitude. At the same time, she was rather touched as she knew only her family would be truly concerned about her. Solomon had lied to me in the past. Thus, it made sense that Lance didn’t welcome him into our home. 
Lance was overjoyed when he heard about Sasha’s decision and sent her to work with a smile hung on his face. 
True enough, Andy handed the project over to Sasha in a couple of hours. 
When Sasha was leaving the room, Andy stopped her in her tracks and said, “Nancy, I would suggest that you take a lawyer with you for this project.” 
“Why?” Sasha looked at him, confused. “Why do I need a lawyer? There has never been such a precedent before.” 
Andy nodded in agreement. 
He then quickly took out a faxed document from his drawer and handed it to her. 
“The company is located in a high-risk zone. So, they’re accustomed to on-the-spot transactions during business meetings. With a lawyer present, they can ensure the validity of the contract and the transaction.”
Wow, that’s pretty incredible! I didn’t know people over there conduct transactions on the spot! 
Sasha had no choice but to go with his idea. “Alright. Could you arrange a suitable candidate to tag along with me?” 
Andy grinned and replied, “Well, that has already been arranged.” 
“Who is it?” 
“Mr. George, of course. He’s one of the best lawyers in the country! I believe the meeting would be as smooth as butter if you have him by your side,” Andy exclaimed. 
With a strong urge to curse, Sasha secretly rolled her eyes. 
What’s going on, man? Why does it feel like I’m stuck with him forever? I have no patience left to deal with him anymore! 
Infuriated, she threatened Andy to get her a new lawyer, or he’d have to get another person to take over the project. 
Sure enough, Lance brought up Sasha’s new project when she got home. 
Sasha knew she couldn’t shrug this topic off easily without gaining suspicion from Lance, so she vaguely explained the situation to him and assured him that she had rejected Solomon as her lawyer for the project. She also told him that she had requested a new lawyer from Andy. 
Yet, Lance did not throw a tantrum when he heard her explanation. 
“Okay, I got it.” 
“Huh?”
Sasha could not wrap her head around his calm response. 
Why’s he not mad? 
###Chapter 371
Chapter 371
Meanwhile, Sasha had yet to get rid of the irritating man. 
The startled Sasha gasped out her reply, “Huh? Are you serious?” 
“I think it has something to do with their current situation—they need our help to keep things under control,” Andy made himself clear that Sasha needed to make her way over as soon as possible. 
Unable to turn him down, Sasha made her way back to the office to realize that Andy had everything, including the ticket ready on her behalf. 
To her surprise, he had gotten two tickets ready. 
“Y-You—” 
“Nancy, I know you’re against the idea of having Mr. George involved, but we don’t have time to get in touch with others. Just brace yourself through the trip with him.” 
Andy tried his best to console the infuriated Sasha when he figured out that she was about to lose her cool. 
Meanwhile, Solomon, who had long made his way to Andy’s office, brought himself up and greeted the duo when he heard their conversation, “Mr. Rind, It’s my honor to be of aid. I’m sure we’re going to get along with one another during the trip.” 
As much as she was against the idea, she had no choice but to have him join her for the trip as she couldn’t afford to put her career at stake.
Sasha, who was on her way to the airport with Solomon, wouldn’t stop calling Lance as she hadn’t informed him of her upcoming trip. 
“The number you have dialed is unavailable.” 
“The number you have—” 
Where the heck is Lance? Has something happened to him? Oh god! Should I make a trip home to make sure that everything’s fine before heading to the airport? Urgh! 
Solomon, who was seated next to Sasha, noticed that she had her eyes glued to her phone with her face scrunched up in irritation. After much hesitation, he asked, “What’s wrong? Is everything fine?” 
“I-It’s not a big deal, but I can’t seem to reach my cousin.” 
“Huh?” 
Solomon was thrilled as Sasha had responded to him. He asked, “Maybe his phone is out of service for the time being. Why don’t you go ahead and try to reach the landline instead? If you’re able to get through the landline, it’s safe to assume that your cousin is currently away from home.” 
Out of the blue, a light bulb went on in Sasha’s head when she heard him. 
The call got through within a few seconds. As no one picked up the call, it was safe to assume that Lance wasn’t home. 
Sasha felt a sense of relief and made up her mind to give it one last try the moment they reached the airport. 
Unable to contain his excitement anymore, Solomon looked out the window with his pair of eyes gleaming and a bright grin hanging on his face.
He was no longer the sulking man he had been throughout the past few days. 
Unfortunately, he was in a foul mood again the moment he saw someone as soon as they reached the airport. 
Startled by her cousin’s presence, Sasha stammered, “L-Lennie, what are you doing here? Did someone send you here? Aren’t you—” 
Unable to fathom the reason Lance was aware of their trip to Corleon, she gaped at his presence as he had reached the airport ahead of them. 
What is he doing here? He had been staying in his room since his return last night. I mean, he didn’t even show up this morning to send Vivi to preschool! Most importantly, how did he get here ahead of us? 
Lance glared at Sasha and asserted in a callous tone, “I found out that you’re making a trip abroad after getting in touch with your colleagues. Go get me a ticket as well.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless by her cousin’s instructions. 
On the other hand, Solomon couldn’t take it anymore. He stepped forward and explained, “Lance, I don’t think you’re supposed to tag along when we’re going there for business. It’s extremely dangerous. Also, don’t you have to look after Vivian?” 
As soon as Sasha recalled her daughter, she exclaimed, “He’s right, Lennie! Why don’t you stay here to keep Vivi company? If she can’t find us, I’m sure she’s going to—” 
She couldn’t even finish her sentence as her cousin interrupted her by asking with his brows furrowed, “Are you sure you’re not heading abroad for a leisure trip with him?” 
Lance didn’t even bother to choose his words. Instead, he remarked sarcastically as if he had intended to pick on Solomon.
Sasha thought she was hearing things as the rhetorical question Lance had directed at Solomon sounded more like a warning. 
Am I hearing things? Lance seems so different! Has he always been such a mean person? Although I have always allowed him to have his own way, I’m still older than him at the end of the day! Shouldn’t he show me some respect? 
Sasha looked at Lance in disbelief and reprimanded him, “Hello? Are you sure you’re allowed to talk to me in this manner? We’re going abroad for business! I need you to stay here and look after Vivi!” 
To her surprise, Lance asserted in a serious tone, “You don’t have to worry because I have sorted out everything before making my way here.” 
Once again, Sasha was rendered speechless by the domineering man’s reply as she knew she wouldn’t be able to change his mind. 
Well, he has been acting the same way since a few days ago. Forget about it. He’s only acting weird because Solomon’s joining my trip. 
Sasha paid no heed to Lance’s odd behavior and got him a ticket for the same flight without a second thought. 
After acquiring his ticket, Lance’s expression finally softened. 
###Chapter 372
Chapter 372
When the trio was about to board the plane, Lance noticed that Solomon’s seat was next to Sasha’s. Irritated, Lance snatched Solomon’s ticket away from him without hesitation. 
“Here’s your ticket!” 
Solomon couldn’t stand it anymore and asked, “Why?” 
However, the young man in front of him dismissed his question and showed the woman the way to their designated seats. 
As soon as Lance took his seat next to Sasha, he asserted, “It’s because I don’t want you anywhere near him.” 
“Y-You—” 
“Alright, shall we stop getting worked up over such a trivial issue? Solomon, can you please let him take your seat? It’s not a big deal, isn’t it?” 
Sasha, who was brought to her seat against her will, stopped the duo from bickering with one another since they were in the middle of a packed flight. 
Oh god! I don’t think I can take this anymore! 
Thankfully, Solomon stopped making a fuss and made his way to Lance’s seat after he took the latter’s ticket.
Sasha thought it was about time to give Lance a lecture, but he turned around and closed his eyes before she had the chance to say anything. 
What the hell? Since when did he turn into such an arrogant brat? 
Sasha could only let him off the hook for the time being. As soon as she sorted out everything in front of her, she reached for her laptop to work on the contract of the project. 
Halfway through her work, she felt something heavy on her shoulder. When she turned around, she found out that Lance had fallen asleep on her shoulder. 
Why is his cheek so cold? Has he fallen ill? 
As a doctor, Sasha figured out that something was wrong with Lance. 
However, when she reached over in an attempt to touch his forehead, the young man opened his eyes and asked, “What are you doing?” 
His glare sent a chill running down her spine, and she stuttered in return, “I-It’s nothing! I-I’m just trying to check on you and see if you’re sick!” 
Sasha couldn’t stop her heart from racing. 
Oh god! What the heck is wrong with me? Why am I afraid of him when he’s my freaking cousin? 
Sasha tried her best to regain her composure. The moment she turned around to check on him, he looked languid again, and she started to suspect that she had been hallucinating. 
Slouching against the seat, the seemingly exhausted young man answered, “I’m perfectly fine.” 
“Are you sure? If that’s the case, why is your body so frigid and sweaty? Have you caught a cold or something?”
Once again, when Sasha tried to place her hand on his forehead, he shrugged her off and insisted, “I’m fine! You know what? Just mind your own business and leave me alone!” 
Lance’s frustration and indifference were written all over his face. 
What is wrong with him? Is he irked by my presence? Has he forgotten that I’m his freaking elder cousin! He needs to learn to show me some respect! 
Initially, Sasha wanted to teach the arrogant young man a lesson, but she changed her mind when she surveyed her surroundings and noticed that the passengers around them had fallen asleep. 
Thus, she had no choice but to keep her rage to herself for the time being. Then she continued perusing the contract. 
A few hours later, they finally reached the airport of Corleon. 
“Nancy, things are quite complicated around here. I have reserved our accommodation for the trip upon touching down. Shall we head over to the hotel and get in touch with some reliable locals before heading over to meet the tycoon?” 
Solomon approached Sasha and told her their upcoming plan when it was about time to alight from the plane. 
As it was Sasha’s first visit to a warzone, she couldn’t help but worry about what awaited them. 
Thus, she agreed without a second thought, “Alright, I think that’s the best thing to do as well.” 
Lance wasn’t particularly against the idea. After sleeping throughout the entire flight, he was no longer as exhausted.
However, he remained silent while alighting from the flight. When he noticed that Solomon was about to help Sasha take her things, he got ahead of him and snatched them away. 
Solomon was at a loss for words at the young man’s odd behavior. 
On the other hand, Sasha urged, “We need to get going since it’s getting late. As soon as we reach the hotel, we’ll get in touch with the client and see if everything’s fine on his end.” 
She got ahead of the duo and alighted from the flight shortly after she made herself clear. 
Solomon had no intention of wasting his time picking on Lance, so he paid no heed to the young man and went after Sasha. 
Forget it. He’s just a meddlesome brat. 
Once they exited the airport, they hailed a cab and made their way to the hotel Solomon had reserved. 
In order to prove himself a reliable man, Solomon suggested getting in touch with their client on Sasha’s behalf. To his surprise, the arrogant brat finally stopped getting in his way. 
Instead, he brought their suitcases to their rooms and started indulging himself in doing nothing. 
###Chapter 373
Chapter 373
The anxious Sasha started pacing back and forth in the room. She asked, “Lennie, are you sure he’s going to be fine on his own? Will anything bad happen to him?” 
Lance, who was lying on the couch, furrowed his brows when he heard Sasha’s question. His abysmal pair of eyes flickered as he answered her query in a sarcastic manner, “If you’re worried about him, why don’t you hail a cab and go after him? I’m pretty sure you’ll make it in time if you depart immediately.” 
Alright, what the heck is wrong with him? Why won’t he stop picking on me? 
Instead of starting a fight, she got herself something to eat to make the most out of her limited time. 
“Lennie, grab something to eat! I’m sure you’re starving after such a long flight!” 
“Thanks, but no thanks.” 
Lance, who was seated on the couch, had his eyes glued to his phone with a frown as though he was occupied with something important. 
Sasha wondered if he was in the middle of another game. In the end, she placed his favorite sandwich and a cup of milk in front of him. 
In order to get herself ready for the appointment with her client, she headed into the bathroom to take a shower. 
Buzz! Buzz! 
All of a sudden, the phone she left behind started ringing.
Lance looked up and finally strode over after a few seconds since the caller showed no signs of giving up. 
“Hello?” 
The moment he picked up the phone, Solomon asked, “Lance? Where’s Sasha?” 
Lance looked in the direction of the bathroom and queried with a serious look, “What do you want from her?” 
“Can you get your cousin over at once? I need her to—” 
Solomon couldn’t even finish his sentence as Lance brought the conversation to an abrupt halt by hanging up the call. 
What the heck? Did he just hang up my call? What on earth is wrong with him? Is he out of his mind? 
I’ll let it slide if it’s something trivial, but I’m in the middle of something serious that requires Sasha’s attention! 
On the other hand, Sasha, who had just made her way out of the bathroom, noticed that someone had accessed her phone without her consent. 
She looked at Lance and asked, “Did anyone call me?” 
Lance had no intention to keep Sasha in the dark, so he answered with a deadpan look, “There was a call from Solomon.” 
Solomon? 
Sasha, who had put on a bathrobe, continued drying her hair and asked, “Has he mentioned anything? Is everything fine on his end?”
Initially, Lance had his eyes glued to his phone, but when he caught a whiff of Sasha’s unique scent, he instinctively raised his head and looked in her direction. 
He stared at the woman in front of him with his mouth agape while she asked, “Hello? Has he mentioned anything?” 
Sasha seemed to be unaware of Lance’s odd expression as the only concern she had in mind was the progress on Solomon’s end. 
To their surprise, they suddenly heard someone unlocking the door from outside. 
Before she could come to her senses, Lance, who was seated on the couch, dragged her into the bathroom against her will. 
He instructed, “Get dressed now!” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was utterly dumbfounded while the young man handed her a few garments as soon as he finished his sentence. 
Has he always been such a control freak? What’s wrong with wearing a bathrobe? 
Meanwhile, Solomon had made his way into the room. When he saw Lance strolling on his phone languidly with his legs crossed, he couldn’t take it anymore. 
He yelled, “Lance, what exactly are you up to? Why did you hang up my call? Weren’t you aware that I needed to reach Sasha urgently?” 
“Well, she was still in the middle of her shower. Should I have handed her the phone instead of hanging up the call?”
“Y-You—” 
Solomon was on the verge of losing his cool. Although Lance had a point, Solomon couldn’t help but wonder if the young man had been trying to get on his nerves. 
He took a deep breath in an attempt to regain his composure. 
I have handled all sorts of clients! There’s no way I can’t deal with a brat like him! 
As soon as he regained his composure, Solomon marched toward Lance and said, “I think we need to talk.” 
Lance responded with a nonchalant look and asked, “About what?” 
“What else can it be apart from your attitude toward me? Lennie, I know you’re holding a grudge against me for lying to your cousin previously. However, I won’t repeat such a mistake in the future.” 
“Are you sure you’re not trying to deceive me?” 
“Yes! Otherwise, why would I even tag along on the trip in the first place?” 
Solomon knew he had to patch things up with the young man, even if it would come at the cost of his dignity. Otherwise, the latter would get in his way in the future. 
Lance finally put his phone aside and responded with a smile when he heard Solomon’s explanation. 
“Indeed, your effort is quite commendable, but are you sure this isn’t part of your plan to prove yourself worthy?” 
“What do you mean?”
“You should know that. I mean, why did Andy choose you when he could have sent others to join Sha on the trip? I’m sure you volunteered yourself, didn’t you? That’s quite a commendable effort, Mr. George!” 
###Chapter 374
Chapter 374
Solomon couldn’t see the young man’s expression due to his fringe and his thick-framed glasses. 
Nonetheless, the sarcasm in the young man’s remark was evident. 
Upon hearing the innuendo in Lance’s words, Solomon turned pale as if he was slapped in the face. 
He stuttered in return, “Lance, y-you—” 
“That’s enough! Just give me a break!” Sasha, who had finally come out of the bathroom, yelled at the bickering duo with her face puckered in irritation. 
Lance responded with a smirk and stopped picking on Solomon. After that, he retrieved his phone and continued with what he was doing. 
The pale-faced Solomon, who had just embarrassed himself, started stuttering, “N-Nancy, I-I—” 
“Why don’t you tell me the outcome of your visit? Has the client made up his mind to carry on with the transaction?” 
“Yes! We’ll be heading over to meet him at the casino at 8 p.m.!” 
Solomon shared the great news with Sasha immediately. 
However, Sasha arched her brows in confusion when she heard that they would be heading over to the casino. 
Although she had never been there, she knew it was a place with an intricate network since it was a casino in the middle of a warzone. In short, there were a lot of variables associated with their upcoming
session. 
“Nancy, are you worried? It’s fine! I’ll get everything sorted out!” 
“Mr. George, thanks for the offer, but that won’t be necessary since Lance is around to keep me company. If there’s nothing else, why don’t you make your way back to Moranta first?” 
Nancy brought up her suggestion in a callous tone as if he was just another stranger. 
Solomon felt lightheaded, for his worst fear had become a reality. 
Indeed, he had shown up at Andy’s company using Prime Cloud Corporation’s bankruptcy as an excuse just to return to Sasha’s side. 
Initially, he thought things would go according to plan since Sasha was a simple-minded woman. 
It’s that rascal’s fault—he has ruined my flawless plan! 
While he was on his way out of the hotel, Solomon started emanating a menacing presence, intimidating those around him. 
Unable to keep his curiosity in check, his assistant asked, “Sir, we have executed the plan discreetly. Have you accidentally exposed yourself? How did Ms. Nancy figure it out?” 
Gritting his teeth in the car, Solomon answered, “It’s not her. It’s the rascal who has tagged along with her!” 
Lance? 
His assistant was taken aback when he realized that the one who had ruined their plan was a fresh graduate.
“What are we supposed to do next? Are we really leaving?” 
Staring at the bustling crowd on the streets, Solomon answered nonchalantly, “Get me a room for the night and send someone over to keep an eye on them. When they’re on their way to the casino, I want you to carry out our backup plan.” 
His assistant immediately knew what he was supposed to do. Soon, the car departed and disappeared amidst the busy streets. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and Lance, who were in their room, got themselves ready for the upcoming meeting. 
“Lennie, have you gotten me another attorney?” 
“Mmm!” 
Lance was no longer in a foul mood since Solomon was gone. 
Similarly, Sasha felt a sense of relief when she knew that Lance had acquired the aid of another attorney. 
Nonetheless, she couldn’t help but feel anxious prior to their departure. She wouldn’t stop surveying their room when it was time to leave. 
Seeing that, Lance came to a halt and asked, “Is there anything else you need?” 
Sasha retracted her gaze immediately and stuttered in return, “H-Huh? O-Oh! I-I was wondering if we need to bring along a knife or something else to defend ourselves just in case things spiral out of control?” 
Lance’s lips started twitching when he heard Sasha’s suggestion.
Is she trying to pull my leg or something? Is she not aware that we’re not allowed to bring any weapon into the casino? If we do so, we won’t even be able to enter the casino, let alone defend ourselves! 
Lance took a few seconds to gather his thoughts. While he suppressed his urge to make fun of Sasha, he asserted, “That’s not going to work. However, if you’re afraid, we can get someone from the mafia to keep us safe.” 
“A-Are you sure we can get someone like that to help us?” 
“Well, it depends if you have enough to offer!” 
“How much is it going to cost us?” 
“About a million for a night.” 
When Sasha heard him, she sprinted toward their room instantly. “What are you waiting for? I don’t mind spending a million to secure a deal worthy of ten million. After all, I still stand to gain nine million at the end of the day!” 
To his surprise, she didn’t even flinch and made up her mind in a split second. 
With that, the speechless Lance made his way back to the room and gathered the required sum. 
As soon as they had the money they needed, they took a detour to an alley and acquired the aid of a renowned hitman. He happened to be the best in the industry since no one had been able to defeat him. 
“What do you think?” 
Thrilled, Sasha didn’t even hesitate as she declared, “I think he’s the right candidate for the job since he’s the best! I’m just glad that we’ll be able to make it out of the casino unscathed!” 
###Chapter 375
Chapter 375
Half an hour later, the duo departed and made their way to the casino. 
It was a place with an intricate network since people from all walks of life had gathered there with different agendas. 
As soon as Sasha alighted from the car, she was stupefied by the lavish casino in front of her, where all sorts of luxury vehicles could be seen parked at the entrance. But the thing that took her by surprise the most was the door that was made out of gold. 
Oh god! Is this some sort of gold mine? 
As Sasha swallowed hard, she heard Lance asking, “What’s wrong? Are you afraid? “ 
Lance, who had been walking behind Sasha ever since they reached the casino, stepped forward and stood next to her when he noticed she stopping in her tracks. 
Sasha shook her head and rebuked, “That’s not the case! Come on! I’ll show you the way around!” 
Afraid of startling her younger cousin, she tried her best to put on a strong front. 
Are you kidding me? How am I supposed to close the deal if I chicken out now? 
After pulling herself together, she strode toward the entrance. 
Unfortunately, as soon as they approached the entrance, the bouncer, who had never seen them before, rushed over and stopped them from entering the casino. 
Subconsciously, she tapped on Lance’s shoulder and assured, “Don’t worry!”
Lance, who had been surveying the surroundings, looked at the hand on his shoulder when he felt someone grasping him out of nowhere. 
Sasha shared the reason for her visit with the man at the entrance. “Hi, we’re here to see someone!” 
“Someone? Who are you talking about?” 
“We’re here for Mr. Coyle! He has asked us to meet him in person here!” Sasha reached for Dickson’s name card and handed it over to the bouncer. 
I’m sure he has heard of this filthy rich tycoon since he’s a bigshot around here! 
“Mr. Coyle has been anticipating your arrival. Please head upstairs and meet him in Room 303.” 
Sasha secretly heaved a sigh of relief when the bouncer greeted her in a courteous manner and showed her the way upstairs once he saw the name card. 
Immediately, she marched into the casino with Lance. 
While they were making their way into the casino, she muttered, “Is it necessary to make a fuss out of everything? Lennie, you need to keep up with me, okay? If you’re lost, I might not be able to find you!” 
She had no idea that the young man behind her couldn’t move his eyes away from her hand that was gripping his wrist. 
It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to consider her hand miniature as it was merely half the size of his gigantic palm. 
Afraid of losing him, she refused to loosen her grip. Despite being anxious herself, she showed no signs of setting him free at all. 
Along the way, she repetitively reassured him that things would turn out just fine.
Silly woman! 
Despite having that thought, a smile crept up on Lance’s face. 
As soon as they reached the first floor, they found the designated room within a few minutes. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
“Who is it?” 
The duo could tell from the sound of cards being shuffled that the people inside the room were in the middle of a game. Immediately after they heard the knock, someone rushed over to answer the door. 
The moment Sasha saw a blondie answering the door, she introduced herself, “Hello, I’m here on behalf of Andy from Wall Street! I have an appointment with Mr. Coyle!” 
“Andy? You acquired the service of a third party?” 
The blondie responded with a frown and directed another question at those inside the room. 
Sasha, who had always been observant, figured out that something was wrong the moment she heard the blondie’s question. 
Did Dickson approach several companies at the same time? 
“Luna, please don’t blame me since I’m just trying to make the most out of the deal. Isn’t that how business works?” 
The moment Sasha pieced the puzzles together, a man with a bandana came to the door. 
He had no intention to keep Sasha in the dark and rushed over to wrap his arms around the blondie when he saw that she was irked.
Sasha’s mind was all over the place as she was equally frustrated. 
What the heck is wrong with this man? No! What the heck is wrong with Andy? Why did he collaborate with this man in the first place? 
Sasha had no intention to join the intimate duo in the room. She asked, “Mr. Coyle, if you’re going to collaborate with this gorgeous lady over here, allow me to excuse myself.” 
Having said that, she turned and left, which took the man by surprise. 
He didn’t expect Sasha to be such a bold woman. 
“Ms. Nancy, is it? I’m impressed! I’ll make you another offer since I like your attitude! How about two billion? What do you think?” 
Two billion? That’s a few folds of his initial offer! Damn! 
Tempted by the tycoon’s offer, Sasha brought herself to a halt. 
Standing behind her, Lance’s lips twitched involuntarily upon seeing that. 
In the end, Sasha joined the man in the room and found out that there were a few other guests as well. The moment she entered the room, they shifted their gazes to her. 
###Chapter 376
Chapter 376
One of them approached her and exclaimed, “It’s such a rare occasion to have an Astorian with us today!” 
“Actually, she seems quite young! Andy is quite a big shot on Wall Street, isn’t he? Why did he send a pretty young thing on his behalf? Has he a new kink or something?” 
The next moment, they felt someone behind the woman glaring at them. 
All of a sudden, they felt a chill running down their spines and went dead silent instantly. 
“Come over and join us, Ms. Nancy! Luna over here is trying to seal a deal with me as well! We’ll just see if you’re a match for her! If you’re able to outmatch her, I’ll seal the deal with you!” 
“What exactly are we supposed to do?” 
Sasha was confident that she would stand a chance against the blondie if she could help the tycoon gain a higher profit. 
Unfortunately, he suggested something else instead, “Since we’re at a casino, of course we’re going to gamble. They’re all my friends, and I’ll seal the deal with the one who’s able to outmatch them!” 
Has he lost his mind or something? 
Sasha stared at Dickson with widened eyes and retorted, “Mr. Coyle, don’t you think you should take this matter seriously when it involves more than two billion? On top of that, I don’t really how to play your games!”
Dickson replied with a frown, “It’s such a shame. On top of the two billion deal, I thought of offering the commission for the oilfield that I’ve won from them to the winner. But since you’re not interested, I’m afraid—” 
What the hell? Is he out of his mind? 
On the verge of throwing a fit, Sasha decided that it was time to leave the lunatics for good. 
However, a haughty voice broke the silence at that moment. “Don’t you think it’s too stingy of you to offer only the commission when you possess a freaking oilfield? If you’re willing to offer ten percent of future receivables, I’ll consider doing it.” 
To everyone’s surprise, the young man behind the helpless Sasha, Lance, volunteered to participate in their game. 
What does he think he’s doing? Is he really a match for them in gambling? 
Sasha tried to stop him, but it was too late as Dickson had shifted his gaze to Lance and asked, “You’ve got guts! Consider it a deal! But what if you’re not a match for my friends over here?” 
“You’ll get to seal the deal with that gorgeous lady over there! On top of that, I’ll get my cousin over here to work for you for free for two years! She’s one of the best in the industry and the prodigy of Wall Street!” 
Sasha was on the verge of going berserk when Lance wagered her future without her consent. 
She started strangling him and yelled, “What the heck do you think you’re doing, Lance? Have you lost your mind or something?” 
Lance shrieked in pain, “Let go of me!” 
“No! I’m not going to do that until you take back your words!”
Unable to withstand the racking sensation he felt, he grasped Sasha’s wrist and asserted in a hushed voice, “Just take it easy! I have everything under control!” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in disbelief. She looked him in the eye and asked, “What do you mean you have everything under control when you’re not even aware of the game rules?” 
“It’s a piece of cake since I’m good at games! Just leave the rest to me and allow me to make you a filthy rich woman overnight!” 
Letting her go, he marched his way to join the rest at the table. 
It took Sasha a few minutes to snap out of her bewilderment. As soon as she returned to her senses, she rushed over and took a seat behind him. 
Truth be told, Dickson and his friends weren’t the only ones who enjoyed wagering their fortunes for fun. 
Since the country had been blessed with an abundance of natural resources, the citizens had long gotten used to having such exciting games as their favorite pastime. 
Dickson must have set us up since he had lost in a few matches against his friends. I think he’s using us to get back the things he has lost. 
Sasha, who was seated next to Lance, was on pins and needles since a person’s luck was crucial in probability games. 
Soon, the players, including Lance, acquired their cards from the croupier. Lance carried himself as if it was nothing more than a casual game. 
However, the blondie started frowning as soon as she took a peek at her cards. As expected, she was eliminated after another few rounds.
Sasha was confused when Lance and two of Dickson’s friends were the only ones left in the game. 
However, she wasn’t as anxious as before after seeing her cousin’s calm demeanor. 
Toward the end of the game, Lance had merely a few cards left with him. 
“Mr. Wand, are you sure you want to keep going? You’re aware you’re not going to defeat me even with a royal flush, aren’t you?” 
When Dickson’s friends found out that Lance only had two cards left, they couldn’t resist the urge to make fun of him. 
As soon as Dickson heard his friends’ sarcastic remarks, his expression darkened as well. 
H-Huh? What’s going on? Are we in trouble? 
Sensing the uneasiness in the air, Sasha’s heart sank to the bottom of her stomach. 
###Chapter 377
Chapter 377
After Lance dealt the only cards he had, the duo burst out laughing because their speculations were spot on. 
“Hahaha! You have lost again! In other words, we’re going to gain ownership of another oilfield of yours, Dickson!” 
“Why are you guys so excited when it’s not even over yet? Allow me to show both of you how I’m going to turn the tables against all odds!” 
The moment Lance started running his fingers across the cards he had dealt, the combination of cards turned into a royal flush, which happened to be the rarest and strongest hand in poker. 
What’s going on? 
There was an uproar coming from the onlookers in the room. Similarly, Dickson stared at the cards with his eyes widened in disbelief. 
“What’s going on? What just happened to the cards?” 
“Isn’t it obvious? Someone has been messing with your cards!” Lance reached for another few cards and started separating the cards with his slender fingers. 
Sasha had her eyes glued to his fingers while Dickson started examining the cards Lance had just separated in front of everyone. 
Suddenly, the infuriated Dickson turned around and glared at his friends. He yelled, “Have you been cheating throughout the games?”
“N-No! It’s not what it looks like!” 
“Stop making excuses to deceive me when the truth is as clear as day!” The wrathful tycoon went berserk in front of everyone and hurled a chair in the direction of his friends. 
Lance knew things had spiraled out of control. Immediately after he grasped the dazed woman next to him, he dragged her out of the room with all his might. 
“It’s time to go!” 
“H-Huh?” 
Sasha, who was still in a state of bewilderment, had something else in mind which was equally mind- blowing as the fact that Lance had exposed the duo cheating. 
She couldn’t snap out of her trance ever since that particular thought crossed her mind a few minutes ago. 
Bang! 
As things got increasingly intense upstairs, gunshots could be heard firing just moments after they fled the scene. 
When Lance heard it, he dashed down the stairs with Sasha as quickly as possible. 
All of a sudden, someone in the jam-packed casino yelled, “They’re coming again! Hurry up and run for your life!” 
Seconds later, all hell broke loose in the casino as everyone started running in different directions. To make things worse, gunshots could be heard outside the casino. 
Holy moly! Why did I even agree to make the trip in the first place?
Only then did Sasha return to her senses and feel her legs turning to jelly. With that, she collapsed onto the ground in fright. After all, she had never been to a warring country before. 
Lance pulled her over with all his might and yelled, “Sasha!” 
Slouching against the man, she felt a sense of security when she caught a whiff of a familiar scent coming from him. 
Sasha was lost in thought again and snapped out of it only after they made their way into a car. 
She couldn’t recall anything apart from the fact that she had been carried and brought out of the casino. 
While Lance fastened the seatbelt for her, he noticed her eyes flickering and gazed at her with concern. “How are you feeling?” 
His chest heaved while he panted for breath. 
When Sasha raised her head and looked at him, she caught a whiff of blood. Immediately, she asked, “Are you hurt?” 
She started scrutinizing the man in front of her, her face puckered in fear. 
Lance waved dismissively and started wiping the blood off his wounds. 
“It’s just a bruise. We should consider ourselves lucky since we’re able to make it out unscathed when the casino has been blown into pieces,” he replied calmly. 
The casino has been blown up? 
Sasha started shivering in fear when she heard that, and it took her a few minutes to gather her thoughts.
“H-How did we manage to make it out alive?” 
“Have you forgotten the hitman we hired?” 
“Oh! So we’re alive because of him! Well, I guess he’s the best for a reason, huh? I’m glad we didn’t spend that one million for nothing!” 
Sasha started jumping for joy, but the young man in front of her went dead silent. 
When Sasha glanced at him, a thought struck her. She started searching high and low for something and asked, “Where’s my phone? Have you seen my phone?” 
“Why do you need your phone?” 
“We need to board the next available flight and get ourselves out of here as soon as possible! Otherwise, we won’t even last another day!” Immediately after she retrieved her phone, she started purchasing the tickets for the next available flight. 
Lance stopped her and took her phone away when he heard her plan. 
###Chapter 378
Chapter 378
“Are you going to leave the money behind?” 
As soon as Sasha heard him, her expression darkened. She asked in return, “What money are you talking about? The deal with the tycoon? I’m afraid Dickson has been blown into pulps, hasn’t he?” 
Meanwhile, Lance accessed her phone and canceled the reserved seats without a second thought. 
“He’s not dead. In fact, he made it out of the casino before us.” 
“Huh?” Sasha’s eyes gleamed in excitement when she heard the great news. 
In the end, they made up their mind to pay the tycoon a visit the next day. For the time being, they would take shelter in the hotel. 
On the other hand, Solomon had been waiting for updates regarding the incident from his subordinates. 
When he found out that Lance and Sasha had made it out of the casino unscathed, he asked with a frown, “Did he bring her out on his own?” 
His assistant shook his head and explained, “We were waiting for Ms. Nancy as per your instructions. However, a bunch of men showed up out of nowhere and escorted them out of the casino in the nick of time.” 
“A bunch of men?” 
Once again, Solomon was startled by what he heard.
It turned out that he was behind the commotion that had occurred. It wasn’t much of a surprise for the militants to get instigated easily since they were in the middle of a warzone. 
He was certain that if he rushed over to Sasha’s rescue, she would stop turning him down. 
What’s with that brat, Lance? Why did a bunch of men show up out of nowhere and rush over to their rescue? 
Solomon probed further, “Have you figured out the identity of the mysterious bunch?” 
“Lance spent a million to hire a hitman to keep them safe. He’s supposed to be the best in the industry.” 
Solomon asked rhetorically with a scowl, “Ha! You don’t think that’s all there is to that, do you?” 
The assistant was at a loss for words. 
It does sound baffling… 
Who are the mysterious men who showed up out of nowhere? On top of that, they had guns with them! Even our men might not be a match for them in terms of combat skills! 
Soon, Solomon’s assistant disappeared into the dark, leaving him alone. 
Gritting his teeth, he repeated the name of a particular man while he stared at the pile of rubble before him, “Lance!” 
Sasha had a long night as she couldn’t stop herself from recalling the chaotic situation they were in a few hours ago. 
On top of that, she kept recalling the time the slender fingers ripped the cards into pieces.
Out of the blue, the owner of the hands showed up in front of her and took her by surprise with his familiar scent. 
But when she looked at him, she noticed that his face was drenched in blood. 
“Sebastian! No!” 
As she shrieked, she jolted out of her dream. 
It was morning by then, and she had a hard time opening her eyes to the room that had been illuminated by the shaft of light beaming through the windows. 
After spending another few minutes in bed to gather her thoughts, she went to the washroom to wash up. 
As much as she wished to forget the nightmare, it was way too surreal for her to do so. 
Was it really just a dream? 
Sasha turned on the tap and started washing her face to stop herself from recalling the horrifying moments she experienced in the casino. 
Ten minutes later, Lance showed up with breakfast and asked, “What are you doing?” 
“H-Huh? I’m just getting dressed!” Sasha was in a state of bewilderment when he barged into her room. His presence took her by surprise, and she rushed into the bathroom again. 
Hello? Can he knock on my door instead of barging into my room without my consent? 
Sasha regretted showing him her pale and haggard look. 
There’s no way I’m showing him this side of me! I need to get myself ready as soon as possible!
The thought of dolling herself up for the young man had never occurred to her up until that moment. 
Meanwhile, Lance couldn’t be bothered with the fleeing woman. He placed the meal he had bought her on the coffee table before he sat down on the couch and checked his phone. 
Someone had sent him a text message: Are you okay? 
Lance replied: I’m fine. 
Then he received another message: I was only informed of the situation that had occurred in Corleon in the middle of the night. I couldn’t reach you since your phone was switched off. Speaking of which, we have figured out the identity of the ones behind the attack. We think they’re a bunch of retired militants. 
Halfway through their conversation, the person on the other end revealed some newfound information and sent him a photo. 
What are the retired militants trying to achieve by doing that? 
When the young man was about to take a good look at the photo, the woman made her way out of the bathroom and asked, “Lennie, when are we making our way to Dickson’s place?” 
Sasha, who had dolled herself up, no longer looked pale and haggard. Right then, she was wearing a white shirt and a pair of jeans with her hair tied up. 
The young man was dazed momentarily when he caught a glimpse of her slender pair of legs and slightly visible collarbone. 
He secretly gulped at the beautiful woman in front of him. 
###Chapter 379
Chapter 379
“Shall we find out his current whereabouts or inform him of our arrival first? I mean, we’re not supposed to show up unannounced after such a horrifying incident, right?” 
Sasha had no idea about the things going on in the young man’s mind as she was busy sorting out their plan for the day. 
Immediately after Lance heard her question, he returned to his senses and looked at the meal he had bought her. Then, he suggested, “Why don’t you have your meal first?” 
“O-Oh, okay.” Sasha finally recalled that she had not eaten anything since the incident yesterday. 
After grabbing her breakfast, she made her way to the coffee table and took a seat next to him. 
The breakfast he had bought was rather plain since the locals had gotten used to skipping breakfast. To be precise, they spent most of their time in the morning sleeping after having a wild night out. 
Sasha had conducted her due diligence prior to their trip, but she was still taken by surprise upon seeing her breakfast. 
When she saw that there were only a few chunks of meat alongside some tortilla wraps, she asked, “Are these all they have to offer?” 
The young man remarked in a sarcastic manner, “What sort of meal are you expecting? You don’t think we’re here for a leisure trip, do you?” 
Sasha was rendered speechless and decided to make do with the meal as long as it could give her the energy she needed for the day.
She reached for the tortilla wrap and tried to make herself a decent tortilla, but she just couldn’t do it right. 
For some reason, she ended up making a mess despite her efforts. 
“What’s wrong with this? Why can’t I seem to do it right?” 
The young man, who was occupied with his phone, was at a loss for words when he heard her questions. 
Moments later, he put his phone aside and wore the disposable glove to make the tortilla for the clumsy woman. 
Sasha couldn’t move her eyes away from him as he managed to put everything in place effortlessly. 
Once he was done, he handed it over to her and said after removing his glove, “There you go!” 
Sasha was utterly dumbfounded. Inexplicably, she had her eyes glued to his hands again as she offered, “I’ll go get you something to wipe the sauce off your hands.” 
Immediately after she brought herself up, she retrieved a pack of wet tissue and rushed back to his side. 
Unaware of her thoughts, he got himself a few tissues to wipe his hand clean. 
As soon as Sasha caught a glimpse of his slender fingers and nails that had been trimmed to perfection, a buzzing sound echoed in her head again. 
She hadn’t been able to verify her speculation since things were extremely chaotic yesterday. On top of that, she thought it was impossible and wondered if she had been seeing things again. 
Now that she had the chance to inspect his hands at such a close distance, she couldn’t move her eyes away from them.
When he caught her staring at his hands, he asked, “What do you want from me? Can you hurry up and finish your meal? We need to get going already.” 
It was then that she snapped out of her thoughts and started savoring the wrap he had made her. 
No! It can’t be! I must be seeing things again! 
She stuffed the wrap into her mouth while she convinced herself that she had been hallucinating again. 
It’s impossible for my cousin to be him! On top of that, his memories have been erased against his will! So there’s no way he’s that man! 
Sasha kept telling herself that she was overthinking again. 
Half an hour later, they finally departed from the hotel. 
Horrified by the incident yesterday, Sasha asked, “Since we’re meeting Dickson in his office this time, we should be fine, right?” 
Lance responded with a nod and looked out the window. 
Although one of Dickson’s friends had passed on while the other one was gravely injured, he didn’t think that they would go after him. After all, he had nothing to do with it. 
Soon, the duo made their way to the office of the bigshot. 
“Hello, I’m Nancy, and I’m here on behalf of Andy! I have an appointment with Mr. Coyle!” 
“Hello, Ms. Nancy! Mr. Coyle has been anticipating your arrival! Allow me to show you the way to his office!”
As soon as Sasha approached the receptionist and introduced herself, the receptionist brought them to Dickson’s office. 
She was relieved as everything was going smoothly. 
“Ms. Nancy, I owe you a big one since you helped me secure the ownership of my oilfield! I’ll honor my promise and seal the deal with you! On top of that, I’ll allow you to get a share of the future receivables of that said oilfield!” 
Woohoo! 
Sasha couldn’t believe that she was merely a step away from becoming filthy rich. 
After the beaming woman took a glance at the young man behind her, she signed the contract she had prepared beforehand. 
Once they had everything sorted out, she made her way to the financial department to collect the check. 
###Chapter 380
Chapter 380
“Lennie, just stay right here until I’m back. I’ll be heading over to the financial department to collect the check.” 
“Mmm.” 
Lance, who was occupied with his phone, hummed in response. 
The moment she reached the financial department, the entire building started shaking, accompanied by a thunderous bang. 
“What’s going on? Are we under attack?” 
“Someone has blown up the building! They’re fighting again!” 
The person’s words indicated that it wasn’t the first time such a thing had occurred. 
Within a few seconds, all hell broke loose in the building. 
Immediately after Sasha retrieved the check, she put it into her bag along with the contract and rushed in the direction of the entrance. 
However, the petite woman ended up being shoved to the side by the crowd before she could reach the entrance. 
To make things worse, the ones outside started firing shots at those in the building. 
Bang!
When Sasha witnessed a woman collapsing in front of her the moment she was shot in the head, she covered her mouth and started retching in disgust. 
This is horrifying! Where the heck am I? Why are we under attack in an office? 
Overwhelmed with fear, she started shaking involuntarily. 
No! I can’t die just yet! Lance needs me! I need to make my way back to him! He’s still waiting for me upstairs! 
Initially, her mind was all over the place, but at the thought of returning to her cousin, she braced herself and made her way up the stairs. 
When she was about to dash upstairs, a man shattered the window and barged into the office out of nowhere. He grabbed her hand and yelled, “Nancy, we need to hurry up and make our way out!” 
The moment the startled Sasha returned to her senses, she asked the man behind her, “H-Huh? Solomon? What are you doing here?” 
Solomon had no intention of explaining himself. Instead, he took her away against her will, jumping out of the window while holding her in his arms. 
Sasha was in a state of bewilderment at the turn of events. 
Only after Solomon brought her into the car and departed did she finally snap out of her trance. 
“Where are you bringing me? Lance is still in the building! Stop the car at once! I need to make my way back to Lance!” 
As soon as she came to her senses, she yelled at the man to bring her back to the building.
Nonetheless, Solomon showed no signs of giving in since he had gone to great lengths to save her amidst the chaos. 
He locked the door and said, “Nancy, listen to me! We have to leave first! I’ll send someone else to save him!” 
“No! I want you to stop the car at once! Now!” 
Unable to keep her cool, Sasha shrieked at the top of her lungs. 
A while ago, Lance saw the duo making their escape after trudging his way through the rubbles and making his way to the financial department. 
His eyes that were drenched in blood turned icy gradually. Truth be told, he could have easily made his way out of the building unscathed the moment all hell broke loose in the building. 
A jump out of the window was all it would take for him to escape. In spite of the danger he would be putting himself in, he insisted on making his way downstairs just to ensure that Sasha was safe. 
To his surprise, she had escaped with another man and left him alone. 
He responded with a self-deprecating smirk and removed his glasses after the blood in his eyes started flowing out. 
After that, he peeled off the mask he had been wearing. 
It turned out that he wasn’t Lance. Despite his pale and haggard face, he still looked ethereal with his perfect facial features. 
Casting his mask onto the floor nonchalantly, he made his way out of the building determinedly.
After half an hour, Sasha finally returned to the building. 
Solomon was against the idea of sending her back, but he had to give in since she started retaliating by smashing the window with all her might until she bled. 
She knew a lot of things could have occurred within half an hour. By then, the ones who launched the attack were nowhere to be seen. 
Thirty minutes was all it took to turn a lavish-looking building into a pile of rubble full of corpses and injured victims. 
Where the heck is Lance? 
As soon as Sasha saw the survivors, she staggered her way over to them and asked, “Where’s Lance? Where is he? Has anyone seen Lance?” 
In a panic, she asked every single person she met as she made her way into the building. 
Unfortunately, luck wasn’t on her side as she couldn’t get anything on her cousin. After all, no one would pay attention to others when their own lives were at stake. 
Sasha was unable to keep her cool anymore. Without hesitation, she dashed into the building in an attempt to locate Lance. 
When Solomon figured out what she had in mind, he rushed over and stopped her. “Nancy, you’re not supposed to go in! It’s still—” 
“Get the hell out of my sight!” 
###Chapter 381
Chapter 381
All of a sudden, the woman on top of the pile of rubble turned around and glared at the man with bloodshot eyes. 
Why is she holding a grudge against me when I have done her a huge favor by rescuing her in the nick of time? 
Her response took him by surprise and rendered him incapable of motion. 
Sasha grabbed the opportunity and continued searching for Lance. 
Truth be told, no one could possibly make it out alive since the militants had blown up the entire place into pieces. It was an impossible mission to locate the survivors without the aid of professionals. 
Nevertheless, Sasha had no intention to give up and continued digging her way through the pile of rubble with her bare hands. 
As a result, the disheveled woman ended up with bruises and cuts all over her body. 
When she was about to climb her way through a narrow passage and make her way to Dickson’s office, she heard someone yelling at her in a familiar voice, “What are you doing?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha, who was on top of an air conditioning pipe, shuddered instantly. 
When she turned around after a few seconds, she saw a familiar figure with a disheveled appearance looking at her.
Although he was drenched in blood, she could see his eyes gleaming in the dark. 
“Lennie! It turns out that you’re fine! Boohoo—” 
Sasha burst into tears, hugging the air conditioning pipe. The woman in her mid-twenties started crying like a helpless little girl. 
As the emotions she had been holding back came flooding out, no longer could she pull herself together anymore. 
Lance finally made his way to her and brought the woman down. As he did so, he couldn’t help but wonder how she managed to get up there in the first place. 
“What are you doing on top of the air conditioning pipe?” 
Immediately after he brought her down, he noticed that she had bruises and cuts all over her body. Instantly, the color drained from his lips. 
Unable to stop herself from weeping, Sasha sniffled when she heard his question. “I was trying to find you! I thought you were dead! W-Where have you been?” 
As soon as she finished her question, she started wailing at the top of her lungs again. 
Initially, Lance felt a strong urge to take things out on her, but when he saw her weeping in front of him, he stopped holding a grudge against her. 
Knowing that she truly cared about him, his rage vanished into thin air. 
“I had been staying in the corner over there.” 
“Huh?” Sasha wiped her tears dry and asked, “Y-You had been staying over there? W-Why didn’t you look for me? W-Weren’t you worried about me at all?”
I can’t believe that’s what she’s thinking right now… 
He did not feel like answering her questions. After he took a peek at her bruised legs, he removed his shirt and placed it over them. 
Instead of answering her, he suggested, “It’s time to make our way back to the hotel.” 
Sasha was slightly upset when he dismissed her questions. However, she thought it wouldn’t be wise to make a fuss out of something so trivial. 
She knew that they had no other choice but to go back to the hotel. But the moment she inched closer to him, she noticed the wound on his forehead. 
Immediately, she asked, “Are you hurt as well? Come over and let me have a look.” 
The moment she stretched out her hand in an attempt to check his wounds, he inched away from her. 
He asserted, “It’s not a big deal! I’ll tend to it as soon as we’re back at the hotel.” 
As the young man crouched down and removed her pair of shoes, the confused woman felt the racking sensation in her feet. 
Only then did she realize that her feet had been injured all this while. 
“O-Ouch—” 
Once again, her eyes started brimming with tears. 
As Lance glared at her, he felt a strong urge to reprimand her for not taking care of herself. 
Has she lost her mind or something? How was she not aware that she is heavily injured?
He was on the verge of losing his cool, but he tried his best to suppress his wrath when he saw her pair of teary eyes. It was evident that she had been having it tough without him by her side. 
He suggested, “I think you have accidentally hurt yourself. We’ll take a detour to the hospital before returning to the hotel.” 
“Now?” 
After surveying the surroundings, Sasha deemed the idea impossible as there weren’t any cars available. Out of the blue, she saw Solomon in front of them the moment she raised her head. 
Solomon mustered his courage and made his way over in a final attempt to earn their trust. “Nancy, allow me to give you a ride to the hospital.” 
To his dismay, the woman, who had been conversing in a gentle tone with the young man next to her, retracted her gaze the moment she saw him. 
It seemed as though she would turn into another person whenever Solomon was around. 
“Lennie, can you carry me on your back? I’m afraid we won’t be able to hail any cab here, but we can head over to the streets nearby to try our luck.” 
“Okay.” 
Lance brought himself up and lifted Sasha in his arms instead of carrying her on his back. 
What is he doing? 
Sasha’s eyes widened in shock. 
As she wrapped her arms around his neck, she could feel her heart racing as though it was about to jump out of her throat.
###Chapter 382
Chapter 382
What the heck is wrong with me? Why am I getting flustered when he’s my freaking cousin? You need to calm down, Sasha! 
In an attempt to calm herself, she looked elsewhere to avoid her cousin’s gaze. 
“Sir?” 
Meanwhile, Solomon’s assistant, who stopped the car in front of the pile of rubble, noticed that he had his eyes fixated on something. 
His assistant couldn’t help but wonder if Solomon’s plan had failed once again. 
The moment his assistant approached Solomon, he asked, “Have you figured out the identity of the mysterious men?” 
“My apologies, but we couldn’t find out their whereabouts since they have been conducting their operations in secret.” 
Solomon’s assistant started perspiring in fear as he wasn’t able to complete the assigned task. 
Truth be told, he was surprised that there was not a single piece of information on the mysterious bunch after he spent an entire day investigating them. 
In spite of being adequately influential, their effort was to no avail as there was nothing they could learn about the mysterious men. 
All of a sudden, Solomon muttered, “He has made it out alive once again.”
His assistant gaped at Solomon’s statement and said in disbelief, “What?” 
He escaped again? 
How can that be? We only informed the militants after they had entered the building! It’s impossible for him to make it out alive without help! 
When his assistant was lost in thought, Solomon added, “On top of that, he came back.” 
His confused assistant asked, “What do you mean?” 
Ignoring his assistant’s question, Solomon immersed himself in his thoughts. 
I have been observing Lance throughout the past few days. It’s obvious that he has never once thought of Sasha as his cousin. 
It’s not surprising for Lance to get full of himself in front of me. However, he couldn’t care less to show Sasha some respect even when I wasn’t around. 
In fact, he seemed irked by Sasha’s presence. Why would someone hold such a strong grudge against his cousin? 
That was why I came up with this plan in order to find out the truth. 
Immediately after I took her away and left him behind, despair was written all over the young man’s face! 
When we fled without him, I saw him glaring in our direction with his hatred-filled eyes! It was as though the last shimmer of hope in him was gone. 
I thought he would be out of the picture after that. However, he came back for her even when she only returned half an hour later.
There’s no way they’re just cousins! I’m sure there’s something going on behind the scenes! 
As Solomon went dead silent, his assistant continued asking, “W-Who’s the young man? Is he really just a fresh graduate?” 
Solomon answered with a vicious smirk, “I have never once believed that!” 
“What do you mean?” 
“I need to verify his identity! If he’s indeed the person I have in mind, it’s time to—” Out of the blue, a strong murderous intent could be seen in his glistening pair of eyes. 
Solomon’s assistant understood his words immediately. 
If he’s really the one we have been searching for, we no longer have to waste our time and effort to locate him! 
On the other hand, the duo at the hospital found out that Sasha sustained a severe injury after a piece of fractured cement pierced through her foot. 
Previously, she couldn’t feel the pain at all because the only thing she had in mind was locating her cousin. 
“You need to refrain from engaging in vigorous activities for the time being. Keep your wound dry at all times and change the wound dressing frequently.” 
After the doctor had Sasha’s injury treated and handed the prescribed medicine to her, he dismissed them. 
However, Lance was against the idea and insisted on having Sasha hospitalized for the night. “What the heck is wrong with the doctor? How can he turn us away when you’re heavily injured?”
Sasha tried to talk some sense into Lance, “It’s fine! I mean, just take a look at the patients here! You don’t seriously think the hospital can accommodate me, do you? Since I’m also a doctor, I can just take care of myself!” 
After she repetitively reassured him, he finally relented. 
As soon as they returned to the hotel, Sasha, who couldn’t wait to get out of the warring country, purchased tickets for the next available flight back to their home country. 
This time, Lance didn’t stop her from doing so. Instead, he made his way back to his room. 
Someone is coming after you. 
The moment he returned to his room, he received a text from a certain someone. 
Is that so? 
A disdainful smirk crept up on his face. Instead of getting worked up, he calmly tossed his phone aside and went into the bathroom. 
When he finally came out ten minutes later, the person on the other end seemed to have sorted out everything on his behalf. 
Nonetheless, when he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror, he frowned and retrieved his phone, drafting another text. 
Lance: Where’s the Crimson Pimpernel? 
His subordinate: Huh? What do you need from him? 
Lance: I need another mask since the one I have has been ruined.
His subordinate was on pins and needles as it was no easy task to acquire the aid of the Crimson Pimpernel. In fact, it took them a few days to persuade the Crimson Pimpernel to make them two masks. 
How are we supposed to locate the Crimson Pimpernel? Isn’t he aware that it’s going to cost us a fortune just to acquire a mask that suits him seamlessly! 
###Chapter 383
Chapter 383
Sasha finally booked flight tickets to depart tonight. 
She thought she had to leave as soon as possible because the place was unsafe. 
After booking the flight tickets, Sasha began to pack her things. 
However, it was inconvenient because she could only stand with one leg. Hence, she went to the next room to ask Lance to pack their belongings together 
“Lennie, what are you doing now? Can you help pack the luggage for me?” 
Sasha hopped on a single leg to the next room and knocked on the door twice, yet no one responded. 
It appeared that no one was in the room. 
That’s wired. Where is he? 
Sasha turned around and hopped back to her room to get the room card. 
In fact, Sasha and Lance always gave a spare room card to each other whenever they were outside. 
When Sasha opened the door, she was shocked to see that the room was pitch dark. Although it was bright outside, Lance deliberately pulled the curtains to block out any light. 
“Lennie, what are you doing? Why did you pull the curtains?” Sasha fumbled her way in and wanted to open the curtains. 
“Don’t do it. I want to sleep. My head hurts!” Lance finally responded.
However, Sasha could hear that Lance’s throat was tightened, probably because he wasn’t feeling well. 
Ah? Headache? 
Sasha recalled that Lance’s forehead was injured. As such, she stopped opening the curtains and came up to Lance. 
Sasha’s eyes had gradually adapted to the darkness because she had been in the room for some time. At present, she could vaguely see where Lance was and his face. 
“Is your forehead hurt? I asked you to let a doctor check up on you, but you didn’t listen. See, you have a headache now,” 
Sasha came up to the bed and said to Lance caringly, but he ignored her completely. 
Annoyed by her nagging, Lance turned around and had his back on Sasha. 
What a rascal! 
As Sasha was a little anxious, she pulled his blanket away and said, “Lance, turn around and let me see!” 
With that, she wanted to turn on the light next to the bed. 
All of a sudden, Lance lifted his hand to grab Sasha’s slender wrist. Then, he mustered up his strength to pull Sasha onto his bed. 
“Ah…” 
“You’re noisy. Didn’t you hear me saying that I’m fine?”
Lance pinned Sasha on the bed and nearly pressed against her with his body entirely. Although there was a blanket in between them, she could feel his heat. 
At that moment, Sasha’s mind went blank. 
“Lennie, you…” 
“Keep quiet. My hurt hurts now,” Lance added impatiently but slightly loosened his grip. 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief but dared not move, for she felt that Lance was still grabbing her arm. 
Lance was either worried that Sasha would annoy him if he let go of her or feeling extremely unwell. 
Sasha felt silent while maintaining the weird posture on the bed. She intended to wait until Lance fell asleep to leave the bed. 
Unexpectedly, she fell asleep ten minutes later. 
After all, she had gone through a terrifying incident today and was also tired because dusk had fallen. 
As Sasha breathed steadily, the man, who lay by her side, lifted the blanket and opened his eyes. 
He wasn’t Lance but someone who looked graceful and handsome. 
However, there was a glint in his eyes. 
Shortly afterward, Sasha unknowingly snuggled up to the man like a kitten. 
The man fluttered his eyelashes, turned around, and took Sasha into his arms. 
“Mmm…”
Perhaps due to the familiar warmth, Sasha, who was sleeping soundly, couldn’t help but snuggle up to him closer. 
Instantly, the man’s eyes darkened. 
This damned woman! 
He hugged her tighter and buried his face in her neck to indulge himself in her scent. Eventually, both of them slept soundly on the bed. 
Roxanne, who was in Avenport, felt that something was off after Sebastian left on a business trip for the third day. 
“Wendy, is Mr. Hayes not back yet?” 
“Not yet. What’s wrong, Ms. Rocke?” 
At that moment, Wendy was cleaning the second floor. She felt a little bewildered, for Roxanne came out from the study with two bottles of medicine in her hands. 
###Chapter 384
Chapter 384
Why did she get the pills early in the morning? 
Meanwhile, Roxanne’s expression darkened upon seeing the two bottles of medicine that she prescribed for Sebastian. 
Although Sebastian was okay throughout the month, he still had to take medicine for the time being. After all, mental illness wouldn’t go away entirely but only subside until the patients’ bodies could produce certain hormones at a normal rate. 
Therefore, Roxanne had been prescribing medicine for Sebastian throughout the month. 
Roxanne grabbed the two bottles of medicines and went to Hayes Corporation. 
She arrived at the penthouse suite of Hayes Corporation half an hour later. 
“Mr. Scott, please be honest with me—where is he now? He said he would leave for only two days. Now that it’s already the third day, why hasn’t he come back? Do you know he has to take his medicine every day?” 
“Ah?” 
Cold sweat was dripping down Luke’s forehead. 
Although Luke was aware of Sebastian’s schedule, he couldn’t control the turn of events—Sebastian couldn’t return as planned due to some emergencies.
Luke tried his best to explain, “Ms. Rocke, Mr. Hayes has indeed planned to go on a business trip for two days. However, he has to delay his plan because something untoward happened.” 
Luke didn’t lie, for Sebastian told him so before he left. 
Initially, the business trip wasn’t on Sebastian’s schedule at all. 
Sebastian decided to leave at the last minute only after someone from Moranta met him specifically. Besides, it was supposed to be a short trip, for Sebastian planned to come back once he finished dealing with the matter. 
Nonetheless, no one expected something untoward from happening. 
Roxanne stared at Luke doubtfully. “Is there anything more important than Sebastian’s health? Do you know the consequences that he stops taking medicine? Is this how you be his secretary?” 
Anger clouded Roxanne’s face, and she couldn’t help but scold Luke right away. 
Luke was scared to death. After quite some time, he asked feebly, “In that case… what should we do?” 
“What should we do? We’ve to ask him to come back as soon as possible! You can also tell me where he is now, and I’ll try to send the medicine over to him,” Roxanne proposed angrily. 
Luke instantly chose the first option. “Alright, I’ll ask Mr. Hayes right away to come back as soon as possible.” 
Well, how can I possibly let her send the medicine? 
I’ll be as good as dead as I do it! 
Sasha finally woke up after the sound sleep.
The room was lit with orange light. Besides, Sasha was dazed by the twinkling lights of the city at night from the window. 
Not long afterward, she saw a man sitting at a table next to the window. 
The man wore a blue hoodie and a pair of black-rimmed glasses. At that time, he lowered his gaze and frowned as he stared at the phone. 
Oh my goodness! My flight! 
When the thought flashed through her mind, Sasha instantly got up and yelled, “My god! What time is it now? Did I miss my flight?” 
Lance, who was about to reply to a text message, said, “You’re awake.” 
“Yes, Lennie. What time is it now? Please check it for me. I’ve already booked flight tickets for tonight.” 
Sasha forgot that one of her legs was injured when she jumped from the bed. As such, she gasped in pain the moment she landed. 
Lance’s lips twitched upon seeing it. 
Nevertheless, he still looked at his watch on his wrist and replied, “It’s 9.15 p.m. now. What time is the flight?” 
“What? 9.15 p.m.? Why didn’t you wake me up? I booked tickets for 8 p.m., and the flight has certainly left. What should we do?” 
Sasha was on the verge of total breakdown.
It was extremely difficult to book a flight ticket these days. After all, many people wished to escape the city due to a series of terrorist attacks. 
Hence, Sasha waited patiently for quite some time in the afternoon to grab the tickets. 
On the contrary, Lance seemed rather composed. 
“It’s okay. We can book the flights for tomorrow.” 
“Tomorrow?” Sasha whined, “Don’t you know how dangerous it is now? The longer we stay, the more likely we are in danger.” 
“In that case, do you think we’ll be safe on the plane tonight? Everyone has the same mindset as yours in the warzone. Also, since everyone desperately wants to escape, those who fail to do so might trigger riots,” Lance stared at Sasha coldly and rebutted in disdain. 
Sasha finally went silent. 
Is that so? 
My goodness. Fortunately, we didn’t go to the airport tonight. I can’t imagine what we could do if something happens there. 
At that time, Sasha’s anger and disappointment faded away. 
“Okay then. I’ll book tickets again tomorrow. By the way, have you had dinner? We…” 
Sasha was about to suggest to have dinner. 
As a thought flashed through her mind suddenly, Sasha turned around and realized that the room was different from hers. She finally recalled what happened before she fell asleep.
My god! What did I do in the evening? 
###Chapter 385
Chapter 385
“Lennie, I… this evening…” 
“Have you finally realized it? Why did you come to my room out of the blue? I couldn’t even sleep on my bed!” Lance questioned Sasha coldly. 
Nonetheless, one could tell that Lance wasn’t angry at that moment. Instead, he was merely complaining without gazing at Sasha. 
Instantly, Sasha blushed. 
She remembered that she was here to check up on Lance. Since Lance said he was unwell, she touched his forehead but was pinned onto the bed by Lance. 
He pressed against me on the bed, all right? However, I fell asleep very soon. 
Sasha was awkward upon remembering everything. She stole a glance at Lance and realized that he was emotionless, as though he didn’t remember what she did. 
Her heart couldn’t help but sink at that thought. 
“I… I didn’t. Since you said you were sick, I stayed beside your bed for a while but unknowingly fell asleep. I didn’t mean to do it.” 
Since Lance probably didn’t remember what happened, Sasha lied to him. 
Just as Sasha thought, Lance merely raised his eyebrows and glanced at her for a few seconds in response.
Sasha took a deep breath. 
Well, we should have dinner now. 
Sasha hopped back to her room. After freshening herself up, Sasha asked the hotel staff to deliver some food. 
Since they couldn’t leave that night, Sasha decided to get some rest and depart the next day. 
After the food was delivered, Sasha sat at the table and began eating the soup. 
She initially thought that Lance would be here to have dinner soon. However, she didn’t hear any noise outside her room even though she had finished the bowl of soup. 
What’s going on with him? Is he not going to eat? 
Sasha had no choice but to stand up and hop to Lance’s room. “Lance? Why don’t you come over to have dinner? Are you not hungry?” 
The room fell into a dead silence just like what happened in the evening. 
Humph! Whatever! 
Sasha didn’t act recklessly again to save herself from embarrassment. Since the room was silent, she returned to her room and continued eating. 
Well, I’ll just leave a portion of the food to Lance. 
However, Sasha wasn’t aware that Lance wasn’t in the room. 
In fact, Lance had already left.
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve everything planned out. Howard will be back in your room by midnight. So, Ms. Wand won’t suspect anything when she opens the door and sees him.” 
After a series of terrorist attacks that happened in the day, flashes of fire would appear high in the air occasionally at midnight. The air was filled with the smell of gunpowder, and one could hear people moaning bitterly from time to time. 
Lance was still wearing blue hoodies, a pair of slacks, and sports shoes. He didn’t utter a word and looked like a mature man. 
At that moment, he was no different from a university student. 
“Keep an eye on her!” 
After giving the short instruction, Lance got into the car and left. 
Ten minutes later, a black car pulled up by the hotel’s entrance. 
“Excuse me, may I ask if a lady named Nancy stays here? I’m her friend. Would you mind telling me which room she stays in?” 
“I’m sorry. We can’t provide you with the information, for it’s related to our customer’s privacy.” 
The principled hotel’s staff declined the woman’s request right away. 
Unexpectedly, the woman wasn’t upset but took out her name card smilingly. “It’s fine. Just tell her that I’m Willow. She will know who I am.” 
The staff hesitated for a while. 
Well, it doesn’t matter if I make a phone call to confirm her identity.
Finally, one of them grabbed the phone to call Sasha. 
“Hello?” 
“Is this Ms. Nancy? May I ask if you have a friend called Willow Fischer?” 
Willow? 
Sasha was having dinner when she received the call. She was a little shocked upon hearing the name. “Yes, what’s the matter?” 
The hotel’s staff continued, “She’s here to see you and is waiting in our lobby. Would you want to come down to meet her? Or should we allow her to go upstairs?” 
Sasha was shocked and rendered speechless. 
Why did Willow come here? What’s going on? 
Is she here for business? 
At that moment, Sasha was confused but also happy to meet her best friend here. 
“Alright, please let her come up. Since my leg is injured, it’s not that convenient for me to go down.” Sasha excitedly asked the staff to bring Willow to her room. 
It had been quite a long time since Sasha met Willow. 
A few minutes later, Sasha felt a little weird because Willow wasn’t here yet. Nonetheless, the man, who stayed next to her room and didn’t answer the door previously, showed up. 
“Lance? You’re finally here. Are you hungry?” 
###Chapter 386
Chapter 386
She grumbled while staring at Lance, but he ignored her completely. 
With a gloomy look on his face and both hands in the pocket of his blue hoodie, he kicked open the door behind her and stepped inside. 
I swear, this guy’s rudeness knows no bounds! 
Having no other choice, she could only stand by the door and wait for Willow. 
“What are you doing standing there like that?” 
“I’m waiting for Willow! She’s right downstairs!” Sasha shouted into the room in response, only to have Lance come back and drag her by the back of her shirt collar. 
“Ah! Hey! What are you doing? Let go!” 
“Did you get so scared that you’ve lost your mind? There’s no way Willow would come to a place like this!” 
Lance was so angry that his veins were bulging out of his neck as he dragged her inside. Damn it, I wish I could just pack her into a bag and send her back to Moranta! How can she just believe everything people tell her? Is she an idiot or what? 
Sasha continued to struggle. “You’re the crazy one! The lady at the front desk called me and said a woman named Willow had come to see me!”
“Then why didn’t Willow call you on your phone instead? Did you block her or what? Why would she have to call the hotel’s front desk just to see you?” 
“Huh…” 
Sasha stared blankly at Lance, unable to say a single word in response. 
He’s right! Willow could’ve just called me on my phone, so why didn’t she? Why would she go through the trouble of calling the front desk instead? 
She felt a shiver down her spine as the sudden realization dawned upon her. 
“I-If that’s not Willow, then… w-who is it?” 
Noticing the pale look on Sasha’s face, Lance continued dragging her to the dinner table as he said, “How the hell would I know? Maybe it’s one of those organ-trafficking syndicates that target ignorant girls like you! They lure you downstairs by pretending to be a friend or family member, then knock you unconscious and harvest your organs after kidnapping you!” 
Sasha felt goosebumps all over instantly upon hearing that. 
“Shut up!” 
“Oh, but I haven’t even gotten to the worst part! Human traffickers could sell you to…” 
“Shut up! Shut up! How dare you scare your cousin like this? I’ll slap you to death if you don’t stop this nonsense right now!” 
Sasha pounced on him angrily and clamped his mouth shut with her hands to stop him from going any further.
A faint smile formed on Lance’s face as he stared at Sasha who got so scared that she literally climbed on top of him. 
In the face of danger, Sasha couldn’t care less about her ego. She locked and barricaded the room door with a few chairs before returning to the bedroom shakily. 
“Hey, Lennie… We have to get the hell out of here first thing in the morning, okay?” Sasha said as she lay down in bed. 
Lance, who was lying on the couch in the corner, mumbled in agreement, “Yeah…” 
I’d get in trouble too if I don’t head back… 
The night went by peacefully, and Lance was already packing their bags by the time Sasha woke up the next morning. 
There was even a simple breakfast prepared and laid out on the table. 
“Morning, Lennie… Y-You’re packing up? Did you already purchase the flight tickets?” 
I knew this would be the first thing she’d think about upon waking up… 
Lance shot her a quick glance while folding her clothes and said, “Yeah, the flight is at nine. You should be able to make it in time if you go through your morning routine quickly.” 
Sasha sprung out of bed immediately after hearing that and ran straight into the bathroom. 
The two of them left for the airport about half an hour later. 
To Sasha’s surprise, Lance only handed her one ticket for herself. 
“Here, this is your ticket. Make sure you don’t lose it.”
“Huh? What about yours? Give me your ticket too! That way, I can get us both checked in at the same time when we reach the airport,” Sasha said. 
Her idea was to have one person watch over the baggage while the other one did the check-in at the counter. 
However, she never saw Lance again after boarding the flight as the tickets he managed to book were for different cabins each, one of them being a first-class seat while the other an economy class seat. 
Lance quickly offered to take the economy class seat, so Sasha had no choice but to remain in the first- class cabin. 
What the hell? 
Sasha wasn’t all too pleased about it. She wanted to swap her ticket out with someone from the economy class cabin so she could sit next to Lance, but he refused. 
“You’re injured, so you should stay here in the first-class cabin where it’s more comfortable. Remember to avoid moving around too much, all right? You need to take good care of yourself now that I’m not by your side,” he said after sending her to her seat in the first-class cabin. 
###Chapter 387
Chapter 387
Sasha couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable about the way he had phrased that sentence. 
Why does it sound like he’s giving me a sad farewell speech or something? Is he still worried about me being abducted while onboard? Jeez… 
Not liking the oddly melancholic atmosphere, Sasha gave him a slap on the back and said, “What do you mean you won’t be by my side anymore? You’d better be sure to come to carry me down the plane when we land!” 
She then returned to her cabin while Lance stood there with his gaze fixated on her. 
It wasn’t until the door to the first class cabin was shut that someone approached him. “Let’s go, sir. Howard has just come on board.” 
Lance then turned around and left without looking back. 
It was already evening when Sasha landed in Moranta. 
For some reason, she had been restless throughout the entire flight and came out of her cabin looking for Lance as soon as she could. 
Had passengers been allowed to leave their cabins during the flight, she would’ve done so a lot sooner. 
Sasha quickly made her way into the economy class cabin and saw Lance about to get up from his seat. 
“Hey, Lennie! How was the flight?” she asked, feeling glad and relieved as she stood beside him.
Lance looked a little surprised to see her come over, but was quick to regain his composure and got to his feet. 
“It was all right. What about you? How’s your leg? Does it hurt?” he asked while looking worriedly at her leg. 
Sasha waved at him. “I’m fine! Come on, let’s get off the plane. Vivi must be missing us like crazy after our prolonged absence!” 
“Okay,” Lance replied, and the two of them made their way out of the plane. 
With the security being a lot better in Moranta, people could be seen walking about with relaxed looks on their faces. “Here, watch our bags while I make a quick trip to the bathroom!” Sasha said as she handed the baggage over to Lance. 
Her tone was so polite that even Lance froze for a moment before reaching out to hold her baggage. 
“Sure, go on ahead. I’ll wait here for you.” 
“Huh?” 
This time, it was Sasha’s turn to pause in surprise. 
Wait… Did my ears deceive me? Does he not hate me anymore? I can’t believe he actually offered to wait for me! 
Sasha thought to herself as she stared at him in confusion before making her way toward the bathroom. 
Lance hadn’t noticed that he had changed a lot throughout the past two days and was no longer the same man he used to be.
He had been filled with uncontrollable rage, disgust, sadness, and self-hatred when he was with her at first. 
In fact, his mood had been so terrible that he almost thought his mental illness was acting up again. 
Vivian’s call came in all of a sudden when Sasha stepped out of the bathroom, causing her to completely forget about Lance’s weird behavior when she heard Vivian’s sweet and adorable voice on the phone. 
“Are you guys back yet, Mommy? Mr. Rind said you two would be coming back today!” 
“That’s right, Mommy’s back! We’re at the airport right now. Are you still at Mr. Rind’s house?” Sasha asked. 
By “Mr. Rind”, they were referring to Andy Rind. 
I can’t believe Lance actually had Andy look after Vivi! Then again, judging by how happy she sounds, I’d say he’s been treating her pretty well… 
“Yeah! Mr. Rind buys me a lot of delicious food every day! He even bought me two very cute bunnies! Can I come over to Mr. Rind’s house in the future, Mommy?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was shocked. 
I didn’t take Andy for the type of guy who would be so nice to children! 
As much as she found it hard to believe, she hung up the phone feeling glad that Vivian was doing great. 
The two of them then made their way home, and Sasha couldn’t wait to go pick her daughter up. 
“Lennie, go buy us some groceries from the supermarket. The refrigerator at home must be empty after our prolonged absence. I’ll make us all dinner after picking Vivi up.”
“Okay,” Lance replied as he placed the bags down. 
As he was about to leave the house, Sasha called out to him once again. 
“Wait! Here, take this money. We made quite a lot during our trip there, so you should treat yourself to a nice meal or something!” she said while pulling a card out of her purse. 
Lance nodded obediently and held his hand out to receive the card. 
At that moment, Sasha realized something was off about his hand when she gave him the card. 
###Chapter 388
Chapter 388
His fingers were slender, but they weren’t pretty due to the huge knuckles. In addition to that, there was a thin layer of callus on his palm, which wasn’t something one would see on the hands of a pampered individual. 
Sasha felt her head go blank before another pair of hands appeared in her head. 
Yes, this is exactly how I remember that pair of hands! The fair and slender fingers… The huge knuckles that looked like they were sculpted out of marble… The fingernails that look so smooth and shiny… 
Sasha was so shocked that she froze on the spot. 
“Sha? What’s wrong? Um… You know what? Maybe we should just keep the money in our savings instead. The Wand family is going to start over again soon, and we’ll be needing a lot of money then,” Lance said, thinking she was reluctant to hand over the money. 
He knew Sasha’s family would need a lot of money as Rufus would be released from prison soon, so he decided not to accept the money she offered. 
After he left the house, Sasha staggered for a bit and threw herself on the couch as tears rolled down her cheeks. 
Why didn’t I believe it? I had a clear view of it back in Corleon, but I kept telling myself that it was just in my head, and that it wasn’t real. Damn it, how could I lie to myself about something I saw with my own eyes? 
Sasha clutched her heaving chest tightly as she felt an overwhelming combination of joy, pain, and shock surge through her. 
Regardless of what happened between them, he had always been the one she truly liked deep down inside. 
She had liked him for so many years that she couldn’t possibly let go of those feelings so easily. 
But… Trevor erased his memories through hypnosis, didn’t he? So, why did he come back to me all of a sudden in such a fashion? 
Sasha’s mind went blank at the thought of that, and she simply lay on the couch for what seemed like eternity. 
The sky was dark by the time Lance had bought the groceries and brought Vivian home. 
“Hmm? Why are the lights off? Could your mommy have gone out or something?” Lance mumbled when he saw that the lights were off in the house. 
Vivian climbed out of his arms when she heard that and ran into the house. “I’ll go check inside! Maybe Mommy’s in her bedroom!” 
Naturally, Lance knew that was unlikely the case as Sasha was often busy with errands even at night. 
He then unpacked the groceries in the kitchen and took about twenty minutes to make dinner. 
As Lance was about to serve the poached salmon he had made, a slender hand reached out and passed him a plate from behind. 
“Here you go…” 
“Ah, Sha, you’re back!” Lance jumped in surprise when he saw Sasha standing behind him.
Sasha then took a step back, and that was when he noticed her grim expression and the redness in her eyes. 
“Sha?” Lance gave her a strange look. 
Sasha averted her gaze and said, “I’m fine. Go ahead and serve the food. I’ll go get Vivi.” 
She then ran out of the kitchen in a hurry, leaving a confused Lance rooted to the spot. 
What on earth has gotten into her? She’s dressed in her casual clothes, which means she’s been home the whole time… If that’s the case, why didn’t she turn on the lights? 
The sound of Vivian’s voice snapped Lance out of his train of thoughts, and he quickly plated the dishes before serving them up. 
After that, the three of them sat down at the table and had dinner as usual. 
Lance was a little hesitant at first but decided to speak up anyway. “Sha, you don’t have to tell Andy about the extra money you made, right? I mean, that’s tens of millions! With Uncle coming out of prison soon, we’re probably going to need that money.” 
Sasha, who was feeding Vivian at the time, looked up at him upon hearing that. “Of course not. Why do you ask?” 
It’s not like I wanted to bring this up, okay? 
With that thought in mind, Lance quickly avoided her gaze and said, “Oh, no reason in particular! I mean, it’s a lot of money, so I was worried that Andy would find out about it. Just thought I’d remind you, that’s all!” 
Sasha paused in her actions.
Remind me? Is it Lance reminding me, or is it the other guy? 
Sasha felt her heart that had finally calmed down begin to ache once again, and it hurt so bad that she could barely hold her spoon steady. 
Lance went to bed in his room shortly after dinner. 
Sasha gave Vivian a bath and was about to tuck her in as well when she asked all of a sudden, “Are you feeling sad, Mommy?” 
###Chapter 389
Chapter 389
Sasha paused briefly in surprise before replying, “No, I’m not.” 
“I know you are, Mommy! You haven’t been talking much tonight, Mommy! Did someone bully you? You can tell Vivi! Vivi will avenge you!” 
Vivian waved her meaty fist in the air as she said that, and Sasha couldn’t help but smile in response. 
She’s such a sweet child, but there’s no way I could tell her even if I really was bullied! 
Sasha returned to her bedroom after Vivian had fallen asleep, but her suffocating restlessness kept her awake. 
Feeling like she needed someone to talk to, she whipped out her phone and began scrolling through her list of contacts. 
After a bit of scrolling, she finally saw a name that caught her eye. 
“Willow?” 
“Well, well, well… If it isn’t the great Ms. Nancy? I didn’t think you’d call!” 
A familiar voice could be heard saying that in a joking manner the moment the call got through. 
Sasha let out a helpless chuckle and asked, “Haha! What are you saying? Anyway, what have you been up to lately? Where have you been?” 
Willow sighed the moment she heard that. “What else could I be up to? I’m still working the same job every day, shuttling between my house and the office. Life is as boring as watching paint dry if you ask
me!” 
Sasha went silent as she recalled how someone who claimed to be Willow had come looking for her at the hotel in Corleon. 
Had Lance not been there to stop me, god knows what would’ve happened to me… 
Her fingers went pale as she tightened her grip on the phone. 
“Hey, what’s with the silence? What about you, huh? What are you doing?” 
“I just took a shower a while ago. Willow, can I ask you a question?” Sasha was a little hesitant at first, but decided to bring up the topic anyway. 
Willow froze when she heard how formal Sasha sounded and realized she was getting serious. 
“Sure, go ahead! What is it?” Willow responded in a more serious manner as well. 
“What if I told you that I feel like getting back together with him? What do you think?” 
“Pffft!” Willow was drinking a glass of water when she heard that and spat it all out in shock. 
What the hell is wrong with this woman? Why on earth would she want to get back with that scumbag? 
“Are you crazy? Have you not suffered enough because of him? What, dying once wasn’t enough for you?” Willow lashed out at her as she remembered how he had hanged her out on the deck back then. 
Sasha’s face went pale instantly, and she began to regret talking to Willow about it. 
Oh, right… Willow doesn’t know the truth about us… Damn it, why did I ask for her opinion? 
“Calm down, Willow! I was just kidding!”
Willow wasn’t buying it at all and pressed on even when Sasha had tried to drop the topic. “Kidding? I’m not a fool, Nancy! We’ve been friends for so many years now! Do you think I don’t know you well enough? You wouldn’t just bring this up for no reason!” 
Sasha simply pursed her lips and kept quiet. 
“Come on, out with it! What’s going on? Is he that charming that you ended up having such funny ideas?” 
“No, it’s not that. There are a lot of things between us that you don’t know about.” 
“Such as?” 
“It’s true that I died for him once, but I had also made him suffer quite a lot since we were kids,” Sasha replied as she came to realize that neither of them owed the other anything. 
Back then, I decided to cut ties with him because I found out the truth behind my marrying into the Hayes family. On top of that, Xenia’s death made it impossible for me to face Uncle Jackson and Aunt Sharon. But now, I realize that he doesn’t play much of a role in this tragedy of mine… Just like me, he had always been a mere piece on the board. First of all, he never agreed to marry me, let alone live with me. Second of all, Robert was the one who killed Xenia and caused the Wand family to go bankrupt. He had nothing to do with any of that, so I shouldn’t be pinning the blame on him like that. In fact, I don’t hate him all that much anymore. 
“So, that’s the reason why you want to get back together with him? Remember, the damage that the Hayes family has caused you and your family is irreversible. Are you sure you can forget about everything and pretend none of it has ever happened?” 
Willow had calmed down a lot more after hearing her explanation, but she still couldn’t quite comprehend the logic behind it.
Of course I can’t possibly forget all that has happened, but he has done a lot for me time after time, so I’m willing to take that first step. He is the father of our children, after all! 
Sasha’s lips twitched slightly at the thought of that. 
Having made her decision, she hung up the phone shortly after. 
###Chapter 390
Chapter 390
Meanwhile, it was late at night in Avenport when Sebastian returned to Royal Court One. 
Luke had called him multiple times out of concern, but Sebastian ignored all of his calls until he got home. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re finally home! My goodness, you look so pale! What happened to you?” Wendy came out to greet him, only to be shocked by how weary he looked. 
No longer trying to put up a tough front, Sebastian staggered his way to the couch and slumped against it. 
“Call the family doctor, and don’t tell Roxanne about this.” 
“Right away, Mr. Hayes!” 
Wendy quickly called the family doctor who then arrived about ten minutes later. 
The doctor administered a sedative, and Sebastian was finally able to fall into a deep sleep. 
He had collapsed from exhaustion after forcefully suppressing the violent urges within him for too long. 
“His current condition is still unstable, so please make sure he takes his medication on time as prescribed by Ms. Rocke. It takes half a year of constant medication just to treat depression, and what he has is far more serious,” the doctor reminded Wendy on his way out. 
Wendy could only nod in response.
As if I don’t already know that… But what am I supposed to do? Mr. Hayes has always rejected Ms. Rocke’s treatments. Even now, he refuses to let me call her for assistance. 
With that in mind, she helped Sebastian to his bedroom on the third floor, and the night went by peacefully. 
The next day, however, Roxanne somehow found out about what happened and rushed over to Frontier Bay early in the morning. 
“Hey, Wendy! I heard Sebastian is back! Is that true?” 
“Yes, Ms. Rocke. Mr. Hayes came back last night and is still asleep right now,” Wendy replied with a smile. 
Roxanne then ran upstairs after hearing that, only to find the two boys inside his room by the time she got there. 
“Could you send us to school today, Daddy? You haven’t done that in a long time!” 
“Yeah, sure…” 
The sight of those cute yet handsome twins leaning against the couch was so adorable that no one could possibly say no to their request. 
Sebastian was feeling a lot better after a good night’s rest. 
Seeing his kids looking at him with those puppy eyes of theirs melted his heart completely, and he gave them both a pat on the head as he said, “All right, go have breakfast downstairs with Ms. Dolivo, okay? Daddy will take you two to school in a bit.” 
“Yay!”
Roxanne watched as the kids ran past her down the stairs before making her way into the room. 
“Sebastian, why didn’t you inform me when you came back last night? How are you feeling?” 
“I’m fine,” Sebastian replied coldly while retrieving a necktie from his closet. 
He hadn’t been to the office for four days, so he had to head over after dropping the kids at school. 
Standing in front of the mirror, Sebastian was about to put the necktie on when Roxanne stepped forward and snatched it out of his hand. “Here, let me help you. By the way, could you come over to my place for lunch this afternoon?” 
“Why?” Sebastian asked, fighting back the urge to avoid her. 
“It’s my mom’s birthday today, but we don’t feel like having a huge party, so we’re inviting those close to us for lunch instead. I heard my dad calling your dad last night, so I’m guessing he’ll be there too.” 
Sebastian nodded after a brief pause, and Roxanne froze as she was captivated by his handsome face and mysterious eyes. 
Where did he go? Why was he gone for so long? What was he doing there? There are so many questions that I want to ask him, but I can’t seem to get those words out of my mouth after seeing that look on his face… For some reason, I feel like there’s this distance between us now. I know he still listens to me, but I can no longer bring myself to act as I please like I always did. Am I just imagining things? 
Roxanne was so lost in thought that she stood rooted to the spot even after Sebastian had left with the kids. 
“Is something the matter, Ms. Rocke? Are you going to have lunch here today?” Wendy asked when she came in and saw her standing there.
“Oh, no, my mom will be celebrating her birthday in the afternoon, and Mr. Hayes will be coming over to my place for lunch. I’ll be on my way now!” Roxanne said as she grabbed her handbag and left the villa in a hurry. 
For reasons unknown, she even made a call home and convinced her family to have lunch at a hotel instead. 
###Chapter 391
Chapter 391
As Sebastian had been absent from work for a few days, he went into overdrive mode the moment he entered his office. 
He was so busy that Luke didn’t dare disturb him in the slightest. However, he had no choice but to knock on Sebastian’s door when he received the message from Howard. The rays of the morning sun shone through the window, casting a radiant glow on Sebastian’s desk where he typed away on his laptop. 
“Sir, I’ve just received word from Howard… According to him, everything is fine with Madam…I mean, Ms. Wand. She transferred the money over to Jackson instead of handing it over to Andy, and is going to work as usual.” 
His fingers stopped moving when he heard that, and Luke held his breath as he thought Sebastian was about to say something. 
However, Sebastian simply continued typing away a few seconds later and said, “No need to report these things to me from now on.” 
“Huh?” Luke was shocked. “W-What about Howard?” 
“The real dimwit should have received enough training by now, right? I want you to send him over, have Howard return, and forget all about this,” Sebastian replied coldly, much to Luke’s surprise. 
Oh, my god! Does he mean he won’t care about her anymore? What’s with this sudden change in attitude? Just two days ago, he was so worried about her safety that he ignored his own well-being and kept her company throughout the crisis! I don’t understand him at all! 
Had Luke walked a thorny path all by himself for so long with no sight of hope whatsoever, he would probably be able to understand Sebastian a little better. 
Sometimes, it would actually be better to let go and release oneself from the unnecessary pain. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Rind. My dad will be released from prison soon, and I need to rebuild the family business with the money I made. As such, I have no choice but to resign from the company,” Sasha said as she handed Andy her resignation letter. 
Although she had been in conflict with that Wall Street titan at first, the company did look after her in the end. 
Andy too, had a pained expression on his face when he heard about her leaving. 
“Sigh… The company is going to lose a valuable employee, then…” 
“You give me too much credit, Mr. Rind. There are plenty of other employees here much being more capable than I am. Besides, my family business also engages in trading, so we might even become business partners in the future.” 
“Really?” 
Feeling slightly better after hearing that, Andy approved of her resignation and even gave her a million as a reward for her hard work. 
Sasha then left the office happily with the money and headed over to the mall. As she would soon return to the country, she wanted to buy some presents for her kids, Jackson, Sharon, and Sebastian. 
“Say, isn’t that the girl from RockePharma?” 
“Yeah, what do you think? She looks beautiful, doesn’t she? Who would’ve thought a medical nerd like her would have such a pretty face, eh? Too bad she’s already married! If I’m not mistaken, that guy she’s
clinging on to should be her husband.” 
Sasha froze when she heard that. 
There isn’t a single doctor out there that hasn’t heard of RockePharma, the world-renowned pharmaceutical company owned by the Rocke family. Are they talking about Roxanne? 
Sasha looked up slowly, and her gaze fell upon the huge LED monitor in the mall. 
“According to the photographs published by the journalists, the president of RockePharma has held a birthday party for his wife with both Roxanne and her fiancé in attendance. Being the heir to the Hayes Corporation, her fiancé is also considered to be a prominent figure in the world of business! With such a grand appearance from both families, could it be that a wedding is in order?” said a reporter from the entertainment news station. 
As RockePharma had been established overseas, it was a lot more popular among the general public than Hayes Corporation. 
That popularity was the main reason the mall had chosen to display the news as it would attract more customers. 
Sasha felt a shiver down her spine as she continued staring at the screen. 
A grand appearance from both families? A wedding is to be expected? 
Sebastian and Roxanne’s interactions looked very intimate in the footage. Dressed in a bright red gown, she was clinging to his arm with her body pressed tightly against his. 
To make matters worse, Sebastian showed no sign of resistance whatsoever. In fact, he even held her steady when they entered the hotel so she wouldn’t trip over her gown.
###Chapter 392
Chapter 392
A sharp pain tore through her heart, and it hurt so much that even breathing felt painful. 
Having lost whatever feelings of excitement she had earlier, Sasha placed the items back on the shelf. 
“Would you like to purchase this item, miss?” the salesgirl asked. 
“No, thanks…” Sasha replied emotionlessly and dragged herself out of the mall. 
She was so absent-minded that she didn’t even know how she got home. All she remembered doing was locking herself up in her bedroom straight till nightfall. 
Lance soon returned home with Vivian and was surprised to see an empty living room. 
“Where’s your mommy? Is she still out?” he asked as he had bought a lot of ingredients to make their favorite dishes. 
Vivian climbed off him and went looking for Sasha in her bedroom. 
“Mommy? Are you in there? It’s me, Vivi! Uncle Lance bought us a lot of ingredients today! Come on out, Mommy!” she shouted in her usual childish voice while knocking on the door, but there was no response. 
Lance quickly came upstairs and carried Vivian in his arms as he said, “I think your mommy isn’t home yet. She’s probably busy running some errands outside. Come on, let’s wait for her downstairs. I’ll make you something delicious!” 
“Okay…” 
Vivian could only pout as she went downstairs with Lance.
Little did they know, Sasha slowly opened the door after they left and slowly dragged herself out of the room. 
“Will Mommy come home for dinner tonight, Uncle Lance? You even bought her favorite crabs!” 
“Hmm, I’m not sure… If she doesn’t, we’ll just keep it in the refrigerator and cook it when she comes back, okay?” 
“Okay!” 
Vivian clapped her hands in satisfaction. 
Lance smiled back at her as he continued unpacking the daily necessities that he bought. 
“Vivi, if your mommy doesn’t come home before we go to bed tonight, I want you to tell her tomorrow that I bought you two all these stuff. They were mailed all the way here from Clear, got it?” he said while waving tubes of toothpaste and bottles of children’s shampoo in front of her. 
Those were all stuff that Sasha had wanted to purchase from Clear. As Vivian had sensitive skin, most of the commercial products available in the market weren’t suitable for her. 
As such, Sasha had no choice but to purchase them all from Clear Hospital. 
I appreciate that he’s helped me with the purchase, but… Why did he have to buy so much of it at once? Three months is a pretty long time, so he could just wait till we run out before placing an order for it… 
Sasha thought to herself as she looked at them from the corridor above. 
After instructing Vivian on the daily necessities, Lance then pulled out his wallet and handed her a few credit cards. 
“Also, could you hold on to these for me?”
“What is this?” Vivian asked innocently. 
Wait, those are the credit cards that I gave him! I’ve always been busy with work, so I had no choice but to task him with managing everything in the house. I gave him the credit cards so he could purchase the daily necessities and groceries. The money isn’t much, but it’s enough for… 
Sasha narrowed her eyes and trembled slightly as she was hit with a sudden realization. 
“Your mommy gave me these. Let’s play a game tonight, Vivi. Your goal is to keep these safe for me, okay? You can return them to me when I come back tomorrow morning.” 
“Okay!” 
Vivian naively clutched those cards tightly against her chest like they were some sort of precious treasure. 
Lance’s eyes reddened a little, but he fought off the urge to sniffle and gave Vivian an affectionate pinch on the nose before heading into the kitchen. 
Having witnessed everything from upstairs, Sasha teared up as she ran back into her room and shut the door once again. 
She never knew he was by her side the whole time, let alone the fact that he had let go of her by fulfilling her wishes. 
Six months later, it was almost time for the birthdays of Ian and Matteo. 
“Sebastian, where do you plan on celebrating the boys’ birthdays? This is Matteo’s first birthday with us after returning to our family, so we have to make it a grand one!” 
Frederick had come all the way to Frontier Bay in person just for the event.
Sebastian was putting on his coat before leaving for the office when he heard that. “Sure, you can make the arrangements,” he replied with a nod. 
Frederick’s face was instantly filled with joy. 
“Okay, we’ll have it at a hotel, then. I’ll invite everyone from the Hayes family over and get them formally introduced to Matteo. As for his mother’s side…” 
“That won’t be necessary!” Sebastian cut him off the moment he mentioned Sasha. 
The look on Frederick’s face changed immediately. “What if people ask about the child’s mother?” 
“We’ve got Roxanne, haven’t we? You can just invite her family over instead. We’re engaged, so she’ll be the mother of those children from then on. Don’t you stir up any trouble now.” 
Sebastian grew impatient all of a sudden, and his tone grew a lot colder too. 
###Chapter 393
Chapter 393
Of course… He doesn’t remember a thing about that girl, so it makes sense that he wouldn’t want to hear her name. Given the way he had treated her in the past, I suppose it’s for the better… 
Frederick let out a sigh at the thought of that and said no further. 
Sebastian then headed for the office, and Frederick left shortly after as well. 
To his surprise, however, he saw a beautiful woman and an adorable little girl waiting for him when he arrived at the Hayes residence. 
“Go greet your grandpa, Vivi!” Sasha whispered and gave Vivian a gentle nudge when she saw Frederick. 
Vivian had seen Frederick before, but she still felt a little nervous as they never got to spend much time together. 
Regardless, she did as told and walked up to him as she said, “Hello, Grandpa! I’m Vivi!” 
Her voice sounded so cute that it melted Frederick’s heart and brought him to tears of joy on the spot. 
“You’ve finally returned! Oh, I’ve missed you so much! Come on, come to grandpa!” 
Frederick was so overwhelmed by emotions that he tossed his walking stick aside and bent over to carry Vivian in his arms. 
He loved each and every one of his grandchildren very much, and even Sasha teared up a little as she observed that touching moment from the side.
She waited till Frederick had calmed down before approaching them. “Mr. Hayes, I brought Vivi here to see you because my dad will be released from prison soon, and I don’t think I’ll be leaving anymore.” 
“Huh? Really? You’ll stay here from now on?” Frederick went wide-eyed with surprise. 
“Yeah, really. I’ve made some money during my time overseas, so I’m going to rebuild the Wand family once my dad comes home. That was also the reason why I worked in Wall Street,” Sasha replied decisively. 
Frederick got emotional once again. “That’s good to hear! Will I be able to see my precious granddaughter often, then?” 
“Of course you can. I brought her over today to say hi, after all. Oh, one more thing… The kids’ birthdays are only a few days away, so I was hoping to let Vivi celebrate hers together with her brothers,” Sasha voiced out her request hesitantly. 
Frederick smacked himself on the lap when he heard that. “Why, of course! They’re triplets, so it’s only natural to have them celebrate their birthdays together! Don’t worry, I’ll make the arrangements!” 
Sasha smiled, feeling relieved that she had made the right decision. 
The two of them stayed over for lunch in the afternoon, and Frederick went as far as having a chef from a five-star restaurant owned by Hayes Corporation come over to prepare that meal. 
That was a luxurious treatment that no one else in that household had ever enjoyed. 
Luke was so shocked when he heard about it at the office that he nearly spilled his coffee all over the floor. 
What the hell is going on? Why would she come over when Sebastian has just decided to cut ties with her? Heck, she even went straight to the core of the family! This sudden turn of events sure is
suspicious… 
Those thoughts made Luke incredibly restless, and he didn’t dare tell Sebastian about it until it was time to get off work. 
When he saw Sebastian return to his office after a meeting with his client, Luke mustered up the courage and ran up to him. 
“Mr. Hayes, did you know that Ms. Wand is back?” 
“What did you say?” 
Sebastian looked up immediately upon hearing that, and his response made Luke even more nervous. 
“I heard about it earlier in the afternoon. She suddenly returned with Ms. Vivian and went straight to the Hayes residence where the two of them had lunch.” 
The office fell into a deafening silence, and Luke’s palms were covered in sweat from the suffocating tension. 
The atmosphere in the room was so tense that it felt as if the air had frozen over, and he didn’t dare say a word nor move a muscle. 
“Why did she come back?” 
“I don’t know, but I heard it has something to do with the Wand family and her dad’s release from prison.” 
That was the only thing Luke could recall at the time. 
For the Wand family? Oh, right… Of course! Why else would she come back otherwise?
“Don’t bring this up in front of me ever again. As for Dad, he can hang out with them all he likes, so you don’t have to report that to me in the future either,” Sebastian said calmly as if nothing had ever happened. 
Is he seriously going to end it all like this? Just ignore everything and forget about everything? If he cared about her, he would’ve done everything in his power to stop her from seeing his dad or even make some sarcastic remarks about it. But no, he’s just completely ignoring them right now… If this is how he’s going to be, then he might as well have his memories erased for real… 
Luke couldn’t help but feel a little sad at the thought of that. 
###Chapter 394
Chapter 394
Sasha was a little busy throughout the next couple of days. 
Having returned with Lance, the two of them had to renovate their family home. 
As such, the two of them had no time to look after Vivian and had to leave her at the Hayes Residence. 
“Sha, Sebastian hasn’t come to visit us at all… Are you sure it’s okay to leave Vivi there with them?” Lance asked worriedly. 
He had become a lot more reserved and sentimental ever since that eventful night in Moranta. 
Sasha flashed him a slight smile and said, “Of course it’s okay! He’s Vivi’s grandpa, and we have a lot on our hands right now. I don’t see anything wrong with having him look after her for a few days.” 
“All right, then…” 
Having no better idea himself, Lance could only go along with Sasha’s arrangement. 
The Wand residence was starting to look a lot more presentable after two days of renovation, and Sasha went to pick Vivian back from Hayes residence. 
“Hi, Mr. Hayes. I’m done with the renovations at my place, so I’ve come to bring Vivi home. Thanks for looking after her throughout the past two days.” 
“What? Leaving already? Why don’t you let her stay another couple of days? I’ve told her brothers over at Frontier Bay about this, so they’ll be coming over to play with their sister over the weekend.”
Frederick was reluctant to part with his granddaughter and looked sad the moment he heard she was leaving. 
He even went as far as telling Sasha he would bring Matteo and Ian over just so she would change her mind. 
The idea of letting the three of them play together did seem like a great one, and even Sasha found herself a little moved by it. 
“I want to stay here with Grandpa, Mommy! I want to play with Matt and Ian!” Vivian wrapped her arms around Sasha’s leg and begged to stay. 
Fine, I guess I’ll just let her stay here for another two days… I still need to add some furniture to our house anyway… 
With that in mind, Sasha agreed to let Vivian stay. 
The next day was a Saturday, and Frederick had someone bring the two brothers over. Having been separated for about half a year, the three siblings got really carried away playing with each other. 
“Vivi, is it true that Mommy won’t take you overseas again?” 
“Yeah! Vivi will stay here from now on!” Vivian said happily, feeling overjoyed to have her brothers by her side again. 
Matteo and Ian exchanged glances upon hearing that. 
It’s great that Mommy won’t be leaving the country anymore, but… They’ve been here for quite some time now, so why hasn’t Daddy paid them a visit yet? Come to think of it, Daddy has never mentioned a thing about it in Frontier Bay! 
The two of them frowned at the thought of that.
“We should have Mommy and Daddy meet up.” 
“How will we do that?” 
“We’ll have both Mommy and Daddy come over for a meal! That way, they’ll be able to meet each other!” 
Matteo had always been the one with brilliant ideas and proposed his plan to them. 
Ian gave it some thought and agreed with his suggestion. 
“Okay, I’ll call Mommy right away and tell her to come over tonight!” Vivian was thrilled and offered to call Sasha herself. 
Being the eldest of the three, Ian naturally took up the task of calling Sebastian. 
Sasha was painting the moldy walls in the house when she received the call, and she broke into a faint smile when she heard Vivian inviting her over for dinner. 
“What’s the matter, Vivi? It’s been so many days now, and you still don’t feel like coming home?” 
“No, it’s not that! It’s… We’ve prepared a huge surprise for you tonight, Mommy!” 
Vivian wasn’t really good at lying and nearly exposed their plans. 
A big surprise, huh? Okay, I’ll head over and see what surprise these kids have in store for me! 
With a huge smile on her face, Sasha hung up the phone and called out to Lance who was busy moving the furniture, “Go get ready, Lennie! We’re heading over to the Hayes residence for dinner with Vivi!” 
“Oh, okay!” 
Lance happily put his stuff down and ran off to get changed.
In the evening, the two of them arrived at Hayes residence as promised. 
“Hello, Tim.” 
“Ah, Ms. Wand, you’re here! Come on in! Mr. Hayes Sr. has already had someone prepare the food, so we’re all just waiting for you and Mr. Hayes to arrive.” 
Sasha, who had deliberately worn a brand new dress for the dinner, felt her heart skip a beat when she heard what Tim said. 
Mr. Hayes? Huh… These kids sure don’t disappoint! 
With that in mind, she entered the house feeling excited. 
While it was true that her children did not disappoint her, Sebastian did by not showing up, and he didn’t even bother calling to inform them. 
“Um… I’m sorry, Sasha… You see, Sebastian doesn’t really remember certain things, and he hardly ever comes here these days, so please don’t take it to heart. I’ll be sure to give him a proper lecture later on!” Frederick quickly explained when he saw how upset Sasha looked because of Sebastian’s absence. 
Sasha’s pale lips twitched slightly upon hearing that. 
He doesn’t remember? No, he does. I’m the only one here who knows he didn’t really get his memory erased… So, what does it mean if he chose not to show up? 
###Chapter 395
Chapter 395
With a wry smile on her face, Sasha headed back home feeling utterly disappointed. 
It pained Vivian to see her mommy so upset. “Why didn’t Daddy come over for dinner, Mommy? Does he not want us anymore?” 
Sasha didn’t know what to say in response to her question. 
Maybe he really doesn’t want us anymore… No… Now that I’ve decided to take the first step, I won’t let him abandon us! 
Having regained her fighting spirit, she gave Vivian’s chubby body a hug and said, “No, Daddy is just a little busy, that’s all. Since we’re moving in tomorrow, we can go to Frontier Bay and invite them over for a meal! Both Daddy and your brothers. What do you think?” 
“Okay!” 
Vivian giggled and clapped her hands happily. 
Avoiding me, are you? Fine, I’ll show up at your doorstep, then! Let’s see how you can hide from that! 
Sasha thought to herself with a decisive look in her eyes. 
After Matteo and Ian returned to Royal Court One in Frontier Bay, the two of them ran upstairs to confront Sebastian who was in the study. 
“Why didn’t you show up for dinner at Grandpa’s, Daddy? Was that on purpose?”
Roxanne was in the study too, and she quickly defended Sebastian when she heard what Matteo said. “That’s where you’re wrong, Matteo. Can’t you see that your daddy is busy working right now?” 
However, that only made Matteo even angrier. 
“That’s not true! You wouldn’t let Daddy go because you’re afraid of him seeing Mommy! Do you think I don’t know your plans, you evil woman?” 
“You…” 
Roxanne got mad and stood up from the couch. 
Ian quickly pulled his brother behind him. “What are you doing?” 
Despite his young age, his tone was almost as cold as Sebastian’s, much to Roxanne’s chagrin. 
Eventually, she swallowed her anger and walked up to Sebastian who had been sitting quietly by the desk the whole time. “Sebastian Hayes! Are you going to just sit around and let your kids slander me like this?” 
The way she had rudely addressed him by his full name was a lot different from Xandra’s more cautious approach. 
However, what Roxanne failed to realize was the fact that she had changed a lot over time. 
Instead of just losing her temper and lashing out angrily on the spot like she normally would have, Roxanne was actually trying to please Sebastian without even noticing it. 
Having taken a shower and changed into a light grey casual attire, Sebastian’s icy-cold aura had diminished significantly with the faint scent of shower gel and relaxed appearance. 
However, that only made the cold look in his eyes a lot more intense as he glared at them.
“Ian, take your brother downstairs and go to bed.” 
“Why?” 
“You two went over to your Grandpa’s today without my permission. Ian, I’m being very lenient here by allowing you boys to see her, but you’d better not push it or you’ll regret it dearly!” Sebastian said, and the cold look in his eyes made it clear that he wasn’t kidding. 
Matteo’s eyes reddened as he stood behind Ian. 
“Daddy, you meanie! I don’t love you anymore!” he shouted as he ran off with tears rolling down his face, and his cries could be heard from the study upstairs for quite a long time. 
Ian went livid with rage and glared daggers at Sebastian before going after his brother. 
Roxanne grinned gleefully as she watched from the side. 
Despite being overjoyed, she put on a magnanimous act and said, “Now, now… Don’t be so angry, Sebastian. They’re still kids, after all!” 
I was actually worried about Sasha’s sudden return as I feared Sebastian would go see her and end up rekindling their past relationship. However, it seems my concerns were completely unnecessary after all! Sebastian’s cold and indifferent attitude toward her proves that his memory has truly been erased! 
With that in mind, Roxanne left the room with a huge smile on her face. 
A few minutes later, Sebastian came downstairs to see Matteo and Ian. 
“The boys are already asleep, Mr. Hayes,” Wendy said. 
She had come over to comfort them and tuck them in when she heard Matteo crying earlier.
Sebastian gave her a slight nod and scanned the bedroom to make sure they were really asleep. 
He was about to return to his bedroom upstairs when Wendy called out to him from behind, “Wait, Mr. Hayes! There’s something I need to talk to you about!” 
In view of her many years of service, Sebastian stopped in his tracks and turned around to face her. 
Wendy swallowed nervously before continuing, “Mr. Hayes, they’re still too young to understand adult affairs. Right now, all they wish for is to be with their parents. If you have the time, and if they aren’t asking for too much, perhaps you could try to fulfill their request.” 
Given her status as a housemaid, what she said was really out of line, and Sebastian had a displeased look on his face when he heard that. 
###Chapter 396
Chapter 396
“What do you mean they aren’t asking for too much? The Wand family and the Hayes are no longer related, so it would be unfair to Roxanne if I were to give that woman a chance to get near me!” 
“Huh?” Wendy was completely taken aback by his response. 
Give her a chance? How could he say that? Has he forgotten how he used to treasure her like she meant the world to him? The others may not be aware, but I know that very well! 
However, she quickly understood why when she saw the cold and indifferent look in his eyes. 
Oh, right… Of course… Mr. Hayes has already forgotten all about their past… His memories of her have been erased, so there’s no way he would care about her! 
Wendy could only let out a sigh as she watched Sebastian walk away. 
The next morning, Matteo and Ian looked listless after waking up as they were still upset about last night. 
Wendy could only try to comfort them when she saw that. “Come on, cheer up! Since your daddy is off work today, I’ll have him take you boys out to the amusement park, okay?” 
“No!” Neither Matteo nor Ian wanted anything to do with Sebastian at the time. 
With no better alternative, Wendy could only carry on with her work while the two played in the hanging garden on the second floor. 
To her surprise, she heard the boys screaming excitedly moments later, “It’s Mommy and Vivi! Look! They’re here!”
“Yeah! Over here, Mommy!” 
Standing by the fence of the hanging garden, Ian waved at the white car that was pulling up into the driveway below. 
Sasha had driven here in a brand new car she bought after making up her mind the night before. 
She rolled the windows down when she saw the two boys shouting excitedly and called out to Vivian who was in the child car seat, “Look, Vivi! Your brothers are welcoming you!” 
“Really?” 
Vivian was preparing the breakfast that she had brought them and stuck her head out the window when she heard that. 
“Matt! Ian! Come on downstairs! I brought you two a lot of tasty treats!” 
“Yay!” 
Just like that, the two boys who felt depressed moments ago came running downstairs happily in a heartbeat. 
A few minutes later, all four of them were standing by the front door, and Wendy hurried over to let them in. 
“Long time no see, Ms. Wand! What brings you here so early in the morning?” 
Wendy was delighted about Sasha coming over, and her eyes lit up with joy when she saw her at the door. 
Sasha took a glance inside the villa and said awkwardly, “Yeah, about that… The renovations are officially completed for my house, so I was hoping to bring these boys home. I’m not sure if that’s okay
with their daddy, though…” 
“Ah, I’m afraid I can’t make that decision for Mr. Hayes. How about you ask him yourself?” Wendy said while pointing at the third floor. 
So he really is still at home! 
Sasha felt her heart skip a beat from joy, and she quickly adjusted her dress as she said, “Matteo, Ian, you two look after your sister, okay? Mommy’s going to have a talk with Daddy.” 
“Okay!” 
Are you kidding me? Our silly Mommy is finally taking the initiative! This is such a miracle! All the best, Mommy! You can do it! 
The triplets nodded profusely in unison and watched as Sasha entered the fancy villa that she had left for almost half a year. 
The interior was mostly unchanged, and the huge chandelier hanging from the ceiling gave it an extravagant look even during the day. The spotless glass windows and the milky white couch gave off a warm glow in contrast to the icy-cold tiles, which added on to that luxurious vibe. 
I remember this place like it was yesterday… 
Sebastian wasn’t the type who spends every waking hour working. Whenever he had the time, he would stay home on Sundays to spend time with his kids. 
Sasha went straight to the third floor and saw his bedroom door still tightly shut. 
For a brief moment, she spaced out and had a flashback of the time Sebastian had kidnapped her from Clear and brought her here.
The two of them were truly at loggerheads with each other back then. Although that was no longer the case, it still felt like they were back where they started. 
Sasha took a deep breath to recompose herself and knocked on the door. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
The clear sound of her knocking sounded as clear as a bell and could be heard throughout the entire floor that was in complete silence. 
After about a few minutes, she heard a rustling noise coming from inside the room. 
“Who is it?” 
Sebastian’s familiar-sounding deep voice could be heard as he asked in annoyance while opening the door, making Sasha a lot more nervous. 
###Chapter 397
Chapter 397
“Who lets you—” Sebastian stopped abruptly. 
Indeed, he was furious. He had not gotten much sleep, and it was dawn when he was finally about to doze off. However, he had barely closed his eyes when he heard a knock on the door. 
The sight of the woman at his door made him stop mid-sentence. 
“Hi, it’s been a while. Oh, did I wake you up? I’m sorry. I came to look for you because… I wanted to ask you, may I take Matteo and Little Ian to the Wand family’s residence today? I… I’m moving in today,” Sasha said nervously, her palms sweaty. 
The moment he opened the door and glared at her like he was about to eat her alive, she felt a shiver run down her spine. 
Is he angry that I’m here? No, even if he is angry, I can’t back down. I’ve got to persist. Only then will I stand a chance. 
Sasha swallowed hard. “Also, I’d like to invite y-you to… join us. Is that okay?” 
She put aside her pride, something she had never done before, and looked at him cautiously with wide eyes. She looked like a well-behaved kitten waiting to be petted. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
For a split second, he was about to relent.
He had never seen her like that nor heard her try to be nice to him before. As far as he could remember, they were like two prickly hedgehogs and as stubborn as rocks when they were together. They just rubbed each other the wrong way. 
So what’s she up to now? The Wand family has risen from the ashes, and she has achieved her goal. Does she feel that something is missing in her life if the kids aren’t with her? 
Instantly, the emotional turbulence raging within him subsided. It was like he turned into a completely different person. 
“Ms. Wand, are you perhaps confused? Do we still have any form of relationship?” he asked coldly. 
“Huh?” Sasha felt like she was struck by lightning. 
“Why should I go to your house? I already have a fiancée, so we should keep our distance. Or do you want my fiancée to misunderstand?” he retorted. His harsh words showed his disapproval of what she had said and his protectiveness over his fiancée. 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
She could not believe he would tell her off like that and that he would be so protective of Roxanne. 
Did he really lose his memory? Otherwise, why would he say such mean things? Doesn’t he know that it’ll hurt my feelings? 
Sasha’s eyes reddened. “No. You… Why are you…” she stammered. 
“What about me? Sasha Wand, the fact that I didn’t stop you from seeing the kids was my way of showing you mercy. I hope you won’t try to take things too far. Otherwise, don’t blame me if you don’t even get to see the kids!” he snapped. 
With that, he slammed the door shut with a loud bang.
Sasha gaped. 
Something seemed to snap in her, and tears began to stream down her cheeks. 
It’s not like that. That’s not what I meant. Can’t you see that I’m back? 
Sasha had never been so heartbroken. 
That day, Sasha took the two kids back with her. 
After that, she did not return to Frontier Bay, nor did she visit the Hayes residence. It was as if she had disappeared off the face of the earth. 
Because of that, Frederick was furious. 
“You brat, did you say something to her? Why hasn’t she been here? Don’t you know that I miss my beloved granddaughter?” he asked Sebastian angrily, having gone all the way to Sebastian’s office to ask him that. 
Sebastian sat in his office. Before him was a pile of documents to go through, and on his computer were a ton of emails waiting for him to reply. He looked grim and emanated a chilling aura. When he heard what Frederick had come to say, he flung his pen onto his desk. 
“If you want to see her, then go and look for her. Why are you here? Why is it my fault? Do you think I have so much free time?” Sebastian snapped. 
Frederick was speechless. 
After a while, he waved a finger at Sebastian and growled, “If it isn’t your fault, then do you think it’s mine? She hasn’t been back since she went to your place that day. Who knows what you said to her?”
Sebastian stared at him wordlessly. Just as he felt the urge to grab something and smash it, Frederick’s phone rang. 
“Hello? What is it, Tim?” Frederick said. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve located Ms. Wand. She’s in Adonia contacting the Wand family’s previous clients. It was Mr. Brandon who informed me about it.” 
“Brandon?” Frederick repeated, raising his voice. “Why would he know where she is?” 
Tim replied, “That’s because he’s with Ms. Wand. He’s helping her with contacting the clients since he’s familiar with that area.” 
Frederick breathed a sigh of relief when he heard that. “Okay, call Brandon and tell him to take good care of Sasha. Let me know if anything comes up.” 
Then, Frederick hung up the call. Without even looking at Sebastian, he left with a grin on his face. 
Sebastian pressed his knuckles together. 
Unable to control his emotions any longer, he swept everything off his desk. 
###Chapter 398
Chapter 398
Sasha was indeed in Adonia at that moment. 
Now that she had revived Wand Enterprise, she wanted to get it off the ground as soon as possible. The best way to do that was to get in touch with their previous clients and convince them to do business with Wand Enterprise once again. 
And there were many old clients in Adonia that used to make large orders from them. 
“I have to give it to you. I can’t believe you came looking for me after you found out that I was filming here,” Brandon said. 
He could not help feeling pleased about becoming her guide. 
But that was how he always was. He acted like Sasha was nothing but trouble every time she came looking for him. He would either end up being beaten or something similarly miserable. 
However, whenever she needed his help, he was still eagerly at her beck and call. 
Sasha knew it too, which was why she felt rather uncomfortable when she saw the pleased look on his face. 
“What choice did I have? I only have one friend, and that’s you. Oh, let’s eat after going to Gerrain Enterprise. I’ll treat you to a feast, okay?” said Sasha. 
“Sure! I want to go to the grandest restaurant here and order to my heart’s content. Do you have any problem with that?” he replied mischievously, leaning toward her and blowing gently on her ear.
“Get lost!” Sasha exclaimed. 
His breath tickling her ear gave her goosebumps and she reached out to push him away. 
Ten minutes later, they arrived at Gerrain Enterprise. 
Since Gerrain Enterprise was doing quite well, it would be a great help to Sasha if they agreed to work with Wand Enterprise once again. 
When they met with the owner of Gerrain Enterprise, Sasha placed the gifts she had brought on his desk and said, “Mr. Lovano, let me cut to the chase. It was thanks to your support that Wand Enterprise enjoyed the success it had all those years ago. Now that Wand Enterprise has resumed operations, if you’d be so kind as to give us a chance, I promise to offer you factory prices on all our products. What do you say?” 
“Factory price?” Travis Lovano echoed. He smiled before continuing, “Young lady, how old are you? Are you over twenty years old? Do you know what it means when you offer factory prices?” 
Sasha fell silent. Doesn’t he believe me? 
She glanced at her clothes, slightly regretting that she had dressed casually in a plain pair of jeans and a T-shirt. 
“Of course. It would mean that we won’t be earning a profit. However, if you order from us, those old clients of ours would surely follow suit. Since I’ll be using you as a walking billboard, what more could I ask for?” Sasha explained smoothly without a trace of panic. 
Travis was stunned. He had not expected her to be so frank. She’s Rufus’ daughter, isn’t she? It looks like she has pluck and brains.
In the end, Travis agreed, but on one condition. He was meeting a client that night, and the client was a notoriously tough nut to crack. Travis had been trying to close a deal with him for the longest time. If Sasha could help him seal the deal, he would sign a contract with Wand Enterprise. 
“Isn’t he just making things difficult?” Brandon glowered when he heard that. 
Sasha was also unhappy about it. However, she knew that if she wanted Travis to partner with the Wand family, she had no choice but to endure it. 
Therefore, she agreed to Travis’ condition. 
Once they came out of Gerrain Enterprise, Brandon could not hold in his anger anymore and scolded Sasha. “Why did you have to agree to it? He couldn’t even handle it himself, but now he’s asking you to do it. Isn’t it clear that he’s finding a way to turn you down?” 
“So what? At least he gave me a chance. I’m not my father, so I should thank my lucky stars that he didn’t chase me out of his office right away,” Sasha explained with a frown. Although Travis’ request left her feeling somewhat helpless, she could understand why he did so. 
After hearing her say that, what else could Brandon say? 
They decided to stay at a hotel until Travis sent them the information on where to meet that night. 
And because Travis remarked that Sasha’s outfit made her look like she was playing house, Brandon purposely went out in the afternoon and bought her a new dress. 
Sasha was speechless when she saw it. 
She did not know how to express her gratitude. All she could do was change into the dress obediently. 
Brandon was dazed when he saw her in it.
“All right, I’m ready. Let’s go then,” Sasha said after she had changed and saw that Travis had sent her a message. She picked up her handbag and prepared to leave. 
Golden Gate Club? What sort of place is that? Is it a hotel? 
She had walked out of the hotel and hailed a taxi when she saw Brandon rushing up with something in his hand. 
“What’s that?” she asked. 
“A scarf, of course. It goes with the dress. Well, hurry up and put it on,” Brandon said. 
Without waiting for an answer, he draped the white scarf over her bare shoulders. 
A scarf? Is that necessary? Why do I have a bad feeling? 
She looked warily at the scarf and the dress she was wearing. 
However, the taxi was waiting for them, so she had no choice but to go along with it. They got into the taxi, and she said to the driver, “The Golden Gate Club, please.” 
“Okay,” the driver answered. 
Then, the taxi sped off. 
Golden Gate Club was a famous nightclub located in the eastern part of the city. The place would come alive after dark and was one of the hottest spots for the wealthy. 
Once Brandon got down from the taxi and took a look at the nightclub, his handsome face paled, and he looked ready to kill someone! 
###Chapter 399
Chapter 399
“Look at this place! Do you still dare to go in?” Brandon asked. 
Sasha was silent, her face pale. But since I’m already here, I can’t back out. I’ll go in and take a look. If it’s too much, then I’ll leave. 
Lifting her skirt slightly so that she would not step on it, she walked into the club, her heels clicking on the floor. 
With her graceful gait and simple makeup that highlighted her features, she looked just like a flower in full bloom. As soon as she stepped into the nightclub, all eyes fell on her. 
“Is this the newest arrival at Golden Gate Club?” someone remarked. 
“Looks like it. Someone like her is a breath of fresh air. She’s much better than the uncouth ones around here,” another person said. 
“Right? Quick, let’s go and ask the boss,” the first person replied. 
Then, those men who could not wait to strip the clothes off Sasha’s body hurried off to look for the nightclub’s boss. 
Sasha was oblivious to it all. 
She had no idea that the dress Brandon got her would cause so much trouble. 
Brandon was someone in the entertainment industry where the women jostled for attention by making every effort to dress up. And because of their influence, he had chosen that dress for Sasha.
Soon after they entered the nightclub, Sasha found the private room Travis had mentioned in his message. 
“I’m here, Mr. Lozano,” she said as she walked in. 
The smell of alcohol hung in the air of the dimly lit private room, and the atmosphere made one feel uneasy. As soon as Sasha walked in, she saw several coquettish ladies seated on the couch, and they were pressing their bodies up against a man. 
“Ah, Sasha. Come in. Let me introduce you to Frank Wheatley. He’s one of our most prominent businessmen around here,” Travis said. 
Travis had looked up when he heard Sasha’s voice, and his eyes lit up immediately. Well, well. She’s gorgeous once she dresses up. 
Frank also turned to look at Sasha. She wore a pearl white dress that showed off her slim waist, making her look tall and slender. With her fair skin, delicate features, and sparkling eyes, she looked absolutely breathtaking. 
Frank’s eyes widened, and he immediately pushed aside the women next to him. Where did such an ethereal beauty come from? Is she even human? 
When Sasha saw that, she instantly felt a hint of disgust. 
“Mr. Wheatley,” she greeted. 
“Pretty lady, come over here and let me take a good look at you. Tsk tsk, Travis, where did you find someone like her? She’s so much better than any of these other ones,” Frank said. 
Sasha did not expect him to utter such perverse words and lunge toward her. 
The color drained from her face, and she took a few steps backward.
At that moment, Brandon stepped in front of Sasha. “What’s going on? Mr. Lozano, is this the client you mentioned? Do you have a death wish?” he demanded, raising his leg and aiming a kick at the disgusting bastard. 
When Travis saw that, he quickly pulled Frank back. 
“Mr. Wheatley, you’re mistaken. She’s not one of the girls here. She’s Sasha Wand, and she’s a friend of mine. I invited her here tonight to hang out with us,” Travis explained. 
“A friend?” When Frank heard that, he glanced at Sasha a trifle sadly and had no choice but to suppress his urges. 
Sasha could not bear to stay in the room any longer. She had not expected that the person Travis wanted her help with was someone so disgusting that she felt like throwing up. Nonetheless, when she thought about her family, she forced herself to put up with it. 
“That’s right, Mr. Wheatley. I’m a friend of Mr. Lozano’s. I heard that you’re a very successful businessman. Would you consider giving Mr. Lozano a chance? Gerrain Enterprise is one of the best,” said Sasha. 
“So you’re here to broker a deal,” Frank replied. 
The plump jerk! He figured it out immediately. Oh well, so be it. I won’t have to beat around the bush then. 
Sasha nodded. “I wouldn’t go so far as to say that. A nobody like me wouldn’t have the right to do so. Rather, I’m here to analyze the situation for you so that you can see how much benefits you’ll gain by working with Gerrain Enterprise.” 
“Such as?” Frank asked.
“For example, if you work with Mr. Lozano, I can find a way to sell the futures that you’ve tried to get rid of for so long. Oh, you haven’t gotten a single cent from the bonds you got from those other companies, have you? I can help you with that too,” Sasha replied with a calm and polite smile in her eyes. 
Frank’s expression changed. How does she know about all that? No, that’s not important. What’s more important is that she says she has a solution. How is she going to do that? 
Despite the fact that she was not over twenty years old, Frank began to take her seriously. 
“You’re not just full of hot air, are you? I’ve asked many experienced people about that, but I still haven’t been able to find a solution. How is a young lady like you going to handle it?” he asked. 
“By relying on the same skills that allowed me to work on Wall Street and achieve a record of one billion in orders. Mr. Wheatley, is that enough?” Sasha answered. 
Everyone was shocked. 
There was complete silence in the private room. 
###Chapter 400
Chapter 400
In the end, Sasha managed to help Travis in closing the deal with Frank. 
And once the filthy rich Frank found out who she was, he even signed a contract with her worth over tens of millions. 
It was an unexpected windfall. 
Overcome with emotions, Sasha went over to the two men and raised her glass. “Mr. Wheatley, Mr. Lozano, here’s to you!” 
“All right, come on. Cheers!” the two men chorused. 
With business out of the way, a beautiful lady before them, and the fact that they were there to have a good time, there was no reason to reject a toast. Therefore, they proceeded to drink to their heart’s content. 
When Sebastian kicked open the door to the private room, they were drinking merrily. As for Sasha, after a few glasses of wine, she had taken the initiative to sit down next to Frank. 
The door flew open with a loud bang, and everyone in the private room turned to stare at Sebastian, wine glasses in hand. 
What’s going on? Why is he here? Sasha’s mind went blank for a moment. 
Brandon was also shocked. He stared at Sebastian in disbelief, suspecting that his eyes were playing tricks on him. What a coincidence! Is he here for business too?
It was deadly silent in the private room that one could hear a pin drop. 
“Who is he? How did he barge in? Waiter! Is this how you do your job? Are you thinking of closing down by letting this sort of riff-raff in?” Frank demanded, launching into a tirade once he recovered from the shock. 
Sasha jolted back to her senses, but it was too late. Sebastian had kicked open the door looking worried and anxious. However, the moment he laid eyes on the scene in the private room, his gaze darkened, and he saw red. Then, he turned on his heel and left. 
No! 
Without a second thought, Sasha tossed aside the glass in her hand and picked up her skirt. As she hurried after Sebastian, she called out, “Sebastian, wait! Sebastian!” 
She ran as fast as she could, but he was even faster. 
He strode away quickly as if he was escaping from something disgusting and detestable. His gaze was cold and filled with abhorrence. It did not take him long to go down to the second floor. 
When Sasha saw that, she became frantic. 
“Sebastian, listen to me. It’s not what you think it is.” She took off her shoes hastily, worried that she would not be able to catch up and that we would disappear before her very eyes. 
She never would have guessed that this would happen. 
The last time she saw him, he had brushed her off so coldly that all hope had vanished. That was why when she saw him kick open the door, she felt as though she had been struck by lightning. 
Did he think that I was getting bullied? Is that why he showed up at that very moment? If that’s true, then does that mean despite his coldness, he has been secretly keeping an eye on me? It’s just like in
Moranta when our relationship was falling apart. I said some very mean things, but he still arranged for someone to stay by my side. 
Sasha saw Sebastian about to exit the nightclub. Anxious to catch up to him, she tried to take longer strides as she descended the stairs. 
However, the dress that Brandon bought for her was much too long. And especially since she had taken off her heels. 
As she took a step forward, she tripped over the hem of her skirt and lost her balance, tumbling down the stairs. 
“Sasha!” Brandon’s voice shouted from behind her. 
Is she crazy? He’s gone, so what’s the point of chasing after him? Doesn’t she remember how he treated her? 
Brandon rushed toward her, his face pale with worry. 
At the same time, the others in the club stopped what they were doing and turned to stare in surprise. 
Once he was at her side, he helped her up. “How are you feeling? Are you okay? Did you hurt yourself?” he asked anxiously. Although she had made her way halfway down the flight of stairs before tripping, she had still fallen from a height and could well have gotten hurt. 
However, what infuriated Brandon the most was even after helping her up and seeing the injuries on her palms and face, she did not pay the slightest attention to them. Instead, she gazed at the doors to the club with tears in her eyes and said, “He’s gone…” 
Brandon was dumbstruck.
He was about to tell her off harshly when they saw a tall, slender figure pacing in front of the doors. 
“Oh, look! Look, he’s back! Sebastian, don’t go. I can explain.” 
Although she had just been crying a second ago, she immediately brightened up and smiled. She tried to get up, but as soon as she made a slight movement, she flinched from the pain and sank back down to the floor. 
“Ouch—” she groaned. 
“Why are you trying to get up? Don’t you know the state you’re in?” Branded snapped. 
Sasha was silent. She gazed at the figure by the doors with tear-filled eyes and a hurt expression. Finally, Sebastian strode over to her. 
###Chapter 401
Chapter 401
“Sebastian…” 
This man looks so grim. 
On his chiseled face, every line and curve contributed to his unnerving hostility. Between his brows were creased lines from frowning. A strong gust of murderous rage emanated from him, and not to forget, the horrifying look of his desire to skin Sasha alive and crush her into pieces was blasting from his eyes. 
“You’re getting bolder, huh?” Towering over her, he gave her a death stare for a good few seconds before spitting those words out. 
Instantly, Sasha obediently admitted her fault. “Yeah, I’m at fault. I shouldn’t have come here alone to discuss business with that kind of people. You know, no one has ever taught me anything. I’ve never worked in this industry, so I’m clueless. That’s why I came when he asked me to.” 
What? Did I hear it wrong? No one taught her? What about those reminders I told her this morning? 
Brandon, who was at a corner, was left speechless and wanted to serve her a tight slap so desperately. 
Luckily, he knew Sebastian was not easy to be fooled with either. 
“You’re clueless? I see that you’re having a great time drinking with him just now. It was such a great time that you almost sat on his lap!” 
“Huh?” Sasha, who was still teary-eyed, was shocked to hear that.
Just now? How would I remember when I’m drunk? But since he’s so angry about it, does that mean he’s jealous? He must be jealous, right? 
Sasha was instantly ecstatic. 
“I-I was forced to drink just now. He said he’d sign the contract with me if I drank five glasses. He’s the old client of the Wand family; I must clinch the deal.” 
Sebastian did not say anything. 
“Besides, I never sat on his lap, I swear. Look, I’ve prepared my needles. I’ll kill him if he ever tries to take advantage of me.” 
Finishing her words, Sasha specifically fished out a long and thin needle from the pocket on her dress. 
Brandon was dumbfounded with her action and at a loss of words because of how shameless Sasha was. 
It’s a waste of talent that she didn’t become an actress! 
Eventually, Sebastian did not continue arguing with Sasha. After all, he was an influential figure at a place with a mixture of people from all walks of life. It would do him no good if he stayed at such a place any longer. 
Therefore, he left just like that; but of course, with Sasha along too. 
Sasha heaved a huge breath of relief. 
She had finally got him in her hands again. This time, she would never let go of him so easily again. 
When the two were brought outside a five-star hotel, Sebastian stopped the car and immediately asked someone to pull Sasha out.
“Send her back to Avenport.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
“Also, take him to Thymion. I don’t want to see him any time soon.” 
He was radiating a chilly aura from head to toe as he pointed to the two and commanded immediate execution for his instructions. 
What the heck. What is he up to? 
Brandon protested against it at once. “I don’t want to go to Thymion. I’m still filming. Why must I go there?” 
Sebastian let out a contemptuous smile. “Sure, you can. But I can guarantee you’ll disappear from showbiz within three days. Perhaps you can end up fishing at the beach with your brother. How about that? Sounds good?” 
“You-” 
Brandon was so infuriated that his face grimaced. 
Nevertheless, there was no way he could go against the powerful Sebastian. 
Sasha felt slightly sorry and wanted to go up to comfort him, only to get stared at by two sharp gazes. Immediately, she tucked her head in unwittingly and stayed quiet. 
Oh gosh. I must have jinxed him again. 
After Brandon was taken away, there was only Sasha left. 
“Ms. Wand, please get in the car.”
“Nope, I won’t. I want to leave with him.” Like how Brandon did earlier, Sasha mustered up her courage and resisted following the instructions. 
At this point, Sebastian had already gone into the hotel. Karl, who was still there standing beside the car, smiled after hearing her words. “Mr. Hayes has already been nice to you, Ms. Wand. You should know when to quit and not take things too far.” 
Nice? Is that the way to describe him for causing me to be in this state? 
Sasha shook her head. “No, Mr. Frost. Your boss has come here especially because of me. I can’t just leave like that. I need to go back with him.” 
“What are you saying? Specially came over for you?” Hearing her words, Karl was surprised and let out an amused look. 
“Ms. Wand, I’m afraid that’s all your wishful thinking. Mr. Hayes has been here for two days. He came here for the sake of an appointment with a client.” 
“What? He’s been here for two days already?” 
“That’s right. But Mr. Hayes indeed headed over to Golden Gate Club after hearing that you were there. The club’s boss belongs to Mr. Hayes’ friend. The boss recognizes you too; that’s why he informed Mr. Hayes after seeing you there. But you can’t really say that he did it for you. He won’t be able to explain to Ian and Matteo if anything happens to you. Don’t you agree?” 
By the end of his tirade, anyone could tell that Karl’s tone was full of sarcasm. 
Sasha’s face paled. 
So it’s not? But I thought… 
###Chapter 402
Chapter 402
Sasha could only feel a lump in her throat, unable to continue any further. The warmth and joy that once filled her had seemingly all dissipated. 
The harsh winds that gushed in were so cold that even her bones hurt. 
“Ms. Wand?” 
“I-I got it… But I still won’t leave. I only want to leave with him. Go up and tell him that I’ll be waiting for him here. I’ll wait here till he comes and take me back, no matter if it’s a day or two.” 
Sasha’s eyes turned red-rimmed as she put forth her words in an extremely firm manner. 
Those words were the most wimpish and disgraceful that she had ever said in her whole life. 
Sasha was once a lady with unyielding character. Years ago, when she left the Hayes Residence, she walked off without looking back despite her miserable state, even when her two babies were still crying for food. 
But now, she was no different from a shameless person, standing by the hotel entrance, waiting for him. 
All that she wanted was to get the man who left her back. 
Sebastian, I’m back. Can we live happily from now on? You’ve mentioned before you don’t wish to see our kids grow up in an incomplete family. If so, then shall we forget the past and start afresh? 
That night, Sasha had indeed spent it at the hotel lobby. 
And as expected, Sebastian did not come down.
No one knew if Karl had called to inform him about it, or perhaps he just could not be bothered about it. 
In any case, Sasha did not see him even after waking up from her sleep on the couch. And the trouble was, the few spots that she had injured herself previously were swelling up. 
“Excuse me, may I know where the washroom is?” 
“There.” 
The receptionist at the hotel’s front desk did not have a good attitude toward her, perhaps because they could not chase her away, and yet, she did not want to book a room. 
Sasha headed toward the direction of the washroom. 
As she got in, she lifted her skirt to a dreadful sight—her knees were not only red and swollen but covered with abrasion wounds as well. 
It seems like I’ll have to get them treated. 
Sasha frowned. As a doctor, she knew she had to get some medicine to treat her wounds to prevent her from inflammation and restricted her mobility the next day. 
With that, Sasha left the hotel. 
Meanwhile, in the hotel’s penthouse suite, Sebastian did not sleep either. He was still busy with work matters. 
Ring! 
In the middle of the night, the phone on the table suddenly rang. It was loud and clear in comparison to the utter silence.
He stopped his fingers that were hitting the keyboard buttons and grabbed his phone before unlocking it. 
It was a message from Karl. Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand has finally left. 
Sebastian sneered and tossed his phone aside. 
He had never believed her words. After knowing her for so long, he knew she was someone who would come up with all kinds of excuses and made them sound just. 
Wait for me? Why? Did she forget she said that the Wand family and the Blackwood family had ended up that way because of me? 
He remained cold and grim as he furrowed his brows and shoved that matter aside, disregarding it. 
About an hour or so later, the doorbell to this penthouse suite suddenly rang. 
Who is looking for me at this late hour? 
He frowned as got up to open the door. 
“Mr. Hayes, sorry to disturb you. Here’s a mushroom soup, as well as some pastries. The lady at the lobby has ordered them for you. She asked me to tell you that it’s late into the night, so have some and head to bed for a good rest.” 
Seeing that Sebastian opened the door, the hotel server at the door hurriedly passed the items to him with a smile on her face. 
Sebastian narrowed his gaze. 
A lady? Could it be…? 
Right at that moment, Karl called. Sebastian answered, “Yes?”
Karl continued, “Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand is… she’s back again. I’m sorry I’ve made a mistake. I-I thought she’d left, but it turns out she only left to the pharmacy to get some medicine. Now, she’s back again.” 
He was stammering throughout his speech, possibly because he did not do his job well. 
Sebastian’s face darkened yet again. 
Nonetheless, even he did not realize that his forbidding aura had toned down a lot at that moment. 
“Go get her a room.” 
“Got it, Mr. Hayes.” Karl hung up after getting the instructions. 
As for the hotel server, she was chased off by Sebastian heartlessly. 
I won’t eat! 
He doesn’t want to eat? 
When Sasha saw the server back at the lobby with the soup and pastries in her hands, she was instantly left disappointed. 
Just then, she saw Karl coming in again. 
“Get that lady a room, lest it affects the hotel’s operations,” Karl instructed the receptionist as he calmly shot a glance at Sasha, who had band-aids from head to toe. 
Sasha looked at him, confused. 
Get a room? Why get me one out of the blue? Is he doing that to prevent me from meeting Sebastian getting out of the hotel tomorrow?
At the thought of this, Sasha instantly declined the offer. “No, Mr. Frost. I don’t need a room. I’m all good sitting there.” 
###Chapter 403
Chapter 403
Afraid that Karl would drag her to the room by force, Sasha immediately ran to the couch and sat on it as she stared at him with her guard up. 
Karl was left speechless by her act. 
Is that woman a fool? Isn’t it a good thing that we’re getting her a room to rest? 
Karl head hurt a little. “Ms. Wand, this is Mr. Hayes’s instructions.” 
“What?” 
After hearing Karl’s words, Sasha’s bloodshot eyes widened. “That gives me more reasons to refuse. You can leave now. Don’t be bothered about me. I’ll just stay here.” 
With that, she lay down on the couch with her face facing inward and started ignoring Karl. 
Karl, at his wits’ ends, gnashed his teeth together. 
He had wanted to take forceful measures to send that woman to the room, but on second thoughts, he did not dare to touch her. After all, he knew there was no need for Sebastian to personally deal with the business here, at least for now. Yet, he still did and still stayed for two days. 
What a woman! 
In the end, Sasha still spent the whole night in the hotel lobby. 
The next day, she was jolted awake by a horrible din.
Every day after sunrise at this hotel lobby, there would be a milling crowd of guests, creating an unavoidable amount of noise. It was especially so when they gossiped as they saw a young lady lying on the couch in the lobby. 
Pulling herself up from her position, Sasha then headed to the washroom. 
“Look, guys. She’s the woman who spends the night here. Who exactly is she? The dress she’s wearing is an expensive one; can’t she afford to get herself a room?” 
“Who knows. Perhaps she got dumped?” 
While facing the mirror and washing her face, all Sasha could hear were the whispers the strangers made. 
Got dumped? Isn’t that true? I might get that treatment anytime soon. 
Sasha sighed. She haphazardly packed her stuff and walked out of the washroom, heading toward the front desk. 
“Good morning. May I know if Mr. Hayes in the penthouse suite has come down today?” 
“Mr. Hayes? He has already left. He uses a private elevator that leads to the basement parking lot directly. Don’t you know about that?” 
Never would she expect to receive such a piece of bad news from the receptionist early in the morning! 
Bloody h*ll! He really left without saying anything? 
After a whole night of torture, that piece of news was nothing but similar to a bucket of ice water thrown at Sasha. Her vision blackened, and she almost lost her foothold. 
“Miss, are you alright?”
The receptionist held out her hand and tried to help steady Sasha’s footing. 
Nevertheless, the latter waved her hand dismissively. As her face drained of all colors, it seemed like she was voided by her last bit of energy as well. 
There was nothing she could do if Sebastian wanted to act that way. 
Even if she mustered her courage and steeled her resolution, there would be no chance for her to get close to him if he was adamant about avoiding and cutting all ties with her. 
Sasha headed back to the couch and sat down, utterly devastated. 
Like a puppet, she gradually bent down and hugged onto her thighs as she an excruciating pain in her heart. 
“Ms. Wand?” 
“Huh?” 
“What’s wrong with you? We’re leaving soon; do you want to come along?” 
There was no reply. 
After a few seconds, Sasha, who was still hugging her thighs, slowly straightened her back and lifted her head. Her face was as white as a sheet. 
It turned out to be Karl! 
Dumbfounded, Sasha was unable to tell if it was the reality or her imagination. 
“What exactly is wrong with you? Why do you look so pale? Are you feeling unwell?” Karl finally realized that something was not right after seeing her complexion and immediately looked to the outside.
Following his reaction, Sasha also turned to look in the same direction, only to find that the stationary car at the hotel entrance was actually the familiar black Bentley. 
“M-My… belly hurts.” 
“Your belly hurts? What happened? Is it because you were sleeping here last night? See, now you know the consequences of refusing my kindness to get you a room,” Karl grumbled. 
He then headed out immediately and walked toward the black Bentley, not daring to waste another second. 
Sasha, who looked slightly more spirited than before, watched Karl doing that while she was still on the couch inside. In the next second, she took out the needle she carried along with her and located the acupuncture point on her belly area before pricking it. 
“Mmm…” 
Beads of cold sweat broke out and rolled down her pale face. 
A couple of minutes later, when Sebastian walked in and saw her in that condition, his expression instantly grew darker. 
“What’s wrong with you?” 
“I-I guess it’s too chilly here. After giving birth to the three kids, I’ll get fatigued easily and have iron deficiency. It’ll hurt when I get too cold.” 
Sasha clutched her belly tightly as she explained to Sebastian. Her silky black hair was getting soaked in the cold sweat she was breaking out. 
Initially, Sebastian did not believe her words.
However, hearing her words, the bloody scene of her giving birth to the three kids a couple of years back flashed before his eyes at once. Without saying anything more, he moved closer to her and carried her up. 
###Chapter 404
Chapter 404
“Why are you still standing there? Get in the car and hurry to the hospital now!” Sebastian hollered, with his tone full of anxiousness. 
Of course, Karl did not dare to waste any more time. 
And so, the few of them who were preparing to head back to Avenport rushed toward the hospital instead. 
An hour later, they arrived at the hospital. 
“Madam, aren’t you just on your period? What’s the fuss all about?” 
“What?” 
Sasha, who still had her hand over her belly while sitting on the bed, widened her eyes in surprise. 
Period cramps? 
Is he a quack doctor? I’ve only used acupuncture to improve my blood circulation. Yet, he said I’m on my period? 
When Sebastian heard the doctor say that, his face stiffened. What followed was a stern glare at Sasha. 
She then quickly explained, “It’s not that. M-My period isn’t here yet, so how is it possible that I’m having period cramps? He must have given a wrong diagnosis.” 
Sebastian was rendered speechless.
“Miss, you’ve stained our bedsheets. How could you still deny it? Shouldn’t you know your body conditions the best?” The nurse aside pointed to the sheets and retorted unpleasantly. 
Sasha could not catch what the nurse meant. 
She lowered her head and looked over to find that the doctor was indeed right. There was a messy stain below her skirt, forming a stark contrast between the crisp white sheets. 
Unable to formulate a response, Sasha grabbed the blanket and covered herself up, hiding from the others. 
The veins on Sebastian’s forehead throbbed and became visibly apparent. 
However, there was nothing else he could do. All he could do was settle the matter on Sasha’s behalf since things had gotten to that point. 
“Since you’ve figured out the cause, then hurry up and treat her!” 
“Sir, there’s no treatment for menstrual cramps. You’ll have to regularly ensure that she’s kept warm and also give her more ginger tea.” 
“I didn’t ask about regular care. I’m asking you for treatment now, be it a shot or some pills. Don’t give me all sorts of excuses.” 
It was clear that Sebastian had lost his patience. 
The doctor was intimidated by Sebastian’s imposing aura and did not dare to talk anymore. He quickly prescribed some painkillers before asking the nurse to put Sasha on an intravenous drip. 
How weird. All I did was pricking an acupuncture point. How did I manage to summon my period? 
Sasha was pretty frustrated about it.
As she did not dare to trouble Sebastian again, she pleaded in a low voice for help when the nurse was helping her with the drip. “Miss, can you help me go get a pack of that?” 
The nurse stared at her. “Isn’t your husband here? Where would I have the luxury of time to go buy it for you?” 
The nurse then took the tray and walked away. 
Sasha was speechless. 
He isn’t my husband. He’s my ex-husband. What’s more, he’s that kind who doesn’t listen to my commands. 
She was in distress. She had thought of heading out to buy it herself, but she reckoned she would become the joke of if she went out with her blood-stained skirt. 
“Mr. Hayes, since Ms. Wand is unwell, should we arrange for someone to take care of her? I just got a call from Mr. Scott, saying there’s an important meeting in the morning. We have to rush back now.” 
After completing the paperwork outside the emergency unit, Karl glanced at the watch on his wrist and headed over to remind Sebastian. 
Regardless, There was no response from him. 
He was clear about work matters. Therefore, he was looking at Luke’s message regarding those important schedules as Karl gave the reminder. 
“Dr. Brown, what do you think is wrong with that lady with period cramps? She even asked me to help her get some sanitary pads. Isn’t her husband over there?” 
“I’m sure her husband is reluctant. Didn’t you see how annoyed and furious he was when I told him it was just cramps? Oh well, she can only blame it on her tough life.”
Just then, a conversation between two people sounded from the doctors’ office. 
At the sound of that, the man outside the office, who was initially busy looking at his phone, instantly stopped whatever he was doing. 
The chiseled, handsome face went beyond ghastly. 
“Mr. Hayes?” Karl, who stood on the other side and did not hear the conservation, realized that something was off and immediately asked in concern. 
Within a split second, he saw that Sebastian had lifted his head and cast his eyes toward the inside of the ward while looking extremely gloomy. 
What exactly is happening? 
Karl was confused as he shot a glance at Sasha, who was still inside. 
“Wait for me here.” Sebastian finally pushed those words through his teeth. 
With that said, he turned and left. 
Karl was confused. He did not know what had happened. 
After some time, at one of the most famous luxury boutique located in the most bustling part of the city, the female sales assistants in the store had their eyes shining in excitement when they saw a man walking in. 
“Welcome, sir. Is there anything I can help you with?” 
That man looked outstanding among the crowd. Besides a pair of cool shades, he was clad in a tailored black suit with the collar slightly open, revealing the crisp white shirt inside. He looked dashing in
appearance. His facial features were beyond words to describe. They were sharp and looked enchanting, similar to the carved features on a sculpture. A single glance was enough to make anyone’s heart skip a beat, yet no one would be able to pull their gaze away from him. 
Wow, this man… who exactly is he? 
The sales assistants were all jumping in excitement, yearning to get near to him to serve him. 
Yet, his expression was cold as ice. 
###Chapter 405
Chapter 405
His gaze swept across the shop and landed on an outfit worn by the mannequin. 
“Do you have other colors for this outfit?” 
“Yes. What color do you like, sir? Who are you buying clothes for? I can help you with your purchases.” 
The salesperson took out every color available and laid them out in front of Sebastian. 
Sebastian took one glance and picked out the white-colored outfit. 
He had never bought any clothes for women before. Back then, both Xandra and Roxanne would pick their clothes themselves, and he would only have to pay for their purchases. 
This was the very first time for him. 
The salesperson was surprised to see him pick such a plain color. “Sir, just this? Do you want a scarf to go with the outfit? Or you can get a skirt in another color.” 
The store was famous for its plain-colored outfits matched with various accessories, so the salesperson was naturally shocked to see this customer picking only a plain-colored outfit without matching it with other accessories. 
“No need,” Sebastian rejected her offer. 
He didn’t think that the garish accessories would suit her. This plain outfit would do the trick. 
Sebastian paid for the outfit and went to a supermarket nearby.
It was his first time buying women’s clothes, let alone feminine products. 
As he was standing in front of the feminine care products silently, a promoter in the supermarket came to him and asked warmly, “Sir, are you here to buy these for your wife?” 
Sebastian felt extremely awkward. 
His expression froze. He had never flinched in front of formidable foes in the business world, but his ears were burning from embarrassment now. 
“Yes…” 
“Ah, that’s nice. I rarely see men buying this for their wives. Do you need night or day pads?” 
Sebastian fell silent. You’re asking me? 
As a crowd formed beside him, he felt like escaping from the scene. 
Luckily, the promoter saw how embarrassed he was and quickly grabbed a few night and day pads for him. 
“Alright, these will do. By the way, you can buy some herbal tea for her if she suffers from period cramps.” 
The promoter then handed him a box of herbal tea. 
Sebastian refused to stay here any longer. He took the box from her and threw it in his shopping basket. 
A few minutes later, he exited the supermarket with his teeth clenched. 
Sasha Wand, just you wait. I’ll make you pay for this! 
Karl had been waiting in the hospital. Upon spotting Sebastian, he went to greet him. “Mr. Hayes—”
Before he could finish, a shopping bag was flung in his direction. 
Karl immediately caught it. 
What is this? 
“Give this bag to her and say you bought these items for her. We shall leave after that,” his employer gritted out between clenched teeth. 
He came back an hour later in a foul mood. Did someone offend him? 
Karl spun on his heels and head into the ward. 
When Sasha poured out the contents of the shopping bag, both of them were astonished. 
“Mr. Frost, you bought them?” Sasha was speechless. 
Karl was shocked. 
When he saw the women’s clothes, feminine products, and herbal tea, he felt like dying on the spot. 
Mr. Hayes, you are a genius! 
“Mr. Frost, why did you buy these? Uh…” 
“No, no. Ms. Wand, I bought these under Mr. Hayes’ order. Don’t get me wrong,” Karl explained. 
Oh, that man told him to buy these stuff. 
Sasha relaxed visibly. Yet, when it occurred to her that Sebastian told his subordinate to buy these personal items for her instead of doing it himself, her gaze dimmed.
Yes, he doesn’t care. That’s why he told someone else to do it, right? 
“Ms. Wand, we need to go. Mr. Hayes needs to head back to work. Take care, and call me if you need anything,” Kurt told her. 
Sasha nodded. Finally, she no longer needed to trouble them. 
What’s the point? I’m lying in the hospital, and he didn’t even bother to buy these personal items for me. It’s useless to cling on to him. 
Disappointed, Sasha lay down in her bed. 
Meanwhile, after Karl left the ward, he found his boss in the car. 
“Mr. Hayes, why did you ask me to say that? Ms. Wand was upset when she heard that.” 
For a long time, the man said nothing. 
Karl sighed and started the engine to leave. 
###Chapter 406
Chapter 406
“Upset? You must have mistaken. She was just disappointed that her plan failed again.” Suddenly, the man broke the silence. 
Karl glanced at the rearview mirror. 
Plan? Did I hear that correctly? Does that woman have a plan? 
Staring at his employer in surprise, Karl asked, “Mr. Hayes, what does that mean?” 
“Rufus Wand is about to be released. The best way to gain a firm foothold in Avenport is to establish connections with me. With my support, the Wand family will be able to make a comeback.” 
“You mean Ms. Wand’s return is to help her father? She came to you to gain your support?” Finally, Karl understood what was going on. 
He felt a stab of anger. 
I’ve never seen such a heartless woman. She blamed everything on Boss who isn’t directly responsible. How could she be that heartless? Can’t she see what he has done for them? 
With that, he stepped on the accelerator and sped away. 
Sasha was allowed to leave the hospital by noon. 
She entered the bathroom and changed into the new clothes. 
When she came out of the bathroom, her phone was buzzing.
“Hello?” 
“Sasha, this is Travis Lozano. Have you left? If you’re still here, why don’t you come to meet us now? According to Frank, there’s an exhibition at Commerce Tower right now. Do you want to check it out?” 
Turns out it was the owner of Gerrain Enterprise. 
Exhibition? Hmm, perhaps I can head there to seek opportunities for potential business partners. 
Sasha’s eyes lit up instantly. She hailed a cab and headed to the stated location. 
As a matter of fact, Sasha didn’t have high hopes when she came to them. She had no idea they would end up being friends after last night’s events. 
Soon, she met up with them. 
“Sasha, are you alright? Who was the man? I was about to summon someone to beat him up, but I didn’t do so after you went out after him,” Frank immediately inquired upon seeing her. 
Sasha could only flash an awkward smile. 
Beat him up? Frank would’ve died before laying a finger on him. 
“Uh, that was my ex-husband. Sorry for giving you a fright,” she explained apologetically. 
Both Frank and Travis were shocked into silence. 
Never in their wildest dreams did they expect that this young lady in her early twenties was divorced. 
Of course, if they discovered who her ex-husband was, they might faint on the spot. 
Soon, they arrived at the exhibition.
Sasha was thrilled to see many companies she was interested in at the exhibition. There were many famous and big corporations there, too. 
She couldn’t hide her delight as she told the other two men, “Mr. Lozano, Mr. Wheatley, I’m going to look around. I’ll contact you again after this.” 
“Sure. Sasha, go ahead.” 
The three of them went separate ways to get clients for their respective companies. 
Sasha was an expert in finance, but no one taught her how to run a business. Hence, she was flustered after making her rounds around the venue. 
“Miss, are you looking for a trading company importing plastic products?” 
“Yes, that’s right!” 
Sasha flashed a surprise smile at the lady who came to strike up a conversation with her. 
Hurricane Trading Company? That sounds familiar. Sasha took a look at the company’s name and mused silently. 
The lady clad in a professional suit invited her to take a seat. “Our company specializes in that field. Miss, how much is your monthly production?” 
“Err, how many does your company need?” 
“If your product fulfills our requirements, we will need at least one million monthly.” 
The woman showed Sasha a few samples on the table.
Actually, Sasha didn’t know that much about the plastic industry, but after reinstating Wand Enterprise, she hired a few employees that used to work in the company. 
Hence, there would be no problem producing these products. 
Tamping down her excitement, Sasha held the samples and asked, “That works. Can I take these bottles back as samples?” 
“Sure. These are samples used in the exhibition. If you need them, we’ll have to go to our company to retrieve them. Of course, you can take the opportunity to visit our company.” 
“No problem!” 
Sasha would be a fool to reject the offer. 
At once, she sent a text to Travis. 
Travis and Frank didn’t mind her leaving first, of course. 
Nevertheless, from that day onward, Lance, who had been waiting for her return at Avenport, lost contact with her. 
###Chapter 407
Chapter 407
This is weird. Where did she go? 
Lance called Travis, but the latter told him they hadn’t received any news from Sasha after the exhibition came to an end. Hence, they thought she had gone back to Avenport. 
Panic gripped Lance. 
He brought Vivian to the Blackwood residence. “Uncle Jackson, can you take care of Vivian? I need to head to Summerbank. Sha didn’t come home. I need to find her.” 
He was anxious as he was still very young. 
Jackson’s eyes widened in surprise. “What do you mean by she didn’t come home? She’s an adult. Did she get lost?” 
Lance said nothing as his face paled visibly. 
In the end, Jackson followed Lance over to Summerbank. 
Two days passed, but Sasha was still nowhere to be seen. 
It was as though she had vanished into thin air. 
“Uncle Jackson, should we ask for Sebastian’s help? I’m worried about Sha,” Lance suggested, anxiety evident in his expression. 
At the mention of that name, Jackson retorted furiously, “Why do we need his help? Sasha has nothing to do with him anymore! Let’s make a police report!”
He told Lance to make a police report. 
Still, Sebastian found out about her disappearance soon. 
“Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand went missing at the exhibition. A trading company, Hurricane Trading Company, brought her away to see some samples. She didn’t come back after that.” 
“What company is that?” He stopped working as his expression went dark in displeasure. 
Luke swallowed nervously. “The company is legitimate and doing well. But, they claimed they never took part in the exhibition or bring anyone back to their office.” 
In an instant, the air in the room stilled. 
Besides the murderous aura that surrounded the man, Luke could see the color draining out of his boss’ face. 
Both of them headed to Summerbank at once. 
Two hours later, havoc ensued in Summerbank. Besides Hayes Corporation’ employees, the police and relevant departments were dispatched in full force to locate a woman who went missing during the exhibition held at Commerce Tower! 
Luckily, their efforts returned results that very afternoon. 
“Mr. Hayes, we found her. She’s in Crystal Hotel, located in the northern suburbs.” 
“What? A hotel?” Sebastian stared at the messenger in disbelief. He had already finished two packets of cigarettes in a short amount of time. 
The person nodded. “Yes. When we found her, the hotel management told us she checked in five days ago and never left.”
Rage rose in Luke’s heart upon hearing the news. 
Everyone is searching for her. We even came to Summerback to join in the search. Turns out she’s in a hotel? 
He could barely tamp down his fury. 
Sebastian’s expression turned stony. 
Immediately, they headed to that hotel. 
Indeed, they saw the police and the hotel owner waiting in front of Sasha’s room upon their arrival. They greeted Sebastian politely. 
“Mr. Hayes, the person you’re looking for is in the room. We’ve confirmed it.” 
“Open the door!” 
Sebastian saw red and ordered the door to be opened without hesitation. 
The hotel owner hastily swiped the key card to open the door. When the door slid open, Sebastian strode in and banged the door shut. 
Everyone was at a loss for words. 
Luke was smart enough to disperse the crowd upon seeing his employer’s action. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian went into the room and saw the woman lying in bed. Flames of anger licked through him at the sight as he yelled, “Sasha Ward, get up now!” 
Silence greeted him.
How dare she doesn’t respond to my yell! Da*n it! 
He lost patience and pulled the covers off her. “Sasha…” 
His roar came to an abrupt stop. 
The woman was indeed the one he was looking for. 
However, she was still decked in the clothes he bought for her five days ago. The most horrifying thing was, her pants were smeared with blood. Even the bedsheet was stained in crimson red. 
What happened? 
His brain went blank as the anger faded from his expression. 
“Sasha, wake up. Sasha…” 
There was no response from the woman. She’s unconscious! 
Blanching in horror, he picked her up at once and barked, “Send help!” 
Outside, Luke heard his boss’ unusual yell and opened the door at once. 
“Mr. Hayes, what happened?” 
“Hurry, prepare the car. We need to send her to the hospital, now!” 
His voice was trembling as he barked out the order. 
###Chapter 408
Chapter 408
A few minutes later, a few cars were seen speeding toward the hospital. 
The police were shocked to learn what had happened and began investigating the matter once again. 
It was a miracle, for she lay in that bed for five days without moving but survived the ordeal. 
The specialists and experts at the hospital rushed over to examine her. 
Luke reached out to pull his boss out of the ward, but to his utter shock, the latter stumbled on his feet when he had barely touched him. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you alright?” he held Sebastian hastily. 
This was the first time Luke had ever seen Sebastian in this state. As Mr. Hayes is the president of Hayes Corporation, I’ve never seen him flinch at anything. He’s so shocked he couldn’t even stand on his two feet! 
Luke instantly got rid of the idea of bringing him out. 
Around ten minutes later, the specialists came up with a conclusion. Sasha was still unconscious. 
“Mr. Hayes, your wife has been hypnotized.” 
“What?” 
That came like a bolt from the blue, causing Sebastian’s face to pale in horror.
The doctor nodded firmly. “Yes. The person who hypnotized her must be an expert in psychology to make her unconscious for five whole days.” 
Sebastian fell silent upon finding out the truth. 
He felt his ears buzzing as he staggered backward. 
“Mr. Hayes!” Luke dashed forward to hold him. 
This time, Sebastian plopped down on the bed behind him. 
Hypnotization? Only Roxanne can do that. Why did Roxanne hypnotize her? What does that woman want? What did she do to Sasha? Is she trying to erase Sasha’s memory? 
Sebastian’s entire body was shaking. As fury and fear overwhelmed him, he could feel his blood freezing. 
The last thing he expected was that she would forget about him one day. 
Since young, he was used to Sasha chasing behind him like a piece of sticky bubble gum. No matter what he did to get rid of her, she refused to budge. 
Now, someone was telling him she might forget about him. 
What about me? 
Suddenly, another bloody face that had disappeared from his world popped up. A piercing pain hit him, and his vision went black momentarily. 
“Mr. Hayes! Are you alright?” Noticing his abnormality, Luke hurriedly voiced his concern. 
It took Sebastian a long time before he came back to his senses.
“I’m fine,” he uttered. 
His gaze then landed on the bed opposite him and never shifted away. 
It was around three when Roxanne saw Karl at the door. 
Sebastian is fast, huh? 
Karl stood there and announced icily, “Ms. Rocke, Mr. Hayes wants me to bring your father, Mr. Trevor Rocke, to Summerbank.” 
Roxanne instantly turned grim upon hearing that. 
“My father? What does this have to do with him?” 
“I have no idea. I’m just following his order. Ms. Rocke, ask your father to come with me now. Mr. Hayes is waiting urgently in Summerbank.” 
Not seeing the need to be courteous, Karl was practically ordering her. 
Roxanne’s face turned pale. This time, she dared not say anything else. 
She didn’t bother about the consequences when she carried her plan out. After all, she was the only daughter in the Rocke family and was used to doing whatever she wanted. 
No one would say a word, no matter what she did. 
At the Hayes family, Frederick adored her, and Sebastian was her patient. He was her patient since his late teens, so she thought he wouldn’t come after her. 
Trevor strode out and stopped in surprise upon seeing Karl at the door. “What happened? Why would Mr. Hayes want me to go to Summerbank right now?”
Karl answered, “Mr. Rocke, Ms. Wand was hypnotized by your daughter when she was on a business trip in Summerbank. She’s still unconscious, so Mr. Hayes wants you to head there as soon as possible. If something happens to Ms. Wand, and the children lost their mother, Mr. Hayes might react adversely.” 
“You!” 
Trembling in rage, Trevor nearly gave his daughter a tight slap. 
Da*n it. What had she done? 
In the end, he couldn’t bear to yell at his daughter and trotted after Karl obediently. 
Staring at Karl’s car, Roxanne scowled angrily. “What? Did I do something wrong? That woman keeps bothering him. I did that for his sake. I did nothing wrong!” 
She doesn’t even know what her mistake was! 
###Chapter 409
Chapter 409
Trevor rushed to Summerbank without further delay. 
After learning about Sebastian’s ex-wife, he told his daughter not to get into a fight with the former. 
No matter what, the woman was the children’s mother. If Roxanne did anything to harm her, Frederick would be the first one to protest. 
After what happened previously, Sebastian even let the matter go. 
Clearly, he didn’t want to put Sasha in a tough spot. 
Hence, it was best to stay away from her. 
Yet, he didn’t expect his daughter would create havoc that quickly. 
“Mr. Frost, can you tell me about the current situation? What happened to Ms. Wand?” 
“She can’t wake up. The doctor said she’s in a deep hypnotic state. It has been five days since she lost consciousness. Mr. Rocke, Mr. Hayes is worried she might forget about her kids. What should we do if that happens?” Karl uttered and shot him an icy glare. 
The color fell from Trevor’s face. 
What do I do now? My daughter can marry into the Hayes family, but the kids’ mother will always be Sasha Wand. If that is true, then the marriage will be over. 
Suddenly, Trevor realized why Sebastian summoned him instead of his daughter.
Soon, they arrived at Summerbank Hospital. 
To their utter surprise, they saw Sasha up and about. 
As the evening dusk shone into the ward, the young lady sought help to sit up. She was coughing violently and soon spat out a mouthful of blood. 
“A-Are you alright?” asked Sebastian, his tensed face drained of color. 
He was afraid about something else, but as Sasha didn’t say anything after waking up, he had no choice but to wait. It felt like he had one foot at the edge of a cliff. 
Finally, Sasha felt much better and lay back in her bed. Her lashes fluttered as sweat dripped down her forehead. 
“I-I’m fine. I felt uncomfortable because the needle was stuck in my mouth, that’s all,” came her weak reply. 
“Needle?” Sebastian was shocked. 
He instinctively turned to stare at the pool of blood on the ground. 
Indeed, there was a long and thin needle lying among the filthy mess. It was the needle she brought everywhere with her. 
Sebastian felt his heart thumping furiously at the sight. 
“Roxanne is stupid. We’re both doctors. I can’t believe she thought she could harm me with that useless trick of her? I was kind enough to spare her life!” Sasha exclaimed after regaining her strength. 
She was capable of killing Roxanne.
Even an expert in hypnotizing would need an obliging patient. 
Back then, after Sasha was taken away, she saw Roxanne and immediately realized what the woman wanted to do. Sasha’s needle was ten times swifter than Roxanne’s hypnotizing skills. 
In the end, she didn’t do that. 
Sasha had no intention of killing someone else. If I kill Roxanne, we’ll grow apart. After all, Roxanne is his first love. He won’t forgive me, will he? 
Sasha lowered her head and licked her chapped lips. Her heart was aching inwardly. 
Sebastian watched her closely in silence. 
When she started cursing, he nearly ran over to pull her into his arms. 
Her memory is still intact. Foolish woman. She ended up protecting herself this way. Doesn’t it hurt to place that needle in her own mouth? 
Sebastian’s hands were trembling by his sides. His eyes grew red as though a dam was about to erupt from his within. 
Nevertheless, he tamped down the urge to burst into tears as he had spotted Trevor at the door. 
“Are you both still young? Why did you end up fighting? Didn’t you learn your lesson from the past events?” he demanded. 
“What did you say?” 
Sasha was wallowing when she heard the man’s words. She immediately looked up at him.
What was that about? I’m the victim! I didn’t harm that woman. How dare he blame me for what happened? 
“I didn’t offend her!” Sasha’s eyes reddened. “She was the one who came to me and harmed me. Was that my fault?” 
“If you didn’t offend her, why would she hypnotize you? Did she have too much free time?” 
“How would I know? She’s crazy. She doesn’t need a reason to attack others!” 
Sasha’s tears streamed down her cheeks instantly. Why is he being so unreasonable? It wasn’t even my fault! He must hate me a lot to jump to conclusions! 
###Chapter 410
Chapter 410
After witnessing everything outside, relief swamped Trevor. 
Clearly, his hypnosis was still working for his son-in-law remembered nothing. 
Reassured, he came in and advised them. “Enough. Sebastian, stop blaming Sasha. It was Roxy’s fault. I shall discipline her for her reckless action later!” 
Sebastian’s tensed expression relaxed a little. 
Trevor went to Sasha and persuaded, “Sasha, don’t be mad. I promise this won’t happen again, alright?” 
Instead of replying, Sasha merely wiped her tears away silently. 
Mad? Do I have the right to get mad? 
A few minutes later, everyone filed out of her room. Sasha’s mouth was hurting and her head was throbbing. She pulled up the covers and fell asleep bitterly. 
It didn’t take long for her to fall asleep. 
When she woke up, the sky was dark. As her eyes fluttered open, she was surprised to see the glaring fluorescent lamp in her ward replaced by a crystal chandelier. 
Huh? 
“You’re awake?” A low and seductive drawl reached her ears, soothing her raw nerves. 
Sasha turned to look on reflex.
Indeed, a handsome man was seated at the desk next to the window on her right. Noticing her movement, he snapped his laptop shut and came to her. 
Sasha’s expression turned icy. “Sebastian, why are you here?” 
In response, Sebastian looked at her like she was a fool. “This is my place. Why can’t I be here?” 
Sasha failed to formulate a response. 
Suddenly, she realized something was amiss and sat up from bed abruptly. 
When she gasped in pain from jostling her wound, Sebastian came to her and supported her gently. “Don’t move. You’re still not well.” 
Sasha was still heaving in pain. 
When she finally caught her breath, she pushed him away. 
“Are you crazy? You keep blowing hot and cold. What do you want from me?” she demanded, her eyes turning red. 
His actions were draining her energy. 
Which is the real him? Is it the man who stayed with me in Moranta? Or the heartless man torturing me right now? Can I get a confirmation? 
“You’re my children’s mother. I’m protecting you because of them. Is there something wrong with that?” came his cool reply. 
“I’m safe now. Why did you bring me here? I want to go home. Send me home now!” 
“Home? Do you know where you are now?”
Suddenly, the man, who had a bowl of soup in his hand, turned to look out of the window. 
Sasha was briefly stunned. 
What does he mean? Are we not in Summerbank now? 
She bolted up in surprise at that thought and rushed to the window to look outside. 
“Sebastian Hayes, you scum!” 
Finally, she’s cursing me! 
The man sat on the bed and flashed a smile. Of course, he was still holding the bowl of soup elegantly. He took a spoon for her so she could drink it later and stirred the soup calmly. 
Two minutes later, Sasha returned to her bed in a daze. 
“Sebastian, you’ll get eaten by sharks tonight!” 
“Mm, we’ll get eaten by sharks together.” 
He’s definitely crazy! 
That night, Sasha couldn’t sleep at all. She kept tossing and turning in her bed. It wasn’t her wounds that kept her up, of course. 
She felt terribly irritated by the sound of the wild waves. 
Damn it. Where is this place? Is he going to lock me up again? Last time, he brought me to the dog pound. This time, where will he hold me captive? Will he send me away forever? 
She was in a foul mood.
At the thought of how the man did this for his first love, her heart felt like exploding in rage. 
Was I wrong from the very beginning? Perhaps his memory has been wiped away. Otherwise, he won’t be doing this. 
It feels like he treasures that woman a lot. 
As conflicted feelings burdened her entire being, she couldn’t sleep that night. 
She only managed to catch a few winks when it was almost dawn. 
“Ms. Wand, are you up? We’re about to arrive at our destination. Mr. Hayes wants you to wake up and wash yourself up.” 
Sasha got up reluctantly and opened the cabin door. 
Huh? 
When she saw the bustling port that greeted her eyes, she thought she was hallucinating. 
That scum wants to lock me up, right? Why did he bring me here? This doesn’t look like the wilderness. What is going on? 
###Chapter 411
Chapter 411
“Ms. Wand?” 
Sasha jerked out of her musings at the impatience in Karl’s voice. “Huh?” 
He tossed her a set of business attire and makeup. “Change into these and put on some makeup. Mr. Hayes is waiting for you in the next cabin. Make sure that you look professional,” he instructed curtly and turned to leave without waiting for a reply. 
What’s his problem? Begrudgingly, Sasha went to change into the provided outfit and applied some makeup. 
Ten minutes later, she walked into the cabin where Sebastian was waiting, looking perfectly like a white- collar executive. 
She looks great in any outfit. The sight of her stole his breath away. With dainty makeup on, she appeared even prettier than before. The stylish blouse highlighted her petite and slender frame, while the pencil skirt hugged her sensual hips snugly, showing off a pair of fair and shapely legs. 
Sasha’s lips thinned the moment she saw Sebastian. “What’s all this about?” She gestured at her outfit. “Why are you making me dress like this?” 
The subject of her displeasure remained unfazed by her glower. “You said you wanted to help with the Wand family business. I’m taking you to a business summit today,” he said matter-of-factly before leaving without waiting to see if she would follow. 
Business summit? His reply took her by surprise. So he’s not holding me captive. He brought me here to help me with my business? 
A smile bloomed on her face at the thought. She grabbed a nearby notebook and hastened to catch up with Sebastian. “Wait up!” 
Karl shook his head inwardly as he followed them. 
An hour later, Sasha found herself standing in the busiest part of the world’s most bustling city. She stared, slack-jawed, at the majestic skyscraper that was the iconic landmark of the city. “Isn’t this the Empire State Tower? This is the venue for the business summit?” 
“It’s the Global Commerce Summit,” Karl said unfeelingly. “Ms. Wand, I must remind you to carry out your duties properly as a secretary later at the summit. You represent Hayes Corporation. Please watch your conduct.” 
Eyes wide, Sasha closed her jaw with an audible click. Whoa, a global summit? That’s huge. She fidgeted with her clothes and hair, feeling her hands turn clammy. Why didn’t Sebastian give me a heads up? I’m totally unprepared. 
She followed the man inside. Once they went into the lobby, the huge LED screen lit up to showcase Sebastian’s profile. A man with a staff pass around his neck came over to greet them. 
“Welcome, Mr. Hayes.” He extended a hand enthusiastically. “It’s a pleasure to have you at our event again.” 
Sebastian shook his hand. “The pleasure’s mine.” 
Too nervous to do or say anything, Sasha stayed silent, practically holding her breath all the way until she and Sebastian were in the elevator. With no others present, she finally allowed herself to breathe normally. “What do I need to do later?” she asked in an anxious tone.
“What do you mean?” The other tucked his hands into his pockets casually, appearing calm and collected as always. 
Sasha gnashed her teeth in exasperation. She was about to speak up when the elevator doors pinged open. A man and woman stepped in. 
The former recognized Sebastian at once. “Hayes,” he called, grinning widely. “Didn’t expect to bump into you here.” 
“Long time no see. How have you been?” 
Seeing that Sebastian was engaged in the conversation, Sasha reluctantly shuffled aside, casting a smile at the woman as she did so. 
The lady returned the smile. “Hi there.” 
“Hey.” 
Taking it as an opening cue for small talk, the woman asked pleasantly, “Are you Mr. Hayes’ secretary?” 
“I am… What about you?” 
“I’m a secretary myself. It’s my first time here, actually,” the woman whispered. “I’m pretty nervous.” 
Sasha perked up, happy to find a fellow newbie at the summit. When the elevator reached the designated floor, the four of them exited together, with Sebastian and the businessman still engrossed in discussion. The two secretaries followed behind, chatting amicably. 
“Do you know what we have to do later?” Sasha took the opportunity to ask her companion. “It’s my first time here, too. I’m quite lost, to be honest.”
“Hey, no worries. When we enter the conference hall later, we just need to find our seats and get our bosses’ laptops and documents ready. Have you gotten the info deck with the documents already?” 
Sasha panicked inwardly at the mention of the previously unheard-of info deck. “No… Where can I get it?” 
Her companion immediately offered to take her to the organizers to collect the info deck. 
They were about to leave when Sebastian abruptly halted talking. He stopped in his tracks and turned around. “Sasha, where do you think you’re going?” 
His ex-wife froze. “I’m going to get the… info deck?” She glanced at the other secretary. “She said she can take me.” 
“What do you need that for? Just come here and stay close,” he said with unmasked impatience. The command for her to go over to him was clear in his eyes. 
###Chapter 412
Chapter 412
Sasha did not have it in her to disobey. She muttered a quick apology to the other secretary and went to Sebastian’s side. 
The two of them parted ways with their acquaintances. “Why did you stop me? Don’t you need some documents for the summit?” she asked uncomprehendingly. 
Sebastian scoffed like she just asked something stupid but deigned to explain. “Use your brain for a second. If the documents are so important, the organizers would’ve emailed us in advance already.” He spared a glance at the girl beside him. “Which they have, by the way.” 
Oh. Sasha clamped her mouth shut and meekly followed him into the conference hall. 
The grandeur of the hall and its setup immediately awed her. Despite having a background in finance and experiencing her fair share of formal business events, the summit was certainly something else. 
“Are you sure this is a summit for business leaders?” she muttered incredulously. 
“What else would it be?” 
She shrugged and found her seat behind Sebastian. “The way it’s arranged… It’s like a summit for the heads of governments.” 
The latter’s eye twitched, but he said nothing. 
Soon after they took their seats, other business leaders started filing in. As Sasha took out her notebook, the man in front passed her the program booklet.
“You just need to focus on what these few people are saying later on,” Sebastian told her, pointing at several profiles who were due to give talks during the summit. 
“Why them?” 
“They are in manufacturing,” he said by way of explanation. “If you want to get into the business of plastics, you should know that the market has already reached saturation. The only way to stand out from the competition is to innovate and absorb new knowledge. Otherwise, you’ll get flushed out even if you revamp the business.” 
Sasha stared at him, moved to the point of speechlessness. Internally, she was awash in a turmoil of emotions. 
She might be gifted in financial acumen, but she lacked the hands-on experience and understanding of conducting an actual business. Though she wanted to rebuild the Wand family business, she had been undecided about the best approach to take beyond following in her father’s footsteps. 
I didn’t tell anyone about my dilemma, and yet, he knows somehow. That’s why he brought me here to this top-level summit to learn the strategic vision and business wisdom from those who are at the top in their fields… Sasha could feel her throat tighten. Tears were forming, but she struggled not to let them fall. 
Dipping her head to avoid being seen by Sebastian, she pretended to scrutinize the programme booklet and busied herself with getting the notebook ready. 
The last to arrive at the conference hall, just a few minutes before the start of the conference, was a business representative from Terrandya. 
Sasha let out an involuntary gasp the moment she saw who it was. “Solomon! What’s he doing here?”
As if hearing her gasp of surprise, Solomon cast a glance in her direction. Their eyes met. There was a warm smile lurking in the depths of the man’s hazel orbs. 
Sasha, on the other hand, was dumbfounded. It was not until she felt the chilly aura emanating from the person in front of her that she jolted out of her stupor. In the next instant, her vision was obstructed by Sebastian, who had deliberately shifted so that his back occupied her entire line of sight. 
“Hey…” Sasha hastily tried to appease the man. “Don’t be mad. I was just surprised to see him.” 
She knew he must be angry, judging by the cold shoulder he was giving her. 
Sebastian did not turn around, nor did he say a word. 
Sasha had no choice but to put her thoughts aside as the summit began. Over the next few hours, she listened attentively to the talks, especially those by the manufacturing tycoons as highlighted by Sebastian, and took down notes in the process. 
When the summit ended, Sebastian stood up at once. His mood had been soured ever since Solomon made an unexpected appearance, and he was eager to drag Sasha away from the conference hall as soon as possible. 
“Give me a while more, please,” she said without looking up, never pausing for a second in her furious scribbling. “I just need to finish my train of thought.” 
It was then that Sebastian saw the pages of her notebook filled with notes. The sight assured him that her attention had been solely on the summit, rather than Solomon. 
Relaxing slightly, he sat back down and grabbed a trade publication to pass the time as he waited for her. 
Sasha continued to jot down her thoughts in the notebook.
However, such a rare moment of peace between the two was soon disrupted by an intruder. 
“Nancy. It’s really you. Fancy meeting you here,” Solomon called as he approached the pair. The affection in his voice was as blatant as the tenderness in his eyes. 
Sasha sighed inwardly in resignation. Here he comes. 
Putting down the pen, she peered at Sebastian. As expected, the man’s expression had darkened significantly, which curdled her mood as well. 
###Chapter 413
Chapter 413
Her brows furrowed. “I can say the same to you, Solomon. What are you doing here?” 
The other smiled placatingly. “Sinch Enterprise recently hired me and they sent me here as a representative.” 
Sasha eyed him dubiously. Ever since she came to realize that he had lied to her time and again, she took his words with a grain of salt. Knowing that he took down Prime Cloud Corporation just so he could get close to her, she felt she could no longer trust him as before. 
“I see. Well, we’re leaving now. Have a good day,” she said simply and turned to her companion with a beseeching expression. “Shall we go, Sebastian?” If we don’t, I’m afraid you’ll explode. 
The business tycoon remained seated in the chair as if Sasha had not spoken. He thumbed the pages of the publication leisurely, but the air around him was frosty enough to make alarms ring in her mind. 
“As far as I know, Sinch Enterprise in Jetroina is a family business leaning quite heavily toward nepotism. The senior management, including their legal team, is run by an oligarchy.” He drilled Solomon with a penetrating gaze. “So pray tell, Mr. George, how did you manage this impressive feat of getting into the company?” 
Solomon’s expression chilled considerably as he levelled the other man with a meaningful look. “You think too highly of me, Mr. Hayes. I’m only an ordinary employee in the company.” 
“Oh, yeah?” Sebastian returned smoothly, a seemingly genuine smile of civility curling his lips. “For someone who was, and I quote, recently hired by Sinch Enterprise, you must be quite competent for them to send an ordinary employee to this summit.” 
His remarks were loaded with insinuation. The air between the two men tensed while Sasha gulped imperceptibly. 
Solomon scowled, his pleasant countenance long gone. There was a moment when he appeared ready to toss out a retort. In the end, however, he merely glowered at Sebastian and turned to leave after giving Sasha a parting nod. 
“What did you mean by that?” she asked. “Is Solomon somehow related to Sinch Enterprise?” 
The cordial smile dropped off his face like it had never been there. “Who knows? Maybe he owns the company.” 
He narrowed his eyes at her darkly. “Why? Did that strike your fancy?” The tone of his voice was almost petulant, like a temperamental child who refused to be reasoned with. 
“No way,” Sasha was quick to deny. “Your Hayes Corporation didn’t even strike my fancy back then. Why would Sinch Enterprise be any different?” 
Oddly, that somehow seemed to have appeased him. 
The two of them made their way out of the conference hall. It was not long before Sebastian probed again. “So you didn’t fancy me back then?” 
“I didn’t!” 
“Why did you marry me if that was the case?” 
Sasha searched her brain for an answer but could only supply with, “I wonder that myself, sometimes.” 
As soon as those words left her lips, she found herself pressed against the wall of the elevator as Sebastian towered over her. “Say that again?”
The man’s large hand gripped her shoulder as he leaned in close. His breath was so hot it was almost scorching. 
What’s he doing? Sasha blushed crimson, pulse pounding in her ears. “W-What are you doing? Let go. We’re in public,” she hissed and tried to push him away. It was like trying to push a brick wall. 
“No. Tell me what made you marry me first,” Sebastian demanded stubbornly. 
His childishness was driving her crazy. She glanced at the display panel and was dismayed to see that they were almost at the lobby. “Okay! All right. It’s because I love you, happy?” she said, closing her eyes in surrender. 
Satisfied with the answer, Sebastian pushed away from the wall but did not release his grip on Sasha. Taking in the sight of her adorably pouty expression, he bent down instead and placed a quick peck on her lips. 
Her eyes snapped open at the same time the elevator doors reached the ground floor. 
The doors opened and a straight-faced Sebastian sauntered out like nothing had happened, leaving her behind to stare at his retreating figure disbelievingly. Ugh, that jerk! 
As the summit would be held over three days, Sebastian made arrangements for them to stay in a hotel. 
“Erm… Should I book a room for myself?” Sasha asked carefully when she followed him to the hotel and realized that he had booked the presidential suite. 
The latter did not even dignify that with a response and headed straight inside. 
He removed his tie, grabbed a bathrobe, and disappeared into the shower. 
Not knowing what else to do, Sasha stepped in reluctantly.
###Chapter 414
Chapter 414
Once inside, she could tell why Sebastian had not replied to her. The presidential suite had multiple rooms, including several bedrooms, living room, study, mini indoor gym, and even direct access to the rooftop pool. Hence, it would be redundant for her to book another room. 
Sasha claimed one bedroom as her own and changed into a set of comfy lounge wear. Phew, finally able to relax a little. 
Meanwhile, Karl arrived at the suite to fetch his boss. “Mr. Hayes, the organizers called. Tonight’s ball is starting at seven. Would you like to leave now?” 
“What time is it?” 
“It’s six-thirty now, sir.” 
The ball was an age-old tradition of the summit, to welcome the business elites and to act as a platform for networking. 
Sebastian nodded and headed to his room to change, emerging shortly after in a different business suit. Clasping the watch on his wrist, he glanced sideways at the door to Sasha’s room. “Go get her too,” he told Karl. 
The latter tried to hide his surprise. Does that woman have to go too? She’s so green and inexperienced… What if she makes a fool of herself at the ball and ruins Hayes Corporation’s reputation? 
Since his boss had given him the order, however, Karl had to set his qualms aside. He went to knock on Sasha’s door. 
A muffled voice came from within. “Who is it?” 
“Ms. Wand, Mr. Hayes sent me to ask if you would like to attend the ball tonight.” 
The door clicked open, revealing Sasha sprouting a messy hair bun and wearing a pair of nerdy, black- rimmed glasses that appeared to be too big for her face. 
“Do I have to go?” She waved the notebook in her hand. “I want to go over the notes I’ve taken earlier today.” 
Karl cocked a brow in condescension. She wants to give the ball a miss? This woman really can’t tell chalk from cheese, can she? 
“Forget it, then,” Sebastian said coolly. “Karl, we’re leaving.” He pocketed his phone and made for the door with his bodyguard in tow. 
Happy to have some peace to herself, Sasha retreated to her room where she continued to pour over the notebook. The knowledge contained within was more important to her than anything else, much less the ball. 
However, her train of thought was once again interrupted when the phone rang. 
“Hello. Who’s this?” 
“Nancy, will you come down to the hotel lobby? I’d like to talk to you,” Solomon said on the other end. 
A frown marred her pretty features at the sound of his voice. “No, sorry, I’m busy.”
Despite her outright rejection, Solomon was persistent. “I’ll wait for you. You can take as long as you like.” 
Why can’t he take no for an answer? Annoyed, she put aside the notebook. “Solomon George, what is it that you want? I’ve already told you we shouldn’t meet again.” 
“But why? I don’t understand. It isn’t fair to me if you’re breaking off relations with me just because I’ve lied to you.” 
“How is this not fair to you?” Sasha raised her voice incredulously. 
“Sure, I did lie to you, but everything I’ve done is for your good. I helped and took care of you. What has Sebastian done? He treated you like trash and trampled all over your heart, yet you’ve forgiven him over and over again. This isn’t fair!” 
Self-absorbed, much? A frosty anger settled over her face. If there was one thing she hated, it was to have others butting their noses into her personal affairs. Whatever transpired between her and Sebastian, it was their problem and no one else’s. Solomon had clearly crossed a line when he compared himself with Sebastian. 
“You’re wrong, Solomon,” she replied bluntly, no longer caring if it would hurt his feelings. “Sebastian is my children’s father. He’s family. You, on the other hand, are nothing to me. Can you see the difference now?” 
There was nothing except deathly silence from the phone after she finished speaking. 
She was about to hang up when Solomon spoke up again. “Okay, so that’s how it is. I’ll get out of your hair for good once I return you your mom’s stuff.”
His words caused her heart to skip a beat. Sasha tightened her grip on the phone. “What do you mean? Why are you bringing up my mom all of a sudden? What does she have to do with anything!” 
Solomon laughed coldly. “Because Yancy Young is my mother. I’m the orphan your mom sponsored for a decade!” 
###Chapter 415
Chapter 415
The phone disconnected after his proclamation. 
Sasha was in a state of shock. Yancy’s son? Solomon is Yancy’s son? Impossible! 
Meanwhile, the ball was in full swing at the Empire State Tower. To accentuate the summit, the organizers had spared no expense in making the ball into an extravagant affair, including inviting various prominent stars and socialites to attend as guests. 
The sound of mingling murmurs and clinking of champagne flutes filled the ballroom. Inhibition lowered under the effect of alcohol as several of Sebastian’s acquaintances were beginning to eye the socialites suggestively. 
One of them nudged him. “Hayes, want to try your luck with any of the girls over there?” 
The latter gave a perfunctory smile in response. “I’ll pass,” he said with an air of indifference. 
Sensing his disinterest, the others left him alone and went to chat up the socialites. 
There were two women in the ball who stood out among the rest. However, even the most brazen tycoons present were loath to hit on them. 
One of them was an award-winning actress, while the other was the heiress of the Benson family that was practically royalty. 
Almost every one of the business magnates had set their sights on the two women, but none of them had the guts to approach them, fearing rejection.
The two ladies cruised their gaze upon the crowd before settling on the lone figure lounging on the ballroom couch. 
The said individual was browsing lazily on his phone, mile-long legs crossing over each other indolently. He seemed molded from a different cast as he appeared completely detached from the ball. However, the bored look on his face did nothing to hide his gorgeous features. With dark eyes and angular cheekbones carving downward to a flinty jaw, he was easily the best-looking man in the whole room. 
“Who is that?” the heiress asked, her gaze glued on the figure. 
One of the organizers caught the question and stepped forth. “Ms. Benson, he’s Mr. Sebastian Hayes, one of the top business elites in Astoria.” 
She hummed by way of acknowledgement. Without further ado, she headed straight to where Sebastian was sitting. 
“Hi, I’m Millie Benson.” She smiled sweetly, extending a perfectly manicured hand at him. “May I invite you to a dance?” 
The rest of the magnates were green with envy. They knew that having the Benson heiress’ affection could only mean good things for one’s business. 
However, they were shocked to see that Sebastian continued looking at his phone as if she was invisible. It was a long moment later that he looked up, apparently finally realizing her presence. “You may not,” he said with a hint of annoyance. “Invite someone else, please.” 
Millie’s face fell. “Excuse me?” Her voice was sharp with disbelief. “Don’t you know who I am?” 
“I don’t care,” he said tersely. His patience with this woman was quickly running thin.
The organizer from earlier hurried over and tried to salvage the situation. “Mr. Hayes, Millie is the heiress to the famous Benson family.” 
“And?” 
“A-And… It’s a good opportunity…?” The man was flabbergasted. Doesn’t he realize it’s a golden opportunity for him to get the backing of the Bensons and have his business expand internationally? 
Sebastian appeared enlightened. He took a leisure sip of champagne from the glass. “I see. You can have the opportunity then.” 
The crowd was in an uproar. From the way they were looking at Sebastian, one would think he was crazy. 
Enraged at being belittled, Millie was ready to teach the Astorian man a lesson. 
Before she could do so, however, Karl walked up to Sebastian with a message. “Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand left the hotel.” 
“Where’s she going?” 
“Unclear, but she got into Solomon’s car.” 
The stem of the champagne flute in Sebastian’s hand cracked cleanly into half, spilling the liquid all over the luxurious carpet. 
###Chapter 416
Chapter 416
A hush fell over the ballroom. Even Millie, who was about to lash out at Sebastian, kept quiet after seeing the thunderous look on the latter’s face. 
“So that’s why she didn’t want to attend the ball with me?” he muttered. The rising anger was like a blazing inferno that threatened to boil him from the inside out. 
Karl silently agreed, but he did not dare to say that out loud. Instead, he gestured at Sebastian’s hand, from which a piece of broken glass shard was protruding. “Mr. Hayes, are you all right…? You’re bleeding.” 
His words fell on deaf ears as Sebastian stood. “Excuse me,” he addressed the crowd, “I have some matters to attend. Enjoy the rest of your evening.” 
The rest watched him leave in stunned silence. None dared to question his abrupt departure, but the murderous look on his face had everyone speculating about what had happened. 
Eager to write off the episode, Millie quickly found someone else as her beau for the night. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and Solomon were sitting face to face at a cafe. 
She had assumed it would take another two hours before Sebastian returned from the ball. By her calculations, there would be plenty of time for her to meet with Solomon and head back to the hotel with her roommate none the wiser. 
Expressionless, she demanded, “Go on, what evidence do you have to prove that you are Yancy’s son?” 
Yancy Young was the best friend of Sasha’s mother, Heather.
Back in the day, Heather, Sharon, Matilda, and Yancy were the most well-known socialites in Avenport’s upper class. 
Coming from a long line of doctors and scholars respectively, Heather and Sharon were renowned for being as beautiful as they were accomplished. 
Though somewhat lacking in the looks and talents department, Matilda was one of the wealthiest socialites in the city, thanks to the powerful Hayes family. 
The Young family, too, was well endowed, having struck it rich from the real estate business. With riches abound and coupled with good looks, Yancy had never been short of suitors over the years. 
Her parents had intended her to marry one who was well-matched in social and economic status. However, Yancy staunchly opposed to such an arrangement. After several fights with her parents, she left home for several months, only to return with a bun in her oven. To say that the rest of her family was displeased would be the understatement of the century. 
The news had also sent the entire Avenport into upheaval. Speculations and rumors about the baby’s father circulated wildly within the city for months on end. 
Heather finally managed to see her best friend after the latter was disowned by her family and evicted from the Young residence. 
Yancy told her that she did not regret becoming pregnant, but she had refused to divulge the identity of the baby’s father. Not knowing how else to help, Heather had provided her friend with a hefty amount of money before Yancy vanished from the public. 
When Sasha’s mother received news about her again, it was when someone showed up at her doorstep with an eight-year-old boy. The person told Heather that Yancy had died, leaving behind her son who was now orphaned.
Heather was shocked beyond words. A part of her had always believed that Yancy left to be with the man she loved, especially when she had said, in a firm tone, that she did not regret the pregnancy. 
Even till her death, Sasha’s mother never found out what had happened all those years ago and who was the child’s father. 
“I know my mom was sponsoring an orphan who’s the child of one of her friends. But she didn’t tell me it’s someone around me. Why would she hide this from me if it’s really you?” Frustrated at the situation, Sasha asked with an irked expression. Solomon said it himself that he attended the same elementary school as I did. 
After a long moment of silence, the man sitting opposite her took out an envelope. “My mother told her not to say anything. When I was sent back to Avenport, your mom made arrangements to register my name under a welfare organization. You can take a look—all the documents are here.” 
Sasha took the envelope and pulled out the contents with shaking fingers. 
She could recognize her mother’s handwriting on the papers yellowed with age. There was even a photograph of her mother with a young boy. 
It’s all true then. The shaking had spread from her fingers to the rest of her body, while tears welled up in her eyes. 
“Why didn’t your mom want people to know who you are? What was she afraid of?” 
“She was afraid that someone would try to kill me.” 
Sasha’s eyes, still wet with tears, widened in shock. “What? Do you mean the Youngs would…” 
Solomon shook his head. “No, not the Youngs. It’s my father. He’s a man who would kill his own flesh and blood if it meant covering up his past mistake.”
A sardonic laughter burst forth from his throat. The mention of his father warped his expression into one of pure hatred and contempt. 
At that moment, he looked more like a vengeful spirit than anything else. It was the first time Sasha saw him like this. The hairs on the back of her neck stood up at the sight. 
###Chapter 417
Chapter 417
Sasha was stunned by the bombshell Solomon had just dropped regarding his past. It seemed like something straight out of a drama; a chance encounter had reunited two long-lost friends once more. 
The evidence he had shown her made it nigh impossible to deny his words. 
Sasha took a sip of coffee to calm herself down. 
Just then, the doors to the café were slammed open. Shocked, Sasha turned around. 
She had not even figured out what was going on when she found herself dragged roughly from her seat by a man. 
“Ah!” She screamed in pain. 
Solomon, who was seated opposite her, stood up immediately and confronted the man. “Sebastian, what the h*ll are you doing?” 
“Shut the f*ck up! I’ll blow your brains out if you say one more word!” 
Sebastian was the absolute picture of a madman. To the café-goers’ shock, he pulled out a gun and aimed it at Solomon’s head. 
Everyone paled in fear, including Solomon, who stood stock-still, allowing Sebastian to lead Sasha away without further protest. 
Well, other than Sasha herself. “What are you doing? Sebastian, let me go! You’re hurting me!” She pleaded frightfully.
She had never seen him this unhinged. 
Technically I’ve seen him like this twice, though we were kids back then. Her memory of his monstrous behavior back then only added to her fear, especially since he seemed to be taking it out on her this time. 
What is he trying to do? Is he going to shoot me? 
Sasha shuddered in fright as she begged, “Sebastian, d-don’t freak out. Listen to me, things aren’t what they seem. Won’t you calm down, hmm?” 
Sebastian seemed impervious to her pleas as he dragged her to his car. Opening the front passenger door, he pushed her inside and slammed the door. 
Sasha winced as she fell into the car. 
Has he gone mad? What on earth is he doing? 
Crawling into a sitting position, she banged on the car windows and shouted, “Sebastian, what are you doing? Let me out!” 
Instead, her captor boarded the car wordlessly and drove them away. 
Sasha had a bad feeling about how things were about to turn out. 
Barely a quarter of an hour later, the car stopped in front of their hotel. Sebastian dragged her out of the vehicle and took the lift to the top floor. Kicking open the door, he shoved her unceremoniously into the penthouse suite. 
“Sebastian, p-please stop it. Just calm down, ok?” Sasha was near-tears when she eked out her plea.
Ignoring her, Sebastian grabbed her wrists and pulled her to the bedroom before tossing her onto the bed. 
“Ah!” Sasha yelped, overcome with pain and nausea at the same time. 
Still, the worst was yet to come. 
She could only watch as Sebastian ripped off his shirt and tie, approaching the bed like a predator approaching its prey. 
“You’re a wild one, huh? Is fooling around with two men the only way you’ll feel satisfied? Well, let’s see how you feel about this!” 
He pulled her closer by yanking on her blouse collar. His bloodshot eyes bored into Sasha, emanating a kaleidoscope of emotions ranging from lust to hatred. 
Petrified by his actions, the words caught in her throat. 
In the next instant, a near deranged Sebastian seized her lips in a biting kiss. The sensation felt like a beast was sinking its teeth into her. 
Soon enough, Sasha tasted blood on her lips, which had begun throbbing with pain. 
“Argh, S-Sebastian. L-let go of me. P-please.” 
Fat drops of tears trickled down her face. The pain and the fear were utterly unbearable. She struggled fiercely against Sebastian’s restraint. 
I don’t want this at all. How can he treat me like this?
Despite her repeated attempts to dissuade him, Sebastian seemed to have lost his mind. Instead, he pinned her more firmly to the bed, his movements rough and cruel. 
Suddenly, he had lifted her skirts without warning and plunged into her, not even bothering to undress her. 
“Urgh.” 
After a prolonged celibacy, Sasha visibly recoiled at the pain of his invasion. 
Her reaction did not induce Sebastian’s sympathy. After sinking himself into her, he began plundering her ferociously and mindlessly. 
It was not an exaggeration to say that she was nothing but a tool for him to vent his hatred. 
Sasha had no recollection of how it eventually ended, having passed out sometime in the night. 
###Chapter 418
Chapter 418
Day had broken by the time Sasha woke up. 
Cracking open her eyes, Sasha was momentarily confused by the sunlight streaming in through the windows. Where am I? 
The moment she tried to sit up in bed, pain shot through her entire body. Moaning, she collapsed back into the bed as memories of last night flooded her mind. 
Last night was h*ll. 
Her eyes welled with tears as she lay down for a long time. Eventually, Sasha forced herself out of bed, gritting her teeth at the pain. 
She entered the bathroom and assessed the damage. 
It was worse than she had expected; there was a visible tear. 
Does he hate me so much? Why else would he be so cruel to me for having a cup of coffee with Solomon? 
Standing under the showerhead, she bit back the pain she felt as the water washed over her bruises and wounds. Much to her annoyance, tears began streaming down her face. 
Ding! 
Her phone began ringing outside the bathroom. 
Sasha dried her tears hastily and exited the bathroom in a towel.
“Hello?” 
“Nancy, I finally caught you. Are you ok? Did he do anything to you last night? I’m outside the hotel right now. Could I come up to see you?” 
Solomon was calling her early in the morning again. 
Already upset by last night’s events, Solomon’s call caused Sasha’s anger to bubble over. “Solomon, can’t you leave me alone? Do you know how much I hate you right now? Why are you always turning my life into a mess? Who gave you the right to do that, huh? Did you think you could do anything you liked just because my mom asked you to take care of me? Get lost! The further, the better! Don’t you ever appear before me again. Understood?” 
She was close to yelling by the time she ended her shelling. 
Solomon was silent on the other end of the phone. 
His face had turned as white as a sheet as he sat in his car. 
In truth, he had been lurking near the hotel since last night, worried about Sasha. 
Initially, he had kept a moderate distance from the hotel since Sebastian’s men were still around. Only after spying Sebastian leaving at dawn with his men in tow did Solomon dare to park his car in front of the hotel. 
She’s asking me to get lost? 
His fingers were clenched so tightly around his phone that the tips had turned white. The last bit of hope in his heart was extinguished, followed rapidly by anger and hatred. 
“Sir, a-are we still heading up?”
“No. Where’s Sebastian Hayes?” 
“I saw his bodyguard heading to the pier; the rest of his men should be leaving today as well. I didn’t see Sebastian, and I’m not sure if he’ll be attending tonight’s summit.” Solomon’s assistant, who had driven him here, explained carefully. 
The anger on Solomon’s face immediately morphed into a calm mask. 
“It’s time to pull out the big guns, then. Let’s see how Sebastian is going to save himself this time. He’s been arrogant for far too long; I want him to remember the kind of monster he truly is.” 
Solomon had said all this lazily, though it could not keep the eeriness in his tone from seeping into every syllable of this threat. 
His assistant gulped in surprise before carrying out his orders. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had been in the suite for two hours. 
She had no idea what she should do next; the only wish on her mind was to go home. 
However, she did not have her travel documents with her. 
Having been brought here against her will, she had not managed to grab them. Without those, she could kiss her dreams of buying a plane ticket home goodbye. 
What should I do now? Do I wait for him to come back and bring me home? 
The questions replayed in Sasha’s mind like a broken radio. 
Finally, she decided to stay in that foreign land. A moment later, she boarded a cab to a locally-renowned shopping mall.
After some pondering, Sasha had decided to forgive Sebastian’s transgressions last night, chalking them up to an unfortunate trigger to his already unstable condition. 
Still, she had suffered immensely last night; she was not about to let him off the hook. 
I’m going to empty your bank account, then wait for you to come back and grovel at my feet. 
Once she reached the shopping mall, Sasha embarked on an extravagant shopping spree. 
“Good afternoon, miss. These two sets will cost three hundred thousand. May I know which payment method you’d prefer?” 
“Could you send this to the penthouse suite at the Hilton? Someone there will settle the bill.” 
“Of course, right away, miss.” 
Tossing out the name of the hotel had worked like a charm. The salesperson did not question her further and merely followed her instructions. Sasha’s haul was packed up for delivery to the Hilton, while the lady herself sauntered over to another store. 
All these years, Sasha had never shopped much. Her job and her kids kept her busy enough, though truth be told, she did not like shopping very much either. 
That day, however, she spent a fortune. 
She had not forgotten to get some clothes for her children as well. 
###Chapter 419
Chapter 419
“Good day, miss. Taken by this princess’ frock? It’s a custom design by our boss.” 
“Really?” 
“Of course. Our store carries many original designs. Please come in and have a look.” 
A promoter in the children’s apparel store that Sasha had been ogling came out to entice a prospective customer. 
The pastel-pink dress that Sasha had been eyeing was gorgeous, featuring a pair of butterfly wings. It would instantly transform any young girl into a fairy princess. 
Sasha imagined how her daughter would look in the dress. Excitedly, she entered the store. 
About ten minutes later, she came out with the dress and two sets of boys’ apparel in the latest fashion. 
These are their birthday presents then! 
In a significantly greater mood, Sasha began to feel her stomach rumbling with hunger. She decided to grab a bite at a restaurant. 
“What? This Astorian dude is the man who rejected you? What’s up with his taste? How could he scoff at the Benson family’s heiress?” 
“That’s enough. I just feel lucky that I never got involved with him.” 
Sasha had picked a rather expensive restaurant. Once she sat down, she overheard two elegant and young foreign ladies gossiping to her right.
Gossip was not Sasha’s cup of tea. Instead, she looked through the menu and ordered immediately. “I’ll have these two, please. Thank you.” 
“Alright. Please wait a moment, miss.” 
The waiter left quickly with the menu. 
Bored, Sasha whipped out her phone to check if she had received any calls or WhatsApp messages. 
Before she could even unlock her screen, the two ladies to her right launched into another impassioned discussion. 
“Yeah, you’re totally right. You could’ve been in trouble by association after what went down today. Still, isn’t the Hayes Corporation pretty huge? They wouldn’t be at this global summit otherwise, right? They seem pretty careless about how they choose their CEO.” 
“Who knows? Maybe they’re digging their own grave.” 
The Benson heiress cackled evilly after the words left her mouth. 
Sasha’s fingers, on the other hand, paused. 
The mention of Hayes Corporation was a shock. 
Finally, she turned her gaze to the two ladies and asked, “Excuse me, did you mention the Hayes Corporation just now? What happened to it?” 
The ladies turned to stare at her, looking rather displeased. 
The taller lady explained, “Yes. The corporation’s CEO had an incident at the summit. Someone broke a scandal about him murdering his mother when he was young.”
“What did you just say?” Dumbfounded, Sasha’s mind blanked. 
No, no, this can’t be! It’s impossible! The only people who know about his secret will bring it to their graves! Why would anyone expose it at a global event? 
Sasha was in complete disbelief. 
“That’s a joke, right? How could that happen?” 
“Hey, weirdo, you can read the news yourself if you don’t believe us. I’m sure the whole world knows by now!” 
The two ladies began taunting Sasha for her na?ve ignorance. 
She felt a shudder run through her body at their mockery. 
Sasha unlocked her phone in trepidation. 
Before she even opened her browser, a headline notification had appeared on the screen. 
Breaking News: CEO Of Astoria Corporate Giant Hayes Corporation Revealed To Be The Murderer Of His Mother At Global Commerce Summit. 
The title of the article was as eye-catching as it was bone-chilling. 
Still, a more horrifying sight awaited Sasha once she clicked into the article. 
There was a video in the article, barely ten seconds long; watching it felt like taking a time machine to when she was six years old. Her brain pounded. 
The traumatizing scene she had tried so hard to forget resurfaced in her mind.
What was Sebastian’s deepest, darkest secret? 
It was indeed the fact that he had accidentally killed his mother. At Matilda’s birthday party, a psychologist had attempted to hypnotize Sasha into exposing this very secret as well. 
Everything happened when she was six years old. 
Back then, after she confessed about Sebastian’s atrocious dog-killing incident, the Hayes family finally noticed that something was amiss with Sebastian and sent him off to a hospital. 
They hid him from the public and started him on a therapy regimen as well. 
In the beginning, Sebastian refused to admit that something was wrong with him. He refused to take any medication or participate in any of the therapy programs suggested by the doctors. All this only worsened his condition. 
Unwilling to see her son’s decline, Margaret Hayes had snuck out to the hospital one day to advise him. 
No one would ever know what she had told him. When Sasha decided to pop by for a secret visit later that day, all she saw was an unhinged Sebastian slashing his mom on the neck with a shard of glass from a broken cup on the floor. 
###Chapter 420
Chapter 420
Oh, the scene… Sasha thought to herself, too horrified to revisit it in her memory. 
It was too cruel for words. Despite being a doctor for so many years, the sight of blood splattered everywhere frightened her so much that she felt a wave of nausea just thinking of it. 
Frederick, who arrived as soon as he heard the news promptly settled the matter. 
Around the same time, Sebastian was locked up, losing his freedom, and branded as one of the most dangerous men in the country. After six years, his uncle had appeared and with much effort, persuaded Frederick to allow him to bring Sebastian abroad. 
All of these were kept secret back then. 
These secrets were well sealed. The medical staff who had handled Margaret’s body back then had been exterminated by Frederick to ensure their everlasting silence. 
How was it possible for loose ends to still appear? Also, there was that broadcast of the incident from back then! 
Sasha stood up without knowing what to do. Trembling from head to toe, she grasped clumsily at s in her path to steady herself as she headed out. 
She had made up her mind to see Sebastian. 
Sasha was certain that he would undoubtedly have an adverse reaction when he finds out as this was his worst recurring nightmare and the darkest secret buried in his heart.
The exposure of his deeds would consume him like a rabid beast if she did not speak to him. 
Finally deciding on a course of action, Sasha hailed a cab and made haste for Empire State Tower. 
Things were chaotic at the Tower. 
The reporters and police had arrived in droves, prompted by the short clip broadcasted from the press conference at the summit. In less than half an hour, Empire State Tower had been heavily surrounded. 
They were waiting for the man who had just committed a murder at the summit of the building. 
He would be apprehended the minute he appeared. Even worse, he would be killed on sight. 
They had waited for over half an hour without any sign of movement from within. On the other hand, the crowd that had gathered outside grew larger, including some from a nearby asylum. 
“Mr. Hayes, please calm down. I’m begging you, calm down!” 
In a storeroom at the middle level of the Tower, Karl had seen the crowd that had gathered down below from his vantage point at the window. In response, the strength he applied on Sebastian who appeared increasingly deranged increased. 
Looking pale and distracted, his bloodshot eyes stared at Karl with hatred. 
A sense of murder glinted malevolently in Sebastian’s eyes which grew more powerful with each passing minute until every bit of his rationality had been consumed in blind anger. 
Karl was losing faith in his ability to keep his employer under control. 
“Mr. Hayes, please think of Ian, will you? Or… Think of Ms. Wand! Remember her? Sasha?” 
Sebastian gave a start at the sound of Sasha’s name.
Overjoyed, Karl took advantage of his distraction as he attempted to knock him out. 
However, Sebastian slipped back into insanity a second later. At the slightest hint of Karl’s fingers loosening, Sebastian’s grip tightened powerfully. 
Crack! 
Karl’s wrist snapped with a sickening crunch. He gasped, feeling as if he was about to black out from the pain. 
Despite the pain, he still did not loosen his grip on Sebastian. Barring his employer’s path with his body, he pleaded once more. “Mr. Hayes, don’t go…” 
However, Sebastian had lost all control of his faculties from his earlier trauma, as evidenced by how he had snapped the wrist of his own bodyguard. 
“I know he intends to kill me.” 
“What?” 
“The bast*rd. He has returned and wants to get rid of me to take back what he thinks is his.” 
Sebastian had regained his composure, though sounding strangely monotonous with cruel indifference on his face. The only thing of interest to him was the gun in his hand. 
Karl felt his heart drop out of his stomach. 
Despite doing all he can, he had no way of stopping Sebastian. 
“Can we… can we talk about it? Let’s wait for them to get here, shall we? Mr. Hayes, those are his men outside. We can’t just go out.”
“You think I will die by his hand?” Sebastian demanded, brutally pressing his gun against Karl’s forehead as the latter was frightened into silence. 
The only thing he could do was to gaze up hopelessly at his employer who had a gun to his head. Looking like a bloodthirsty wolf, he prowled out of the storeroom. 
Thump! 
At almost the same time, the door slammed open from the outside. 
Instantaneously, Sebastian raised his gun. 
“Don’t shoot, Mr. Hayes! That is Ms. W-” 
Bang! 
Karl’s shout was cut short by the gunshot. 
In half a second, the world returned to silence as the intruder fell over. With his gun still raised, Sebastian stood motionless. For the first time, his mechanical gaze shifted ever so slightly, as though he second- guessed himself. 
“Ms. Wand, are you okay?” Karl rushed over and held Sasha up from a pool of her blood, the pain in his own broken wrist forgotten. 
Sasha’s vision grew blurry. 
With several deep breaths, she steadied herself and procured a silver needle, a sliver of blood trailing from the pointed end. “Help me up…” she murmured weakly. “I’ll deal with him. Get… get him out of here.” 
###Chapter 421
Chapter 421
Sasha, despite having a bullet lodged within her body, stumbled forward to sink that needle in her hand deep into the deranged man’s torso. 
As soon as the needle found its mark, Sebastian slumped over unconscious as Karl caught him. 
Heaving a huge sigh of relief, Karl and Sasha stared at Sebastian’s limp figure across Karl’s shoulders. 
When Sasha entered the Tower, many ideas of how she would help Sebastian out of his state of mind ran through her mind but her knowledge of psychology was too limited to be of help. 
As a result, this foolhardy way was her last resort. 
“Take him back to Roxanne, he’ll be safe under her care.” 
With her mission of incapacitating Sebastian complete, Sasha slid down and sank to the floor. The loss of blood had her feeling drained. 
Karl watched her with a pang of guilt. “I’m sorry, Ms. Wand. I was the one to have told Mr. Hayes last night that you were with Solomon at the cafe.” 
“What?” Sasha looked up at Karl, startled. 
So that was what happened. 
Did that necessitate Sebastian to lose his temper over something like that? 
She recalled the events of the night before as she winced in pain. At once, tears of injustice fell down her face as she wept.
“Sebastian, you’re a sc*mbag,” she choked. “You’d torment me to such a degree over something this small, and still I’ve come to save your miserable life! You’re right. I have no self-respect for constantly coming back to you.” 
Karl lowered his head as tears fell from his eyes as well. 
“Ms. Wand, I… “ he began. 
“Enough.” Sasha quelled him. “Leave quickly as Solomon’s men would be here soon. Take him away and look for Frederick. He’ll take care of everything.” 
Karl felt a lump in his throat as he gazed down at Sasha. A split second later, he gritted his teeth determinedly as he held Sebastian upright. “Ms. Wand, hold on. I’ll come back for you soon.” 
At that, he hurried away as fast as he could with Sebastian’s unconscious figure. 
Sasha sat where she was with a weak sneer across her face. 
Hold on? 
She was unable to do that. It was not because of the injuries upon her body, but because somebody unbeknownst to Karl would come very soon to take her away. 
Sebastian, if you really intended to forget about it, then do so. We won’t be seeing each other ever again. 
Sebastian awoke three days later to find Frederick in his room. 
As soon as he saw his son open his eyes, Frederick brought the latter a glass of water. Hobbling over with his walking stick, he handed the glass to Sebastian and sat at the foot of his bed. 
“How’re you feeling? Any better?”
“I’ve had worse.” Sebastian sounded slightly hoarse. It was evident that he had not fully recovered. 
Frederick fell silent for a while before speaking again. “The matter has been dealt with. I’ve arranged for a few major media companies to cover up the incident at the summit. So far, nothing can be heard about it. Also…” 
He suddenly paused. “Yancy and Tim were in it together. I did not think of that. The biggest mistake in my life was to trust that woman.” 
“Is that so?” Frederick answered with indifference. 
Frederick nodded. “I knew back then that your mother’s family had a history of mental illness. I did consider divorcing her at the time, and that was when I had met Yancy. However, as soon as you were born, I broke it off with her. I was very clear with her that I would not be marrying her, so she was free to live her own life.” 
“Was she already pregnant at that time?” 
“She was, but I paid for her to have an abortion on top of a sum of money to live comfortably. She was not yet married, thus her child would be known as a bast*rd. Since I did not marry her, how was she going to marry somebody else?” 
Frederick had never been this frank with his son about the details of his past misdeeds. 
As a man, it was wrong of him to have had extramarital relations with another woman. However, he had somewhat redeemed himself by attempting to right his wrongs. 
Without ruining any more lives, the child was to be aborted. 
However, from Yancy’s perspective, Frederick had somehow assumed the role of the child’s biological father who intended to murder his unborn child. Because of this, she had told Heather to hide the child’s
true identity. 
Sebastian fell silent. 
His memory was cast back to when he was eleven. It was dusk, and the sky was the color of blood. His mother’s act of coming to look for him was the one to have led to her perishing by his hand. 
“Sebastian,” she had told him on that fateful evening. “Your father’s mistress did not have an abortion. On the contrary, the baby had been delivered and is a healthy boy. If you do not buck up and improve yourself, he will be coming to take everything from you.” 
It was the wrong thing to say to a mentally unstable child. 
It had already taken a toll on Sebastian after being diagnosed that he was abnormal; then, shipped away and locked up. 
The matter that was causing him anxiety every day in his childhood was the possibility of his family abandoning him. 
Sebastian’s tipping point came when his mother had cruelly dropped a bombshell on him when she visited. 
Unable to bear the torment of his worst fears materializing, he had wanted nothing more than for her to stop mentioning the horrifying truth again. That was why he had slit her throat with a shard of glass, to ensure that she would never utter those words again. 
Sebastian shut his pale sunken eyes as if he was in pain. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll take care of everything. Though he is also my son, you remain the true heir of the Hayes family. There is nothing he can do to take anything that is rightfully yours.” Frederick places a harsh emphasis on the last sentence.
###Chapter 422
Chapter 422
Yancy had defied him and delivered the child, causing his carefully laid out plan to fall apart. Hence, Federick was rather infuriated. 
Frederick left. Not long after, Karl arrived. 
“Mr. Hayes.” 
“Where is she?” he demanded, the most pressing matter heavy on his mind. 
Karl lowered his head slowly. 
Sebastian felt something had ripped his chest open, leaving behind a massive hole where his heart used to be. He began coughing violently like he was exposed to a chilly gust of wind. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you okay?” Karl asked urgently as Sebastian’s hacking coughs grew louder and more intense. 
Bent double from pain, his veins throbbed in exertion as his handsome features were contorted in pain. Like a fish out of water, he gasped for air, being completely devoid of oxygen. 
With a final cough, he spat blood and fell back onto the bed, and passed out. 
Sebastian only recalled snatches of things when he was not himself. Once, he had remembered Roxanne performing hypnosis on him. He had hated it so much that he had an urge to drag her into the kitchen and savagely mutilate her with a knife. 
The memory of him opening fire at the woman who burst into the room swam across his mind.
“No… no!” Sebastian moaned in his sleep. “Sasha, I didn’t mean to do that. I… “ 
“Sebastian, wake up!” Roxanne attempted to rouse him out of his nightmare. 
Sebastian threw open his eyes violently and sat upright. Grabbing her wrist roughly, he cried, “It was my fault, Sasha. I will never do that again…” 
The tears that had fallen freely down his face blurred his vision. 
Roxanne was stunned as it was the first time she had seen him cry after treating him for eight years. 
Sebastian did not cry when she had jabbed, berated, or was rough with him. He did not even shed a tear when she had subjected him to her brutal hypnosis sessions. 
At that moment, however, he held on to Roxanne’s wrist and sobbed like a child. 
Her eyes flashed with pity. The sight of his miserable state had unnerved her. 
“I’m not Sasha,” she said gently. “I’m Roxanne. Look closely, Sebastian. Sasha is dead.” 
“What did you say?” 
Sebastian’s crying ceased suddenly as if he was struck by lightning. Then, a darker, more horrifying emotion took its place. 
“I said, Sasha is dead,” Roxanne repeated, hardening her heart. “When you were brought here, her body had been left behind. Karl had brought her back after you. He did not tell you because he was worried for you…” 
Smack! 
Roxanne’s sentence was interrupted by an abrupt slap across her face by Sebastian.
“Get out!” he commanded, glaring at her with bloodshot eyes, looking like a ghost condemned to perpetual pain. 
Roxanne held her cheek as she stood motionless for a long time, suppressing the urge to retaliate. Nobody had ever dared lay a finger on her throughout her entire life. 
For some unknown reason, she could not muster up the courage to hit him back, though the anger burned within her. Contenting herself with a fierce glare at Sebastian, she departed without another word, with one hand still holding her cheek. 
Sasha is dead! 
The following couple of days, Sebastian’s door remained closed. The man inside was detached from the world. Nobody was successful in trying to rouse him out of his reverie. 
Frederick was about to order the door to be broken down in his panic when the triplets appeared before him dressed in new clothes. 
“Grandpa, let us try and talk to Daddy.” 
“Look, Grandpa. We are all wearing the clothes that Mommy bought for us. Daddy would love it.” Vivian approached Frederick as she was clad in a pink skirt with butterfly wings on her back. 
Frederick felt his heart breaking into pieces at the sight of their new clothes. 
Karl was the one who had brought the clothes back from the city. 
When they brought Sebastian back that day, Karl had returned to the hotel to pack up, he discover that the new clothes had been delivered along with some accessories. The hotel staff had ascertained that the bundle was sent over by a Ms. Wand.
Ms. Wand? 
That would undoubtedly be Sasha. 
Barely able to contain his emotions, Karl hurriedly paid for the room and returned with Sasha’s belongings. 
There were also several sets of children’s clothes, which were sent over by a taxi driver, he brought everything back in one go. These are the last of Madam’s things. Mr. Hayes would be pleased to see them. 
The triplets stood before Sebastian’s door. 
“Who’s going to knock?” Vivian asked innocently as she gazed upon her brothers. 
Ian would not be the one to as he was clumsy in offering words of comfort. 
Matteo was therefore the best candidate for the task. 
“Vivi, why don’t you do it. Remember to cry a little bit and scream for Mommy. Daddy will definitely open the door when he hears that.” 
He was evidently the smartest one out of all his siblings to be able to concoct such a plan. 
Sebastian had a soft spot in his heart for his daughter as compared to the two boys, just like most men. 
Vivian raised her hand obediently and rapped on the door. “Daddy, come on out. I’m wearing the new skirt that Mommy bought. Come take a look!” 
###Chapter 423
Chapter 423
Despite her efforts, not a sound emerged from beyond the door. 
Tears streamed down her large unblinking eyes as Vivian felt demoralized. 
“Daddy doesn’t want me anymore,” she sobbed. “Mommy isn’t here and Daddy doesn’t want us anymore. We are abandoned children to be sent to the orphanage.” 
Matteo and Ian exchanged startled glances at the sound of their sister’s crying. 
Thankfully, her cries had compelled Sebastian to open the door at last. 
“Daddy!” chorused the children. 
However, they were saddened to see that their father, who once stood tall and proud, had descended into a state of depression. He looked so forlorn and disheveled that he was almost unrecognizable. 
“Daddy, don’t be like this. We still have to search for Mommy. Please, pull yourself together for her sake.’ 
Vivian was the most upset out of all three. At the pathetic sight of her father, she reached out and hugged his thigh tenderly as she gazed up at him with teary eyes. 
Sebastian closed his eyes as he slowly knelt down next to her. 
“Give Daddy a hug.” 
“Okay.”
Vivian’s smile returned. She stretched out her plump arms and threw herself into Sebastian’s embrace with her head buried in his chest. 
Ian and Matteo ambled over to join in. 
Sebastian took the children into the room. Finally, Frederick and his men outside were relieved. 
“Daddy, Mommy must still be alive. We will look for her and bring her home.” 
“Is that so? Why are you so sure about that?” Sebastian dropped his bloodshot eyes to Matteo. 
It was the first time in many days since he had heard the possibility of Sasha still being alive. 
“Yes, I’m sure. Because Mommy had once said that no matter what happens to her, she will never abandon us. Daddy, all three of us can feel her out there. She must still be alive!” Matteo gazed determinedly at his father. 
Sebastian was just about to chastise his son for being naive when he had the sudden realization that his faith was so weak that it was not even comparable to a child’s. 
Why am I so quick to believe that she is dead? 
There is no proof of her death. Why should the mangled corpse and the urn be sufficient evidence for me to believe that? 
After a long week of agony, Sebastian finally saw a sliver of hope. 
Standing up slowly, he strode over to the window that had been shut for an entire week. 
“Let’s go find Mommy, shall we?” he said quietly, pulling the thick curtains apart. In a flash, the brilliant sunlight pierced his eyes, filling his beaten and aching body with hope and warmth.
The children were overwhelmed with joy at having their father back. Pouncing right into Sebastian’s arms, their flushed cheeks mirrored Sebastian’s determination. 
We are going to find Mommy! 
In fact, the triplets’ intuition was correct. Sasha was not dead after all. 
At that very moment, she was awake though her movements were limited. To her panic, she had lost the feeling in both her legs and was imprisoned. 
“Ms. Nancy, here is your medicine for today. I must remind you to comply.” 
A well-dressed nurse brought a handful of pills in a bottle cap before her. There was a glass of warm water in her other hand. 
Sasha ignored her. 
She was not going to voluntarily consume the pills of unknown origin. As a doctor herself, she knew very well that her injuries did not warrant as many pills as she was being fed. 
With a haughty air, she wheeled herself away from the nurse. 
“Ms. Nancy, Mr. George had me warn you that if you do not take your medication on time, he will not rule out the possibility of sending you abroad for treatment.” 
“Are you threatening me?” Sasha whipped around and glared at the nurse. 
However, the nurse did not show the slightest hint of fear. She made her way forward with the pills in one hand and the glass of water in the other, smiling pleasantly at Sasha as she did so.
“No, Ms. Nancy. I am merely reminding you. If you still wish to see the people you love, I’d advise you to take your pills as you are told. Otherwise, you will be sent away.” 
The pleasant smile was looking increasingly like a leer. 
The nurse’s pupils that were fixed on Sasha looked as though the threat of a poisonous snake resided in the very corners of their unfathomable depth. Sasha could not repress a shudder when she looked into them. 
Send me away? 
What does that mean? Is her employer brazen enough to send me away without my consent? 
Sasha bristled with anger. With a swipe of her arm, she sent the contents in the nurse’s hand flying and scattered across the room. 
“Fine. Call your boss over to speak to me. I want to see if he really dares to send me away as he promised.” 
“You-!” The nurse exclaimed, the smile vanished from her face, replaced by a furious glare. 
However, she did not dare lay a finger on Sasha as Sasha was somebody who meant a great deal to her employer. The consequences of harming even a hair on Sasha were dire. 
With great reluctance, the nurse departed without another word. 
Sasha took the opportunity to attempt to stand up again. Not having the strength to, her legs wobbled violently as she did so. 
###Chapter 424
Chapter 424
However, she had barely left the wheelchair when her legs crumbled under her weight as she fell over. 
“Solomon George!” Sasha panted as she pulled herself up by grabbing the wheelchair. Behind her moist eyes lay hatred like never before. 
She was right; her captor was indeed Solomon. 
When she was at the Empire State Tower the other day, the real reason for Sasha’s unexpected haste up to the storeroom and successful location of Sebastian was due to a deal she had made with Solomon. 
Sasha had had the foresight of expecting such an outcome. 
Having run out of the cafe after overhearing the conversation between the two women, she had come up with an idea on her way to Empire State Tower 
The hostility Solomon had toward Sebastian was obvious. 
And the matter went out of control after Solomon made the call. 
That alone was enough to rouse Sasha’s suspicions, 
However, she was not sure of the reason for Solomon’s hostility. Nevertheless, the video puzzled her as she could not figure out how Solomon obtained it. 
It became clear upon Sasha’s arrival at Empire State Tower where she saw Solomon’s car. 
What an odd coincidence for his car to be here as well.
Sasha watched him from the guise of the crowd. She was shocked at how easily the police had changed directions and swarmed into the building after he had given them the order. 
The extent of his influence is indeed frightening. 
What is his true motive in all of this? 
Sasha did not have time to ponder over it. The only way to stop him was for her to warn him. Thus, she gave him a call. 
“Solomon, if anything happens to him, I will never forgive you for as long as I live!” 
“Nancy, you- “ Solomon was caught unaware at receiving an unexpected phone call from her. She watched him wind down the window and gazed around nervously at the crowd, from which she remained unseen. 
She continued to stare at him from her vantage point. “I’m going up immediately. If you think you are that capable, have your men slaughter me too.” 
At that, she hung up and dashed into Empire State Tower as mentioned. 
Before long, the Tower fell silent at her entrance. The cops who had seen her intrude were glaring at her in an unfriendly manner. 
However, they did not dare raise a hand against her. 
Soon after, she had arrived at the storeroom with the intention of searching for Sebastian. 
Unfortunately despite her endless calculations and precautions, she had not foreseen that Sebastian would have had lost his mind when she had found him. The bullet he had fired at her struck her shoulder blade.
Therefore, it made no sense for the function of her legs to be impaired. 
Sasha fell back into the wheelchair, feeling as defeated as ever. 
Solomon arrived two hours later. 
With a look of gentle concern, he came straight to Sasha bearing fruits and pastry. 
“Nancy, I’m back,” he announced. “I’ve bought some almonds which are your favorite along with some cake. Would you like some?” 
Solomon was acting as if the incidents at Empire State Tower had never happened. 
Sasha fixed her hollow gaze at the bamboo trees outside the window. 
It was the beginning of fall where they were. The plants in the yard had begun to turn brown and wither, but the bamboo trees remained lush and green. The dense willowy leaves allowed thin rays of the afternoon sun to pass through, looking just like the bamboo tree at the Wand residence that Sasha had planted in her younger days. 
“Nancy?” Solomon prompted. 
“When did you begin planning all of these?” Sasha spoke, at last, her voice sounding cold and distant. She kept her eyes on the bamboo trees outside. 
Solomon’s expression changed. “What’re you talking about? What plan?” 
“That you are the one who had sabotaged the Hayes,” Sasha said quietly. “You’re Xenia’s mysterious benefactor, aren’t you? You’re the one who had instigated her to steal my manuscript and you have also planted Xandra around Sebastian, right?”
She did not feel shocked at the revelation of the truth as she had expected it. Perhaps, the most traumatic parts of the whole scheme was over. 
Solomon grew grim at her accusations. 
He had guessed that she already knew most of it but having it said out loud caused him to feel a twinge of guilt as well as the sensation of growing panic. 
“I did not expect you to have such a vivid imagination. Xenia had merely stumbled upon this as an accident.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. She was always showing off the items she got from you in school. In fact, I caught her with your manuscript one day. She had wanted to sell them off but I had managed to convince her to not do that, by staging this entire plane. She was a very foolish girl to have been reeled in so easily.” 
Solomon’s face was contorted in disdain. 
Sasha did not know that Xenia behaved like that behind her back. She had treated her like an older sister, sharing whatever she had with the latter. 
However, all Xenia had always taken Sasha for a ride. 
Sasha was unwilling to admit it but at that moment she felt a surge of pleasure. 
###Chapter 425
Chapter 425
“Fine, even if you did it for me back then, what about now? What is the meaning of keeping me locked up in here? And don’t tell me that the condition of my legs is caused by my gunshot wound.” 
“It really is due to your injury,” insisted Solomon. “Though Sebastian had shot you in the shoulder blade, it had pressed on a nerve which had affected your ability to walk.” 
“You think I’m going to believe you?” Sasha retorted. “Solomon, remember that I’m a doctor as well. I know how a human body works better than you.” 
She was so angry that she attempted to stand up from her wheelchair again. 
However, her legs failed her again. Being feeble and weakened, they were unable to support the weight of her body. 
Solomon walked over and pressed her back down firmly against her wheelchair. 
“If you don’t believe me, I can call a doctor over.” 
“Whose doctor? Yours? I’m locked up here and forced to take your medicine, but you’re telling me that a doctor under your employ will alleviate my doubts.” 
Sasha antagonized Solomon in a fit of rage. 
Solomon’s expression hardened. The gentleness in him had dissipated in a flash. 
“Nancy, don’t be unreasonable. I am not going to harm you.”
“You won’t harm me? You have me imprisoned, I beg to differ. Solomon, is this how you repay my mother? By locking her daughter up and crippling her to be kept by your side like a possession?” 
Sasha’s voice grew shrill with anger. Though she could not move away from him, she struggled with all her might in her wheelchair to avoid his touch. 
Solomon lost his patience. He pressed her down again. “Nancy, what are you talking about?” he demanded. “All I did was to protect you.” 
“You’re lying!” Sasha bellowed. “Protect me? Why do you Youngs like to delude yourselves? You’re the same as how my mother used to be.” 
“What did you say?” Solomon’s face contorted with rage. 
At the moment, Sasha felt no fear at all. On the contrary, she felt a sense of satisfaction at her success in provoking his shame into a rage. 
“Am I wrong? You told me that your mother forbade you to disclose your identity for fear of your father persecuting you. But by the looks of it, it’s all a big lie!” 
“Frederick had never wanted to take your life! It was possible that he had learned of your existence long ago. In your eagerness to get back at him and to take what your selfish heart desires, you’ve found a good excuse to make a move against his other son. This is a typical characteristic of the Youngs! You and your mother are the world’s most untrustworthy and despicable people…” 
Smack! 
In a fit of rage, Solomon slapped Sasha across her face. 
Aside from Solomon’s furious panting and the reverberations of that resounding slap, the room fell deathly silent.
Smiling derisively, Sasha licked the trickle of blood flowing out of the corner of her mouth as her cheek had begun to swell. 
Solomon shook with rage as he stared at the woman whom he had just struck. 
“Why must you hurt me in this manner? Is it because I have feelings for you?” 
Sasha said nothing, not even deigning to look at him from where she sat. 
As another trickle of blood flowed down, she took it up with her finger and smeared the blood below her eye. This gesture was more frightening and menacing than anything else she could have done. 
Solomon felt his last shred of hope at reconciliation being destroyed. 
Shaking violently, he recalled the time when his mother died when he was eight. 
Sasha was not wrong. Everything that had happened was caused by both his mother and his nature of deluding themselves and others. 
Frederick was a scu*bag, no doubt. 
If he had flat out refused to acknowledge his kin, Yancy would have died by his hand earlier on. A man with such influence would undoubtedly be doomed if his extramarital affair was exposed. 
However, Frederick did no such thing. 
Yancy had run off and given birth to his child without his knowledge. She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth, rendering her unable to function and live a normal life without her family. 
Yancy had endured countless hardships throughout Solomon’s childhood.
As the hardships became too much to bear, Yancy had often taken her anger out onto Solomon as she blamed all of her past mistakes on her child. She always thought that if it weren’t for Solomon, she wouldn’t be in the wretched state that she was in. 
As her resentment had reached the highest point, she sent Solomon away to Avenport in secret. 
Her child was to avenge himself and her by claiming the birthright that he had been denied. 
Solomon was an intelligent boy. Though he may not have understood things when he was young, he grew up living in the same city as his father. It would have been impossible for him to remain ignorant. 
However, he stubbornly opted to follow through with his mother’s plan. 
###Chapter 426
Chapter 426
What are all of these for? 
Though it sounded terrible, Solomon had to admit that Sasha was right. Those plans were formed out of the twisted whispers of his delusional heart. 
Without a word, Solomon measured out another dose of medication to replace the one that Sasha had swept out of the nurse’s hand earlier that day. 
Turning pale, she was on the verge of wheeling herself out of the room. 
I would leave this place if I were not in the state that I’m in. 
However, at the first signs of movement, the ferocious man dragged the wheelchair back. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” Sasha began struggling in vain. 
After Solomon had dragged her back, he grabbed her chin roughly and forced her mouth open. With one quick jerk of his hand, he had forced the pills down her throat. 
Sasha coughed as she choked, her face turning bright red. Solomon responded by tipping some water into her mouth. 
His voice had resumed its original gentleness. “Nancy, you were right. I was looking for excuses. However, do you know the reason why?” 
Sasha spluttered.
“You are the reason. Did you know how upset I was when I heard that you were supposed to marry him when you were only eighteen?” 
Sasha had finally subdued her cough when Solomon hugged her. 
Holding her gently as if she was a precious jewel, he carried her from the wheelchair and placed her onto the bed before sitting himself down on the chair next to her. 
Throughout the entire motion, his eyes had never left her face. 
Sasha was eighteen back then, a blushing bride who was happy to be marrying into the Hayes family. 
Little did she know that at that moment, a man across the ocean who was three years her senior was working hard on their future under oppressive circumstances. 
Solomon had made up his mind. Even if the Wand family had collapsed, he would help them back on their feet. 
Solomon would want Sasha to continue living a luxurious life in which she was accustomed to by giving her a home that was even grander than what her father had provided. It was meant to be a repayment of the financial aid they had provided to him over ten years. 
However, all of the careful planning had been destroyed the moment Frederick proposed for Sasha to marry into the Hayes family. 
Lost in thought, Solomon remained seated for a long time. 
The people on the other side of the door had begun to conclude that he was going to remain on guard as he did after Sasha’s surgery a few nights ago. However, he suddenly emerged. 
“Mr. George…” the nurse called out in concern.
Solomon did not even look at her. Instead, he summoned his butler. 
“Did you find the person we’d discussed?” 
“Yes, sir. But when the Wand family collapsed, she had returned to her village. It’s pretty far from here, and she is not as young as she once was…” the butler answered hurriedly, anxious to deliver the news. 
Solomon nodded in satisfaction. 
The butler hesitated for a moment before blurting out, “Mr. George, the doctor had called today to inform to restrict Ms. Nancy’s consumption of the medication. If she continued, she would…” 
The butler trailed off, though his meaning was quite clear. 
The thing that scared him the most was the indifference of his employer. 
“Continue to make her take them. Without my order, she cannot stop. Are you clear?” 
“Yes, sir. Crystal clear,” the butler answered at once. 
You would rather cripple her and force her to remain by your side. Mr. George, why would you do such a thing? He thought as Solomon departed. 
At Hayes Corporation in Avenport, Sebastian had returned to work after half a month of absence, ready to regain control of his company. 
The employees gossiped a great deal regarding the nature of his extended leave, though nobody dared to openly display their displeasure or voice their opinions. 
They were all aware that Frederick was capable of very cruel measures.
“Mr. Hayes, here is the report of the DNA test that you had asked for. Lance and the deceased are not related.” 
On that morning when Sebastian arrived in his office, Luke had excitedly showed him a report and informed him of the results of the test he had asked for, which was negative. 
A negative? 
Doesn’t that confirm that the ashes are not Sasha’s? 
Sebastian was filled with joy at the news. Momentarily losing control of his faculties, he swayed on the spot. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you okay?” Luke hastened forward to hold his employer steady. 
He shook his head. After a prolonged effort, he had managed to placate the fear in him. Then, he walked into his office slowly and sat down. 
It was a clever ruse. 
As the body had been mutilated by bullets, cremation was the only possible course. That ensured that obtaining a DNA sample to affirm the body’s identity was impossible. 
The people who had plotted this had thought it through. If it weren’t for the hope that his children had given him, Sebastian would have accepted the ashes to be Sasha’s and thought no more of it. 
Sebastian had regained control of his life. Whipping out his phone, he called Karl who was out running his errands. 
“Mr. Hayes, there’s no sign of movement here on my end. Solomon has been very careful; during his stay at Jetroina he had been careful not to draw attention. It’s only him and an assistant of his who went back to the country recently.
###Chapter 427
Chapter 427
“Assistant?” 
“Yes. He seems to have gone to Wildefield.” 
Wildefield? Sebastian had never heard of such a place. Nevertheless, he wanted Karl to keep an eye on this person and report to him once he observed any unusual activity. 
Luke was about to take his leave, but having overheard the conversation, he could not help asking, “Mr. Hayes, are you suspecting that Madam is in Solomon’s hands?” 
“I don’t know for sure, but he’s definitely involved in this somehow.” Sebastian’s answer indicated that he was indeed suspicious of Solomon. During the incident at Empire State Tower, it was Sasha who saved me when things went out of control. When Karl went back for her, she was supposedly dead. However, one detail that everyone seemed to have overlooked was how easy it was for Karl to get me out of there. Solomon had planted traps everywhere. He had bribed the police and had many men waiting in ambush throughout the building. If Karl had not stopped me from leaving the storeroom, I could easily have been captured or maimed! So how did we manage to escape without being stopped? There can only be one reason. Sasha must have struck a deal with Solomon. 
Bang! 
As Sebastian thought about all that, he felt a stabbing pain in his heart. Out of frustration, he rammed his fist onto the table. 
Startled by Sebastian’s reaction, Luke said, “Mr. Hayes, please… please calm down. We already have some information on our hands. We’ll keep a tighter watch on Solomon. I believe we’ll receive news about Madam soon.”
Sebastian was silent. 
There was nothing else he could do except to stay calm. If he lost control of his emotions, there would be no one left to save that silly woman. Sasha, wait for me. I’m coming for you soon. 
In the afternoon, Roxanne paid a visit to Sebastian’s office with some dishes that she prepared herself. 
She had been his main caretaker all this while, looking after not only his medical needs but also every other aspect of his life. 
However, on that day, she noticed that there was a change in the way she was addressed by the people in the office. “Good afternoon, Ms. Rocke. Nice to see you.” 
“Good day, Ms. Rocke. Are you looking for Mr. Hayes?” 
“How may I help you, Ms. Rocke?” 
It was the same with everyone from the doorman at the entrance of the building to the secretary from Sebastian’s office. 
They were no longer addressing her as “Madam” like they used to. 
What’s up with everyone? Roxanne was beginning to feel annoyed as she walked toward Sebastian’s office carrying her containers of food. Just when she was about to enter, she overheard two men talking as they were stepping out of the office. “So many people have already been sent to Jetroina. So why is President still asking us to go there?” 
“Why does it matter? Now that he knows Madam is still alive, President will spare no effort to search for her. Just do as you’re told.”
“All right.” 
When Roxanne heard that, she almost tripped over herself. Madam is still alive? Who are they referring to? Could it be me? Or are they talking about the other woman? 
She felt like someone had poured a bucket of cold water over her head. In a matter of seconds, her mood had hit rock bottom. 
Sebastian was not aware that Roxanne was standing outside his office. He had just learned from Karl that Solomon’s assistant went to Wildefield and had gotten hold of a housemaid who used to work for the Wand family. The news prompted him to deploy all the bodyguards in his office to Wildefield. 
He even decided to make a trip to Jetroina personally. 
As he stepped out of his office, he came face to face with Roxanne, who was standing outside his door in silence. 
“Why are you here?” Sebastian stopped and looked at her calmly. 
Roxanne was shaking in agitation. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she lifted her head and asked, “Where are you going?” 
“Jetroina.” 
“Why?” 
“She’s still alive!” 
“So you’re going to look for her? Then what about me? What am I to you?” Roxanne raised her voice, interrogating him. She no longer cared that this was a workplace and people were staring.
Sebastian’s face darkened. 
He did feel some degree of gratitude toward Roxanne because she had saved him so many times. 
However, gratitude was not the same as love. He was always clear about not mixing up the two. He thought Roxanne had the same mentality. So he had no idea why she was reacting in this way now. 
Holding back his anger, Sebastian said, “Roxanne, you need to calm down. I’ll get someone to send you home.” 
After that, he turned away and prepared to ask Luke to arrange for her to be sent back to the Rocke residence. 
When Roxanne heard that Sebastian was arranging for people to send her home, she grew more agitated. She stretched out her arms and tried to block Sebastian from leaving. “I’m not going to let you leave today!” 
“Roxanne!” 
“Sebastian, I’ve made a mistake. I want to renounce our fake engagement. Let’s get married for real. I want to be your wife. Sebastian, you’re mine,” Roxanne groveled, casting aside any reservations about dignity or social etiquette. 
There were gasps all around when the people standing around heard what Roxanne said. 
So the engagement that Ms. Rocke and President had entered into was a fake one! This is earth- shattering news! 
Anger flashed across Sebastian’s face as he glared at Roxanne. “But I don’t want to,” Sebastian said, his voice dripping with a deep disdain for her. 
“Why? I’ve thought it through, Sebastian. I really do love you.”
“But I don’t,” Sebastian spat out his words with a cold hard stare. 
###Chapter 428
Chapter 428
Roxanne felt like her heart had been crushed by a thousand tons of stone. She stood rooted to the ground, unable to say anything. He said he doesn’t love me. How can that be? We were already supposed to get married. In fact, I was the one who backed out. How did he suddenly fall out of love with me? 
It was a huge blow to Roxanne. 
What she did not know was that if Sebastian had been fully conscious, he would not have agreed to the marriage either. 
His health condition was unstable at that time. As such, it was natural for him to become increasingly reliant on Roxanne, who was the main doctor treating him. He was used to being taken care of by her. 
He might have thought of marriage as a way to keep her by his side so she could continue taking care of him. 
Sebastian ignored Roxanne and left without looking back. 
He arrived in Jetroina a few hours later. 
Sinch Enterprise was one of the most prominent companies in Jetroina. They had businesses in retail, property, and manufacturing, among others. They were similar to Hayes Corporation in this respect. 
Sebastian stepped out of his private jet to see Karl, who had been waiting for him. “We found out that the former housemaid has been taken to Dellmoor. I’ve sent people to follow them closely. Mr. Hayes, we can make arrangements for you if you wish to go there now.”
Sebastian was tempted to accept Karl’s suggestion right away. 
He wanted to see Sasha very badly. He wanted to know how her injuries were. He needed to say sorry to her for how he treated her in the hotel the other night. 
However, he forced himself to calm down. “Let’s not make any move first. Everything has been going too smoothly. For a cautious man like Solomon, there’s no way he would not set up any obstacles to hinder us along the way.” 
A thoughtful look appeared on Karl’s face. “What do you suggest then, Mr. Hayes?” 
Sebastian was making every effort to restrain himself. Clenching his teeth, he finally said, “Just get the men to stay alert but take no action for now. Continue to follow the former housemaid and observe the situation. They are not to make any moves that will alarm the enemy.” 
“Understood.” 
“And continue to keep a close watch on Solomon. Don’t let him slip from our watch for even a single second.” 
Sebastian’s words were loaded with a murderous aura. 
This could indeed turn out to be a battle to the death. The only thing holding them back was the safety of the woman in question. 
This was especially so for Sebastian. 
As night fell, Solomon was sitting alone in a bar, mixing his own cocktail. 
Although he had been a regular customer for years, he never really liked the liquors there. He preferred to drink his own concoctions.
To him, it was like getting a familiar taste of home. 
“Sir…” 
He had just mixed his first drink when someone came in, looking for him. 
He put down his drink, cleaned his hands, and asked coolly, “What’s the matter?” 
“Sebastian has touched down in Terrandya. He must have found out that Ms. Wand is still alive. But surprisingly, he is not following the lead that you laid down with the former housemaid.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. He is staying in one of his own properties here. His bodyguards have also not made any moves,” the man reported truthfully. 
No moves? That’s exactly what I expect from the Sebastian that I know. Solomon’s mouth curved into a menacing smile as he picked up his glass and took a slow, deliberate sip. 
“Just leave him alone then. Let the former housemaid continue to stay in Dellmoor. Oh yes, send a few doctors there too. Ask them to step outside the house and show their faces a few times a day.” He was still determined to kill Sebastian. Not for anything else other than the fact that he simply loathed the sight of the guy. He felt the same toward the Hayes family and Sasha. 
The man left shortly after. 
Solomon shifted his focus back to mixing his cocktails. But before long, he was interrupted again, this time by the sound of his phone ringing. “Hello?” 
“Bad news, Mr. George. Ms. Wand is suddenly running a high fever. It’s almost forty degrees now!” It was a call from the butler at the villa.
Solomon’s face immediately changed. He leaped to his feet, knocking down all the bottles and glasses in front of him. “How did she suddenly get a fever? What were all of you doing? Where’s the doctor? Has he been called?” 
“Yes, the doctor’s here. But he… he says there’s nothing he can do. H-He says the fever might have been caused by an inflammation of her wounds due to overdose of medication.” The butler was stuttering nervously. He did not understand the medical terms that were thrown around. His job was just to parrot what the doctor said. 
Solomon was consumed with fury. He stormed out of the bar and left the city in a helicopter. 
The truth was, Sasha was never in Jetroina. 
A few hours later, on an island several thousand kilometers away, Sasha was finally granted permission to be taken out of the villa and rushed to the hospital. By that time, her fever was so high that she was beginning to lose consciousness. 
###Chapter 429
Chapter 429
“My God, how did her fever get so high? What were all of you doing? Were you trying to get her killed?” Upon seeing the state Sasha was in, the doctors at the hospital’s emergency department could not help but chide the butler. 
Not daring to rebut, the butler merely smiled apologetically and let the doctors do their work. 
Sasha was wheeled into the operating theater. 
If it was a fever caused by inflammation of the wounds, an operation would be necessary. They would have to open up the wounds to see how bad the inflammation was. 
Not sensing anything amiss, the butler sat looking at the door to the operating theater while he waited for his master to show up. 
What he did not expect was that by the time Solomon had arrived, Sasha was no longer in the operating theater. 
“Where is she? I’m asking you! Where on earth is she?” Solomon was wild with rage as he roared at the medical staff. He looked as if he was ready to kill them if they could not hand over Sasha. 
Despite so, the medical staff had no idea where Sasha went. 
By the time Solomon stormed into the operating theater, the doctors and nurses were all lying unconscious on the floor. 
Faced with Solomon’s interrogation, they found themselves on the brink of tears.
Seeing that he was not getting any answers from the medical staff, Solomon decided to check the surveillance cameras. 
In the footage, Sasha was seen being wheeled into the operating theater. As she was being transferred to the operating table, her eyes suddenly opened. In one swift motion, she plucked out the needle on her arm and jabbed it into the neck of the doctor standing nearest to her. 
The doctor collapsed immediately. 
The operating theater was thrown into chaos. 
In the next moment, quick as a flash, Sasha stabbed two other staff with her needle. 
By the time she stumbled down from the operating table, the last remaining nurse had fainted from shock. 
In the final moments of the footage, Sasha was seen struggling to pull herself into a wheelchair with all her might. Then, she made a quick exit. 
This was what had transpired. 
She had always been a clever and ruthless woman. In order to run away from me, she was even willing to gamble with her life. Solomon was shaking uncontrollably with rage, his bulging eyes striking fear in everyone around him. 
“Look for her! Even if you have to turn this whole island upside down, you must get her back!” He had completely lost control of himself. 
Sasha had indeed escaped. 
She had been planning it over the past three to four days.
She knew that she would not be able to escape from the villa. The only way was to get sent out from there. 
Luckily, she had a medical background. 
Sasha wheeled herself with all her might as she made a mad dash in the dark of the night. 
She had decided that the first thing she needed to do was look for a phone to call the scum of a man, Sebastian, so he could come and rescue her. How could he not have shown up after such a long time? Has he forgotten about me? D*mn him. The next time I see him, I’m not going to let him off. 
Sasha’s eyes were brimming with tears. 
Just then, she saw a flicker of light ahead and felt her spirits lifting. 
“Why aren’t you sleeping yet? Don’t you have to work tomorrow?” 
“I’m watching this ad on the TV. It says the hospital lost one of its patients, and the family is offering a million as a reward for finding her.” 
Sasha stopped dead in her tracks. A reward? That mad man is putting up a missing person ad on TV for me and offering a reward? 
The glimmer of hope that had just been rekindled in her heart had now been snuffed out completely. Her face paled at the thought of an island wide manhunt for her. 
What should I do? I’m definitely going to end up in his clutches again. Sasha was beginning to feel hopeless. 
Just then, the couple who had been talking in the nearby convenience store heard some movement and looked toward Sasha’s direction. “Who’s that?”
Stricken by panic, Sasha tried to move back. 
However, she had forgotten that a wheelchair operated differently from a pair of human legs. Her sudden change of direction caused the wheelchair to wobble and crash onto the ground, bringing her along with it. 
“Ahh!” 
Honk! 
At the same time, a motorbike appeared and came to a halt upon seeing Sasha fall to the ground. 
The couple from the convenience store rushed over. Their first instinct was to check if Sasha was all right. 
However, as they began to crouch down, a menacing voice boomed from the motorbike. “What are you looking at? Scram before I gouge your eyes out!” 
The couple was dumbstruck. 
Trembling with fear, they made a run for their lives without another word. 
Sasha was disoriented as she lay on the ground. 
However, it was not because of the pain she felt from the fall. It was because she had found the voice strangely familiar. 
###Chapter 430
Chapter 430
“You’re…” 
“And here I was, thinking you were so capable, seeing as you got me kicked out. But you ended up falling so far from grace, huh? My, my, Sasha. You really surprised me.” 
The woman finally turned around. Under the motorbike’s glaring headlights, it was difficult to make out her face. 
However, just from the exaggerated pairing of leather clothes and pants, as well as the ridiculously high- pitched voice, Sasha instantly confirmed her suspicions. 
I can’t believe I ran into Sabrina here of all places. 
“Sabrina, w-what are you doing here?” 
“Oh please, don’t act like we’re close.” 
Sabrina had always been mean and vicious. Perhaps because of what happened previously, she said every word through gritted teeth as though she wanted nothing more than to skin Sasha alive. 
Sasha stayed silent in her spot. 
Indeed, due to their past grievances, they weren’t close at all, nor was she inclined to be close. 
Despite that, her heart settled down at the sight of her. 
After pulling Sasha up and throwing her onto the motorbike like a ragged doll, Sabrina spat in a menacing tone, “What’s your relationship with that bastard, and what does he want with you?”
Bastard? 
Is she talking about Solomon? Does that mean she knows what happened to the Hayes too? 
Sasha grabbed Sabrina’s waist tightly to prevent herself from being thrown off the motorbike because of the way the latter was speeding crazily. 
“After I saved your brother at the Empire State Tower, I was captured and brought here.” 
“What?” 
At this, Sabrina, who was riding the motorbike, finally showed some expression. 
So she was captured because of saving my brother? 
I thought she was cheating on him with that guy! 
Sabrina stopped asking questions and rode the motorbike back to where she lived. 
Indeed, fate worked in mysterious ways sometimes. 
Back then, Sabrina had framed Sasha for murder at the hospital. That was the last straw for Sebastian and he exiled her to live on this island. 
Never in a million years did she expect to run into Sasha like this. 
Solomon was completely unaware of what happened, so the next morning, when he found out that Sasha had been rescued by Sabrina after escaping, he wasn’t sure how to handle such a tricky situation. 
After all, Sabrina was the second lunatic in the Hayes family. 
In fact, she was well and truly crazy.
“Sir, what should we do now? Should we search for Ms. Sabrina? I heard that she’s an unpredictable and cruel woman. Do you think we’d be able to successfully retrieve Ms. Sasha?” 
Solomon’s assistant was equally worried. 
Right then, Solomon’s expression turned all the unsightlier. 
He wasn’t actually worried about this. Instead, he was more worried about whether Sabrina had told her brother about this. 
Frustrated, Solomon slammed his fist on the table. 
Two days later, in a small mansion on the island, a cold and starving Sasha remained locked in a room whilst gazing helplessly at the woman who was enjoying a scrumptious meal outside. 
“Please, Sabrina. I need some food. I can’t hold on much longer.” 
Sabrina ate her food languidly while answering, “Sure. Crawl toward me on all fours and I’ll give you some.” 
Sasha’s face was completely drained of blood from being locked up for so long. Upon hearing Sabrina’s words, tears of anger and humiliation welled up in her bloodshot eyes. 
This was how the past two days were for her. 
After Sabrina brought her here, she thought the woman would immediately notify her brother and tell him to come and pick her up. 
Alas, she was so, very wrong. In the past two days, it was true that Solomon did not dare come knocking, but neither did Sebastian make an appearance.
Ever since Sabrina brought her here, she had kept her locked up. It was bad enough that the woman did not notify her brother, but she even refused to offer her water or food, forcing her to beg instead. 
What the hell does she want? 
Is she still trying to get even for what happened back then? 
Sasha blinked back her tears. “Why are you doing this, Sabrina? If you really hate me, you can just kill me.” 
“No, no, no. Why would I do that? Torturing you slowly is so much more fun. I want to see you beg for mercy every day. I’m going to trample all over you as you lay before my feet like a dog. This is what I call happiness, Sasha. Don’t you know that?” 
“You-” 
Sasha trembled with anger. 
However, faced with this madwoman, words completely failed her because the extent of her craziness was sometimes beyond comprehension. 
Nonetheless, Sasha still refused to crawl on her knees. On the contrary, she chose to stay in this room as she did for the past two days. In the end, her consciousness began to waver. 
“How can you be so stubborn, girl? Would it kill you to at least try to appease her? But no, you’d rather starve yourself like this.” 
In her dazed state, Sasha heard someone coming into the room she was in. Then, the person threw down a bottle of water and a few pieces of bread in while Sabrina wasn’t paying attention. 
When Sasha heard the noise, she forced her eyes open.
As soon as she saw the things on the floor, she immediately pushed herself off the wheelchair, landing with a dull thud before crawling over to grab the food and stuffing as much as she could into her mouth. 
###Chapter 431
Chapter 431
Sasha never wanted this. 
But she did nothing wrong, so of course she wouldn’t put up with this humiliation. 
After gobbling down the food, she finally recovered some strength in her body and the fog in her mind gradually cleared up. 
“Miss, the situation outside isn’t good. Those people still seem to be on the island. Are you sure you want to remain here with Mrs. Hayes?” 
“Obviously! Where would I even go? Do you think I have the money to leave this wretched place?” 
Sabrina’s angered voice abruptly came from the courtyard. The entire mansion seemed to be enveloped in thick tension. 
Sasha paused at that. 
She knew that Sebastian had banished Sabrina from the country for accusing her of killing a patient on the operating table. 
But she was rather surprised when she heard Sabrina saying she did not have enough money. 
Could Sebastian have cut her off financially too? 
That would explain why she hates me so much and wants nothing more than to kill me off slowly. She was, after all, the eldest daughter in the family who was accustomed to having everything she wanted. 
Sasha listened until the woman stormed out while grumbling under her breath.
“Excuse me, can you come over here for a bit?” 
“Me?” 
The housemaid who returned from the yard looked up in surprise upon noticing the woman climbing back onto her wheelchair through the window. 
Sasha nodded. “Yes. I have a question. What happened to Sabrina during the period of time she was here? Don’t tell me that Mr. Hayes didn’t provide her any money after sending her here?” 
“Of course he didn’t. She’s lucky he didn’t just kill her. It was Mr. Hayes Sr. who protected her. That’s why Mr. Hayes had no choice but to send her here. I’ve been doing odd jobs to support the two of us during this whole time.” 
Sasha fell silent. 
She truly wasn’t aware of this. Now that she was, she realized that Sebastian was rather ruthless to his own sister. 
Pursing her lips, Sasha found herself speaking after a long time. “You said something about some people outside. Do you mean the ones who captured me?” 
“That’s right. They’ve been watching us.” 
Sasha’s face instantly paled. 
Is Sabrina crazy? Why hasn’t she notified Sebastian? Does she plan to hand me over to Solomon? 
The thought of that caused panic to rise in Sasha, and she pleaded, “Please, can you help me make a call to Mr. Hayes and tell him that I’m here?”
“I don’t have a phone, and Ms. Sabrina won’t let me make any calls either. She said she’d never call back even if it means dying here with you.” 
That madwoman! 
Sasha fell into despair. 
But in fact, she wasn’t all that surprised because someone as proud and stubborn as Sabrina would never be able to bring herself to give in. 
She would rather die than beg. 
It was already two in the morning when Sasha saw her again. 
It was freezing on this island. At night, even though Sasha had wrapped the thin blanket tightly around herself on the bed, it did nothing to shield her from the biting cold. 
To make things worse, her body was in pain. Besides the wound on her shoulder blade that was festering due to her own actions, both her legs were also hurting. 
Sleep was out of the question because of the cold, hunger, and pain. Thus, her ears immediately perked up at the sound of Sabrina returning. 
She discreetly looked out the window and spotted the slender woman pushing her motorbike in. Her footsteps sounded slightly heavy. As soon as Sabrina was done parking her motorbike, she slumped onto the chair by the side. 
“Eight hundred! I worked for the entire night and eight hundred is all I get! What am I? A beggar? Don’t they know who I am?” 
She took out a stack of something and threw it down hard.
Suddenly, the sound of paper fluttering in the air reached Sasha’s ears, and she raised her head to see pieces of banknote worth a small amount floating midair. In the blink of an eye, it landed right beside her. 
So this is how much she earned tonight? 
Sasha was momentarily stunned. 
In the end, she spied Sabrina picking up the banknotes one by one and stuffing them back into her pocket. Only then did she lay back down on the bed and close her eyes. 
It seemed like there was hope yet. 
The next morning, Sasha was once again awakened by the smell of food. 
“Go wake her up, and leave her door open while you’re at it. Let’s see if the smell of my coffee will get her crawling out today, shall we?” 
The housemaid nodded helplessly and went to Sasha’s bedroom. 
Unexpectedly, when she opened the door, she saw Sasha already dressed neatly and sitting on the bed. 
“Madam, you’re…” 
“Can you come over and help me up, please? I need to go downstairs before crawling over on my knees,” Sasha said calmly from the bed. 
The housemaid was shocked. 
What did she say? Crawl? 
Is she really going to crawl in front of Ms. Sabrina? After being stubborn for so many days, has she finally come to her senses?
###Chapter 432
Chapter 432
Sasha was helped down the stairs. Then, she fell onto her knees without warning. 
Sabrina blinked in surprise at that. 
“Didn’t you want to see me crawling to you on all fours? Fine. I’ll grant you your wish, but you’ll have to promise me one thing—after you get what you want, you must immediately take me away from this place.” 
“Why should I?” 
“Because the person who wants to capture me is your half-brother. And do you know why he wants me, Sabrina? It’s because he plans to use me to blackmail Sebastian and force him to hand over Hayes Corporation. Do you understand now?” 
Sasha’s tone turned grave as she uttered the latter part of the sentence from her position on the ground. 
Sabrina’s expression changed slightly. 
She wasn’t a fool, to begin with. Not to mention, she had managed Hayes Corporation for many years. So of course she had suspected as much. 
But why should I care? My own family gave up on me. Two of my closest relatives banished me here. Why should I care about any of this? 
Sabrina’s buried resentment surged within her heart, and her features instantly distorted with rage.
“What does this have to do with me? But don’t you worry. I won’t let you fall into his hands. I’ll make sure you die in mine before letting that happen.” 
She approached the woman on the floor step by step. Upon coming to a halt in front of Sasha, she poured the cup of coffee in her hand onto the latter’s head. 
“Miss-” 
“Ahhh!” 
A loud scream echoed through the place, followed by the housemaid’s exclamation. Sasha clutched her head and curled into a ball. 
The coffee in that cup was still boiling hot! 
After that, Sabrina left the house once again. 
With her gone, Sasha soaked herself in cold water for a long time before her head and face felt better. 
“Madam, please don’t take it to heart. Ms. Sabrina is just… Well, she suffered a lot when she first came here. That’s why she got so worked up when you mentioned her brother and father. Please don’t hold it against her.” 
The housemaid kept apologizing on behalf of Sabrina for what the latter did. 
But of course Sasha understood. 
Despite what Sabrina did to her, she couldn’t be bothered arguing ever since she saw Sabrina coming back late the previous night. 
In reality, deep down inside, Sabrina had never once given up on the Hayes family.
From that day onward, Sasha began secretly writing prescriptions whenever Sabrina wasn’t home. She entrusted the housemaid to get her the corresponding medicinal herbs, which she used to make cooling pills. 
After making them, she folded a small box out of a piece of white cardboard and kept the pills in it. 
The housemaid’s eyes widened when she saw them. “Are those pills… cooling pills?” 
Sasha smiled in response. “You’re familiar with these?” 
“Of course I am. They’re good stuff. They repel mosquitoes and also dispel heat. This medication is very popular on this island, but it’s only made in Clear, and it’s too difficult to get it imported. Even if the people here have money, the chances of getting their hands on these pills are slim to none,” the housemaid explained. 
A faint smile appeared on Sasha’s lips at that, and the movements of her hands became faster. 
What she said is not surprising. Since I’m no longer in Clear, the pills in stock are decreasing by the day. It’s only natural they wouldn’t export them when their own local supply is running low. 
After making twenty cooling pills, Sasha used a pen to sign the signature she designed back then on the small white box. 
Then, she passed it to the housemaid. 
“Here. Take these to the local pharmacies. You can let them inspect the pills on the spot. If there aren’t any problems, remember to charge a deposit of fifty percent.” 
The housemaid was doubtful, but she still went out with the pills anyway.
As a result, she was mind-blown. When she brought the pills to the pharmacies, all the bosses cut open one pill for inspection. When they got a whiff of the strong medicinal smell, they immediately confirmed that these pills were the real deal. 
Hence, when she came back two hours later, she had more than a dozen orders in hand, as well as cash amounting to several thousand. 
It was completely unbelievable. 
When Sabrina came back that night, she was shocked to hear about this. The look on her face was especially gloomy when she saw the small heap of cash on the table. 
“Sabrina, I won’t force you to ask your brother and father for help. So this is what I came up with. There shouldn’t be a problem anymore, right? We can leave this place once we make enough money.” 
Sasha was very frank with her intentions. 
Sabrina’s expression remained grim. 
But this time, instead of barking a retort, she merely swiveled around to head upstairs. 
Both Sasha and the housemaid finally breathed a sigh of relief. The two of them worked overnight. As for Sabrina, the housemaid secretly brought some upstairs for her to work on. Surprisingly, she did not throw them out. 
A week later, the three of them finally made more than a million. 
That day, after coming back from collecting the bills, Sabrina pulled over a chair to sit across from Sasha before asking with an icy expression, “Do you want to leave by ship or plane?” 
Without much thought, Sasha asked back, “What about you? Which do you prefer?”
Sabrina sneered. “Why are you asking me? It’s not like I’m going.” 
###Chapter 433
Chapter 433
What? 
She’s not leaving? 
Sasha was shocked to hear that. 
What is this woman up to now? Why isn’t she leaving? Is she trying to be a permanent fixture here? 
Sasha was losing her patience. “Sabrina, why aren’t you leaving? Are you worried that your brother and father are still mad at you? If that’s the case, don’t worry. I’ll put in a good word for you.” 
“You’ll put in a good word for me? Who do you think you are? Sasha, don’t think so highly of yourself!” Sabrina rebuked heatedly. 
It seemed that Sasha had struck a nerve. 
All she could do was keep quiet and watch as Sabrina stomped out of the door. 
The housemaid, who had been looking on by the side, sighed and said, “Madam, what should we do now? If Ms. Sabrina doesn’t leave, there’s no way we can get out of here.” 
Sasha did not how to respond to that. 
What can we do? We’ll just need to take things one step at a time. The best thing would be to get in touch with Sebastian as soon as possible. 
Sasha heart ached at the thought of him.
In the meantime, Solomon was starting to have his doubts about Sabrina. More than ten days had gone by, and there was still no sight of Sebastian. Solomon wondered if Sabrina did indeed inform her brother. 
“Mr. George, I doubt so. If she had, I’m sure Sebastian would be here by now.” 
“That’s right. I heard that Sebastian was the one who left her here back then. Sabrina was wreaking havoc in Avenport, and he finally had enough of her nonsense.” 
Solomon said nothing. He was now certain that Sabrina did not inform Sebastian. 
Since that was the case, it was time for him to make a move. 
When Solomon arrived at the small villa, Sasha had just dialed Sebastian’s number using the housemaid’s phone. 
The door burst open with a loud bang. 
“Who’s that?” 
The housemaid ran downstairs the moment she heard the commotion. 
Solomon was standing in the front yard holding his black umbrella. He looked up at the second-floor window and saw Sasha clutching onto the phone. 
“Nancy, stop fooling around and get down here. It’s time to go home.” 
Sasha trembled violently. At that moment, she felt hopeless and desperate. 
No, I will never go back with him. 
Urgh! Why is the call not getting through? Why is it when I need him the most, he’s always not by my side?
She glanced at the phone screen before she threw the phone on the floor in frustration. 
“I will not go back with you, Solomon. Since I escaped, I have no intention of going back.” 
Slowly, she stood up from the window. 
Seeing that, a look of horror settled upon Solomon’s face. 
“Nancy, what are you trying to do? Listen to me and get down from there.” 
Panicking, he cast aside his umbrella and dashed into the villa. 
Sasha smiled bleakly and leaped off the window the very next second. 
“Ah!” 
Broom! 
Just as the housemaid screamed, a motorcycle sped toward Sasha and stopped with a screech. 
Before she could hit the ground, a black figure caught her in time and threw her over the motorcycle. 
“Hold on! Don’t fall!” 
It was Sabrina. She had caught hold of Sasha just in the nick of time. 
Hope filled Sasha’s eyes once again. 
Subsequently, she held on tightly to Sabrina’s waist, and the two of them sped off. 
Solomon, who had witnessed the entire scene, had no clue what had just happened. 
Around ten minutes later, the two women arrived at a beach on the island.
Once the motorcycle came to a halt, Sabrina carried Sasha and threw her onto a speedboat before hopping onto it. 
“T-Thank you.” 
After such an intense moment of life and death experience, Sasha was finally able to catch her breath. The first thing she wanted to do was to thank Sabrina. 
However, there was no response from her savior. 
The speedboat took off at high speed. By the time Solomon got there with his men, they were long gone. 
“Sabrina, we… we better inform your brother. I doubt we can go far with this speedboat.” 
Looking at Soloman who was staring at them from the shore, Sasha felt fearful and started pleading once again. 
Sabrina burst out in frustration. “When he first sent me here, I disabled all the signals here. The only way to contact him would be to get out of this area first.” 
Sasha was stunned. 
This woman is too extreme. I can’t believe she turned this area into a dead zone in a fit of anger. It’s no wonder there was no sign of Sebastian. 
###Chapter 434
Chapter 434
It turned out that all wireless signals had been blocked off in that area. 
Once the signal had been blocked, it would be hard or even impossible to trace the person one was looking for. 
Perhaps that was the reason why Solomon had chosen to lock Sasha up in this place. 
It had not occurred to him that the blocked signals were the handiwork of Sabrina and not of natural causes. 
All Sasha could do now was to wait for the speedboat to get out of the area. 
Just as they got further away, Sasha noticed that the sky was getting darker. 
“Sabrina, is it very late now?” 
“What do you mean?” Sabrina turned around impatiently. 
However, her expression changed upon looking at Sasha. 
“I’m asking about the time. What time is it now? It’s starting to get dark so I assume it’s getting late?” asked Sasha. 
As far as she could see, it was getting darker everywhere. 
It must be late then. 
What’s going to happen to us? Being out at sea in the middle of the night is not an ideal situation.
Sasha was very worried. 
Just then, the speedboat stopped moving. She looked up and saw a figure coming toward her. 
“Sabrina?” 
“A-Are you all right?” asked Sabrina. 
“What?” Sasha looked surprised. “I’m fine. What’s wrong? Why did you stop the boat?” 
A long time later, Sabrina reached out and touched Sasha’s face. Blood was all over her hand in the next moment. 
“You’re injured. You have blood all over your face.” 
Sasha was startled. 
I’m injured? But I don’t feel anything at all. How can I be injured? 
She reached up and touched her face dubiously. 
She felt something sticky on her hand. 
Maybe it’s a scratch? At the present moment, she did not experience any unbearable pain. 
Sasha tore off a piece of her clothes and wiped her face. “I’m all right. It’s just a minor injury. Carry on driving. If you don’t, they’ll catch up to us very soon.” 
Sabrina said nothing. She glanced at Sasha’s bloodied eyes and went back to driving the boat. 
A few hours later, the signal on the phone came on. They quickly hid behind a reef peak and prepared to make the call.
“Quick, make the call. It’s so dark now. We need to ask your brother to pick us up as soon as possible.” 
Sabrina took out her phone and paused for a while. 
Dark? 
Although the weather isn’t great, and there’s fog all around us, it isn’t getting dark. Sabrina could see everything around her very clearly. 
She made the call. 
Ring! Ring! 
True enough, the call went through immediately and was answered after barely a few rings. 
“Hello? Sabrina?” 
The two women were excited upon hearing Sebastian’s familiar yet anxious voice, especially for Sasha. 
She stood up in the dark. 
Finally, I’m hearing his voice. 
“Sabrina? Say something. Are you with Sasha? Where are you now? Are you still on Drake Island?” 
Not hearing a single sound from Sabrina’s end, Sebastian started to get agitated and shot a barrage of questions. 
It sounded like he was aware of this incident. 
In fact, he had even made the right guess.
Still, the day when Karl was tailing Solomon in his helicopter, something weird had happened when their plane malfunctioned for no apparent reason. If it wasn’t for Karl’s superb piloting skills, they would have perished that day. 
Hence, it had been difficult to pinpoint Solomon’s location for the days to follow. When they first lost track of Solomon, they were thousands of miles away from Drake Island. 
It would have taken him a long time if he were to perform a search within that perimeter. 
He was considered quick to be able to guess their location in ten days. 
“Yes, we are on the run. Apart from that, your wife is crippled and has gone blind.” 
“What did you say?” 
Not only did Sebastian’s voice go a notch higher, but Sasha was also staring at Sabrina. 
Blind? 
When did I become blind? What the hell is she talking about? 
Sasha stared at her, flabbergasted. 
In reality, she had no idea that she was not even looking in the direction of Sabrina. Sabrina doubted that Sasha was aware that she could not see clearly. 
“What do you mean? How did she get crippled and blind? Explain now!” 
On the other end, Sebastian started yelling like a mad man as he demanded his sister to tell him the details. 
Sabrina got annoyed and hung up the call. After that, she sent a video over to him.
Sasha was stumped for a moment. 
Suddenly, a gust of sea breeze blew over. She shivered and shouted, “Don’t watch the video!” 
###Chapter 435
Chapter 435
Sabrina stopped and turned to look at Sasha. 
After losing so much blood, Sasha had become so pale that she looked like a walking corpse. Her red, bloodshot eyes made her look even scarier. 
It was as if blood had filled every corner of her eyes to the point that even the irises were stained red. 
Sasha’s appearance shocked Sabrina. 
“No, it’s not like this. I’m not blind. Don’t show him the video. I’ll be able to cure myself. Please don’t tell him anything now. Wait till I get better.” 
Sasha’s arms were flailing about in the air as she spoke. She was obviously desperate and fearful, and her incoherent speech made her look like a lunatic. 
With shaky hands, she searched her body for the needle. 
Sabrina regained her senses and rushed forward to stop her. 
“Sasha, what are you trying to do?” 
“I-I’m trying to cure my blindness. I know what’s going on. Let go of my hand. Let go.” 
Sasha struggled, hoping that Sabrina would release her grip. 
That was not going to happen. There was no way Sabrina would let go given the former’s current manic condition.
In the end, Sabrina had no choice but to knock Sasha out. 
She then took out her phone and snapped some photographs for her brother. 
Sabrina then laid Sasha down in the boat. 
Sebastian nearly fainted when he saw the photographs. 
It was all his fault that Sasha was in this state. 
In order to save him, not only did she get shot, but she also had to make a deal with that b*stard. 
As for Sebastian, he knew nothing. Other than the humiliation that he gave her that night, he had never given her anything else. 
In fact, he had never been good to her all these years. 
Tears started to well up in his eyes. Staring at those photos, all he felt right then was regret, guilt, agony, and heartache. 
Overwhelmed by those emotions, he had the urge to kill himself. 
“Mr. Hayes, a-are you alright?” 
“Notify all the hospitals under Hayes Corporation. I want them to send their best medical experts over here. In addition, mobilize the helicopters and military vessels. I want to get to this place as soon as possible!” He ordered while pointing to the position on the tablet. 
Karl got to work immediately. 
However, when Sebastian and his men got to the women’s last known position, the speedboat was nowhere to be found.
“Cr*p! Do you think they’ve been taken by Solomon?” 
Nobody dared to speak a word. 
The atmosphere took a change for the worst. 
A few minutes later, a group of men was left to continue their search in that area while the rest headed toward Drake Island. A massacre was about to commence. 
Expecting a repercussion of a certain magnitude, Solomon was long gone. 
Nonetheless, on his way to Jetroina, he received a video that showed the entire villa being razed to the ground. He could not help but feel nervous. 
Soloman broke out in cold sweat and even his lips turned pale. 
“He’s indeed a madman, Mr. George. I think it will be better if you don’t return to Jetroina for the time being. Given his crazy personality, I’m afraid he will really make his way to Xenhall. Once he has killed everyone in the villa and fails to locate you, he will certainly come after us.” 
His assistant reminded him forthrightly. 
Anger and resentment rose within Solomon. 
In the end, however, after much consideration, he had no other option but to do as his assistant had advised. They changed course and headed to another place. 
Meanwhile, on Drake Island, Sebastian could not find Soloman anywhere after slaughtering everyone in the villa. If Sabrina had not called him suddenly, he would have taken his men and gone to Jetroina to find that b*stard.
“Stop looking for me. Your wife doesn’t want to see you. So I’m taking her away.” 
“Why?” Sebastian exploded. 
“Why doesn’t she want to see me? Sabrina, what the hell are you up to again?” 
Sabrina’s temper blew up when she heard his accusation. “B*llshit! Why would I need to do anything? If I don’t want her to see you, I would have finished her off myself long ago!” 
It was only then did Sebastian calm down. 
After a long while, he asked again, “Why is she reluctant to see me? When you first called, I could hear her excited voice.” 
“It’s true. She was excited then. But I have no inkling what happened to her thereafter. She said she would jump off the boat if I were to wait there for you. What choice do I have?” 
Sebastian was at a loss for words. 
His handsome, bloodstained face looked so dejected that one could not help but feel sorry for him. 
Is she starting to hate me? 
###Chapter 436
Chapter 436
Because of Sebastian, Sasha had lost the use of her legs and also her eyesight. 
He had done so many hurtful things to her over the years, but she had never left him no matter what he did. In the past, he had always likened her to a sticky bubble gum that he could never get rid of. 
Yet now, she refused to see him. 
Sasha had finally decided to leave him. 
Sebastian stood there in a daze with his body swaying slightly as he recalled the day when she appeared in front of him and told him that she was back. Her face had been hopeful that day. His heart sank as he thought of her elated expression then. 
He knew then what she meant. 
However, his fear of being abandoned by her again had caused him to ignore her completely. 
When all was said and done, he was still the one who got dumped. 
Not to mention in such a manner as well. 
His shoulders drooped, and his blood ran cold. It felt like his heart had stopped beating. There were tears in his bloodshot eyes. All that was left was emptiness and utter despair. 
Sasha, can we stop? 
Can we just live in peace for the rest of our lives?
Unbeknownst to Sebastian, Sasha wanted the same thing too. 
However, there was no other choice for her. 
No one knew that during her time at the villa, she had attempted to restore the use of her legs by performing acupuncture on herself. 
Solomon had been feeding her drugs to subdue her and to counter the effect, Sasha had been using the needle to save herself. The risk in doing so was great as it might cause her blood vessels to get infected. The intention was to stimulate the blood vessels so that her legs would not be paralyzed as a result of the drugs. 
As such, Sasha had been very careful when she did the acupuncture. 
She had not expected to lose her eyesight. Her first thought was that there might be an issue with the blood vessels in her brain. 
At the moment, Sasha was sitting in a hotel room. 
She could feel the warmth of the lights around her even though there was only darkness as far as her eyes could see. It made her feel despondent. 
“Sasha, now that I’ve already made the phone call, will you go to the hospital? What’s the point of wallowing in self-pity here? Nobody’s looking.” 
Sabrina started lecturing Sasha the moment she ended the call. 
To be honest, given their past grudges with one another, it was kind enough of her to stay with Sasha till now. 
In response, Sasha simply kept mum.
It was only when Sabrina attempted to push her out of the room that she panicked and held on tightly to her wheelchair. 
“What are you trying to do?” 
“What I’m trying to do? What else can I be doing? I’m going to send you to your death!” 
By now, Sabrina’s patience had been exhausted, and her words became harsher by the minute. 
Sasha knew what she actually meant and instantly tightened her grip on her wheelchair. 
“I don’t need to go to the hospital. I’m a doctor myself.” 
“Then who are you showing that sorrowful face of yours to?” 
“For me. Sabrina, I won’t get well again. Back then, the drugs that Solomon had given me to numb my legs had damaged my optic nerve. That’s why I lost my eyesight. There’s no chance of recovery.” 
What Sasha said was true, to some extent. 
Sabrina stopped whatever she was doing. 
She stared at Sasha in disbelief. 
“So you’re saying that your legs and eyes are damaged because of that b*stard?” 
“Yes.” 
Sabrina was so startled by what she heard that she took two steps back. There were no words to describe her feelings.
Being an intelligent person and judging by the sound of the movement, Sasha knew what the woman’s reaction was without even looking at her. She smiled. 
“What’s wrong? Are you feeling sorry for me?” 
“Hah! B*llshit! Why would I feel sorry for you?” Sabrina denied outrightly. 
Sasha shook her head without saying another word. 
During their time together, she had learned something about Sabrina. The woman was a very extreme person, but a lot of times, she behaved more like a spoiled child. 
When she hated someone, she would insult and torture them. 
If anybody ever offended her, she would get back at the person at all costs until she was satisfied. 
In reality, Sabrina was not a bad person and could differentiate between right and wrong. From the time she saved her during her escape attempt, Sasha already knew. 
What happened within the Hayes family was one thing, but Sabrina would not tolerate any of her blood to be bullied by outsiders. 
They would have her to deal with. 
“So you refused to meet my brother because of this?” 
“Yes. My legs are useless now and my eyes are blind. What’s the point of meeting him?” 
“It’s not like he’s going to mind!” 
“But I do. He’s the reason why I have become like this. I can’t wait to kill him right now. So why would I still want to see him?”
Sabrina was dumbfounded once again. 
She would have never expected Sasha to hate her brother. 
###Chapter 437
Chapter 437
And here I thought she’s head over heels in love with him. After all, she even gave up her future just to marry him. 
She almost died during surgery when she had the triplets, too. Five years later, she still stuck to Sebastian like glue. 
But now she’s saying she hates him? 
Sabrina didn’t believe a word Sasha said. “Have you lost your mind? That’s my brother you’re talking about. Are you really dumping him?” 
“Yeah.” 
Sasha’s heart ached despite her nonchalant reply. 
Sabrina was rendered speechless by her answer. 
Sabrina had nothing else to say. As she stared at Sasha, the only thing she could do was call her brother immediately and tell him about Sasha’s decision. 
Before she could, however, Sasha continued, “If you tell him what I said, I will disappear.” 
Sabrina was bewildered by Sasha’s threat. 
This woman is definitely crazy! 
In the end, she simply left with a dark look on her face.
Hearing the door clicked shut, Sasha merely sat there as she smiled wryly. 
At this moment, I don’t want to see him. 
Because I’m afraid that I would be reluctant to leave if I saw him. 
I have loved him for so many years. And our children are still so young. So how could I leave if I saw them? How could I leave without a heavy heart? 
Sasha sat in the dark for a long while before she slowly rolled her wheelchair toward her room for her phone. 
A few minutes later, Lance picked up the call. 
“Hello?” 
“Lennie, it’s me. How are things at your end?” 
Sasha’s eyes were red-rimmed with unshed tears when she heard his voice. 
Lance, too, was excited upon hearing Sasha’s voice. 
“It’s so good to hear from you, Sha. We’re doing fine here. Uncle’s about to be released from prison as well.” 
Sasha was both happy and sad at the news. 
But at least now, she could let her worries go. 
Sasha urged, “Lennie, I won’t be returning any time soon, so I want you to take a pen and write down everything I’m about to tell you. It’s about the number of funds we have left and its uses.” 
“Sure. Give me a moment.”
Being a simple man, Lance couldn’t make out Sasha’s unusual behavior. He followed her instructions and wrote down every word she said. 
Sasha called her son next. 
It was the first time she talked to him after her accident. 
“Hello?” 
“Little Ian, it’s me. What are you guys doing? Have you had your meal?” 
Sasha was barely holding on to the tears in her eyes when she heard Ian’s childish voice. 
Ian was bursting with joy upon knowing it was his mother. 
“Matteo, Vivian, come quick! Mommy is on the phone. Hurry!” He didn’t answer Sasha’s question but called out to his siblings. 
Soon, the triplets gathered around the smartwatch. 
“Mommy…” 
“Vivi, sweetie. What are you doing?” Sasha was surprised to hear Vivian’s voice. 
Vivian started bawling at her question. 
“Mommy, where did you go? You didn’t come back to see me. They said something happened to you. I was so worried. When are you coming back? I want to see you.” 
Sasha’s felt a stab of pain in her heart hearing her daughter cry.
My sweeties. Every moment I’m awake, I want to hold you as you sleep, tell you stories, and send you to preschool in the morning. 
But I can no longer do that. 
Tears were streaming down her face at her realization. 
Luckily, the boys were there. Even though their eyes were red, they didn’t cry upon hearing their mother’s voice. 
“Mommy, it’s Matt.” 
“Yes, Matt?” 
“Mommy, has Daddy found you? Have the two of you met? He left a month ago.” 
Matteo was indeed an intelligent child. The question he asked was crucial. 
Sasha didn’t know how to answer him. 
She wanted to tell them the truth but was afraid they would be sad by it. If she lied, it would be exposed once they called Sebastian. Then, it might raise Sebastian’s suspicion as well. 
Sasha considered her options carefully. 
“He did find me. I’m with your Aunt Sabrina right now.” 
“Aunt Sabrina?” Matteo instantly turned to Ian, looking perplexed. 
However, Ian shrugged to show that he was unaware of it. Since the day Sebastian had sent Sabrina away, her name never popped up anymore. 
Nonetheless, from his perspective, as long as their mother was with a family member, it was good news.
###Chapter 438
Chapter 438
Ian leaned over. “Mommy, is Aunt Sabrina bringing you home? I can tell Grandpa to pick you up at the airport if that’s the case.” 
Huh? 
Sasha shook her head fervently. “No need. Your Aunt Sabrina won’t be returning so soon, but we will return as soon as she’s done with her work here.” 
It’s tough, having to lie to a genius son. 
It was an anxious conversation for Sasha. 
Luckily, Vivian took over in the end. 
“Then when are you coming back, Mommy? We missed you.” 
Her childish sobs almost crushed Sasha’s heart. 
I want to go back, too. 
But, I can’t ever go back, my sweeties. 
Sasha tried her best to keep the pain and despair in check as she comforted her kids. “Soon. I’ll return very soon.” 
“All right. I’ll wait for you, then.”
“Okay, Vivi. You have to listen to your brothers. And Ian and Matt, both of you have to stop provoking Ms. Dolivo. Remember to finish your meals and sleep well. If Ms. Rocke is there, you’ll have to listen to her.” 
Sasha started nagging while enduring the pain in her heart. 
I have thought things through. I won’t ask for much. If I die and Sebastian wants to take Roxanne as his wife, all I wish for is that she can treat my children well. 
Sasha’s heart had calmed once she hung up. 
Unbeknownst to her, Sebastian received a call from Ian ten minutes after she hung up. 
“Daddy, where are you?” 
“What happened?” 
Sebastian was currently staying at Sabrina’s mansion with a dejected look on his face. 
Ian frowned. “Mommy called a while ago. She said that she was with Aunt Sabrina. Do you know about this?” 
Sebastian grumbled, “Yes, I know. What about it?” 
“Why is she with Aunt Sabrina? Didn’t you go looking for her? Why aren’t you with her? Also, she told us to take our meals properly, sleep well, and listen to Ms. Rocke. What does she mean?” 
Sebastian’s muddled brain couldn’t process Ian’s words. 
Take your meals properly and sleep well? 
What is she saying? 
“Daddy, could it be that Mommy don’t want us anymore?”
“That’s im—” 
Sebastian instinctively wanted to refute Ian. 
But all of a sudden, he jumped up from the recliner as he realized something. 
Ian has a point. Is Sasha implying that she’s abandoning us? 
What did she mean by asking the triplets to listen to Roxanne in the future? Is she trying to leave a will? 
When the words crossed his mind, he snapped out of his stupor. 
“I got it. Thanks Ian. I’ll go find your mommy now.” 
He immediately ended the call and rushed out of the mansion. 
Ian turned to glance at his siblings when the call ended. 
Matteo asked, “How was it? Do you know what happened?” 
For a long while, Ian stayed silent. 
He then gazed at the intersection and let out a deep sigh. 
This time, surely we can wait for the two worrisome adults to return. 
Sebastian called Sabrina and asked her for her whereabouts. 
Sabrina was unwilling to answer as she remembered Sasha’s words. “She told me not to tell you. If I did, she would disappear.” 
“Disappear? Where would she go? Sabrina, just tell me how she is?”
Sebastian was almost yelling. 
In the end, Sabrina resignedly told him. 
“Sasha mentioned that Solomon’s drug had damaged her eyes and legs, and it was impossible to heal them. That’s why she didn’t want to see you. She hates you.” 
Sebastian shut his eyes, and with great effort, he suppressed the boiling rage and murderous intent that was raging within him. 
Solomon George! You will pay for this. 
Sebastian kept coaxing Sabrina until she told him where she was. 
Just as he was about to hurry there, he received another call from Sabrina. “See? I told you, Sebastian, I shouldn’t have said anything. Sasha has ran away.” 
Sebastian fell silent for a moment. 
“What the hell! Does she have clairvoyance? How could she know I was about to head there? Have you lost your brain? Hurry up and find her.” 
He finally snapped and shouted at Sabrina. 
I did miss out on a piece of important information. I was unsure of my assumption when I got Ian’s call. 
But now, this has verified my assumptions. 
That foolish woman. She doesn’t hate me. She simply doesn’t want me to see her in that kind of state. 
###Chapter 439
Chapter 439
Sebastian raised his hand and slapped himself. 
Half an hour later, Sabrina called again. 
“I found her. She was at the beach. Someone rescued her.” 
Sebastian’s hand on the steering wheel trembled at the news, causing him to almost crash into the railing. 
He had never thought that Sasha would act like this one day. 
Sebastian felt as though he was losing his mind. He stepped on the gas pedal, hoping to arrive at her city as soon as possible. The moment he reached, he drove straight to the local hospital. 
“Fortunately, the patient was rescued quickly. And because she wasn’t in the water for too long, she’s doing fine now. But I noticed something about her body.” 
“What is it?” 
“We’ve conducted a checkup, and it revealed that the nerves in both her legs had no reaction. Also, many of her major blood vessels from her brain to the lumbar spine suffered severe blockage and curvature. Especially the one leading to her brain. I assumed that she must be blind, am I right?” 
The doctor’s statement was encountered with silence. Sabrina lowered her head. For the first time in her life, she felt uneasy. 
Sebastian had arrived just in time to hear the doctor’s words, and he fainted on the spot.
“Mr. Hayes!” Karl shouted in shock. 
After resting in a ward for a long while, Sebastian slowly regained consciousness. He looked at the doctor in front of him. 
“You’re awake. Seems like you’ve been pushing your body to exhaustion, and you haven’t consumed any food or drink for quite some time. You should take care of yourself,” the doctor explained. 
Sebastian wasn’t listening. 
He licked his dry lip and turned to gaze at Sasha who was lying beside him. “What is her condition from what you mentioned earlier?” 
“You mean her?” 
“Yes.” 
“To put it simply, she has a vascular lesion. The drugs administered to her that paralyzed her legs shouldn’t have caused this. Unfortunately, I can’t figure out the actual cause.” 
The doctor had a look of utter helplessness. 
Sebastian stated as he recalled, “She’s also a doctor.” 
“What? She’s a doctor?” 
“Yes, a Chinese Medical Practitioner.” 
The doctor seemed to have come to a realization upon hearing that. 
“I see. That would explain a lot. Come over here. I need your help to flip her to her front. I want to show you something.” He walked over to Sasha.
Sebastian instantly pushed himself up and crossed the room to the doctor. 
They then flipped Sasha to lay on her front, displaying her entire back. 
There were many tiny pinpricks around her lumbar spine. 
“She’s a very ruthless person.” 
The doctor pointed at the pinpricks. “These were her doings. Although TCM is not my forte, I do know that some practitioners would use a needle to trigger their acupoints. I guessed she wanted to stimulate both her legs to overcome the numbness. She must have endured a lot of pain when she stabbed herself so many times.” 
Sebastian didn’t reply. 
His heart was aching as though numerous hands were tearing at it. It hurt so much that he was having difficulty breathing. 
I never thought that b*stard would treat her that way. 
Didn’t he love her? After all, he had been plotting to steal her away from the moment he saw me. But this was how he treated her after stealing her? 
Using drugs to cripple her… 
She must have been in despair. Was she waiting for me to save her all those while? 
When she was stabbing herself with that needle for numerous days and nights, was she hoping for me to appear and save her from that monster’s den?
On the verge of a mental breakdown, Sebastian wrapped his arms around Sasha tightly. His eyes were wet with unshed tears. 
The doctor couldn’t bear to look at the heart wrenching scene in front of him, so he changed the topic. “It’s not all hopeless yet. We could try surgery on this type of man-made vascular lesion.” 
“Really?” 
Sebastian raised his head to glance at the doctor. 
The doctor nodded. “The main symptom of the lesion is vascular curvature, resulting in the blockage of the blood vessels. I heard there’s a famous surgeon in Lightspring who saved a ten-days-old baby with a vascular condition. You can try bringing her there.” 
The doctor was kind enough to refer Sebastian to another doctor. 
At that moment, Sebastian felt he could see the light at the end of the tunnel. He immediately arranged a search for that Lightspring surgeon. 
Sabrina’s mood brightened at the news. 
“So, are you bringing her to Lightspring now?” 
“Yes, immediately.” 
Sebastian sat beside Sasha and held her hand in his as he stared at her lying there. 
###Chapter 440
Chapter 440
Sasha had lost a lot of weight. 
She was much thinner compared to when Sebastian brought her to the summit. Her chin was sharper, and her slender wrist couldn’t have been much thicker than Vivian’s. 
This idiot! 
Sebastian lowered his eyes, and a tear dropped onto the back of Sasha’s hand. 
Sabrina had never seen this side of her brother before, so her movements were awkward and stiff, not knowing what to do. 
“But the doctor said that Sasha’s sensitive to any stimulus at this moment. The blockage of blood vessels in her brain caused her blindness. If she was exposed to any stimulus, she would suffer from a cerebral hemorrhage and die shortly. So are you sure you want to go now?” Sabrina cautioned. 
This is certainly a problem. 
Sasha didn’t want to see him because she knew she wouldn’t live long, and she doesn’t want him to watch her die. 
But now, the doctor has suggested treatment for her. Even though we’re just trying our luck, who knows if it would succeed or not? Would Sasha agree to the treatment if she was awake? 
Also, could she accept Sebastian accompanying her? 
If she couldn’t accept it, her emotions would fluctuate, and the outcome wouldn’t be good.
Sebastian didn’t know how he left the ward. 
He merely remembered he sat in the hallway for the entire night. 
Two days later, Sasha woke up. 
The moment she opened her eyes, the pain all over her body crashed into her mind like a freight train. She couldn’t help but let out a groan. 
“You’re awake?” 
A gentle voice asked immediately in the dark upon hearing her. 
What happened? 
Her brain hadn’t fully grasped what was happening, and the darkness wasn’t helping. 
“Miss, you’re in a hospital. Do you remember being rescued? How are you feeling?” 
The gentle voice continued to explain kindly, seeing as she was still confused. 
I was rescued? 
Sasha finally remembered, and she immediately struggled to sit up. 
“Why would you save me? I didn’t want to live!” Upon realizing she was alive despite hoping to die, she yelled at the nurse. 
However, her tone didn’t affect the nurse. 
The nurse simply placed her hand on Sasha, holding the latter down as she tried to get up.
“Miss, you’re still young. Why would you choose death over living? Think about your family and friends. Wouldn’t they be sad if you left them?” 
“You don’t understand anything!” 
Temper flaring, Sasha yelled at the nurse and insisted on getting out of bed. 
The nurse merely smiled. “I do understand, and it’s not a big deal. It’s just a tiny issue with your body that you can recover from.” 
“What did you say? Just a tiny issue with my body?” 
“Yeah. It’s just a blockage of blood vessels. Dr. Moore has said that surgery would help cure you.” 
The nurse comforted her with a smile. 
Sasha was baffled by her reply. 
Was I bad at my job? 
Or has the world turned upside down? It’s a chronic condition, yet the nurse said her doctor could cure it by surgery. Is she joking? 
Sasha’s mind went blank for a long period. 
“What happened?” 
At that moment, a man speaking in fluent Ustranasion entered. 
His hoarse voice was unpleasant to her ears. It sounded as though his vocal cords were damaged from being parched over a long period of time.
The nurse quickly explained, “Dr. Moore, the patient just woke up. She was slightly agitated and didn’t want to stay here.” 
“If that’s the case, tie her to her bed. We can’t delay her surgery.” 
With that, Dr. Moore turned and left. 
Sasha was dumbstruck. “Should a doctor be saying that? What are you trying to do to me? Don’t try anything funny now or I’ll call the police.” 
She was confused by Dr. Moore’s odd behaviour. 
Who are these people? 
A doctor? Seems more like a crackhead to me… 
Unfortunately, the nurse listened to Dr. Moore’s instructions and tied her to her bed. 
The world has gone mad. 
Sasha wanted to call Sabrina for help. 
She didn’t expect that in the next moment, a series of drugs and injections were pumped into her bloodstream. She couldn’t even struggle as she was tied down. 
“Dr. Moore said these drugs will soften your blood vessels. You’ll be able to undergo surgery once they have softened to a certain degree.” 
Sasha was fed drugs by the nurse. In the end, she swallowed the bitterness in her mouth and decided to ask about the doctor.
She was a doctor as well. If Dr. Moore could explain the theory to cure her and convince her with it, she would believe him and comply with his treatments. 
Sasha asked to meet Dr. Moore. 
“Sure. Let me go get him for you.” 
The nurse went to get the doctor gleefully. 
A few minutes later, the doctor with the hoarse voice came in again. He merely stood by the door and maintained a distance away from Sasha. Sasha could feel the cold vibe he was giving off. 
Is he angry? 
Was it because I was a lousy patient these few days? 
###Chapter 441
Chapter 441
“So, why were you looking for me?” 
“Dr. Moore, I would like to ask you something. You say that my illness can be treated by surgery. Can you explain to me about this treatment?” 
Sasha did her best to sound polite, for she did not want to irk the doctor any more than she did. 
Dr. Moore looked at her. “Well, I’ll cut open your blood vessels and remove the clot inside it.” 
When Sasha heard this, she was disappointed. 
She had already guessed that this was the method he would use. 
However, it was not just one blood vessel of hers in the lumbar region that had lesions but many. There’s no way he could open up every blood vessel in there… 
Sasha became uninterested again. “Doctor Moore, are you kidding? My whole body is like this…” 
“That’s why we’re doing the surgery that is endangering your life the most first. As long as we remove the blockage in the blood vessels that are more important, your body would be able to have a stable function and those other less seriously affected blood vessels will recover naturally.” 
The doctor with the hoarse voice interrupted her, stating his treatment plan in a flat tone. 
Sasha fell silent. 
She had never thought of that before.
Although she was a doctor, surgery had never been her forte. As such, she had never done much research in this area. 
Does that mean I have a chance to live? 
Sasha’s heart that was filled with despair and disheartenment started beating with hope again. 
In the following days, Sasha was very cooperative as she followed every instruction that was given by the nurse. 
When she heard that taking the drugs that could soften her blood vessels could increase the success rate of her surgery, she endured its bitter taste and swallowed it. 
Apart from that, the doctor told her that exercise would be good for her, as it would make her body strong and prevent mishaps that might occur during surgery due to physical weakness. 
As such, she went to the garden daily to exercise. 
However, it was not convenient for her because she was blind. Most of the time, a nurse accompanied her. If the nurse wasn’t around, Sasha dared not leave the ward. 
Nobody understood how terrifying the world was to someone who had lost their sight suddenly. 
One day, the nurse had some other business to attend to, so she did not turn up. 
“Hi, Wand, do you want to go out to exercise today?” 
“Yeah, give me a minute.” 
Suddenly hearing the voice of a patient outside her ward inviting her, Sasha was overjoyed. Rolling her wheelchair, she groped her way out of the ward.
The fellow patient saw this and came over to help her out. 
“Wand, how are you lately? I can see that you’re looking healthier. 
“Really?” 
When the two were taking the elevator, the patient looked at her expression and suddenly teased her. 
They lived at the same level and she was suffering from a blood condition as well. As such, they became quite close. 
Sasha was naturally glad to hear that because being healthier meant one step closer to her surgery. 
She worked harder that day during her exercise to the point that she almost collapsed. 
“Hey!” 
“Be careful!” 
Before she could collapse, a pair of powerful arms caught her, preventing her from falling to the ground. 
Sasha heard the usual hoarse voice and was just about to thank the doctor when a faint but distinct scent drifted into her nose. 
Sasha was stunned for a moment. 
“That’s enough. There’s no need to overdo your exercise in the future. Learn to stop when you are tired.” Dr. Moore withdrew his hands and quickly found a nurse to help her. 
Sasha was silent. 
For a moment, a thought flashed across her mind but when she tried to put her finger on it, it was gone.
Am I going mad? 
How could such a ridiculous thought come to my mind? 
Sasha shook her head and told herself not to let her mind wander. Then, she asked the nurse to take her back to the ward. 
After a week, she finally met all the necessary criteria and was ready for surgery. 
“Ms. Wand, before the surgery begins, do you have any instructions?” 
On that day, after the nurse had given Sasha her check-up, she asked if Sasha wanted anything before going into the operation theatre. 
If I want anything? 
Sasha fell silent for a moment. 
She knew that what the nurse meant was that even though Dr. Moore’s method was perfect, in practice, there had never been a case like hers. As such, nobody could be certain that she would be able to come out of surgery safely. 
The nurse was trying to give Sasha a gentle reminder that anything could go wrong and that she should be prepared for the worse. 
That night, Sasha could not sleep. 
She wanted to meet those she missed, her children, her father, Uncle Jackson, Aunt Sharon, and… that man. I’ll be satisfied even if I could only listen to their voices. 
However, she dared not because she was afraid she would be discovered.
Besides, she was afraid that if she heard their voices, she would lose the courage to enter the operating theater. 
Sasha tossed and turned for a long time on the hospital bed. It was almost dawn before she fell asleep. 
She did not know that while she was tossing and turning, there was someone in the ward who was sitting at a small table not far from her bed. 
In the pitch-black ward, even though his facial features could not be seen clearly, his eyes seemed to gleam as he watched her quietly. He did not miss any frown nor any sad sigh that came from her. 
###Chapter 442
Chapter 442
The next day, Sasha was brought into the operating theater. 
In the quiet hospital corridor, Sebastian watched as the door to the operating theater shut its doors with a click. His hand trembled uncontrollably. 
He felt chilly and uncomfortable as if something was gripping his heart tightly. Gripping onto the bench to support himself, he felt like he was suffocating. 
What he was feeling was fear. 
It came from deep inside him and he had no control over it. 
Standing beside him, Sabrina quickly came over to her brother. 
“Are you alright? Why don’t you go back to the ward and rest for a while?” 
“There’s no need…” 
His forehead was already beaded with sweat, but he still declined. 
Seeing how obstinate he was, Sabrina did not force him but brought a cup of water for him instead. 
After a while, Sebastian felt better, and they both sat down on the bench. 
“How’s everyone at home?” 
“We’re doing alright but I doubt we can hold on for long. Once Dad is forced to admit to the incident with Yancy, the board of directors would certainly not let him off easily,” Sabrina said, frowning.
These days, albeit reluctantly, Sabrina had returned home to check on things. After all, her brother had made this request personally and she could not bring herself to refuse. 
Sebastian scoffed at that. 
“They won’t let it go easily? Well, that’s nothing new. They have never let anything go easily, after all.” 
Sabrina fell silent. 
She knew that was exactly how their company was. After her father had taken a lesser position, the elder leaders of the company never respected nor acknowledged her or her brother taking the helm. 
They felt that the siblings were too young. Besides, since the company was owned by shareholders, they felt that it was prosperous to let them act as though they own the place. 
At the moment, however, the Hayes family was doing exactly that. 
“So, what are your plans now?” 
“I need you to continue keeping a close watch on things. If I’m not mistaken, something is about to happen in Jetroina. You must get someone to monitor that. 
Sabrina simply listened on without commenting. 
Although she was reluctant to do as told since she couldn’t be bothered by what was happening to her family, she kept her peace after glancing at the closed door of the operating theater. 
After three hours, the door finally opened. 
“Doctor, how is she?” Sebastian leaped from the bench and rushed over to the bed.
The blonde-haired, blue-eyed doctor who was currently wheeling Sasha out was her actual attending physician. 
The doctor looked at him with an expression of relief. “Mr. Hayes, I’m glad to inform you that our first surgery is a great success.” 
“That’s wonderful!” 
After hearing the good news, Sebastian was so excited that his figure trembled. 
Only Heaven knows how happy he was at that moment. 
Sabrina was quite happy, too. After everything they had gone through together, she no longer hated Sasha as she used to. 
Soon after, Sasha was sent into the ward by the doctor. 
“Mr. Hayes, Once the anesthesia wears out and the patient wakes up, she’ll probably experience pain. Just monitor her and if there’s any problem, inform the nurse immediately,” instructed the doctor before leaving. 
Hearing that, Sebastian’s face turned pale. “Pain? How much pain are we talking about here? Is there a way to prevent it?” 
Sebastian is being really overprotective… 
Sabrina could not take it anymore. She left the hospital and was headed toward the hotel when Karl suddenly came to her. 
“Ms. Sabrina, we just got news from Jetroina that Solomon has gone back to Xenhall. Should we continue to keep monitoring him?”
“What?” 
Sabrina was stunned and her expression changed. 
I can’t believe Sebastian was actually right. That b*stard actually made a move. 
Sabrina’s expression darkened. 
Nobody knew, but in the woman’s heart, she only ever acknowledged and loved one brother—Sebastian. 
Even though the brat had never been as obedient as he should have been and caused a lot of trouble for her, he was still the only brother for her. 
It doesn’t matter that they came from different mothers. She loved him. 
Sabrina flew home. 
Meanwhile, in the intensive care unit of the hospital, Sebastian heard the first wave of Sasha’s moans of pain when night fell. 
“Ahh…” 
She was only semi-conscious but the pain was so severe that she cried out. 
Sebastian was immediately wide awake. He rushed to her bedside and saw her whole body writhing in pain. He bent over and held her in his arms. 
“It’s alright. It’ll be fine… you’re alright…” 
“Mmm…”
The pain persisted, coming in waves and making Sasha subconsciously grit her teeth in her unconscious state. 
Sebastian couldn’t bear to see her like that. 
He did not hesitate to put his palm in between her teeth. 
With nowhere to vent and tortured by pain, Sasha opened her mouth and bit down on his hand forcefully. Instantly, blood poured into her mouth. 
Sebastian grunted dully. 
Despite so, he continued to gaze at her without moving an inch. 
After about ten minutes, the wave of pain finally subsided, and Sasha loosened her mouth. 
Sebastian withdrew his hand that was dripping with blood. 
###Chapter 443
Chapter 443
The next day, when Sasha woke up, she got a whiff of fresh air that came with the new dawn. 
I’m alive? 
I made it! 
She was so elated that she wanted to laugh aloud. 
However, she quickly realized that darkness was still all she could see. Immediately, her heart was plunged into despair once again. 
“Doctor? Doctor?” 
“The patient is awake…” 
Sasha heard the nurse’s gentle voice as the latter quickly made her way to the bed. 
Waving her hands around, she uttered, “Nurse, my eyes… why am I still not able to see with my eyes?” 
“Well…” 
Before the nurse could continue, a hoarse voice sounded. “It won’t be that fast. This time, our surgery is done mainly to clear the blockage from the vessels in your spine area that lead to the whole body. This is the key to solving your life-threatening condition. Once this is solved, your body will recover, and everything else will be fine.” 
Dr. Moore had entered the ward, and after seeing Sasha’s panicked state, he gave her an explanation.
Now I understand. 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief, and her expression softened. 
“Thank you, Dr. Moore.” 
“Don’t mention it. Anna, please watch over her carefully. If there is any problem, call me.” 
Dr. Moore left soon after, presumably to take care of other matters. 
Laying on the hospital bed, Sasha sensed that the nurse had come over to remove her peripheral venous catheter. Suddenly, she was overcome with the desire to tell all her loved ones the good news. 
“Nurse, can you bring me my mobile phone? I would like to make some calls.” 
“Of course.” 
The nurse agreed willingly and brought her mobile phone to her. 
As Sasha held it in her hand, she was so overwhelmed with emotions that her hands trembled. 
Finally, she had hope to go on living. 
She could let go of her worry of leaving her loved ones. 
The first person she asked the nurse to help her call was Uncle Jackson. 
“Hello, Uncle Jackson. It’s me, Sasha.” 
“Where the hell have you been, you brat? You haven’t called for so long!” 
The moment the line was connected, Jackson’s thunderous voice came from the other end.
However, by the end of his scolding, Sasha could hear the man sobbing. 
Sasha had not called Jackson ever since she got into trouble. Every piece of news he got about Sasha came from the Hayes. 
Unable to contain her emotions, Sasha’s tears streamed down her face uncontrollably. “Uncle Jackson, I’m sorry. I’m fine, and I’ll be home soon…” 
“Really?” Jackson asked in disbelief. 
With eyes that were brimming with tears, Sasha nodded. 
Now that she had hope, she did not want to lie to her loved ones anymore. She wanted to tell him the good news so that he would stop worrying about her. 
Unbeknownst to Sasha, just as she was talking to her uncle, Aunt Sharon, who had always been cold toward her, seemed to have a change of heart as she pretended to prune plants but was actually eavesdropping on them. 
After that, Sasha gave a call to Lance before finally calling her children. 
The children had already heard the truth from Sabrina about what was going on. 
Despite so, they continued to play along even when Sasha was lying to them. 
Finally, when Sasha was about to hang up, the children told her to come home soon in unison. 
“Mommy, Daddy is working really hard at the office. Would you like to give him a call?” 
Being the clever kid that he was, Matteo did not forget to remind his mother at the end. 
Sasha could not help but clench her fist when she heard that.
Do I want to call him? 
Well, of course I do! 
However, she did not have the courage to do so. After all, this was only the start on her path to recovery. The doctor could not guarantee that the subsequent surgeries will all go well without a hitch. 
Sitting on her hospital bed, Sasha clutched the phone in her hand and struggled with herself for a long time. 
Unbeknownst to her, a man in a white coat was watching her intently. 
He watched on as she called one person after another. 
However, after she hung up the last call, she sat unmoving, clutching the mobile phone tightly and showing no intention of making more calls. 
The light in the man’s eyes dimmed. 
Just like a full moon that had been obscured by a passing cloud, his eyes were so full of gloom that one could not bear to look at them. 
She remembered everyone. 
Yet, she left me out. 
The man left the room with a heart full of disappointment. 
After ten minutes or so, he was sitting in the doctor’s office, smoking, when he received his sister’s call. 
“Hey, what happened? Your wife called me just now. Aren’t you at the hospital?”
“I am. Did she tell you something?” 
“She asked me to inform you to take care of your health. Apart from that, she also said that the timing right now isn’t the best for both you and the children. So you should wait for a while before you marry Roxanne. 
Cough. 
Hearing that nearly choked the life out of him. 
The timing isn’t right? 
Is she trying to approach the situation in a roundabout way? 
She did not call me directly but instead called Sabrina to ask me to delay my marriage. 
Sebastian was exasperated. 
However, he had to admit that the gloom in his heart had all but dissipated upon hearing the woman’s words. 
With some difficulty, he calmed himself and rubbed his teary eyes. He wanted to say something, but in the end, he only managed to croak out, “She’s mad!” 
###Chapter 444
Chapter 444
Solomon went back to Avenport. 
He moved back into the apartment that Prime Cloud Corporation gave him. 
As it was located in the center of the city, he could gaze over the whole city at night. 
Naturally, the most iconic building in the city—Hayes Corporation—stood out among the other buildings. 
“Sir, I’ve checked. Sebastian has yet to return. Frederick and Sabrina are the ones currently managing Hayes Corporation.” 
At that moment, his assistant entered his room. Seeing him gazing at Hayes Corporation, the assistant briefed the situation of that company to him. 
Prime Cloud Corporation was actually situated near Hayes Corporation. 
When Sasha first came to this company, she had noticed this. 
What Sasha didn’t know was that the man who had been sponsored by her mother, and who told her that he was merely an employer at Prime Cloud Corporation, was actually the boss of Prime Cloud Corporation. 
In fact, Prime Cloud Corporation was not founded by Solomon and several shareholders, but a secret investment project from Sinch Enterprise. 
Most importantly, the primary purpose of the company was to spy on Hayes Corporation. 
Solomon was still standing by the window.
He did not pay much attention to who was controlling Hayes Corporation, but he was concerned by the part that mentioned Sebastian had yet to come back. 
He stared into the horizon, with his face devoid of expression. 
“Has she not recovered yet?” 
“No. She had just completed an operation yesterday. But I heard it’s merely a start. No one knows if she could ever fully recover.” 
The assistant replied honestly. 
Upon hearing that, Solomon lowered his head despondently as though he was in despair. 
If one observed closely, one could even see his shoulders trembling slightly. 
“Mr. George?” 
“Do you think that I’m a bad person?” 
After a long silence, Solomon asked the question with a trembling voice. 
The assistant shook his head right away. “Not at all, sir. After all, you didn’t mean it. You didn’t know the drug would cause such a big effect on Ms. Nancy.” 
“I did it on purpose. I wanted to use the drug to control her and make her stay with me forever!” 
Losing his calm, he turned around and yelled at the assistant with his eyes filled with exasperation. 
The assistant paled in shock and took a few steps back. 
“Mr. George, you…”
“Get out of my sight right now!” Trying hard to hold back his rage, Solomon pointed at the door with a look of fury. 
The assistant immediately ran out of the room. 
He was beyond frightened by his rage-stricken boss. 
But little did he know that after he left, Solomon collapsed weakly to the floor. 
Nancy, I didn’t mean it. 
Solomon sat on the floor despondently for the entire night. 
The next morning, he was wakened up by his assistant’s call. 
“Mr. George, Trevor called just now. He asks where we should meet.” 
“Let’s meet at the graveyard.” 
After collecting himself, he uttered an address into the phone. 
He was on the brink of giving up, and he needed a good reason to carry on. At the moment, the only thing that came to his mind was his mother’s grave. 
Back in Lightspring, Sasha’s condition was no longer life-threatening, and she could finally go out to catch some fresh air. 
The nurse in charge of taking care of her was still Anna. 
“Ms. Wand, where would you like to go?”
“Let’s go to the front yard. A patient that lives on the same level as mine always goes over there. Maybe I’ll see her there.” 
Sasha recalled the patient who used to chat with her. 
But to her bewilderment, Anna told her that that particular patient had passed away two days ago. 
She passed away? 
Sitting in her wheelchair, Sasha fell into silence for quite a while. 
As a doctor, matters regarding life and death were never a big deal for her. 
But now that she had become a patient herself, her perception had changed a bit. 
When she thought about how a lively human who was still talking to her enthusiastically just a few days back was now gone forever, it felt like a significant blow to her heart. 
Besides, she herself was on the brink of death. As such, she could really feel the impact of her wardmate’s death. 
“What’s wrong? I hear from Anna that you’ve been moody since you came back from your walk.” 
Just as Sasha was sitting decadently in the ward, Dr. Moore entered and asked her the question in his usual hoarse voice. 
Sasha was slightly baffled by the doctor’s sudden change of behavior. What’s with him? He’s usually cold and indifferent toward me. 
Raising her head, she glanced in the direction where the doctor’s voice came from with her sightless eyes.
“Dr. Moore, how much of a chance do I have to live?” 
“What?” 
“I still need to go through many operations, don’t I? What’s the odds of me coming out from the operation alive? After cutting my blood vessels, how much probability do they have to function normally in the future?” 
Sasha fired a barrage of questions at the doctor. Her eyes were filled with misery—the same misery back when she was having her first operation. 
###Chapter 445
Chapter 445
Dr. Moore simply stared at Sasha without a word. 
It was only after she managed to calm her emotions did he open his mouth. “I won’t let you die.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
You won’t let me die? What a peculiar reply. Of course, a patient like me will be happy to hear this kind of answer. But that’s hardly what a professional doctor should say. 
In her own experience, on the first day as a doctor, there was one crucial thing that the hospital would tell them. That was not to promise anything to the patients, especially when it came to matters of survival. 
Does the culture differ according to the region? Do all the doctors here talk like this? 
Sasha was stunned momentarily that she did not even realize when Dr. Moore left the ward. 
However, it was precisely because of the doctor’s assuring words that she was able to get some good sleep that night. But when it got to around midnight, she felt a sudden pain in her blood vessels. 
“Mmmm…” 
She gripped her bedsheet tightly while moaning in agony. 
What’s wrong with her? 
Hearing her moan, a tall figure who had been lying on the couch jumped up and hurried to her side. 
“What’s wrong? Do you feel uncomfortable?”
“It hurts…” 
Sasha’s consciousness was blurry, to begin with. Coupled that with the dizziness and excruciating pain she was experiencing, she couldn’t care less when there was a sudden voice sounded beside her nor could she recognize it. 
The person heard her reply and immediately pressed the emergency button at the head of the bed. Right after that, he pulled her into his embrace. 
“Don’t worry. I’ve called the doctor. He’ll be here soon. Don’t be afraid.” 
His warm arms were wrapped around her body and his voice was utterly gentle. 
Sasha was in a daze. 
The great torment in her body suddenly reminded her of a scene. 
It was a scene that she had long forgotten. 
“Don’t come any nearer! Don’t bite me…” 
A panicked little girl was running around an old house while a huge black dog was chasing her persistently. 
The little girl was terrified. 
Right at that moment, a boy dressed in a white shirt that was around ten showed up to her rescue. He picked up a shovel from the ground and charged at the dog without any hesitation. 
Woof… 
With a whimper, the dog collapsed on the ground.
As for the little girl, she fell to the ground as well and froze on the spot. 
After a while, the boy walked over and reached out his hand toward her. “Come on. Get up. What a useless little girl.” 
The girl remained silent. 
As she stared at the boy’s beautiful features that were basked in the sun’s warm ray, she even forgot to blink. 
What was more embarrassing was that she even drooled. 
“What are you doing?” 
The boy’s expression changed to that of repulsion upon seeing that, and he turned to leave. 
Right at that moment, the black dog woke up suddenly and barked fiercely at him. 
Startled by it, the little girl stared at the dog with her mouth agape. Seemingly pissed, the boy picked up the shovel again and killed the dog brutally and without mercy. 
The little girl was shell-shocked by that scene. 
With that, she totally forgot the fact that the boy had saved her life. 
Recoiling in fear, she ran to find her mother and complained to her. “Mom, Sebby beat the dog to death.” 
Beat to death. Those were the exact words I used back then. So this is why he’s the way he is now! It’s all because of me! He did have some genetic flaw, but I was the one who turned him into this maniac. 
With that in mind, tears began welling up Sasha’s eyes.
In the middle of the churning pain, she curled her body up into a ball. 
The man that was hugging her thought she was in agony and he was going to place her back on the bed, intending to find the doctor. 
Before he could, however, she grabbed his hand tightly. 
“I’m sorry, Sebby. It’s my fault. I’d forgotten about it. I was the one who returned kindness with ingratitude. I’ve wronged you.” 
Closing her eyes, tears flowed down her cheeks uncontrollably. She lowered her head and kept on apologizing to him. 
The man felt a blow to his heart. 
Sebby? 
It had been such a long time since he last heard someone calling him that. 
Ever since the year when that despicable little girl ruined his life, he had never let anyone call him that name again. 
He detested it to an extent that he would lose control whenever he heard it. 
Yet now, she had called him that again. 
She even said that she had forgotten about that incident. 
Hesitating for a while, he lowered his head and gazed at her. 
“You silly girl, that’s not a big deal. The most important thing now is for you to recover fast.” 
His voice was hoarse as he spoke.
A moment later, the doctor finally came and injected Sasha with a painkiller. After a short while, Sasha slowly calmed down. 
However, tears could still be seen glistening in the corner of her eyes. 
###Chapter 446
Chapter 446
“Mr. Hayes. There’s no need for you to worry. It’s normal for her to experience this. Now that we’ve removed the blockage, blood has started to flow again. As such, when it flows through some remaining blockages, it will cause some pain.” 
“So?” 
“So we need to proceed with the second operation as soon as possible.” 
The blond-haired doctor told him the final treatment plan. 
Sebastian was out of words. One more operation meant more pain for Sasha. He feared that she would not be able to endure this lengthy process of recovery. 
Staring at Sasha, who was lying in bed, Sebastian felt as though a thousand needles were stabbing through his heart. How he wished he could take her place through this journey of hell instead. 
There’s no need for her to apologize… After all, she had repaid me long ago with all the pain and struggles she had been through since she was eighteen. 
Sebastian had set aside all his works as he was determined to stay by Sasha’s side to help her through this. 
Twenty days later, Sasha had overgone four operations. After endless torture, her eyes finally started to detect some light. 
Sebastian was beyond delighted.
Yet, at the same time, a piece of bad news came from the company. 
“Sebastian, Trevor betrayed us.” 
“What? Trevor?” Sebastian was utterly bewildered, for it seemed to him that anyone could turn their back on him but Trevor. 
After all, the Rocke family was the one who cured him. Plus, Trevor had a long and significant relationship with Frederick. 
Why would he betray us so suddenly? 
“Roxanne tried to commit suicide. After you canceled the wedding, she locked herself up in her room. Not long after that, she went back to the nursing home in Sumanthova and consumed a lot of sleeping pills. If it wasn’t for the housemaid who found out in time, she would have been dead.” 
Holding the phone to his ear, the news was a bolt out of the blue for him. 
He was surprised that Roxanne would do such a thing. 
And here I thought she is the happy-go-lucky type of girl that never really concerns herself with relationships. All she cared about were medicines and medical terms. So why would she commit suicide for such a thing? 
Sebastian could not wrap his head around it. 
However, he dropped his concern for Roxanne shortly later, as he had a far more severe matter to deal with. Without a doubt, Trevor’s betrayal would cause intensive damage to the company. 
“How’s the company holding up?”
“Dad is still trying to hide your situation. But the board of directors has spoken that they would not give in until you quit your position.” 
“Quit my position?” 
Sebastian snickered as though he had heard an amusing joke. 
“So their final goal was to make me quit?” 
“Yes, I’m afraid so.” 
“What then?” 
“They’ll choose a new president. And the one who has the most support right now is Robert…” Sabrina choked on her words. 
Robert? 
Sebastian felt even more amused upon hearing that name. 
Who does he think he is? How dare he try to take my place? 
Nonetheless, Sebastian knew that Robert was merely a puppet. He reckoned that the real culprit behind all these could only be the bastard child of the Hayes family—Solomon. 
A dark expression loomed over Sebastian’s face as he fell into deep thought. “I got it. Try to hang on for another two days. Sasha still has one operation left.” 
“More operation? How many has she done now? Is it not over yet?” 
“Not yet. It’s a critical period for her that concerns her eyes.”
Sebastian merely gave a brief explanation, but his tone sounded guarded as though he no longer wanted to talk about this. 
Sensing that, Sabrina had no choice but to comply as she hung up the phone. 
After witnessing for a period, Sabrina had become aware of her brother’s feelings toward Sasha. Indeed, a pair of eyes was far more important than all the temporary fuss in the company right now. 
With that, Sabrina walked out of the office rigidly. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian left the corridor after ending the call. 
The next moment, he got a huge shock. “Why are you here?” 
Never did he expect to see Sasha sitting in her wheelchair on the other end of the corridor. 
This silly girl. When did she come? Did she hear what I said on the phone? Did she find out anything? 
Sebastian’s chest heaved up and down as he tried to suppress his panic. When Sabrina called and informed about the problems of the company, he barely even raised his brow. Yet now, his hands started sweating out of nervousness. 
“I came out for some fresh air. Dr. Moore, what are you doing here? Where is this place?” 
Her tone was meek, and it seemed like she had not noticed anything. 
Only then did Sebastian let out a long sigh of relief. 
“We’re near the elevator. Why did you come out here alone? Where’s the nurse?” He walked over to her slowly and grabbed the handle of her wheelchair. 
So I’ve come this far.
Upon hearing her exact location, Sasha’s face turned somewhat startled. 
“I didn’t expect that I’ve come all the way here. I thought I was still near my ward. Anna is a little occupied right now. Dr. Moore, could you push me back?” 
“Sure.” 
Sebastian nodded and slowly pushed her back to her ward. 
###Chapter 447
Chapter 447
Sebastian intended to leave right after sending Sasha back to her ward. 
But as he was stepping out, Sasha suddenly called out to him. “Dr. Moore, could you pour me a glass of water? I’m a little thirsty.” 
Hesitating for a while, he eventually complied and walked over to the water machine. 
During this period, Sebastian had been trying his best to keep his distance from her. Even though she had lost her sight, she was still a smart woman. He feared that she would find out the truth through some unattended details. 
That was why he usually showed up when she was asleep. 
Taking a glass of water, Sebastian did not pass it right to her but placed it on the small desk beside her instead. 
“The water’s by your side. Take your time.” 
“Okay. Thanks, Dr. Moore.” 
Sasha thanked him genuinely and grabbed the glass of water. 
With that, Sebastian left. 
Ten minutes later, Anna entered the ward. As she was changing the needle for Sasha, the latter questioned casually, “Anna, where’s Dr. Moore from?” 
“Lightspring. Why?”
Anna was fully focused on her job and she did not give much thought as she answered Sasha’s question. 
Lightspring? But we’re not in Moranta. Why would a doctor from Lightspring come over here? How come a top city like that is not able to attract Dr. Moore? 
Sasha fell into a deep thought. 
However, she could not put much effort into thinking, as an operation was awaiting her that night. 
“Ms. Wand, I’m giving you the shot that’ll soften your blood vessel now. Hang on for a bit.” 
“Okay…” 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat upon hearing that. 
It was indeed a terrifying shot as it was the kind that was given to a woman who gave birth to a child by cesarean section. After taking the injection, one would feel needle-like pain as the vessels started to soften and expand. 
Feeling the cold needle being injected into her arm, Sasha closed her eyes slowly. 
Tonight is destined to be a difficult night. 
At that instant, cold sweat began appearing on her forehead. 
Around two hours later, her consciousness started to fade. 
“It hurts…” 
No one responded to her, but a pair of gentle hands carried her and adjusted her position. A moment later, that hand started rubbing her painful area gently.
“Is that better?” 
The hoarse voice sounded somewhat familiar. 
With a forehead that was beaded with cold sweat, all the color drained from her face as the pain hit her. 
Nonetheless, she did feel some relief from her pain. “Yes, it’s better now.” 
She leaned her face against the man’s chest. There was nothing in her mind other than missing that familiar body scent. All she wanted to do at that moment was to hug that man. 
Eventually, Sasha managed to collect herself. 
She was unsure if it was the rubbing that had soothed her pain, or if she had gotten numb to it. 
As she was being wheeled into the operating theater the following day, her mood was utterly peaceful. 
Sebastian was standing from afar, witnessing the whole process. As the door of the operating theater closed, he started being on tenterhooks once again. 
But this time, his attention on the operation was short lifted, as Sabrina called again. 
“I can’t hold on any longer. Trevor has exposed all of your medical histories. Now the whole Hayes Corporation is in chaos. If you don’t come back, I’m afraid they’ll not only re-elect a new president, but your whole life would also be over.” 
Sabrina sounded like she was on the verge of tears on the other line. 
There was a sign of terror that had never appeared in her voice before. She would be on the brink of collapse if Sebastian was still reluctant to go back. 
After all, no ordinary human could take on such massive escalation.
Hanging up the call, Sebastian kicked the chair in front of him in exasperation. 
He must have a death wish! 
Eventually, Sebastian left the hospital. 
Three hours later, Sasha was wheeled out of the operating theater. 
“Ms. Wand, you’re awake?” 
Anna, who was waiting for her outside, was somewhat shocked to see her awake. 
Sasha couldn’t be bothered to reply to her. The first thing she did after regaining her sight was to scan around the corridor. 
“Where is he?” 
“Who?” 
“My husband…” 
Back in Avenport, when Sebastian went back to his company, the situation had gotten worse than he expected. 
As Trevor had exposed all of Sebastian’s medical history, all the staff’s expressions turned awkward and frightened when they saw the latter. 
Why? Are they afraid that I’m crazy? 
Nonetheless, Sebastian did not seem to be bothered at all. 
He simply stepped into the elevator and headed toward the top floor.
A few minutes later, as he opened the door to his office, what welcomed him was a messy office table with a man sitting in his seat. 
Not far from him, a petite woman was engaged in an intensive discussion with a group of older men. 
What an interesting scene. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re finally back…” 
Luke, who had been tortured to his limit, burst into tears the moment he saw Sebastian. 
###Chapter 448
Chapter 448
Sabrina turned her head around as well. 
The moment she saw her brother, her eyes began brimming with tears. It was the first time Sebastian had ever seen her like this. 
Sebastian stepped in without any trace of anger. He glanced at all the messy documents that were strewn across the floor before shifting his gaze toward the group of people. 
“Why? Did you guys watch too much drama or something? Are you trying to re-enact a usurping scene?” 
Upon hearing that, all the shareholders froze on their spot as a chill ran down their spines. 
As usual, they were intimidated by Sebastian, as his aura was way too oppressive. 
Robert, who was sitting in Sebastian’s seat, was the only one who was not intimidated by Sebastian. He growled, “What nonsense are you spouting, Sebastian? Can’t you see that we’re in the middle of choosing a better leader for Hayes Corporation!” 
“Really?” Sebastian shifted his gaze upon Robert. “By a better leader… do you mean you?” 
His tone sounded utterly daunting. 
Upon hearing that, Robert was rendered speechless while his face paled in shock. 
Fortunately for him, one of the shareholders noticed his timid reaction and immediately stood up for him. “That’s right. What’s wrong with Robert? At least he’s a normal person. 
Instantly, the temperature in the office seemed to have dropped below freezing point.
Sebastian narrowed his eyes and stared at those shareholders, his eyes filled with fury. 
“Normal person? Are you saying that I’m not normal?” 
No one dared to utter a response to him. 
“Fine! As you wish, then!” 
A second later, he pulled out a pistol from his pocket and pointed it right at Robert. 
Everyone at the scene was stunned, including Robert. 
However, it was too late for him to regret all this. Before he could react, a bullet pierced through his body. 
Bang! 
Fresh blood splashed out instantly. 
Sitting in the seat he had dreamt of; it took a long while before Robert realized what had happened. 
A moment later, he collapsed to the ground. 
Ear-splitting screams rang out from the office. “Murder!” 
All the shareholders ran out of the office, hugging their heads with both hands. 
The president of Hayes Corporation had shot someone publicly in his office. If news of this got out, it would cause an uproar in the whole country. 
The next moment, Sabrina regained her senses and rushed toward her brother. “Sebastian, are you out of your mind? Why did you shoot him? Are you trying to prove to them that you’re really crazy?” 
Sebastian shrugged his shoulder indifferently. “But I am crazy, ain’t I?”
“You…” 
Beyond exasperated, Sabrina almost gave him a slap in his face. 
Fortunately, Luke was still in the room, and he noticed that Robert was panting weakly. He shouted uncontrollably in delight. 
“He’s alive! Ms. Sabrina, Robert’s not dead!” 
“What?” 
Sabrina ran over to check on Robert. 
Ten minutes later, a half-dead Robert was carried away to the hospital, leaving behind the messy office and the blood-stained chair. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you alright?” 
Karl’s heart skipped a beat when he entered the office and witnessed the chaotic scene. Without hesitation, he instructed some staff to remove the chair that was covered in blood. 
He knew that Sebastian detested the smell of the blood. He would get disgusted by it, and it would trigger his killing instinct. 
But when Karl saw the latter wiping his hands slowly with a cloth, he let out a sigh of relief. 
Sebastian seemed calmer than he expected. 
“I’m fine. How’s Trevor?” 
“The police had gone to investigate the Rocke family. If everything goes as planned, the news about Trevor spreading patient privacy for profit will be published in two hours, and he will face the charges by
the court.” 
Karl briefed the latest development with a smile of satisfaction. 
Back when Sasha first entered the Rocke family, Karl had noticed that Trevor was not a good person. 
However, never did he expect that the latter would dare to play with fire. 
He has clearly overestimated his own ability. 
Sebastian was satisfied with the news as well. 
“Alright, that’s all for now. As for those bunch of shareholders, ask every one of them to sign the share transfer agreement. Tell them if they refuse to sign it, they won’t be able to get a single penny.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
Without wasting any time, Karl stepped out of the office with a pile of agreements in his hand. 
With that, the mutiny scheme of Hayes Corporation was ended by Sebastian’s brutality. 
In less than two hours, the news reached Solomon, who was in Prime Cloud Corporation. He stomped his feet in anger upon knowing that. 
“What a bunch of trash! How did so many of you fail to handle one man?” 
“Mr. George… he’s just too ruthless. No one could have predicted his move. Usually, a normal person would fear to admit his mental illness. However, not only was he not afraid to admit it, but he even fired a gun at Robert.” 
###Chapter 449
Chapter 449
The assistant gritted his teeth as he spat out his last sentence. 
They were all fully aware of Sebastian’s intelligence. That was why they had been planning such a complex scheme to get rid of him. 
But little did they expect that Sebastian would cross all moral lines to fight back. 
The guy did not hesitate at all to take away another man’s life. 
They definitely did not see that coming. 
“That being said, you don’t have to worry, Mr. George. Even though our plan failed this time, we still have our final trump card. It’s just a matter of time before he gives up his position.” 
The assistant’s lips curled into a smile. 
Solomon did not utter a word as he, too, displayed an evil smile. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian reached home extremely late that day. 
He had to make sure there was no loose end after getting back all the shares from those disloyal shareholders. The last thing he wanted was to hear another bad news from Sabrina after he went back to Lightspring. 
In the middle of the night, Sebastian trudged back to Royal Court One, feeling beyond exhausted. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re back?”
Just when Sebastian was puzzled at the sight of how the lights in the living room were still on, a voice rang out. 
Staring at Wendy, Sebastian questioned, “Why? Are they still awake?” 
He thought the kids were waiting for him. 
But to his confusion, Wendy shook her head. “No, it’s not them. Mr. Hayes Sr. is waiting for you inside.” 
What? 
Froze on his spot, Sebastian shifted his gaze toward the living room. Only then did he notice his elderly father sitting beneath the chandeliers. 
This old man. What’s he doing here at this late hour? 
“Dad, what are you doing here? It’s so late already, why aren’t you asleep yet? If you want to ask about the company, I’ll tell you tomorrow. I’m tired.” 
Sebastian was somewhat irritated and intended to head upstairs. 
Seeing that, Frederick rose from the couch. “Hold on a second. Come here. There’s something I need to tell you.” 
Sebastian was rendered speechless. In the end, he suppressed his frustration and stepped toward Frederick. 
“Sebastian, how’s Sasha?” 
“She has completed her last operation today, and I heard she has regained her sight. Why? Do you want her back here? Unfortunately, it won’t be that soon.”
Sebastian was annoyed by Frederick’s question. 
Looking at Sebastian’s expression, Frederick let out a laugh. “Well, that’s fine. If that’s the case, Sebastian, you should bring the kids to Lightspring.” 
“What did you say?” 
Sebastian could not believe his ears. “Are you asking me to take them to Lightspring?” 
“Yes. Haven’t you been dreaming of living a peaceful family life? Since Sasha is fine now, you should bring the kids with you. This way, the whole family could be reunited.” 
Frederick uttered his last sentence before wandering away from the couch with his walking stick. 
Sebastian narrowed his gaze. 
He thought that Frederick’s suggestion sounded too good to be true. 
Why would he suggest such a thing? Does he not need me here anymore? 
A dark expression loomed over Sebastian’s face. “What do you mean? Are you chasing me out?” 
“No. I just feel that you should pursue the life you want.” 
The life I want? 
Sebastian’s lips curled into a cold smile. “What do you mean by the life I want? How would you know what kind of life I want when you never ask me?” 
“Of course I know. Back when I demanded you to take over the company, I knew you didn’t want to. You only took it because I forced you to. So now I’m letting you go. Isn’t that what you want?” 
Frederick gazed at Sebastian calmly, his gaze was unyielding and filled with determination.
Sebastian fell silent. 
Being the intelligent man that he was, he would not believe Frederick’s words so easily. 
Why did he say that I didn’t want to take over the company? If that’s true, I would have voiced it out long ago. 
After pondering for a while, Sebastian opened his mouth. “Do you think that I don’t deserve this position anymore?” 
Frederick stared outside the window for a moment before turning to him with a stern expression. 
“I just feel that you should not be in this position.” 
“Why?” 
“You shot someone today.” 
“So?” 
“A man who has self-control won’t ever do such a thing. Maybe it was my fault for forcing you into this position. I should have let you live the life you want. Maybe then, you would be able to recover better.” 
Sebastian found it hard to believe that Frederick actually said this to him. 
Lowering his head, he tried to digest what he had just heard. 
He never talks like this to me before. 
However, no matter how hard he tried to collect himself, the words “control” and “recover” triggered his rage.
Unable to suppress his emotions, Sebastian bellowed, “What did you say to me? I dare you to repeat it!” 
“Mr. Hayes, what are you doing? Please, calm down.” 
“Mr. Hayes…” 
At that moment, more and more people ran into the room and tried to stop Sebastian from clenching Frederick’s throat. 
Just then, his kids ran in too. “Daddy, don’t! Daddy!” 
Sebastian had completely lost his mind. 
###Chapter 450
Chapter 450
Sebastian had been emotionless even when he was facing the chaotic happenings in his company. Yet, he had completely lost his sense of self upon hearing his father’s word. 
But that was no surprise. After all, no child could accept being called crazy by their own parents. 
Not even someone as strong as Sebastian. 
It was three days later when Sasha heard about what happened to Sebastian. 
In these three days, she had almost fully recovered her sight. And after much effort, her legs were finally able to move slightly. 
She never expected that Hayes Corporation had gone through such a dramatic change in that three days. 
The president, Sebastian, had resigned his position. 
Shortly after that, the press revealed that Frederick had an illegitimate child. And that child was the one who took over as Hayes Corporation’s president. 
Sebastian resigned? 
Sasha was in complete disbelief. 
Without hesitation, she requested Anna to book a flight back home for her. 
Anna stared at her without a word.
“Don’t look at me like that. I know you’re not a nurse and you’re hired by him to look after me. Please book the flight for me now. I’ve got to get back.” 
Upon hearing that, Anna was stunned momentarily. 
After a while, she went out to book the flight for Sasha. 
She’s a clever woman alright. And here I thought Mr. Hayes was overreacting whenever he was acting cautiously to hide his identity. It looks like I was the one who underestimated her intelligence. 
Before long, Anna was done booking the flight. 
“You don’t need to tag along. I’ve contacted someone to pick me up after I arrived.” 
Sasha rejected Anna abruptly and left for the airport. 
After more than ten hours, she arrived at Avenport in the middle of the night. 
“Didn’t I ask you not to come? You haven’t recovered fully. So what’s the hurry?” 
Sabrina was waiting for her in the lobby with a wheelchair. 
Supported by the former, Sasha let out a faint smile before sitting down in the wheelchair. 
Yes, I haven’t recovered. But there’s no way I would be able to sit idly by and do nothing. 
As soon as they entered the car, Sasha asked, “What’s happening? Why did Sebastian suddenly quit the company?” 
“Honestly, I have no idea. All I know is that after he argued with Dad at Royal Court One, he announced that he’s resigning the next day. Until now, he has not come out from Frontier Bay, and no one is allowed to go into Royal Court One.”
Sabrina sounded utterly enraged. 
She had no idea what happened in there. When Frederick got home that day, she realized her father’s face was ashen, and he seemed hurt around his neck. 
Yet, the bodyguards said that the father-son pair merely had an argument. 
Later, when she approached Frederick to try to understand the situation, Frederick refused to touch about it. 
The following morning, when she reached the company, Sebastian had announced through a video recording informing all senior executives of the company that he had decided to resign his position as president. 
“At first, I thought he was just trying to piss Dad off, for it’s not the first time he has done something like this. But later, I was shocked to see that bastard, Solomon, coming to Hayes Residence. Frederick even brought him to the company. That’s when I know it’s true.” 
Upon saying that, Sabrina uncontrollably slammed the steering wheel in fury. 
Beep… 
The loud horn startled quite a few vehicles on the highway. 
Sasha frowned and clenched her fists. 
She knew that things were not as simple as they seemed. 
She asked Sabrina to speed up as their car whizzed toward the city’s center. 
By the time they arrived at Frontier Bay, most villas were in complete darkness, leaving only a few streetlamps with meek lights.
“Bring over my wheelchair fast.” 
Sasha spoke impatiently, unwilling to waste even a second. 
Surprisingly, Sabrina was not offended at all, and she did as told obediently. 
Soon, the two of them headed toward the first villa. 
“Ms. Sabrina, why are you here? No one is allowed to go inside.” 
As expected, just like two days ago, the guard of Royal Court One emerged and blocked their path. 
Upon hearing that, Sabrina’s temper flared. 
“Are you blind? How dare you try to stop me! I’ll kill you if you keep blocking my way!” 
The guard fell silent at that. 
Seeing how the fuss was starting to attract the attention of the other guards, Sasha immediately tried to defuse the situation. 
“That’s enough. Stop arguing. Is Wendy in there? If she is, could you please tell her that Sasha Wand is back? Ask her to come out and meet me.” 
“Ms. Wand?” 
The moment the guard heard her name, his expression changed completely. 
A second later, he rushed into the villa. 
After a few minutes, someone emerged from the dimly lit door of the villa. “Madam, you’re finally back…” 
Her joyous voice was interlaced with the sound of weeping.
###Chapter 451
Chapter 451
Tears welled up in Sasha’s eyes. 
When Sasha saw Wendy rushing toward her excitedly from the main door, she called out in tears, “Wendy, I’m back.” 
“Oh, Madam, I know you’ll be all right. It’s wonderful. You’re finally back.” Wendy looked at Sasha and couldn’t stop tears from rolling down her cheeks. 
After exchanging pleasantries, Sasha and Sabrina finally entered the house. 
However, they soon heard that Sebastian was not around. 
“Mr. Sebastian almost hurt Mr. Frederick when his condition relapsed. After he recovered the next day, he left without informing anyone where he went. However, he calls every day to ask about the children,” Wendy said. 
“What did you say? His condition relapsed?” Sasha’s face went pale. 
As she had guessed, something severe happened. 
Why did his condition relapse suddenly? Didn’t he say that his condition has become stable? 
Furthermore, my “death” previously gave him a severe blow and prompted him to better control himself. 
Then, why did he relapse? 
Sasha was in shock and asked Wendy, “What is going on? What made his condition relapse suddenly? What happened at that time?”
Wendy hesitated for a moment and said, “Mr. Sebastian… he fought with Mr. Hayes Sr. when the latter said that he can no longer manage the company because he… he can’t control himself.” 
“What did you say? Can you repeat?” Sasha could not believe what she heard. 
Did I hear wrongly? Sebastian’s father says that he can’t control himself? 
Is he insane? 
Is he trying to kill Sebastian? 
However, that was indeed the truth. Wendy repeated to Sasha what she said just now. 
Frederick resorted to such cruel means to make Sebastian give up the management rights of the company. 
“When Mr. Sebastian heard what Mr. Hayes Sr. said, he went mad, but Mr. Hayes Sr. refused to stop. He continued to question Mr. Sebastian and said that if Mr. Sebastian could control himself, he would never have fired a shot at you…” Wendy said. 
“That’s bullsh*t!” Sasha roared. 
She was shaking all over and rage burned in her heart. Suddenly, she had the impulse to rush to the Hayes residence and slap Frederick. 
Does he understand what he had said to his son? 
Does he knows how much his words hurt Sebastian? He could have destroyed him. 
Sasha’s expression distorted from fury, and she turned around to leave. 
“Where are you going?” Sabrina quickly stopped her.
“Where am I going? I’m going to your house to find that heartless father of yours. I want to ask whether he has abandoned his flawed son now that his illegitimate son appeared? Is he trying to kill him?” Sasha shouted, and tears streamed down from her bloodshot eyes. 
Sabrina was stunned. 
She found the truth hard to accept. However, she believed that the most pressing matter was not to confront Frederick but to look for Sebastian. 
They had to make sure that Sebastian was safe. 
Sabrina advised Sasha, “You should calm down. Frederick won’t run away, and you can confront him some other time. However, Sebastian has been missing for a few days now.” 
Sasha did not know what to say. 
Then, Sabrina continued, “Sebastian is emotionally unstable. Aren’t you worried about what will happen to him now that he’s alone out there?” 
In the end, Sasha decided to search for Sebastian. 
However, she did not have to search hard. She contacted Karl straightaway and asked him to tell her where Sebastian went. 
Karl was rendered speechless. 
He hesitated for a moment, but knowing that he was facing an intelligent woman, he stopped resisting and told Sasha where Sebastian went. “He’s in the small mountain village that you went to for preschool activity last time.” 
“What? That small mountain village?” Sasha was stunned.
Why does he go to that small mountain village? I thought he dislikes that preschool activity. 
Sasha couldn’t understand what Sebastian was thinking. 
However, now that she knew where he went, she decided to go there immediately. Furthermore, she planned to bring her children with her to help him recover from his mental condition sooner. 
“Mommy, are we going on a vacation together?” 
Vivian was elated to hear that Sasha would be bringing her and her brothers to look for their father in the small mountain village they went to for a preschool activity. 
She instantly thought that it was a vacation. 
Isn’t it like a vacation anyway? 
Ever since our family reunited, we have not been on vacation together. 
Thus, Vivian is not wrong to think that it is a vacation. 
Sasha suddenly found herself in a good mood too. “Yes, we’ll be going on a vacation there. Do you like the village?” 
“Yes. There are many chicks and ducklings in the village. They are also beautiful flowers and tasty food. Mommy, can we stay there for a few more days?” Vivian said. 
“Yes, of course,” Sasha said. 
“Whoa! I’ll tell Ian and Matt.” Vivian clapped happily and went to look for her brothers. 
###Chapter 452
Chapter 452
Vivian went to inform her brothers in their room. As expected, they were excited and began to pack for the trip. They wanted to bring everything. 
Sabrina was speechless as she saw what was going on in her nephews’ room. 
“Silly children. What is there to be happy? Don’t you know that your mother’s going there to save your father?” Sabrina was such a spoilsport. It was no wonder that she did not have many friends. 
Sasha did not say anything when she heard Sabrina’s comment. She pulled Vivian’s luggage down the corridor and pushed it to her. “You should send us there.” 
“Why me? Sasha, you’re becoming arrogant. How can you order me around like a housemaid?” Sabrina complained unhappily. 
Sasha looked at her calmly and said, “I can’t drive there myself in my current condition. Also, when did I ever treat you as a housemaid? You’re my children’s aunt and the only person we can rely on, so I can only ask you for help.” 
Sabrina was left without retort. 
I’m the only person they can rely on? 
Fine, I’ve no choice but to agree then. 
With that thought, Sabrina pulled the luggage with her and went out.
A few minutes later, Sasha left for the village with her three children. Before leaving, Wendy reminded her again, “Madam, you have to bring Mr. Sebastian back safely. I’m counting on you.” 
“I know. Don’t worry. I’ll bring Sebastian back,” Sasha answered Wendy confidently. She was trying to reassure herself too. 
Yes, I’ll bring him back safe and sound. 
He has been lying to me for too long. I want to settle the scores with him. 
They left Frontier Bay in a car that night. 
It was late at night in Floral Village, a small mountain village in the countryside. 
The surroundings were pitch black and devoid of any movement or lamps. It was as if the whole village fell into a deep sleep and was so quiet that one could hear the occasional sounds of frogs croaking. 
Greg Hudson’s house was at the edge of the village. 
Sasha and her children had stayed in this house previously during the preschool event. 
At this moment, a man was sleeping on the upper floor of the house. 
He kept tossing and turning on the bed. One could vaguely hear his groaning downstairs. 
“Hubby, is that man having a headache again? Should we go and check on him?” Greg’s wife, Martha Hudson, had sharp ears. She woke Greg up upon hearing sounds of groaning and wanted Greg to check the man with her. 
Greg opened his eyes. 
It seems like the man is in pain again.
Both of them got out of their bed quickly. Then, Martha went to get some aspirin. 
Knock, knock, knock… 
“Mr. Hayes, are you having a headache again? I brought some aspirin for you,” Martha called out and knocked on the door. She wanted to give him some aspirin. 
Although the couple did not have much and had always lived simple lives, they were willing to do their best to help this man who came to their house. 
After knocking on the door for a moment, Martha finally heard unsteady footsteps. 
Creak… 
When the door finally opened, a wave of cigarette smoke came out of the room, causing Martha to sneeze a few times. 
“My goodness, young man. Why are you smoking again? Do you have a headache again? You need to take care of your health,” Martha said. 
“Young man, you shouldn’t neglect your health.” Greg smelled the smoke too, so he advised the haggard man at the door. 
The man seemed unwell. 
He was handsome when he first arrived. Now, after a few days, he appeared unshaven and had bloodshot eyes. Furthermore, he looked pale and was now a frightening sight. 
Greg was concerned and asked, “Young man, do you need a doctor? I’ll call him now and ask him to come here.”
“There’s no need…” Sebastian had finally spoken. He had a severe headache and wished that the Hudsons would leave him alone. 
However, the Hudsons grew more concerned upon seeing Sebastian. 
“Wifey, you should cook some potato and leek soup for him,” said Greg. 
“Oh, yes,” said Martha. 
“I’ll look for Mason Hooper and ask him to come to see you,” Greg said. 
Then, the Hudsons left the room. 
Martha went to cook for Sebastian, while Greg left to bring that a doctor to see Sebastian. 
Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
However, he felt a wave of severe pain in his head and did not have the energy to deal with them. Therefore, he staggered back to his bed and lay down. 
Ever since that day, his headache returned. 
Sebastian lay on the bed in a daze and wondered if his mind became muddled from the pain. He wondered if it was exhaustion that made him hallucinate figures coming into his room. 
“Madam, that’s him. Is he your husband?” 
“Yes.” Her urgent voice made him feel a familiar warmth. Her voice was soothing like a cool breeze, reaching his eardrums and sending tremors down his spine. 
###Chapter 453
Chapter 453
Am I dreaming? 
Why do I hear her voice? She should be recuperating in Lightspring. How is it possible that I hear her voice? 
Sebastian believed that he was hallucinating from the pain. 
A few small figures walked into the room after he heard the voice. 
“It’s Daddy. He really is here. What happened to him? Daddy, what happened to you? Are you sick?” asked Vivian. 
“Vivian, don’t touch Daddy. Let me have a look…” Sasha said. 
The children were worried when they saw him. They surrounded him and chattered in their sweet childish voices but were careful not to touch him. 
Instead, they waited for Sasha to treat him. 
It was a wonderful dream. 
Sebastian looked at the blurry figures before him, and a smile appeared on his pale expression. 
Sasha was surprised by his smile. 
“Little Ian, can you take Matteo and Vivian downstairs? I need to check on your father,” Sasha said gently and turned to look at her children, who were waiting adorably with their heads resting on their hands.
Ian nodded and said, “Yes, Mommy.” 
Then, he led his siblings out of the room. 
After the children left, the room fell silent. Sasha sat by the bed and looked at Sebastian curled up beneath the dim light. 
She had not seen him for a long time. 
Since seeing him off at the Empire State Tower, she never saw him again. 
Although she knew he came to see her after that, she couldn’t see him because she was blind at the time. Furthermore, she could not understand why he made his voice rough. 
She could not see him at all then and was desperate to see him. 
Sasha slowly reached for his hands that were holding his head tightly. 
“Go away!” As Sebastian was tormented by pain, he would turn violent the moment someone touched him and slap the person’s hand away. 
However, the hand proceeded to press onto his hand firmly. 
Then, he felt a needle piercing him. 
Instantly, a tingling sensation spread all over him. Compared to the splitting headache, it felt much better. 
“Miss, is it all right for you to do that to him?” Coincidentally, Greg had brought the doctor here. The doctor asked with concern when he saw what Sasha was doing. 
Sasha nodded and said, “Yes, he has high blood pressure from insufficient rest and emotional instability. I injected him with medication to help him calm down.”
“Oh, so that’s the reason.” Mason heaved a sigh of relief when he heard her. 
A few minutes later, Sebastian fell into a peaceful sleep and dreamt for the first time since he came to this house. 
Sasha saw that he had fallen asleep and asked Greg and Martha for a basin of hot water. Then, she gave him a sponge bath. 
Once she was done, she went downstairs. 
“Mommy, how’s Daddy? Is he all right?” the children immediately asked her with concern the moment she reached downstairs. 
Sasha consoled them and said, “Don’t worry. Daddy was tired, so I let him sleep. We should go to bed too so that we can give him a surprise tomorrow morning, okay?” 
“Yes!” 
The children answered in unison. 
Then, they pulled their luggage and went to the room prepared by Martha. 
They were all good children. 
Sasha watched them leave and glanced upstairs again. Now, she felt a sense of peace that had been absent before this. 
The next morning, Sasha woke up to the noises of geese and dogs at the break of dawn. 
Honk, honk! 
Woof, woof, woof…
It sounded like a disorganized symphony. As the sky brightened, the village began to awaken and grew noisy. 
Sasha got up from the bed. 
“Huh? Madam, you’re up? Did the noises wake you up?” 
Sasha’s room was a food pantry, so Martha, who was tending to the stove, noticed Sasha the moment she got up. 
Sasha shook her head and said, “No, you didn’t. It’s time for me to wake up anyway.” 
Then, she held onto the bed frame to support herself up. 
When Martha saw what she was doing, she rushed to help her up, but Sasha refused. “It’s fine. I need to train my strength to recover faster. Are you making breakfast? Do you need help?” 
‘It’s all right. I can’t trouble you with such a simple matter. However, your husband seems unused to our food. He barely ate anything these few days.” 
Sasha was stunned upon hearing that. 
That’s right, I forgot about it. Sebastian is very picky about his food. When he is at home, he won’t touch any food he dislikes. 
Furthermore, he grew up with a lavish lifestyle. How can he get used to countryside food? 
###Chapter 454
Chapter 454
Sasha was a little angry because she realized that Sebastian exiled himself here despite knowing that this place was unsuitable for him. 
Is he trying to torment himself? 
Sasha went to the kitchen and thought about how to make breakfast for Sebastian and their three children. 
Luckily, although the village did not have as much variety of food as the city, their ingredients were all fresh. Sasha put her heart into her cooking and made a delicious breakfast. 
“Whoa, Mommy, what is this round thing? Is it pizza?” said one of her children. 
“Yes, I made it using flour and baked it in the oven. I put a lot of your favorite cheese and bacon on it, together with tomato sauce. It’s delicious.” Sasha introduced what she made to the children. 
The cheese was the product of the fermentation of milk. So, Sasha used the fresh milk from the farm and made milk curd. 
As for bacon, the farm had plenty of smoked meat. 
The tomato sauce was the easiest to make. Since it was the harvest season, Sasha asked Martha to pluck a few tomatoes from the vegetable garden. 
The food could not get any fresher than that. 
When the children heard what she said, they began salivating.
Soon, they each grabbed a homemade pizza and ate them heartily with delicious mushroom soup. 
Sasha also made a Victoria sandwich cake. She used fresh berries to make jam for the filling and topped the cake with nuts and blueberries. 
When she served the cake, Greg and Martha were both stunned. “Madam, you’re such a good cook. You made all this delicious food with simple ingredients.” 
“It’s quite easy to make. I can teach you how to cook them too.” Sasha smiled humbly and piped fresh cream on the cake. 
In actuality, she worked hard to learn to cook. 
When she was in Clear five years ago, she worked on her cooking skills for the sake of her two children. 
Now that Sasha had made breakfast, she went upstairs to get Sebastian. 
She felt a little nervous as she stood before the stairs. After all, when they met last night, Sebastian was in a daze. He did not know that she was real. 
She took a deep breath, grabbed the handrail, and climbed upstairs slowly. 
Creak… 
As she pushed the door open, sunlight shone into the room from behind her, and she saw that the room was simple. 
The floor consisted of wooden planks. There was an old wooden table with a scarred bench and a bed in a corner. These were the only pieces of furniture in the room. 
It was a sorry sight.
Why does he choose to come here? How long is he planning to stay? 
Sasha felt sad for him and walked in with the support of the door frame. She looked at the mosquito net covering the bed and said, “Sebastian, are you awake? It’s time for breakfast.” 
She did not walk to the bed, as it was difficult for her to walk. 
Despite her calling his name a few times, the figure under the net did not move at all. 
Is he still asleep? 
Sasha remembered that she injected him with medication, so she decided to go near and check. 
With some difficulty, she moved to the bed and pulled open the net. There was no one in there. 
Where is he? 
Sasha panicked and looked out of the room. 
“Sebastian? Sebastian!” she shouted his name and stumbled out of the room. 
He was nowhere to be found. 
There were many people downstairs, and no one noticed him coming down. How did he suddenly disappear? 
Where has he gone? 
When did he wake up? Why has he decided to leave? 
Is it because he doesn’t want to see me?
Why doesn’t he want to see me? When we were in Lightspring, didn’t he disguise his voice so that he could stay by my side? Why is he now unwilling to see me? 
Sasha’s face went completely pale. 
Her mind went into a full-blown panic. She could not calm down at all. 
At this moment, she suddenly saw a black car traveling on the arched bridge in the distance, heading toward the main road. 
Isn’t that a Bently? 
Sasha felt blood rush to her head. She grabbed the handrail and stumbled down the stairs, desperate to chase after that car. 
However, she tripped. 
Bang! 
A loud crashing noise sounded. 
Sasha fell down the stairs and crashed into a grass bush. She could not move for a long time. 
That son of a b*tch! 
Luckily, the stairs were outside the house, so no one heard that she fell, especially her children. 
Sasha closed her eyes and lay in the grass bush. 
She tried to gather strength to get up and chase him. 
At this moment, she heard a series of urgent footsteps coming toward her. He was panting as he rushed to her, and his face went pale when he saw her lying unmovingly on the grass.
###Chapter 455
Chapter 455
“Are you okay, Sasha?” 
Sasha was so angry that she nearly opened her eyes. 
This b*stard! This f*cking b*stard! I’m surprised he had it in him to come back! Honestly, I thought he wouldn’t come back even if I really did fall to my death! 
Wanting to punish him, Sasha decided to keep her eyes shut. 
However, that plan of hers backfired as he thought she was dying when he saw her trembling uncontrollably, and his mind went blank. 
Unable to contain her emotions any longer, Sasha opened her eyes and shouted at the top of her lungs, “You b*stard! Why are you always treating me like this? Did I wrong you in the past life or what?” 
Damn it! He bullied me, so why am I the one who has to open my eyes and comfort him? 
Sasha thought to herself and cried her heart out as she lay in the bush. 
The sound of her crying seemed to have snapped Sebastian back to reality, bringing life back to his dull eyes and his heart that had been consumed by fear. 
Sasha thought he wasn’t afraid of losing her, but what he truly felt was the exact opposite. 
Sebastian had watched her “die” twice before his eyes, and he simply couldn’t bear to witness something like that ever again. 
Still pale and trembling from the shock, Sebastian slowly knelt down beside her.
He then reached out and carried her in his arms as he said, “I’m sorry. It’s all my fault.” 
“Yes, it’s all your fault! You b*stard! You’re always bullying me! Why are you running from me when I came all the way here to look for you, huh?” 
Yes, why did I run away from her? Maybe it’s because of what Dad said when we had a fight the other day. He said I wouldn’t have hurt her if I could control myself, and that left a thorn in my heart that I could never remove. He’s right. I lost control over myself and shot at her… His words reminded me of how I killed Mom when I was young, and that the same could happen to Sasha now. Hearing that made me wonder if there is even a single thing in this world that I have control over. I realized the possibility that there might be no cure for my condition, and that I’m doomed to be a freak for the rest of my life. That’s why I’ve been running ever since. I ran away from the office, the kids, and even Sasha… I was afraid that I would lose control again and end up killing them all! 
Unable to answer her question at all, Sebastian simply hugged her tightly in response. 
Sasha slowly stopped crying when she felt him tightening his grip on her. She then looked up at him with teary eyes and asked, “You were by my side the whole time when we were in Lightspring, right?” 
Her sudden question caught him off guard, and Sebastian looked away awkwardly as he said, “Why do you ask?” 
“You insisted on staying by my side at the time, even at the risk of losing your voice. So why are you running from me when I dragged my sick self all the way here just to see you? Are you ashamed to see me because you’ve lost your position as the president of Hayes Corporation? Or is because I’m disabled and don’t have pretty eyes anymore? Is that why you don’t want to see me?” 
“No, that’s not it!” 
Sebastian was quick to deny it this time.
“Then why? After everything that we’ve been through, what’s scaring you so much that you’d choose to run instead of facing it with me?” Sasha pressed on and shot him a scorching gaze. 
Sebastian was stunned as he felt a warm sensation in his icy-cold heart. 
“Aren’t you afraid of me?” he asked after a brief pause. 
“Huh? Why would I be afraid of you?” Sasha asked in confusion. 
Sebastian pointed at her shoulder and said, “I once shot you…right here…” 
His lips were pale, and his voice was trembling a little when he said that. 
Sasha looked at where he was pointing and realized what he meant. 
Oh, so that’s why… My goodness, he’s such an id*ot! 
“Are you stupid? You wouldn’t have shot me in the shoulder if you really wanted to kill me! Ask yourself this, why didn’t you shoot me here instead?” she asked while pointing at her heart, and that question hit Sebastian like a truck. 
###Chapter 456
Chapter 456
“Also, I’ve heard about the fight you had with your dad. You were able to control yourself in the end and didn’t hurt him, right? So why should I be afraid of you?” Sasha continued. 
Although she wasn’t skilled in psychology like those from the Rocke family, she was smart enough to target Sebastian’s weak spots effectively. That way, she could give him the guidance and reassurance that he needed. 
Sebastian stared at her with reddened eyes, and she could feel his heart pounding in his chest as he said, “Do you… you really mean that?” 
“Of course, I do! Why else would I have come this far for you otherwise? Heck, I even brought our thee children with us! You really think I’d place all four of our lives in your hands if I was afraid of you?” 
That last sentence really hit the spot, and Sebastian broke into a smile at last. 
With tears rolling down his cheeks, he closed his eyes and hugged her even tighter than before. 
“Mmph!” 
“What’s wrong?” 
“You’re hugging me too tight that it hurts… How long do you plan to hold me like this? Those kids are going to come looking for me if I don’t head back inside soon!” Sasha reminded him while clenching her teeth from the pain. 
Sebastian then quickly carried her out of the bush and brought her upstairs.
“Why are you carrying me upstairs? We should be having breakfast now!” Sasha asked with her eyes wide. Breakfast? That can wait! I need to check your body for any other injuries! 
Sebastian ignored her and continued walking into the room he had been sleeping in for the past few days. 
Oh, all right… If he’s that worried about me, I suppose I could just let him have his way… 
It wasn’t until he pounced on her after laying her down in his bed and smothered her with kisses that Sasha realized she had been deceived. 
“Mmph… What are you doing? The kids…are downstairs…” 
“Don’t worry, the boys can take care of things on their own.” 
Sasha lost whatever remaining ounce of strength she had left upon hearing that and stopped resisting any further. 
Sebastian then unleashed all his pent-up sexual energy on her and went at it until she completely submitted herself to him. 
Sensing the fear and tension inside her, Sebastian chose not to force himself inside her like he did before. Instead, he patiently caressed her and kissed her until she was ready before slowly going in. 
That was how one should make love to another. 
Sasha didn’t even remember how she passed out from that lovemaking session of theirs. 
All she knew was how much her body ached when she climbed out of bed later that day. 
Damn it, that b*stard!
“Hey, Mrs. Hudson! Who are those little angels in your house? They’re so cute and adorable!” 
“Oh, these triplets are that guy’s children!” 
“Whoa! Triplets?” 
The farmer speaking to Mrs. Hudson was shocked to hear that as it was rare enough to find triplets, let alone such adorable ones. 
Sasha tried to get off the bed when she heard that from upstairs, but her legs ached so much that she ended up falling to the floor instead. 
“Are you all right up there, miss? Do you need me to give you a hand?” 
Mrs. Hudson looked up the moment she heard the noise, but Sasha wasn’t about to let her come upstairs. 
I may have gotten dressed, but one look at the state I’m in right now is all it takes to figure out what happened! 
Sasha was about to refuse her assistance, but Mrs. Hudson had already come running up the stairs. 
She came into the room with a tub of hot water and said, “Here, you can get yourself cleaned up and come downstairs for lunch! Your man brought the kids out into the city earlier. Said he was going to buy some daily necessities or something.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha looked up at her in confusion.
He went shopping for daily necessities? Ah, I suppose that makes sense… It was fine for him to live off scraps when he was here by himself, but the five of us are together now, so he has to buy more to accommodate all of us… Wait, does he not plan on returning to Avenport yet? How long does he plan on staying here? 
Sasha felt her head ache when she recalled what Sabrina had told her. 
“Miss, did you and your man get into a fight or something?” 
Sasha was washing her face and paused when she heard that. “Huh? A fight?” 
###Chapter 457
Chapter 457
“Yeah. He kept himself locked up in his room and rarely ate anything when he first got here, so we were really worried about him. But then, all of that changed the moment you arrived today!” Mrs. Hudson explained with a chuckle. 
Sasha froze when she heard that. 
He did what? Oh, right, how could I forget? He came all the way here precisely because he wanted to run away from the world! I told him I wasn’t afraid of him and swore to myself that I wouldn’t rub salt into his wounds, so how could I let him return to that cruel, hostile world? 
“Yeah. We had a little fight, but we’re all good now.” 
“See? I knew it! Either way, I’m glad you two managed to work things out. He looks like a really great guy, and you have no idea how much he missed you during your absence!” Mrs. Hudson said what came to mind. 
If Sebastian really did lock himself in the room without eating nor drinking, how would she know that he’s missing me? 
Noticing the strange look that Sasha was giving her, Mrs. Hudson explained, “He once saw me giving my husband a back massage. After spacing out for a bit, he said his ex-wife had been really nice to him too. That’s you, isn’t it?” 
Sasha froze. 
Sebastian told them I was really nice to him? I’ve never heard him say that to me before… Wait, does that mean he acknowledges everything I’ve done for him in the past? I mean, I never gave him back massages, but I did write him letters for a good ten years! I’ve dedicated my all into loving him and protecting him since I was eighteen, so I guess I really have been very nice to him! 
Sasha had a sweet smile on her face throughout the rest of the morning. 
After lunch, she sat by the front door and waited for their return. It wasn’t long before a familiar-looking black Bentley began driving slowly toward her. 
The kids had spotted her from afar and stuck their heads out the car window, waving happily as they shouted, “We’re back, Mommy!” 
Sasha smiled back at them in response. 
“Yes, I see you! Come on, show Mommy what you bought!” 
It was still difficult for her to walk, but she was so happy to see them that she steadied herself with the doorframe and limped out of the house anyway. 
The car gradually came to a halt on the lawn outside the house, and Sebastian quickly ran over to hold her steady. 
“Why’d you come out by yourself like that? Do you know how dangerous that is?” 
The sight of him reminded Sasha of their passionate sex earlier that day, and she found herself burning bright red instantly. 
“I…I’m fine… I should try walking more during the recovery phase to speed it up. So, what did you guys buy? Hey, go carry Vivi! She’s going to climb out the window if you don’t!” she mumbled while giving him a gentle nudge.
Sebastian had no choice but to let go of her and carry Vivian out of the car. 
“Look, Mommy! We bought so many things today!” 
Vivian came running toward her with a bag full of stuff the moment Sebastian set her down on the ground. 
Afraid that she would trip and fall over, Sasha quickly knelt down to embrace her as she asked, “Yeah? What did you buy?” 
“It’s for the bath, Mommy! Look, we bought these huge towels too!” 
“Wow, that’s a lot of stuff!” 
“Yeah! There’s one for each of us! Oh, and Daddy also bought bathtubs, one each for all of us too! They’re in the trunk!” 
“Look, Mommy! I’ve got us all a pair of slippers each! I picked them myself too!” 
“Don’t forget me, Mommy! Look, I bought you this rug! It’s big enough to cover the whole room, so you won’t have to worry about falling down again!” Ian chimed in as well, but what he said made her feel a little awkward from being exposed. 
Sasha was about to shoot him a glare when she noticed him waving at a truck heading toward them. 
Oh, god… What could it be this time? 
Sasha arched an eyebrow at Sebastian and asked, “Hey, Sebastian! What is it you bought that needs to be delivered in a truck?” 
“Mattresses. Don’t you think the beds in this house are horrible?”
He spun around and replied with a smile so bright that Sasha found herself spacing out for a bit. 
Oh, my god! That’s the first time I’ve seen him smiling so brightly! 
###Chapter 458
Chapter 458
The truck then pulled up outside the house, and the men carried several mattresses into the bedrooms under Sebastian’s instructions. 
Naturally, Mrs. Hudson and the farmer were delighted to see that. 
“Isn’t it a waste of money to buy all this if you won’t be staying here for long, Mr. Hayes?” 
“It’s fine,” Sebastian said and didn’t bother to explain himself any further. 
Having regained her composure upon hearing that, Sasha ran up to them and said, “Don’t worry, ma’am! We’ll be staying here for quite a while, and we’ll also be coming back pretty often!” 
“Really?” 
“Yeah, so look after these for us, okay? That way, we’d be able to use them whenever we come back!” she said while pointing at the mattresses in the bedrooms. 
Mrs. Hudson agreed to it immediately. 
Unbeknownst to them, a faint smile formed on Sebastian’s face as he continued moving the stuff into the house. 
She’s right, I really don’t feel like leaving this place… It’s true that I came here a few days ago as a means of escape. Now that they’re here with me, all I want is to stay here with them. Life in the countryside is a lot more relaxing compared to that in the city. I don’t have to worry about work all the time, and I get to stay away from the hustle and bustle in the city. It’s like I’ve come to a whole new world where I can be a different person and just spend time with my family.
Sebastian spent the rest of the afternoon redecorating the house while the kids went off to play with the children in the village. 
Mr. and Mrs. Hudson got busy with their work on the farm, leaving Sebastian and Sasha the only ones in the house. 
“Are you…going to use all this stuff you bought?” 
Sebastian was installing a mosquito net on the kids’ beds when he heard that. He turned around and saw Sasha unpacking the daily necessities he had bought. 
Why won’t I be using it? Does she see me as some spoilt rich guy who’s allergic to tap water or something? 
“Huh? What do you mean? This stuff is all I can afford to use from now on.” 
Sasha looked up at him in confusion. “What? Why?” 
“Because I’m jobless now, remember? Without a source of income, I’ll have to be a little more thrifty!” Sebastian replied with a shrug. 
Sasha was so shocked by what he said that she sat there staring at him for a few minutes in silence. 
Sebastian needs to be thrifty? Did I hear that right? I know he’s lost his job, but he’s still the heir to the Hayes family, isn’t he? How could he possibly have no income? Besides, he’s been the president of Hayes Corporation for so many years now! Shouldn’t he have a huge amount of money saved up or something? 
Unable to contain herself, Sasha blurted out, “What happened to your money, then? Where did it all go?” 
“What money? All of my cards have been canceled after I resigned. For your information, all the money I spend are debited directly from the company’s funds, so I’m broke now.”
My god, what the hell is with this guy? I’ve never heard of such nonsense all my life! If what he says is true, then what would presidents of companies do once they retire? 
That thought gave Sasha a really bad feeling in her gut. 
“How much do you have right now?” 
“I told you, I’m broke.” 
“Not even a single penny?” 
“Okay, not that broke.” 
Phew… At least he isn’t completely penniless! 
Sasha patted herself on the chest and let out a sigh of relief. “Okay, that’s good… As long as you…” 
“I still have two credit cards with me, and they have a monthly quota of five million each. I made the purchases earlier with one of them, but… If we can’t afford to pay the installments on the 5th of every month…” 
“Give it to me! You’re not allowed to use those credit cards anymore! Starting today, you will ask me for money when you need it!” Sasha shouted act him with a trembling voice. 
Five million! My goodness! Does this b*stard have any idea how long it’d take me to make that amount of money? 
After confiscating his credit cards, Sasha pulled out her phone and transferred two hundred thousand into his account. 
“Don’t waste this money, got it?”
“Got it, Darling!” 
Having received the money, Sebastian not only addressed her affectionately, but also bent down and gave her a kiss. 
Wait… Why does this feel like I’ve just gotten myself a gigolo? 
They were finally done unpacking and tidying up the house in the evening. While waiting for Sebastian to bring the kids home for dinner, Sasha got a call from Sabrina. 
“Well? When will you two be coming back?” Sabrina asked. 
“I’m sorry, Sabrina, but I think we won’t be going back any time soon,” Sasha replied honestly. 
Sabrina’s voice exploded on the phone the moment she heard that. “What? Are you crazy? Do you even remember why you’re there? You’re there on a search for Sebastian, not on vacation! What do you mean you’re not coming back?” 
###Chapter 459
Chapter 459
“I mean exactly what I said, Sabrina. Did you know that your brother is having a really great time here?” 
Sasha explained her reason for staying in hopes of calming Sabrina down, but that only angered her even more. 
“What’s there to be happy about when everything our family owns has fallen into someone else’s hands? Those who fought by his side to help build the business empire are being weeded out by that scumbag one after another! Tell me, how could he possibly be happy about that?” 
Sasha didn’t know what else she could say. 
Being the former president of Hayes Corporation, it’s true that Sebastian would have no reason to be happy about its current state. Ever since Solomon rose to power, he had been getting rid of the shareholders who defended Sebastian. It’s just like what Sebastian did to the shareholders who betrayed him back then. 
To make matters worse, the Rocke family has gotten away “scot-free”! Sebastian had managed to send Trevor face trial at a court in Sumanthova, but Solomon bailed him out with a huge sum of money. After that, Trevor made plans to have Roxanne enter a marriage of convenience with Solomon. The addition of the Rocke family’s huge pharmaceutical company to Solomon’s arsenal would undoubtedly make him even stronger than before! It’ll be a lot more difficult for Sebastian to take back Hayes Corporation then… 
Sasha let out a huge sigh and said, “Okay… I’ll try talking to him about this, but I can’t guarantee that he’ll return.” 
“Whatever, just do it! Honestly, I can’t believe you managed to screw up such a simple task!” Sabrina yelled angrily and hung up the phone after that.
Sasha placed the phone back down and saw Sebastian coming back with Vivian in one arm and the boys in the other. 
“Welcome home!” 
“Yes, it’s good to be home!” 
“Mommy, look! Those guys over there went fishing by the river today! They gave us some of the fishes they caught!” 
The boys handed Sasha a bucket full of fishes before Sebastian could even say anything further. 
Wow, they actually asked for fishes that someone else caught… 
“Wow, looks like we’ll be having fish for dinner tonight! For your information, these fishes from the river are completely organic, so they’ll taste amazing!” Sasha said with a smile. 
“Really?” 
Both Matteo and Ian got excited when they heard that. 
Vivian too, climbed off Sebastian and walked up to the bucket as she asked, “Can we go fishing tomorrow too, Mommy?” 
“I think we can, but I’m not sure if your daddy knows how to fish.” Sasha actually found it to be a great idea. 
The kids immediately threw themselves at Sebastian, wrapping their arms around his legs. 
“Do you know how to fish, Daddy?”
“I’m sure Daddy knows! Daddy’s so great, he knows everything!” 
“Yeah!” 
Sebastian felt a sense of glee when he heard his kids praising him, but the cunning look in Sasha’s eyes ruined everything for him. 
“Okay, I’ll take you all fishing tomorrow.” 
“Yay! We get to catch fishes tomorrow!” 
Feeling thrilled after hearing Sebastian’s promise, the kids happily carried the bucket of fish inside so Martha could cook for them. 
Sasha was about to head inside as well, but Sebastian grabbed the handle of her wheelchair before she could do so. 
“Are you enjoying yourself so much that you don’t want to go back anymore?” 
“Yes, I am. What about you, Mr. Hayes? Do you want to go back?” 
Sasha looked up at Sebastian whose face had a golden glow thanks to the evening sun. 
He arched an eyebrow at her and leaned in to kiss her on the lips so passionately that she nearly suffocated from it. 
“You…” 
“I will do as you say, Darling. If you want to stay, then we will stay. Besides, we’ve just bought mattresses earlier!” 
This freaking pervert… I knew he’d say something like that!
Sasha didn’t actually ask that because she wanted to go back. She simply read his thoughts and worded them for him in a different way. 
Just like that, the five of them spent the next couple of days in that small village. 
Solomon too, had found out about Sasha’s return, but he did nothing about it. 
“Mr. George, Roxanne has returned from Sumanthova. Would you like to see her?” his assistant asked after receiving a call from Roxanne. 
Roxanne? 
Solomon found it a little funny as he couldn’t understand why he had become involved with her. 
###Chapter 460
Chapter 460
He soon received a call from Xenhall, Jetroina. 
“Hey, Solomon! I hear Trevor intends to have his daughter marry you! This is a great opportunity, so you should take it! Frederick has yet to fully hand over his power, so having the support of the Rocke family’s pharmaceutical company will reinforce your position!” 
It was a woman’s voice, and all she did was order him around without even asking about his well-being. 
Solomon narrowed his eyes, and the look on his face grew cold instantly. 
“And what if I don’t marry her?” 
“Why not? Are you trying to defy your mom? This is all for your own good, so you will do as I say!” 
The woman on the phone got really angry and scolded him harshly. 
Mom? 
A sarcastic smile formed on Solomon’s lips as he said, “My mom is dead! She died back when I was eight!” 
He then slammed his phone on the ground, much to the horror of his assistant watching from the side. 
Instead of going to see Roxanne, Solomon left the office and went looking for the shareholder that had been avoiding him. 
He had only a few more to get rid of, and they were the most difficult ones of the bunch.
Most of the people in Hayes Corporation didn’t respect him even after he rose to power as he was an illegitimate child and had taken over the company through underhanded means. 
That was the reason why he had been “executing” a lot of people throughout that month, but most of them held lowly positions in the company and only owned a small amount of the company’s shares. 
As such, the only way for Solomon to truly achieve dominance was to take out the major shareholders. 
“Mr. George, Peter lives in Lux Tower and has always wanted to acquire the building. He’s willing to transfer his shares over if we can fulfill this request of his,” his assistant reminded him over the phone when Solomon arrived at the Lux Tower. 
Solomon took a glance at the building from inside his car upon hearing that. 
Hmm, it does indeed have great commercial value. The first four floors are comprised of a shopping mall with lots of top-tier luxury brands within the city. The rent alone for this place should be enough to last you a lifetime. 
He then parked his car and was about to go look for Peter inside when he saw two familiar figures in one of the men’s clothing stores. 
“Do you like this?” 
“Yeah.” 
A handsome and elegant-looking man was trying on some clothes in front of the mirror. Although the outfits were plain and ordinary in design, he made them look surprisingly well when he put them on. 
Solomon narrowed his eyes when he noticed that the man’s gaze wasn’t focused on his outfit, but the woman who was straightening his shirt collar for him.
She had a beautiful face, mesmerizing eyes, and a dazzling set of pearly whites. The look in her eyes was so gentle and affectionate as she helped tidy up the man’s clothes. 
Sebastian Hayes! 
Pain and jealousy filled Solomon’s heart instantly, and he gripped the steering wheel so tightly that his knuckles went white. 
“Hey, are you listening to me? Why aren’t you saying anything?” 
Sasha looked up at Sebastian and pouted when she didn’t hear a response from him. 
The next thing she knew, her lips were sealed by his. 
Loud gasping noises could be heard within the store, and the salesgirls who had been eyeing Sebastian the moment he came in held their hands to their mouths in shock and disappointment. 
Damn it! Why are all the handsome men taken? 
Sasha burned bright red when she regained her composure. 
“What are you doing? There are so many people here!” 
“What are you afraid of? It’s not like we’re in some indecent relationship or anything. You’re my wife, remember?” 
“No, we’re divorced.” 
“Since when? I’m not aware.” 
Unable to continue the conversation, Sasha quickly changed the topic.
“Do you like this shirt or not? We need to head back as soon as we’re done shopping. The kids are waiting for us, you know?” 
“Yeah, sure. I like anything you buy for me, Darling,” Sebastian said with a shameless smile on his face. 
Sasha didn’t dare say another word and scurried off to make the payment at the counter. 
Jackson had called Sasha earlier that morning and told her to get prepared as her dad would be released from prison in two days. That was why they came out shopping for clothes before heading over to Jackson’s place. 
Sasha had wanted to leave after completing the purchase, but Sebastian stopped in his tracks when they passed by a restaurant serving Chanaean cuisine. 
“Shall we have lunch here?” he asked. 
“Huh? Are you hungry?” 
We should probably have lunch at Uncle Jackson’s place instead. Knowing how hot-tempered he is, he’d definitely scold me if he knew we were coming over but chose to have lunch outside instead! 
As she couldn’t bring herself to refuse his requests, Sasha kept those thoughts to herself and held his hand as they entered the restaurant. 
###Chapter 461
Chapter 461
The two of them then sat down at a table while a waiter came to take their order. 
“What would you like to eat?” 
Sebastian skimmed through the menus, and one particular dish caught his eye. “I’m fine with anything. Hmm… Looks like they have calzone here. It’s been a while since we’ve had any, so how about we give this one a try?” 
Sasha was surprised to hear that. 
Does he want calzones? But he never eats calzone! In fact, he rarely even eats Chanaean food in general! Why does he want to eat this now? Is it because he has tried the ones I made before? 
With a sweet sensation in her heart, Sasha ordered a serving of calzone and a couple more dishes. 
“Sebastian, we’ll be heading over to my Uncle Jackson’s place after lunch, so…” 
Sasha was about to tell Sebastian to put up with Jackson later when someone interrupted her, “Seb, is that you? Wow, what a coincidence! I didn’t think I’d see you here!” 
Seb? Who on earth would dare call him that in a place like this? 
Sasha quickly turned around and saw an old man with a head full of grey hair standing by the entrance. 
The old man then walked up to them, much to her confusion. 
What’s going on here? Does this old man know Sebastian?
“So this is your wife, eh? She’s very beautiful, Seb! When will you bring her over for dinner at my place?” 
The old man complimented Sasha with a smile after eyeing her from head to toe. 
“Sorry, you are?” Sasha asked awkwardly. 
“Sasha, go tell the waiter that we’ll have the calzone for takeout instead. We’ll be leaving soon,” Sebastian said coldly. 
Sasha quickly got up and did as told. 
After a few minutes of complete silence, the old man cleared his throat awkwardly and said, “Ahem… Don’t look at me like that, Mr. Hayes. You told me not to let Madam know about this, so I had no other choice!” 
He seemed like a completely different person with the smile on his face replaced by a nervous and cautious expression. 
Sebastian on the other hand, had the same old menacing look in his eyes. 
“What do you want with me? Hurry up and get it over with!” 
The old man sat up straight and cut to the chase right away. “Right, of course… When do you plan on returning to the company, Mr. Hayes? It’s a real mess right now, and Solomon is forcing us shareholders to leave one after another. There are only a few of us remaining at the moment.” 
Me? Return to the company? 
Sebastian sneered. “Why would I want to return? If I could remember, you guys were dying to have me leave the company! Isn’t this exactly what you all wanted?”
The old man was quick to deny it. “No, that’s not it, Mr. Hayes. It’s true that we didn’t quite like you before because of your young age and ruthless methods. However, having Solomon in power made us realize you’re the right person for the job. We’re sorry for what we did to you, Mr. Hayes.” 
“Heh…” Sebastian simply let out a cold chuckle without saying a word, much to the old man’s dismay. 
“You may not know this, Mr. Hayes, but Solomon wasn’t the one who acquired our shares. It was Sinch Enterprise, the company that’s backing him up.” 
“What? Sinch Enterprise?” The look in Sebastian’s eyes changed slightly when he heard that. 
“That’s right. Here, I brought you all the evidence to prove it. Please have a look.” 
Noticing a glimmer of hope, the old man quickly handed Sebastian all the documents he had brought. 
However, Sebastian showed no interest in the documents presented before him. 
“None of this has anything to do with me anymore. I’m no longer your president, so you should showing this to my dad instead.” 
Sebastian then got up and prepared to leave after saying that. 
The old man was completely dumbfounded. 
What? Does he not care about this at all? This company used to mean the world to him, so how could he just up and leave like that? 
He quickly got to his feet and stood in Sebastian’s path as he said, “How could you say that, Mr. Hayes? You’re the heir to the Hayes family, and Hayes Corporation is the result of all your hard work over the years! Are you really just going to sit by and watch as someone else takes it from you?”
“This is your final warning, Peter! Step aside!” Sebastian said coldly, offering no room for negotiation whatsoever. 
Peter fell into utter despair as he watched Sebastian walk away, and that glimmer of hope in his eyes was completely dead. 
“Hm? Where’d he go?” Sasha asked as she returned with the calzone in a takeout box a few minutes later. 
Realizing she was the only person who could help him, Peter stared at her and said solemnly, “Madam, there isn’t much us old timers can do for the company anymore. Please, you have to convince Mr. Hayes to come back, or this will truly be the end for Hayes Corporation!” 
With tears in his eyes, Peter handed Sasha the share transfer agreements that had been signed by the remaining shareholders and walked away, leaving her rooted to the spot in shock. 
###Chapter 462
Chapter 462
Sasha didn’t know what had happened between the two during her brief moment of absence earlier, but she couldn’t bring herself to refuse the old man’s request when she saw his expression and heard what he said. 
On the way to the Blackwood residence, Sasha realized the unsettling tension in the car and asked, “So… who was that guy? Did he go there just to see you?” 
“Yeah, that’s Peter Miller, one of Hayes Corporation’s shareholders,” Sebastian replied, which came as a surprise to her. 
Sebastian would never talk about anything if he doesn’t feel like it, and he’s saying that with such a scary look on his face too! Sabrina had wanted me to ask him about his decision regarding the company, but I never dared bring it up during our time in the village. Maybe this is my chance to do that. I’m really curious as to what his answer will be! 
Sasha seized the opportunity and asked boldly, “What does he need from you? Is it about the company? You don’t want to deal with it anymore, right?” 
The look on Sebastian’s face grew even colder when he heard that, but he still replied, “With Dad’s healthy son managing the company for him, it’s only going to become even better than before! I wouldn’t want to ruin their happiness now, would I?” 
Sasha didn’t dare say another word after that. 
It’s obvious that Sebastian hasn’t gotten over that incident, and I can’t blame him for it either. His dad said some really nasty things to him, so it isn’t something you can just forget after a while and move on. 
With that in mind, Sasha decided to drop that topic and return the share transfer agreements to Peter when she had the time. 
Little did she know, Solomon had already found out about what happened. 
“Mr. George, I think we should get those share transfer agreements back from Ms. Wand as soon as possible. If Mrs. Tsurka were to find out…” 
The assistant was so nervous that he didn’t dare finish his sentence. 
Solomon looks so terrifying with that cold and menacing look in his eyes! He used to be such a cheerful and easy-going person, but now… He’s had that suffocating air of hostility about him throughout the past two days! 
“So what if she finds out? You think she’ll kill her?” 
“Sir, our main priority is to take back Hayes Corporation, and Ms. Wand is an outsider. If you don’t want her to get harmed in any way, then our best bet would be to get the documents back before Mrs. Tsurka finds out.” 
It’s perfectly possible for Mrs. Tsurka to kill Ms. Wand when it is necessary! 
After what felt like an eternity, with an icy-cold look in his eyes, Solomon asked, “How are you going to take it back with Sebastian by her side?” 
“Don’t worry about that, Mr. George. I will arrange for someone to steal the documents from her without anyone noticing.” 
With the assistant’s reassurance, Solomon nodded and tossed him a few wads of cash to get the job done. 
The assistant then picked up the money and hurried off to do his bidding.
As Sasha had stopped talking about Hayes Corporation, Sebastian’s mood was a lot better by the time they arrived at Blackwood residence in Old Town. 
“We’re here, Uncle Jackson!” 
“Did you start your journey really late or what? Look at the time! The freaking sun is about to set!” Being the hot-tempered man that he was, Jackson scolded them angrily as they had arrived a lot later than they had planned to. 
Sasha took a quick glance at Sebastian as she was afraid of him getting angry. 
“N-No, Uncle Jackson! We had a traffic jam on our way here, that’s all!” 
“A traffic jam, you say? Where exactly?” 
“Um…” 
“Stop with the questions, will you? Who cares where the traffic jam was? They got here, and that’s all that matters!” Sharon reprimanded him when she came out of the kitchen to serve up the food. 
Thanks to her, Jackson finally stopped pressing them for answers, much to Sasha’s relief. 
She then turned toward Sebastian and was about to say something when she noticed how calm and indifferent he seemed. As Sharon placed the plate and cutlery down for him, Sebastian took a seat by the dining table and said, “It’s not her fault. I had a last-minute errand to run. That’s why we arrived late.” 
Jackson too, was surprised at how calm he was despite being down and out. 
“What was it that you did?”
“This is my first time coming over, so I went to buy you a gift,” Sebastian replied as he placed a box on the table. 
Sasha went wide-eyed with surprise. 
A gift? When did he get that? He didn’t buy anything while we were in Lux Tower earlier! 
###Chapter 463
Chapter 463
Both Jackson and Sharon were taken aback and hesitated for a bit before opening the box. 
“An antique snuff box?” 
“And a painting by my favorite artist!” 
The two of them exclaimed, unable to believe their eyes. 
Jackson was a smoker but hadn’t been able to afford decent tobacco since the downfall of the Blackwood family. 
On the other hand, Sharon was born into a family of scholars, and she would’ve dedicated her life to art had she not been burdened with managing the household after marrying into the Blackwood family. 
As such, the two of them were touched to tears when they saw the gifts. 
Sebastian shot them an indifferent glance and said, “These aren’t the most expensive ones out there, but I assure you they are definitely authentic. Please feel free to keep them if they are to your liking. You may think of it as compensation for my neglect over the years.” 
His words sent mixed feelings into everyone’s hearts once again. 
Jackson and Sharon decided to accept the gifts in the end, and Sasha waited till she was in the car with Sebastian before asking, “Where did you buy all that? The Lux Tower? I didn’t see you buy anything there, so when did you buy it?”
Sebastian shot her a quick glance before shifting his gaze back to the road ahead. “I didn’t. I lied about that.” 
“What? Where did you buy that stuff from, then? Those looked pretty expensive, and I could tell they were really touched by it! How much did it cost you?” 
Out of all the questions she asked, the last one was the most important one. 
“Two hundred thousand, duh! That’s all you gave me, remember? Good thing my friend gave me a discount, or that stuff could’ve easily costed over three hundred thousand! You should be glad we got it for a fairly cheap price!” Sebastian replied. 
Sasha nearly fainted on the spot when she heard that. 
Two hundred thousand is fairly cheap? Has he forgotten the fact that he’s no longer the filthy rich president of Hayes Corporation? Right now, he’s nothing more than a freaking penniless man being kept by me! 
Noticing the angry look on her face, Sebastian pursed his lips and said cautiously, “D-Did I overspend, Darling? I’m sorry, I’ve gotten so used to that extravagant lifestyle that I forgot you’re the only one supporting the family right now… How about I start looking for a job tomorrow?” 
“What did you say?” 
His words hit Sasha like a truck. 
Does the great Sebastian Hayes want to look for a job? What kind of job could a man like him possibly get? He’s my most precious sweetheart, and I would rather spend all of my hard-earned money on him than have him work under someone else! A king like him shouldn’t have to serve anyone, and I will do everything in my power to make sure of that!
“That won’t be necessary! I own a company, remember? We’ll just work together and make it as powerful as Hayes Corporation!” she declined his suggestion and transferred another five hundred thousand into his bank account. 
What a silly woman! 
A smile formed on Sebastian’s face when he saw how goofy she looked. 
The kids were fast asleep by the time they arrived at the village later that night, and they retired to bed shortly after taking a quick shower. 
“Sebastian, I… Mmph…” 
Sasha could barely get a word out before Sebastian climbed on top of her. 
“Can you change the way you address me?” 
“W-What?” 
“Call me Honey… Or Sebby.” Sebastian’s voice went really low when he said the last word, nearly driving her insane from how sexy he sounded. 
Sebby? That was how I used to address him back when I was five! But then, a lot had happened, and he forbade me from doing so after that. Is he seriously asking me to call him “Sebby” again? 
With that in mind, Sasha burned bright red instantly. 
Her eyelids fluttered as she stared deeply into his eyes, and the words slipped out of her mouth before she even realized it. “Sebby…”
Sebastian felt as if a surge of electricity shot through his body upon hearing that. Unable to hold himself back any longer, he leaned in to give her a deep and passionate kiss on the lips. 
The two of them soon fell asleep after a wild night in bed. 
In the middle of the night, Sebastian was woken up by a noise coming from outside the bedroom. It was really faint, but he had a sharp sense of hearing and could tell there was a fight going on outside. 
Who could it be? 
He opened his eyes immediately and covered Sasha up with the blanket before climbing out of bed. 
“Mr. Hayes!” 
“Karl? What are you doing here?” 
There was a cold glint in his eyes when he opened the door and saw his bodyguard covered in blood. 
###Chapter 464
Chapter 464
“I followed these guys here. Mr. Hayes, did something happen during your trip to the city today?” Karl asked while tossing the items he took from them onto the floor. 
A syringe filled with anesthetic, a coil of rope, and two silenced pistols with an intricate design… Are these men here to kill me? No, Solomon wouldn’t dare go that far just yet. Besides, he should know he doesn’t have what it takes to kill me! 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes at the thought of that. 
“Wait here,” he mumbled as he went into the bedroom and returned moments later with a folder in his hand. 
“What is this?” Karl asked. 
“Share transfer agreements from Peter and a few other shareholders. He came to see me today and gave these to me, but I refused to accept them. Little did I know, he handed them over to Sasha instead,” Sebastian replied while staring furiously at the documents like he wanted to rip them all to shreds. 
“What will you do next? Things aren’t looking good at the office. Remember how you had me do some digging on Sinch Enterprise the other day? Well, I found something rather fishy about that company!” Karl said after a brief pause. 
Sebastian shot him a glare. “Fishy? How so?” 
“While it’s true that the company was founded by a Jetroinian, Solomon had become the person in charge at some point in time. According to my sources, he was the adopted son of Tanaka Ichirou,” Karl
replied while sending him a file he had stored in his phone. 
“Adopted son?” Sebastian was shocked when he saw that part in the file. “Yancy Young brought Solomon over to the Wand family when he was eight. When she passed away, Sasha’s mom, Heather Blackwood, helped raise him until he was eighteen. How on earth did he become the adopted son of some Jetroinian guy? Could it be that Solomon came across this guy when he was studying abroad?” 
Karl shook his head. “No. According to our investigation, Solomon has only been in contact with Sinch Enterprise within the past two years. In other words, this took place while he was still in Clear.” 
Sebastian went silent after that and simply glared coldly at the file in his hand. 
Looks like this Jetroinian guy is the one we should really start looking into, then… 
“Arrange for someone to investigate this guy.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
Karl’s eyes lit up immediately. 
Oh, my god! Mr. Hayes finally going to do something about the company! 
However, that feeling of excitement didn’t last long as Sebastian then handed him the folder and said, “Give this back to Peter.” 
“Huh? But… What if Madam finds out?” Karl refused to give up without a struggle. 
“What are you talking about? This has nothing to do with Sasha.” 
“I mean, she must have her reasons for keeping it a secret from you. Wouldn’t she get mad if she wakes up and finds out that you gave this to me without telling her first?”
Seeing no response from Sebastian, Karl continued, “As such, I think you should discuss it with her before making this decision. After all, it wasn’t easy for you two to get back together!” 
This bodyguard sure has gotten a lot bolder, talking to me like this… It pisses me off, but I have to admit, he does have a point. 
Noticing the bulging veins on Sebastian’s forehead, Karl knew it was his cue to leave. “Will that be all, Mr. Hayes? If not, I’ll be taking my leave now! Oh, right, almost forgot… Have you really gone bankrupt? If I recall, you have two limitless credit cards with you, right?” 
“Get lost!” Sebastian shouted angrily. 
Karl took off as quickly as his could carry him, and the village fell into silence once again. 
Sasha woke up the next morning with no clue as to what happened the night before. 
Her gaze fell upon the folder she had kept inside her handbag as she dragged her exhausted body out of bed, and she furrowed her brows wondering what she should do with it. 
###Chapter 465
Chapter 465
“Come and have breakfast. We’ll go to the farm to pluck some fresh vegetables later.” 
Mrs. Hudson was busy preparing breakfast in the kitchen. When she saw Sasha downstairs, she quickly brought out breakfast and made preparations to pluck vegetables later. 
How can I do this? 
Sasha felt embarrassed to accept so many things, particularly considering that she had stayed in this house for many days. 
Nonetheless, the owner of the farm was super friendly. She gave them fruits, vegetables, and even chicks before they left. 
Since Vivian liked the chicks so much and was reluctant to let go of them, Mrs. Hudson decided to gift some of them to her. 
This child… 
“My goodness. We might have to stop visiting the farm from now on.” 
On their way home, Sasha couldn’t help but complain as she gazed at the car that was full of things. 
Sebastian nodded and replied, “Indeed. So, the best way is to build our own house here.” 
“Did you say build our own house?” 
“Yup. Since the cost of building a house here isn’t high, we can bring the kids to stay here for a few days whenever we want to. Besides, it’s better than letting the kids play video games when they are on
holiday.” 
Sasha was surprised to hear that Sebastian cared a lot about the kids’ education and well-being, though he was young. 
Of course, Sasha was more than willing to accept the suggestion. 
The family returned to Avenport two hours later. 
Initially, Sasha thought Sebastian would drive them to Frontier Bay. 
Much to her surprise, Sebastian asked after exiting the highway, “Should we go to the Wand residence or the Blackwood residence?” 
“Ah?” 
Sasha was taken aback for a while. 
Meanwhile, the kids came closer once they heard what Sebastian said. “I want to go to Uncle Lance’s house. Don’t go to Uncle Jackson’s house because he is too fierce!” 
Sasha was rendered speechless upon hearing it. 
A few seconds, she gazed at Sebastian and said with an awkward smile, “In that case, let’s go to the Wand residence. They have cleaned the house, and Lance lives there now. Rest assured that it’s clean.” 
Sasha indirectly brought up the reason that she didn’t propose to stay at the Wand residence. 
Since the Wand residence was an old house, she thought Sebastian wouldn’t get used to it. After all, he had always lived in comfortable places since he was a boy. 
Once Sasha finished, Sebastian turned the steering and drove toward Old Town.
Sasha was delighted and pursed her lips. 
Hence, the whole family moved into the Wand residence officially. 
Lance was happy upon hearing the news and even purposely came back from the company earlier to prepare a feast for them. 
After having lunch, Sasha decided to visit the company with Lance. 
“Err… Sebby, I’m going to the office now. Can you please take care of the kids at home?” She blushed and dared not gaze at Sebastian when she called his nickname. 
Upon hearing it, Sebastian was excited and wished to take Sasha into his arms badly. 
However, he suppressed his excitement, for it was inappropriate to do so at that moment. 
“Alright. Do you want me to drive you home later?” 
“Never mind. I’ll be late because I have to check the company’s account. After all, many customers have left these days because Lance is not experienced enough.” 
Sasha grabbed her bag as she was talking to Sebastian. 
Wand Enterprise, which was owned by the Wand family, didn’t do well recently for a few reasons. Firstly, Sasha wasn’t here, while Lance lacked the experience in running the company. 
Secondly, since Wand Enterprise was only established not long ago, many customers merely gave it a try to collaborate with the company. In other words, the customers would eventually leave if Wand Enterprise didn’t follow up on their services. 
Sasha arrived at the company by her car.
Not long after Sasha was here, she realized quite a lot of problems in the company. 
“Didn’t I close the deal with Mr. Lozano when I went to Summerbank last time? Why was the order withdrawn?” 
“Yes, but he was worried that something would have happened to you because you hadn’t returned for quite some time. As such, he was reluctant to honor the deal,” Lance explained cautiously and helplessly. 
Meanwhile, Sasha frowned tighter upon hearing it. 
Although Sasha expected that Lance wouldn’t be an outstanding manager, she was surprised to find out that he was nearly unqualified for the job. 
Hence, Sasha couldn’t help but feel annoyed. 
Sasha wasn’t in the mood to continue checking the company’s account anymore. Later, she left the company and decided to visit a few customers to ascertain the situation. 
Unexpectedly, Sasha saw a white Maybach at the entrance the moment she exited the company. 
“Sha, isn’t that—” 
Lance’s expression turned grim when he followed Sasha and saw the car. 
Sasha remained silent until the door opened. After a man with spectacles and looked gentleman came out, Sasha instructed coldly, “Get in.” 
Lance hopped in right away. 
The weather in the city was getting colder by the day as it was already late in the autumn. Besides, leaves fell off trees once the cool breeze blew.
The man was Solomon. 
His gaze was fixated on Sasha and never left her, not even for a moment. 
Unfortunately, Solomon could feel Sasha’s coldness, disgust, and hatred toward him. He thought she probably wouldn’t stop if his car didn’t happen to block the entrance. 
###Chapter 466
Chapter 466
“Nancy, you’re back.” 
“Yes, I’m sorry to disappoint you because I’m not dead yet,” she ridiculed. 
Solomon’s face turned pale instantly. 
Since Solomon remembered what he did to Sasha clearly, he did expect to hear pleasant words from her in the first place. 
However, a suffocating discomfort still swept over him the moment she said it. 
Deep down, Solomon knew that he was the one who betrayed Sasha. 
“Nancy, I’m here to ask if the share transfer agreements of Hayes Corporation are with you now? If you have them, please hand them over to me.” 
“What?” 
Sasha almost burst into laughter after Solomon requested them without showing any guilt. 
“Why must I give them to you? Are those agreements yours?” 
“Nancy!” 
Solomon finally couldn’t hold in his anger. “Stop messing around. I mean, keeping those things to yourself won’t do you any good. If all you want is money, I can pay it to you.” 
“Do you think I want money?”
“Yes, I think so. Don’t you wish to develop Wand Enterprise? You might want some money to invest in your company or collaborate with Hayes Corporation. Well, I’ll agree to it as long as you hand over the share transfer agreements to me.” 
Solomon proposed two tempting terms without hesitation. 
After all, Wand Enterprise would grow if it collaborated with Hayes Corporation. 
Well, I never thought about requesting any investment from Hayes Corporation, even when my husband was the president. In that case, what makes him think that I want to collaborate with him now? 
Sasha felt disgusted and chuckled at Solomon’s proposal. “Who are you to make sure that Hayes Corporation will collaborate with my company? Is Hayes Corporation yours?” 
“You—” 
“I tell you what, the position that you are holding now doesn’t belong to you. Since it’s not yours, why should I hand it over to you? Shouldn’t I return it to its true owner instead?” 
“What did you say?” 
“I said its’ true owner—my husband, Sebastian Hayes!” 
Sasha emphasized every word as though she plunged a sharp sword into Solomon’s heart. 
At that moment, Solomon’s face had lost all color. 
Moreover, there were feelings of embarrassment, anger, and disappointment in his eyes. 
After a while, he turned ferocious like a beast who would grab the lady away anytime to lock her up. 
Why? Why did she humiliate me in such a way? Is it because I have hurt her before?
If that’s true, what about the man she mentioned just now? What has he done? Didn’t he hurt her as well? Were the things he did any better than what I did? 
Besides, can’t she remember at least something good about me? Back then, when Solomon heard that Sasha was in trouble in Clear, he let go of his well-paid job and went to the place to accompany and take care of her. 
At that time, Sebastian cherished her like a precious diamond. 
Has she forgotten everything about it? 
Solomon grew increasingly furious even though he remained silent. 
However, Sasha didn’t notice his change of expression. She wanted to leave after venting out her feelings. 
“Ah—” 
“What are you doing? Solomon, are you crazy? Let go!” Sasha yelled shockingly, for Solomon grabbed her wrist all of a sudden. 
Sasha tried hard to wriggle free from Solomon, yet he was exasperated and refused to let go. 
The next moment, Solomon wanted to drag Sasha back into his car. 
“Sha! Hey, let go of my sister!” 
Lance was hiding in the company and observed the situation all the while. As Solomon acted aggressively, Lance screamed at him and wanted to save Sasha. 
Suddenly, a red Ferrari charged toward them from the other end of the street like a strong cheetah.
Upon seeing the car, Solomon was shocked and had no choice but to let go of Sasha and step aside. 
Who is this? How dare she ruin my business? 
At that moment, anger clouded Solomon’s face. 
The Ferrari stopped right before them. The next moment, a woman in a black leather jacket, black jeans, and a pair of high-heels hopped out with a baseball bat in her hand. 
“You b*stard! How dare you mess with the Hayes? Let me teach you a lesson today!” 
Her furious yell could have shocked everyone around the street. 
My goodness! It’s Sabrina! 
Sasha, who lost balance and fell to the ground just now, was startled. 
At the same time, Solomon’s face darkened once she saw the woman. 
“Sabrina, are you tired of living already?” 
“Yes, I’m indeed tired. Come on, b*stard! I have always wanted to go to hell with you!” 
After yelling at Solomon, Sabrina flung the baseball bat toward him. 
This woman was really fearless! 
In the end, Solomon had no choice but to get into his car. He shot a cold glance at Sabrina for a moment and sped off. 
The whole family is insane. 
The street became peaceful again.
Lance quickly helped Sasha up. Since Sabrina was still shouting across the street while holding the baseball bat, Sasha said helplessly, “That’s enough. He has already left. You don’t have to shout anymore.” 
###Chapter 467
Chapter 467
Sabrina continued cursing Solomon for a while before she came back. 
“Are you mentally retarded? Why did you still see him since he had mistreated you before? I mean, are you a masochist? Believe it or not, I’ll kill you if you continue doing this,” The next moment, Sabrina scolded Sasha non-stop. 
Sasha was agitated and immediately denied the allegations. “What nonsense is that? I didn’t know that he would be here. Well, I wouldn’t even come here if I knew it.” 
Sabrina finally stopped scolding Sasha and didn’t suspect her upon hearing her explanation. 
Nonetheless, Sabrina’s face was still grim. 
Meanwhile, Sasha fell silent for a while before she said, “Are you here to discuss something with me? Would you like to sit down in my office and talk?” 
Sasha invited Sabrina into the building with the hope of calming her down. 
Besides, Sasha also made some tea for Sabrina as a token of appreciation for saving her. 
Fortunately, Sabrina was willing to heed Sasha’s suggestion. She stood still for a while and entered the building. 
After having some tea, Sabrina began explaining her purpose for coming here. “Hayes Corporation is about to collapse.” 
“What? What do you mean by that?” Sasha, who was enjoying the tea, was shocked upon hearing that.
Sabrina replied with resentment and frustration, “That scumbag used a company in Jetroina to purchase all of the shares of Hayes Corporation. Now, there are only three shareholders left in the company, namely my dad, Sinch Enterprise, and him.” 
Sasha was rooted to the floor. 
Besides, she felt a shiver running down her spine. 
Deep down, she was shocked to know that Hayes Corporation was in such huge trouble. 
“When my dad handed over the company to Sebastian, he didn’t transfer all the shares to him to prevent him from making any reckless decisions. As such, he still had 35 percent of shares, while Sebastian had 25 percent. In short, my dad still has the power to make final decisions related to the company.” 
Sabrina paused for a while and said, “However, once Solomon gained control of the company, he inherited Sebastian’s 25 percent of the shares and used Sinch Enterprise to purchase individual shares that are worth 20 percent. Also, he will have 65 percent of the shares in total once he obtains another 20 percent from the old shareholders. By then, he will be the biggest shareholder, while my dad can’t stop him. Therefore, Hayes Corporation will fall into the hands of Solomon and the Jetroinan company.” 
Sabrina gnashed her teeth as she explained the company’s situation thoroughly. 
Meanwhile, Sasha’s heart sank upon hearing it. 
Since Sasha was knowledgeable in finance, she was well aware of how a listed company distributed its shares. In short, anyone with the most shares in a company held the power to decide its direction. 
Moreover, Sinch Enterprise, which possessed 20 percent of the shares of Hayes Corporation, belonged to Solomon as well. 
So, what does Solomon intend to do? Could it be that he wants to gain control of the entire company?
A moment later, Sasha got furious as she recalled Solomon’s rudeness to her. 
“He will not succeed!” 
“What?” 
“The share transfer agreements are in our hands. Hence, Solomon can’t lay his fingers on the shares if they belong to us.” 
With that, Sasha flung the agreements on the table. 
Sabrina’s eyes widened in shock. 
“How… How is this possible?” 
Sabrina couldn’t believe her eyes. After quite some time, she finally calmed herself down and began reading the documents. 
A moment later, she was shocked once again. 
These are really the share transfer agreements! 
The whole company is busy looking for the agreements; yet, it turns out that Sasha has them. 
“Peter gave these to me when he met Sebastian and me. He handed the documents over to me since Sebastian didn’t want them,” Sasha explained briefly. 
The sudden waves of emotions hit Sabrina once she got the picture. 
“What did you mean when you said the shares belong to us? Are you suggesting purchasing the shares from the original owners? It won’t be easy because one can’t purchase the shares randomly.”
“Isn’t your dad still in charge? We can do it as long as he agrees to it.” 
Sabrina fell silent for a while and felt that Sasha was right. 
What’s next? Who’s going to buy it? It constitutes 20 percent of Hayes Corporation’s shares. Well, Hayes Corporation is a conglomerate worth a few hundred billion! 
In other words, 20 percent of the shares would be worth dozens of billion! 
The two fell into silence as they pondered about it. 
“Do you think Sebastian has the money? After all, he used to be in charge of the company for so many years.” 
“Forget it, for he doesn’t even have a penny. Besides, I’m paying for all of his expenses now,” Sasha complained. 
“Ahem! Ahem!…” 
Sabrina spurted out a mouthful of coffee upon hearing that. 
In the end, the two ladies went home because they couldn’t come up with a good solution. 
On their way back to the Wand residence, Sasha purposely reminded Lance to keep a tight lid on the discussion so that Sebastian wouldn’t be worried. 
Lance agreed to it willingly. 
It was near dusk, and the sun was about to set. When Sasha arrived at the Wand residence, the old building unknowingly gave her peace of mind. 
“Vivi, Matteo, and Little Ian, I’m back.”
###Chapter 468
Chapter 468
She called out to the children the moment she stepped into the house. 
Before they could react, a large shadow towered over them. “You’re back?” 
“Huh?” 
Caught by surprise, Sasha was shocked. 
“S-since when did you come up from behind me? Aren’t you supposed to be at home?” 
Sebastian stood quietly behind her. Although he looked calm, there was a cold glint in his eye. 
His eyes glistened with greater intensity when he saw the red mark on her wrist. 
“Mmm-hmm. I just went to the supermarket.” 
“Oh? The supermarket? That’s good. Did you buy any ingredients there? Shall we cook together then?” 
Sasha began to feel guilty. 
His eyes were like razor-sharp swords that could pierce through whatever secrets she had hidden in her heart. It was as if he knew what happened during the day. 
It’s really scary! 
Lowering her head, Sasha tried to reach for what he was carrying in his hand.
However, the moment she moved her hand, he grabbed onto her fingers instead. The warmth she felt from his palms caused her heart to skip a beat. 
“Let’s go.” 
His voice was deep and raspy. It was a side effect from Lightspring. However, at that very moment, it sounded like a melodious cello to her. 
After nodding happily, both of them walked into the kitchen holding hands. 
By eight in the evening, all of them had finished dinner. Once Sasha was done bathing them, they swarmed their uncle’s room where he read them a story. 
Sasha left them with him and went downstairs. 
She had to do the dishes and clear up the dining room. Unlike Frontier Bay, there were no maids to do the chores here. 
Just as expected, when she came downstairs, she saw Sebastian sitting idly there. He was so free that he was playing video games. However, the mess on the table was still untouched. 
“Are they asleep?” 
“Not yet. They got their uncle to read them a bedtime story.” 
Nevertheless, Sasha wasn’t angry at all. She was well aware that Sebastian wasn’t someone who would do any household chores. 
Entering the dining room, she began to clean up. 
“In that case, they won’t need you to coax them to sleep tonight, right? We should rest early too.”
Sebastian had stopped playing his game despite happily doing so earlier. He quickly got up and help her clear the dishes. 
Sasha was briefly stunned. 
Just when she wanted to tell him that she didn’t need his help, she noticed that it came easily to him. 
He actually knows how to do the dishes? 
Sasha was shocked. 
The reality was that during the five years when she was away, Sebastian had raised Ian by himself. That was when he learnt how to do the chores. 
After both of them cleaned the kitchen thoroughly, Sebastian pulled Sasha upstairs. 
“Darling, shall we bathe together?” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened as her face flushed red in embarrassment. 
What is he thinking about all the time? He must be really bored. 
Sasha declined at once. “No… I don’t want to. You go on ahead as there’s something I need to attend to.” 
When she tried to flee, it was already too late. 
With a forceful tug, she was pulled into the shower. For two consecutive hours, she didn’t manage to leave. 
What a beast!
After that, Sasha didn’t even have the strength to lift her fingers. 
She let him carry her out of the shower and back into the room. Her body was so worn that she slumped onto the bed. 
“I think… you have too much free time.” 
“Is that so?” he replied languidly after being satisfied. 
Lying on her bed, Sasha was still blushing. “Isn’t it the case? All you can think about is… when you were busy previously, did you think of this too?” 
With her cheeks still burning, she was too embarrassed to say the words. 
When Sebastian saw her coy expression, he pulled her into his embrace. “How did you know that I wasn’t thinking of it? Am I supposed to tell you every time?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was dumbfounded. Spacing out in his embrace, she looked as if she had lost her mind and forgotten how to move. 
He actually thinks of this at the office? 
With who? 
Me? 
This is ridiculous… 
Sasha was shocked by his words as it was the most hideous thing she had ever heard. At that time, their relationship was still in a terrible place.
“Perhaps, if you think that I’m too free, I don’t mind having another baby with you.” 
“What!” 
Sasha’s response was even more dramatic than before. 
Trembling, she hid underneath her blanket and hoped the ground would open up and swallow her instead. 
Another child? Isn’t three enough? 
Fortunately, Sebastian was satisfied for the night. Smiling blissfully, he pulled her underneath the sheets before lying on the bed in each other’s embrace. 
Before long, Sasha fell into deep sleep. 
Just when her breathing reached a steady pace. Sebastian’s eyes opened, glistening sharply in the dark. 
Solomon George! 
###Chapter 469
Chapter 469
The next day. 
When Sasha woke up, Sebastian was no longer beside her. The morning sun illuminated the room, bathing it with its golden rays. 
What time is it? 
When she tried to move, she realized her body was aching all over, causing her to feel like sleeping in. 
“Mommy, are you awake yet?” 
“Hush, mommy is exhausted from last night. We better not disturb her. Let’s get Daddy to send us to school instead.” 
Outside the door, the children discussed among themselves after having observed the situation briefly. 
Consequently, Sasha blushed when she heard them. 
Getting out of bed quickly, she was about to open the door when she heard Sebastian’s voice ring out from downstairs. 
“Matt, Ian, bring Vivi down. I’m taking all of you to school.” 
“Alright, Daddy.” 
The brothers led their sister down right away, causing Sasha to heave a sigh of relief.
After washing up leisurely, Sasha changed and headed downstairs. However, there was no sign of the children. All she saw was Lance tidying up the living hall. 
“Sha, you’re awake.” 
“Mmm-hmm. Are you heading to the office today? Please wait for me. I’ll come along with you once I finish breakfast.” 
When Sasha saw that Lance had packed his briefcase, she asked him to wait for her. 
After all, they could carpool to the office since there were only two of them. 
However, Lance shook his head. 
“Sebastian said that he will be driving you there.” 
“Sebastian?” Sasha was surprised. “Why? Didn’t he send the children to school?” 
“He did. He also said that he will return and pick you up. Sha, since it’s rare for him to be so enthusiastic, you should not reject his offer. Anyway, I’m going off first.” 
Picking up his bag, Lance slipped out quickly, leaving Sasha dumbfounded. 
Sebastian wants to send me to work? 
Given how illustrious he is, I’m surprised that he wants to be my driver. 
Sasha was curious at the sudden attention. 
At that moment, Sabrina called. 
“Hello, Sasha? Have you thought of a plan? Where are we going to find tens of billions?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t thought of anything yet,” Sasha snapped after being annoyed by the reminder. 
After all, she had not come up with a plan. 
This involves tens of billions and not just tens or hundreds of millions. Where am I going to find so much money? 
Even if she was a genius in finance, there was no way she could find that amount of money in such a short time. 
“What are we going to do? If you don’t come up with the funds, the share transfer agreements will fall into that jerk’s hands. Do you want to see your man’s assets taken over by another person?” 
“You…” 
Sabrina didn’t mince her words at all. Instead of referring to him as her brother, she called him Sasha’s man instead, causing Sasha to fume. 
After ending the call, she pondered about the situation and decided to make a last-ditch effort to salvage the situation. She called Andy who was at Wall Street in Moranta. 
“Andy, it’s Nancy. I need your help. I wonder if you could lend me ten billion?” 
“What did you just say? Nancy, did you hit yourself on the head?” 
Andy felt that she was crazy to make such a ludicrous request. 
Even she admitted that it was preposterous. 
After ending the call, Sasha felt frustrated the entire morning.
Meanwhile, Sebastian returned after an hour. When he entered the compound, he saw the rare sight of Sasha cupping her face and spacing out by sitting the staircase. 
He was briefly stunned. 
“Darling, what’s wrong? Did something happen? What’s with the grim expression?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha, who had been wallowing in her frustration, finally regained her senses. 
“You’re back. How was the trip to school? Did you have any problems since you haven’t been there in a while?” 
The first thing that came to her mind was to ask about the children. 
Sebastian sat down next to her. 
The glorious afternoon sun reflected off her black hair in a shimmering glaze. Its rays illuminated her exquisite features with its golden rays. 
“No, it’s not like they changed schools. Why would I have problems at the same place?” 
He casually replied while combing her hair. 
Only then was Sasha reassured by his words. 
Although Frederick had kicked his son out and cut off Sebastian’s access to any financial resources, she was relieved that the children were unaffected by it. 
They could continue living their lives without any difficulty.
“What about you? Why are you just sitting there?” 
Suddenly, an idea flashed within Sasha’s mind. She carefully asked, “It’s… nothing. I was just bothered by work. By the way, I have a question for you. When you were in Hayes Corporation, did you ever need to come up with a huge sum of money on short notice?” 
Oh my, how could I forget about him? 
I have one of the savviest businessmen standing right in front of me. Given that he had grown Hayes Corporation to the giant it is today, is there any problem he can’t solve? 
Sasha held her breath in suspense. 
###Chapter 470
Chapter 470
The next day. 
When Sasha woke up, Sebastian was no longer beside her. The morning sun illuminated the room, bathing it with its golden rays. 
What time is it? 
When she tried to move, she realized her body was aching all over, causing her to feel like sleeping in. 
“Mommy, are you awake yet?” 
“Hush, mommy is exhausted from last night. We better not disturb her. Let’s get Daddy to send us to school instead.” 
Outside the door, the children discussed among themselves after having observed the situation briefly. 
Consequently, Sasha blushed when she heard them. 
Getting out of bed quickly, she was about to open the door when she heard Sebastian’s voice ring out from downstairs. 
“Matt, Ian, bring Vivi down. I’m taking all of you to school.” 
“Alright, Daddy.” 
The brothers led their sister down right away, causing Sasha to heave a sigh of relief.
After washing up leisurely, Sasha changed and headed downstairs. However, there was no sign of the children. All she saw was Lance tidying up the living hall. 
“Sha, you’re awake.” 
“Mmm-hmm. Are you heading to the office today? Please wait for me. I’ll come along with you once I finish breakfast.” 
When Sasha saw that Lance had packed his briefcase, she asked him to wait for her. 
After all, they could carpool to the office since there were only two of them. 
However, Lance shook his head. 
“Sebastian said that he will be driving you there.” 
“Sebastian?” Sasha was surprised. “Why? Didn’t he send the children to school?” 
“He did. He also said that he will return and pick you up. Sha, since it’s rare for him to be so enthusiastic, you should not reject his offer. Anyway, I’m going off first.” 
Picking up his bag, Lance slipped out quickly, leaving Sasha dumbfounded. 
Sebastian wants to send me to work? 
Given how illustrious he is, I’m surprised that he wants to be my driver. 
Sasha was curious at the sudden attention. 
At that moment, Sabrina called. 
“Hello, Sasha? Have you thought of a plan? Where are we going to find tens of billions?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t thought of anything yet,” Sasha snapped after being annoyed by the reminder. 
After all, she had not come up with a plan. 
This involves tens of billions and not just tens or hundreds of millions. Where am I going to find so much money? 
Even if she was a genius in finance, there was no way she could find that amount of money in such a short time. 
“What are we going to do? If you don’t come up with the funds, the share transfer agreements will fall into that jerk’s hands. Do you want to see your man’s assets taken over by another person?” 
“You…” 
Sabrina didn’t mince her words at all. Instead of referring to him as her brother, she called him Sasha’s man instead, causing Sasha to fume. 
After ending the call, she pondered about the situation and decided to make a last-ditch effort to salvage the situation. She called Andy who was at Wall Street in Moranta. 
“Andy, it’s Nancy. I need your help. I wonder if you could lend me ten billion?” 
“What did you just say? Nancy, did you hit yourself on the head?” 
Andy felt that she was crazy to make such a ludicrous request. 
Even she admitted that it was preposterous. 
After ending the call, Sasha felt frustrated the entire morning.
Meanwhile, Sebastian returned after an hour. When he entered the compound, he saw the rare sight of Sasha cupping her face and spacing out by sitting the staircase. 
He was briefly stunned. 
“Darling, what’s wrong? Did something happen? What’s with the grim expression?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha, who had been wallowing in her frustration, finally regained her senses. 
“You’re back. How was the trip to school? Did you have any problems since you haven’t been there in a while?” 
The first thing that came to her mind was to ask about the children. 
Sebastian sat down next to her. 
The glorious afternoon sun reflected off her black hair in a shimmering glaze. Its rays illuminated her exquisite features with its golden rays. 
“No, it’s not like they changed schools. Why would I have problems at the same place?” 
He casually replied while combing her hair. 
Only then was Sasha reassured by his words. 
Although Frederick had kicked his son out and cut off Sebastian’s access to any financial resources, she was relieved that the children were unaffected by it. 
They could continue living their lives without any difficulty.
“What about you? Why are you just sitting there?” 
Suddenly, an idea flashed within Sasha’s mind. She carefully asked, “It’s… nothing. I was just bothered by work. By the way, I have a question for you. When you were in Hayes Corporation, did you ever need to come up with a huge sum of money on short notice?” 
Oh my, how could I forget about him? 
I have one of the savviest businessmen standing right in front of me. Given that he had grown Hayes Corporation to the giant it is today, is there any problem he can’t solve? 
Sasha held her breath in suspense. 
###Chapter 471
Chapter 471
Just when both of them were about to leave the café to set their plan in motion, they saw a young couple walk in through the mall entrance. 
“F*ck, why did we have to run into them.” 
Sabrina’s expression was filled with animosity the moment she saw them. 
The look on Sasha’s face was equally grim. 
Averting her gaze, she intended to leave via a different exit with Sabrina. 
“Let’s go from the other side. Don’t let it spoil our plans.” 
“Sure…” 
Sabrina quickly complied which was rare for her. 
Just when they turned their backs, the lady who was with Solomon called out to them suddenly. “Sabrina, it’s a surprise to see you here. Where are you going?” 
The lady was none other than Roxanne. 
Sabrina used to hate Sasha and was on good terms with Roxanne. 
However, ever since Trevor betrayed Sebastian and had gotten their family entangled in an abomination of a marriage alliance, she hated Roxanne’s guts. 
“Ms. Rocke, don’t you dare call my name. I fear that my family will disown me if they find out.” 
“You…” 
Agitated by the insult, Roxanne’s expression darkened.
Standing by the side, Sasha avoided looking at them. However, she could feel an intense gaze being focused on her. 
“So, both of you are in league with each other now? Don’t you hate her anymore? Especially after what she has done to your brother? Instead, both of you seemed to be on good terms?” 
Roxanne finally aimed her fury at Sasha. Every single word she spouted was filled with hatred. 
Nevertheless, it was ironically humorous at the same time. 
What’s wrong with this woman? Did learning medicine cause her to lose her sanity? 
Sasha sneered to herself and didn’t say a word. 
Instead, Sabrina unleashed a tirade. “Are you crazy? How can you accuse her of harming my brother? You and your father are the ones truly responsible for doing this to him.” 
“What did you say?” 
“Enough. Stop arguing. Do you think it’s glamorous to be quarreling in public?” 
Glaring at Roxanne, Solomon chided her, ignoring her pride. 
Roxanne was furious. 
However, not daring to retort, she had no choice but to comply obediently. 
Sabrina sneered at once, “Both of you are really meant for each other—one is a bast*rd while the other a wench. Why didn’t you get together from the very beginning?” 
A second before Roxanne lunged angrily forward, Sasha quickly covered Sabrina’s foul mouth.
“Sabrina! That’s enough. Don’t forget who you are. If you get into a fight, people will recognize you while your dad will disown you!” 
Sasha admonished her at once. 
Only then did Sabrina stop. 
I am lost for words at the things that could come out from her mouth… 
Meanwhile, Solomon grabbed onto Roxanne to restrain her. He had wanted to leave with her but coincidentally, the jewelry shop owner they were supposed to meet came over. 
“Mr. George, Ms. Rocke, it’s a surprise to see you here. I assumed both of you were no longer coming. Now that you’re here, would you like to see the diamond ring together?” 
It was now evident that they were there to check out their engagement ring. 
Solomon’s expression drastically changed. 
The first thing he did was look in Sasha’s direction. 
However, he was disappointed by what he saw. 
Sasha didn’t react at all. Instead, she was dragging Sabrina away and persuading her to leave. It was as if she had not heard the exchange. 
“What’s wrong? Are you sad that she has no reaction at all?” Roxanne sneered in a bout of jealousy. 
She had noticed that his gaze had been fixated on Sasha instead of her. 
Although she didn’t love Solomon, she still felt slighted by the fact that he was pining for Sasha.
Behind his specs, Solomon glared fiercely at her. 
“Watch your words!” 
“My words? Mr. George, don’t think that I’m not aware of your history with her. Why don’t I test her reaction to your nuptial arrangement on your behalf?” 
With that, she ordered the jewelry store boss to bring the diamond ring to them. 
“Bring it here?” the boss gasped. “Are you sure it’s a good idea? After all, it’s a custom-made ring that’s exceptionally expensive.” 
“What are you afraid of? Good things are meant to be shared. Go and get it now. I want to show it to everyone.” 
Finally, the boss went to retrieve it. 
The jeweler was among the best in the city. 
Although it wasn’t as prestigious as foreign brands, its luxurious pieces were highly sought after by local socialites. 
When the boss brought down the engagement rings, a crowd gathered to take a look.
###Chapter 472
Chapter 472
“My God! It’s a custom-made DS luxury piece. Let’s go and have a look.” 
“Mmm-hmm. It seems to be a pair of diamond rings. Wow! I’m so envious. I heard their diamond rings can only be ordered once in a lifetime and cost a bomb. Due to their unique designs, they are the dream of every newlywed couple. 
“Exactly…” 
The excitement in the crowd intensified when they heard that it was a diamond ring. Within just a few seconds, an envious crowd swelled around Roxanne. 
Sasha finally took notice. 
“What’s going on?” 
“Who cares?” Sabrina snapped in a foul mood. 
However, her expression changed the moment she saw the jewelry store boss revealing two sparkling diamond rings. 
“F*ck!” 
While everyone was gasping in awe, Sabrina swore instead. 
“The despicable duo actually ordered engagement rings from DS? Are they trying to show off to us that they are getting married?” Sabrina ranted. 
Unfortunately, her words were true. 
Sasha’s face turned sullen but not because of their marriage alliance.
After all, it had absolutely nothing to do with her. 
Instead, she was concerned that if someone had recognized them, it would cause Sebastian to be the talk of the town again. 
“Let’s go now before we cause any trouble for Sebastian.” 
Stomping her feet, Sabrina finally suppressed her anger and prepared to leave. 
Just when they were about to do so, Roxanne called out from the crowd. 
“My dear sisters-in-law, the rings have been brought down here. Why don’t you help us take a look and see if you think they are beautiful?” 
The crowd exclaimed in surprise as they turned their attention toward Sasha and Sabrina. 
Sisters-in-law? 
Both of them suddenly felt as if they had been struck by lightning. 
Did we hear her wrong? Did she just call out to us? How disgusting can she be? 
Both of them were nauseated by Roxanne’s actions. 
However, the crowd had noticed the two of them after Roxanne had greeted them warmly. 
This included the boss of the jewelry store. 
“Ms. Hayes, it’s a surprise to see you here!” 
He emerged from the crowd with an excited expression, even more so than when he saw Solomon and Roxanne.
After all, Sabrina was the famous lady of the Hayes family, renowned for being arrogant and domineering. In fact, unlike those whose status was elevated because of overnight riches or fame, Sabrina was well known the day she was born. 
When everyone heard the boss’ words, all of them were thrilled by Sabrina’s presence. 
“My God! It really is Sabrina! The legendary lady of the Hayes family!” 
“That’s right. Oh my! I have never seen her in person before. Let me take some photos.” 
With the crowd in an uproar, many of them took out their phones and snapped furiously. 
Sabrina seethed in response. 
To avoid being photographed, she raised her hand to cover her face while staggering backward. 
Sasha’s expression was equally sullen. 
At a crucial time like this, Sabrina couldn’t allow herself to be photographed. If she was pushed into the limelight, her family’s controversy would also be dragged out alongside her. 
Hence, Sasha quickly shielded Sabrina’s face for her. 
“Wait, who’s that lady? Why is she stopping us from taking photos?” 
The crowd was incensed. 
Glaring at Sasha, they began to berate her and speculate about her identity. 
“The lady who ordered the engagement ring seems to have referred to her as her sister-in-law?” 
“Sister-in-law?”
Feeling a chill running down her spine, Sasha could sense the impending dread. 
“Given that she knows Sabrina and is shopping for an engagement ring, is she the fiancée of the second son of the Hayes family? The one who has reappeared out of nowhere?” 
“My God, in that case… the lady whom she has referred to as her sister-in-law must be the previous Hayes Corporation president’s wife!” 
Evidently, someone had pieced together the relationship. 
At that very moment, a loud gasp was heard among the crowd. Everyone looked at Sasha, filled with shock and disbelief. 
The second son of the Hayes family. 
Ever since Solomon had returned to the Hayes, Frederick had referred to him in public as such. 
At the end of the day, Frederick couldn’t bring himself to deny their awkward relationship. Hence, he publicly acknowledged Solomon’s identity despite him being his illegitimate son. From then on, Solomon was now known in Avenport as a Hayes. 
However, the crowd wasn’t shocked to see him and his fiancée. 
Instead, they were stunned by Sasha’s presence. 
After all, she was Sebastian’s wife. 
The man who was the de-facto king of the city. The same man that every woman dreamed of marrying. Holding immense power and authority, he was the epitome of the perfect husband. 
However, no woman succeeded in catching his eye throughout the years, until he met the down-to- earth woman standing right before them.
Why is she worthy?
###Chapter 473
Chapter 473
“Who is she? How did she become the woman of someone so illustrious?” 
“Exactly? What makes her so special? She looks ordinary to me. Perhaps, she knows witchcraft?” 
“That must be it. Or else, why would Sebastian leave Hayes Corporation all of a sudden? Given how young and talented he is, it’s really strange for him to resign from such a high position.” 
Within a few short minutes, the crowd was filled with animosity toward Sasha. 
They suspected that she had used some kind of sorcery to manipulate him into her grasp. 
As a result, Sasha was infuriated by their snide comments. 
However, Roxanne gloated over her predicament. 
She hurried over to the boss’ side. “That’s right. I’m surprised that you know Sabrina.” 
“Of course, she is the lady of the Hayes family.” 
The boss nodded with a smile, unaware of Roxanne’s purpose for saying it. 
Roxanne’s grin widened in response. 
She was now a different person. The Roxanne of old never liked wearing dresses. Instead, she would wear casual clothing that made it easier for her to conduct research in her lab. 
But now, she liked to dress flamboyantly, just like how Xandra used to be. 
“That’s wonderful. Please show my sister-in-law the ring.” 
“Sister-in-law?”
“Yes, she’s the one.” Roxanne pointed toward Sasha. 
“She is Sebastian’s wife. I’m sure you know who he is. But, they have yet to hold a wedding ceremony. If she happens to like the diamond ring, you might be able to secure a new customer.” 
Smiling vibrantly, Roxanne pretended to introduce a business opportunity to the boss. 
The crowd, together with the boss, were elated. 
After all, everyone in the city, young and old, knew Sebastian Hayes. 
Sebastian was the pride of the city. Whenever his name was mentioned, it would command respect. 
Is that woman really his wife? 
Why didn’t they hold a wedding? 
Given that he was the illustrious president of Hayes Corporation, why did he choose not to? Even though he has now left the company, he is still a member of the Hayes family. Therefore, it would be irresponsible for him to act so casually. 
What does it mean? 
Does it imply that he isn’t keen on marrying her? 
Or, is it a sign that the marriage was a part of her scheme? After all, there used to be tons of women racking their brains to find ways to marry him. 
Many of them sneered at her. 
Given that they were jealous, it somehow made them feel better about themselves when they stared at her with contempt.
One by one, their expressions reflect the disdain, mockery, and resentment they felt for her. 
Amidst the stares, Sasha’s face turn pale. 
However, it wasn’t because of the crowd’s ridicule. Instead, Roxanne had brought up a sore point of hers. 
The engagement ring! 
Evidently, after being married to Sebastian for so many years, he had never bought one for her. 
Despite it being a symbol of everlasting love and a token of his love for her, she never received one. The wedding ring she wore back then was bought by Frederick instead. 
Consequently, her fingers gradually clenched. 
Despite being reluctant to admit it, her heart felt a sting over something she had not given much thought to. 
Little by little, the pain gradually grew. 
“Are you sad because he has never presented you with a ring before? Let me tell you. I have received two from him. The first one was when he planned to marry me when he was twenty-two, while the second one was last year when we got engaged. He personally chose that one for me. Sasha, do you even have any?” 
At the crucial moment, Roxanne step forward and whispered those words into Sasha’s ear, as if she was the devil himself. 
Sasha swooned in response.
He gave her a ring at twenty-two. 
During that time, I was still foolishly writing to him while he was overseas. 
As a suffocating sensation began to swell from the depths of her heart, her face had lost all color. 
“Roxanne, what are you doing? Stay away from us!” 
Having regained her senses, Sabrina lunged forward and pushed Roxanne away. 
Meanwhile, when Solomon saw that events were unfolding in a way he didn’t intend, his expression darkened. 
“Roxanne, that’s enough madness for one day. Now, let’s go!” 
“Madness?” 
Roxanne laughed heartily. “Since when am I crazy? Solomon, didn’t you see it for yourself? I have gotten the answer for you. After clinging onto Sebastian for such a long time, she has never received an engagement ring. Hence, don’t you worry, you still stand a chance.” 
Sasha trembled violently. 
However, there was nothing she could retort against what Roxanne had said. 
After all, the fact was she didn’t have a ring. 
Furthermore, it was the reason that she still felt uncertain that he truly loved her. Or, the fact that he really wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. 
At that moment, the sneers around her got louder.
###Chapter 474
Chapter 474
“Look, that woman’s words hit the nail on the head. She must have used unscrupulous methods to become a daughter-in-law of the Hayes.” 
“What daughter-in-law? It’s not even a done deal yet. She should stop dreaming.” 
“Haha…” 
Closing her eyes, Sasha could feel the excruciating pain in her heart. Her fists were clenched so tightly that her nails dug into her palms. 
“Sasha?” 
“I’m fine. Let’s go,” she quipped before turning around to leave. 
Sabrina didn’t know what to say. 
“Who said I didn’t buy one for her? Am I obliged to show you whatever I bought for my wife?” 
Just when everyone was laughing mockingly at Sasha and waiting for her to scurry away, a deep and magnetic voice reverberated through the mall. 
Instantly, everyone, including Roxanne, turned to look. 
Despair seized her when she saw a tall lanky figure. Despite the cold, he was dressed in a thin black tailored shirt and with a pair of tapered pants that revealed his ankles. His outfit accentuated the perfect ratio of his body composition. 
Although his gaze was gentler than it used to be, it did not diminish his dignified and commanding presence in any way. 
The moment he appeared, the crowd gasped in awe.
Sebastian Hayes! 
The most famous man of Avenport is here! 
Roxanne’s face turned white as sheet. 
As for Sasha, she stared blankly at Sebastian. 
“Mr. Hayes, it’s really you! It’s been a long while.” 
When the boss saw Sebastian, he hurried over in an ingratiating manner, as if he was about to drop to his knees and grovel. 
However, Sebastian ignored him and walked toward Sasha instead. 
“Are you angry?” 
“Huh?” Sasha’s mind was blank. “No… not really.” 
Feeling guilty, Sebastian tousled her hair and sighed. 
“I’m sorry. Before this, I felt that there was no need to be romantic since our children were so big. Hence, I didn’t buy a ring. Instead, I bought the entire company on both you and the children’s behalf as an investment. I hope you won’t mind?” 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
“Of course, if you do, I can sell it off. Although DS isn’t an international brand, the proceeds from the sale would be more than enough to buy a blue diamond. 
Sasha’s heart melted at his words.
As for the crowd, all of them caught their breath when they heard Sebastian’s words. Falling silent, everyone gaped at what had just happened. 
While ordinary people buy diamonds, Sebastian purchases the entire jewelry store. 
Instead of buying an engagement ring, he presented the store to his wife as an investment. If she didn’t like it, he would sell it and buy a rare blue diamond for her. 
Damn it, what kind of ridiculous relationship is this? 
All the ladies present were filled with jealousy. Even Sabrina’s hand was trembling from the shock. 
“Sebastian, enough. Don’t forget we’re in public. So, you better mellow down your sweet nothings.” 
“I’m just declaring my love for my wife.” 
“You…” 
Sabrina almost burst a vessel. 
Meanwhile, Solomon and Roxanne looked equally sullen. 
Roxanne felt especially devastated because her meticulous plan to humiliate Sasha had backfired terribly on her. 
She had never experienced such treatment from him before. 
Despite the fact that he relied on her and obeyed her for the duration of his eight-year treatment, she realized that it didn’t mean he loved and accepted her at all.
Only when he did something of his own accord solely for a person’s sake could one say that he truly cared for that person. 
Consequently, the brand, DS, had a meaning behind it. 
It was short for “Dear Sasha”. 
Only then did she realize that her assumption of her being the one to reject his advances back then was wrong. 
Roxanne’s face had lost all color. 
At the same time, the animosity she felt when she saw the happy couple began to overwhelm her. 
The matter was finally concluded with Sebastian’s appearance. 
As for the bystanders, all of them left heartbroken after hearing his touching words and seeing how loving they were in each other’s presence. 
As Sasha watch them disperse, she remarked, “Luckily, no one we know is here.” 
“What?” 
“If someone we knew was here, they would likely have seen through your lie.” After glancing at the jewelry store boss, she let out a cheeky smile. 
Sebastian was jolted. 
Does this silly gal not believe me? 
Why is that so? Is it because I’m no longer at Hayes Corporation? That’s why she thinks I can’t afford such a gift?
Or perhaps, I have hurt her so much that she would never believe that I was hers from the very beginning.
###Chapter 475
Chapter 475
Feeling guilty, Sebastian had no choice but to turn toward the jewelry store boss. 
“Bring me the store’s business license.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
The boss ran back to the store at once. 
A few minutes later, Sasha saw the boss return with the business license in his hand while panting heavily. 
When she saw who the legal owner of the store was, she was stunned. 
My God! My name is right there! 
By the time she left, she still felt giddy as if she was still in a dream. 
When did he present me with a jewelry store? 
Given how turbulent their relationship was and how much he used to hate her, she didn’t even dare hope to receive a diamond ring, let alone an entire jewelry store. 
So when did he prepare the gift? 
Sasha was filled with turbulent emotions. 
No matter when he had prepared the gift, she couldn’t deny the ecstasy in her heart. 
The sensation she felt was similar to getting an answer to a burning question she had for years. Every fiber of her body was filled with delight. 
“Thank you.” Beaming, she lowered her head in coy delight.
“Why are you thanking me? You are my wife after all. Isn’t it expected of me to present you something? Just remember, whatever I have is yours, including my entire being.” 
His last sentence was the ultimate declaration of love. 
Even Roxanne staggered backward in shock. 
After that, she stared daggers at both of them before running away with a grimace on her face. 
Solomon was equally shaken. 
He felt as if he had just been brutally slapped in the face. Even though what he did to Sasha was unforgivable, he still harbored the fantasy that they could still be together. 
After all, he assumed that he still had a place in her heart. 
Moreover, given how much Sebastian had hurt her, their bond had likely been weakened. 
But now, he was obviously proven wrong. 
“In that case… why don’t we go home? Why did you come suddenly? Aren’t you supposed to be home?” 
“I’m here for grocery shopping. This is the largest mall nearby and has the best selection available.” 
“That’s true.” 
“Mmm-hmm. Shall we go together?” Sebastian pinched her nose affectionately. 
She really is gullible.
Despite looking clueless, she sometimes surprises me with a stroke of genius. Nevertheless, I can’t call her smart as she can be too easy to fool sometimes. 
Is it because she lets her guard down when she’s with me? 
In the end, Sebastian and she left the mall holding hands. 
Consequently, Sabrina stomped her feet in anger. “Damn it. Am I invisible to both of you? Why aren’t you inviting me to join you?” 
Both of them ignored her as if they were oblivious to her presence. 
Bursting a vessel, Sabrina had no choice but to leave on her own. 
As for Solomon, he too left in a miserable mood. 
“Mr. George, Sinch Enterprise has sent someone to see you. He is waiting in your office,” the receptionist informed Solomon when he returned to the president’s office at Hayes Corporation. 
Solomon’s expression darkened in response. 
However, he had no choice but to enter. 
“Mr. George, you’re back. I’m here on behalf of the chairman and his wife.” 
Just as expected, Solomon saw a bespectacled middle-aged Jetroinian man standing up to greet him. 
However, he didn’t look like he came on friendly terms. 
The chairman? 
Mr. Tsurka?
Solomon’s expression grew solemn. Pulling out his tie, he threw it onto the table in frustration. 
“What is so important that the Tsurka family needs to send someone as important as you over?” 
“No, Mr. George, you have misunderstood. Mr. and Mrs. Tsurka are just worried that you are unable to cope with your role at Hayes Corporation. Hence, they have sent me to help you. 
The man’s tone remained cordial. 
Furrowing his eyebrows, Solomon lifted his gaze at the Jetroinian. “What is the meaning of this?” 
“Mr. George, when Mr. Tsurka heard that your assistant was killed by Sebastian, he was worried about the foundation of your strength. Hence, you can leave this matter to me.” 
After glaring ferociously at the Jetroinian for a long time, Solomon finally asked, “What are you trying to do? Hiro’s death was just an accident. You had better not mess around.” 
“Mr. George, is it really? Hiro has served you for many years but died because of your desire for a woman. Mr. and Mrs. Tsurka agree that love and loyalty may be something good, but not to the extent of not knowing where the boundaries lie…” 
The Jetroinian’s last sentence sounded like a dire warning which sent a chill down Solomon’s spine. 
Widening his eyes, he glared at the Jetroinian with murderous intent. 
“Ken, be forewarned. Don’t mess around with me, or I will make sure you regret it!”
###Chapter 476
Chapter 476
“Mr. George, your efforts would be better focused on the company’s shareholder meeting which is in ten days. That’s when the Hayes Corporation will announce its reorganization to the public. I hope you will not let Mr. and Mrs. Tsurka down then.” 
With that, the Jetroinian turned and left. 
Solomon was stumped. 
After a long while, a loud bang was heard from the president’s office, as if something had been smashed onto the ground. 
The noise terrified everyone outside. 
Two days later. 
Sasha had received the huge amount of funds that Andy had sent. In her excitement, she went to see Sabrina at once. 
“I’ve gotten the money. Have you convinced your dad?” 
“I tried, but he disagrees!” Sabrina replied bitterly. 
Disagree? 
Why would he do that? Does he really intend to lose Hayes Corporation to someone else? 
Or perhaps, he is blinded by the trust he has for his bast*rd son? 
Sasha fumed, “Why? Didn’t you make it clear to him?” 
“I did!”
“So why doesn’t he agree? Isn’t he going overboard with this? They are both his sons after all. Must he draw a line between them?” 
“Huh…” 
Sabrina felt equally indignant but had no other ideas. 
As Hayes Corporation was a listed multinational, any transfer of shares required the consent of its largest shareholder. 
So, what’s the point in raising so much money? 
Sasha felt disheartened. 
“Perhaps, I can steal his seal and ID,” Sabrina quipped out of desperation. 
Steal? 
That might work. 
With hope burning brightly within her, Sasha’s eyes lit up. “Is it possible?” 
Sabrina knitted her eyebrows. “I’m not sure, but I can try. Why don’t you come home with me? That way, you can keep a lookout.” 
Sasha fell silent as she wasn’t sure whether to agree. 
She had never stolen anything in her life before and was naturally worried about getting caught. We would be finished! 
“I…”
“Look, you keep insisting that you’re doing all this for my brother. But yet, why are you turning me down when I’m only asking you to keep watch? I’m the one that’s stealing, not you. I would be the one held responsible if we get caught.” 
Before Sasha could finish, Sabrina ranted away. 
Sasha’s face turned pale in response. 
I’m not afraid. I just think that this isn’t well thought out. In fact, it might even jeopardize all the work that we have done. 
In the end, both of them headed to the Hayes residence. 
“Oh? Dad isn’t home. What a coincidence!” 
They were delighted to see that Frederick’s Rolls-Royce wasn’t there when they arrived. 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief. 
In truth, she was afraid of entering due to her awkward status. Although she was a daughter-in-law of the Hayes family, her husband had been kicked out by them. 
Hence, she quickly followed Sabrina inside. 
The moment they entered, they were surprised by the atmosphere. 
Unlike in the past where it would always be lively, the house was so quiet that it felt deserted. 
“What happened here? Why is your house so empty?” 
“Why are you even surprised? Robert and his mom moved out while my cousins have refused to visit after my dad chased Sebastian out. So, wouldn’t it naturally be quiet?”
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
Sabrina meant Ethan’s children. 
Sasha had assumed they were simply leeches who lived off Hayes Corporation. 
Hence, she was surprised to see them stand by Sebastian’s side at the crucial moment. 
Meanwhile, Sasha followed Sabrina inside. 
She had assumed that they would be heading for Frederick’s bedroom. However, she was surprised when Sabrina led her past it and went to the backyard instead. 
“Why are you going that way? Isn’t your dad’s stuff in his room?” 
“Of course not. How can one leave something so important in the bedroom? It must be in the memorial hall.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was stunned. 
Memorial hall? 
Isn’t that the place where they keep items belonging to their forefathers? Why would those things be there? 
Sasha didn’t get it. 
However, she would have understood if only she knew that only a member of the Hayes family was allowed to enter.
Furthermore, the memorial hall wasn’t just an ordinary building. It was enclosed on all sides. Downstairs was where all the photos and portraits were placed while the upstairs was a lot more complicated than she could imagine. 
Knowing her way around, Sabrina led Sasha toward the building entrance. 
“Alright. It’s somewhere here. You keep a lookout at the door while I search the inside. 
“Huh?” 
The small building send a chill down Sasha’s spine. 
My God, is she really going in there? 
Aren’t we not allowed to enter this place? 
When she first moved in after she got married, Frederick had clearly forbidden her from going in there. Hence, no one was allowed to even straddle near the place. 
Therefore, despite staying there for a year, she had never even gone near the small building. 
But now, Sabrina was going to steal something from inside. 
When Sasha tried to grab Sabrina by reflex, she was too late.
###Chapter 477
Chapter 477
In a blink of an eye, Sabrina had taken off her earrings and started picking the lock with it. 
Click! The door unlocked. 
Just when Sabrina was about to enter, she reminded Sasha, “Alright. I’ll go in while you keep watch here. Oh, you had better find a place to hide, just so that no one sees you here.” 
Given how quickly events were unfolding, Sasha had no choice but to agree. 
After closing the door behind Sabrina, she found a spot to hide. 
As time ticked by, she began to worry as Sabrina had yet to come out after being inside for a long time. 
What made matters worse was that someone had come over. 
“Strange. Why is the door opened?” 
“Oh? Let’s go in quickly and check. Mr. Hayes is about to come home. It would be troublesome if he finds out.” 
The moment she heard the frantic exchange, it was quickly followed by the sound of footsteps entering. 
What? 
Mr. Hayes is coming back soon? 
Sasha retreated in panic. She planned to avoid them and find a way to inform Sabrina. 
However, she suddenly heard a loud thump coming from inside the building. 
What’s going on?
Did something happen to Sabrina? 
Sasha turned pale at once. When she saw the maid approach, she dashed into the building without thinking. 
After that, she shut the door tightly behind her. 
The moment it was closed, no one outside could see what was going on inside. 
After she saw the maid leave from the keyhole, she turned around and scrutinized the place as it was her first time in there. 
“Whew…” 
“Who is it?” 
The sound of someone breathing caused Sasha to break out in cold sweat. 
However, after gasping in shock, she realized that there was no one around. 
Instead, the plaques that filled the memorial hall and were illuminated by a dim light sent a shiver down her spine. 
This place is really spooky. 
Gulping, Sasha forced herself to calm down. 
After that, she glanced upstairs and began tip-toeing upward in search of Sabrina. 
“Sabrina? Sabrina? Where are you?” 
Silence greeted her instead.
When she arrived upstairs, it was just as eerie. She could hear nothing else other than her own breath. 
Where’s Sabrina? Where did she go? 
Standing on the second floor with all the windows shut, Sasha scanned the surroundings quickly. 
She was shocked to see that the second floor was a complete bedroom. It had a bed, table, and even a dresser. 
However, they seemed to have been there for a long time due to the amount of dust covering them. Also, the furniture design was from a different era and looked like antiques instead. 
Who lived here? 
Gradually walking forward, she noticed that there were a few pieces of paper scattered over the dresser. 
What are these? 
She picked them up. 
“Birth certificates?” 
She was stunned. 
Why are there birth certificates here? Moreover, they look to be in the old format. 
Looking curiously at the faded piece of paper, she saw the name Shin Jadeson in the father’s column. In the mother’s column, it was written: Frieda Soprano. 
Frieda Soprano?
Shin Jadeson, what a strange name. I have never come across it before and don’t know anyone by that name. 
However, the name Margaret Soprano rang a few bells. 
Isn’t Sebastian’s mom’s surname Soprano? 
Can it be her? 
She almost said it out loud. 
However, she quickly dispelled the idea after giving it some thought. She recalled that although Sebastian’s mom’s surname was Soprano, she wasn’t called Frieda. 
Instead, her name was Margaret. 
So who is this woman? 
Just when she was baffled, she suddenly heard a loud crash that reverberated throughout the building. 
“Who is it?” 
After stuffing the papers into her clothes, she ran toward where the sound had come from. 
Finally, she was shocked to see Sabrina lying on the floor. Beside her leg, something seemed to be chewing on her toes. 
“Ah…” 
She screamed! 
Sasha had gone missing.
When she didn’t turn up for lunch with Sebastian as agreed, he realized something was amiss. 
“Mr. Hayes, I found out that Mrs. Hayes went to meet Ms. Sabrina.” 
“Again? Ever since she came back, she seemed to have changed. Why does she keep meeting Sasha? Have both of them grown closer now?” 
Sebastian ranted the moment he heard that his sister had invited Sasha out. 
Karl had no choice but to listen quietly. 
It wasn’t a few minutes later when one of their scouts returned with information. 
“What did you say? They went to the Hayes residence?” 
“Yes. But we don’t know what they were doing there as we weren’t able to enter. All we could do was keep the house under surveillance. However, we have yet to see them come out.” 
Karl’s expression drastically changed in response.
###Chapter 478
Chapter 478
What are they doing at the Hayes residence? 
It definitely must be something stupid. 
Of all the ideas Ms. Sabrina could have thought of, she had to go with the dumbest one. 
If Frederick finds out, she would definitely get her brother into more trouble. 
Karl was exasperated. 
At that moment, another messenger approached them. 
“There’s trouble, Mr. Frost. Mr. Hayes has returned.” 
“What?” 
Karl sprang to his feet in shock. 
“I’m going to kill her!” 
At the same moment, Sebastian, who was already fuming, smashed his fist onto the table. Kicking the door open, he stormed out. 
Karl quickly followed behind. 
Twenty minutes later, they arrived at the Hayes residence. 
Just as expected, Sebastian saw the Rolls-Royce parked outside. 
With a sullen look on his face, he got out of his car and prepared to storm in.
The moment Sebastian entered, he saw Frederick with his walking stick, as if he was already expecting him. Moreover, Frederick had someone carry a lady behind him as he walked up to the entrance. 
“You’re finally here,” Frederick greeted Sebastian indifferently. 
Sebastian scowled in response before recovering his gaze from the lady behind Frederick. 
“What happened to her?” 
“She’s alright. It’s just that she had sneaked into the memorial hall. Sebastian, it seems you have grown more brazen. How dare you steal from me after I asked you to leave Hayes Corporation?” 
“What did you say?” 
The moment he heard Frederick’s words, Sebastian was outraged. 
However, Frederick was unfazed and responded with a look of disappointment. 
“Am I wrong? Both of them would never dare steal from the memorial hall without your permission. Sebastian, I never imagined you to be someone like that. You’re nothing but a hypocrite. If you were unwilling, you should have been upfront with me about that. Why did you need to involve those two women in your scheme?” 
Frederick’s last sentence was ruthless. 
Meanwhile, when Karl, who had just arrived, saw the fury swelling within Sebastian, he dashed forward at once. 
“Mr. Hayes, calm down!” 
However, all he got in response was a pair of bloodshot eyes.
I have to stop this. 
In a desperate attempt, Karl grabbed Sebastian’s arm and bellowed, “Mr. Hayes, Mrs. Hayes is still inside. She is still waiting for you!” 
Only then, did he see the murderous intent Sebastian was emitting gradually subside. 
As someone who had served Sebastian for a long time, Karl naturally knew what he would be triggered by. 
There is no way he would covet Hayes Corporation. 
He is simply too egoistic. The fact that he can easily dish out ten billion after being removed from Hayes Corporation means that he still has the capability to build another empire. 
Furthermore, he is a proud man. He would rather die of hunger than accept any pity. 
Therefore, Frederick has no basis to ridicule him at all. 
How well does he know his son? 
After Sebastian carried Sasha over, Karl didn’t dare to linger a second longer. The moment both of them got into the car, he slammed on the accelerator and sped off. 
He was worried that the matter would escalate further. 
A few hours later at the Wand residence. 
By the time Sasha was awaked, it was already nightfall.
When she opened her eyes and saw the dim yellow light over her head, she was puzzled as to what had happened. 
It took her awhile for the memories to rush back into her head, after which she was jolted up from bed. 
“You’re finally awake. It’s been a tough one.” 
Coincidentally, Lance entered the room. 
Somehow, she could detect the strange tone in his voice. It no longer contained the usual deference he had for her. 
At that moment, Sasha had a sudden realization. 
Ignoring his attitude, she frantically asked, “How did I come back? Who brought me here?” 
“Other than Sebastian, who else can it be? Sha, what were you thinking? How could you have done such a thing? Do you know how furious Sebastian was when he brought you back?” 
Having no intention of listening to his lecture, Sasha jumped out of bed and began looking for Sebastian. 
However, she was disappointed to not see anyone else in the house, including the children. 
Is he angry? 
Does he not want to see me? He isn’t even here, and he has taken the kids with him. 
Panicked, Sasha wanted to start searching outside. 
Suddenly, she heard a child’s voice from the outside. “Finally, we’re home. Ian, help me. It’s too heavy for me.”
“No one asked you to choose such a big one. Obviously, you deserve it.” 
“Wah…” 
Sasha dashed out of the house at once.
###Chapter 479
Chapter 479
She was relieved to see the three children outside. At that moment, Vivian was carrying a huge watermelon and could barely hold it. 
Hence, she was pleading with her brothers to help her. 
Finally, Ian relented and carried the watermelon into the house. 
After that, he knowingly led his siblings upstairs, leaving his parents in the yard to sort things out. 
“Sebby, are you… angry? I’m sorry. It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have done that. I…” 
Sebastian, whose hands were filled with groceries, hardly showed his displeasure. 
However, his expression was still frosty. In fact, he didn’t look at her when he plainly replied, “No.” 
With that, he went straight into the house with the groceries. 
Sasha’s face turned pale. 
And yet, he says that he isn’t angry. 
She ran after him at once. 
“Sebby, l-let me explain. I didn’t do it on purpose. I-it’s just that… after Peter gave me the share transfer agreement, Sabrina came to see me. Since I didn’t want to see what you have built given away to others, I… I went along with Sabrina’s plan.” 
Just like a guilty child, she continued following him from behind. 
However, Sebastian ignored her completely. 
After he entered the kitchen, he began sorting out the groceries and preparing the ingredients.
She felt as if she was invisible to him. 
As her eyes reddened, she wondered what she could do to pacify him. 
“Sebby, don’t be angry, alright? I have regretted my actions.” Left without a choice, she reached out her hands to hug him from behind. 
If it was any other time, he would have been delighted. 
But this time, with her hands outstretched, she saw him raise his hands from the sink to stop her. “Out you go. Or else, you will dirty your clothes.” 
She was dumbfounded. 
After glancing at him with tears whirling in her eyes, she pouted before leaving the kitchen. 
Evidently, she had messed up big time given how angry he was. 
Having returned to the inner courtyard, Sasha sat on the steps in frustration. 
“Mommy? Stupid Mommy?” 
“Huh?” 
With her hands cupping her face, Sasha lifted her gaze and noticed her three children waving at her. 
What are they… 
When she saw the disappointed look on their faces, she gradually picked herself up and went upstairs. 
“What do you want?”
“We want to help you, of course. Mommy, you have gone overboard this time. After Daddy brought you back, he was so angry that he asked Mr. Karl to give him a jab.” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s face lost all color. 
Currently, Sebastian was taking meds to treat his condition. 
However, to have needed an injection, it was evident that his emotions were extremely volatile. 
Suddenly, Sasha felt worse about herself. “I made a bad decision. I thought I could help him but ended up making things worse.” 
“That’s why you have to do your best to pacify him this time,” Matteo suggested. After all, he was good at thinking on his feet. 
Pacify? 
When Sasha recalled what had occurred in the kitchen, she frowned. “It’s useless. Daddy is giving me the cold shoulder.” 
“Given how grave your mistake was, of course, he is ignoring you. You have to come up with a special plan.” 
“Special plan? What kind of special plan?” 
“Such as making dinner for him or going somewhere together. Also, you can use your beauty to enchant him too.” 
For some strange reason, Matteo spoke like a true vixen.
Mesmerize him with my beauty? 
Sasha’s blushed at once. 
“What do you mean by enchanting him? Matt, what nonsense are you spouting?” 
“Mommy, I’m just telling you as it is. I don’t know why every man seems to like their wives to seduce them. Ian, don’t you agree?” 
“Mmm-hmm!” 
Sasha couldn’t believe the usually serious Ian would agree to a statement like that. 
Utterly embarrassed, she didn’t know what to say. 
Finally, with her face flushed red, she fled at the first opportunity. 
How did those little devils know about such things? They’re still kids! And yet they know about seduction? 
Sasha felt like drowning in embarrassment. 
Nevertheless, after dinner, she got Lance to do the dishes while the kids went back upstairs to play on their own. 
As for her, she hurried back to the bedroom. 
Half an hour later, Sebastian came up. 
The moment he opened the door, he saw her in a black silk nightie. 
“There… you are.”
She was extremely nervous. 
After all, she had never worn something so revealing before. Standing in front of him, she felt so skittish that she didn’t know where to put her hands. 
The moment she saw him, the blush on her cheeks intensified. Her frantic gaze was tinged with coy submission. 
Sebastian expression darkened. 
Oh no, what is she trying to pull here? Is she trying to apologize with her body given that words had failed her?
###Chapter 480
Chapter 480
“Oh, I just wanted to charge my phone.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was stunned. 
Charge his phone? Isn’t he planning to go to bed? 
Sasha stared blankly at him as he went to get his charger. His gaze fell upon her for a fleeting moment when he entered. And that was the only time he looked at her. 
At that moment, she felt as if he had poured cold water on her, dousing the anticipation she had. 
What am I going to do now? 
Even seduction has failed me. 
This is the first time I have put on this dress. Furthermore, I have never worn anything this skimpy in front of him. How can he… not have any reaction at all? 
Feeling slighted, Sasha collapsed onto the bed with her nose burning. 
Unbeknown to her, right after Sebastian left the room, he hurried to his study and downed a big glass of iced water. 
Da*n her! 
When he returned to the bedroom an hour later, she was already asleep. 
Hugging a pillow, she curled up in a corner, just like an abandoned kitten. When he went over to her side, he could still see her butterfly-like eyelashes moist from tears.
“I’m sorry…” 
Sobbing in her sleep, she continued to apologize. 
What a fool. 
Unable to keep it up any longer, he lay down beside her and hugged her tight. 
“It’s alright,” he murmured. 
“Let’s leave this place, shall we? We can leave everything behind. We’re still young and can build a new life someplace else. What do you think?” 
He whispered into her ear in a pleading tone. 
Worried that he would be driven mad if he stayed any longer, he was filled with the urge to leave. 
All this while, he had assumed his ruthlessness and power would make him invincible. However, when the truth was laid before him, he was unable to behave indifferently. 
It’s probably because I’m not cruel enough. 
Both of them hugged each other to sleep. 
The next day, when Sasha woke up, Sebastian was already gone. 
As she gradually came to her senses, she was delighted when she felt the residual warmth beside her. However, when she saw that her nightie was still intact, her heart sank. 
She was devastated that he had not made advances on her.
When she went downstairs, she realized Sebastian and the kids weren’t at home. After checking with Lance, he told her that Sebastian had sent the children to school. 
Why didn’t he wake me up? Is he avoiding me? 
After that, Sasha went to her office feeling depressed. 
While she was there, she received a call from Sabrina. 
“F*ck! Are you alright? Did my brother yell at you yesterday?” 
Looks like she still has a conscience by asking about me before ranting at me. 
Sasha felt worse after hearing Sabrina’s question. “Your brother is giving me the cold shoulder…” 
“Huh? Ignoring you?” 
Sabrina felt terribly guilty. “What are we going to do then? He is capable of doing anything whenever he is angry. In fact, he can even ignore someone for years.” 
“What? Years?” 
“Of course. Am I not the best example? He sent me on exile just because we quarreled.” 
Those are two entirely different situations. 
Nevertheless, Sasha recognized how terrible Sebastian could be when he was angry. After all, that was why everyone in Hayes Corporation feared him. 
Sasha felt further disheartened. 
“However, there’s one way to trick him into revealing his thoughts.”
“What is it?” 
“Playing video games. Let me tell you, he loves playing them. Do you have an account? If you do, just add him. After all, he has all the time in the world now. In fact, he might even be playing games when you’re not at home. Once you play together with him using your account, he will be trapped.” 
Given how Sabrina revealed his weakness, they are undoubtedly siblings. 
With that, Sasha was suddenly filled with hope. 
Of course, she had an account, it was just that she seldom played and was terrible at it. 
Then, Sabrina was all excited to share his account details, Sasha wanted to end the call right away. 
“Hey, you really don’t have a conscience, do you? Why didn’t you even ask me about my condition?” 
Suppressing her restlessness, Sasha asked in a guilty tone, “In that case, how are you doing?” 
“F*ck!” Sabrina swore. “My dad had me kneel in the garden since yesterday. My knees are all sore!” 
Sasha didn’t know how to react to that. 
After all, Sabrina was a lot more fortunate than she was. 
“So, when did your dad release you? By the way, what did you see on the second floor of the building? Also, what was that thing chewing on your toes…” 
“What? That thing was chewing my leg? Argh!” 
Sabrina screamed into the phone.
After a long while, Sabrina managed to calm down. “I don’t know. When I went up and was rummaging through the dresser, something suddenly pounced on me from behind.”
###Chapter 481
Chapter 481
“Huh? It jumped on you from behind?” 
“Yes. I fell conscious after that. Anyway, how did you see it chewing on my leg? What kind of monster is it?” 
Despite not being afraid of anything, Sabrina’s voice trembled when she recalled what had happened. 
Sasha fell silent as she didn’t have an answer too. After all, she too had fainted out of fear. 
From what Sabrina is saying, she must have been the one who dropped the birth certificates on the floor. 
In that case, what is that monster? It was relatively big. So why did no one ever notice its existence? 
Although she was baffled by it, she had no time to dwell on the question. 
After all, she needed to log into the game and find Sebastian. 
“Overlord? My oh my. With a handle like that, it’s as if he is worried that no one knows his identity.” 
“Who are you talking about?” 
Lance suddenly turned around and asked when he saw Sasha’s eyes glued to the computer. 
Regaining her senses, Sasha waved him away as it was none of his business. 
However, when she finally found Overlord, she was stunned. 
Damn it, he is such a high-level player while I’m just a newbie. How am I going to hook up with him? Hell, he might not even be bothered with me at all. 
Sasha was on the brink of tears.
Lance called out, “Sha?” 
Finally, Sasha had no choice but to turn to him for advice. “Lennie, I have a question. When playing games, how do newbies hook up with elite player?” 
“What?” 
What kind of question is that? 
Why is she asking about games all of a sudden? 
After pondering a moment, he took out his phone and sent Sebastian a message: Sebastian, are the both of you talking? 
Sebastian: ? 
Lance: Ever since Sha stepped into the office, she did nothing other than look up how to play games. She even asked me how a newbie links up with an elite player. 
After a long silence, Sebastian replied: What’s her handle? 
Under the pretext of asking Sasha a question, he sneaked a glance on her screen. 
Lance: You won’t believe this… Pinky Pork 
Sebastian: … 
Unaware that both men were laughing at her expense, Sasha was still racking her brains on how to link up with an elite. 
“You’re too new to the game. Usually, elites will just ignore you.”
“I know.” Sasha nodded in agreement. “That’s why I’m feeling frustrated.” 
“Perhaps, you can pretend to be a fan.” 
“Fan?” 
“That’s right. Elite players have tons of fans who admire them. You can use this as an excuse to add him. Who knows, you might just get lucky.” 
In the end, Lance cooked up an idea for her. 
Sasha gulped. 
Casually adding a fan? 
How can he do that? Wouldn’t he have a lot of fans by now? Are they guys or girls? 
Instead of being happy that she had a way to link up with him, Sasha became upset instead. 
Nevertheless, she added him in the end. 
When he approved her request to link up, she was shocked. After all, he was among the top players in the game. 
This is too much. How can he agree to add a girl he doesn’t know this quickly? 
Is it because he is really unhappy at home? 
And that’s why he is trying to find solace here? 
Sasha felt a sting in her heart.
“Sha, why are you so quiet all of a sudden? Aren’t you supposed to be happy that he has added you? What’s with the glum expression?” 
“I have suddenly lost interest.” 
“Huh?” 
When he saw how her expression had changed drastically, Lance was bewildered. 
Meanwhile, on the top floor of Palace Hotel, Sebastian ignored his friends who visited him from afar. Instead, he found a corner to focus on his game. 
Staring at the newbie account that had just added him, Sebastian furrowed his eyebrows when he didn’t see any response. 
Sebastian: What’s going on, why isn’t she doing anything? 
Lance: She just asked me if she has become old and haggard. 
Sebastian was stumped. 
What is that silly woman thinking? 
Unable to resist, Sebastian sent her a message. 
Overlord: ? 
Pinky Pork: Argh! Aaargh! 
Sasha finally responded after hearing the notification sound generated by Sebastian’s message. 
Damn it! This is so exciting. He has actually sent me a message!
Feeling reinvigorated, the dejection she felt earlier had disappeared. 
Pinky Pork: Almighty Overlord, I’m a fan of yours who admire you a lot. *Heart* 
Sebastian was speechless. 
What a load of bull. 
All Sasha got in reply from the almighty “Overlord” was an icy row of ellipsis. 
Sasha was stumped in response. 
It does fit his character though. 
Contrary to what I’m thinking, perhaps he doesn’t randomly chat up others. Any ordinary person would be frightened away with a response like that. 
Sasha’s mood began to improve.
###Chapter 482
Chapter 482
Pinky Pork: Alright, I admit you have seen through me. Actually, I just want you to teach me., will you? 
Overlord: No! 
Lance was shocked by Sebastian’s response. 
What’s wrong with Sebastian? 
Sasha has already lowered herself to pacify him. And yet, he behaves so heartlessly. Does he not want to reconcile? 
Lance was very worried. 
As for Sasha, she lost all hope when she saw his reply. 
What a difficult man to assuage… 
Overlord: You are a newbie with zero experience. What makes you think an elite player like me is going to take you in? 
Sasha was lost for words. 
After a long while, she began typing awkwardly. 
Pinky Pork: That’s because my boyfriend has broken up with me. Since he likes playing games, I want to learn how to play so that I can cheer him up. 
Overlord: … 
Pinky Pork: Almighty Overlord, do you have a girlfriend? 
Sasha began laying her trap.
A moment later, his reply caused her to feel ecstatic, especially given the fact that he might block her anytime. 
Overlord: Yes. 
Pinky Pork: Oh! That’s wonderful, do you mind if I ask you a question? If your girlfriend has gotten on your nerves, what does she need to do for you to forgive her? 
Before Sebastian could reply, his friends who had gathered in the presidential suite came over when they saw him motionless by the sofa. 
“What are you busy with? Aren’t you supposed to have a meeting? Everyone is waiting for you.” 
“Exactly, Mr. Hayes. We have all arrived and are awaiting your instructions. Just let us know what we need to do.” 
“Mmm-hmm…” 
There were three of them in total. 
All of them exuded an air of complexity. The dignified way in which they behaved revealed the inherent nobility within them. 
Sebastian lifted his gaze and looked at them plainly. “I’ll join you in a moment. Jake, please open the bottle of wine first.” 
“Sure.” 
The young man named Jake nodded with a smile and did what he was told. 
Consequently, the other two smiled helplessly.
After all, they had dropped everything they were doing and rushed over to check on Sebastian. 
Instead, they found him playing games on his phone. 
“What’s the meaning of this? Why is he playing games at such a critical juncture?” 
“Erm…” 
Even Devin, who was the oldest and calmest among them, didn’t know what to say in response. 
Sebastian continued to bury himself in his game. 
After their short exchange, Sebastian saw that Pinky Pork had sent a few messages in their chat box expressing how pitiful she was. 
Pinky Pork: Overlord? *Pitiful Smiley* 
Overlord: Just behave and be good. 
Pinky Pork: Huh? 
Overlord: I want her to come home early after work. Whenever she is out of my sight, she needs to report to me on what she is doing. 
Pinky Pork: … 
Overlord: Also, she is forbidden to mix with anyone questionable without my permission, especially those that will go around gallivanting. 
From the last sentence, Sasha could sense that he seemed to know who she was. 
Damn it, isn’t he describing the current situation?
Gallivanting? 
Is he talking about Sabrina? 
Argh! 
Sasha’s fingers began to tremble from the shock. 
Unexpectedly, right after he replied, the chatbox disappeared as he had ended the chat. 
F*ck! 
Sasha swore. 
However, her eyes lit up after having calmed down. 
Wait, since he has deleted me. Does it mean that he doesn’t know who I am? 
Or else, why would he do so? 
After having thought it through, Sasha’s mood brightened up. 
Go home early after work. 
Also, report to him when I am out of his sight. 
Doesn’t it mean that I have to go home now? It’s already ten something now while work ends at twelve noon. If I leave now, I’ll probably make it in time even if I run into a traffic jam. 
Realizing the urgency, Sasha grabbed her bag and stood up. 
Lance asked, “Sha, what are you doing?”
Sasha replied, “I’m getting off work as I need to be home early. Anyway, please hold the fort. Call me if there’s anything.” 
With that, Sasha dashed out of the door, leaving Lance behind to deal with the aftermath. 
Get off work? 
Since when does this apply to our company? Besides, it’s only noon! 
Meanwhile, at the top floor of Palace Hotel. 
Sebastian finally settled down at the card table with his friends. However, he didn’t have his usual stern expression on. 
In fact, he almost seemed to be smiling. 
Holding his cards, Devin asked, “Tell us. What do you plan to do about what’s going on with your family?”
###Chapter 483
Chapter 483
Jake nodded too. “That’s right. As long as you say the word, we have enough assets among the four of us to devastate that bast*rd tactically, even if it isn’t enough for a strategic strike.” 
Jake was the youngest among them. 
With that dashing face of his, he exuded a ruthlessness that could only be seen among the upper echelons of society. 
Furthermore, given that they were based in Jadeborough, their financial resources were more modest. 
However, the city was where all power and influence were concentrated. 
Furthermore, all of them come from illustrious backgrounds. 
After casually putting out a card, Sebastian lifted his gaze and scanned his companions. 
“There’s no such need.” 
“No such need?” Jake’s eyes widened. “What does that even mean? Are you afraid?” 
“Afraid?” 
Pressing his tongue against the ceiling of his jaw, Sebastian sneered, “Do you even think that’s possible? I’m just not interested in this meaningless game.” 
Game? 
Did he just refer to the fight for hundreds of billions of family assets as a game? 
At that moment, even Devin furrowed his eyebrows. “Sebastian, what do you mean? Are you giving up?”
Sebastian nodded. “Mmm-hmm. After going through so much in the past year, I have understood one thing. Life isn’t just about all these. There is so much more out there for us to experience.” 
His plain comment sounded extremely philosophical. 
Just as he spoke, his three companions fell silent. 
Staring at him in disbelief, they wondered if they had heard wrongly. 
My God! 
Isn’t he the most egoistic and powerful man among us? 
He has the ability to move heaven and earth. No one can steal anything from him nor challenge him directly. Or else, only death awaits them. 
But, what’s going on right now? 
What did we just hear? 
For more than ten seconds, the room fell so silent that one could hear a pin drop. 
From the corner of his eye, Sebastian glanced at his watch. “Have you guys stopped playing? If that’s the case, I gotta go.” 
Devin and Jake were speechless. 
Finally, Shawn, who had been quiet throughout, broke the silence. 
“What’s the reason for that? You have to give us one given how far we have traveled. After all, we are just worried about you. It’s not like we will leave at once just because you have given up.”
Left without a choice, Sebastian explained, “I just feel like spending more time with my family. My three children are still young while their mom’s health isn’t in good shape. Hence, my priorities lie with them.” 
Everyone fell silent again. 
Evidently, his words seemed to contradict his character even more. 
It is understandable if he has given up his inheritance for the sake of his children. But, to include his wife… 
The three of them couldn’t believe what they were hearing. After all, they never imagined him to be a sentimental person. 
Suddenly, Sebastian’s phone rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Sebby, aren’t you at home? Where are you?” 
A gentle and timid voice rang out from the phone, causing everyone at the table to keep quiet. 
Sensing the awkwardness, Sebastian got up and walked to the window. “I’m busy outside. What is it?” 
“Nothing. It’s just that… I felt like calling when I didn’t see you at home…. Sebby are you coming back for lunch? If you are, I’ll cook something for you.” 
Sasha sounded extremely submissive over the phone. 
She wanted to know where he was and hoped that he could come home. However, worried that he would be angry as she was the one at fault, she had no choice but to ask in acquiescence, just like an abandoned puppy.
Sebastian’s Adam’s apple bobbed for a fleeting moment. 
“Alright. I’ll head home right away.” With that, he ended the call. 
Speechless again, all three of them looked at Sebastian as if they had seen a ghost. 
Despite that, Sebastian didn’t explain any further. Instead, he grabbed his car keys and jacket before preparing to leave. 
Just when he was about to walk out the door, Devin regained his senses and asked, “Where do you plan to go?” 
Pausing for a moment, Sebastian replied, “Miralaea. The air is great there.” 
Devin commented, “Sounds good. Since you have decided, we will support your decision. Anyway, I have three farms there. If you’re interested, I can give them to you.” 
As a Jadeborough socialite with a military background, Devin acted generously. 
Sebastian chuckled. “We’ll talk about it later. If you really want to help, find me a decent plane to take my family there.” 
Devin agreed at once. “No problem. Take this and call the number on it.” 
Just as spoke, he handed Sebastian a name card. 
Lowering his gaze, Sebastian realized that it was a pilot’s name card. Moreover, the plane was a military model. 
He suddenly felt how lucky he was, to be loved by his wife and supported by his friends in times of crisis.
Am I really in the doldrums? 
Sebastian drove off after that…
###Chapter 484
Chapter 484
Sasha was pouring her heart and soul into preparing lunch. 
She did not have any high hopes since she came home to an empty house. Nevertheless, she decided to try her luck and made a call. To her surprise, the man agreed to come home. 
Overjoyed, she gave in her best effort. 
After half an hour, Sasha heard the sounds of an engine humming outside. 
Is he back already? 
She was so excited that she dashed out of the kitchen gleefully with a ladle and a pan still in her hands. 
“Sebby, you’re back.” 
The person standing outside the courtyard was none other than Sebastian. 
He was wearing a khaki overcoat which accentuated his slender figure. The sun shone on his impeccably handsome face, making it seem more surreal than ever. 
“Uh-huh.” 
He mumbled a response, closed the door behind him, and strode into the house. 
A wave of apprehension washed over Sasha. 
Well, he’s back all right, but why does he seem pissed? 
Her lips twitched disapprovingly as she trailed behind him in a dejected manner. “I made lunch. It’s your favorite steak, spaghetti, and some calzone.” 
“Okay…”
Sebastian did not sound too enthused and made his way over to the living room. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
Okay, so he’s still mad at me. It’s okay, I just have to continue cheering him up. 
Sasha padded back to the kitchen and wanted to serve the food that she had prepared once she was done cooking. 
She was actually glad that he was willing to come home and have lunch with her. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian made his way upstairs right away to take a shower. 
He reeked of liquor and cigarette, and he did not wish for her to notice the smell. 
Sebastian stepped into the bathroom and put his coat and car keys on the bed. 
Sasha came upstairs to look for Sebastian after she was done cooking. Noticing that the bathroom door was closed off with the sounds of running water, Sasha barged in. 
“Sebby, are you taking a shower? Are you almost done? Lunch is ready.” 
There was no response. 
Sasha thought maybe the sound of running water was too loud, and Sebastian could not hear her because of it. 
Then, she walked over to the bedside and decided to just sort out the things he left on the bed. 
Whoosh.
Just when she picked up the coat, a few things slipped out of the pocket. They were a phone and a small card. 
What’s this? 
Her interest was piqued by the small card. 
“A pilot’s name card?” 
She widened her eyes with disbelief at the name card and was baffled by what it meant. 
Why would he have a pilot’s name card? What is he planning to do? 
Her brain was rife with questions as she desperately wanted some answers. However, the card could not provide any more clues to her. 
Then, she noticed the phone on the bed. 
To her surprise, the phone unlocked itself. 
Sasha was stumped as her heart skipped a beat. Curiosity bubbled inside of her, and she decided to reach for the phone. 
Sebastian, I’ve contacted the pilot. You may give him a call whenever you feel like leaving. 
Sasha was thunderstruck at the sight of the message. 
It was beyond her wildest imagination that she would be greeted by a message like this when she clicked open his WhatsApp. 
So, does this name card belong to the pilot?
Where is he going? 
Have we really reached a point of no return? Is he really choosing to leave instead of forgiving me? 
Sasha put the things back to where they were supposed to be in a despondent manner. She came out of the bedroom mindlessly as her world spun from the revelation. She did not even have any idea how she made it downstairs. 
She felt chills all over her body as she sat on the stone steps in the courtyard. Waves of indignation and sorrow washed over her as beads of tears rolled down her cheeks. 
I… I did not do it on purpose. 
Sebastian was finally done with his shower and headed downstairs. 
However, he was surprised that nobody was in sight after he walked over to the dining room. 
Something came up at the office, and I need to head over there for a bit. Go ahead and have lunch. 
The table was laden with food. Sebastian read the note with her neat handwriting that explained why nobody was around. 
She’ has gone to the office? What kind of trouble could possibly surface from that kind of company? 
However, Sebastian was pleased that she had kept in mind how she should report her whereabouts whenever she was not in his sight. 
“Fine, I won’t pick on you this time.” 
He took a seat and did not dwell on the thought. Then, he started to dig into the delicious meal that she had prepared.
What he did not know was, after the devastated woman came out of the house, she sobbed as she wandered aimlessly on the streets. 
Sasha was not one to cry easily. 
However, she knew she was to be blamed this time and felt exasperated over her own silly mistake. What should I do now? 
She gave Sabrina a call. “Sabrina, what should I do? Your… your brother doesn’t want me anymore. He’s leaving.”
###Chapter 485
Chapter 485
“He’s leaving?” 
Sabrina who had just been allowed to take some food back at the Hayes found herself losing appetite after listening to Sasha. “Where’s he going?” 
“I don’t know. I saw someone introducing a pilot to him, telling him to contact the pilot any time he wants to leave.” 
Sabrina was at a loss for words. 
She knew that her brother’s condition was about the same as what the woman had described. 
After the Hayes had regained power, their financial support had been cut off. Hence, Sabrina was not at all surprised when she heard Sasha saying that Sebastian was contemplating leaving. 
“Didn’t you trying explaining to him?” 
“I did, but he’s not listening. Besides, I tried your suggestion and sounded him out in the game but he was not walking his talk.” 
Sasha cried as she sat on the grass clutching onto her phone. 
Sabrina was rendered speechless. 
She tried to bite her tongue but to no avail. In the end, she decided to spill the beans and said, “Don’t blame him, our father said some nasty things to him the other day.” 
“W-what?” 
“My father thought that Sebastian was behind the idea of us stealing from the memorial hall and reprimanded him. He accused Sebastian of being a hypocrite, claiming that my brother was merely
feigning disinterest. My father even challenged him to let him know straight away if he was indeed after it, chiding him for being a coward for hiding behind two women.” 
Sasha felt an epiphany hit her. 
She stopped in her tracks right then and froze on the ground. 
Did I hear her wrong? 
How could a father say that to his own son? Did he know what it truly meant, and how deep his words could cut? 
Sasha finally stopped crying. 
She felt a chill down her spine as the pang of realization hit her. A sense of remorse and guilt washed over her. 
What have I done? 
How could I let him suffer such indignation? And yet I have the audacity to wonder why he’s still mad at me? 
Sasha was on the brink of losing her mind. 
Then, she dashed to the roadside and halted a cab. “To the Hayes Residence at Gold Street.” 
“Sure, Miss.” 
The cab sped toward her destination. 
Upon reaching the place, she was rather disappointed to hear someone telling her that Frederick was not in.
“Sasha, why are you here? Do you think you haven’t already caused enough trouble for Sebastian?” 
The man who walked out of the Hayes Residence was Sebastian’s cousin, Saul Hayes. 
He was the eldest son of Ethan, and the man grimaced at the sight of Sasha. 
Her eyes went red at his remark. “No, that’s not it. Saul, I’m here to explain to Mr. Hayes that this has nothing to do with Sebastian.” 
Of course, Saul would not believe in her. 
His face darkened before he turned around to head inside the house. 
Sasha started to get exasperated and dashed over to stop the man. “Saul, please believe me. I really want to explain it all to Mr. Hayes so that he can apologize to Sebastian. Otherwise, things are going to go out of hand.” 
Saul was stumped for a moment. He thought about Sebastian for a moment and decided to tell the woman. 
“He went to the nursing home thanks to you guys.” 
Nursing home? 
Is it the one that I’ve been to when I was still working at the hospital? 
Sasha wasted no time and got the address. Then, she dashed for the nursing home right away. 
She was adamant about meeting Frederick. Sasha could not stand idly by as Sebastian was being chided, for she knew that the man had always been a sensitive one. She could not even begin to imagine how traumatized he would be by his father’s words.
Sasha sped through the traffic, eager to get there as soon as possible. 
She almost could not pull herself together at the thought of the indignation and wrath that the man had endured because of her. 
After about forty minutes, she finally reached the nursing home. 
Sasha knew she reached the place just in time because the familiar Rolls-Royce was parked right at the driveway. 
Sasha got off the car and dashed into the home. 
The home reminded her of her own unbecoming past. 
She still remembered the day when the cold breeze blew past her face. It was the first time she had stepped into the place after she came back from the dead. 
The old folks who recognized her were beyond excited at the sight of her. 
However, things are different now. 
Sasha braced against the cold wind with fury written all over her face as she was distraught with disappointment. 
“Wait a minute. Who are you? Why are you here?” 
“I’m looking for Frederick Hayes. Where is he?” Sasha snapped. 
The woman was boiling over with rage that she enunciated his full name. 
The nurse in charge turned pale.
Frederick Hayes? 
Did she just utter the president’s full name? Who is she? 
Just when she was about to ask someone to chase Sasha out, a silhouette appeared from behind the two women. 
“Let her in. She’s Mr. Hayes’s guest.” 
“Oh… Okay.” 
Sasha finally got what she wanted.
###Chapter 486
Chapter 486
She followed the person in. To her surprise, it was still the same position as one year ago. 
When Sasha finally met the old man, she realized that the room that he was staying in was the one from before. A sense of déjà vu washed over her as the old man was brewing tea at the very same spot. 
“So you’re here already. Do you fancy a cup of tea?” 
Rage burned inside her chest as her bloodshot eyes turned red as ruby. 
How is he still so calm? 
How can he act like nothing’s happened after hurting his very own son like that? Since when has he become so cold-blooded? 
“Have a seat. I just brewed some tea, and it’s a black tea from your hometown. I think you’ll like it.” 
Frederick did not take much notice of the girl’s expression. Noticing that she stood frozen in the spot, he patiently extended his invitation once again. 
Sasha finally spoke up. “I’m not here to drink tea. I’m here to clarify something.” 
She did not beat around the bush. 
She’s here to clarify something? 
Frederick looked impassively at her. 
Only then did he notice the indignation on her face. Not only that, her tense little face even showed hints of heartache and disappointment.
She’s so young, and yet she has the audacity to show me that face? 
Frederick shook his head, picked up the teapot with freshly brewed tea and poured her a cup. 
“Fine. What are you trying to clarify?” 
“The incident about me and your daughter sneaking into the memorial hall. It has nothing to do with Sebastian. He doesn’t have a single clue about it!” 
Sasha approached the old man and tried to explain herself. 
Frederick merely chuckled and said, “Is that so?” 
“Yes, I swear! If he has any idea about it, I’ll be run over by a car!” 
Desperate to clear Sebastian’s name, she went to the extent of cursing herself. 
Frederick finally knitted his brows as if he did not fancy her painting such a gruesome picture. 
“Don’t be hasty and curse yourself so. Believe me when I say that he knows about it. How else do you think the share transfer agreements by Peter could stay in your hands for so long?” 
“What did you say?” 
“I’m saying that he’s seen through your little tricks. As for the ten billion, do you think that Andy can get you that much money in such a short time?” 
He held the cup of tea and reminded her with a cold, hard tone. 
Sasha was stumped. 
She had not given it much thought.
Back then, Peter had shoved the share transfer agreements to her and soon, Sabrina came looking for her. There was no time for her to think it through. 
All she could think about was how she could help him defend the assets that he had poured his heart and soul into building. She was reluctant to let his assets fall into other hands. Hence, there was no time to waste ruminating over the details. 
So… what is he saying? 
Does Sebastian know? 
Am I the one in the dark all along? 
Sasha dared not go down the rabbit hole further. Her petite face turned pale with each passing second. 
Frederick noticed her demeanor and smiled thinly. “Can you remember? Shrewd as you are, it’d be a piece of cake for you to figure it out. When you were caught red-handed by me in the memorial hall, he came running the next second. What’s that telling you?” 
A pin-drop silence ensued as Sasha’s mind went into overdrive. 
She shuddered from the sheer volume of information she had to process. 
No, that’s not it! 
He’s not someone like that, that’s impossible! 
She finally lost it and dashed over to slam on his coffee table. “So what if he knows? Then, it’s impossible for him to steal something that he doesn’t even want!” 
“No? So what exactly is he doing right now?”
“He’s only doing it for me!” 
Sasha finally found her anchor. “That’s right. It was all because of me. I did not want him to give it up, and I wanted to safeguard what he had, so he was trying to fulfill my wish.” 
Frederick was rendered speechless. 
He sat there as he stared at the hysterical girl. Frederick was at a loss for words. 
She knows that b*stard inside out. 
That b*stard is really lucky to have met a girl who is wholeheartedly devoted to him. 
Frederick grew silent. 
He put down the cup of tea in his hand, the corner of his crinkled lips curled into a thin smile. Sasha thought she spotted a hint of relief in the old man’s muddy eyes. 
“Are you sure you want to stay by his side? You’ve given up on everything because of him once. Are you sure you’re not going to regret it if that happens again?” 
“That’s not what we’re discussing right now,” Sasha said dryly. 
She was still agitated, and could not accept that the old man tried to steer the conversation in another direction. The pent-up fury in her chest was still burning. 
The old man noticed her silence. He took something out and placed it on the coffee table. 
“This is what you’re looking for. If you’ve thought things through, you can take it away right now. However, I want you to think carefully before you make your decision.” 
He did not answer her question and merely pointed at the things on the coffee table calmly.
###Chapter 487
Chapter 487
Sasha paused for a while before she took a look at those items. 
“T-This is your seal? And your ID!” Her eyes sprang wide open and stared at Frederick in disbelief. 
He was, however, very calm. 
Picking up the pot of tea he had just brewed, he proceeded to pour her another cup. 
“Yes. With them, you will be able to buy over the shares from Peter. Although 20% isn’t much, at least he can be a shareholder of Hayes Corporation once again.” 
Sasha was stunned. 
Everything seemed to happen so quickly, and she could not get her head around it. 
She defended Sebastian again. “He couldn’t care less about that. It’s just that I don’t wish to see the fruit of his labor given away to someone else just like that.” 
This time round, Frederick did not even refute. “All right. You can take these and go now.” 
Sasha’s fists clenched. “Why?” 
“Because you are right. No matter what, he is still my son. I should leave something for him. Furthermore, the two of you have three children. It’s only right that I should give these to you guys.” 
That was his final answer. 
Before Sasha could say anymore, she was taken away by the same man who brought her in earlier on. 
Of course, with her were the two items. 
Leave something for us?
He made us sound like a charity case! I don’t need that! Neither does Sebastian! 
The more Sasha thought about it, the angrier she got. 
However, she had no idea that the man who just threw her out went back and said to Frederick, “Mr. Hayes, are you sure about this? If this is the case, I don’t think that woman will let you go.” 
Frederick laughed. 
There was no sign of fear on his face. 
He closed his eyes and enjoyed the aroma of the tea that he was drinking. When his eyes opened again, he had never looked as joyful as he had at the present moment. 
“Get my lawyer here.” 
“All right, Mr. Hayes.” 
Meanwhile, Sebastian only noticed that something was amiss after two hours had gone by. 
Overlord: Where is your sister? 
Ghostsmasher: What? Sebastian, I have no idea. She isn’t back yet. I thought she has gone back to make dinner for you. 
Lance, who was at the company, suddenly received a text from Sebastian, and he was freaking out. 
The moment he answered his question, Sebastian went offline immediately. 
Such double standards! 
He should have at least played a game with me.
Sebastian started to search for Sasha’s location through her mobile phone. 
He soon discovered that she was located more than ten miles away from the outskirts of the city. The veins in his temples started twitching incessantly. 
“What is she doing so far away? What is she up to again?” 
When he first saw her location, he was worried about her. His worry was soon replaced with anger. 
He could not wait to get his hands on her and give her a good spanking of her life. 
Sebastian stepped on the accelerator, and the car sped off into the distance. 
Half an hour had gone by. 
Sasha was still sitting under a poplar tree near a remote bus stop. 
She was already on her way back, but she wanted to clear her thoughts. 
That was why she got off the bus earlier on. 
Several minutes had passed since then. 
What am I going to do? 
Should I really go along with the original plan and transfer the shares to my name using these two items? 
Or should I be honest with Sebastian and let him decide? 
But if that’s the case, wouldn’t he be even angrier? After all, I have gone and seen Frederick and taken these things. Will Sebastian misunderstand me and think that I’m going behind his back to take the
things that he doesn’t want? 
Sasha was very confused. 
At that moment, she felt like getting rid of the two items that she was holding. 
Before she could do that, a pair of men’s leather shoes appeared in front of her. 
“Eh?” 
“You’re brave to start roaming around so soon. Have you forgotten what I have just told you?” 
The infuriated man lorded over her. He was so furious that he had forgotten about his secret identity in the game. 
Those words came out of him through gritted teeth. He could not wait to punish her! 
Sasha was startled for a while. 
She looked at the man in a daze. It was only after a long while before she could react, and she stood up in a panic. 
“Sebby, why are you here?” 
“You don’t want me here?” 
“No, that’s not what I meant…” The frightened Sasha waved her hands in denial. 
How would I dare? 
It’s strange though. What did he show up here out of the blue? This is, after all, the outskirts of the city.
“I was just… I was just wondering if you would come to get me if I don’t go back. Then, when I looked up, you were right in front of me.” 
Her tears fell as she was explaining.
###Chapter 488
Chapter 488
Sasha’s tears appeared without any warning. 
Perhaps she had been holding on to her emotions for too long. The sight of him caused her to cry uncontrollably. 
Sebastian panicked instantly. 
He stretched out his arms and consoled her. 
“Why are you crying? I wasn’t that angry with you.” 
Sasha looked at him amidst her tears and lost all control of her emotions. 
It was true he did not scold her. 
Nevertheless, she was still upset with herself for doing what she had done even though she knew that he would not like it. 
As far as she was concerned, she was protecting his interest. However, she had no inkling that he was aware of everything, and that in order to fulfill her wish, he had been wronged. 
Is she a fool? 
Sasha could not forgive herself. She felt so terrible that she could not bear to see his face. Instead, she squatted down and held her teary face. 
Sebastian was speechless. 
What’s going on? Did someone bully her? 
A deadly look came over that gorgeous face of his. He then got down on his knees and stared at her.
“What’s wrong with you? Stop crying. Tell me what exactly happened!” 
His every word was laced with a murderous intent. 
After a while, Sasha looked up at him tearfully and asked, “Are you mad at me?” 
“What?” 
“The last time when I stole your father’s things from the memorial hall in your house, I heard you were being told off. Do you hate me now?” 
It took Sasha a lot of effort to complete her speech. There were a number of times she choked when the feelings of guilt and sorrow surfaced. 
Sebastian, who was supporting her shoulders, looked on in bewilderment. 
Do I hate her? 
What is going on in that mind of hers? What makes her think I will have such ill feelings for her? 
He looked displeased. “What nonsense! Why would I hate you?” 
“Then, why are you leaving?” 
“What?” 
“Isn’t that your plan? You are taking the children with you to somewhere else and leaving me behind all by myself, aren’t you?” 
Sasha felt so sad and wronged for herself that her tears started streaming down again. 
Sebastian heard his teeth creak.
This is why she is getting so upset? 
Who told her that I don’t want her anymore? Why is she thinking of nonsense like this? 
Sebastian was getting frustrated and had the sudden urge to wallop her. However, he calmed himself and explained, “There’s no such thing. Where did you hear this rumor from? Why would I leave you behind?” 
He was getting irritated, and he wiped off her tears in a rough manner. 
Suddenly, Sasha’s eyes widened. 
He wouldn’t leave me behind? 
But how about the name card and the WhatsApp messages that I saw? 
Sasha finally calmed down and said, “Then, why are you looking for a pilot? You even had someone arrange it for you. Sebastian, you don’t have to lie to me. I saw everything.” 
“What did you see?” 
“That name card and your WhatsApp messages.” 
She looked at him indignantly, and her tears were threatening to fall again. 
Sebastian was dumbfounded. 
So, this is the real reason why she broke down? 
This silly girl is so stupid, she is killing me.
Sebastian’s temples were throbbing badly. After some time, he kneeled before her and asked through gritted teeth, “This is the reason why you left without even having your lunch?” 
Sasha looked down and did not answer his question. 
That must be it. 
God knew how sad and scared she was at that time. She was wandering aimlessly on the streets and had no idea where she was heading to. 
Furthermore, she had heard from Frederick that Sebastian knew about everything all along. 
Even though he was aware, he still intended to leave. 
That must mean that he was really angry with her. 
Plod! Plod! 
Two huge droplets of tears fell again. 
Sebastian was taken aback. 
He had no time to be angry. Instead, he quickly clarified, “Yes, one of my friends did introduce a pilot to me. He also arranged a plane for me to leave this place. But, if I’m leaving and not taking you with me, who am I taking? Are you being silly? What are you thinking about in that brain of yours every day? If there is something you are not sure of, you can always ask me personally. What’s the point of getting upset and angry all by yourself? Sasha, are you too free?” 
The last statement sounded pretty harsh. 
However, there was no denying that Sebastian was relieved once he figured out the situation.
Oh well, as long as it’s not about other issues. 
Sasha was told off as expected. 
Is it really like what he said? 
He wants to take me with him? Then, why didn’t he mention this before? 
Events had taken a turn too quickly, and it was too much for Sasha to digest it in such a short time. All she did was stare blankly at Sebastian. 
He sighed. 
What can I possibly do? Of all the women in the world, I chose to fall in love with this fool. Since I’ve made my bed, I will have to lie in it now.
###Chapter 489
Chapter 489
“Initially, I wanted to bring all of you to Miralaea. It’s a conducive environment for the children. However, seeing that your dad is still not released from prison, I got my friend to book the pilot and the private jet first. Once he is free, we will all go together. Do you understand the situation now?” 
Sasha was stumped. 
He had even thought of her dad. 
Everything finally made sense to Sasha. She was overcome with euphoria and excitement. Looking at him through her teary eyes, she nodded. 
“Yes.” 
“So let’s stop this nonsense, shall we? Come home with me. The children are about to finish their school now.” 
Sebastian lifted her chin gently and wiped off her tears. 
“Okay,” Sasha responded obediently and then stood up. 
“Ouch…” 
However, she experienced a sharp pain in her feet and fell to the ground again. 
Sebastian squatted down in front of her immediately. 
Once again, he was in awe of her level of intelligence. 
“You came out wearing these?” 
“Yes…”
Embarrassment crept up on Sasha’s face, and she turned her head away. 
In truth, when her skirt was lifted to reveal the clogs that she had been wearing, she had unwittingly exposed her foolishness. 
In the end, Sebastian had no choice but to piggyback her to the car. 
They walked along the quiet road as the evening sun began to set. Their shadows resembled the long strokes of an artist. 
Sasha could not help but feel an intense burst of joy as she lay on his back with her ankles dangling about. 
This was the first time he had ever carried her on his back. 
“You like it?” 
“Yes.” 
Sasha answered so softly and unbeknownst to him, she blushed. 
Sebastian found it amusing. 
Yet, his heart had gone mushy at the sound of her response. That had never ever happened before. 
“Okay.” 
One word and that was his promise to her. 
What promise? 
The promise is that this will always be where you belong for as long as you want it to be.
Always. 
That night, after the two of them had made their feelings known to one another, they spent the entire night making love. 
Thereafter, Sasha fell into a deep sleep. 
The following day when Sasha woke up, Sebastian had already sent the children to school. 
She moved her aching body around and was about to get out of bed when her eyes fell on her bag. 
For a moment, her good mood dissipated. 
She had forgotten all about the two hot potatoes. 
What should I do with them now? 
It was obvious that Sebastian would not want her to get involved in that matter anymore. Since he had decided to take all of them away from here, that pretty much summed up his stand. 
So what am I supposed to do with these two items now? 
Return them to Frederick? 
No. If I give them back; then, it’s as good as giving Hayes Corporation to Solomon. 
Sasha did not wish to see such an outcome. After much thought, she decided to phone Sabrina. 
“Hello, Sabrina. It’s me.” 
“What’s wrong? Your man doesn’t want you anymore? Don’t worry. Life will still go on even without a man.”
A typical phone call with Sabrina would never involve any nice words from her end. Instead, she would be loud and straightforward. Most people would have lost their tempers with her after a couple of minutes of conversation. 
Sasha controlled herself. 
“No, nothing like that. I just want to let you know that your father has given me those things.” 
“What did you say?” 
Sabrina’s voice had gone even louder than before. “My father gave you those things? How is that possible? Are you dreaming?” 
“No. If you don’t believe me, I can show you some photos.” 
Sasha laid out the seal and Frederick’s ID. She then took a photo and sent it to Sabrina. 
A few seconds later, Sabrina went berserk! 
“What the f*ck! Is this for real? Is my father all right? Why would he give these to you? Is he getting senile?” 
Sasha kept quiet. 
To be honest, she shared the same sentiments as Sabrina. 
Anyhow, the most important thing right now would be to deal with the two items. 
Sasha said patiently, “Now that you know for sure that I have them, what should we do about them?” 
“Are you kidding me? Of course, they’re yours to keep.”
“No! I can’t have them in my possession now!” 
“Why not?” 
“Yesterday, your brother has told me that he wants to take me and get away from here. He doesn’t want to have anything more to do with Hayes Corporation.” 
“F*ck!” 
Another vulgarity escaped from Sabrina’s mouth. 
Blo*dy h*ll! The moment this woman becomes lovey-dovey with my brother again, she forgets all about me! 
Sabrina had no other option. After a few seconds of silence, she asked, “So what do we do now? Do we just let that bast*rd take everything away from us?” 
“If you don’t wish to see that happening, there’s only one way out of this predicament.”
###Chapter 490
Chapter 490
“What do you suggest?” 
“I’ll pass the items to you!” Sasha finally said after much consideration. 
The moment Sabrina heard what Sasha said, her eyes bulged in surprise. “What did you say? Repeat yourself! You’re passing the items to me?” 
Sasha nodded her head. “Yes. Firstly, you are the eldest daughter of the Hayes family. Secondly, if your brother is unwilling to take over Hayes Corporation, you are the only other suitable candidate. After all, you’ve been in charge of running Hayes Corporation before.” 
“But…” 
“All right, no more buts. Let’s meet at Central Square. We’ll talk when we meet.” Sasha hung up the phone after that, not giving Sabrina any opportunity to voice her ion. Sometimes people like her need to be pushed. 
Sasha packed the items and left her house shortly. 
Before she left, she sent a text message to tell Sebastian she had gone to the office. 
The text message got Sebastian thinking. 
“Mr. Hayes, you asked me to look into where Madam went yesterday. I’ve got the information now. After she left her house, she went to the Hayes Residence, before paying a visit to Chester Nursing Home.” 
Sebastian was silent. Chester Nursing Home? 
He cast a glance at Karl, who was speaking to him from outside his car. Isn’t that the place where Dad is staying? What was Sasha doing there? Was she looking for Dad? Why did she go and see him?
Sebastian’s face darkened. 
Although he did not get angry with Sasha for what happened at the memorial hall, he undoubtedly did not want her to have any further dealings with anyone from the Hayes family, especially not with his father. “Did you find out why she was there?” 
“No. The security was too tight. But it looked like the visit ended with her being chased out of the place.” 
“Chased out?” Sebastian, whose face was already clouded over with unhappiness, seemed taken aback by that last piece of information. 
Karl nodded his head earnestly. “Yes. I was told that she was ranting and raving on her way out, seemingly unwilling to leave.” 
Sebastian was lost for words. Have I misunderstood her? When I found her yesterday, she was weeping and asking me if I hate her for the scolding I received over what happened in the memorial hall. But I hadn’t told her what had happened in the memorial hall. That means that she must have found out about it from someone and went to confront Dad about it. I’ve always known that Sasha will not allow me to suffer in silence. What a silly girl! 
Sebastian felt guilt-stricken at this realization. 
All the gloom and frustration that had been hanging over him dissipated as if there was a ray of sunlight shining through the clouds. “I see. You can stop following her for now. Send people to get things in Miralaea in order first. Make sure the school and our accommodation are ready.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” Karl set to work immediately after receiving the instruction. Truth be told, even though this boss of mine is no longer running Hayes Corporation, he will always be an authoritative figure, calling the shots wherever he goes.
Sasha arrived at Central Square. 
They had met at the same cafe before. But it was different this time because both of them had toned down their dressing in order not to attract any attention to themselves. 
“Have you got the stuff? Let me see them,” Sabrina, who was wearing a cap, asked Sasha the moment they sat down in the cafe. 
Sasha took out Frederick’s seal and ID from her bag. 
This is unbelievable. We failed miserably when we tried to steal these from Dad. Now he has actually handed them over willingly? Sabrina looked at the items for a long time. “Damn it, these are real!” 
Sasha did not speak. Casting a glance at the quirky woman sitting opposite her, she picked up her cup and took a sip of coffee. “Now that you’ve verified these items are real, what’s your take on my idea?” 
“I…” Sabrina suddenly seemed hesitant. 
Truth be told, with Sabrina’s capability, once she got hold of the twenty percent shares, she would be above Solomon. 
But one thing everyone seemed to have overlooked was that as the eldest daughter of the Hayes family, she had never held any shares in Hayes Corporation. 
Why is that so? 
A wave of sadness swept over Sabrina’s face as she looked down and stirred her coffee with her spoon for what seemed like a long time. Finally, she said, “Dad will never agree to it.” 
“Why? Aren’t you his daughter?”
“Yes, but in my younger days, I dabbled in something that I shouldn’t have touched. At that time, Dad told me that I had lost my right to inheritance for good.” Sabrina had never sounded gloomier as she spilled her secret to Sasha. 
Sasha was dumbfounded. Something she shouldn’t have touched? I’ve never heard anything about this. What could it have been to push Frederick to mete out such a severe penalty? 
Sasha’s curiosity was piqued. She asked cautiously, “What… was it? Can you share with me what happened?” 
Sabrina, who was known for her bad temper, was on the brink of yelling back at Sasha.
###Chapter 491
Chapter 491
Share with you? Do I know you that well? Eventually, not knowing what came over her, Sabrina started speaking, “I fell into bad company when I was young and naive and got involved in… substance abuse. I only discovered later that it was a trap targeted at the Hayes family…” 
Sabrina stopped and did not elaborate further. 
Her mouth agape, Sasha took more than ten seconds to process the earth-shattering information. 
She did not need to hear more of the story to imagine how serious the repercussions were. 
A young lady from a wealthy and prominent family was led into the trap of substance abuse. There could only be one motivation behind it. Her family was the real target, not her. 
Yet, she was so naive to walk right into the trap. 
Sasha felt nothing but pity for her. 
However, it happened such a long time ago. Surely there was an expiry date for the penalty that was laid out? Even prisoners have a release date from their incarceration. 
Why is she not given one? 
Sasha decided to state her opinion. “Well, let’s put it this way. At this present moment, the Hayes family is standing at the crossroads between survival and annihilation. Surely your father is not going to blame you for trying to do something to help.” 
Sabrina was silent. 
“Moreover, when your father handed his seal and ID card to me, he said the twenty percent shares are supposed to go to your brother. Since your brother does not want them, it is only rightful that you take
over his shares. Just consider yourself as the caretaker of his shares. What do you think?” Sasha explained carefully, trying to bring Sabrina to her point of view. 
She would rather give the twenty percent shares to Sabrina than let them fall into the hands of the power-hungry Solomon. 
Thankfully, Sabrina seemed to be coming around. “As a caretaker?” 
“That’s right. Do it for your nephews’ and niece’s sake. Think about it, your brother is now jobless. I’m the only one still earning an income. After we go to Miralaea, money is going to be even tighter. As their aunt, wouldn’t you want to chip in and help?” 
That was enough to seal the deal. 
Sabrina finally accepted Sasha’s suggestion. 
They immediately packed the items and left the cafe so that they could start setting things in motion. 
However, when they were in the car park, a man appeared out of nowhere and blocked their way. “Ms. Wand, Ms. Hayes, what put you in the mood for a coffee date today? Where are the two of you going now?” 
The man who had appeared like a ghost in front of the two of them was middle-aged and had neatly- combed hair. 
Sasha, who was holding the two important items in her hands, instinctively took a step backward. 
Sabrina, who was always the brash and bold one, stepped forward and shielded Sasha protectively. “Who are you? How dare you block our way!”
“No, no, I wouldn’t dare to. I just want to invite the two of you for a drink at the bistro down the street. Would you care to join me?” 
“Scram!” Sabrina’s eyes shone with fury. “If you still value your life, you’d better run as far from me as you can!” 
The eldest daughter of the Hayes family was not someone to be trifled with. 
The man’s face darkened. “It appears that you are not too keen. In that case, I’ll have to give you a hand.” 
At the wave of his hand, a few men clad in black suddenly appeared in the car park. 
Stricken with panic, Sasha asked, “Who on earth are you? What are you up to? Do you know who we are?” 
To her surprise, the man did not show any sign of intimidation. Instead, he laughed. “Of course I do! Do you wish to know who I am? Allow me to introduce myself. I am Ken Sato, the new assistant hired by Mr. George, President of Hayes Corporation.” 
Ken Sato? He’s a Jetroinian! Sasha felt a lurch in her stomach. She grabbed Sabrina by her arm and shouted, “Run! He’s here to catch us!” 
The two women ran for their lives. 
However, Ken had come well-prepared. 
They had not gone more than fifty meters when another group of men clad in black leaped out to block their path. 
This time, it was even more terrifying as the men were armed with rods!
“Sabrina, take these with you and run. You know some self-defense skills and you can run faster than me. You’ll be able to make it out of here.” Sasha, who had lost all hope of escaping, quickly shoved the two items into Sabrina’s hands and gave her a forceful push. 
Sabrina did not know what to say. 
She knew that if she tried, she had a good chance of making it out unscathed. 
But was she willing to leave Sasha behind? 
Images of Sasha sitting in the wheelchair and losing her eyesight began to flash in Sabrina’s mind. “Are you crazy? If you die, do you think Sebastian will let me off?” 
With that, Sabrina grabbed hold of Sasha and pulled her along while shouting behind her, “Come on you scums! If you think you can intimidate me, then you have no idea what we Hayes are made of!” 
Sabrina’s booming voice filled the entire car park. 
Sebastian did not suspect anything was amiss until he saw Lance returning home without Sasha. “Where’s Sasha?” 
“She wasn’t in the office today. Isn’t she at home?” Lance asked in confusion. 
Sebastian’s face changed as he felt a mix of emotions surging to the surface. 
He thought about the text message he had received that morning, as well as all the anger, worry, and fear that he had experienced. 
As these emotions came to a boil inside of him, he was so agitated he felt like flipping a table over. Why can’t she just listen to me?
###Chapter 492
Chapter 492
Sebastian summoned Karl over in the middle of the night to search for Sasha’s whereabouts. 
However, to his disappointment, she was nowhere to be found. 
When day breaks, Sebastian received news from the Hayes that his sister, Sabrina, had gone missing as well. 
Boom! 
Upon hearing the news, Sebastian, who had stayed up all night looking for Sasha, finally snapped and flipped the table over. 
“Have they gone mad? Despite what happened the last time, have they yet to learn their lesson? Do they have a death wish or something?” 
He howled furiously. One could easily tell that Sebastian had lost it from the look on his face. 
Why is she so stubborn? 
“Mr. Hayes, Mrs. Hayes couldn’t have known this was coming. I mean, think about it, Solomon would have spied on her if he had planned for this. Something’s bound to happen to her, it’s just a matter of time.” Karl said in an attempt to calm him down. 
Sebastian went quiet. 
He then tugged at his hair as if someone had hit him hard on the head, and lowered his head with an agonized look on his face. 
“It’s all my fault. I should have taken better care of her. How could I let her carry a ticking time bomb around with her at all times?”
“It’s not like that, Mr. Hayes. You just didn’t want to hurt her.” 
Karl spoke in his defense as he didn’t want Sebastian to put all the blame on himself. 
However, it was the truth anyway. 
He had tried to talk Sebastian into getting Sasha to hand over the share transfer agreements ever since the incident at the memorial hall. He thought they should just return them to Peter since they didn’t plan on doing anything with it to avoid any more trouble. 
But Sebastian refused to do so. 
He didn’t want to hurt Sasha by ordering her to hand over those agreements. He wanted her to hand them over on her own accord. 
As a result, Sasha ended up in danger. 
But that also meant Sasha was truly concerned about him. She was reluctant to let his assets fall into someone else’s hands. 
Karl was soon out looking for her once again, while Sebastian headed straight for Hayes Corporation. 
It had been two months since he returned to Hayes Corporation. 
However, 
“P-President, you’re back?” 
“G-Good morning, Mr. Hayes…” 
“Mr. Hayes…”
No one dared disrespect him. 
Though everyone was filled with apprehension, they greeted him, surprised and delighted, from the very moment he stepped foot into the office building. 
He commanded respect. 
Sebastian paid no heed to them. 
Hostility glinted in his eyes as he strode into the elevator. 
Several minutes later, at the top floor of the Hayes Corporation building. 
Solomon was holding a meeting with his newly formed management team in his office. 
However, his meeting was cut short by a loud commotion from outside. 
Bang! 
His office door was kicked open before he could even register what was going on. 
“Sebastian, you…” 
“Solomon, believe it or not, I’m going to take Hayes Corporation away from you right now.” 
Sebastian barged into the room with murderous intent and aimed a gun at Solomon. 
Everyone else in the room screamed in fright, while Solomon stared at him in horror. 
“Sebastian, what are you doing? Don’t you know it’s illegal to kill someone? Do you have a death wish?”
“Illegal?” 
Sebastian sneered. He looked like a demon who had just crawled out of hell. 
“Do you have any idea how many people I’ve killed in this office? As I recall, Robert was also sitting in this chair when I put a bullet through his head. What a pity that he’s still alive. Would you like to give it a try?” 
Sebastian pressed the bullet into the magazine. The bullet clicked into place, ready to be fed through the firing chamber. 
He was ready to fire at any moment. 
This guy is crazy! 
Solomon went pale with fright. His palms were all sweaty as he gritted his teeth. 
“What do you want? I have nothing to do with it if it’s Hayes Corporation that you want. Talk to your old man. He’s the one who wants you to hand the company over.” 
“Hayes Corporation?” Sebastian sneered. “I have no interest in the company. I just want you to hand her over.” 
“Who?” 
Sebastian didn’t expect Solomon to look confused. 
His temper flared. Bang! A glass placed beside Solomon shattered into pieces as Sebastian fired. 
“Solomon, I’m warning you. If I don’t see her here in one piece within three minutes, I guarantee that you’re going to end up like this glass.”
###Chapter 493
Chapter 493
Sebastian spoke through gritted teeth. He looked like a trapped beast ready to pounce. 
He would put a bullet right through Solomon’s head without hesitation if he failed to bring Sasha back. 
Who in the world is he referring to? 
Solomon was shocked, angry, and confused. 
But, he quickly came to his senses. 
Right. Who else can make him go crazy besides her? 
He willingly gave up Hayes Corporation and even crossed the line several times for her sake. 
He would go out of his way to do anything for her. 
Solomon finally registered what was going on as a shiver ran down his spine. 
“I-I really don’t know where she is. I don’t know what happened to her.” 
Snap! 
Sebastian replied by cocking his gun. 
“Ok, I promise I’ll bring her back, Sebastian. I don’t want anything to happen to her as well. She is the apple of my eye. She is very important to me more than anyone else,” Solomon quickly shouted. 
Those last words finally took effect. 
Sebastian moved his finger away from the trigger. At that moment, the bullet was just centimeters away from the muzzle.
He has no idea? 
It didn’t seem like he was lying. 
Moreover, it didn’t make sense for Solomon to want Sasha dead since he was head over heels with her as well. 
Sebastian put the gun down. “Ok. I’ll give you a chance. If I don’t see her before night falls, you and Sinch Enterprise will pay!” 
Sebastian threatened. 
He then walked out of the room with his pistol. 
Solomon went pale with worry as he watched. 
He snapped out of his daze a long while after Sebastian left. Solomon stood up and pushed everything off his desk. 
“Ken Sato! I’ll make you pay for this!” 
Sebastian returned home that night. His search had been in vain. 
The courtyard felt too quiet even though everything else looked the same. He missed her non-stop chattering and the way she addressed him as Sebby. 
Sebastian staggered around as if he had used up every last ounce of energy and fell onto the grass. 
“Sebastian, a-are you okay?” 
Lance, who had stayed home because of what happened to Sasha, ran out of the living room to see what was going on after hearing the noise.
However, Sebastian looked like he didn’t even have the energy to speak. 
Right at that moment, Karl returned. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve checked all the CCTVs in town, but couldn’t find Mrs. Hayes and Ms. Sabrina anywhere. Mrs. Hayes was nowhere in sight after she left yesterday. I couldn’t even find her shadow through the traffic cameras footage.” 
“How is that possible? We have a CCTV right in front of the entrance even though this is Old Town. How can Sha just disappear into thin air?” Lance rebutted. 
Karl nodded. He then continued, “That could only mean one thing. Someone has tampered with the CCTV footages in the whole city.” 
Lance was at a loss for words as chills ran down his spine. 
What? CCTV footages in the whole city? 
The kidnapper would have to hack into the transportation bureau’s intranet in order to do so. My gosh, that guy must be a master hacker. 
Lance’s face turned ghastly pale. 
Sebastian kept quiet and shuddered when he heard the news. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
Karl noticed something was wrong and rushed up to his side. 
Just as he expected, Sebastian collapsed in the next moment.
He was burnt out, for he hadn’t slept a wink since yesterday evening. He hadn’t eaten or drank anything either as fear and anxiety engulfed him up. 
His body finally gave way after a stressful day. 
Karl sent Sebastian upstairs and instructed Lance to take good care of him. 
“I know. Karl, you must bring Sha back. Vivi and the boys are still so young, they can’t live without their mother. The same goes for Sebastian.” 
Lance, who had been hanging around Sasha since a year ago, was begging Sebastian’s right-hand man to bring her back. 
Karl’s nose tingled, and he felt a lump in his throat. 
He felt a sense of duty to bring Sasha back for the sake of Sebastian. After all, his boss was the one who had groomed him into who he was today. 
Karl was soon out the door once again. 
After ten minutes, Jackson, who had just received a call, was preparing to fetch the kids back from school under the accompaniment of his wife, Sharon. 
“Remember not to mention about their mother later on.” 
“Alright, I got it,” Sharon, who was behind the wheel, replied impatiently. 
However, her brows were furrowed with concern.
###Chapter 494
Chapter 494
Very soon, Sharon and Jackson arrived at Sakura Elementary School. 
That’s right. Vivian, Matteo, and Ian officially became elementary school students after their sixth birthday. 
Sharon parked the car and got down instead of Jackson to pick the kids up. 
“Oh? Grand-aunt, why are you here to pick us up today? Where are Daddy and Mommy?” 
Sharon went to pick up Vivian, who was in Class One, before getting to Matteo and Ian. 
The three of them were placed in separate classes ever since they entered elementary school. Vivian was in Class One, whereas Matteo and Ian were in Class Four and Class Five. 
She no longer had to worry about Ian as of now. 
Sharon’s heart melted at the sight of Vivian running towards her. 
“Yeah. Your parents are busy with work, so your granduncle and I came to pick you guys up.” 
“Oh, I see. Let’s go and look for Matt and Ian then, Grand-Aunt.” 
The adorable little girl took her words for it. She grabbed onto Sharon’s hand and went off to look for Matteo and Ian. 
Ian was with Matteo at the moment. 
The both of them would usually meet up before they went to hang out with Vivian. 
However, they headed to the school field instead of hanging out with their sister today. 
“Don’t you think something feels off yesterday at home?”
“What?” 
Matteo wasn’t as sensitive as Ian. He looked up and stared at Ian with a football in hand while saying those words. 
Ian was a little upset. “Haven’t you noticed? Mommy didn’t come home yesterday night.” 
“What? Really?” 
Matteo looked at Ian in shock. 
Sebastian put the kids to bed early yesterday night after Sasha got into trouble. He didn’t want the kids to worry about their mother. 
The next day, he told the kids that Sasha had gone to work early in the morning when they asked for her. 
Hence, Matteo and Vivian really took his word for it. 
However, Ian had a feeling that something was off. 
After all, he was way more meticulous than his siblings. 
“Mr. Frost came over yesterday. Moreover, Mommy left for work before Uncle Lance this morning. Don’t you think that was weird?” 
Matteo was tongue-tied, at a loss of how to respond. 
Just then, Vivian and Sharon arrived at the scene. 
“Matt, Ian, look, Grand-Aunt is here to pick us up.”
Vivian’s childlike voice rang out through the school field. 
Both of them turned around and saw their silly little sister skipping towards them with an adult behind her. Matteo and Ian were stunned. 
“What do you think? Am I right?” 
“Yes…” Matteo said helplessly. 
Soon, all of them left the school and went to the car. Jackson broke into a smile when he saw the three of them. “Hello kids, what do you want to eat today? It’s on me.” 
Matteo and Ian kept quiet, whereas their cute little sister, Vivian, clapped happily. “Yay! Granduncle Jackson. I want burgers.” 
“Ok sure. Burgers it is then. You can eat anything you want today.” 
Jackson patted her head and agreed to it. 
Hence, Jackson and Sharon brought the kids out for lunch today before sending them back to school. 
“Yes! They’re finally back, I can’t take it anymore.” Jackson was a hot-headed man. He breathed a sigh of relief after sending the kids back to school. 
Sharon rolled her eyes at him. 
“Don’t get too full of yourself. Lance called to say that their father passed out just now. We don’t even know if he can regain consciousness by tonight.” 
Jackson was crestfallen.
However, little did they know, the three kids snuck out of school again right after they left. 
“We must go home and see if Mommy’s around. I’m worried about her.” 
“Yes!” Matteo agreed. 
Vivian blinked in confusion. Even though she didn’t know what they were talking about, she had insisted on following them wherever they go. 
Hence, the three of them sneaked back home. 
“Hmm? Why is there a car parked here?” 
“Yeah, I’ve never seen this red car before. Is it Mommy’s new car?” Vivian checked out the Lamborghini parked in front of their gates out of curiosity. 
Mommy’s new car? 
How is that possible? Mommy prefers black or white as compared to striking colors like red, just like Daddy. 
Ian dismissed Vivian’s thoughts without hesitation. 
But who does this car belong to? 
The three of them stopped bickering and entered through the back gate. 
To their utter shock, they saw a familiar face upstairs upon entering the house.
###Chapter 495
Chapter 495
“Roxanne! What is she doing here? Is Daddy cheating on Mommy?” 
Matteo flew into a rage when he saw Roxanne, and Vivian followed suit. 
Ian, on the other hand, quietly observed her and frowned. 
“That’s not it, quiet down. I’m going upstairs to see what’s going on, ok?” He then sneaked upstairs. 
Matteo and Vivian huffed in frustration but didn’t say anything else as they waited for Ian’s return. 
Did Sebastian really summon Roxanne over? 
Of course not! 
Sebastian had yet to regain consciousness. 
“Is she really that important to you? You broke all the rules for her sake and pass out after that. Sebastian, I’m really…” 
Roxanne choked up as she sat by Sebastian’s bedside and stared at his handsome face. She would never get a chance to get up close and personal with him if he wasn’t unconscious. 
There was nothing she could do about it as bitterness rose in her heart. 
She had never expected that she would fall for him like that after breaking up with him years ago. 
“But you should just give up on her. She won’t be coming back anymore, not after falling into his hands.” 
Roxanne smiled in relief at that.
Ian didn’t know what she was talking about as he hid outside. Roxanne took a syringe and a bottle of liquid transparent drug out from her bag. 
What is she doing? 
Ian’s face darkened as he rushed into the room. “Roxanne, what are you trying to do to Daddy? Let go of him!” 
Roxanne went quiet. 
Ian rushed into the room and knocked the syringe and bottle of liquid drug off her hands before she could even register what was going on. 
Clang! 
Sebastian stirred when the glass of liquid drug shattered on the ground. 
Roxanne was quick to notice. She quickly stood up. “Little Ian, what are you doing? Uncle Lance called me over after your father passed out. This is his medicine.” 
“You’re lying. You’re not trying to treat Daddy at all.” 
Ian argued. He didn’t believe Roxanne at all. 
In order to make her story believable, Roxanne crouched down and pointed at the pile of broken glass. “Look here. You can send these over for a lab test if you don’t believe me.” 
“I don’t care. You are a witch!” 
Ian was on the verge of tears. He was only a seven-year-old child, after all. 
Matteo and Vivian heard the commotion and rushed upstairs to help Ian.
Just at that moment, a cold weak voice rang out from the bedroom. “Get… out!” 
Roxanne went quiet. 
She stood frozen in place. Her face turned ghastly white while Ian flopped into the bed. 
“Daddy, she’s a bad woman. She’s trying to harm you,” Ian wailed. He clung onto Sebastian and sobbed uncontrollably. 
Sebastian, who had regained consciousness, hugged him and remained silent. 
“Ok, I know. Don’t cry.” 
Roxanne paled even more. 
She looked at him in despair as her fingers trembled. “Sebastian, what are you talking about? You…” 
“Don’t you understand what I just said? Do you want me to throw you out?” 
Sebastian cut her off before she could even finish speaking. 
He glared icily at her, his bloodshot eyes filled with disgust. Roxanne sensed hostility all around him. 
She finally picked her bag up and stumbled out of the room. 
Sebastian Hayes, I assure you, you will regret this. 
The house finally quietened down after Roxanne left. After Ian calmed down, the three kids leaned against the bed and stared at Sebastian anxiously. 
“Daddy, are you sick? Should I call the doctor for you?”
Vivian finally noticed something was off as she climbed onto the bed to check Sebastian’s temperature with her tiny hands. 
Her actions warmed his heart. 
I still have to look after them aside from looking for Sasha. I must hang in there. 
Sebastian put Vivian’s hand down and carried her in his arms. “I’m fine, I just took a nap because I was tired.” 
“Really?” 
Vivian widened her eyes in delight. 
Sebastian carried her down from the bed alongside Matteo and Ian. 
“Of course, let’s go. I’ll make you something for lunch.” 
“Oh? But we already had burgers for lunch with Grand-Aunt and Granduncle.” 
“Really? But I haven’t eaten anything for the whole day. Can you eat with me?” 
“Okay.” 
“What about the two of you?” 
“Sure, Daddy.” 
Matteo and Ian replied in unison.
###Chapter 496
Chapter 496
They didn’t get the answer they wanted, but they were still delighted to see their daddy in one piece. 
After all, they could cross that bridge when they come to it later. 
Sebastian and the kids went to grab something to eat. After that, he spent the whole afternoon with them. 
In the evening, Sebastian got ready to leave. 
“I’ll go pick up Mommy now. Ms. Dolivo will arrive soon. Be good, alright?” 
“Yes, Daddy!” the three of them agreed obediently. 
Daddy is going to bring Mommy back home. Great! We won’t have to worry about her anymore. 
The kids were delighted to be reunited with their mommy again. Sebastian thought he could bring her back home, too. 
Alas, when he went to Hayes Corporation, the woman he wanted to see wasn’t there. Instead, Solomon was sitting there blankly. 
“Kill me if you want. I failed to locate her,” he said nonchalantly. 
“Your wish shall be granted!” Sebastian barked and cocked his gun to kill him. 
Luckily, Karl was there to stop him. 
“Mr. Hayes, calm down. Even if you kill him, we won’t be able to find Madam.” 
“Nonsense! He is involved in this matter. Once I kill him, the people working for him will release Sasha!” Sebastian declared, his eyes flashing murderous glint.
Solomon’s face paled. 
Still, he didn’t utter a word or admit to anything. 
In the end, Karl successfully stopped his furious boss and dragged him out. 
“Mr. Hayes, we can’t kill him now if we want to locate Madam. We need to keep an eye on him. Didn’t you see his reaction? He seems really helpless,” said Karl after they both entered the car. 
He was careful enough to notice Solomon’s subtle expression change. 
Back there, Sebastian was raging and didn’t think about observing Solomon’s reaction. 
Slowly, he calmed down. 
“It’s Sinch Enterprise.” 
“Yes, we’re sure she’s there. Still, Xenhall is too huge a place. It isn’t easy for us to find her.” 
“I’ll head there myself!” Sebastian announced, fury flaring within his reddened eyes. It was a terrifying sight. 
He’s going to go on a killing spree in Jetroina. Karl’s fists balled up. 
Yet, he said nothing and arranged for a helicopter to bring Sebastian to Jetroina. 
That night, Sebastian left Avenport. 
The kids waited for a long time, but neither their daddy nor mommy came home. 
“Kids, let’s go to bed. Your daddy and mommy might be a little late. We’ll see them tomorrow!” Wendy persuaded as they kept waiting earnestly for Sebastian and Sasha’s return.
When Vivian heard she could see her parents tomorrow morning, she trotted away to go to bed. 
Both Ian and Matteo remained. 
“Daddy lied to us, right?” 
“I don’t think so,” replied Ian after he took one look at his brother, who was close to tears. “Daddy must’ve gone to pick Mommy up and ran into trouble.” 
“Really?” Matteo sniffled. 
“Yes. He won’t leave us alone at home. Matt, I think we need to go to Roxanne tomorrow,” Ian suggested without warning. 
Matteo stared at him in confusion. “Why? Didn’t you see how she tried to harm Daddy today? Why do we need to go to her tomorrow?” 
“I heard her saying, ‘She won’t come back.’ when she gave Daddy his injection.” 
“Is she talking about Mommy?” Immediately, the smart Matteo realized what his brother was talking about. 
Ian nodded. “Yes. That’s why we need to find her. I think she knows where Mommy is.” 
The kids were smart enough to figure out the clue from Roxanne’s casual comment. 
Matteo agreed without hesitation. 
The next morning, after Wendy sent them to their school, the boys sneaked away and ran to Roxanne’s lab.
They were familiar with the place. Back then, when Matteo was receiving treatment there, they rented a house right next to the lab. 
Matteo headed in with a huge grin. “Hello, miss. Is Ms. Rocke here?” 
The nurse gasped in surprise upon seeing him. “Oh, it’s Matt! Yes, Dr. Rocke is inside,” she told him warmly.
###Chapter 497
Chapter 497
Matteo dashed into Roxanne’s office with Ian. 
He had a flower basket in his hand to show his sincerity. 
“Ms. Rocke? Ms. Rocke! I am here!” His cheeky voice rang out, attracting a few employees inside, including Roxanne, who was busy with an experiment. 
Matt’s here? 
Roxanne thought she had heard Matteo’s voice by mistake. He was hostile toward me yesterday. Why would he come here now? 
She pulled the door open. 
“Ms. Rocke, you’re here! I’m sorry about what happened yesterday. We were mistaken. I brought Ian here to apologize to you, so don’t be angry at us.” Matteo beamed and handed the flower basket to her. 
Instantly, the fragrance of the flowers wafted all over the lab. 
It took Roxanne a while to snap back to reality. 
She reached out slowly to take the flower basket. 
“I’m not mad at you guys. Why are you here? Don’t you need to go to school?” In fact, Roxanne couldn’t hide her affections for the kids. 
Back then, when Sasha was in Moranta, she was the one who took care of the boys. She even thought she’d end up being their mother. 
“Yes, we sneaked out from school. I’ve asked Uncle Lance about the injection, and he told us he was the one who asked you to come. We think we owe you an apology,” Matteo uttered and tugged on Ian’s
sleeves. 
Left with no choice, Ian went over and murmured softly of assent. 
Roxanne was thrilled at their apology. 
Since the kids no longer hate me, it will be easier for me to get near to their daddy. Anyway, the woman will never come back home again. 
Leaving her experiment aside, she brought the kids out to treat them to a meal. 
“Ms. Rocke, I wanna play games. Can you lend me your phone so I can play a game?” 
“Sure!” 
Roxanne was so happy that she didn’t suspect the little boy’s request. After they ordered some food, she handed him her phone readily after she heard Matteo tell her that he wanted to play games. 
Matteo took her phone and hinted at Ian, who immediately knew what he had to do. 
He pursed his lips unwillingly. For the first time in his life, the cool little boy pushed his glass of milk to her. “Put some sugar in.” 
“Huh?” Indeed, Roxanne was pleasantly surprised at his request. “Y-You want to add some sugar?” 
“Mm,” Ian answered with a nod. 
Roxanne was speechless. 
Getting to her feet hastily, she told him, “Okay. I’ll go add some sugar for you now.” 
She then ran off to do that.
When she disappeared from their sight, the boys immediately “dissected” her phone. 
As experienced hackers, even if there was a symbol missing on the phone, they were capable enough of digging it out and questioning it thoroughly. 
One minute later, they discovered what they came here for. 
“It’s a text sent by Trevor.” 
“What is it about?” 
“To warn her not to offend Daddy, as Ken Sato is here and will take action soon. She shouldn’t land herself in hot water.” 
Matteo restored all the deleted texts and showed Ian. 
Ken Sato? 
Ian frowned unhappily. 
Right then, Roxanne returned with the glass of milk added with sugar. Matteo promptly deleted his program and resumed his gaming. 
The kids went home with the information they wanted. 
Back home, Ian immediately called Sebastian to tell him about the news. 
Instead of his daddy, it was Karl who answered the phone. “What is it, Mr. Ian? Your daddy is in the middle of something, so he can’t answer your call.”
“Mr. Frost, are you looking for Mommy? We found someone related to the matter by the name of Ken Sato.” 
“Who?” 
Karl got to hand it to the kids, as they had just left Sinch Enterprise empty-handed. 
On the contrary, the boys managed to discover someone named Ken Sato. 
After hanging up, Karl looked at his boss, who was still exuding an intimidating aura. “Mr. Hayes, who is Ken Sato?” 
“Ken Sato?” An impatient Sebastian glared at him. “What about him?” 
“Mr. Ian called and informed me their investigation found this name.” 
Sebastian fell silent. 
He knew how smart the boys were. 
This Ken Sato must be related to Sasha’s disappearance. But who is he? 
He scrolled to the email that the Jetroinian investigator sent to him earlier and clicked into it. To his surprise, he saw Ken Sato’s name in the report. 
“He’s Tsurka’s butler.” 
“Butler?”
###Chapter 498
Chapter 498
Karl was astonished. “Why would the butler interfere in this matter? Mrs. Hayes’ kidnapping must be related to that share transfer agreement. Why would the butler be involved in Sinch Enterprise’s matter?” 
“Maybe it was Tsurka’s order.” 
“Tsurka?” 
“Yes, Tsurka is Solomon’s adoptive father. It isn’t strange for him to help Solomon.” 
Sebastian came to that conclusion after pondering over their relationship. 
Karl nodded in realization. “You mean we can go straight to Tsurka.” 
“Yes.” 
After knowing where to go next, the man jumped to his feet. 
Right then, his phone rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Sebastian, Frederick has been sent to the hospital due to his acute illness. Where are you? You should come over now!” 
It was his cousin, Saul Hayes. 
Sebastian grimaced at the news. 
Right at that moment, he nearly agreed to head back home, but the recent events popped up in his mind, along with the words said by Frederick that day.
Instantly, his gaze turned icy. 
“Why do I need to return? How does his illness concern me?” 
“Sebastian! Don’t be ignorant. Even though you no longer call the shots at Hayes Corporation, you’re still his son. If you don’t come back, who will handle the situation?” Saul answered hastily. 
“Am I his son?” Sebastian laughed mockingly. “Saul, you’re wrong. I’m not his only son. He has another healthy son in Hayes Corporation.” 
“Stop spouting nonsense. So what if he has another son? You’re still his son! Remember, he owns thirty-five percent of the company shares. I’ll be honest with you. Solomon’s lawyer is waiting outside the operating theater,” Saul revealed. 
Instantly, Sebastian gripped his phone tightly, nearly crushing it into pieces. 
Son? Is that what a son should do? He isn’t even dead, by his son is already waiting outside the operating theater. 
His gaze grew increasingly cold. 
After hearing that, Karl tried to convince him without going straight to the point. “Mr. Hayes, I think you should head back now. We can’t afford to set off any alarms. If it was indeed Tsurka, he might resort to desperate measures. What if he harms Mrs. Hayes?” 
As Sebastian said nothing, Karl added carefully, “Besides, your father is terribly ill now. I believe he won’t release Mrs. Hayes. What do you think?” 
Sebastian said nothing.
I should make sure my plan is foolproof. It’s easy to get into Sinch Enterprise and kill that Jetroinian, Ken Sato. 
My goal is to save that little fool so she’ll return to my side safe and sound. I can’t act recklessly. 
Tsurka, huh? Why is Solomon helpless against his adoptive father, though? After all, Tsurka made him the leader of Sinch Enterprise. Why can’t Solomon get him to release Sasha? 
He slammed the door shut in fury. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was wondering about the same thing. 
After she regained consciousness, the Jetroinians brought her back to Jetroina and made sure she was taken care of. She couldn’t understand why they had to lock her up. 
“What is this? Are you going to hold me captive forever? If this is Solomon’s order, I demand to talk to him,” yelled Sasha. 
When another person came to deliver her meal, Sasha lost her cool and overturn the tray of food. 
Alas, silence greeted her. 
These people who served her were soulless. 
After she overturned the tray of food, they cleared the mess and delivered another tray of food without saying anything. 
Are they crazy? 
Fury vibrated through Sasha’s being.
After kicking up a fuss for one whole week, finally, Ken showed up. 
“Ms. Wand, please stop kicking up a fuss. Otherwise, we might resort to harsh means to silence you.” 
“What do you want from me?” Sasha blanched in terror. “If you dare hurt me, my husband, Sebastian Hayes, won’t let you off easily!” 
“Sebastian Hayes?” To her surprise, the man chuckled lowly upon hearing Sebastian’s name. “Yes, he came here a short while ago. But he has already left Jetroina.” 
“What? He has left?” Sasha felt her heart sinking in disappointment. 
He left? Why? Won’t he save me? 
“Yes. As he didn’t remain in Avenport, we taught him a lesson. Hence, he had to go back,” the Jetroinian explained slowly. 
Sasha felt her blood freezing in horror at his words.
###Chapter 499
Chapter 499
Initially, she was disappointed to hear that Sebastian had left, but the Jetroinian’s explanation made her blood run cold. She nearly lost her balance. 
“What did you do to him?” she hissed in desperation, thinking they had harmed him. 
Luckily, Ken replied nonchalantly, “Calm down. I didn’t harm him. It was someone by his side. I want to serve him a reminder.” 
Sasha stood in silence for a while, trying to get her breath back. 
She pressed on. “Someone by his side? Who is it? By the way, where is my sister-in-law? She’s not here. Where is she?” 
Sasha was asking about Sabrina, as she didn’t see the latter after being brought here. 
Alas, Ken was running out of patience to answer her questions. He left a warning for her to stay put or risk being punished before stalking away. 
Sasha was shaking in indignation, but she couldn’t escape from here. 
Most importantly, she didn’t even know where she was. There was no way she could save Sabrina now. 
At that thought, she turned to glower at the maids in the house. 
“I’m hungry.” 
“Yes, Ms. Wand!” 
Indeed, the maids were delighted to hear that she was hungry. Two of them left to prepare some food for her.
Sasha watched calmly as they departed. When they both disappeared from sight, she stood up from the bench in the courtyard and walked slowly to her room. 
“Ms. Wand, how can I help you?” 
“I want to change my clothes. Come in,” Sasha replied in fluent Jetroinian, shocking the maid who came in after her. 
Without looking at the maid, Sasha strode into her room and took out an outfit. 
Strangely, though she was held captive in this place, she wasn’t treated like a prisoner. They even prepared an extremely expensive Jetroinian traditional outfit for her. 
“I don’t know how to put this on. Can you help me?” 
“Sure.” 
The maid came over earnestly. 
Before she could help the young lady to put on the outfit, something stabbed her waist. She immediately stopped in her tracks. 
“Don’t move. Otherwise, you might end up being a cripple,” Sasha announced, waving the needle in her hand. 
The maid paled at the sight of the needle. 
“W-What do you want?” 
“Don’t worry, I won’t make things difficult for you. I want to know where I am. Also, who is the real master of the house?”
Sasha was sharp enough to realize Ken wasn’t the master of the house. 
The maid sweated profusely but dared not utter a word. 
Nevertheless, in the end, she chose to stay alive and reveal the truth. 
“You’re in Mrs. Tsurka’s house in Kenfort.” 
“Mrs. Tsurka?” Something glinted in Sasha’s eyes upon hearing that name. “Ken Sato is Solomon’s assistant. Who is this Mrs. Tsurka?” 
The maid answered, “Ken is actually Mr. and Mrs. Tsurka’s butler. He isn’t related to Mr. Solomon. Mrs. Tsurka is Mr. George’s adoptive mother, and she was the one who ordered for you to be brought here.” 
Sasha was stunned into silence. It was Solomon’s adoptive mother who gave orders? Do I know Tsurka’s wife? Why would she hold me captive here? 
If she’s Solomon’s adoptive mother, there’s no need for her to treat me this well. These housemaids made sure I was fed and taken care of. 
Sasha was confused, as she thought Solomon’s adoptive mother would want to rip her to pieces. 
Right then, the other maids returned with her meal. She tamped down her curiosity and asked the last question. “Where is the girl who was abducted along with me? Where is she now?’ 
“I-I don’t know. You were brought here, and she was…” 
“What happened to her?” 
“She was tied up in a sack and dumped onto a ship,” the maid responded with a miserable expression on her face.
Sasha felt her heart sank at the revelation. 
Tied in a sack and dumped onto a ship? Where is she now? 
She couldn’t believe they would do that to Sabrina, who had never been mistreated by anyone in her life. 
Dashing out, she barked, “I want to see that woman now! I want to talk to her!”
###Chapter 500
Chapter 500
Sebastian returned home that very night. 
Indeed, the moment he landed, he received a call from Saul. 
“Sebastian, are you back? We’re at the hospital now. You can come here after landing.” 
“No. I need to go home,” Sebastian declined coolly. 
Karl didn’t try to convince him to change his mind, for he knew how much his boss hated Frederick. At least he had agreed to come back for now. 
Back at the Wand residence, Wendy greeted him warmly. “Mr. Hayes, welcome back home. It’s good to see you!” 
Sebastian nodded and came in, exhaustion showing on his face. He took a look at the lit-up hallway and asked, “Where are they? Are they asleep?” 
“Yes. They were waiting for you, but I told them you went to look for their mommy, and they should eat and sleep well. They agreed to go to bed so you won’t worry about them,” Wendy revealed and sighed. 
Why can’t they have a happy life? Why won’t their rivals leave them alone? 
“Got it. You can go to bed now.” 
Sebastian couldn’t really tell her anything, so he told her to go to bed. 
Wendy put down the cup of tea she had been holding and left. 
She wanted to ask why Sasha didn’t follow him back, but she chose not to say anything in the end. 
The answer was obvious from Sebastian’s weariness.
Mrs. Hayes, I hope you can return soon. 
Karl came in and saw Wendy returning to her bedroom. Worried that his boss might fret, he reported, “Mr. Hayes, don’t worry. I’ve sent someone to monitor Ken Sato. I’ll inform you right away if something happens.” 
“I know.” 
Hearing Sebastian’s response, Karl offered his opinion carefully. “Also, I think they won’t hurt Mrs. Hayes before getting your father’s shares. You don’t have to worry for the time being.” 
“Mm,” Sebastian mumbled in approval. 
He had the same idea in mind. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have come home that swiftly. 
Sebastian went upstairs to the kids’ rooms. Normally, the kids would sleep in their respective rooms, but tonight, they were sleeping in the same bed. 
Under the alluring moonlight that sipped through the windows, their sleeping silhouettes intertwined on the bed. Strangely, Sebastian felt guilty at the sight. 
Last night, he left them without hesitation. 
What was going on in their minds? How did they tamp down their fear of losing their mommy and get that clue for me? 
Sebastian felt his heart clenching painfully at that thought. He trudged over and sat down at the edge of the bed. 
“Daddy, you’re back?”
To his surprise, the moment he sat down, Ian, who was sleeping on the outermost side of the bed, jolted awake. 
Sebastian paused briefly before nodding. “Mm, I’m back. Why are you still awake?” 
“I-I can’t sleep. Daddy, did you find Mommy?” 
Carefully, Ian sat up and crawled out from under his covers to not wake his siblings up. He then stared earnestly at his daddy. 
His gaze went straight through Sebastian’s heart like an iron shard. 
“I found her, thanks to you little investigators. But, due to some unfortunate circumstances, I can’t bring her back home for now. Will you blame me?” he asked while picking his son up. 
Ian leaned into his daddy’s embrace and shook his head vehemently. “No. You’ll bring Mommy back. It’s only a matter of time.” 
He’s indeed brilliant. Look how mature he is. 
Sebastian breathed a sigh of relief. 
Patting Ian’s head gently, he flashed a smile. “Mmm, you’re right. I’ll bring Mommy back one day. Go back to bed. I’ll have to take a shower now.” 
“Okay, Daddy,” the boy responded obediently. 
He snuggled back under the covers and flung his chubby arms around his little sister. Shortly after, he fell into a deep slumber. 
The corners of Sebastian’s mouth quirked into a smile as he left the bedroom.
He had a good night’s rest that night. 
The next morning, Wendy had just woken up when someone started banging on the door. 
She answered the door and greeted, “Mr. Saul? Why are you here?” 
“I’m here for Sebastian. Where is he?” Saul demanded anxiously. 
Wendy looked upstairs without replying. 
Seeing her reaction, Saul stormed in and yelled, “Sebastian, wake up! Frederick needs to transfer to another hospital as his condition is deteriorating, but Solomon’s men insisted on bringing him to Jetroina. Hurry, we need to head to the hospital now!”
###Chapter 501
Chapter 501
It was still early morning, so his desperate yell could’ve wakened up the residents in the building. 
Naturally, Sebastian was woken up rudely. 
He initially thought of ignoring Saul, but the kids were here, so he had no choice but to get up grimly. 
“What’s with the yell? He’s ill, so it’s perfectly normal for his son to send him to Jetroina, right?” 
“Normal? Who knows what they are planning. Sebastian, stop being childish and follow me to the hospital right now,” Saul declared and dashed forward to drag him out. 
Luckily, Wendy was on his side. “Mr. Hayes, you should go visit your father before it’s too late.” 
Sebastian remained quiet for some time. 
In the end, he glared at them and changed his clothes before leaving with his cousin. 
Around twenty minutes later, they arrived at the hospital. 
Sebastian didn’t want to be here, especially after the old man called him a hypocrite, causing them to have a fallout. 
Yes, he had always rebelled against his father, but no one knew how important his father was to him. 
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have agreed to marry Sasha when Frederick ordered him to do so. 
Alas, everything had changed now. 
Saul drove ahead and glanced in the rearview mirror at the aloof man seated in the backseat. Seeing how grouchy the man was, he dared not say anything throughout the entire journey.
Upon their arrival, the leader of Black Hawk, Channing Woods, who had been working for Frederick for a long time, came to greet them. 
Saul opened the car door without saying anything. 
Channing took one look at the man in the car and exclaimed in delight, “Mr. Sebastian, you’re here!” 
It was as though Sebastian was his last straw of hope. 
Regardless, Sebastian didn’t respond to his enthusiasm and merely flash a mocking smirk. 
Channing was rendered speechless. 
Saul hastily dragged him away. “At least he’s here, right? That’s what’s important. We should head to Frederick now.” 
“Okay!” 
Channing led them into the hospital hastily. 
Frederick had suffered from a heart attack, so he wasn’t doing well now. After stabilizing his condition, they had to operate on him to save his life. 
Still, as his heart attack came too suddenly, the local hospital dared not operate on him. 
Hence, they suggested transferring him to a better hospital. 
“Mr. Sebastian, we’ve contacted the best surgeon in Jadeborough. But Mr. Solomon refused to let us head there. He said it will be better if his father receives treatment in Jetroina.” Channing explained the whole situation and gazed at Sebastian earnestly.
The moment Sebastian heard how he addressed Solomon as “Mr. Solomon,” he couldn’t help but shudder in disgust. 
“Let him go to Jetroina, then. You should listen to your Mr. Solomon.” 
Channing paled, realizing he had said something wrong. 
Saul hurriedly interjected, “That won’t do! We’re waiting for you to make a decision!” 
He tugged on Sebastian and led him into the elevator. 
The doctors were surrounded by a few strangers outside the ICU when they arrived. 
A spectacled man in a suit holding a briefcase was questioning the doctors, “Are you sure he can’t speak? I thought his condition is stable now? Why can’t he talk? I need to confirm something with him right now.” 
“No. The patient is still in critical condition. How can he talk?” 
“What? But it concerns his will!” the man blurted out. 
Sebastian, who had just arrived, heard what he said clearly. He merely stuck his hand into his pocket nonchalantly, saying nothing. 
Everyone felt an indescribable sense of oppression in the air, causing them to tremble in fear. 
“M-Mr…” 
“Kill him!” Sebastian ordered coolly.
He didn’t even explode in anger or show any hint of fury in his expression. Standing there, he was the epitome of elegance. 
Nevertheless, the spectacled man’s face immediately contorted in horror. 
“No, Mr. Hayes. Please listen to my explanation. I didn’t mean that. I—” 
Crack! 
He didn’t even get the chance to finish his sentence, for Channing had stepped forward to choke his neck. The spectacled man went limp under his chokehold promptly. 
Channing Woods was someone more terrifying than Karl, for he was the one who established Black Hawk under the Hayes family. The mere mention of Black Hawk would get others to tremble in fear.
###Chapter 502
Chapter 502
“Mr. Sebastian, wait a minute. I’ll dispose of him.” 
“Mm.” 
Sebastian gave him one last look and went to the doctor’s office. 
He might hate Frederick, but he wouldn’t allow outsiders to humiliate his father. 
The people who were trying to convince the doctors with the lawyer immediately fled the scene after seeing Sebastian’s cruelty. 
That was so scary! He might no longer be the president of Hayes Corporation, but he’s still intimidating and merciless. 
Sebastian and Saul came to the doctor’s office. 
“Mr. George, you shouldn’t bring your father to Jetroina. It’s too long a journey, and I’m afraid he can’t take it.” 
“Yes, Mr. George. Old Mr. Hayes’ situation is critical, so it’s best for him to head to Jadeborough. Please reconsider your decision.” 
Clearly, the doctors were trying to convince Solomon to change his mind. 
Just a second later, a familiar voice rang out. “Don’t worry about that. I’ll arrange a private jet to bring him there. I’ve also contacted the doctor from Jetroina to come here. He will be on the same flight to monitor him.” 
It was Solomon’s voice. 
Saul felt his limbs going numb. “Sebastian, hurry and get in there. We can’t stop him now.”
However, Sebastian made no move to head in. 
“Isn’t that good?” 
“But—” 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re here! Great. Come on in!” 
When they were conversing, the doctor opened the door. He was pleasantly surprised to see Sebastian out there. 
First Hospital was one of Hayes Corporation’s assets, so Sebastian had shown up for a few management meetings here. 
Those doctors who had been here for a while knew who he was. 
Frowning, Sebastian had no choice but to walk into the office. 
Indeed, Solomon and a man in his forties were in that room. 
The man even gave Sebastian a nod and grinned. 
Who is this? 
The disgust in Sebastian’s heart intensified. He didn’t even bother sitting down and demanded, “What is going on?” 
“Your father’s condition is stable now. As he’s old and had a blockage in the aorta, we suggest he gets transferred to a better hospital.” 
“Then?”
“Then, we suggest for him to transfer to a hospital in Jadeborough. We even contacted that hospital in advance. But Mr. George here says he doesn’t believe the local doctors and insists on bringing his father to Jetroina. We think—” 
“Sure. Go to Jetroina, then. That sounds like a great idea,” Sebastian cut in coolly and agreed to Solomon’s idea. 
The doctors were stunned. 
Even Solomon couldn’t conceal his astonishment as he whipped his head around to stare at Sebastian. 
Why is he acting differently? He’s not here to stop me? What is his plan? 
He found it hard to believe, but it was true. 
The man who nearly killed him two days ago because of his wife seemed impassive today. 
It was as though this matter had nothing to do with him. 
“Sebastian?” 
“That’s it, then. I need to go now,” Sebastian responded irritatedly and turned on his heels to leave. 
Everyone else shared dazed looks. They couldn’t believe he had just left without looking back! 
Solomon snapped back to reality and sneered at Sebastian’s retreating figure. “Frederick Hayes, just look at the son you brought up personally. You protected him and even stained your own hands with blood. Now, do you regret after seeing how ruthless he is?” 
In the end, it was decided that Frederick would be transferred to Jetroina to receive treatment.
As the matter was settled, Solomon returned to his company and left the private jet’s arrangements to Ken. 
“I warn you, this is the end of it. If anything happens to him after he arrives in Jetroina, I’ll make sure you regret your actions!” he warned Ken before leaving. 
The smile on Ken’s face didn’t even waver at his warning. 
“What’s wrong? Mr. George, do you have feelings for your biological father after spending a few months with him? You don’t want to see him in trouble?” 
“That’s none of your business!” Solomon declared, his eyes turning crimson red in rage as though he wanted to tear Ken into pieces. 
“Ken, inform that woman not to challenge my bottom line. That includes both Frederick and Sasha. Otherwise, she’ll regret having given birth to me in the first place,” he warned between gritted teeth.
###Chapter 503
Chapter 503
It was a blessing to be born into the world, but now, Solomon was saying he’d make his mother regret giving birth to him if she continued challenging his limits. 
Ken said nothing after that and brought his men to the airport. 
“Mr. Sato, you’re here.” 
“Mm. Is the patient on the plane?” Ken asked as his gaze landed on the luxurious plane parked nearby. 
The man wearing shades immediately nodded. “Yes, he’s already up there. Everyone is ready, save for you.” 
“Okay.” 
Ken strode toward the plane. 
After boarding the plane, before he could take his seat, a figure appeared behind him and struck him. 
Instantly, he blacked out and collapsed weakly. 
“Mr. Hayes, done. He’s unconscious,” the figure looked up and reported enthusiastically. 
That man was the person who had just opened the car door for Ken earlier. 
After dealing with Ken, he was reporting to the pilot in the cockpit. 
Yes, the plane no longer belonged to Ken. It had been hijacked by Sebastian. 
The man was sitting in the cockpit, his face grim. He didn’t feel like answering his excited subordinate. 
“So? Do you want me to teach you what to do next?”
Channing fell silent. 
Just bear with it. He must be fuming now. I can’t afford to offend him. 
Silently, Channing brought Ken out of the plane to dispose of him. 
After that, they flew to Jadeborough with Frederick. 
Roxanne was heading to the Wand residence again. 
“Wendy, are the kids at home? I brought along some snacks for them.” 
“Yes, they are.” 
It was the weekend, and Wendy couldn’t lie and say the kids were at school, so she had no choice but to reply that the kids were home. 
Roxanne sauntered into the house cheerfully. 
Matteo heard the commotion downstairs and immediately scowled unhappily. He didn’t want to flatter and talk to his woman. 
Suddenly, Ian stopped him. 
“Daddy hadn’t brought Mommy home yet. We still need to be polite to her.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“We can try to fish some information from her. Perhaps she knows where Mommy is,” Ian explained. 
In fact, Roxanne knew about it. 
She was bold enough to come here, as she had a trump card.
“Matt, Vivi, your daddy isn’t home today?” 
“Daddy’s at the hospital because Grandpa’s sick. Ms. Rocke, didn’t you visit Grandpa?” Vivian replied innocently. 
Vivian disliked Roxanne too, but her brothers told her not to show her displeasure to the latter. Hence, she decided to chat with her. 
Roxanne was delighted to hear that. 
“Oh, I’ll head there after visiting you kids. On second thought, I need to go to the hospital now. This is the medicine I prepared for your daddy to relieve his stress. Can you give it to him when he comes back later?” Roxanne uttered as she brought out a few bottles of medicine from her bag. 
This was the main purpose of her visit today. 
After the boys came to her and offered their apologies two days ago, she felt it was time to try to seduce the man again. The medicine would be a perfect excuse for her to show up at their house. 
Vivian and Matteo couldn’t bring themselves to say anything, so Ian stretched out his hand and uttered coolly, “Okay.” 
His action pleased Roxanne greatly. 
Ah, look how adorable he is! 
She left, extremely pleased with herself. I shall come back when Sebastian is at home. 
She would never know that the boy she called “adorable” would empty the contents of the bottles into the garden once she made her leave.
Matteo exclaimed, “Ian! What if the flowers die from the poison?” 
Vivian knelt beside the flowers sadly. “Ian, don’t feed the flowers poison. Next time, we should pour them into the drain to poison the rats.” 
“Sorry,” Ian apologized profusely. 
Wendy’s jaw dropped at the sight. Wow, the kids are really amazing. 
After Roxanne’s departure, Wendy allowed the kids to head out to have some fun on the weekend. 
The neighborhood was quite safe, and there was a playground right outside their house. 
When the kids held hands and skipped along the street, they saw a crowd at the market nearby. 
“What happened?” 
“Come, let’s go and check it out!” 
The boys dashed over to find out what was going on. 
To their utter shock, they saw a familiar person lying on the ground in the middle of the crowd. 
“Aunt Sabrina? Why is Aunt Sabrina here?” 
“Matteo, hurry. Let’s call Daddy!” 
“Aunt Sabrina!” 
The kids panicked instantly.
###Chapter 504
Chapter 504
At General Hospital in Jadeborough. 
When Sebastian received his son’s call, he had just arranged for Frederick’s surgery with the help of Devin Jadeson. 
He couldn’t believe his ears. “What? Aunt Sabrina?” 
“Yes, Daddy. Aunt Sabrina is lying on the ground in the market opposite the playground in front of our house. When will you be back?” Matteo inquired naively. He had no idea his father wasn’t in Avenport now. 
After confirming the fact, Sebastian could hardly contain his happiness. “Matt, I’m not in Avenport right now. I’ve brought Grandpa to Avenport to treat his illness. Listen to me carefully. I’ll ask Karl to come over right now. Take care of your Aunt Sabrina until he arrives, alright?” 
“Sure!” Matteo answered. 
Daddy gave us a mission to take good care of Aunt Sabrina. We must not disappoint him! 
The children held hands and formed a circle around Sabrina to protect her from the crowd. 
“Stay away. This is our aunt, so no one is allowed to touch her.” 
“Yes, don’t touch her!” Vivian warned. 
Back in Jadeborough, Sebastian hung up and was going to head back to Avenport. 
Devin frowned at his actions. “You’re leaving that soon? Won’t you wait until your father comes out of his surgery? The hospital director said his condition is quite critical. If you leave now…” he trailed off as his meaning was clear.
If Sebastian were to leave now, he might not get to see his father for the last time. 
Alas, Sebastian was unfazed. 
“That’s his fate. I’ve done my job by sending him here,” the man responded coolly and spun on his heels to leave. 
Devin fell silent. 
“Mr. Sebastian, can I talk to you in private?” Right then, Channing returned after dealing with the procedures. He immediately stopped Sebastian from leaving and asked to talk to him. 
A few minutes later, they both stopped at a quiet corridor in the hospital. 
Channing stood still and stared at the young man who he had watched growing up. After a long silence, he said, “Mr. Sebastian, before Mr. Hayes had a heart attack, he made a will with his lawyer, Gabriel Averton.” 
His words caught Sebastian by surprise. 
Channing continued, “Mr. Hayes knew this would happen one day, so he made arrangements beforehand by leaving all his shares to you.” 
“What? Come again?” Sebastian regained his composure and glared at him. 
Did he leave his entire fortune to me? How could that be possible? 
He was so afraid I’d take away his fortune meant for his other son. Didn’t he curse and insult me back then? 
Now, he’s leaving his shares to me in his will? Isn’t that too ridiculous?
Sebastian refused to believe it. “Are you lying to make me stay?” 
“No. If you don’t believe me, let me call Gabriel now. I’ll ask him to send a photo of the will over.” 
Before waiting for Sebastian’s reply, Channing dialed Gabriel’s number. 
A few minutes later, Sebastian’s phone buzzed. He pulled it out and clicked into the photo he received hesitantly. Indeed, a legitimate will with Frederick’s signature was displayed on the screen. 
“Mr. Hayes didn’t want you to take the twenty percent of shares because he had planned to leave his thirty-five percent of shares to you. He refused to let you take charge of Hayes Corporation to protect you. All he wanted was for you and your wife to have a blissful life together.” 
How ridiculous. Kicking me out of Hayes Corporation was to protect me? That’s utter nonsense! 
Anger clouded Sebastian’s face as he parted his lips to press on. Right then, Devin rushed to him and declared, “Sebastian, your father isn’t doing well. Hurry, let’s go to the operating theater now.” 
Sebastian put off the cigarette in his hand instinctively and dashed toward the operating theater with his best friend. 
Alas, Frederick was already in the operating theater when he arrived in a huff. He stared blankly at the red light outside the operating theater silently. 
What if he didn’t make it? What shall I do? 
That threw him into a dilemma. 
I might feel exhilarated for a moment, for he had yelled at me and hurt my feelings a lot.
Nevertheless, Sebastian looked down and realized his hands were trembling. He couldn’t even hold a cigarette. 
“Damn it!” he growled and kicked the trashcan right beside him. 
Instantly, the metallic clang reverberated throughout the hallway. 
Devin told him, “Calm down. General Hospital is the best hospital in the country. Have some confidence in the surgeon. Your father will be fine.” 
Slowly, the emotional Sebastian gradually calmed down. 
The surgery went on for three hours. 
Three hours later, the doors slid open as a medical staff pushed out a body covered with a white cloth.
###Chapter 505
Chapter 505
Sebastian couldn’t stand properly after seeing that. 
Channing grabbed the doctor’s shoulders and roared. “What happened? Isn’t this the best hospital? What have you done to Mr. Hayes, huh?” 
He almost fractured the doctor’s shoulders. 
Devin immediately went up to stop them. “Calm down, you guys. Listen to what the doctor has to say first!” 
The hospital in the military headquarters was the best in the country. 
This was why Devin admitted Frederick into this hospital after receiving Sebastian’s call. 
No one expected Frederick’s condition to deteriorate all of a sudden. 
“It’s not the usual case of myocardial infarction. We noticed Mr. Hayes’ aorta is all hardened, and it’s due to excessive use of medication…” the doctor explained. 
The doctor explained further about the condition, but Sebastian could not recall a thing he said anymore. 
When Sebastian regained consciousness, he only remembered wearing the sterile gown and sitting beside the bed in the ICU ward. 
Frederick was on ventilatory support even though his heart was not beating anymore. 
“You’re just gonna lie here and assume I’ll forgive you?” Sebastian glared at the old man and murmured. 
Yet, at this stage, Frederick could no longer scold and annoy Sebastian like how he did in the past.
The ward was filled with pin-drop silence. 
Channing, who stood outside the ward, turned to Devin and gave him a USB drive. “Can you please pass this to Sebastian later?” 
Devin gave him a puzzled look. “Where are you going? Let’s wait for him, and we’ll discuss the next course of action together.” 
Yet, Channing, who had worked closely with Frederick for years, responded with a grin and left. 
Two days later, Sebastian walked out of the crematorium with Frederick’s cremation urn. 
“We received news from Jetroina. Channing is dead, but he killed Ken Sato,” Devin delivered the news with a heavy heart. 
Sebastian tightened his grip on the urn and closed his eyes. “Where’s the thing he gave you?” 
“Here.” Devin took out the USB drive and passed it to him. 
Sebastian had been avoiding the USB drive in the last few days because he could not accept Frederick’s death. 
At the same time, he was afraid to find out all the secrets he had been trying to figure out in the last two years. And he believed the USB drive contained all the answers to his doubts. 
Yet, he did not dare to face the truth. 
With the demise of Channing, Sebastian had no choice but to see what was in it. 
While flying back to Avenport with Frederick’s ashes, he opened the USB drive and found a video in it.
“Sebastian, if you’re watching this video, I’m afraid I would have been gone. I always knew this day would come, and I hope you can pull yourself together,” Frederick, who was sitting in the garden, spoke in the video. 
Frederick was all calm and steady, unlike how he had reprimanded Sebastian over the incident at the memorial hall. The elderly man was even smiling as he spoke. 
“I know you’re mad that I didn’t hand the Hayes Corporation to you. I’m sorry, but I have my reasons, and I don’t regret it. You’re not made for that kind of life, Sebastian.” 
“When I forced you to take up Hayes Corporation, I thought I made the right choice,” Federick explained why he did not want Sebastian to take over the corporation. “Yet, there were people who threatened you with your illness and tried to sabotage you. I finally realized I’d made a grave mistake. I thought I had your best interest in mind, but in reality, I made your life a living hell.” 
Is that the reason? 
Sebastian did not buy the story. 
Just like what Channing mentioned earlier, Frederick did talk about the will. 
“This will is for you. I’ve given you thirty-five percent of the shares,” Frederick continued. “Though you’re not the ultimate decision-maker, you’re still the second-biggest shareholder of the corporation. With this will, you should be able to live comfortably with Sasha and the kids for the rest of your lives.” 
Suddenly, Frederick stopped talking in the video. 
Sebastian stared at the screen, wondering what he would say next.
“So please leave Solomon alone. I owed him so much, and I want to make it up to him. And he’s also your brother. Let bygones be bygones, okay?” That was the last thing he said in the video. 
Toward the end, Frederick’s smile had disappeared, and guilt was written all over his face. Sebastian noticed that tears welled up in his father’s eyes. 
It was as if he was begging Sebastian not to complicate the matter anymore.
###Chapter 506
Chapter 506
Fury surged through Sebastian, and he was about to explode in anger. How he wished he could smash the USB drive into pieces. 
This was what he had to say? That’s all? 
He included me in his will because he wanted me to stay away from his son. What a brilliant plan! 
A corner of his mouth quirked up. He stared at the USB drive with his teary eyes and burst into laughter. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you okay?” Karl was worried upon seeing his reaction. 
“I’m fine. Pass this urn to Solomon later. Tell him the old man gave me thirty-five percent of the company shares. I’ll give him all the shares, but he must bring her back to me.” Sebastian handed the urn over to Karl so that he could give it to Solomon when they arrived. 
Karl was taken aback. 
Give…give this to Solomon? I must have heard it wrongly, right? 
The moment they touched down at Avenport’s airport, Sebastian stormed out of the building right away. 
Karl had no choice but to bring the urn to Hayes Corporation. 
At this point, Solomon had learned about Frederick’s death. He flew into a rage, turning his office upside down. 
When Karl walked into his office with the urn, Solomon froze. “What is it all about?” 
The color drained out of his face as he stared blankly at the urn.
Karl placed the urn on his desk. “Mr. Hayes told me to bring this to you. He said he’ll give you the thirty- five percent of his company shares once you bring his wife back safely.” 
“And if you refuse to cooperate, he’ll personally come over and take over your position in the company.” Karl pointed at his chair. 
Upon hearing that threat, Solomon’s face turned even paler. 
Thirty-five percent of shares went to him? That old man gave all his shares to him? 
It looks like the man cared about him more than me—his biological son! 
Solomon clenched his fists so hard that his knuckle cracked. His jealousy toward Sebastian continued to grow stronger. 
In the end, he still got in touch with the people in Jetroina. 
“What the hell? The old man gave the company shares to that bast*rd and not his own son? Was he out of his mind?” The woman in Jetroina cursed. 
Solomon contained his anger and reminded her. “Since Sebastian is willing to give up his shares, I’ll still be the biggest shareholder of the company even if we don’t know where the 20% is. You should be happy.” 
The woman on the other end of the line kept mum for a while before saying, “So you really want me to release Heather’s daughter?” 
“Did I ask you to keep her around in the first place?” Solomon asked. 
“I’m only doing this for you since you still have feelings for her, right?” the woman defended herself.
Solomon threatened her with a smirk. “Say it one more time, and I’ll jump from the top of Hayes Corporation. You’ll lose everything.” 
His threat rendered the woman speechless right away, and she eventually ended the call. 
Solomon threw the phone aside and sat on his chair. He could not stop his body from shaking upon thinking about the news he received. 
Meanwhile, at Kenford in Jetroina, Sasha found out that they were releasing her the next day. 
“Mrs. Tsurka said you’re free to go now. Here’s your flight ticket and some cash. You can return to your country now.” The woman who came to inform her was not Ken but a middle-aged woman. 
Yet, the way she spoke was as aloof as Ken. 
Sasha gave her a puzzled look. 
I’m free to go? 
She could not believe what the woman said. 
Just a few days ago, Sasha attempted to escape because of the Sabrina incident, and these people reinforced the wall of the building to prevent her from running away again. 
And all of a sudden, they changed their mind and let me go? 
“What trick are you trying to pull next? Are you still trying to make me give up the share transfer agreement? I have told you that I know nothing about it, and I don’t have it with me!” Sasha shot a sullen glare at the woman.
Surprisingly, the woman replied in a calm voice, “We don’t need that agreement anymore. You’d better leave now before I lock the door.” 
Sasha immediately grabbed the ticket and cash over and dashed out of the premises. 
Finally, she regained her freedom. 
Instead of going directly to the airport, she put on a mask and made a trip to Lostaria. 
That was the place of origin of the Tsurka family. 
Sasha wanted to find out more about the mysterious Mrs. Tsurka. She wanted to know who she was and how did she get Solomon to do things for her.
###Chapter 507
Chapter 507
Sasha arrived in Lostaria. 
“Excuse me, may I know how to get to the Tsurka family residence?” 
“Might you be asking about Jade Garden?” the Jetroinian girl bowed politely and inquired in return. 
Jade Garden? 
Sasha did not know too much about the Tsurkas, but nodded reflexively when she heard that name. “Yes.” 
“You should take a taxi and go about three miles in this direction, Miss. When you see a yard full of peonies, you’ll know that you’re in the right place,” said the girl who went on to offer further details. 
Sasha thanked her promptly before she flagged down a taxi and headed toward the place described. 
Peonies? 
Does Jetroina have peonies? And an entire garden of it? 
That was the one question Sasha obsessed over the short ride. 
After ten minutes or so, her eyes widened in astonishment when greeted with the sight of a sea of deep purple and brilliant red before she steadily alighted. 
They really are peonies! 
Not only that, the entire garden was intricately imbued with an old-world charm. The walls which enclosed this sea of blossoms were constructed using blue bricks and red tiles, with circular sectors hollowed out at intervals within its wave-like form.
At first impression, she felt like she have stepped into a Chanaean garden back home rather than any place in Jetroina. 
Why would a Jetroinian family employ such an architectural style? 
That did much to pique Sasha’s curiosity, and when she came closer, she discovered a sweet voice emanating from the other side of that wall. 
“He’s being difficult.” 
“What’s the matter? Has he upset you again?” 
The discontent conveyed through that delicate voice was followed closely by the gentle inflection of a concerned older male. 
The woman sounded mildly miffed, and it was not certain what she was doing before the splashing of water was heard. 
“He’s not being appreciative at all. The reason why I kept that lass around was because he couldn’t seem to move on from her, and now he’s cussing at me and even threatening to jump to his death? Is he mental?” 
Sasha was slightly taken aback. 
This voice, doesn’t sound that lovely anymore. 
After hearing how the demure voice from before had seemingly morphed into that of a mean-spirited and foul-mouthed shrew, Sasha could no longer refrain from peering inside through that fan-shaped opening.
There was, indeed, a woman and a man inside, but to Sasha’s surprise, they were not in a yard, but a hot spring surrounded by peonies on all four sides. 
At this moment, a bikini-clad woman with a wicked figure was canoodling with a pot-bellied elderly man. 
“So, this is what it’s about. There’s no need to get all worked up over this. The kid cares a lot about his pride and surely won’t make a move for as long as that girl remains Sebastian’s wife. But worry not. With Frederick now dead, we’ll just have to wait until we secure all of Hayes Corporation’s shares. When the time comes, wouldn’t it be easy for us to have her marry Solomon?” 
Sasha was all thunderstruck and mouth agape as she listened in. 
Is Frederick… dead? 
However, this was not the worst of it. The more terrifying sight she picked up through her vantage point was when the woman was happily coaxed into facing around toward the elderly man. 
Smack! 
Sasha’s mind blanked out when she glared at the woman, stupefied. 
How could this be? 
This woman… why does she resemble that person in the photograph Mom had always kept close to her? 
Mom said she’s called Yancy Young, her very best friend who, unfortunately, passed away when her child was only eight. 
Shell-shocked to see the woman still alive and kicking, Sasha staggered backward and missed her footing.
Crash! 
“Who’s there?” 
The man inside the hot spring turned around sharply with a murderous gaze. 
Sasha brought a hand over her mouth to prevent herself from crying out, but she had no time to escape before several deft shadows rose from within the Jade Garden and pounced upon her. 
“How disappointing. I’ve considered letting you off this once on your mother Heather’s account, but you just have to show up here. Now, you’ve no one else to blame but yourself.” 
After Yancy got dressed, she walked over with arms akimbo and regarded the woman who had been subdued by the bodyguards. 
Sasha jerked her head up and glared back. “So, it really is you. Why did you do it? Why did you lie to my mother?” 
“Hmm…” The woman finally evoked some semblance of self-consciousness. “It was… a matter of expediency back then.” 
“A matter of expediency? My mother supported and raised your son like her own until he turned eighteen, and kept his identity a secret at your request. When you wanted to send him abroad at eighteen, she put in the money and effort to make arrangements. And now, you’re turning around to casually dismiss it as a matter of expediency? How could you, Yancy Young?” 
Recalling everything that her mother did for this woman made Sasha choke up when she confronted her.
###Chapter 508
Chapter 508
Yancy appeared to be rather bristled. 
“What the heck do you know? I did it all for the sake of vengeance, and besides, didn’t my son already repay you for everything that your mother had done? When you were forced out by the Hayes and cast adrift overseas, wasn’t my son the one who has been constantly helping you?” 
“You…” 
“Enough of this. I’m done talking. Now that you found out about me, you can forget about going back.” 
With a wave of her hand, the woman motioned for the few attending bodyguards to have Sasha pulled onto her feet and taken away. 
Upon sensing her intentions, Sasha started to put up a desperate struggle. “You won’t get away with this, Yancy. You killed Frederick and deceived your best friend into raising your son for you. Sebastian will surely seek you out to avenge his father, and nothing good shall befall you!” 
The woman’s lips pursed tightly before she suddenly raised her hand and slapped her. 
Sasha, who was being dragged along, felt her own face arched to one side with a resounding smite. 
“Nothing good shall befall me? What have I done wrong to be deserving of such a fate? At twenty, I became pregnant with the child of a man who would rather abort his own child in order to safeguard one who wasn’t of his own blood. What wrong was I guilty of then?” 
All inside the yard, including Sasha, fell dead silent. 
What did she mean by that? 
Safeguarding one who wasn’t of his own blood?
“Listen here, Sasha Wand. I’ve already cut him enough slack, and all I want is Hayes Corporation. If I were to tell the world about his inglorious past, would you believe that it’ll completely destroy the Sebastian Hayes you’ve come to know?” 
The woman loomed over Sasha with savagery and hatred in her eyes akin to that of a viper capable of ending her at any time. 
Sasha was motionless, and as though struck by something from above, she was suddenly devoured by a boundless terror and darkness which made her scream. 
No. It can’t be… 
Elsewhere. 
Sebastian brought a delirious Sabrina back to the Wand residence. 
It was uncertain what exactly she was put through, but she was both anxious and fearful. She would scream hysterically whenever anyone else came near. 
To think that this used to be the insufferable young lady of the Hayes family. 
“There are some wounds found on Ms. Sabrina’s body, Mr. Hayes, which the doctor has ascertained were produced by beating. As for her hysteria… it could have been induced by shock, coupled with the injection of some form of substance.” 
Karl regarded the state of the young lady of the Hayes before he cautiously explained with his back turned to her. 
When his voice trailed away, Sebastian, who had his eyes fixated upon his sister all this time, drove his fist violently into the wall.
While Karl held his silence in response, the mentally disturbed Sabrina thumped her knees into the floor with her hands raised protectively over her own head. 
“Stop. Don’t hit me anymore. I’ll perform… I’ll go perform for them…” the terror-stricken woman kept prostrating toward Sebastian while she muttered to herself. 
Widening his eyes in shock and without regard for his own bleeding knuckles, Sebastian rushed forth and supported her by her arms to help her onto her feet. 
“Look at me carefully, Sabrina. I’m your brother!” Even the voice with which he howled beside her ear was quivering. 
Brother? 
Perhaps the volume had been loud enough this time that it seemed to have yielded some semblance of a response from Sabrina. 
My brother? 
“That’s right, your brother,” Sebastian felt a lump in his throat and his eyes just reddened for no rhyme or reason. 
The two siblings had never actually hailed each other as sister or brother before this. 
Owing to their personalities and some things that happened over the course of their formative years, they usually either called each other by their full names or yelled at each other when things went south. 
However, Sebastian told her straight up that he was her brother. 
For a moment, Sabrina seemed to have calmed down, but her eyes then quickly glazed over. “Why didn’t my brother come and rescue me? Does he blame me for losing his wife?”
The air in the room became stagnant to the point of suffocation. 
“No, I didn’t do it on purpose. Not on purpose…” 
Then, she suddenly started to struggle violently, and with that, her face became awash with tears and overcome by pain and self-reproach. 
By the time the thunderstruck Sebastian came to his senses, she had already slipped out of his hands and concealed herself elsewhere. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
“What are you still standing there for? Didn’t I send you to Jetroina to keep an eye on things? Go get on it. Once you’ve had her, kill them. Kill them all. Do you hear me?” Sebastian roared with such an intensity that the whole room seemed to be quaking. 
What else could Karl have said except to see to the matter right away? 
With a fury like this, he’d have bulldozed the whole of Jetroina had he not been waiting on news of Madam. There was no way he was going to let them off even if it meant taking it to them head-on.
###Chapter 509
Chapter 509
And so, off went Karl to Jetroina. 
Back on this end, Sebastian continued to wait on news of Sasha while he tended to the children and watched over Sabrina who was receiving treatment. 
Sabrina was playing with the kids and was somewhat less reactive after her latest round of treatment. 
“Shall we play hide-and-seek, Aunt Sabrina?” 
“Yay, I love hide-and-seek,” a delighted Sabrina laughed and started to clap happily like a child. 
The three munchkins immediately broke away to hide, and out of consideration for their aunt who was unwell, they chose spots that were easier to spot, like behind the planter box or under the table. 
All except for the adorkable Vivian, who got a little more invested and decided to head upstairs. 
She was spotted by Sabrina who proceeded to chase her and those stumpy legs of hers down. 
Sabrina ended up inside Vivian’s room and uncovered the little girl’s hiding spot behind the curtains, upon which Vivian responded by purposefully wrapping her shower towel around her own head to throw her aunt off. 
“Ah!” 
The previously upright Sabrina, shrieked as she shrunk into a ball by the door. 
Snapping out of a discussion with her doctor regarding her prognosis, Sebastian reacted quickly to the noise he heard coming from upstairs. “What? What happened?” 
The aggrieved-looking Vivian then poked her head out from the second-floor corridor.
“Vivi was just playing hide-and-seek with Aunt Sabrina, Daddy. And when Aunt Sabrina saw me hiding behind the curtain, she said that I was a ghost…” 
The flabbergasted Sebastian’s head throbbed but could do precious else apart from moving quickly to comfort this pair of big and little women. 
“Come here, Vivi. Let Aunt Sabrina have a good look at you.” Sebastian could only call his own daughter over to the shivering mess by the bedroom door that was his older sister, and Vivian duly complied. 
“Look, Aunt Sabrina. It’s me, Vivi.” 
Cautiously peeking out, Sabrina slowly lifted her head away from the bend of her elbow and breathed a sigh of relief when she recognized the dainty little girl. 
But as soon as she saw Sebastian, she evoked another traumatized look on her face. “There’s a ghost. I’m telling you. There’s really a ghost.” 
“What are you going on about? What ghost?” 
Sebastian was fast losing patience and already thinking about helping this still unsound woman downstairs when she grasped his arm abruptly. 
“It’s real. Inside the memorial hall. It has extremely long hair and even chewed at my toes. Ah!” 
It was not certain what frightful thing came to mind that caused her to clamber onto her feet and break into a sprint after a round of screeching. 
The hapless Sebastian wondered if he should take her to have some tests done to see if she was actually the one with the genetic anomalies but quickly forgot about the whole incident.
Roxanne came by two days later with a full set of extremely advanced equipment to run some tests on Sabrina in order to see if it might be of help. 
“I know that you don’t wish to see me, Sebastian, but Sabrina is my family too. After having so little success with all the doctors you’ve had attend to her, won’t you let me give it a try?” 
She did not strut in directly, but humbly implored Sebastian outside the door. 
Sebastian was positive that he did not want to entertain her, but those kids who were playing with their aunt in the yard curiously ran over to him. 
“I think Ms. Rocke’s right, Daddy. Aunt Sabrina hasn’t gotten any better, and now she isn’t willing to stay inside the yard anymore. What are we to do if Ms. Dolivo and the three of us were unable to handle her when you’re not around?” Matteo said. 
Sebastian looked at him with some surprise and also found his older boy, Ian, who usually had no fondness for this woman, nodding along in agreement. 
“It’s worth a shot, as she’s quite skilled at what she does.” 
After a moment of quiet deliberation and a glance over at his wild-haired sister who was running amok in the yard, Sebastian reluctantly consented.
###Chapter 510
Chapter 510
Roxanne’s face turned pale for a moment. 
She dared not utter another word. Taking out the medicine and injection, the woman started treating Sabrina. 
As a result, the latter became much better. She wasn’t as restless as before, sitting down and resting for an entire morning. 
“Ms. Rocke, why don’t you have lunch here today?” Wendy asked casually. 
She’s here to treat Ms. Sabrina, and it’s going to be noon soon. It’ll be rude if we don’t invite her for lunch. 
Without any hesitation, Roxanne replied gleefully, “Sure. Let me help you.” 
Wendy was rendered speechless. 
Glancing at the sullen Sebastian, she felt an urge to slap herself. 
After the two went into the kitchen, Matteo saw his father’s surly face and quickly scampered over to him. 
“Daddy, Aunt Sabrina’s condition is not stable yet. It’s great that Ms. Rocke stays for lunch, so she can check on Aunt Sabrina in the afternoon too.” 
“Yeah…” Ian agreed as well. 
Sebastian’s eyes flicked between the two boys, who seemed to have a sudden change of mind, but the man could do nothing about it. 
Ignoring them, he turned around and headed upstairs.
He was still waiting for Karl’s phone call. According to the plan, Jetroina should have gotten the news since he had passed the ashes to Solomon two days ago. 
But why is there no update from that brat? 
In the study, Sebastian turned on his computer. 
Forty minutes later, lunch was ready. 
Should I get him? 
Gazing at the spaghetti, Roxanne was overwhelmed with eagerness. 
She came only to approach the man. Now that a golden opportunity had presented itself, there was no way she would let it go. 
Then, she mustered up the courage and went upstairs. 
“Sebastian, Wendy asked me to inform you that lunch is ready.” 
Gingerly, she tiptoed to the study. Afraid that the man might get mad at her voice, she pretended as though Wendy sent her upstairs to call him. 
However, Sebastian didn’t hear her, as he was on the phone with Karl. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve asked about it. They’ve released her.” 
“Really? If they have released her, where is she now?” Sebastian questioned in a rage. 
On the other side of the phone, Karl nodded his head in agreement. “Yes, I thought so too. But Sinch Enterprise insisted that they had let Mrs. Hayes go. They even showed me the security footage as proof.”
Immediately, he sent the security footage to his agitated boss. 
Sebastian’s expression softened a little as he played the footage. 
Sure enough, the person in the footage was none other than his wife. Holding something in her hand, she came out of a small wooden house. 
Soon, she went out of sight. 
Could it be that she has indeed been released? 
Such a thought thrilled Sebastian. “Find out where she is now as soon as you can. Up till now, I haven’t seen her return to the country.” 
Karl nodded at once. “I got it. I’m looking for her already. There’s one place I’d like to check out first. I’ve checked with the airport. Mrs. Hayes hasn’t boarded any plane.” 
“Where is it?” 
“Kenfort.” 
“What? Kenfort?” 
Sebastian had been to Jetroina, as he had some properties over then. However, he didn’t know much about this county named Kenfort. 
In the end, he had no choice but to agree with Karl and hung up the phone in vexation. 
Standing in the doorway, Roxanne took the chance and asked, “Is it the Spring Lake at Kenfort in Jetroina?” 
The second the man heard her voice, he swiveled around to look at her.
A hint of disgust and coldness flitted across his face. 
Nevertheless, he stifled his annoyance when he registered her words. 
“Do you know that place?” 
Holding back her delight, Roxanne explained in detail, “No, I’m not sure. I once heard from Solomon that his adoptive mother has a villa there. So it reminded me of that place when you mentioned Kenfort earlier.” 
But had she really heard it from Solomon? 
Of course not! 
As the partner of those people, the Rocke family knew many things. 
Sebastian squinted his eyes at her. 
He had his guard up against her. The first thing he wanted to do when he heard her voice was to ask her to get lost. How dare she come up without my permission? 
After scrutinizing her for a moment, he eventually sent the name of the place to Karl, who was now in Jetroina. 
In the next second, his frigid gaze landed on her. 
Her heart skipped a beat. 
“Hmm… I came to inform you that lunch is ready. By the way, Solomon isn’t as great as he appears to be. The one who has the final say is his adoptive mother.”
She went all out, revealing important information just so the man wouldn’t be provoked. 
Sure enough, the man who wanted to chase her away bit back his words. 
“His adoptive mother?” 
“Yes. You might not know this, but Solomon became the president of Sinch Enterprise because his adoptive mother instructed Tsurka to do so.” 
Sebastian remained silent. 
This is weird. Doesn’t Tsurka have his own son? Why does he allow his adoptive son to take over as the president of Sinch Enterprise?
###Chapter 511
Chapter 511
Furthermore, it was surprising that Yamada was so obedient. 
Sebastian was finally interested in this topic. After taking out a cigarette and lighting it, he placed it between his lips and took a puff. Only then did he ask, “Have you seen his adoptive mother?” 
“Not yet, but I heard that she’s from Chanaea. My dad told me to prepare some cultural gifts for her previously,” replied Roxanne honestly. 
She had never seen Solomon’s adoptive mother. The first reason was that both of them were not formally engaged. The second reason was slightly weird—the Rocke family had suggested for both families to meet multiple times, but Yamada and his wife seemed to be avoiding it deliberately. 
When Sebastian heard that, the suspicious look in his gaze intensified. 
The Tsurka family was a prominent family in Jetroina. Especially after founding the Sinch Enterprise, they were very influential in their country. 
Hence, it was impossible that such a family would allow Yamada to marry a woman from Chanaea. 
This was because class consciousness was even greater there than over here. 
Sebastian flicked the cigarette ash away. “After hearing what you said, I’m curious. Is it possible to get your hands on that woman’s photograph?” 
“Of course! As long as you want to see it, I’ll definitely get it for you.” 
Roxanne did not think about it much. The moment she heard that he wanted her help, she agreed happily. 
There was nothing that could make her happier than helping him out. That was already a luxury for her.
With that, Roxanne left excitedly. 
Meanwhile, a mocking smirk played on Sebastian’s lips after he saw her leave. Then, he kicked the carpet which Roxanne had just stood on away. 
“Wendy, tidy the room.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes,” replied Wendy quickly. 
In the afternoon, Karl, who had gone to Spring Lake at Kenfort, finally called. 
“Mr. Hayes, I found the villa. It’s the place shown in the surveillance footage. Also, the people there confirmed that Madam had been released.” 
“Where is she? Why isn’t she back yet? Why can’t I reach her phone?” 
After receiving the call, Sebastian was happy yet worried. 
Karl quickly consoled him. “Don’t worry, I heard them say that Mrs. Tsurka gave Madam the plane ticket for the flight back. The name might be different. I’ll go to the airport now.” 
“Okay, hurry up!” 
Sebastian had no choice but to accept his suggestion. 
He wished for nothing more than to fly to Jetroina immediately to find her himself. 
However, Frederick was dead. Although he had passed the ashes to Solomon, he still needed to attend the funeral. After all, Frederick was his biological father. 
After tidying his clothes, Sebastian left the house.
“Wendy, remember to keep an eye on Ms. Sabrina. She’s still unwell, so don’t let her wander around.” 
“I understand, Mr. Hayes. Don’t worry!” guaranteed Wendy. 
No one expected what happened next. After Sebastian left for the funeral that afternoon, Sabrina woke up. While Wendy went upstairs to coax Vivian to sleep, she climbed over the wall and escaped. 
She was skilled in martial arts from the start, anyway. 
When Ian discovered that his aunt was gone, he immediately yelled, “Oh no! Ms. Dolivo, Aunt Sabrina is gone!” 
“Huh?” 
Wendy immediately dashed out of the room. 
However, it was too late. 
When Sebastian received the news, he was holding a black umbrella in the graveyard and staring at the new tombstone coldly. 
It was a very good place. 
Solomon was quite decent to his father. After inheriting the Hayes Corporation, he bought the best graveyard around. 
Even though it was rainy, tall pine trees lined the sides of the graveyard, revealing a vast landscape. When Sebastian gazed into the far distance, he could see the entire city. It felt like the time when he was still at Hayes Corporation. 
“Mr. Hayes, who should lead the ritual?”
“Give it to him,” replied Sebastian expressionlessly, passing his role to the dead man’s favorite son. 
Solomon was speechless. 
However, he held himself back, assumed his role, and completed all the rituals. 
Due to Sebastian’s unpredictable personality and the dramatic change of power in Hayes Corporation, no one dared to say anything even though he did not bow. 
After the funeral, Sebastian was about to leave when Solomon approached him. 
“Now that she has been released, shouldn’t you fulfill your promise?” 
He’s so impatient. Frederick had just died and he can’t wait to mention this. 
When Sebastian heard that, he was filled with contempt. Laughing, he asked, “Why are you so impatient? I haven’t seen her yet. It’s not too late to give you that after I see her.” 
“But…” 
Solomon wanted to say that two days later, the Hayes Corporation would announce to the public about the reshuffling of the shareholders and his new position as the head of the company. It was normal for him to be impatient. 
However, under Sebastian’s mocking gaze, he still stayed silent. 
Fine, I’ll just wait for a while. Anyway, she might arrive today. 
With that, Sebastian left.
###Chapter 512
Chapter 512
Half an hour later, Sebastian returned to the Wand residence. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. It’s all my fault. I didn’t keep an eye on Ms. Sabrina and didn’t know that she would… climb over the wall and escape….”=Wendy, who had been brimming with self-recrimination for the entire afternoon, finally saw Sebastian return. Filled with guilt and anxiety, she apologized to him profusely. 
There was nothing else he could say to that. 
All he could do was to drive out of the house and look for Sabrina. 
Luckily, he had instructed Karl to dispatch some men nearby to protect the three children. Hence, immediately after he left, someone appeared. 
“Mr. Hayes, Ms. Sabrina went to the Hayes Residence.” 
“The Hayes Residence?” Sebastian was stunned. 
“Yeah, we can’t even stop her. Since you’ve been staying at home recently, you might not know this… Solomon has already moved into the Hayes Residence.” 
Sebastian stayed silent. With a gloomy expression, he immediately drove to the Hayes residence located at Gold Street. 
Sabrina was right there. After escaping from the Wand residence, she rushed over there like a madwoman. 
However, before she could enter, she was stopped outside the entrance. 
“Let me enter! Who are you to stop me? Let me enter. This is my home!”
“Your home? You must be mistaken, Ms. Hayes. It’s no longer yours, but Mr. Solomon’s.” 
There was an unfamiliar woman standing at the entrance of the house. Speaking with a strong Jetronian accent, she stared disdainfully at Sabrina, who was being restrained. 
When Sabrina heard that, she immediately made a ruckus. 
“This is my home! I want to go in!” She struggled to break free. As she was still ill, she acted stubbornly like a child whose favorite toy had been snatched away. 
The woman became impatient. 
She waved her hands, signaling for the others to throw Sabrina onto the streets. 
Luckily, Saul and the rest were still living in the house. When he saw this scene, he rushed out. “What are you doing? She’s a member of the Hayes family! What right do you have to do this?” 
“For Mr. Solomon is the owner of the house now!” 
The woman shot him a look of contempt. 
What followed was even more outrageous and infuriating. After she spoke, she started to scrutinize Saul intently. 
“Speaking of which, when are you moving out? This house is already Mr. Solomon’s. No one else but him can stay here.” 
“What did you say? Say that again!” 
Saul was so furious that his eyes became bloodshot. He glared at the woman resentfully, wishing for nothing more than to slap her.
We have to move out? 
When Uncle Frederick was here, he didn’t even tell us to move! What right does she have to make us move? What more he’s just an illegitimate son! 
However, the woman showed no signs of retracting what she had said. As if she was looking at a fool, she just looked at Saul disdainfully. 
“Didn’t you understand me? Your dead uncle gave the Hayes Corporation and the Hayes Residence to Mr. Solomon. Isn’t that clear?” 
“You…” 
Saul’s face turned pale. 
Uncle Frederick actually gave the Hayes residence to his illegitimate son? 
How is that possible? This has been the Hayes family home all these years. 
Saul felt a cold shiver running down his spine. Meanwhile, Sabrina, who was being restrained, was about to be thrown onto the streets and be utterly humiliated. 
In the nick of time, a black Bentley appeared. 
When he saw this scene from afar, a murderous glint flashed across his eyes. In the next second, he slammed his foot on the accelerator and sent the car zooming toward the people dragging Sabrina away. 
“Argh!”
The two men had never seen such a terrifying situation, so they immediately released their grip on her and dodged to the side. 
Sabrina was thrown onto the ground. After returning to her senses, she raised her head and saw a black Bentley stopping right in front of her. 
“What?” 
With her hair disheveled, she gazed at the car in a daze. 
The car door opened and a tall man emerged from the car. 
“Sebastian, they bullied me! They refused to let me into the house! Sebastian!” Tears gushed out of her eyes as she wailed. She immediately stood up and pounced toward him. 
Never would he have expected to see Sabrina wailing and complaining to him like a little child. 
Hence, Sebastian froze there. 
It was only after he felt the moisture from her tears and snot on his shirt that he pushed her away in disgust. 
“Stand properly!” 
“Okay…” 
Sabrina stood there pitifully, not daring to hug her little brother anymore. 
Sebastian shot a cold glare at the others. “What happened and who are you? Who let you touch her?” 
With just a few words, the atmosphere changed drastically. The woman no longer had the upper hand. Instead, Sebastian’s intimidating aura dominated the place.
Initially, Saul was worried that he did not have any backups. Now that he spotted Sebastian, he immediately ran over.
###Chapter 513
Chapter 513
“Sebastian, she works for Solomon. She said that this is now his place and refused to let Sabrina enter. We are even required to move out!” 
“Move out? Then, what’s the use of this house?” 
“She said that it’ll be Solomon’s in the future. No one else but him is allowed to live in it.” 
Saul repeated the woman’s words resentfully. 
When Sebastian heard that, he laughed. “Really? When did this happen? Why do I know nothing about this? Who does Solomon think he is? How dare he occupies the Hayes Residence? Did his mother get it for him by sleeping with others in hell?” 
“You…” 
His words were so vicious that the woman almost fainted from fury. 
Sleeping with others? 
Is he saying that Solomon’s mother still hasn’t changed her habits in hell? That she still has to spread her legs open in order to secure the property for her living son? 
The woman trembled. “Sebastian Hayes, don’t go overboard. You’ll regret it!” 
“Regret?” The smirk on Sebastian’s face faded and was replaced by a menacing scowl. “Indeed, I regret it immensely now. Why didn’t I destroy the Sinch Enterprise back then?” 
With that, he waved his hands. 
A few men clad in black suddenly emerged behind him and started beating everyone up, overpowering them completely.
Everyone at the entrance collapsed onto the ground, including that Jetroinian woman. 
With a single kick, she fell down onto the floor with a loud crash and could not even get back onto her feet. 
“Sebastian, there’s no use in beating me up. As long as the will exists, the Hayes Residence can only be Mr. Solomon’s.” 
“You’re wrong. It’s true that there’s a will, but the house has been left for me. He told you it’s his because I was generous enough to gift it to him. Why? Do you think that the house’s already yours before it actually is?” 
She remained silent. 
Sebastian’s words were like a huge slap to her face. Lying there, her face flushed. 
Even though she had been kicked earlier, she did not look half as humiliated as she was now. 
As expected, Sebastian was merciless. 
In the end, Sabrina happily entered the house while tugging on Sebastian’s shirt. 
Just like how the woman was about to toss Sabrina out earlier, she was now being dragged to the streets by Sebastian’s men. 
When the Hayes family, who had been suffering under that Jetroinian woman because of Frederick’s funeral, spotted Sabrina and Sebastian, they were delighted. 
“You’re finally here, Sebastian! If you didn’t come, our family…” 
“Yeah! We all rely on you to keep the family going.”
When Saul noticed his siblings’ expressions, he also gazed at Sebastian pleadingly at the side. 
However, before Sebastian could say anything, Sabrina suddenly ran away. 
“Quick! Let’s save your wife. There’s a ghost there who’ll eat her toes!” she yelled crazily before rushing into the house. 
When Sebastian saw that, he had no choice but to follow her closely. 
In the end, Sabrina ran to the memorial hall in the Hayes Residence. 
“Look! There’s a ghost locked up here. Your wife is right there! Save her quickly!” 
When she reached the destination, she did not dare to take a step forward. Staring at the staircase fearfully, she insisted on letting Sebastian go up instead. 
Sebastian paused. 
Although Sabrina was not exactly in her right mind, she kept telling him to go up and save Sasha. This reminded him of the incident where they barged into the memorial hall back then. 
What happened inside? 
Hence, he decided to go in and take a look. 
“Stand here and don’t move.” 
“I won’t move! I’ll wait for you here. Go and save your wife now!” Sabrina, whose mind was still befuddled, urged him again. The anxiousness in her eyes seemed real. 
Sebastian finally entered.
He had entered the memorial hall when he was younger. As the only heir of the Hayes family, he would be dragged here by Frederick during every important event to pay his respects. 
When he entered and saw the familiar memorial hall, he was not surprised at all. 
However, when Sabrina did not hear any noises from outside, she pressed her face against the gap in the door. “It’s upstairs! Your wife is upstairs!” 
Speechless, Sebastian walked up the stairs. 
It was a very narrow wooden staircase. As he was extremely tall, the staircase creaked when he stepped on it. The sound was exceptionally loud in this quiet place. 
At that moment, he suddenly heard something move upstairs. 
What’s that? 
Is there actually something there? 
A cold glint flashed across Sebastian’s eyes as he made his way up briskly. 
There was nothing at all. 
After he went upstairs, he scanned his surroundings and discovered that there was nothing except for some random shelves and dust. There was not even a rat to be seen. 
Did I hear wrongly just now?
###Chapter 514
Chapter 514
He could not stand the dust in the air, so he covered his nose and mouth. After taking another look, he planned to go down. 
Just as he was turning to go, he noticed that something seemed out of place on the floor. 
The things that had been left unused for a long time should be equally dusty as the floor. Why is the floor so dusty? 
Why is the base of the cabinet free of dust? 
He was lost in thought. 
His sharp eagle-like eyes narrowed for a moment. Then, he released his nose and mouth and stretched out his hands to move the cabinet. 
Indeed, under the base of the cabinet, the floor was free of dust. 
It seemed as if someone had created a false impression on purpose. There was dust on the cabinet and floor but the base of the cabinet and underneath were clean and free of dust. 
This showed that the cabinet had not been placed here for a long time. 
How about the other cabinets? 
He suddenly looked upwards in the direction of the cabinets on the second and quickly went into action. 
Finally, when he had moved all the other cabinets, he saw the same scene as in the first cabinet. 
The most surprising thing was that when he moved away the two cabinets leaning on the wall opposite the window, he clearly saw two imprints underneath that looked more like they had been left there for a
long time. 
So Sabrina did not lie to me? 
What is hidden here? Why did she say it was haunted? 
Furthermore, why was this being done now as if to conceal some secrets? What is going on? 
One question after another flooded his mind and he wanted to find the answers. 
“Sabrina!” 
“Yes?” 
Sabrina was downstairs, playing with some mud and waiting patiently for her brother. Hearing his voice, she looked up at him. 
“Go and get Saul.” 
“Okay.” Sabrina became obedient as she dropped the mud from her hand and did as her younger brother said. 
After a few minutes, Saul arrived. 
“What’s up, Sebastian?” 
“Saul, come upstairs and take a look. Something doesn’t seem right.” Sebastian waved from upstairs, calling him to hurry. 
Now that Frederick was no longer around and Channing had passed on, this elder cousin who usually stayed home was the only person he could call upon.
Saul went upstairs. 
When he saw the scene, he too was surprised. 
It was such a pity that he did not know what had happened. 
“I have never entered this building. I’m sure you know only the butler can enter the Hayes family memorial hall, so I really don’t know what has happened.” 
Sebastian was speechless. 
That spark of hope was quenched too quickly. He was getting angry again, and he felt impatient. 
What type of secret has been held up there? 
“Ahh…” 
Suddenly, Sabrina was heard screaming downstairs. 
Sebastian quickly went to the window and leaned outside. “What happened?” 
“Eyes! Eyes!” Sabrina was frightened and she had fallen from the doorway to the ground, holding her head as if in shock. She continued screaming while pointing at the door of the memorial hall. 
Sebastian and Saul both saw what happened and they exchanged glances. 
Immediately, they rushed downstairs. 
However, when they reached her, they found nothing out of the ordinary. The door was left ajar exactly as Saul had left it after he came in. 
What is this woman fussing about?
Sebastian was already impatient and about to rebuke his elder sister. 
“Wait, Sebastian. What’s that?” Suddenly, Saul’s voice rang out from behind him. 
Sebastian followed the direction of his gaze looking downward. 
Instantly, he let out a breath of cold air. 
Meanwhile, Lostaria in Jetroina. 
When Sasha came to, she discovered that she had been imprisoned again. However, this time, there was no view of a beautiful courtyard. The environment was narrow and dark. 
It was like a basement. 
Where am I now? 
Sasha struggled to her feet. “Mmm…” 
She fidgeted for a long time before a ray of light shone into the room and someone came in. 
“Are you up? Just stay here quietly then. There was a way to freedom but you chose the road back to this hellhole. When I let you go free, why didn’t you go away? It’s your fault that you end up being imprisoned.” 
It turned out to be the Jetroinian woman who had set her free in the courtyard in Kenfort. 
On recognizing the woman’s voice, Sasha struggled even more vigorously. “Mmm…” 
She wanted the tape around her mouth to be removed so she could talk.
Fortunately, the woman knew that they were in a basement secret room with no escape, and she removed the tape covering Sasha’s mouth. 
Instantly, Sasha felt the freedom of being able to move her lips, so she sat down on the bench and breathed long and hard. 
After several minutes, she calmed down and looked at the Jetroinian woman. 
“If I did not come back, I would not have known who your mistress, Mrs. Tsurka is.” 
“You have found out the truth now but there is nothing you can do about it. Stop dreaming. After two days, your husband will hand over all his inheritance to my mistress’ son, Mr. Solomon. There is nothing you can do to stop it.”
###Chapter 515
Chapter 515
“What do you mean?” Sasha’s face suddenly turned pale. “What inheritance? Tell me clearly!” 
“Don’t you know? When your father-in-law died, he left a will for your husband, bequeathing to him all of the 35% shares of Hayes Corporation that he had held.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
“However, your husband is really quite stupid. All because he felt agitated by some words Frederick had used, he is willing to give up those shares in exchange for you. Tell me, aren’t we getting a good deal?” 
This spiteful Jetroinian woman actually gloated so much that she laughed as she talked. 
Sasha was so upset that her ears rang. 
No, it’s not possible. How could Sebastian be so stupid? He is one of the smartest persons on earth. 
How could he make such a decision? The 35% of shares is the last thing that Frederick is giving to him. How could he reject it? Why give it up in exchange for me? 
What words did the old man use to agitate him? 
Sasha nearly went mad under the stress! 
However, if she had seen the USB drive that Frederick had given to Sebastian, perhaps, she would have understood. 
Sebastian was, after all, different from most people. The genetic defects in his body and the special protection and care given to him by his father from an early age had developed in him the kind of nature which could not withstand stress, especially from Frederick.
So, when Frederick forsook him to love another and showed favoritism to someone else, he was so agitated that he did not want anything to do with Frederick. 
He urgently needed to alienate himself from his father and receive nothing from him. 
This was the reason why he wanted Sasha in exchange for the shares. 
However, he did not realize that all these were part of Frederick’s plan to make him leave the Hayes family. 
Unfortunately, Frederick never thought that he would be so bitter that he would refuse to accept his inheritance. 
“You’re lying. He won’t do that. He definitely wouldn’t.” 
“What won’t he? You just wait. When he sees you, he’ll obediently hand over whatever he has.” 
The Jetroinian woman said cheerfully. 
Sasha paused for a while. “So, you would be letting me leave?” 
The woman shrugged. “No, I did not say that I would be releasing you.” 
“How will you carry out the exchange with him. You clearly said that you are exchanging me for his inheritance.” 
“Yes, but we are not giving him the real you. Don’t you worry. Your double is already on the way. You should just stay here quietly.” 
At that, the woman got ready to leave. 
Sasha was shocked as if she was struck by lightning.
Almost instantly, she jumped up from her chair. “Don’t leave, you wretch! Get Yancy Young here. Ask her to come!” 
She screamed with all her might, trying to stop the woman. 
However, she forgot that she was tied up. As a result, when she jumped, she did not get up but fall heavily onto the floor. 
In that instant, with a loud crash, she fell together with the chair onto the floor. It was so painful, she nearly fainted. 
“Yancy! Yancy!” 
Yancy did not come to see Sasha. 
She had no time for Sasha. She was waiting to see her son inherit everything from the man who jilted and wronged her in her youth. She just had no time for Sasha. 
However, on the next day, the one guarding the secret room came running in a panic. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, that girl has committed suicide!” 
“What?” 
Finally, Yancy showed some response. The spoon in her hand fell into the bowl of soup she was having. 
Suicide? 
Is this darn girl out of her mind? So, she is crazy enough to kill herself?
Scared and angry, Yancy hurried to the secret room. 
When she reached the scene, the moment the door opened, she smelled the fishy odor of blood. Someone was busy in there. 
“What’s going on? Aren’t her hands bound? How did she kill herself?” 
“S-s-sorry… Mrs. Tsurka. I removed the tape from her mouth. She bit a blood vessel on her wrist.” 
There was a stunned silence 
She bit her own blood vessels? 
Yancy was shocked speechless. Even though she was a violent character, she was stunned by the woman’s act. 
How could this waif-like woman, who looked gentle and meek turn out to be so ferocious? 
In this way, she was certainly unlike her mother. 
In the end, Yancy did stay in the secret room until Sasha regained consciousness. 
“You finally… agree to see me.” Sasha smiled triumphantly with lips that were pale from loss of blood. 
Yancy was silent. 
After staring at her for more than just a few seconds, she spoke with an icy tone, “So what if I come? You think I’ll let you go?” 
Sasha shook her head and her breath was weak like a candle in the wind.
“I have no hopes of you releasing me. I just… beg of you. For the sake of my mom, please let him live. You only want your son to take over Hayes Corporation, that’s all. There’s no need to annihilate Sebastian. He is the father of my three children. Once upon a time, my mom took care of your son for ten years for your sake. Won’t you show the same kindness to her daughter now?” 
Sasha’s eyes were red as she looked at the woman with a sad pleading gaze.
###Chapter 516
Chapter 516
Sasha had no other choice. 
She had no way of escape and there was no one around to help her. Hence, the only way she could come up with to save herself would be to beg the woman standing in front of her. 
The cruel woman was moved upon the mention of Heather’s name. 
“I was planning to let him off if he would just give me Frederick’s share.” 
“How could he? He still needs to make a living. He needs that 35% to support himself and his children financially. How is he going to feed himself if you take away his share? Are you expecting him to live on the streets?” 
Sasha retorted, feeling pissed. 
The woman sneered in response. “You have 20% of the shares, right? It’ll be more than enough to feed every single one of you. Sasha, you are way smarter than your mom.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
She froze as the woman saw through her. 
She’s not dumb. 
Sasha quickly made a U-turn. “I’ve told you I lost the 20% shares when you sent those people after me. I don’t have any more of it. Moreover, wouldn’t it only be natural for Sebastian to inherit everything Frederick owns since he’s his son?” 
“Is that what you think?” 
Yancy sneered. She then started to laugh maniacally as if triggered by Sasha’s words.
“Sure, it’s only natural for Frederick’s son to inherit everything he owns, take my son for example. But I’m telling you, Sasha, Sebastian isn’t qualified!” 
“What do you mean?” 
Sasha’s face darkened. “What do you mean he’s not qualified?” 
Yancy laughed. “Don’t you understand me? I mean… he’s not Frederick’s son.” 
She never expected Yancy to say anything like that. 
Not his son? 
Is she crazy? How could she say something like that just to get her hands on Hayes Corporation? 
Sasha returned to her senses and was infuriated. “Bullsh*t! Yancy, you’re really ruthless when it comes to defending your son. You faked your death just to get my mom to raise your son, and now you’re even saying something like this. Just listen to yourself, Yancy. You make me sick. Karma will bite back one day.” 
“Karma?” 
Yancy’s face changed upon her words. “What do you mean by karma? I’m simply speaking the truth. Sebastian isn’t Frederick’s son.” 
She blurted out a huge secret. 
Sasha trembled in rage. 
She really wanted to kill Yancy at this moment.
However, the woman stared at her as if possessed and asked, “You’ve seen it too, haven’t you? When you were at the memorial hall.” 
“What… are you talking about?” 
“Have you forgotten about the birth certificate and the monster?” 
Yancy placed emphasis on each and every word as she spoke. She suddenly sprang up from her chair and leaned towards Sasha as if she was a poisonous snake about to strike. 
Sasha was completely caught off guard. 
She was so taken aback that she backed up against the headboard. 
“You were panicking when you found the birth certificate. The father’s name was Shin Jadeson and the mother’s name was Frieda Soprano, am I right?” 
Sasha’s mind went blank. 
How did she find out? Even the Hayes were not allowed to go near the memorial hall. So how did she find out? 
Color drained for Sasha’s face. 
She had a very bad feeling about this. 
Yancy leaned in, gave her a fiendish stare, and told her a story that gave her the shock of her life. 
“Shin used to be Frederick’s instructor during his time as a soldier. He hails from an infamous military family. After being enlisted in the army, Shin recognized Frederick’s hard work and they soon became best friends even though they had a superior and subordinate relationship in the army.
One day, Frederick invited Shin over to meet the Hayes. Shin fell in love, at first sight, the moment he lay eyes on Frieda, Margaret’s sister. Sabrina was already born to Margaret at the time. But who would have thought that Frederick is also in love with Frieda. 
He is so in love with her to the point that he is obsessed with her. Hence, he tried everything he could to stop Shin from taking Frieda away to Jadeborough. In the end, he even wrote an anonymous letter to the Jadesons in Jadeborough for fear that Freida would leave him. He told them about the Sopranos and even accused Frieda of living together with Shin before marriage.” 
All of a sudden, Yancy came to an abrupt stop.
###Chapter 517
Chapter 517
Sasha stared at Yancy, dumbfounded. Perhaps it was because of Yancy’s abruptness, or perhaps it was due to the shocking story she had just heard. 
She was so shocked by the story she just heard that she leaned against the headboard and stared into space for a long while. 
Infamous military family in Jadeborough. 
They could almost be considered royalty. How could he just simply marry a girl? Moreover, this girl lacks self-respect. How could she live with her lover before they were even married? 
The monster Sasha saw at the memorial hall suddenly crossed her mind. 
“The Jadesons were enraged when they received the news. They flew over from Jadeborough to Avenport that very night to take Shin away with them. However, Shin wasn’t in Avenport at the time since he was in the middle of a mission. Hence, they took Frieda, who was pregnant, away instead. They wanted to get rid of her and her unborn baby because she was staining their family’s reputation.” 
After a few seconds of silence, Sasha pursed her lips and asked, “What happens next?” 
“What happens next?” 
Yancy lifted the corner of her lips. “That b*stard finally realized how stupid he had been. He almost killed two lives because of his selfishness. He quickly called Shin over to rescue Frieda, but who would have thought, Shin, who was in the middle of a mission, lost his focus and was shot to death by his enemy.” 
A pin-drop silence ensued in the secret room as Sasha’s mind went into overdrive.
It was obvious how the story ended. Sebastian lived and even became Frederick’s son in the end, which meant that Frieda had been rescued at the time. 
Frederick managed to save her regardless of the means. He even raised her son as one of his own. 
So does that mean Frederick is actually atoning for his sins by doing everything he possibly could for this child? 
Sasha suddenly recalled how Sebastian grew up. 
That’s right. Now that I think about it, Frederick has been overly good to Sebastian ever since he was young. It finally made sense to Sasha why he would force Sebastian to receive treatment when he was young, and why he did everything he could to keep Sebastian’s secret when he got older. 
He even got blood on his hands because of this. 
Which father would go that far for his son? 
He even set Sasha up back then because he was afraid that she would reveal his secret. 
Sasha finally understood why he did what he did. 
“So what that Jetroina woman said yesterday about Frederick deliberately pushing Sebastian away with his words were true.” 
“Of course. I would have destroyed him if he doesn’t leave.” 
Yancy admitted to it honestly and openly. 
Sasha’s blood boiled upon her words. 
What a cruel woman!
“So your men have been keeping tabs on Frederick all along, right? That was also how you found out that Sabrina and I had been to the memorial hall.” 
“You are as smart as your mother. You’re right, I’ve been keeping tabs on Frederick since the beginning. I’ve got to make sure that my son is on the right path, right?” 
How could she be so shameless? 
Everything was done based on Yancy’s own will back then. How could she turn things around and make it sound as if she was the one being owed just because she didn’t get what she wanted? 
“You’re crazy!” 
“Yes, I am crazy, so you’d better not try anything funny with me. Or else I will tell everyone about this and your darling husband will instantly become an illegitimate child. Do you want him to end up like my son years ago? He didn’t even have the courage to mention his family name?” 
Yancy gave Sasha a cruel reminder of how things would turn out if she acted rashly. 
However, she hadn’t told Sasha everything yet. 
She would have told her that Solomon still had a chance of reconciling with Frederick if it wasn’t Sasha she was dealing with. 
However, the Jadesons would never acknowledge Sebastian as one of their own after losing Shin because of this. Sebastian would then be forever labeled as an illegitimate child. 
Color drained from Sasha’s lips. 
She quivered violently and even had difficulty breathing at times.
“W-Why should I believe you?” 
“You can get him to do a DNA test with Sabrina. Frederick still has a daughter even though he’s dead. You can try it if you don’t believe me.” 
Sasha kept quiet. 
“Also, Margaret was the one who told me about it. Anger got the better of her when she found out about my affair with Frederick. She told me to stop daydreaming and that the only woman he loved was her sister, Frieda.” 
A deathly silence ensued.
###Chapter 518
Chapter 518
Sasha couldn’t handle the shock and blacked out. 
This isn’t real. No way this is real. 
What is he going to do if this is real? 
There was no one else to help him out this time around and she couldn’t bear to see him ruined. 
Meanwhile, back home at Hayes Residence. 
Sebastian and Saul found the memorial hall’s secret passageway though the two footsteps left behind outside the partially opened door at the memorial hall. 
They discovered an underground dwelling after making their way into the secret passageway. 
“My gosh, Uncle Frederick never told me about this. I never knew there’s an underground dwelling here. When did they build this? Why haven’t we heard of it?” 
Saul was stunned when he saw the majestic basement. 
No, I shouldn’t even call this a basement. 
It was even more majestic than Hayes Residence itself. 
The room was lavishly decorated with an elegant chandelier hanging on the ceiling, an expensive sofa, an imported Erihalian style cherry wood dining table, and a thick luxurious carpet that covered every inch of the floor. Saul noticed the paintings hanging on the wall were actually priceless masterpieces from all around the world. 
My gosh, why did that old man build such a luxurious mansion underground?
Is he crazy? 
Saul couldn’t believe his eyes. 
Sebastian wasn’t any better. 
However, he began to take in his surroundings right after his initial shock. His eyes gleamed intelligently as he observed the room. 
“Who is it?” He asked as he caught sight of movement out of the corner of his eye. 
His voice echoed across the room. 
Someone hiding behind the curtain panicked as she quickly fled the scene. 
However, Sebastian wasn’t about to let her off. He rushed up to her and grabbed hold of her long and dirty clothes. 
Thump 
She collapsed and made a high-pitched shriek. 
Sebastian went quiet. 
Stunned, he almost let go of her thinking she was a monster. 
Fortunately for him, Saul came over. He stared at the body on the ground and screamed, “Is this thing human?” 
A human? 
Sebastian tightened his grip on the woman upon hearing that.
She felt soft and warm even though she was dirty. 
“Eeekk…” 
The woman started to scream and struggle once again as if she was a trapped mouse. She even tried desperately to bite Sebastian’s hand. 
Sebastian couldn’t take it anymore and pinched her arm. 
“Ahhhh…” She finally stopped. 
Sebastian finally let go of her and turned her around. 
A woman? 
Saul was dumbfounded. “Uncle Frederick has been keeping a woman here? Who the hell is she? I hope she’s not Uncle Frederick’s lover.” 
“Shut up!” 
Sebastian growled. He then started to examine the woman. 
However, the woman was so dirty that he could only make out her eyes and her lips. 
She looked like a ghost. 
A ghost? 
Sebastian suddenly recalled the crazy thing Sabrina couldn’t stop talking about. 
“Who are you? Why are you here?” Sebastian asked patiently.
To his surprise, the woman, who had been cowering in a corner ever since she was caught, suddenly snapped her head up upon hearing his voice. 
“Eeekk…” 
Her eyes lit up. 
For a moment, Sebastian was dazzled by the light in her eyes. 
What a beautiful pair of eyes. 
Why does her face seem so familiar? 
“Eeekk…” 
“What is she trying to say? Has she forgotten how to talk after being locked up for such a long time?” Saul said pitifully. 
Sebastian was also getting annoyed. 
However, much to their surprise, the woman suddenly uttered a cry when Sebastian didn’t respond. “Baby…” 
Baby? 
Did she just call me baby? 
Sebastian’s face darkened. 
The woman then stretched her arms out for a hug after recognizing him. “Hug… Mommy… Hug…” 
She crawled towards Sebastian with much difficulty for a hug.
Just as Sebastian was about to kick her away, the door suddenly burst open behind him.
###Chapter 519
Chapter 519
“Don’t, Mr. Hayes, she’s your mother.” 
The news came as a complete shock. 
Sebastian froze. He slowly turned around and glared at the intruder with bloodshot eyes. 
Wendy? 
“Say that again.” 
He said through clenched teeth. 
Wendy shuddered in fright and knelt down before him without hesitation. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. I’ve been keeping the truth from you because Mr. Hayes Sr. told me to do so. He said never to tell you the truth unless when I absolutely have no choice. We are protecting this secret in order to protect you.” 
Wendy sobbed as she explained everything to him. 
It was the truth. She was as confused as Sebastian when she first heard about it. However, Frederick told her he was running out of time and that she was the only one who could do it. 
Hence, she relented. 
Sure enough, Frederick died not long after. 
Sebastian’s face fell. 
Before he could even say anything, Saul spoke up. “You knew about this place and this woman all along?”
“No, I don’t. Mr. Hayes Sr. told me about this two months before he died. He even gave me something at the time.” 
Wendy explained cautiously and took out a small notebook she had brought with her. 
Sebastian and Saul were rendered speechless. 
Two months ago? 
Isn’t that when I was forced to resign from Hayes Corporation and had to hide in the small mountain village? 
His heart skipped a beat. He had a very bad feeling about this. 
“Sebastian, what are you doing? Hurry up and take a look!” Saul’s anxiousness grew when Sebastian did not pick up the notebook. 
Sebastian pressed his fingers together. 
After a few seconds, he slowly reached out for the notebook. 
“Eeekk…” 
The woman screeched in delight when he reached out for the notebook. She even wanted to crawl towards him so that they could look through it together. 
However, Wendy suddenly walked over and gently held her down. 
“Ok, Ms. Soprano. Let’s just sit back and let Mr. Hayes do the reading, okay?” 
“Eeekk…”
Much to their surprise, this woman, who only knew how to make weird noises, agreed. 
Sebastian opened the little notebook. 
“Oh, it’s a photo album.” 
Both Saul and Sebastian were shocked and confused when they saw the well-kept photos in the photo album. 
However, Sebastian soon noticed that something was off. 
On the first page of the photo album was a young woman carrying a baby in her arms. 
The woman was dressed in a floral dress and had a bow in her hair. Her eyes were as bright as the stars as she stared at her child with a bright smile on her young and pretty face. 
“Baby…” 
Just then, the woman, who was being held back by Wendy, slurred. 
Sebastian pinched the photo nervously. 
The following few pages were all photos of the woman and her baby. 
However, the woman’s smile turned wistful as the child grew up. Her eyes no longer shone as bright as the stars. 
Instead, she was smiling at her child with a blank look in her eyes. 
She looked a lot like the Sabrina who had gone crazy.
And the most terrifying part was that the child in her arms grew up to look a lot like him when he was young. 
Especially during his third birthday. Sebastian noticed that the child was wearing the exact same shirt he wore on his third birthday. He had a photo of his three-year-old self hanging in Frederick’s room to prove it. 
Sebastian’s hand shook nervously. 
Wendy noticed it and started to explain. “Mr. Hayes Sr. said Ms. Soprano went crazy because she couldn’t handle your father’s death.” 
“What did you say? Whose father?” 
Sebastian couldn’t help but roar. 
Wendy was so taken aback that she dared not speak any further. 
On the other hand, the woman crawled over to Sebastian when she saw how mad he was. “Don’t be mad… Have some candy…” 
She opened her palm and revealed a bright colored candy. 
It was amazing how the candy was so well preserved when she herself was so dirty and unkempt. She kept it so well that even the wordings on the candy wrap from twenty years ago were still visible. 
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed.
###Chapter 520
Chapter 520
A memory surfaced in his mind. 
When he was young, Frederick would often give him candy. Even though he did not like eating candy, the latter would still coax him into finishing it. 
And they were the same as the one in his hand. 
What does all of this mean? 
Who am I? Who are my real parents? 
“Who did you say is dead?” 
“Y-Your… biological father. And this lady is your mother. She’s actually Mrs. Hayes’ younger sister. Back then, your father wanted to marry your mother immediately after they fell in love, but he met an accident before he could. Your mother was pregnant with you at that time. She couldn’t take the news and go mad after that. 
“Later on, Mr. Hayes took her in. After you were born, Mr. and Mrs. Hayes brought you up as their own. Mr. Hayes was afraid your mother might wander off alone, so he built a place for her to stay in the basement.” 
Wendy recounted everything Frederick had told her before. 
However, she did not know that Frederick lied about something. 
He chose not to tell Sebastian the whole truth. Perhaps he was afraid the powerful families in Jadeborough might bring calamity upon him after knowing the truth. 
Sebastian froze on the spot.
Even though half of the truth had been left out, this news was already too much for him to digest. 
Frederick Hayes isn’t my father. 
Doesn’t this mean he never owed me a thing? And that I’m the one who owes him a life of debt? 
My birth father is dead, and my birth mother has gone crazy. 
But Frederick? He raised me since I was a baby, and did so much for me because of my illness. In order to protect me, he was even willing to kill, always making sure to make everyone who hurt me pay. 
Everything he did was just to create a safe environment for me. 
And how did I repay him? 
I even refused to properly pay my respects to him at his funeral because he favored his own son. 
Sebastian’s hand that was holding the photo album trembled violently. 
Overwhelmed with remorse and self-blame, he heard himself asking, “Who else knows about this?” 
“I’m not sure, but if Mr. Hayes entrusted me with this information, so he must’ve known what would happen in the future, don’t you think so?” 
The living room was blanketed in silence, and the air was terrifyingly stiff. 
Of course, he thought of that possibility. 
However, he just couldn’t bring himself to delve further into it. 
Since I’m not his real son, then I understand why he wanted me to leave Hayes Corporation.
But since I already left, why did he still leave me thirty-five percent of the company’s current share distribution ratio? This means that if Peter’s twenty percent still can’t be found, I’d still possess all the authority. 
So, what was his purpose of doing this? 
And the other day at the military hospital, the look Channing gave me before leaving, what did it mean? 
If Frederick really abandoned me because his real son had returned, then Channing, his subordinate who followed him for so many years, wouldn’t have looked at me like that. 
Heartache, disbelief, and a hint of regret surged in his heart. 
Sebastian’s heart clenched painfully in his chest. He did not dare to think further, for fear that more cruel truths would surface in his mind, and he would forever be plagued with sleepless nights. 
Despite that, he still got to his feet, albeit unsteadily. 
“Take her out and make sure she’s properly cleaned up, then take her to a doctor.” 
“Alright. What about you?” asked Saul. 
However, the man staggered away without answering. Soon, the sound of him going upstairs could be heard. 
What the hell, man? Why’s he in such a hurry? Doesn’t he care about his own mother? 
Unaware of the truth, Saul grumbled in his heart. 
In merely twenty minutes, Sebastian returned to the Wand residence.
After rushing in, he went straight to his study upstairs, then took out the USB drive Channing had previously given him from the drawer. 
He had been too reckless. 
If only he had maintained his cool, perhaps things wouldn’t have escalated to this point. 
Once again, he plugged in the USB drive. 
And just like he remembered, Frederick was sitting in the garden, saying the same words which had made him furious back when he was on the plane. 
But this time, after listening to the last sentence, it was as though something snapped in his mind, and he stared unblinkingly at the old man on the screen, completely frozen in place. 
He forgot that this old man had never once begged him for anything. 
“Ahhh!” 
Lance and the three children arrived home just in time to hear a beast-like roar coming from upstairs. 
The three children instantly looked toward the stairs with fearful expressions. 
However, what scared them the most was the loud bang that caused the whole house to shake a while later, as though something heavy had been knocked over. 
It was simply terrifying! 
What’s going on with Daddy? 
Vivian, who was easily scared, immediately hugged her uncle’s thigh. “Uncle Lance, carry me…”
Lance quickly picked her up and led the children into his room.
###Chapter 521
Chapter 521
That’s some pretty scary sh*t. What the hell is wrong with that man? What made him lose his temper like that? Is he going to take down the whole house with him? 
Filled with worry and unease, Lance decided to wait for Sebastian to calm down before seeking him out. 
Alas, he did not get to meet Sebastian because when he went to the room upstairs after coaxing the children, he found the door wide open and a mess on the ground, but no Sebastian. 
It was obvious that the man had long since left. 
That night, he did not once return to the house. 
Worried sick, Lance and the children asked Wendy, who had just come back, to send some people to look for him. Unfortunately, no one was able to find him, not until the next morning when someone knocked on the door. 
“Wendy! Open the door, Wendy!” 
“Coming…” 
After a restless night, Wendy was slightly disorientated upon hearing the somewhat familiar voice. Despite that, she quickly ran over to get the door. 
What she never expected was to see Sasha, who she hadn’t seen in many days, supporting a pale- faced Sebastian. 
“Madam, you’re-”
“Let’s talk later,” Sasha cut her off. “Sebastian was under the rain all night at the cemetery. Quick, help me get him upstairs, then call the doctor to come over.” 
After hastily giving Wendy some instructions, she helped the man through the door. 
Snapping back to her senses, Wendy hurriedly called Lance to come down and help. 
Ten minutes later, the children, who had just woken up, obediently stood by the bed to watch as their mother examined their father in the master bedroom on the second floor. 
Yay! Mommy’s finally back! 
Their faces were literally glowing with happiness. 
Sasha was done after a while. 
“He’s running a high fever, and his tonsils are also very inflamed. My guess is he drank last night. Has the doctor arrived? We need to put him on a drip to bring down the fever.” 
“I’ve called the doctor. He’ll be here any time.” 
Wendy nodded profusely by the side. 
Sasha was a doctor herself, but the house did not have the necessary equipment for a situation like this. That was the only reason they needed to call a doctor. 
Wendy and Lance, as well as the three children, did not question Sasha’s actions. 
Sure enough, the doctor arrived very soon. After conducting another round of examination on Sebastian, he gave the same diagnosis as Sasha did. With that, he quickly set up an IV drip for Sebastian, who had already passed out on the bed.
Finally, everyone heave a sigh of relief. 
After making sure Sebastian was all settled in, Wendy finally found the time to speak to Sasha. “Madam, why did you come back so suddenly? Wasn’t Karl supposed to pick you up in Jetroina?” 
Sebastian did not hide this matter from Wendy. 
Hence, she knew that Karl was instructed to pick Sasha up in Jetroina. 
Sasha smiled faintly in response. “Yes. We probably missed each other, but it’s fine. I’ve already called to inform him. He’ll be back soon enough.” 
“I see.” 
Wendy nodded in realization. 
Just then, three small creatures rushed toward their mother. It had been too long since they saw her, so they wasted no time cozying up to her. 
Of course, Vivian was the first to throw herself into Sasha’s arms. With red-rimmed eyes, she whined adorably, “Mommy, you’re finally back. I missed you so much.” 
Sasha immediately opened her arms to embrace the little girl. 
“I missed you too. I’m sorry for making you worry, sweetie.” 
“It’s okay, Mommy. As long as you’re back.” 
The little girl nestled in her mother’s arms. In just a short period of time, she seemed to have matured a lot for her age.
Sasha chuckled softly and was about to plant a kiss on her daughter’s forehead, but Ian and Matteo came up to her just then, asking for hugs as well. 
But when Sasha saw the two of them approaching her, she abruptly put Vivian down. “Goodness. I forgot I touched your daddy just a while ago. I’m gonna go take a shower now. The last thing I want is to infect you kids.” 
Matteo and Ian were slightly disheartened, but they merely nodded their heads in understanding. 
“Maintaining hygiene is very important. I just don’t want to spread the germs from Daddy to you guys.” 
“Mm-hmm, we understand.” 
“Let’s go play with Aunt Sabrina first, then we can find Mommy again when she’s free,” one of the children proposed. 
Hence, Ian, Matteo and Vivian, the sensible children that they were, went looking for their aunt. 
By the time Sebastian came to, it was already almost evening. 
He opened his eyes to a splitting headache, and the first thing he noticed was the yellowed ceiling and the faint noise of the heater. 
Am I home? 
He shifted slightly, only to find that his whole body was aching. 
“You’re awake? How are you feeling?” 
Suddenly, a woman’s familiar voice reached his ears, reminding him of a spring breeze billowing gently across a river.
Huh? 
Sebastian’s blood ran cold, and he snapped his head to the side. 
Sure enough, under the bright lights was a familiar woman with a glass in her hand and a tender smile on her face, looking so beautiful she resembled a flower in full bloom.
###Chapter 522
Chapter 522
“You’re finally back!” 
Sebastian rushed over and held her firmly in his arms before she could respond to him. It was the first time he was so affectionate in front of others. 
Sasha felt her limbs turning stiff and brought herself to a halt after making her way back with a glass of water. 
Sebastian was unable to suppress his emotions anymore after spending the entire night drinking in front of Frederick’s grave. 
His world had fallen apart as soon as he figured out he wasn’t Frederick’s biological son after making his way to Hayes Residence. 
On top of that, he had turned his father down instead of offering him his helping hand when his father needed him the most. 
He merely transferred his father to Jadeborough’s hospital after Channing begged him over and over again. 
Holding the woman in his arms, Sebastian let loose of his emotions when he recalled the time he refused to show up even after his so-called father had passed on. 
“I’m so sorry for everything! I wouldn’t have resorted to such extreme countermeasures if I were aware of the truth. I am really sorry!” 
The tall man snuggled against the woman as if he were a little boy instead of an intimidating figure. He just couldn’t show his vulnerable side to others apart from her.
On the other hand, Sasha started trembling with her eyes glued to the man in front of her. She could feel her limbs turning stiff. 
As much as she tried to keep her emotions to herself, she couldn’t stop herself from panting. It was then she started trembling while holding the glass of water against her will. 
“Darling?” 
When Sebastian noticed Sasha’s response, he raised his head and looked at her in the eyes with a pair of tears welled-up eyes, and a confused look. 
As torrents of grief streamed down her cheeks, Sasha placed the glass of water on the nightstand and stuttered, “I-I shouldn’t have left you when you needed me! I-I’m so sorry for not being around!” 
She held him firmly in her arms as if she had been waiting for him to open up to her. 
Startled by Sasha’s response, it took Sebastian a few seconds to return to his senses. After all, she had never shown him her affectionate side due to her strict upbringing over the years. 
In spite of being married, she had always been a relatively timid woman even when she was already a mother of three. 
Therefore, he couldn’t get used to it when she responded in such a fierce manner. 
Holding him in her arms, she asserted in a gentle tone, “Why don’t you stop blaming yourself? I’m sure he’s going to forgive you! As soon as you’re feeling well, we’ll bring the children and pay him another visit! He’ll be thrilled by their presence!” 
Sebastian finally returned to his usual self when he heard her words of affirmation.
Similarly, Sasha felt great as he had regained his composure. She took a step back and thought of showing him the way to his bed since he had yet to recover. 
However, her heart skipped a beat when she caught a glimpse of the handsome patient’s bright grin. 
“Darling?” 
“Huh?” 
Sebastian’s eyes widened in disbelief when he saw her closing in with her eyes closed, and her lips pouted, indicating she was about to kiss him. 
He was at a loss for words due to the kiss that came out of nowhere. Without a second thought, he inched backward and stopped her from kissing him. 
“Darling?” 
“I’m afraid you’re going to catch a cold! Why don’t you go ahead and check on the kids to see if they’re up to something mischievous again?” 
Sebastian was equally confused by his odd response. He made something up to deceive her when he caught her responding with a frown. 
“Well, it’s time for you to tuck yourself in and call it a day as well.” 
As it made sense, Sasha stopped having her doubts and strode her way out of her room with joy written all over her face. 
Staring at her departing figure, he secretly heaved a long sigh of relief before making his way back to the bed.
It feels weird when she starts addressing me in such an intimate manner! I just can’t get used to her being affectionate! That must be the reason I have stepped away from her when she tried to kiss me! 
He shrugged those thoughts off as he had to tend to something else, including dealing with Sabrina, his children, and Frieda who had just returned. 
Things were chaotic as they had to deal with countless conflicts one way or another. 
“Eeekk…!” 
“T-There’s a ghost!” 
As soon as Frieda made her way into the foyer, Sabrina, who was in the middle of a game with the triplets, shrieked and dashed in the direction of her room. 
Frieda had responded in a similar manner as she was easily intimidated by others after spending the past two decades in isolation.
###Chapter 523
Chapter 523
“H-Hey!” When she caught a glimpse of Ian and Matteo, her eyes gleamed. Unable to contain her excitement, she started crawling her way over to the kids. 
After spending such a long time in the dungeon, she couldn’t even walk properly and would prefer crawling over walking. 
As brilliant as the children might be, no ordinary child could withstand such a horrifying scene. 
Consequently, they started wailing at the top of their lungs, “H-Help us, Daddy! Mommy!” 
“B-Boohoo—” 
As they started wailing and alarmed everyone in the house, Sebastian brought himself out of his room and noticed things were chaotic in the living room. 
His sister was nowhere to be seen while his children continued screaming at the top of their lungs as the woman crawled her way to them. Their faces had long turned pale. 
What’s going on? Where are the rest in the house? 
Sebastian arched his brows in confusion and jolted his way down the stairs without any further ado. Immediately after he reached his staggering daughter’s side, he held her in his arms. 
Glaring at the crawling woman, he yelled at her in the face and reprimanded, “Frieda, what do you think you’re doing? You’re intimidating your grandchildren!” 
Is Shin angry? Is he reprimanding me for intimidating his children? What am I supposed to do to please him?
It was then Frieda brought herself to a halt and looked at the infuriated man in front of him with her lips pursed in an aggrieved manner. 
“I-I’m so sorry, Shin! Fay will keep that in mind and refrain from repeating the same mistake in the future!” 
She stretched her arms in anticipation of Sebastian spanking her as a form of punishment for her mistakes. 
Sebastian was at a loss for words as he couldn’t bear to reprimand the pitiable woman in front of him. 
Shin? 
Is she referring to my biological father? 
Has she misperceived me as my biological father? If that’s the case, has she misperceived my sons as me and gone after them? Is she trying to keep them safe, just like the time in the dungeon? 
Sebastian heaved a long sigh of despair and showed his intimidated sons the way to the seemingly lunatic woman in front of them. 
“Matt, Ian, she’s not a freaky creature or anything of that sort, okay? In fact, this woman over here is your grandmother.” 
S-She’s our grandmother? 
When Sebastian’s children heard him, confusion was written all over their faces, including Ian, who was born and bred as a member of the Hayes. 
He had never heard of anything of that sort. Therefore, he asked, “Hasn’t Grandma passed on? Are you sure she’s our grandmother?”
“Well, this grandmother of yours is the woman who has given birth to me. In other words, I need all of you to show her some respect. Am I clear?” 
Sebastian made himself clear and instructed his children to mind their words and manners. It was clear that he had acknowledged the seemingly lunatic woman as his mother. 
As much as he was against the idea of acknowledging their relationship, there was nothing he could do to nullify the fact they were biologically related. 
Immediately after his children returned to their senses, they started sizing up the woman in front of them. 
It was then they found out the middle-aged woman in front of them wasn’t as horrendous as they had thought should she stop crawling to reach them. In spite of being more than half a century old, she had glistering pair of eyes and relatively fair skin as compared to her peers. 
Vivian was the first to open up to the woman in front of them. She complimented Frieda seconds after she returned to her senses, “Matt, Ian, Grandma is such a good-looking woman!” 
Although Frieda wasn’t aware of the things Vivian had brought up, she was thrilled by the fact the little girl had struck up a conversation with her. 
Grinning in return, the middle-aged woman had just proven Vivian’s statement right as she was a gorgeous woman. 
In fact, Sebastian might have been blessed by ethereal-looking facial features due to his biological mother’s genes. 
As they had figured out the truth, the children were no longer intimidated by the presence of the crawling woman. Instead, they started playing with her.
Similarly, Frieda, who had just misperceived Ian and Matteo as her sons, was thrilled since they started messing around with her instead of running away from her. 
Nonetheless, the startled Sabrina continued hiding in her room. Occasionally, she would take a peek at them through the slit of the door. 
Sebastian paid no heed to her. However, Wendy and Lance, who had just made their way back from the yard after retrieving Frieda’s suitcases, were at a loss for words when they saw Sabrina’s odd behavior. 
Wendy broke the silence and asked, “Ms. Sabrina, what are you doing? Why don’t you join them?” 
“Huh? There’s no way I’m having fun with a lunatic!” 
She pointed in the direction of Frieda. It turned out Frieda had been running around with the children again. 
Wendy and Lance were rendered speechless by Sabrina’s reply. Instead of reprimanding Sabrina, Lance urged Sabrina to join them in the kitchen, “Well, why don’t you join us in the kitchen? Wendy has bought us all sorts of food!” 
“Sure!” Sabrina agreed to join him in the kitchen without a second thought and followed them to the kitchen.
###Chapter 524
Chapter 524
Soon, Sasha, who had headed out to acquire a bouquet of flowers, made her way back and strode in the direction of the kitchen. 
Wendy asked the moment she saw Sasha, “Why have you bought this bouquet of flowers, Mrs. Hayes?” 
Sasha was confused by the question and ended up stammering in return, “H-Huh? The owner of the shop had gotten me this when I told him I need it to pay tribute to a senior of the family.” 
“Oh! I guess it’s not much of a surprise even if you’re not aware of the customs and traditions of the family!” 
Wendy thought it was the right thing to do since only those from the upper echelon would go to great lengths to honor the predecessors of the family. 
More often than not, it takes more than a bouquet of flowers just to pay tribute to the Hayes who’s no longer around. Well, I guess it’s not her fault since she has acquired the aid of others to get it ready. 
Sasha made her way upstairs after washing her hands since Wendy offered to get the rest of things sorted out on her behalf. 
She greeted her husband as soon as she reached upstairs. Her tone could easily intrigue a man. “Darling, where are you? I’m home!” 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was in the middle of a conversation with Solomon on the phone. Solomon got in touch with Sebastian immediately after he found out Sasha had returned. 
“I have honored my promise. Isn’t it about time for you to honor your promise as well?” Solomon asked.
“What? Are you afraid I’m going to break my promise? I’ll hand it over to you as soon as everything’s ready!” 
Sebastian had no intention to waste his time with the arrogant man anymore when he heard Sasha’s voice. He merely wished to wrap up the conversation as soon as possible. 
Solomon was on cloud nine. He asked, “When are you handing it over to me? I need it for the press conference to announce my ownership over Hayes Corporation!” 
He needed that to convince others he was the legit successor of Hayes Corporation and had never once tried to acquire ownership over it through underhanded means. 
Sebastian sneered and assured, “I’ll hand it over to you the moment you need it.” 
Immediately after he finished his sentence, he hung up the call. 
Coincidentally, Sasha, who was on her way into the bedroom, heard Sebastian’s announcement. She asked, “Have you made up your mind to hand over everything you’re supposed to inherit to him?” 
Sebastian responded with a nod and answered, “To begin with, he’s the rightful successor.” 
Sebastian was no longer angry after going through the incident. Although it might be Frederick’s intention to have Sebastian inherit his shares, Sebastian felt obliged to return them to Solomon. 
After all, Solomon was Frederick’s biological son, whereas Sebastian felt indebted to Frederick for his bringing him up over the years. 
He felt indebted to the Hayes and thought it wouldn’t be wise to get his hands on the family’s possession anymore. 
Sasha thought that was the right thing to do when she heard Sebastian’s explanation.
“We’ll leave immediately after you return everything to him and start all over somewhere else with our children! I’m sure we’re going to be just fine since you’re such a capable man!” 
Confused by the things she had brought up, he asked with his eyes glued to her, “What are you talking about?” 
Similarly, Sasha was confused by his response and wondered had she brought up something she should’ve kept to herself. 
Huh? Is there something wrong? Is he indicating he has no intention to leave? 
Sasha regretted blurting out the things she had in mind without giving it much thought. “I-I’m just exploring the possible alternatives! It’s fine even if you wish to stay! I’ll follow you wherever you go!” 
She did a great job covering up her mistake. However, Sebastian went dead silent once again. 
He continued staring at her in the eyes as if he had something else in mind. Consequently, Sasha felt a chill running down her spine. 
“Haven’t we agreed to migrate to Miralaea?” 
“H-Huh?” 
Sasha’s mind was all over the place when she heard him bringing up their initial plan of migration. 
Immediately after she snapped out of bewilderment, she asked, “Are you serious? I have always thought you were just pulling my leg!” 
“I’m dead serious after being apart from you for such a long time! I have everything for the plan ready!”
Sebastian retrieved the purchasing agreement of the estate of Miralaea from his drawer and handed it over to Sasha. 
She finally returned to her sprightly self and responded with a bright grin. 
“Alright! As soon as we’re done with everything, we’ll move to Miralaea and start over a new life!” 
Her joy was written all over her face as if it was a dream come true. She rushed downstairs with the agreement and shared the great news with the rest. 
Has she forgotten about this? Sebastian went dead silent and thought Sasha might have forgotten their initial plan after such a long time. 
Immediately after their dinner, Wendy made her way to the second floor to keep an eye on Frieda. 
Sebastian, Sasha, and their children were the only ones left on the first floor. Their children spent most of their time with Sasha after being away for such a long time.
###Chapter 525
Chapter 525
The little girl wrapped her arms around her mother’s thigh and requested, “Mommy, can you give me a shower? I’m so done with having a shower without your help!” 
Sasha had no choice but to show her daughter the way to the bathroom. To the little girl’s surprise, her mother seemed to have forgotten the proper way to give her a shower. 
“Mommy, aren’t you supposed to wash my hair before everything else?” Vivian asked when Sasha was about to apply body wash to her body. 
Instead of rinsing off the body wash, Sasha started washing Vivian’s hair with it when she heard her daughter. 
Vivian wasn’t able to stop her since Sasha had applied everything when she thought of stopping Sasha. 
In the end, bubbles were all over Vivian’s head and ended up seeping into her eyes. 
She started wailing, “I-It stings, Mommy! My eyes sting!” 
Sebastian, who was giving their sons a shower next door, rushed into the bathroom when he heard their daughter wailing. 
“What’s wrong? Why is she crying?” 
“T-The bubbles have seeped into her eyes.” 
As soon as Sasha explained herself, she told Vivian to stay still and started sprinkling water in her daughter’s direction to rinse off the soapy residue. 
“Boohoo—” Their daughter ended up wailing again.
“What are you doing? Are you sure this is the way you’re supposed to help her? Is something wrong with you?” 
Unable to stand it anymore, Sebastian dashed over and held their daughter in his arms, making his way to retrieve the towel to wipe her eyes dry. 
It worked like a charm and stopped the little girl from making a scene. 
Sasha was at a loss for words to defend herself and stood right where she was with an odd posture. 
“I-I wasn’t sure of the proper things to do! M-My mind was all over the place the moment she started wailing! I’m so sorry, Vivian! Please forgive me!” 
“I-It’s fine, Mommy.” 
Vivian, who had finally regained her composure, assured her mother it wasn’t a big deal even though her eyes were swollen. 
Sebastian knew he wasn’t supposed to pick on Sasha in front of their daughter and remained silent throughout their conversation. 
Instead of reprimanding Sasha, he instructed, “Why don’t you head next door and read our sons a story? I’ll go get Vivian dressed up.” 
“Alright.” 
Sasha felt a sense of relief and made her way to their sons’ room as instructed. 
The boys had long made their way out of the bathroom. Sitting on the bed, they greeted Sasha the moment they saw her, “Mommy!”
“Have you guys been waiting for me?” Sasha made her way to her sons’ sides with a beam and took a seat next to them. 
Matteo was unable to contain his excitement anymore. He asserted with a nod, “We’re waiting for you to read us a story! Ms. Dolivo isn’t a match for you!” 
On the other hand, Ian had always been a boy of a few words. The fact he had remained silent indicated he agreed with this brother. 
Their mother asked, “Are you sure?” 
Matteo suggested with a smile, “She has always shared folklores of different regions with us! Mommy, why don’t you carry on with the nonfictional novel you have read us?” 
Ian nodded, indicating he was of the same idea as his brother. 
Sasha gaped at her son’s suggestion and stammered in return, “I can’t really recall the content as it has been quite some time since my last reading session. I’ll read you the novel after a reading session in the future.” 
“Well, I guess we don’t get to say no either.” 
Her sons’ disappointment was written all over their faces. Nonetheless, they agreed to have Sasha read them another story. 
Thus, she shared the tales of a little girl wandering around the forest and getting tricked by a witch with her sons. They felt a strong urge to sleep and wonder if something was wrong with their mother. 
What’s wrong with Mommy? Why has she started sharing such pointless fictional tales? 
Immediately after she tucked the boys in, she made her way to her bedroom.
“Darling?” 
Sasha was in a great mood as she stepped into the room and noticed the heater had been switched on in advance. 
Upon a simple glimpse at the room, she noticed no one was around. Instead, she heard the running tap coming from the bathroom. 
Is he having a shower? 
She flushed when she thought of the things awaiting her; her fingers started shivering against her will. 
A few minutes later, the man made his way out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist. 
The completely drenched man approached Sasha and asked, “Have they fallen asleep?” 
Sasha nodded in return all while sizing up the topless man in front of her.
###Chapter 526
Chapter 526
The things she had in mind were written all over her face as she continued staring at droplets of water streaming down the man’s sturdy pecs and abs. 
“I-I’ll head over and take a shower as well!” 
She rushed into the bathroom with the set of pajamas she had gotten herself and continued blushing throughout the way. 
Sebastian thought he would feel a strong urge to engage himself with a raunchy activity with her after being apart for such a long time. 
After all, he was head over heels in love with her. However, he was confused by the fact he wasn’t as enthusiastic to carry on with the session when he caught her lustful expression. 
Is something wrong with me? Have I not gotten used to her being affectionate yet? Does it have something to do with the fact she’s no longer her timid self? 
Creak! 
After making her way out of the bathroom, Sasha, who had put on the nightgown he got her a long time ago, marched in his direction and greeted in a mellifluous tone, “Darling…” 
No ordinary man could resist her seductive voice. However, Sebastian, who was reading a book, had no intention to carry on with the session. 
In fact, he was overwhelmed by an odd sensation when she joined him in bed and continued sashaying her way to him. 
Seconds after he snapped out of confusion, he jolted out from bed and said, “Why don’t you go ahead and sleep without me? There are still some things I need to tend to! I’ll be heading back to the study!”
He retrieved his jacket and marched out of the room without any hesitation, leaving a confused Sasha behind. 
What the heck? What on earth is he up to? What’s so important to the extent he’s willing to dismiss me and my presence after being apart for such a long time? 
Sasha was upset and slightly overwhelmed by wrath. Nonetheless, she fell into a deep slumber and wasn’t aware if Sebastian had made his way back to the room in the middle of the night. 
She found out Sebastian was nowhere to be seen next to her the moment she was roused from her sleep in the morning. 
“Mrs. Hayes, are you guys heading out to pay tribute to Mr. Hayes Sr.?” 
“Yeah, have you seen Sebastian?” Sasha asked in return the moment she saw Wendy. 
“He has headed out for a follow-up session with his mother. I think he’ll be heading back soon since it won’t take long.” 
Wendy assured Sasha her husband would be back soon as she thought Sasha was afraid he might not make it back to join her. 
Instead of saying something else, Sasha went dead silent and marched in the direction of her room. 
Coincidentally, Sabrina, who was on her way down the stairs with a disheveled look, brought herself to a halt when she passed by Sasha’s side. 
“Are you a fake?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in disbelief. She stuttered in return, “H-Huh?”
Her sister-in-law burst into laughter and remarked, “You know what? You stink when you’re supposed to smell great!” 
Guffawing, Sabrina bounced her way down the stairs, leaving the startled woman alone. 
Sasha’s face turned pale when she heard Sabrina’s remarks. Glaring at Sabrina in the eyes, her face scrunched up in irritation as though she was up to something. 
I shouldn’t have forgotten that maniac over there used to spend quite some time with her! In other words, she knows her better than others! 
As she lost herself in the process of thought, another unwanted guest showed up at the doorstep. 
“Ms. Rocke, what brings you here early in the morning?” 
Marching her way into the living room with her bag, Roxanne greeted Wendy, “Hi, I’m here for Sabrina’s therapy. I’m sure she’s going to recover after another few sessions.” 
She gaped at the presence of the woman staring at her from afar and asked, “Sasha, since when have you returned?” 
What’s wrong with her? Is she upset by my presence or something? Does she think she’s a member of the family just because I have been away for such a long time? 
Sasha approached Roxanne and asked with a scowl, “What’s wrong? Are you surprised by my presence or something, Ms. Rocke?” 
Wendy interrupted the duo’s conversation and explained, “Mrs. Hayes, you have misunderstood Ms. Rocke! She’s merely here for Ms. Sabrina! Ms. Sabrina’s condition has greatly improved thanks to Ms. Rocke!”
“Are you serious? If that’s the case, we’re greatly indebted to Ms. Rocke!” Sasha finished her sentence in a sarcastic manner. 
It seemed as if another intense fight would soon break out in the living room. Thankfully, Sebastian’s call brought upon a change of pace in the nick of time. 
“Hello, Mr. Hayes?” 
“Wendy, has Sasha woken up?” 
“Yes.” 
“If that’s the case, tell her to get the things she needs and make her way to the cemetery. I can’t make it back in time since I’m caught in the middle of something. As soon as we’re done, we’ll make our way over from the hospital.”
###Chapter 527
Chapter 527
Sasha retrieved the things she needed and made her way out as instructed. 
When she passed by Roxanne’s side, she whispered, “You don’t think I’m not aware of your ive, do you? I’m warning you to stay away from him and stop showing up in front of me! Otherwise, I’ll take you out!” 
Colors drained from Roxanne’s face as a result of Sasha’s warning. 
Sasha Wand! 
Gritting her teeth to suppress her wrath, Roxanne glared at Sasha with her eyes narrowed to a slit. 
On the other hand, Sasha paid no heed to her and made her way out with the things she needed. 
Half an hour later, she finally joined her husband at the cemetery. 
“Darling, where have you been early in the morning? Why haven’t you roused me from my sleep and get me to join you?” 
Immediately after she alighted from her car, she sashayed her way to her husband’s side when she saw the Bentley parked nearby. 
Sebastian responded with a frown without him being aware of his expression and looked elsewhere to avoid Sasha’s gaze. 
“I just didn’t wish to get in your way since you seemed to be having a great time sleeping. Speaking of which, have you brought the things we need?” 
He alighted from his car and made his way to her car, ignoring her instead of walking alongside her.
Sasha went after him and said, “Yes! Speaking of which, why have you acquired Roxanne’s aid to check on Sabrina? Aren’t you aware she’s—” 
“Sabrina’s condition has drastically improved after Roxanne’s therapy. She was also taken into custody by Ken Sato and ended up being injected with some sort of toxin when you were confined. Apart from Roxanne, no one can do anything about it.” 
Immediately after Sebastian made himself clear he had no alternatives, the aggressive woman stopped picking on him and went dead silent. 
Instead of turning around to check on her, Sebastian made his way to his father’s grave after retrieving the items he needed. 
It’s almost been a week since the ceremony. I wonder if he’s still around to keep his visitors company? 
Sebastian got down on his knees in front of his father’s grave. 
He regretted everything he had done during the funeral. Now, he stood quietly on the wet ground without saying anything. 
Sasha was to go near him when she saw her husband standing in a pile of mud after a night of heavy downpour. 
He stopped her and said, “No, I don’t want you to catch a cold.” 
His wife gave up and handed the bouquet of flower she had brought along to her husband, placing it in front of her father-in-law’s grave. 
“Have you handed over the share transfer agreement and my father’s seal and ID to Ken?” 
“Huh?” Seconds after Sasha returned to her senses, she stammered, “I-I didn’t.”
“If that’s the case, where are those things? Since it’s about time for the press conference, I need to gather everything and honor my promise,” Sebastian asked with his eyes glued to his father’s grave. 
Sasha’s mind was all over the place. Consequently, she ended up stuttering again, “I-I’m not sure of their precise location after handing it over to Sabrina to stop the Jetroinian from getting his hands on them!” 
In the nick of time, she made something up and got Sabrina involved to deceive Sebastian since Sabrina wasn’t in her right mind. 
In other words, she could easily make Sabrina her scapegoat as the mad woman couldn’t even recall the incident that had occurred. 
Sebastian had no doubts and said, “Well, I guess I’ll have to get Roxanne to hurry up with her therapy because I need Sabrina to do me that favor.” 
“What? Are you serious?” Sasha raised her volume and let loose of her emotions. 
Sebastian responded with a frown and looked at his so-called wife in the eyes, asking in a confused tone, “What’s the matter? Are you against the idea of healing Sabrina?”
###Chapter 528
Chapter 528
“Mrs. Hayes, are you not feeling well or something? Do you need me to get you a doctor to check on you?” 
Wendy, who had returned after dropping by the hospital to check on Frieda, expressed her concern over Sasha’s condition. 
Instead of answering Wendy’s question, Sasha asked after glancing at the courtyard, “Where’s Sabrina?” 
“She has left with Ms. Rocke after Mr. Hayes told Ms. Rocke to take her away for a proper therapy session.” 
“What? Has it been a long time since their departure?” 
Startled by the question, Wendy queried in return, “Yes, hasn’t Mr. Hayes mentioned anything in front of you?” 
Have they not made their way to the cemetery together? Why isn’t Mrs. Hayes aware of Mr. Hayes’ plan? 
Immediately after she directed the question at Sasha, colors started draining from Sasha’s face with her eyes widened in fear. 
“I-I’ll be heading out for something!” As soon as Sasha finished her sentence, she made her way out when it had only been a short while after she returned home. 
What’s wrong with her today? 
Confused by Sasha’s response, Wendy looked at the departing woman with her brows arched in confusion.
Sasha, who had just departed from Wand residence, made her way to Roxanne’s research laboratory. 
She had been wondering if it was time for her to acquire others’ aid. After much considerations, she thought it wouldn’t be wise and changed her mind since she had another plan in mind. 
“Roxanne, do you really think you’re a match for me? I guess I’ll do you a favor and take you out since you have a death wish!” 
Muttering to herself with a vicious smirk, she stopped concealing her true colors as it wouldn’t be necessary for her to put on a sincere front when no one was around. 
Twenty minutes later, she finally reached Roxanne’s research laboratory. 
Immediately after she made her way back, she instructed the nurse to turn down the appointments in the afternoon as she wouldn’t want others getting in her way. 
After she made her way to the laboratory with Sabrina, she instructed, “Sit down!” 
Sabrina took a seat as instructed. It turned out Roxanne had hypnotized as she was afraid Sabrina would make a scene instead of following her to the lab. 
Seconds after Roxanne retrieved the needle and attached it to a barrel, she started taking Sabrina’s blood sample. 
“Argh—” 
Sabrina, who had been hypnotized, groaned in pain. However, Roxanne showed no signs of stopping. 
I guess it hurts a lot, huh? It’s nothing as compared to the humiliation I have gone through because of you! If it’s possible, I’ll run a scalpel through your skin! 
“Dr. Rocke, are we supposed to run a test with the blood sample?”
“Yes, I need to figure out if the venom is still in her system.” 
Roxanne made her way out of the laboratory with the nurse, leaving Sabrina unattended. 
A few minutes later, a mysterious figure sneaked her way into the building with a face mask and a cap. When she found out no one was there to stop her, she sneaked her way into the laboratory. 
It turned out no one was around since Roxanne was in the middle of running a test with the blood sample along with the rest of her team. 
Thus, it merely took the mysterious figure a few minutes until she found the entrance to the laboratory. 
There you are, Sabrina Hayes! 
Thrilled by the presence of the unconscious woman, the mysterious figure’s expression was written all over her face. 
The moment she made her way into the laboratory, the alarm went blaring, alarming those in the building. 
“Dr. Rocke, is something wrong with the patient?” 
Roxanne, who had just gotten her hands on the results, responded with a frown and catapulted in the direction of the laboratory. 
As soon as she returned to the laboratory, she realized that someone had barged into the laboratory. 
To prevent others from getting their hands on her fruit of labor, she had all sorts of countermeasures in place, including the alarm. 
Roxanne sprinted into the laboratory and yelled, “Sabrina!”
Her heart sank to the bottom of her stomach when she caught a glimpse of Sabrina convulsing and foaming. 
“Hurry up and get me some water!” 
She yelled and continued searching for the injection she needed for Sabrina. Things were chaotic for Sabrina and her team. 
They were on pins and needles in anticipation of the outcome of Roxanne’s attempt to save Sabrina. 
Unfortunately, the effort of the skilled Roxanne was to no avail. Within a few minutes, Sabrina’s limbs turned stiff as she had passed on. 
“W-What are we supposed to do, Dr. Rocke?” 
The nurse was on the verge of losing her mind as the heiress of the Hayes had just passed on in front of them. Is Mr. Hayes going to come after us and hold us accountable for his sister’s death? 
Roxanne’s mind was all over the place as well. 
No! I can’t possibly allow Sebastian to figure out her sister has passed on because of me! 
Staring at the unconscious woman on the chair, she buried her face and murmured to herself, “N-No! I- It has nothing to do with me! I-I haven’t done anything just yet! Why on earth has she passed on?”
###Chapter 529
Chapter 529
“D-Dr. Rocke?” 
“N-No! I-It’s not my fault—” 
Roxanne was no longer her calm and collected self as she was overwhelmed by the thought of Sebastian leaving her. 
In the end, she made up her mind to deny her responsibilities and started removing the equipment attached to Sabrina, fleeing as soon as she had everything removed. 
The nurse was rendered speechless by her supervisor’s response. Things were chaotic for those affiliated with the laboratory as they were afraid of the things awaiting them. 
Half an hour later, Sebastian and Sasha, who were made aware of the incident, rushed to the scene. 
Sebastian was the first to reach his sister’s side. He started throwing a tantrum in the laboratory and yelled, “Where the hell is Roxanne? Get her over here at once!” 
Intimidated by the man’s presence, the nurse stuttered, “D-Dr. Rocke has made her way home, Mr. Hayes. I-It wasn’t her fault either since we were still in the middle of a trial-and-error session. There’s a huge risk associated with the newly developed antidote.” 
“Is that the reason she has brought upon my sister’s demise?” 
“I-I—” 
Sasha knew the nurse was about to burst into tears in front of Sebastian. Thus, she rushed over to her husband’s side to stop him.
“Darling, we need to remain calm in times of emergencies since we can’t do anything to revive the dead. Don’t you think we need to send Sabrina to the hospital?” 
Glaring her in the eyes, her husband repeated after her, “Send her to the hospital?” 
Sasha felt a chill running down her spine since she had never witnessed the intimidating side of Sebastian. 
Standing in front of her husband, she stuttered, “S-Since she has passed on, isn’t it time to send her to the hospital for an autopsy? I-If you wish to hold Roxanne accountable, we need to get the doctors to run some tests on her.” 
Get the doctors to conduct an autopsy to testify against Roxanne? 
Sebastian couldn’t believe his ears and almost went berserk in front of his wife. He clenched his fists and forced himself to calm down. 
In the end, he announced with his eyes closed, “Alright, leave me alone for the time being. I need some time to gather my thoughts.” 
“Alright, Darling. You need to stay strong as well.” 
Sasha departed seconds after she finished her sentence. 
Wendy found out Sasha was no longer in a foul mood as Sasha asked in a sprightly tone the moment she returned, “Wendy, are the children back yet?” 
“Lance has just mentioned he’s going to make his way over to pick them up in a few minutes.” 
“Can you get in touch with him and tell him I’ll be heading over to pick them up?” Sasha, who was in a great mood, volunteered herself and made her way out once again.
In the evening, Sebastian stood still in the office of First Hospital’s director looking out of the window into the brightly lit city. 
Karl showed up and announced the moment he saw Sebastian, “Mr. Hayes, Mr. Jadeson told us he had affirmed the complications after the consumption of medicines to be the reason behind the demise of Mr. Hayes Sr.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Mr. Jadeson told us the doctor mentioned it wouldn’t cause arterial stiffening even if Mr. Hayes Sr. had consumed more than the usual dosage. In other words, someone must have swapped the prescribed medicine with something else.” 
After pausing for a few seconds, he shared the rest of the findings with Sebastian. “On top of that, the doctors were startled by the fact they had gotten their hands on a toxin that was unknown.” 
Karl showed Sebastian the report he had retrieved from the representative from Jadeborough. 
Upon a simple glimpse, Sebastian realized he could barely understand the terms included in the report. 
Nonetheless, as an intelligent and observant man, he noticed a few familiar chemical equations. 
“Phantasia.” 
“Phantasia?” repeated the confused Karl after Sebastian. 
Sebastian showed him the chemical equation on the report and stated, “When Roxanne carried out a series of tests with Sabrina’s blood sample, she found something called Phantasia in Sabrina’s system.”
Karl’s eyes widened in disbelief as he finally recalled it was the latest drug invented by those affiliated with the black market. 
What the heck? What’s wrong with them? Why are they coming after the Hayes with such brutal means? 
It was the first time Karl felt such a strong urge to take those imbecile fools out to avenge Sebastian. 
Sebastian continued, “Roxanne told me it could easily get someone hyped up for no apparent reason. Youngsters tend to end up losing their minds. That’s precisely the case for Sabrina.” 
“If that’s the case, Mr. Hayes Sr. has—” 
Karl started shivering in fear with his eyes brimming with tears. He just couldn’t bring himself to finish his sentence. 
Similarly, Sebastian remained silent and gazed at the night with his face puckered in a deathly stare. 
A strong murderous intent was written all over his face. It felt as though he was up to something to avenge his father and his sister.
###Chapter 530
Chapter 530
“It’s fine! We’ll just let them have a taste of their own medicine when the opportunity arises in the future!” 
“Alright!” 
Karl, who was on the verge of losing his cool, finally regained his composure when he heard Sebastian’s plan. 
A few seconds later, he asked when he recalled something, “If that’s the case, are you handing the ownership over the company to Solomon during the press conference?” 
Immediately after he cast the cigarette aside, he asked in a sarcastic manner, “Of course! I mean, why not?” 
“Why are you handing it over to him when he’s the one behind your father’s demise? Aren’t you dancing to his tune?” 
Karl was unable to remain calm when he found out the mastermind would soon get his hands on the things he had been seeking. 
On the contrary, Sebastian wasn’t particularly irked. Upon a simple glance at the frustrated man next to him, he remarked, “Since Sasha has returned to me, it’s time for me to honor my promise as well.” 
“Mr. Hayes!” 
“Why don’t you make a trip to Jetroina on my behalf? I heard Tsurka had built Jade Garden to honor Solomon’s adoptive mother who was from Chanaea. If it’s possible, gathering every intel you can get your hands on.”
Karl was surprised at Sebastian’s order to dispatch him to Jetroina in times of emergencies when he needed him the most. 
Is something wrong with Mr. Hayes? What does Tsurka’s wife have anything to do with this? Is this the thing I’m supposed to do in times of emergencies? 
As much as Karl was against the idea, he couldn’t say much to refute Sebastian and ended up making his way to Jetroina within another few hours. 
Immediately after Karl’s departure, Sebastian made his way home as well. 
“Darling, have you had your meal yet?” 
The moment he stepped into the foyer, he heard his wife greeting him in an enthusiastic manner. 
Sebastian inched away from her and urged, “Stay away from me since I have just made my way back from the hospital. I’m afraid of infecting you.” 
“O-Oh—” 
Sasha, who had been anticipating her husband’s return, stepped aside as instructed. 
“Why don’t you go ahead and take a shower? I’ll head into the kitchen to get your meal ready!” 
Sebastian responded with a nod and made his way upstairs. 
The night was still young. However, the house was no longer lively since Sabrina, his children and his mother weren’t around to mess around with one another. 
To be precise, things felt eerie in the huge mansion.
Although the rest of the family wasn’t in a great mood, Sasha greeted him with a bright grin as if she couldn’t care less about Sabrina’s death. 
Sebastian lost himself in another train of thoughts as he marched his way up the stairs with a frown. 
“Ms. Dolivo, where’s Aunt Sabrina? Why hasn’t Aunt Sabrina returned?” 
“Where’s Aunt Sabrina? Isn’t she supposed to be home by now? What’s taking her so long today?” 
“Where is she, Ms. Dolivo?” 
When he passed by his children’s room, he heard them directing all sorts of questions at Wendy, inquiring Sabrina’s whereabouts. 
Wendy wasn’t sure of the things to tell the children and made something up to deceive them. 
“She’s spending a night at Ms. Rocke’s place for her therapy. She’ll make her way back as soon as she’s fully recovered.” 
“Oh! Okay!” 
Although the children were no longer concerned, their disappointment was written all over their faces since their aunt wasn’t there to keep them entertained. 
Wendy was startled by Sebastian’s presence outside of the room after making her way out of the children’s room as soon as she tucked them in. 
“M-Mr. Hayes? What are you doing here? Have you had your meal? If you haven’t had anything, I’ll head downstairs to make you something to eat!” 
“That won’t be necessary since someone else is getting it ready.”
Sebastian tilted his head to catch a glimpse of his children in his room. 
Wendy explained, “They had been waiting for Mrs. Hayes to read them a bedtime story, but she insisted on waiting for you. Therefore, I made my way upstairs to keep them company.” 
“It’s fine, Wendy. Correct me if I’m wrong, but you’re from Tayhaven, aren’t you?” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
Standing in the middle of the corridor, Sebastian suggested out of nowhere, “Can you bring my mother and the three little ones to your hometown? I’ll get someone to send all of you there.” 
Wendy was astonished by the suggestion and thought she had been hearing things. 
H-Huh? It’s fine! However, what’s with the sudden trip? Why does he want me to take his mother and children to my hometown with me? 
“That won’t be an issue, Mr. Hayes! Do you want me to bring them to my hometown with me? Are sure you’re not trying to pull my leg?” 
“I’m pretty serious since it’s about time for their semester break. Since they seem to enjoy living on the outskirts, I think it’s not a bad idea to get them to join you at your hometown.”
###Chapter 531
Chapter 531
“As for my mother…” Sebastian paused and stared ahead of him halfway through his speech. 
Wendy turned around and saw Frieda, whom she had tucked in bed, had made her way downstairs again. 
Frieda was hiding behind the stairs, staring at the conversing duo as if she was afraid of approaching them. She would tilt her head to take a peek at the duo from time to time. 
Wendy thought she shouldn’t have left her unattended. Immediately, she apologized, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Hayes. I have tucked her up in bed since quite some time ago, but she might have been roused from her sleep again.” 
She was about to approach Frieda and show her the way back to her room, but Sebastian stopped Wendy and beckoned the woman behind the stairs to join them. 
Frieda’s eyes widened in disbelief and thought she had been seeing things. 
Is he asking me to join him? Is he no longer mad at me? Is he finally talking to me? 
Thrilled, Frieda bounced her way over in a joyful manner. She had finally gotten used to walking after spending a few days with her grandchildren. 
Immediately after she reached her son’s side, she showed him the things she had with her for quite some time. “Shin, candy…!” 
Seconds after he took over the candy his mother had with her, he explained, “I’m not the man you’re looking for. Actually, I’m your son.” 
“M-My son?”
He started introducing the members of the family to his mother in a serious manner, “Yes, I’m no longer a little boy. The little kids over there are your grandchildren.” 
Frieda had a hard time comprehending the thing the man in front of her said. Nonetheless, she linked the keywords together and thought the man in front of him was her long-lost son. 
She nodded with her eyes gleaming in excitement. “M-My son has grown up!” 
“Yes, your son has grown up.” 
Sebastian felt a prickling sensation behind his eyes due to his mother’s response. 
Judging by his mother’s response, he knew his biological parents must have been so much in love back in the day since her mother was still head over heels in love with his father to the extent of misperceiving him as his father. 
Frieda was on cloud nine and continued running her fingers across her son’s face after she had enough of sizing him up. 
“I can’t believe my son is taller than me!” 
“I have a mission for you, Mom.” 
“What is it?” 
“Your grandchildren wish to go on a vacation for their long semester break. Unfortunately, we can’t keep them company. Can you tag along with them for the trip to Wendy’s hometown?” 
Without a second thought, Frieda asserted with a determined look, “You can count on me to take care of your children!” 
She showed her son a thumbs up, indicating she would definitely uphold her promise.
She was merely in her early twenties when she lost her mind. When she was eighteen, she became acquainted with Shin and got herself pregnant with Sebastian when she was nineteen. In other words, she had gotten herself pregnant around the time Sasha was pregnant with the triplets. 
Frieda made her way back to her room and tucked herself in instead of trying something silly since her son had mandated her to take care of his children. 
Wendy found the mother and son duo’s interaction hilarious. 
In the meantime, Sasha had gotten Sebastian’s meal ready. However, her husband was nowhere to be seen in the kitchen even after a long time. 
It was getting really late. Unable to stand it anymore, she brought herself upstairs to get the man downstairs to have his meal. 
“Darling, what are you doing? Aren’t you going to have your meal?” She expressed her dissatisfaction in the disguise of a series of questions. 
To her surprise, no one was in the room when she stomped her way in. 
Huh? Where’s Sebastian? 
She thought he must be in the study since he was nowhere to be seen in the room. 
The moment she made her way to the study, she saw the man in the middle of something behind his table. 
“Darling, it turns out you’re here! Why haven’t you informed me that you’re working on something? I have been waiting for you!”
She reprimanded her husband for neglecting her and made her way to his side immediately after she entered the study. 
It was then she found out he was in the middle of something with the will since he wasn’t allowed to transfer the things that were meant to be his to others. 
If he wished to transfer everything that was intended for him to others, he would have to inherit them in order to carry on with the rest of the procedures. 
Therefore, he was in the middle of the procedures inheriting the assets listed in the will. 
Sasha frowned when she found out he had been transferring the things to himself. She asked, “Aren’t you transferring these to Solomon?” 
Sebastian responded with a nod and explained, “I have to inherit everything if I wish to transfer the ownership of all these over to him.”
###Chapter 532
Chapter 532
Sasha was slightly confused as she couldn’t get a grasp of the procedures. Nonetheless, she wasn’t as concerned when she saw the share transferal agreement on the man’s table. 
The joyful woman offered, “Well, just take your time! I’ll bring your meal upstairs for you!” 
To her surprise, he turned her down and instructed, “Just go ahead and call it a day ahead of me since it’s going to take quite a long time. I have just gotten in touch with those relevant to deal with the rest of the procedures.” 
Sasha was overwhelmed by disappointment again. She brought herself up and strode her way in the direction of the door. 
When she was merely a step away from the door, she turned around and returned to his side. 
As she couldn’t stand it anymore, she took him by surprise and kissed him on the cheek. 
Instead of reciprocating her affection, he responded with a powerful slap as if he was utterly disgusted by the presence of the woman next to him. 
Truth be told, the woman was equally startled as she was afraid of taking the initiative in the first place. 
Slap! 
“Argh!” 
She shrieked at the top of her lungs due to the racking sensation coming from her cheeks. 
As soon as he shrugged her off, the disgusted man rushed out of the room and dismissed the things he was in the middle of just to get rid of the disgusting sensation. 
Sasha was in a state of bewilderment and continued staring at the man’s departing figure in confusion.
Is he disgusted by a mere kiss when he’s my husband? Why doesn’t he allow me to kiss him when I’m his better half? Has he figured out anything? 
Colors drained from her face as she was engulfed by a strong sense of insecurity and a heart- wrenching pain. 
She couldn’t even feel the pain and felt a strong urge to leave when the thought of the things awaiting her crossed her mind. 
To her surprise, the man returned to the study within a few seconds after running out of the study. 
“I-I’m so sorry for overreacting. Are you hurt?” 
“H-Huh?” 
Sasha had a hard time telling if it was another one of her many imaginations when the man returned with an apologetic front and expressed his concerns over her condition. 
Sebastian’s guilt was written all over his face. “I’m so sorry for hurting you over and over again because of mysophobia.” 
Is he indicating he has overreacted due to mysophobia? If that’s the case, have they always… 
“Shall we visit the doctor in the near future and see if there’s anything we can do about it? I mean, it’s such a shame we can’t even kiss.” 
“W-What?” 
Sasha no longer had her doubts when the man reassured him it was nothing more than mysophobia. 
She brought herself up and wasn’t as sad anymore.
“It’s fine. In fact, it’s my fault for forgetting such an important thing and letting loose of myself. Are you okay?” 
Sebastian heaved a long sigh of relief and assured the woman in front of him, “I’ll be fine after taking a shower. Are you sure you’re fine? Why don’t you go ahead and call it a day?” 
“Mmm! I’ll go ahead and sleep soon! You need to look after yourself and stop overworking as well!” 
Sasha dared not push her luck anymore. Immediately after she indicated she was of the same idea, she brought herself out of the study. 
I’m just glad it turns out just fine! 
The startled woman brought herself to her room and felt the kiss was worth it after calming herself. 
It was one of her biggest dream come true to have the man to herself. The kiss was a manifestation of her wish over the years. Therefore, she thought she could finally die in peace. 
No! I’m going to spend the rest of my life with him! If that’s the case, I’ll get to kiss him whenever I feel like it! 
She was thrilled by the thoughts of carrying out all sorts of activities with the man she had in mind. 
Immediately after she reached for her phone, she drafted a text. 
It’s fine to bring her along, but ensure she doesn’t show up with the same face! 
Meanwhile, Yancy, who was in Jetroina, had gotten everything ready for departure the moment she received the text. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, are you heading over as well?”
“Of course! Since my son is gaining control over Hayes Corporation soon, I need to join him for such a joyous occasion!” Yancy swirled her glass of wine and announced with a smile.
###Chapter 533
Chapter 533
Hanako had her doubts since things had progressed way too smoothly. It was then they received the text from the woman who was next to Sebastian. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, she said she had gotten everything ready. However, she wants us to honor our promise as well.” 
Yancy rolled her eyes and asked the woman next to her, “What sort of promises are you talking about?” 
“Prior to her departure, she told us to get rid of the woman if she was able to replace her. In other words, she wants us to take out the woman she’s replacing.” 
Yancy finally recalled the agreement she had with the so-called Sasha. 
What are we supposed to do? Am I supposed to kill her? 
She had her doubts when she recalled something she wished to shrug off her mind yet couldn’t as much as she tried. 
“If that’s the case, just send her to undergo plastic surgery and ensure she won’t cause us any trouble in the future.” 
“Yes.” 
Hanako made her way to the chamber as soon as she received the instructions. 
Yancy murmured to herself, “Heather, I won’t let you down! Although she’s no longer the same in terms of look, I’ll ensure she gets married to my son!” 
After she finished her glass of wine, she made her way to her room to pack the things she needed. 
Hanako saw the frail woman the moment she made her way into the desolate chamber.
It turned out they had been sedating her ever since her last failed suicide attempt. She wasn’t even allowed to take her life without others’ consent as they would bring her back to life. 
Hanako broke the silence and announced the moment she saw Sasha, “Ms. Wand, I have great news for you—your husband is having a great time with your doppelganger as we speak.” 
The frail woman, who couldn’t even sit upright, grasped the blanket with all her might and started convulsing. 
Glaring at the woman in front of her, she felt a strong urge to take her out and rip her into pieces. “Y- You’ll get the things you deserve soon!” 
Hanako burst into laughter as she found Sasha’s warning hilarious when she couldn’t even defend herself from others. 
“What do you mean, Ms. Wand? Are you talking about my brother? I’m afraid you’re right—he’s long dead! The old geezer had sent his men to take him out! Therefore, it’s time to get my revenge! We’re starting it with you!” 
“W-What are you trying to do?” 
“We’re just doing you a favor to grant you a different look since your husband is no longer yours! I suppose you don’t think you get to roam free when your doppelganger is next to your husband, do you?” 
The Jetroinian strangled Sasha and started running her fingers across Sasha’s face without holding back. 
Sasha ended up convulsing vigorously and started yelling, “You must have lost your mind! Stay away from me!”
“I’m afraid I can’t do that, Ms. Wand! At the very least, I’ll get you a magazine and let you decide on your new look! What do you think?” 
In a final attempt to defend herself, the frail woman started biting the arrogant woman in front of her with all her might. 
As a result, Hanako shrieked in pain and let go of her grip. Seconds after she snapped out of bewilderment, she slapped Sasha in return. 
Sasha, who had been dehydrated for such a long time, couldn’t even brace herself through a flick, let alone a slap. 
She fell to her bed and ended up with a mouthful of blood. 
“How dare you bite me? I’ll get the doctor over to get your face skinned today! I’ll turn you into a horrendous woman and ruin your life!” 
Hanako stomped her way out of the chamber seconds after she finished warning Sasha, leaving her alone in the chamber again. 
Sasha closed her eyes when she heard the door being banged tight again. Torrents of tears streamed down her cheeks as she was overwhelmed by waves of emotions. 
Are you being deceived by a doppelganger? Sebastian, can’t you even tell your wife apart from another woman? 
Can’t you even tell the woman next to you isn’t me? How careless can you be? Is it because you have never loved me?
The last straw that broke the camel’s back was the news of her husband having a great time with another woman. It was then she felt as if it was the end of her world.
###Chapter 534
Chapter 534
Yancy arrived in Avenport around midnight. 
Stepping on the land again after so many years, she wanted to redeem herself desperately. 
The day she left Avenport, her name was dragged through the mud. 
Just because she fell in love with a married man, all those people had insulted and cursed at her. Even the Young family disowned her. 
Hence, she wanted to show every one of them her glorious return. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, I have informed Mr. Solomon, he will be here soon.” 
“Right.” 
Yancy grinned, clearly satisfied with the arrangement. 
Half an hour later, Solomon arrived at the hotel. 
“Sol, aren’t you excited at the thought that everything we have yearned for will be in our hands soon?” Yancy threw her arms open, wanting to wrap them around Solomon the moment she saw him. 
However, he avoided her with a look of disgust. 
Yancy was struck speechless at his actions. 
“Who asks you to come here? Aren’t you afraid the people here will know that you’re alive?” 
Solomon took a seat on the couch and poured himself a drink as he fixed his cold gaze at her. 
Yancy’s cheerful mood soured instantly.
“Why should I be afraid? The reason I’m here is to show them I’m still alive and back. Moreover, I want them to know I that will be taking everything away from that man.” 
Solomon didn’t want to say even a word. 
Yancy changed the topic when she observed him silently sitting there, not responding to her comments. 
“Fine. Let’s not talk about this further. Tell me your plan comes the morning. Do you have Sebastian’s assets in your grasp?” 
“He had them transferred under his name, but they will be under my name upon daybreak. As for the press conference, it will be as you have expected. It will be the largest ever held in this city over two decades.” 
Solomon summarized his arrangements and the current situation with a chilly tone. 
Yancy’s heart filled with glee at his report because her entire focus was on the press conference. 
The largest press conference ever! 
Excellent! This is exactly what I want! 
I can clear my name in front of the thousand audiences who gaze upon me. I want everyone to see I have returned gloriously. 
Yancy asked Solomon to head back. 
As Solomon was about to leave the room, he turned around and said, “Were you involved in Sabrina’s death?” 
“What?”
Yancy was baffled at his question. “It wasn’t me. Haven’t I promised you to send her back? Why would I lay my hands on her?” 
She denied it without a second thought. 
Despite her denial, Solomon’s gaze on her was still cold as ice. “But she’s dead now. You have promised me not to touch Frederick, and he’s dead too. Yancy Young, who do you want to kill next?” 
His tone was frightening. 
It sounded like they were hostile strangers instead of mother and son. 
Yancy stared at him. She could feel that he was already at his limit and would sever their ties if she crossed him again. That meant their relationship would turn out for the worst. 
“What are you talking about? I’ve told you it wasn’t me. Why would I lie to you?” 
Yancy was now scared of him. She denied his claim urgently and even gave him a guarantee. 
Solomon halted his interrogation. 
However, his chilling gaze kept her on the alert. “Fine. I will trust you this time. But I’m warning you, don’t let me find out what you have done, else you’re going to regret it.” 
Then, he left. 
Yancy stomped her feet in anger. Her gleeful mood was gone. 
Sabrina had actually died? 
I haven’t asked anyone to touch her though.
Indeed, I do hate Sabrina. Back when I was Frederick’s lover, the six-year-old Sabrina would insult and play pranks on me every time I was at the Hayes Residence. 
She called me a shameless sl*t who seduced a married man. 
She even asked her housemaid to splash water at me then released her dog to bite me. On top of that, she even went as far as to declare she would ask the housemaids to strip me then throw me onto the streets naked if I ever took a step into her house. 
The only feeling I have for that woman is hatred. 
So when Sabrina fell into my hands, I had instructed my subordinates to stuff her into a gurney bag and send it away on a boat. I wanted to sell her off to prostitution. Since she had insulted me for being a shameless sl*t. 
I want her to die while servicing men. 
Who would know a call from Solomon came right after, asking for me to release her. 
Now, who killed her? 
Yancy was furious. She realized a possibility as she pondered and immediately picked up her phone and dialed. 
“Hello?” 
The receiver soon picked up her call. She supposed the receiver had just woken up for the press conference that would be happening soon. 
Yancy kept her anger in check as she asked, “Were you the one who killed Sabrina?”
###Chapter 535
Chapter 535
“Huh?” 
The receiver’s tone changed at Yancy’s straightforward question. “Ho-How did you find out about it?” 
“How did I find out? It was your doing, yet you’re asking me how I found out? Let me tell you what. I have the real Sasha quarantined in Jetroina. Solomon is suspicious now that Sabrina is dead. If he knows about this, you will be the first one I kill.” 
Yancy threatened through gritted teeth. The cruelty in her eyes proved she was dead serious about her threat. 
The woman at the other end started to panic. 
“N-No. Yancy, listen to me. The reason I killed her was that Sebastian had asked Roxanne to treat her so she could tell him the whereabouts of the share transfer agreement.” 
“I have no choice. I’m not the real Sasha. What will I do if she wakes up and exposes the agreement is with me? So… So I…” 
She started to falter at the end and left her sentence hanging. 
But it was clear enough that she had done it because she was at the end of her wits. 
Yancy threw a string of expletives at her explanation. 
In the end, that was all Yancy could do. She couldn’t start anything else at that point in time. 
“Fine. You better make sure everything for today proceeds smoothly. Else, I will kill you and have your family accompany you.” 
Yancy ended the call after the warning.
The woman on the receiving end stood dazedly with her phone to her ear. After a while, the phone slipped out of her weakened hand. 
“Madam, why are you awake so early? Are you sending us off?” 
Sasha was standing mindlessly in the hallway when a person came down from the third floor. 
She jumped in surprise. 
Send them off? 
She asked, “Where are you guys going? Who is going with you?” 
Wendy chuckled. “Madam, me and the three kids. Didn’t Mr. Hayes inform you? He asked for me to take the kids to stay for a few days in their hometown since both of you aren’t free to take them out.” 
Wendy was puzzled that Sasha was clueless about the arrangement. 
Sasha’s face turned dark. She didn’t reply to Wendy instead headed for the study in search of Sebastian. 
He spent the entire night in his study. 
Sasha had reached the study and halted her steps. 
At the door, she could hear Sebastian’s one-sided conversation. 
“Have you found it?” 
A short silence followed. 
“I want you to search everywhere. If anyone dares to stop you, feel free to take action.”
Have I misunderstood something? 
She felt chills running up her spine as she listened to the muffled conversation with her ear stuck to the door. Her entire body shivered. 
Has the weather turned cold? 
She wrapped her arms over herself and turned to glance at the sky which had lightened up slowly. 
A few minutes later, Sebastian came out from his study. 
“Darling, why didn’t you tell me about your arrangement for Wendy to take the kids and Heather to her hometown?” 
Sasha immediately went up to Sebastian and asked. 
Sebastian merely stood there. 
There was a strong smell of tobacco surrounding him. His bloodshot eyes were expressionless, revealing he didn’t sleep much in the study the night before. 
“It’s just a small matter. What’s there to say?” 
He replied nonchalantly with a chilly tone. 
Sasha was dissatisfied with his answer. “How is it a small matter? We’re a married couple. You should’ve discussed every household matter with me.” 
She had completely blended into her role as Sasha. 
Unfortunately, Sebastian didn’t spare another glance at her.
He continued to leave with a bag in hand. “Go and get changed. We’re leaving soon.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
I don’t understand what is he doing? 
She listened to him and went downstairs to change obediently. 
Fine. I’ll let this matter go for now. But I will reinstate my status as the female head of household from him once they are done with today’s schedule. 
Sasha drew up an exquisite makeup. 
She went to her wardrobe, planning to search for a beautiful dress to attend the important event that day. 
She hadn’t expected all of her luxurious-branded outfits to be gone from her wardrobe. There were only some casual plain dresses left. 
What is this? 
Has Wendy taken them out for safekeeping in case the clothes got dusty? 
Sasha was furious. Leaving her with no choice, she randomly picked a dress and changed into it. 
A while later, they left the house together. 
At that moment, the golden rays from the sun shone brightly on the sleepy city.
###Chapter 536
Chapter 536
There had been a restructuring among the shareholders of Hayes Corporation. The new president would also be declared. 
The restructuring within the Hayes Corporation shook the entire business industry. Once the news was spread, the local, state-owned media and even some international news agencies had gathered there. 
The entire press conference was crowded. 
Yancy didn’t enter the venue. 
Instead, she gazed down from the penthouse suite, feeling satisfied with the spectacle below. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, we just received news that Sebastian has departed.” 
“Excellent.” 
Yancy was getting excited. 
She picked up her purse and left the hotel like a queen. 
It was exactly nine in the morning when the representative from Hayes Corporation had finally arrived at the press conference. 
“It really is a restructuring. I don’t recognize a single person.” 
“Exactly. There were so many shareholders in the past. Yet now, there are only two up on the stage. What does this mean? Is a mega-corporation like Hayes Corporation left with only two shareholders?” 
“No way. The total assets of Hayes Corporation had reached up to a couple trillion.”
“Let’s wait for Sebastian. There’s still the uncertainty with Solomon. Not sure what is up with him. So it will be best to wait for Sebastian’s announcement.” 
A few reporters started discussing as the representatives from Hayes Corporation arrived. 
They merely saw two representatives up on the stage. One was Solomon, and the other was a representative from Sinch Enterprise. 
Who would believe it was the restructuring of a mega-corporation with only two people up on the stage. 
And so they habitually put their hope on the yet-to-arrive Sebastian. They still regarded him as the president of Hayes Corporation. 
Yancy had arrived and was waiting in the lounge at the back. 
She sneered furiously at the scene she saw from the security cameras. 
“Sebastian? Good. Just wait then. I’ll show all of you how your long-awaited Mr. Hayes will fall from his grace.” 
Every word she had spitted was layered with deep hatred and a twisted sense of revenge. 
It was the same with Solomon. 
He clenched his fists tightly at the ignorance of the reporters. 
This is the difference between me and him. 
I’m the actual son of Frederick’s. But all these years, I was the one who was ignored and looked down on. 
Even my own father didn’t take me seriously.
Hence, my urgency to organize this press conference. I need it to regain my position. I need to make my identity known to all. 
Solomon continued to wait silently. 
However, he hadn’t expected Sebastian to be late. The press conference had started half an hour ago, but Sebastian was still not there yet. 
“What happened? Why isn’t Sebastian here yet?” 
“Is Sebastian planning on not showing up? Is Solomon making fun of us? He was the one who organized this press conference. I know he was only acknowledged by the Hayes recently.” 
The reporters started to lose their patience at Sebastian’s absence. 
Solomon’s face darkened at their remarks. 
“Hurry up and check what is wrong? Why isn’t he here yet?” he instructed his assistant harshly. 
His assistant broke out in a cold sweat. 
How would I know about it? The information I received was they have departed, but I don’t understand why he is still not here yet. 
The assistant immediately took out his phone and was about to call to inquire about the situation. 
Unexpectedly, before he could do that, a commotion broke out at the venue. 
When he lifted his head to glimpse, he noted a few people had entered. 
“It’s Peter! He’s the original shareholder of Hayes Corporation. They’re here!”
“Right. The original shareholders are here. Does that mean the restructuring won’t have much of a change?” 
Instantly, all the reporters were pointing their cameras at those who entered. 
The mood of those on stage and Yancy soured at their appearance. 
Why are they here? 
At that moment, Peter and others who had arrived started greeting the reporters enthusiastically. 
“Hi, everyone. It has been a while.” 
“Mr. Miller, you’re finally here. I really thought Hayes Corporation would undergo a major change from the restructuring.” 
Peter didn’t reply to the reporter’s comment instantly. He chuckled then led the others up toward the stage. 
“My apologies for our tardiness, Mr. Solomon. I hope you won’t mind.” 
Peter was a sly, old fox. 
He merely cheerily greeted the glare from Solomon and the representative from Sinch Enterprise. 
Solomon could merely endure and keep his anger in check at Peter’s words. 
“No, I don’t. Please take a seat.” He gestured to the seat beside him.
###Chapter 537
Chapter 537
Solomon thought it was not a bad idea after all. He was not the least concerned that Sebastian and the others were coming to the press conference. The reporters could see for themselves how he was about to chase Sebastian out of Hayes Corporation. That would save Solomon the trouble of informing the media about it later on. 
As Solomon expected, not long after Peter and his group arrived, Sebastian showed up. Their arrival sparked a commotion among the reporters. 
“Mr. Hayes is here!” 
“Finally…” 
“We’ve been waiting for ages.” 
All cameras were pointed at them as Sebastian entered and clicks of shutters sounded in the whole room. 
Sebastian took a deep breath and swept his gaze across the crowd confidently. 
He walked right in with his head held high and his back straight. Sebastian took his time to survey the room after he got on the stage as if he was not at all perturbed by the number of cameras pointing toward him. 
The way he responded showed he had no qualms about taking charge of the situation. 
Solomon, who had been watching Sebastian the whole time, expressed his dismay at the sight. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, sorry for the delay.” Sebastian’s voice sounded calm through the microphone. He pulled out a chair and sat down. “Shall we begin?”
He did not choose to sit in the middle because he knew it did not matter. All eyes would be on him regardless of where he sat. 
Solomon’s face turned pale knowing things would not turn out as he expected, but he clenched his jaw and took deep breaths, trying to get a grip on himself. 
He could not afford to blunder at this point in time. 
He turned aside and signaled at his men to bring the contract and the other documents. “Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for coming today. The press conference today is to announce the reshuffling of Hayes Corporation.” 
“As many are aware, we used to have many shareholders, but as many of them have aged over the years and as the need for further company expansion grows, we have consolidated our shares and we are only left with three shareholders now.” 
“What?” 
“Just three shareholders?” 
Everyone was dumbstruck. 
Hayes Corporation was a company worth trillions in capital. They could not believe there would only be three shareholders. In fact, they were wondering if Solomon was pulling their legs. 
Everyone cast their disbelieving gazes on Sebastian. 
“Is this true, Mr. Hayes? Are there only three shareholders left now?” 
“Yes,” Sebastian admitted without holding back. 
Everyone sucked a breath of cold air at his word.
Meanwhile, Yancy had been hawking at the scene from the lounge. When she heard Sebastian’s answer, her heart leaped in joy. 
Finally. It’s time he crawls out of Hayes Corporation like a beggar. I will make sure he falls from the highest point into hell. 
Likewise, a smirk curved on Solomon’s mouth as he sensed victory was close. 
He took out the share transfer agreement and pushed it toward Sebastian. 
After Sebastian inherited Frederick’s shares, there was no way Solomon could have his hands on the inheritance unless he asked Sebastian to transfer them to him out of his own accord. 
If Sebastian were to sign this document, it would mean that he was relinquishing his rights over the thirty-five percent of shares he owned and this decision would be irreversible. 
“Sign your name here, Sebastian.” Solomon even softened his tone when he was talking to Sebastian. That was his way of showing pity on his enemy before he crushed him. 
The room fell into an uproar when everyone saw the share transfer agreement. 
Having the ex-president of the company sign this document meant that he could be offering the shares he owned to his younger brother on free will. What will happen to him then? 
Everyone was stunned. 
They had no idea what to make of what they saw. Everything struck them like a lightning and it seemed like the world they knew was taking a drastic change within just a few seconds. 
Solomon, on the contrary, looked exceptionally pleased.
“Sebastian?” He called again, reminding him to sign the agreement. 
Sebastian shot him a quick look and took the document over. 
“I have a question for you. I’ll sign this immediately if you’re able to answer me.” 
“Fire away.” 
“Did Dad die a natural death?” Sebastian asked nonchalantly in the presence of everyone. 
Solomon was shocked. 
What do you mean? Why are you asking this now? 
“Why? I thought he died of a heart attack? Why did you ask out of a sudden?” Solomon blurted out. 
“Really? I found out that he didn’t die because of that.” 
Sebastian still looked unfazed. He spelled his doubts apathetically when he heard Solomon. 
Everyone held their breaths while waiting for the next statement. 
They knew things were about to get sensational. This was going to be something mind blowing. 
Within just a few seconds, the room iced up and was completely quiet. Everyone waited in anticipation.
###Chapter 538
Chapter 538
Solomon was getting fidgety at Sebastian’s answer that there was something shady about Frederick’s death, but he swallowed his nervousness and feigned anger. 
“What do you mean, Sebastian Hayes? I know you’re trying to divert attention just because you don’t want to sign the document. I’ve clearly told you that it is up to you whether you want to hand over your shares. The company will still belong to both of us if you don’t want to do that. Why do you have to make it sound like we’re fighting over inheritance and that the company is having internal struggles?” 
It was obvious that Solomon was a cunning man. 
Even at this point in time, he made it sound as if Sebastian was trying to sneak his way out of the situation because he was unwilling to surrender his shares. 
Not bad at all. For a moment, Sebastian saluted the old man in his heart for having brought up a nimble-witted son like Solomon. 
Sebastian drummed his fingers on the desk slowly and smiled. “Don’t get it the wrong way. I’m more than willing to transfer my shares over, but you’ll have to tell me if you have anything to do with Dad’s death,” Sebastian reiterated his question. 
He shot him the same question! 
Solomon was at wit’s end. 
Just as he was busy concocting a plan to completely rid himself of this nuisance, the door was thrown opened and a handsome young man came in. 
Behind him was another man in a white coat who was holding something in his hand. 
“Who are they?” some of the reporters asked while looking at the two men.
Everyone was confused. 
A sense of foreboding budded in Solomon and Yancy’s hearts as they watched the two men enter. 
“Sorry to disturb you guys. This is the attending physician of Mr. Hayes Sr. He is also serving at the General Hospital in Jadeborough. He has some important announcement to make.” 
Instead of introducing himself, the young man gestured at the man standing behind him. 
“He’s from the General Hospital in Jadeborough?” 
The surprised crowd shifted their cameras as the doctor came forward, getting ready to make his announcement. 
“Hi, I’m a surgeon at the General Hospital. I was the one who operated on the late Mr. Hayes Sr. when he was sent to the hospital.” 
“Did he die of a heart attack?” a hasty reporter asked. 
“Yes and no. He did die of myocardial infarction or heart attack, but it was drug-induced.” 
Speaking, he opened the portable refrigerator in his hand and took out a pathological sample of the deceased patient. 
What the hell is this? 
Everyone sensed things were taking an unexpected twist and scrambled to shift their camera focus, but just as they were doing so, the sample taken from the pathology test conducted on the patient had turned blue in color. 
It was as if it was soaked in dye.
“What just happened? Is this really the sample?” 
“It is weird, isn’t it?” The doctor was quick to answer this question. He was still agitated after finding out the truth. 
The reporters were horrified that they kept quiet. 
Although they were not doctors, the sample was enough to show that there was more to Frederick’s death. Thus, everyone was horrified. 
A patient’s sample could be a life-saving factor at times so it was usually a fresh specimen. 
In short, many tests could still be run on the sample although the patient had died. 
But why does the surgeon take it out and show us though? 
Is this really some kind of blue dye? 
Everyone was waiting for an explanation from the doctor. 
On the other side, Solomon and Yancy turned pale. 
Yancy who was hiding in the lounge was petrified. 
“We didn’t believe a heart attack patient’s sample will turn out like this at first. It wasn’t until we did some rigorous testing on his bloodstain that we found out that there was a kind of unusual toxin in his blood.” 
“Unusual toxin?”
“Yes. I asked around among my friends serving in the army and found out that it’s one of the latest drugs created by some international crime organizations called Phantasia. It is a highly-addictive drug that paralyzes the users’ nervous system and brain.” 
It took a while for the fact to register. The crowd was overwhelmed with the information. 
Solomon did not expect an interjection like this during the press conference. 
For the first time in his life, he felt doom was encroaching upon him. His whole body stiffened as fear and fury welled up in his heart. 
He was in utter despair. 
Yancy looked equally crushed. The gloating expression on her face was nowhere to be seen. 
She did not anticipate such a move on Sebastian’s side. She did not expect him to find help from the General Hospital. 
In fact, she was more taken aback by how she had been blindsided all this while. 
She had already planted a spy beside him, but she was totally unaware of his plot. How did this happen? 
Yancy was quivering in rage as she did not expect this. Her gaze wandered through the crowd desperately, looking for a familiar figure.
###Chapter 539
Chapter 539
To her horror, Yancy realized she did not even notice the woman she had been looking for through the screen was actually right beside Sebastian. The woman had her head low all this while. 
Why is she not looking down? 
Wait… 
It finally occurred to Yancy that ever since that woman came in with Sebastian, she had not moved. 
The woman simply followed Sebastian quietly like a lifeless robot. Yancy was so preoccupied with Sebastian just now that she completely forgot about the woman. 
“What a b*tch!” Yancy cried out in anger, grabbing the first thing she saw and slamming it against the floor. 
When people from Sinch Enterprise saw that things were going out of hand, they rushed in toward Yancy. 
“We should do something, Mrs. Tsurka. Things are out of our control now. It is time we pull the trump card.” 
“You mean… Sasha Wand?” 
“Yes. She’s still confined in Jade Garden,” the man said, looking at his watch. 
“It’s almost time Ms. Sato acts. Why don’t we take the chance and send him a few photos so we can shut him up.” 
Yancy reached for her phone immediately and made a call to Jetroina. 
Little did Yancy know, the moment she landed in Avenport, Karl had already arrived at Jade Garden.
“How may I help you?” the maid asked the man. 
“Mrs. Tsurka forgot to bring something important. I’m here to pick it up for her.” 
Karl was wearing a pair of sunglasses and he was dressed exactly the same as those guards working under Yamada. He spoke Jetroinian fluently and had his hands folded in front of his chest as he waited impatiently. 
The maid fell for it and opened the gate for him. 
“What does Mrs. Tsurka want? I’ll get it for you.” 
“Her toiletries bag and a set of pajamas. She said it’s all in a bag.” 
The maid hurried upstairs to Yancy’s room to look for it. 
Upon the maid’s departure, Karl searched through the whole house at lightning speed, but to his chagrin, he could not find anything peculiar. 
Dang! What does Mr. Hayes want me to look for? 
Just as he was wracking his brain trying to figure out what Sebastian wanted him to look for, a car pulled up outside. 
He sprang to a corner and hid. 
A Jetroinian woman who had her hair combed immaculately came out of the car, bringing a doctor into the house. 
“Ms. Sato, may I know how old is the woman who is doing a face transplant?” 
“She’s in her twenties. How long will the surgery take, and how long will it take before she recovers?”
The woman sounded testy from her tone. 
“The surgery won’t take long, but if you want to keep her whole face intact, then it will take longer.” 
“Keep her whole face in one piece?” 
“Yes. It will take a longer time if you want me to do that.” 
“What for?” 
“You can use her face for something else. It is way better than artificial skin. It will also look better on the person who receives that face.” 
The Jetroinian woman paused and thought about the woman locked up in the basement. 
She’s really pretty. 
No, she’s very pretty. She has two men head over heels for her. 
All of a sudden, the doctor’s suggestion sounded tempting to Hanako. 
“Keep her whole face then.” 
“Sure. It’ll take longer but I won’t disappoint you. Have you decided on which face she’ll be receiving?” 
“The ugliest one.” 
She answered without any hesitation. 
Karl was appalled having overheard the conversation. 
A face transplant?
That old witch sure is crazy! Who is this person getting a face transplant? The ugliest one too. 
Karl shook his head thinking about the poor girl’s face, but he did not dwell on the matter. 
After all, he had received orders to come here to look for something, not to get involved in something else, so he went out. 
After a few minutes, Hanako and the surgeon arrived at the secret room. 
Creak! 
When Sasha heard the piercing sound of the door opening, she instinctively moved to the corner, shivering in her bed. 
There was nothing else she could do. 
When the light was switched on, she saw Hanako and the doctor behind her. 
“What… What are you doing? Let me go!” Sasha shrieked and shouted, trying to resist the two of them, but her struggle was futile. 
There was no way she could break free. She was just a sheep waiting to be slaughtered, completely at their mercy.
###Chapter 540
Chapter 540
It did not take Hanako much effort to subdue Sasha to the bed. 
Hanako grabbed her face and turned it toward her forcefully. 
“I’m so sorry you’re gonna lose this pretty face of yours. I heard that Heather and Mrs. Tsurka were the most beautiful women in Avenport, but now that I take a closer look at you, it seems like your mom is way prettier.” 
Hanako showed no respect for Yancy in her absence. 
What she said was true though. Heather looked way more dashing than Yancy. 
Sasha knew Hanako was up to no good. Fear and abhorrence seized her and she started tearing up. 
“Don’t you even say my mom’s name, you filthy b*tch!” 
“Ha, well, who cares if I’m filthy. There’s nothing you can do anyway. You’d better do as I say before I lose my patience. Who knows if I will rip your face into pieces?” Hanako whispered in Sasha’s ears. 
Sasha knew she had to do something. She mustered her courage and bit Hanako hard in the hand. 
Hanako did not expect Sasha to still have the strength to retaliate. 
“Ah!” 
An agonizing scream followed as Sasha bit her fingers with all her might. 
“D*mn you!” Hanako raised her hand and slapped Sasha relentlessly. 
Blood splurted out of Sasha’s mouth at the impact. 
“What are you waiting for? Cut off her face! Scrape off her scalp too!”
Sasha gathered her remaining strength and struggled all she could, creating a ruckus in the secret room. 
When the doctor heard Hanako, she scrambled to get ready for the operation. 
Bang! 
Just as she was about to anesthetize Sasha, someone flung the door open. 
The lancet dropped from the doctor’s hand as everyone was taken aback by the loud noise. 
Hanako whipped her head around in indignation. “Who the hell is it? How dare you intrude?” 
She thought it was the housemaid, but it was not. 
A man in a black suit and sunglasses stood at the door. From the looks of it, he did not belong here. 
“Who are you?” 
“Madam!” 
Karl totally disregarded Hanako. His astonished gaze was fixed on Sasha, who was at this point, on the verge of losing her mind. 
His loud shout called her back to reality. 
It had been a long time since someone called her “Madam”. 
“Ka… Karl?” Sasha muttered, trying to catch her breath. 
She sounded so weak that her voice was very soft, but she managed to call out his name. 
Karl was furious at the sight.
He finally understood why Sebastian asked him to rush over to Jade Garden overnight. 
Imbeciles! 
“How dare you!” 
With a thunderous roar, the bodyguard charged forward and cut Hanako’s throat. 
Before she could even react, something cold slit through her throat, and warm liquid gushed out of her neck like a fountain. 
It was a horrendous sight. 
She stood no chance before a specially-trained guard. 
“Please…” 
The frightened doctor wrapped her hands around her neck and started begging for her life, but Karl did not even give her a chance. 
In the next moment, he ran his bloody dagger through her body and she collapsed to the ground in a mellow thud just like Hanako. 
Everything was quiet after that. 
Hanako was still not dead yet. Her eyes opened wide as she breathed weakly, holding on to the last shreds of her life. She stared at Karl in resentment as life seeped away. 
“What? Can’t think of a reason why you are out of the game so early?” 
Karl came over and squatted down in front of her.
Terror spread in Hanako’s eyes. 
Before she could stare any longer, Karl ran the dagger through her body over and over again. 
He did not even spare her face. 
Karl went berserk when he saw Sasha. He could not bring himself to imagine what could have happened if he had arrived a few seconds later.
###Chapter 541
Chapter 541
Karl slashed Hanako’s face repeatedly even after she stopped breathing. He simply could not get over the fact that this woman wanted to cut Sasha’s face. 
“Karl… That’s enough…” 
He did not stop until Sasha called out to him with a shaky voice. 
When he finally stopped, he stood motionless for a while before turning around. 
“I’m sorry I came late, Madam. I didn’t know you’re here. I…” 
Karl felt so guilty he could not even look Sasha in the eyes. 
He could not believe he did not even recognize the woman beside Sebastian was just an impersonator. As someone who had undergone strict training and had Sebastian’s absolute trust, he could not believe he almost failed to protect Sasha. 
If Sebastian had not realized this earlier, Sasha could have died here. Then, he would have to live in guilt for the rest of her life. 
“It’s okay… I know you guys will save me one day…” 
Sasha was still recovering from the shock. 
Her eyes were brimmed with tears. 
Although her vision was still blurry, she could tell that Karl was blaming himself, so she comforted him. 
Before Karl could say anything, he heard footsteps and shouts outside. Someone had found out about his intrusion.
“Madam, we should get going.” 
Sasha nodded lightly. 
Next, Karl untied her, carried her in his arms, and fled the house. 
Within minutes, Sebastian received a text and a few photos from Karl. 
All the voices at the press conference instantly became muted as he squinted at the photos. 
The woman sitting beside Karl looked exactly the same as the woman sitting beside Sebastian, but Sebastian could still tell that the real Sasha was the one he was looking at on the screen. 
He could feel the sense of familiarity even through the screen. 
Madam is safe. We are on the way back to Avenport. I’m sorry I was late. 
Karl apologized and promised to bring her back home safely. 
Sebastian clenched his fists to stop himself from shaking. After he calmed down, he texted back. How is she? She doesn’t look good. What did they do to her? 
Karl’s fingers froze as he looked at his phone and then at the woman beside him who had fallen asleep. 
Gosh, Madam purposely put on makeup just because I wanted to take pictures of her. I can’t believe Mr. Hayes can still see that she’s not well. 
Karl had no choice but to report everything accordingly. 
Mrs. Tsurka locked her up in a secret room to keep her from running away. They injected her with some drugs so she can’t walk.
Karl stopped halfway. He was contemplating if he should describe everything so vividly. 
Provoking Sebastian was the last thing he wanted to do. 
Just as Karl was deep in thoughts, people gathered around the huge LED screen at the waiting hall at the airport. The press conference at Avenport was being broadcast across the world. Everyone was talking about Frederick’s cause of death. 
When Karl saw this, his blood boiled and he decided to tell Sebastian everything. 
A face transplant? 
How dare these bast*rds! 
Crash! 
Infuriated, Sebastian booted the table in front of him and upended it in front of all the reporters. 
Everyone stared at him. 
They thought Sebastian lost it because he just found out that his father died because someone poisoned him. 
The reporters were stunned looking at how Sebastian was quivering in anger. They were so shocked they even forgot to point their cameras at him. 
Even Solomon was not expecting Sebastian to react so dramatically. 
“Did you or did you not do it?” Sebastian enunciated clearly. 
Solomon’s expression became pale as sheet.
Before long, he relaxed his sweaty hands and looked back at Sebastian. “Did I do what? They only found there’s something fishy to his death. Even if someone killed him, what do you want me to admit? Don’t accuse me without any proof.” 
“So you’re not coming clean?” 
“I did nothing wrong. If you can prove that I did it, then I’ll surrender myself to the police, but it’s not me, so there’s nothing I need to confess.” 
At the end of the day, Solomon was still a lawyer. He was made to handle thorny situations like this. 
Even when things had already evolved to this stage, he still insisted that he would not cave unless there was solid proof. 
He knew Sebastian had no proof. 
This was because Frederick already knew they were going to kill him back then, so he did not even fight back. That was why there was no proof left.
###Chapter 542
Chapter 542
Sebastian glared at him. “Great. You can choose not to admit it, but remember that you’re here today because Dad has given you a chance.” 
“What do you mean?” 
Solomon looked at him warily, anticipating the worst. 
Now, all the blood had drained from his face and he really looked like a ghost. 
Sebastian smirked and retracted his gaze. 
“I’m just reminding you that you shouldn’t let your guard down. Dad might have given you a second chance, but it doesn’t mean I will. Allow me to proceed with my second question. Tell me about your company in Jetroina, Sinch Enterprise,” Sebastian said, pointing at the Jetroinian beside Solomon. 
The focus of the conference changed again and now everyone was looking at this man. 
Seeing himself put in a tight spot, the man stuttered. “I… Sinch Enterprise is here to acquire Hayes Corporation’s shares. Everything we do is legal.” 
“Really?” 
“From what I remember, Hayes Corporation is very generous with our dividends. Why did our shareholders transfer their shares to you?” 
The man could not answer. 
“Not to mention, every share transfer to a third party needs to be approved by the major shareholder, who is my dad. You said you acquired those shares by legal means, but how? By forcing my dad to sign the deal?”
Then, he gave a signal and someone brought a projector over. 
Just as everyone was holding their breath waiting for more revelation, they were completely blown away when the unlikeliest man appeared on the screen before their eyes. It was a video of Frederick. 
Mr. Hayes, there are still three contracts you need to sign. You can go back to the nursing home after you sign them. 
There was no sound after that. 
The frail old man who was sitting at the table did not say a word. He took up his pen quietly and signed his name. 
Everyone watched in silence and resignation. 
They could not believe a once-powerful man would one day be reduced to such a poor state, but regardless of how difficult it was for them to believe their eyes, what they saw next was even more heart-wrenching. 
In the next video, Frederick was already at the nursing home. 
He was hitting his immobile legs with his fists because he was going through too much pain. A woman with neatly combed hair approached him. 
“Mr. Hayes, Mrs. Tsurka is still waiting for the 20 percent of shares from Peter. She said you’d better hurry up before it’s too late. She wants it transferred before the press conference.” The woman making the demand had a thick Jetroinian accent. 
Everyone at the press conference started discussing among themselves. 
“So this is how Sinch Enterprise got Hayes Corporation’s shares?”
“Gosh, this is so heartless. How can they ever do that? This is a sheer robbery! How dare they extort the old man like this? I can’t believe Hayes Corporation did nothing to fight back.” 
“No, take a closer look at the date. All this happened when Mr. Sebastian was not at the company.” 
“Wait… You mean Mr. Solomon has condoned this?” 
“This is outrageous!” 
In just a matter of seconds, the reporters connected the dots and knew Solomon was behind that. 
Solomon’s face became even more ghostly pale as more people cast questioning gazes at him. 
To be precise, he already panicked the moment he saw the recording. He badly wanted to end the press conference right there and then, but there was no way Sebastian would let him do it. 
He had his frustration all pent up, waiting to unleash it. Since Solomon looked forward to this press conference so much, Sebastian would make it unforgettable for him. 
“Mr. Miller, it’s time for your show.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
Peter had been waiting for this moment for a long time. He and a few others behind him stood up in front of the reporters. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, I’m Peter Miller. I’m the person the Jetroinian lady mentioned in the video. I own 20 percent of Hayes Corporation and I have yet to transfer my shares, but they hunted me down because I refuse to give my consent,” he said, “I was desperate, so I handed the agreement to Ms. Sabrina, hoping that she will keep it safe, but in the end, they kidnapped her and sent her to Jetroina. They injected her with Phantasia and she’s still unstable till today.”
His words dropped on everyone like a bomb. 
Goodness! This is really spine-chilling! 
The reporters had completely lost respect for Solomon. Everyone just glared at him as they were all infuriated with his despicable acts. 
Camera flashes lit up across the room as everyone took pictures of Solomon and the Jetroinian man beside him. 
“Mr. Solomon, are you really one of the Hayes?” 
“Mr. Solomon, how do you feel when you persecuted your own father? Is Hayes Corporation everything you’re eyeing for? Is the company more important than your father?”
###Chapter 543
Chapter 543
“Mr. Solomon, why did you even return to Hayes Corporation in the first place? Is it to reunite with the family, or just to get the inheritance?” 
More sharp questions were directed at Solomon. 
It did not require any impressive weapons to completely tear him down. 
Just a few words from the reporters were enough to ruin his name. This scene was aired worldwide and everyone who watched this knew what kind of a person Solomon was. 
They even saw the videos exposing his evil deeds. 
There was nothing left for Solomon to say to defend himself. 
As for Yancy, she was in distress back at the lounge. If her assistant had not pulled her back, she would have dashed to the scene. 
Sebastian Hayes! You b*stard! 
Just as things could not get any worse, terrible news came. 
“Wait… I think I’ve seen Mr. Solomon at an international summit before. There were two major companies from Astoria, and one of them was Sinch Enterprise from Jetroina. Mr. Solomon was the representative of that company.” 
“Are you positive?” 
“Yes, it’s him. Now that I think of it, he’s the owner of Sinch Enterprise. I’ve been to the company to do an interview. He’s the person in charge.” 
“I think he is Mr. Tsurka’s adoptive son.
This additional information spiced up the whole press conference. 
Never had the reporters attended such a revealing event. The revelation was like an atomic bomb explosion shocking the whole world. 
Despite how telling everything was, Sebastian was still not satisfied. He had yet to achieve his goal. 
His target was the woman behind Solomon. He knew Solomon was just her puppet. Besides, Sebastian would actually spare Solomon for Frederick’s sake. 
Sebastian was determined on making sure she would be vanquished and reduced to dust. 
She killed Frederick and Sabrina. Most importantly, she wanted to harm Sasha. 
Unquenchable hatred consumed him as he thought of all the atrocious offenses that woman had committed. 
“Solomon’s adoptive mother…” 
Beep! 
Just as Sebastian was speaking, his phone vibrated. 
“Yes?” 
“Sebby, could you come and pick me up? I’m not feeling well… I’m scared…” 
A soft and weak voice came from the other side. Her voice bespelled Sebastian, driving away the hard look on his face. 
“Are you okay? I’ll be there right away.”
His voice became tender and comforting as if he was coaxing a child. 
He completely forgot he was handling a tense situation. All he could think of was Sasha. He would even bring her the brightest star if made a request. 
Beside him, the woman who had had her head low all this while gradually looked up at Sebastian. 
“Are you coming now?” 
“Yes. I’m coming now.” 
“Are you taking the private jet?” 
“Yeah.” 
“Wait, it’s fine. You’re broke. Just buy a ticket and come over. I haven’t been earning much lately, so we have to watch our expenses. We still have kids to feed.” 
She sounded worn out, but she still reminded Sebastian to be thrifty. 
That elicited a smile on Sebastian’s face. 
The woman beside him was dazed looking at him as he walked out of the conference room. 
When he finally went out of her sight, she retracted her gaze in dejection. 
She knew Sebastian would never smile at her like that. 
Even throughout those two days, he did not look at her nor speak to her like that. 
Why?
We have the same face, but why does that woman get his heart? Why can’t it be me? 
Does he not care about my looks at all? 
She could not wrap her head around it. 
She failed to see that there was more to just outlook when it came to love. 
Sasha fell into deep sleep before Sebastian arrived. 
She was utterly exhausted. 
If Karl had not left to retrieve their boarding passes and the child beside her had not cried, she would have slept all the way till they got back to Avenport. 
When Sasha woke up, she saw Sebastian in the live broadcast. 
She could read him like an open book. By looking at his one move, she knew he was about to point out that there was a mastermind behind all these ploys. 
Just like him, Sasha wanted Yancy to receive her due punishment. Yancy coveted Hayes Corporation, but all her hopes would come to nothing. 
Sasha could not wait to see her downfall. Even death was an easy way out for someone like her.
###Chapter 544
Chapter 544
Despite how much she hated Yancy, Sasha did not want Sebastian to be blinded by hatred. 
If she let Sebastian get carried away by his emotions, it would eat him up like a serpent from within. 
It would be very hard for her to save him from the pit by then. 
“Karl, could you send me to the hotel first? I’ll go back after Sebastian arrives. Is that okay?” Sasha kept repeating herself until she fell into slumber again. 
By the time Sebastian arrived at the airport in his private jet, it was already three o’clock in the afternoon. 
Sasha was sleeping soundly on the bed when he reached the hotel. 
“Has the doctor seen her?” 
“Yeah. The doctor said she’s just too weak. She was drugged and she had not been eating because she did not want to give in to that evil witch. Oh, the doctor also said that… um… there are signs of self-harm.” 
Karl’s voice trailed off toward the end because he knew Sebastian would get angry. He was also disturbed because he felt sorry for Sasha. 
Rage settled in Sebastian’s bloodshot eyes. He rushed over to the bed and lifted the blanket to check Sasha’s wrist. 
True enough, there was a scar of a deep wound. It was obvious that Sasha really wanted to end her life. Sebastian lost control and punched his fist against the wall in full force. 
“Mr. Hayes!” Karl exclaimed.
“I want Sinch Enterprise gone within a month. I want them destroyed! Wipe it out completely!” 
He gave the order word by word through gritted teeth. 
Karl’s eyes widened in astonishment. 
Wipe out Sinch Enterprise in one month? 
Is this even possible? Sinch Enterprise was no small company. It was one of the leading businesses in Astoria. It came next after Hayes Corporation. 
Acquiring a company like this would be a rather challenging feat, but Karl quickly agreed. 
He almost forgot that Sebastian himself was no small fry in the business world, so Karl set out to carry out his new order. 
It was not until nine o’clock at night that Sasha woke up. She slowly opened her eyes when she felt a comfortable and familiar presence beside her. 
“Are you awake?” 
When Sebastian realized she was awake, he circled his arms around her and lifted her, then placed her in his embrace. 
What is going on? 
Sasha looked up in confusion. 
She blinked her eyes hard, trying to make sense of what was happening. 
“Sebby… is that you?”
Her cheeks turned red when she realized it was Sebastian. She shifted her gaze and snuggled in his arms. 
What is he doing? 
Can’t he just give me a break. 
She was a little shy as she looked elsewhere. 
Sebastian smiled looking at her. He had finally got her back by his side. 
This was the person he had been waiting for. 
Although they had been married for years and had three children together, Sasha would still be shy whenever he touched her. 
He loved it every time she called him Sebby. 
Sebastian hugged her and planted a kiss on her forehead carefully so he did not hurt her. 
“I’m sorry I failed to protect you.” 
“What are you sorry for? This has nothing to do with you. It’s my fault actually. I shouldn’t have kept those things.” 
Sasha lowered her head as she was feeling guilty. 
What a silly girl! 
It pained him to see her like this. He knew she did everything because of him, but she always shouldered the blame.
Sebastian did not want to talk about it anymore. He almost lost her again and he just wanted to stay by her side now. He just wanted to hold her in his arms and talk to her. 
He would readily trade the whole world to stay this way forever. 
“Oh, how is Sabrina? I haven’t heard anything about her after we got caught. I heard Yancy saying that she left her on the boat.” 
Sasha suddenly remembered Sabrina. 
Sebastian patted her back and assured her. “She’s fine. Who’s this Yancy you’re talking about by the way?” 
“Don’t you know her? She’s Solomon’s mother. Didn’t you see her at the press conference?” 
Sasha looked up in surprise.
###Chapter 545
Chapter 545
He actually doesn’t know Yancy? 
Sasha was astonished as she looked at him. “She’s Solomon’s mom. Didn’t you see her at the press conference?” 
“Are you talking about the stepmother?” 
“No, she’s not the stepmother. She’s his biological mother!” Sasha looked really serious when she explained it. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was dumbfounded after hearing that. 
She’s actually his biological mother? How could that be? Didn’t Solomon’s mother pass away a long time ago? 
That said, it was true that Sebastian did not know about it. He merely felt curious when he heard about Yamada’s wife from Roxanne. 
He was too busy after finding out about Frieda for him to care about anything else. On top of that, he had to deal with the fake Sasha. 
Thus, he had no idea about Yancy. 
“Back then, Yancy asked someone to send Solomon to my house when he was eight and asked my mother to raise him before she faked her death. She always held a grudge after giving birth to him. God knows how she appeared in Jetroina and seduced Yamada. Now, she’s his wife,” Sasha explained after she saw how astonished Sebastian was. 
Nonetheless, Sasha emphasized the seducing part when talking about Yancy being Yamada’s wife to show her detest for Yancy.
Truth be told, Yancy indeed had an awful personality. 
With that, Sebastian finally felt enlightened from the unanswered question he had in his mind all this while. 
“So that’s how it is. I was wondering why Yamada would leave the family business to an adopted son.” 
“Yeah, it was all Yancy’s idea. After all, Yamada simply adores her. He even built a whole garden of peonies in Lostaria just for her. I was thoroughly shocked when I saw it.” 
Right then, Sasha unknowingly exposed her visit to Lostaria. 
And as soon as she finished speaking, Sebastian’s arms immediately tightened around her. 
“Lostaria? Weren’t you held captive in Kenfort? How did you end up at Lostaria? They told me you were released. What happened? Did they lock you back up in Lostaria after that?” 
Within seconds, Sebastian’s gaze grew sharper while exuding a cold and menacing aura. 
Upon that, Sasha panicked. 
Sh*t! Why did I just say that? 
“I…” She looked away and tried to come up with an excuse. “I have no idea. They were the ones who transferred me there.” 
“Say that again!” 
Sebastian’s bloodshot eyes widened when he said those words. The man was even gritting his teeth as though he was ready to devour her.
On the other hand, Sasha was rendered speechless and eventually gave in under the pressure of Sebastian’s murderous gaze. 
“Alright. I-I will tell you the truth. I was actually released back then, but I was curious about the woman behind it all and wanted to see who she is… 
“So, I secretly visited Lostaria on my own.” 
For the entire time, she kept her head buried in Sebastian’s embrace, afraid to even take a peek at the man. 
She was too afraid, and she was right to be. 
When she finished, Sebastian was breathing so heavily that it sounded like he was going to drag Sasha outside to beat her up. 
Sasha flinched and held Sebastian even closer. She was even more afraid to move at that point. 
However, she waited in fear for a long time, but Sebastian did nothing. He merely stared at her for a long while before he let out a long sigh and tightened his embrace even more. 
“Sasha, I really feel like strangling you sometimes, y’know?” 
Despite that, Sasha remained silent. 
“You’re always like this. You make decisions on your own and disregard the people around you. Have you ever thought about what we feel?” Sebastian did his best to calm himself down and started talking to her. 
As a matter of fact, he needed to have a word with her regarding that incident.
I know you did all these for me, but do you know how I would feel when you put yourself in danger? Worried, afraid, or even anxious—none of these could fully express what I felt. 
There was only one way to describe what he felt—it was a tour through hell. 
“Sasha, you need to remember this. Nothing is more important than your own life. Think about it. Would you want to see me risking my life for something?” 
“Of course not.” 
Sasha answered without a moment’s hesitation. 
At that, Sebastian nodded in satisfaction. “So, you should do the same then. Remember to come to me before making any decisions and prioritize your safety above all else.”
###Chapter 546
Chapter 546
“I understand,” Sasha agreed obediently. 
After that, they stayed like that for a little while longer before Sebastian eventually got up to make some food for her. 
After a while, Karl arrived at the hotel at around nine-thirty and gave Sebastian a report about what happened at the press conference. 
“After you left, Peter immediately got the police as well as people from the bureau over. The police took the doctor’s sample away and asked for the personnel involved, including Solomon, to assist in the investigation. The Bureau of Industry and Commerce took the representative of Sinch Enterprise away after seeing the footage of how they threatened their way into getting the share transfer. The shares they own will be voided if evidence shows their involvement in fraudulent activities.” 
Sebastian listened quietly. It was the first time he heard Karl report to him with so much excitement in his eyes. 
Nevertheless, everything went according to his plans, so Sebastian did not show the slightest reaction. 
I merely didn’t want the company back then. You fools think you stand a chance if I actually took action? 
“Got it. You can head back first; I have to stay here for two more days.” 
“Huh?” Karl looked at Sebastian, astonished. “Two days? What’s going to happen to the company? You need to be there to hold the fort, right?” 
“There’s Peter and the rest.”
“Mr. Hayes! You’re vastly overestimating their capabilities. Do you actually think they could manage the company?” Karl was desperate. 
Karl was right; those men were, indeed, all incompetent fools who only ever thought about themselves when the company was facing a crisis. 
Left without a choice, Sebastian agreed to go back the next day. 
Then, he went back to the bedroom to find Sasha, who was already fast asleep. 
After a good night’s sleep, Sasha woke up to a bright morning. 
“Are you awake?” 
Sebastian had already woken up for quite some time and was wearing a beige-colored sweater with a matching inner shirt. He looked exceptionally invigorated, which was a stark contrast to his usual cold demeanor. 
“Yeah, I’m awake. Are we heading back today?” 
“Yeap,” Sebastian replied as he walked over to measure Sasha’s temperature. As expected, Sasha complied meekly. 
After that, Sasha got ready to get out of bed and wash up, but Sebastian stopped her right as she lifted the blanket. 
He then bent down and picked her up from the bed before carrying her to the washroom. 
Sasha was slightly startled. 
Oh my… I’m going to be so spoiled…
Her petite face was bright red when they reached the sink, and it took Sasha quite sometime before she started brushing her teeth. 
“I wish we could stay here for a little longer so you could rest up. But it seems like the company really needs me.” 
“It’s okay,” Sasha nodded and replied with bubbles still in her mouth. 
However, what Sebastian said also reminded her of what she wanted to ask him the night prior. 
“Sebastian. I’m curious. How did you find out about their plans? Yancy even got another ‘me’ just to make you hand over your shares, right?” 
“Huh?” Sebastian raised his head while he was filling up the bathtub with warm water. 
I thought she didn’t care about it, but it seems like she was just hiding it. 
“She did. Straight to my front door.” 
“Then… Were you two together all the time? What did she do to you? A-Anything happened between you two?” 
Sasha immediately felt anxious and asked Sebastian before she even rinsed. 
That said, she quickly realized she should not have asked that question, and her face flushed instantly after. She could not even speak properly. 
“Did you want something to happen?” Sebastian looked at her, clearly amused by how she reacted. 
“I…”
“She’s not you. What could possibly happen between us?” Sebastian was calm as he said that. 
Upon that, Sasha was stunned as she gave him a wide-eyed stare. 
No way! Hanako told me that she looked exactly the same! I actually felt so upset because of it. How did he know it wasn’t me? Is he trying to make me feel better by lying to me? 
Sasha had her doubts as the sparkle in her eyes grew dull. “When did you find out?” 
“From the moment she called me.” 
“Huh? What did she call you?” 
Sebastian went silent. 
There was a flash of detest in his eyes as he remembered what she called him. Thus, he did not want to mention it. 
Nonetheless, he could see that Sasha was hesitant in believing him, but he decided to not tell her anything. Instead, Sebastian suddenly inched closer toward her and asked, “What did you call me?” 
“Me? I… I call you Sebby, right?” 
“Can you say that again?” 
“S-Seb-by?” 
At that moment, time froze as Sasha’s gentle voice stroked the burning flames in Sebastian’s heart that he was desperately trying to dowse.
###Chapter 547
Chapter 547
You idiot. You wouldn’t be getting out of that bed for a long time if I didn’t need to worry about your condition. To think you actually doubted me! Didn’t you know that I, your husband, only react to you alone and that I only recognized your scent? 
Sebastian pressed his lips onto Sasha’s, feeling a little enraged as he pried her lips open. He was forceful yet sensual as the kiss almost made Sasha go out of breath. 
“Are you going to doubt me again?” 
“N-No,” Sasha shook her head and denied. 
She was shuddering so hard that her knees almost gave in. 
With that, Sebastian finally let her off the hook. 
After two hours, their private jet took off and left Jetroina. 
On the other hand, Yancy was going crazy from the loss she suffered at the press conference and the situation regarding her son. On top of that, the police listed her as a suspect. 
“That b*tch! Where is she? Does she think she could just disappear after all the problems she caused?” 
She was referring to none other than the fake Sasha. 
Her assistant immediately waved her hand, gesturing for the woman, who tried to run away at the conference, to be brought over. 
“M-Madam… “ 
Thud!
With a maniacal expression, Yancy kicked the woman right in the gut. 
The woman instantly cried out and fell to the ground because of the pain she felt from the sharp tip of Yancy’s high heels. 
Yancy looked closely at the woman; she was unused to seeing that type of expression. 
“A b*tch will always be a b*tch.” She pulled the woman’s hair up, disregarded her cries, and forced their eyes to meet. “You’ll never beat her, even with a different face!” 
“Please, Mrs. Tsurka. Have mercy. Spare me, just this once!” 
“Spare you? Who’s going to spare me then? Who was the one who told me that she would take care of everything for me as long as I turned her into Sasha Wand? That she would be able to handle that man!” 
Yancy’s eyes were bloodshot at that point as she swung a slap across the woman’s face. 
The moment the slap sounded, blood started trickling out of the woman’s nose. 
However, she dared not struggle. 
She dared not make the slightest of movement as she was in Yancy’s hand. 
“I heard that you stole a lot of things from her; Her clothes, her accessories, and even her drafts. I also heard that you lied to your parents that the Wand family treated you really poorly.” 
“I… I’m sorry.” 
“Do you think saying sorry is enough? I thought you got smarter after dying once, Xenia. Who knew you’re still trying to bite off more than you can chew, and I was actually foolish enough to trust trash like you!” Yancy slapped her again out of extreme frustration.
That’s right. The fake Sasha was none other than Xenia Blackwood, who died in front of Jackson and his wife. 
No one would have thought that she would still be alive. Her death had caused so much pain for Sasha since the Blackwoods condemned Sasha for an entire year. 
She even caused Sasha to experience the hellish breakup with Sebastian. 
It was the first time Sebastian was forced into having split personalities. Sasha had to hide at Moranta’s Wall Street for an entire year because of that. 
But what ended up happening was that Xenia appeared out of nowhere with Sasha’s face and tried to take over everything Sasha had. 
“Xenia Blackwood. Do you know why his men didn’t take you away?” 
Xenia was silent. 
“Well, that’s because he knew you were surely going to fall into my hands and that once you do, things are going to be much worse. Do you understand?” Yancy held Xenia’s swollen face up, and Xenia started struggling after hearing what the former said. 
“No, that can’t be true! He just forgot about me! There’s no way!” Xenia finally started fighting back, her eyes a hint of madness. 
Yancy burst out into a laugh after hearing that. 
“Forgot about you? What a joke! Do you know what he did? He went to Jetroina! He already found the real Sasha Wand. His men already infiltrated my Jade Garden and found her during the press conference!”
“No!” 
Xenia started shrieking once again. 
But in reality, she knew better than anyone else that Yancy was telling the truth. 
She had overheard Sebastian picking up the phone and saw the smile he had when he left the day before. 
She was the only person he would ever be gentle to. So, he knew I was a fake from the start? Did he put up an act just so he could do what he did at the press conference? 
Right then, Xenia recalled how cold Sebastian was the day she left.
###Chapter 548
Chapter 548
On top of that, Sebastian even brought her to Peter’s house and called everyone over. Eventually, Xenia sat down, held her head in her hands, and chuckled maniacally. She realized it was all over. 
Seeing that, Yancy immediately gave her another tight slap. “Don’t you dare show me that smile! I lost everything because of you!” 
The force was so strong that Xenia’s body tilted to one side. She then slowly straightened up after quite some time, licking the blood on the corner of her mouth as she did. 
“You lost everything because of me? Wasn’t it because you gave birth to a worthless son?” 
“What did you just say? I dare you to say that again!” 
“Am I wrong? They’re both Frederick Hayes’ kin, but the legitimate son is outstanding in every aspect, while your son, the mistress’ son, is just like a shady business—always lacking. If not, he wouldn’t have lost so badly yesterday! Hahahaha.” 
Xenia’s laugh at the end hit the nail right on the head, and Yancy’s expression started to distort. 
Yancy pulled at her hair stood straight up. After that, she immediately raised her foot and stepped on Xenia’s face with her sharp and pointy heel. 
“Ah!” 
The room was instantly filled with Xenia’s horrifying cry. 
Even the assistant turned her head at the sight of the bloody violence occurring in front of her. 
Several minutes later, Xenia stopped breathing. 
Death had finally caught up to her after one whole year.
This time, her death was much more gruesome. The flesh on her face resembled a mushed rotten watermelon as they fell to the floor bit by bit as she got carried away. 
“We’ll see who’s the real mistress! Sebastian, you b*stard. I’ll get you one day. I’ll let the whole world know who Frederick’s real heir is!” 
The woman bellowed menacingly in the room. 
Meanwhile, when Sebastian and Sasha got back to the Wand residence, Sabrina was already there. 
She was still alive. 
Sebastian and Roxanne actually planned for Sabrina to fake her death to lure Xenia out. 
Truth be told, Roxanne had fully prepped Sabrina for the poison. 
“You’re back. Is everything okay?” 
Sabrina was the same as her brother. She did not like to show her concerns. So, even though she was happy to see Sasha, her outward appearance was still that of a cold and intimidating woman. 
That said, Sasha already found out from Sebastian how Sabrina was treated after getting caught. 
At that moment, Sasha nodded with tears in her eyes and proceeded to embrace Sabrina, rendering the latter speechless. 
At a loss, Sabrina froze up unconsciously, even though she was a strong woman who feared nothing. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” 
“I’m just celebrating the fact that we both got away safely. I’m sure our lives will only get better from here.” Sasha gave Sabrina a wide-eyed smile after letting go.
“I’m Sabrina Hayes, the lady of the Hayes family! Is my life not good enough?” Sabrina responded with disdain. 
“Um… “ 
Sasha was at a total loss for words. She ended up just grabbing her luggage and headed upstairs, leaving Sabrina behind. 
That day, Sasha and Sabrina were the only ones at home since the kids and Wendy were not at home while Sebastian left for the company. 
It was only until dark that Sabrina suddenly brought up visiting the Hayes residence. 
“My dad’s gone. If I don’t go back now, there would be nothing left to go back to.” 
Sasha was quiet as Sabrina’s statement was saddening to hear. 
She only found out about what happened to Frederick after she got back. She would have never thought that the man that changed her life forever would be gone. 
He’s already gone… so should the grudges. 
“Sure. I’ll talk to your brother about it. See if we could all move there.” 
“Really?” Sabrina’s eyes lit up after hearing that. 
“Yes.” Sasha nodded. “You’re right. Now that your father is gone, Sebastian is the new head of the Hayes family. It’s only natural that he moves into the Hayes Residence.” 
Sasha was very considerate and made up her mind to move there with her husband.
However, this decision would come back to haunt her soon enough as it would only agitate their enemies even more. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, I heard that Sebastian Hayes and the whole family had moved into the Hayes residence today.” 
Snip! 
One of the peonies in the yard was cut in half, dropping to the floor instantly.
###Chapter 549
Chapter 549
After two days, at the Hayes Residence. 
After moving in with the kids, everyone in the house got along swimmingly. No one felt unused to it because they had all gone through the crisis. 
“Sasha, have you had your meal? We have some cake and home-made juice at our place. I can bring them over if you’d like.” 
“Oh, you’re too kind, Cheryl.” 
It was Thanksgiving, so Sasha and Wendy were busy getting ready and had not cooked just yet when Ethan’s wife came over to ask them to try some food that she had made. 
“Don’t say that. We’re family. Even if you’re not hungry, I’m sure the kids are famished at this point. Let me bring them over to let them have it first.” 
Cheryl was quick on her feet and ran to the yard to call the kids over. 
After a few minutes, she brought the kids in, along with Frieda behind her, and left. 
“Madam, the atmosphere in this household right now is simply wonderful,” Wendy gushed. 
Sasha nodded. “Yeah. Maybe their eyes were finally opened after what had happened.” 
She was sincerely grateful as no one knew the house better than Sasha did. The family was in shambles when she first got there. Everyone was going against everyone else in the family. 
All of them had their plots and ploys and were vastly different from how they were in front of others. It was among the worst days Sasha had ever experienced.
“I agree. Now that everyone is on the same boat, things became a lot better. I only wish Mr. Hayes could be here to see it.” 
Wendy started feeling down as she spoke. 
Sasha, on the other hand, did not respond. At that moment, she was feeling the same. 
It was truly regrettable. 
Maybe he is still watching over us in heaven? He’ll be happy to see how harmonious the family is right now. 
It was already late in the afternoon when everything finally finished. 
“I’ll go cook now, Madam.” 
“Alright. I’ll clean up and bring some things over to my place. My brother’s the only one at home right now,” Sasha said as she packed up some stuff. 
Lance was the only one left in the Wand residence after Sasha moved out. She wanted to ask him to move with him, but he refused and told her that he wanted to wait for his father to come back. 
Thus, she had no other choice but leave him be. 
After she packed up, Frieda suddenly came back. “Are you bringing some food over to Sebby?” She asked after seeing the things Sasha had with her. 
“No. These are for my brother, mom. Are you hungry? I can get you some food right now if you are.” 
Nonetheless, Frieda did not reply her. 
Her condition did not seem to be getting any better.
“Brother? You mean, Uncle?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was puzzled for quite some time before realizing that Frieda was using the way the kids addressed Lance. 
“Yeah. Uncle.” 
“I want to go too. I want to see Rufus! Let me come with you!” Frieda actually said Sasha’s father’s name and was eager to join her. 
Sasha was astonished by what she just heard. 
She just got back from Jetroina not long ago, so she did not know much about the woman who appeared out of the blue in front of her. 
The only thing she knew was whatever Sebastian briefly told her previously. She did not know that Frieda knew her father and that they were this close. 
“Mom. Do you… Know my dad?” 
“Of course! Rufus, Shin, and my brother-in-law were always together! They look amazing in their military uniforms.” 
The senile old lady crouched down and raised the lollipop she had as soon as she started talking about that. Her eyes glistened like the stars at night. 
Sasha went quiet after that. 
Does that mean Dad, Shin, and Frederick stayed together in the military? 
Sasha was astounded by the information she just got as she had never heard about it from her father.
When Sasha arrived at the Wand residence, Lance told her that he got a call from the prison, telling him that her father was free to go. 
That’s great news! 
Sasha was really excited, so she immediately called Sebastian. “Sebby, my dad is free to go. Could you come with me to fetch him?” She asked with anticipation in her eyes. 
She was not usually this coquettish. If it were the old her, she would have gone there by herself. 
That said, at that very moment, Sasha just felt the need to bring Sebastian along. It was like he was now part of her, and she could not do anything without him. 
Currently, Sebastian was in a very important meeting. 
But when he got the call, he agreed without hesitation, “Sure. Where are you right now? I’ll head over.”
###Chapter 550
Chapter 550
“I’m at hom— Oh wait. I’m at the Wand residence. Come quickly then. I’ll wait for you.” 
Sasha ended the call happily. 
She was going to see her father after all those years, so how could she not be? 
Moreover, the timing was perfect. Everything had just calmed down; it was like God was doing it on purpose. 
And after half an hour, Sebastian arrived. 
“Why are you wearing so little? Did you not know that it’s going to be cold today?” 
That was the first thing Sebastian said after he got out of the car and saw Sasha; he mentioned nothing about Sasha’s father. 
Hearing that, Sasha looked at herself and realized that she had forgotten to put on her coat because she was too excited. 
That said, before she could retrieve it, Sebastian had already taken off his coat and placed it on her. 
“Alright. Now, get on.” 
“Okay!” 
The lingering warmth Sasha felt from the coat made her feel loved. 
With that, she forwent the notion of retrieving her coat and hopped into the car. 
“Hey, are you guys staying after fetching Uncle Rufus back? If you are, I’ll get some groceries and make some food,” Lance asked after hurrying over.
“It’s fine. We’ll eat out. I’ve made a reservation for the entire family.” Sebastian made the simple yet assertive decision. 
And of course, the entire family meant the Hayes, as well as the Blackwoods. 
What he said warmed Sasha’s heart. 
She was happy to hear that her father would be welcomed by those that were closest to them. 
When they reached the prison, Sasha finally got to see that giant steel door open, and out came a hunched middle-aged man with silver hair in casualwear. 
He was waiting anxiously outside. 
“Dad!” 
Sasha teared up when she saw him. 
As soon as the car stopped, she immediately got out and ran straight toward the man waiting outside. 
Seeing that, Sebastian figured he should stop the engine and got out. 
It was the first time he and his father-in-law officially met since there was no wedding ceremony. Besides, Rufus was already jailed because of his bankruptcy prior to that. 
They could not have met back then, let alone during the five years Sasha went missing. 
Hence, technically, this was the two men’s first meeting. 
Sebastian walked over right then.
But the father and daughter were too caught up. They were talking non-stop in each other’s embrace and took a long time before finally calming down. It was then that Sasha seemed to have remembered something and turned toward Sebastian with her bloodshot eyes. 
“Sebastian… Come.” 
Sebastian kept quiet. 
So, no more Sebby in front of your dad? Just Sebastian now? 
He was a little unhappy about it but still decided to take a step forward. 
“Dad, this is Sebastian. He’s here to bring you home with me.” 
Sasha tried her best to please her father before she introduced Sebastian to him. She knew that her father was actually against their marriage back then. 
However, what came after surprised Sasha. 
“Thank you for everything, Sebastian,” Rufus said with a calm smile after seeing his son-in-law. 
“It’s no problem, sir.” 
Sebastian was caught off guard at Rufus’ response. His mind went blank as he froze there for a while. It was the first time he ever felt at a loss, and Sasha noticed it. 
She actually felt like laughing out loud but quickly went over to help him ease up as she happily took both of them by the arm. 
“Alright now. Let’s quit standing here and head back. Sebastian’s made reservations tonight to celebrate your return, Dad. We need to wash up and head over to the hotel.”
Rufus’ eyes turned watery as he said, “Okay. Thank you.” He knew that Sasha intentionally coined his release as a celebration. 
After that, the lot got in the car and headed back. 
Both the Hayes and the Blackwoods were thrilled to receive such great news after the storm they just went through that night. 
It was especially so for Jackson and his wife. 
They went to visit as soon as they received the news about Rufus’ release. 
Sasha was delighted to see them and eventually decided to leave the space to the three of them as she did not know what else she could do. So she took Sebastian outside with her. 
“Sebby. Thank you for picking him up with me. All thanks to you, the family can reunite as soon as my dad was released. I wouldn’t even dream of all these if it was before,” Sasha suddenly said when she saw their elongated shadows under the street light. 
They were slowly walking toward the parking lot at the moment. 
As soon as she finished her words, Sebastian’s footsteps came to a halt.
###Chapter 551
Chapter 551
“Are you saying that I’m not a qualified son-in-law?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was caught off guard by his statement and immediately looked toward Sebastian. “No! Where did you get that idea, Sebby?” 
Aren’t you supposed to be the smart one? How did you interpret something like that out of what I said? 
“If you don’t mean that, why are you thanking me? Am I not your husband? Isn’t that what I’m supposed to do?” 
“Huh?” 
“But of course, I don’t mind you thanking me if you really want to. Come here!” 
Sebastian suddenly pulled Sasha to him with all his force, startling her. 
Come here? Huh? 
“Give your husband the reward he deserves,” Sebastian said as he pointed at his lips, disregarding the location they were at. 
Sasha was rendered speechless by his actions, and her face flushed from brim to brim. At that moment, she badly wanted to beat the shameless man up. 
But despite that, she eventually tipped her toes and gave Sebastian a quick peck seeing that he was really looking forward to it. 
After that, she immediately turned around and ran away. 
You dummy!
Sebastian quickly chased after her with a wide-eyed smile on his face. 
That night, someone saw Sebastian, the person in charge of the Hayes Corporation, holding a grandiose family banquet at the Palace Hotel. 
Besides the Hayes themselves, a lot of their other friends and family were there. 
And as expected, the news became the headline at all major newspapers. 
That said, Sebastian paid no heed to them. 
However, the woman in Jetroina who was keeping her eyes on him was infuriated by the news. 
“Family banquet? Is that a celebration? Is he celebrating the fact that he got the Hayes Corporation back? Is he celebrating the fact that he can no longer be toppled for his position with the shares he has!” 
The woman bellowed in rage and swiped everything away from the table in front of her. 
Yamada was also there that day, so he came over to take a look after hearing the commotion. 
“What’s wrong this time? Did something happen back in your home country? Or is your son not bailed out yet?” 
The way Yamada asked those questions was totally different compared to how he used to treat her back then. 
Truth be told, the Sinch Enterprise suffered a huge loss after that. Not only were the shares they obtained voided, but the Hayes Corporation was also suing them for fraud. 
If the authority found conclusive evidence, they would have to pay even more money.
So, it was the first time Yamada treated Yancy like that, and she could feel it. 
Upon that, she temporarily suppressed her anger and forced herself to calm down. 
“Sorry, darling. Did I startle you? I-I was just too angry. Look at this b*stard. He’s celebrating! How could I not get angry?” 
Yancy pulled out her trump card once again and started whining to her husband while handing him the newspaper. 
She still had the looks, and she knew how to use it, unlike Heather or Frieda. 
For example, she knew she had the sex appeal. So, she would always wear outfits that amplified that trait, fawning whenever needed. 
These were the sort of women that men could never resist, and Yamada was no exception. 
His expression brightened up as soon as Yancy handed him the newspaper. He proceeded to sit beside her and took a sip of the tea she fed his way before reading the news. 
“Family banquet? That’s a bit unusual of him.” 
That was a reaction that Yancy did not expect Yamada to make, and she was a little agitated by it. 
“How is it not? Do you know him? The news already said it all. It says here that He invited all his friends and family. There are even mentions of the Sinch Enterprise here.” 
She pointed at the part where the Sinch Enterprise was mentioned. 
With that, Yamada went speechless.
“Other than that, you talked about my son. So, yes, he’s still stuck in Avenport because of the police’s damn order. He won’t be going anywhere if they can’t find the cause of death. 
“Won’t my son be done for if they kept at it?” 
Yancy immediately diverted the topic onto her son when she saw that Yamada was wavering. 
Her eyes turned red as she started crying, ruining her makeup in the process. 
Seeing that, Yamada finally gave in and pulled her into his embrace. 
He sat her on his lap and said, “Alright now. Don’t cry. I’ll figure out something for your son. As for Sebastian, it’s best to not butt heads with him right now.” 
It was unexpected of Yamada to back down after butting heads with Sebastian only once. 
It infuriated Yancy as she never imagined Yamada to be such a coward. 
That said, she needed to stay put. 
After all, Yamada was the only person backing her up at the moment. She needed him to take back everything she lost. 
If this coward wouldn’t do anything, I’ll do it myself! Yancy thought before heading into her room.
###Chapter 552
Chapter 552
At Avenport. 
Perhaps it was because things were looking good, but Sasha was especially well-rested and refreshed when she woke up in the morning. 
Naturally, things would’ve been better if she wasn’t sore all over. 
“You’re up,” commented Sebastian, who happened to walk up the stairs and saw that she was awake. He had a kettle of boiled water with him. 
That was the only shortcoming of the Hayes residence. 
They were in the twenty-first century, but the villa itself was built ages ago. Hence, the upper floors did not have any modern facilities. Frederick never liked new technologies, so he insisted on using traditional methods to prepare things. 
That was why the water for the baths and the drinking water had to be boiled in the kitchen before being used. 
Sasha saw him pouring the hot water into the basin of icy water, so she grabbed a thick coat and wrapped it around her. She replied, “Yeah, I’m up. What time is it? Are you going to work today?” 
“Yep. What about you? What’s your plan for the day?” asked Sebastian nonchalantly as he handed her a towel. 
Sasha thought about it. 
She actually wanted to go to her family. She had a meal with her dad on the day before, but there were too many guests there, so the two of them didn’t get to have a hearty chat.
Moreover, her dad never got to hang out with the kids. 
Thinking about that got Sasha to feel a little bad. She asked, “Sebby, can I take the kids to go visit their grandpa? They didn’t really get to spend time with each other yesterday.” 
“Of course you can. Do you want me to get a car ready for you?” 
“No, there’s no need for that. I can drive there on my own. Oh, and how about we have lunch over there too? You can join us. After all, you have to eat too, right?” 
Sasha was like a devious little trickster. She got close to him and had her puppy eyes on as she pushed for more by making another request. 
There was no way Sebastian could refuse her request. 
That being said, he didn’t answer her right away. Instead, he stared at her naughty expression and squeezed the warm water out of the towel before he cleaned her face. He kissed her at the very next second. 
“Mmm…” 
I knew it. I shouldn’t have pushed so much. Everything comes with a price. 
Sasha took the kids to the Wand residence that afternoon. 
When she left the house, Frieda, who had gotten used to playing with her grandkids, asked to follow them along. Sasha didn’t know why, but she recalled what was said on the previous day. 
That discouraged her from bringing Frieda along. 
For some reason, she felt that something bad would happen if her mother-in-law were to meet her dad.
They reached the Wand residence soon after. As expected, Rufus was delighted when he saw his three cute, little grandchildren. 
“Grandpa, I’m Vivi—the cutest, most beautiful, and best baby in the family,” said Vivian. 
She showed no humility and was quick to twirl around in her skirt as she boasted in front of her grandfather. 
Rufus’ heart melted upon seeing that. 
“Yes, you are right. You are the best and cutest baby in the family. Come, let grandpa hug you,” replied Rufus, who opened his arms and picked the chubby little thing up. 
The two other kids, who were following close behind, got jealous upon seeing that. 
Naturally, Mateo’s reaction was more obvious. 
“What about me, Grandpa? I’m your grandchild, too!” 
“Yes, you are my precious too. Grandpa can hug you both together.” 
Fortunately, Ian wasn’t as naughty as his siblings. He was like his father and was calmer and cooler. That was good because if he wasn’t, the three of them would put too much weight on their grandfather’s old bones. 
The four of them hung out for a while before the kids went out to go play among themselves. Sasha walked over after that. 
“How have you been, Dad? Have you gotten used to moving back and being here?”
“Of course I have. This is our family home, so why would I not feel at home here? Your mom isn’t here anymore though, so there’s that,” commented Rufus as he stood there and stared at the familiar surroundings. The glow in his eyes suddenly became dimmer. 
Everything remains the same, but she is no longer around. 
Hearing that got Sasha to feel a sharp pain in her heart. It was as if someone had driven a knife into it. 
She had always blamed herself for what happened to her mom because she was away at school when the incident happened. When she got home, she learned that her dad had been apprehended and her mom had passed on. 
Sasha, on the other hand, ignored everything a year later and got married. 
Recalling that got Sasha to feel even worse. She apologized, “I’m sorry, dad. If I hadn’t been that stubborn back then, I…” 
“You don’t need to apologize to me. I knew about it and agreed to it.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha tilted her head up and stared at the guy in disbelief. She asked, “Y-you knew about it and were okay with it? How is that possible? Back then, you were…” 
Rufus sighed and explained, “Frederick visited me back then. I knew what he had in mind, but I thought that given the circumstances at the time, it was probably safer for you to marry his son. Hence, I agreed to it. I never imagined that you’d end up…” 
The man, who had just been released from prison, couldn’t finish the rest of his sentence. 
All that was left were the tears in his eyes and the discomfort in his throat.
Sasha was shocked. 
She never realized that her dad was aware of everything that happened. 
He even knew that Frederick had an ulterior motive! Yet, he agreed to let that wedding happen. Just how much pain was he burdened with? It got him to the point where he handed his daughter over to Frederick.
###Chapter 553
Chapter 553
Sasha’s tears instantly threatened to fall. 
She managed to push them back in the end, though. 
“It’s fine. He’s actually pretty nice to me… aside from that matter. Also, he was not the reason I ran away with the kids. The culprit was… Sebastian.” 
“That punk?” 
As suspected, the elderly man turned stern at the mere mention of his son-in-law. 
Sasha quickly explained, “Don’t get agitated, Dad. There were a lot of misunderstandings between the two of us at that time. Plus, you knew I am the reason he was locked away for years…” 
Rufus couldn’t reply. 
He paused for a moment before he decided to stop talking about the matter. 
As the father, it was only natural that Rufus knew all about what happened in the past. 
The father-daughter duo stayed there for a little longer. 
It was almost winter, but the sun was up that day. Still, the sky was a little dark, and the icy wind kept howling, so it didn’t need to snow to get everyone to shiver in cold. 
Sasha was about to make some warm tea when Rufus suddenly stood up and asked, “I heard a rumor about how Solomon is back. Is that true? What’s up with the kid? How did he turn out like this? I can’t believe he actually tried to harm you.” 
Rufus asked with a furious expression on.
Sasha instantly paused. 
Oh right! Sasha had forgotten how Solomon was the boy that Yancy had entrusted her mom to raise. Dad definitely knows about him since Mom was the one who raised him. 
Sasha suddenly realized something. She immediately answered, “This is all because of Yancy. Did you know? She never died!” 
“What did you just say? She’s alive?” blurted Rufus, who was very shocked. 
“Yeah, she is alive the entire time. Solomon caused all that trouble because he was working together with his mom. I don’t know when he discovered that his mom was alive, but he got in touch with her soon after he left our home.” 
Rufus couldn’t speak. 
He was so angry that he almost passed out. 
Why do I keep raising heartless as*es? Xenia is heartless, and now Yancy’s boy is behaving the same way. 
“But Dad, now that you mention it. I’d like to ask you something. Yancy said that Sebastian isn’t Frederick’s biological son. Do you know about it?” 
“Huh? How did you learn about this?” blurted Rufus. His expression had taken a sharp turn. 
Hearing that got Sasha’s heart to sink a little. She replied, “Well, Yancy locked me up when I was in Jetroina, and she told me that herself. Also, we found Frieda in the Hayes Residence.” 
Rufus was utterly speechless. He couldn’t form a single sentence anymore. 
Unfortunately, his daughter wasn’t done asking. She fired another troubling question at him.
“Dad, what I really want to know now is this. Who is Sebastian’s biological father? Yancy claimed that Frederick almost killed the guy because he was into Frieda. Is that true?” 
“Bullsh*t! The Jadesons were the ones who refused to accept her,” roared Rufus without thinking because he was too angry to contain his anger. 
Hearing that got Sasha to turn pale instantly. The last shred of hope she held on to had finally broken off. 
Oh no, The Jadesons! So his biological father is a member of the most prominent royalty in Jadeborough. What do we do now? 
“Listen to me, Sasha. That evil b*tch, Yancy, is conning you. She was trying to drive a wedge between Frederick and Sebastian. If Frederick hadn’t protected Sebastian and his mother all those years ago, neither one of them would have survived.” 
Rufus saw his daughter turn so pale in an instant and assumed that she was worried about the relationship between Sebastian and Frederick. Hence, Rufus took the initiative to explain everything. 
Sasha’s lips parted, but it took her a while before she heard herself asking, “W-what is the truth then?” 
“The truth is that Shin fell for Frieda after meeting her. However, his family, the Jadesons, refused to accept Frieda because she was not from a powerful family. They even insulted her for being a young gold-digger, who schemed to seduce him. Shin eventually got tired of it all, so he stole his documents from home and legally married Frieda here.” 
“They actually got married?” blurted Sasha. 
She was surprised and was genuinely impressed by the man who fought for what he wanted.
Rufus nodded and replied, “Yeah. That was why Frieda got pregnant later. The Jadesons eventually found out about that marriage, so they sent Shin away on a mission. They planned on going after Frieda by making her have a miscarriage before killing her off entirely. 
“Frederick and I learned about that, so one of us went to inform Shin about it while the other went to rescue Frieda. Things ended badly because Shin got distracted on the battlefield after learning about that. An enemy sniper shot him, and he died. Frieda, who Frederick had rescued, learned about that and went insane after she gave birth to her son.” 
Rufus finished the story with sorrow in his eyes. 
The ending was similar to what Yancy claimed, but the true story behind it was so different. That b*tch! I can’t believe she actually claimed that Frederick had a thing for Frieda.
###Chapter 554
Chapter 554
Sasha sighed a breath of relief, but she didn’t relax for long. In fact, she became even more anxious. 
The reason behind that was simple. Her father had made the Jadesons sound even scarier. Sasha didn’t know what would happen if the Jadesons learned that Sebastian was the baby they tried to kill. 
They say that royalties tend to be strict about not leaving loose ends. 
A birth story like that wasn’t glorious for Sebastian either, so things would be bad if the Jadesons refused to accept him as their own. 
Sasha felt like she was going insane. 
Just then, her phone rang… 
“Hello?” 
“Sasha Wand, are you happy lately? It must feel so good to get Hayes Corporation back and become a member of the Hayes again, eh? Are you so delighted that you feel like your heart is blooming?” 
A sinister voice came from the other end of the line, and it sounded so scary that Sasha almost tossed her phone aside in fear. 
Yancy! 
It felt like Yancy was a witch who could eavesdrop magically. 
I can’t believe she called at this moment. 
Sasha could feel her entire body trembling and she asked, “H-how did you get this number? What do you want?”
Yancy grinned brightly and answered, “It’s actually ridiculously easy to get your number. Don’t worry, though. I won’t do anything to you. I’m only calling to ask a favor of you.” 
“Excuse me, a favor?” 
“Yep, a favor. You guys are happy and enjoying life, but my poor son is being detained. Your husband refused to let him go and threatened to kill him. Now, what shall we do about that, Sasha?” 
That last sentence and that tone… 
Yancy’s voice stung as much as a scorpion, and it hit Sasha’s ear hard. That got Sasha’s entire body to tremble. 
What is this b*tch saying? Is she blackmailing me? She will reveal that secret if we don’t let her son go. Is that it? 
Sasha clenched her fist so tightly that her knuckles cracked. She replied, “What is there to do? He killed Frederick, so shouldn’t he be punished?” 
Yancy shook her head and replied, “No, this has nothing to do with him. I am the mastermind behind it all. Also, the men I sent to do my dirty work had already been killed. Did Channing know that it was Ken?” 
Sasha couldn’t respond to that. 
“Besides, I don’t want him imprisoned even if he did kill someone, and you’d still have to let my son go so long as I demand it, Sasha Wand.” 
Fury engulfed Sasha.
She honestly wanted to smash her phone because she worried that she wouldn’t be able to control herself. She might just shout aloud, and everyone there, including her dad, would know what had happened. 
Sasha scratched her head for a long while before she managed to calm herself down. 
“Are you insane? How am I supposed to do all that?” 
“I don’t care. Find a way to solve the issue because if you don’t, I will expose the truth about how your husband is a bast*rd. Guess what will happen then.” 
This woman… she is like a venomous snake and keeps poisoning me with those words. 
Sasha closed her eyes. 
She ended the call abruptly. 
No, I won’t do as she asked. They have done so many evil things and should be punished for their evil deeds. Besides, Sebastian is monitoring the issue personally, so I can’t mess with this particular issue. If I do, he will be furious. 
But… If I don’t, that vile woman might just reveal everything as she had threatened. Sebastian will be in deep trouble then. 
Sasha felt hopeless. 
…… 
Sebastian didn’t see his wife when he dropped by that afternoon to have a meal at the Wand residence.
“She received a call and left immediately after. I’m guessing she has some things to deal with at Wand Enterprise,” replied Rufus, who didn’t think much of it. 
Oh yeah, Sasha is still managing the Wand Enterprise and is responsible for it. 
Sebastian never suspected anything. He simply sat down and ate with his father-in-law. 
Sasha finally returned that evening. 
However, she didn’t stay in the Wand residence for long. She picked up the kids and claimed that she needed to go to the Hayes Residence to cook dinner. She left immediately after. 
That night, Sebastian finally saw his wife when he got home. 
“Sebby, would you like some red wine?” 
“Wine?” 
Sebastian sat at the dining table and saw how excited Sasha seemed. She picked up a box from the floor and got a bottle of red wine out of it. 
Sabrina was sitting at the side and saw that. Her eyes bulged like she was staring at the eighth wonder of the world when she said, “You actually drink? Where did you even get the bottle from?” 
Sasha grinned at her while holding the bottle of wine. 
“I got it from your place. You claimed that everything there is exquisite, so I dropped by today and saw this box. I’ve never seen this brand of wine before, so I got it over. Here, try some.” 
Sabrina was speechless.
What the f*ck? When did we become so close that she can just go to my place without permission like that? 
Still, Sasha had already brought it over, so all three of them started sipping wine at the dining table. 
Sebastian was a businessman who had a lot of dinners. Hence, that wine was nothing to him. 
The two ladies, however, got tipsy as they drank. 
“Sabrina, l-let me ask you something. The photo of the guy in your drawer. Who’s that?” 
“My… idol.” 
No one would’ve imagined it, but this domineering spoilt brat of the Hayes family was actually biting her lip like a little girl after she got drunk. 
Sebastian was speechless. 
He cringed as goosebumps crawled all over him.
###Chapter 555
Chapter 555
Sebastian hadn’t even had a chance to comment on anything before his wife flung herself over. 
“Idol? T-tell me w-who he is,” asked Sasha to gossip. Sebastian thought, This stupid woman is actually behaving like an octopus and hugging onto my sister? Gosh. 
Sabrina frowned immediately. 
“No, I won’t tell you.” 
“Come on, tell me. I-I can teach you how to, uhm, how to flirt with him if you do.” 
Sebastian didn’t comment on that. 
Drunk women truly are terrifying. 
He couldn’t bear to keep watching, so he got up and had a grouchy expression on as he pried the two of them apart. 
“Wendy, please take my sister back to her room.” 
“Understood, Mr. Hayes.” 
Wendy couldn’t bear to keep watching as well, so she was quick to go to Sabrina and take the latter away. 
Sasha was still holding onto her bottle. When she saw Sabrina leaving, she panicked and demanded, “Come back, you’re not allowed to leave. You haven’t told me who the guy is, Sabrina… Hey!” 
She hadn’t finished her sentence before the man standing beside her suddenly carried her and walked away.
I will teach you a lesson, you annoying little thing. 
A few minutes later, in the bedroom on the second floor. 
Sasha, who was still muttering as she was being carried in, was tossed onto the bed harshly. 
“Hmph, Sebby, you’re bullying me. How can you throw me like this? I-I am your precious wifey, ya know?” 
She was so drunk that she couldn’t tell left from right anymore, and she was upset, so she staggered up and over. She wrapped her arms around the guy and started touching him. 
Sebastian’s eye twitched. 
I think this is the first time I see her drunk. She has always behaved like a woman with traditional beliefs and was never drunk. Hell, she would blush whenever she does something even a little out of character, but now… she’s even saying things like precious wifey? 
A warm and fuzzy feeling spread out in the guy’s heart. The anger he felt earlier had faded entirely. 
“Okay, precious wifey. Shall I try setting you down again?” asked Sebastian through gritted teeth as he held her wandering hands. 
The drunk lady nodded and replied, “Okay.” 
With her hands locked in, she started rubbing her body against his instead. Her beautiful, blushing face kept smiling right in front of him. 
Her eyes suddenly became the most seductive things ever… 
Sebastian felt like he wouldn’t be a man if he could actually resist that.
His eyes burned with lust before he tackled her. 
“Mmm…” 
The drunk woman’s words ended up being lost in the man’s hot kisses. 
No one knew how long that bed rattled, but the two of them stopped when they were exhausted. Sasha lay in the guy’s arms weakly, like she had been drained, but she was more or less sober by then. 
“You… assh*le. That was mean.” 
Her face was still a little flushed, and she felt so wronged that she kicked Sebastian a little. 
He got what he wanted, so he had no choice but to coo his wife at that moment. 
“Sorry, darling, but the way you looked earlier. I… just can’t resist.” 
Sebastian was surprisingly honest. 
Sasha was so angry that she scoffed and complained, “How different could I have been earlier? All I did was have a little drink. I didn’t even seduce you. How could you not hold yourself back?” 
Sebastian was speechless. 
Did you call that a little drink? That was seductive as hell, okay? 
Sebastian wanted to say what was on his mind, but he didn’t dare to because he worried about being kicked out of bed. 
He stared at his wife’s irritated expression. 
Well, my apologies aren’t working, maybe I’ll just do something for her instead.
He wanted to get up and carry her to the bathroom so she could wash up. 
However, the woman in his arms suddenly pouted and complained, “I already felt bad because of what my dad said to me earlier today. I never thought that I still have to endure your lust after I get home.” 
“What? Your dad scolded you? What did he say?” asked Sebastian, who got nervous immediately. He sat up and decided to get to the bottom of it all. 
Is that why she drank tonight? Did Rufus scold her? Is it all because of what I did all those years ago? 
Sebastian’s heart sank. A bad feeling crept upon him. 
Unfortunately, his wife refused to say anything more. She simply turned around and buried herself under the blanket. 
“It’s fine. You should go take a shower. I’m just going to lie down and rest for a while.” 
Sebastian was speechless. 
There was no way Sebastian would let her just lie there, so he pulled the blanket away and forced her to look at him. 
“Tell me what he said,” demanded Sebastian in a non-negotiable tone. 
Sasha had her head down. It took her a while before she complained grimly, “He wants me to let Solomon go and said that Frederick’s death had nothing to do with Solomon.” 
Sebastian’s irises narrowed. 
Let Solomon go? But why? Why would my father-in-law suddenly be bothered about that j*rk’s well- being?
Sebastian looked a little terrible when he asked, “How does your dad know that Solomon is innocent of that crime?” 
“Uhm, maybe it’s because my mom was the one who raised Solomon? Maybe he feels like he knows Solomon well and believes that the latter won’t commit a crime that heinous?” 
Sasha felt like her heart was beating so fast that it might jump out of her chest. She was quick to mumble and come up with an excuse. 
That got the glow Sebastian’s eyes to turn grimmer.
###Chapter 556
Chapter 556
He didn’t really believe what she said. He knew all along about how Heather was the one who raised Solomon. 
However, he never knew that the j*rk, Solomon, had a past with Sasha. 
Sebastian met Sasha when he was five, and their fates were intertwined ever since. However, Solomon met Sasha around the same time, and that guy got to know Sasha too. 
Hence, Sebastian would have to be insane to like Solomon. 
Thinking about that got him to seem even grouchier. He challenged, “How is your dad so certain? Your mom never had Solomon by her side when she raised him, so how would your dad know what Solomon is really like?” 
Sasha couldn’t answer that. 
Hence, she stopped talking entirely. She broke free of him and buried herself back under the blanket. 
That was probably the best option for her because the more she spoke, the more likely it was that she would make a mistake. 
As suspected, Sebastian changed his stance when he saw her hiding away like that. He put his grouchy expression aside and suppressed his emotions. 
“It’s fine. Don’t be sad. You can talk to your dad tomorrow and tell him that I won’t hurt Solomon.” 
“Really?” 
Sasha immediately popped her head out of the blanket. She stared at him in astonishment.
Sebastian saw that. The anger he had just suppressed came running again, and he complained, “You’re that happy about me letting him go, huh?” 
“N-no, that’s not it. I’m only happy for my dad. The truth is, I think he’s asking us to let Solomon go because of my mom.” 
“Your mom?” 
“Yeah, he was cleaning the house when he suddenly mentioned my mom. He even stayed in the room they shared for a long while. When he finally left the room, he talked to me about Solomon. My guess is that my dad doesn’t want Solomon to die because my mom was the one who raised him. That is why he wants to give Solomon a shot at redemption. He’s doing it in honor of my mom,” lied Sasha with a straight face on as her eyes turned teary. 
She was the only one who knew just how nervous and guilty she felt when she uttered those words. 
I’m sorry, Sebby. Please forgive me for lying like this. I don’t want that woman to destroy your life, and I definitely don’t want you to get hurt. Please forgive me. 
Fortunately, Sebastian never suspected her as he believed every word she said. 
“Okay, I’ll let my people set him free tomorrow. Still, he has to pay for what he did or I won’t be able to answer to my dad.” 
“Okay, I’ll follow your lead, Sebby.” 
Sasha was instantly delighted. 
She crawled back into his embrace and draped her arms around him. It was as if she wanted to melt into him.
That night, they both slept well. 
The next day. 
Sasha was alone when she woke up on the following morning. 
Sebastian had left for the office. 
That reminded Sasha of what had happened on the previous night. She was still thinking about it and waited for updates on the matter after she woke up. 
To her surprise, Sabrina, who was also pretty drunk the night before, suddenly came looking for her. 
“Sasha, what did I tell you last night?” 
“Huh?” asked Sasha in a dumbfounded tone, “I don’t remember. Did you tell me anything?” 
Sasha decided that she would keep everything a secret and take it to her grave. Sabrina is too scary. Who knows what she’ll do if I tell her what secrets she told me last night? 
Sabrina glared over evilly. 
“Are you sure?” 
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure. By the way, are you busy today? If you’re free, do you mind taking your niece and nephews out?” asked Sasha all of a sudden. 
Sabrina glared even more and asked, “You want me to babysit them? What will you do with that free time?” 
Sasha pointed at Frieda, who was playing with the kids and replied, “I’m taking Mom to the hospital for her treatment. Sebastian said that it’s a weekly checkup.”
Sabrina didn’t reply, but she looked extremely annoyed. 
She deliberated for a while, but she never said a word before she approached the kids with a grouchy expression. 
“Oy, I’m taking you kids out today. Where do you want to go?” 
“Yay! Are you taking us out and playing with us? Aunt Sabrina, I want to go to the park and play on the slides.” 
Vivian was excited when she heard that her Aunt Sabrina, who rarely hung out with them, was taking them out. 
Her tiny arms and legs swung as she ran to Sabrina. 
The park? Playing on slides? 
Hearing those words killed every bit of Sabrina’s intention to leave the house. She asked, “Is there absolutely nothing else you kids do?” 
“Of course, there is,” answered Mateo. He raised his tiny hand and suggested, “We can play Kill the Werewolf, Aunt Sabrina.” 
Sabrina was speechless. 
Kill the Werewolf? Are kids nowadays into violent shit like this? 
Despite her thoughts, Sabrina liked that idea. 
Hence, she brought the kids out.
Sasha left for the hospital with Frieda after Sabrina and the kids. She paid attention to Solomon’s news on the way there. 
Fortunately, when she reached the hospital, she saw an article on her phone. 
“The second son of the Hayes family, who was accused of killing his father, was suddenly released. Did someone spend a fortune to bail him out?”
###Chapter 557
Chapter 557
The font size wasn’t big, nor was the title placed in an obvious spot. 
Still, Sasha saw that article right away. 
Bailed out? Perhaps this is Sebastian’s doing. 
Sebastian mentioned that he would still make Solomon pay for what he did. With the bail put in place, Solomon has regained his freedom, but he will be apprehended immediately if the police prove that he is the culprit. 
Moreover, with a label like that attached to Solomon’s name, he will not be able to be as free as he used to be. 
Meh, who cares, though? I’ve already kept my end of the bargain. 
Sasha sighed a breath of relief before she took her mother-in-law to the psychiatric department. 
Frieda had recovered a lot by then. She no longer behaved like she did when she first got out. At the very least, she didn’t fear anyone, scream or jump to hide away. 
“Hi, Mrs. Hayes. Oh, you’re here with your mother-in-law. How is she lately?” 
“She’s pretty good.” 
Sasha entered the room with Frieda and saw the same doctor that had been treating the latter. As Sasha got Frieda onto a seat, she told the doctor how Frieda had been over the past few days. 
Frieda, on the other hand, bulged her eyes and scanned the consultation room like a curious kid. 
It seemed that all mentally ill patients behaved that way.
Their brains no longer processed information like a normal person, and they were especially innocent and simple. That got their eyes to shine with purity. 
Frieda was a kind person, to begin with, so she was especially innocent. 
Those innocent eyes got the doctor to smile as he examined Frieda. He informed, “This is great. I think your mother-in-law will be a sweet person once she recovered.” 
“Yeah,” replied Sasha, who had no doubt about that. 
After the doctor finished examining everything, he decided to hypnotize Frieda once more to help her recover faster. 
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Hayes. We’re just using this method to learn the root of her illness before we treat her. It won’t take long. Ten minutes will do.” 
“Okay,” replied Sasha, who agreed to let the doctor hypnotize Frieda. 
After that, the doctor began treatment while Sasha took the prescription to the pharmacy to get Frieda’s medicine. 
“Nancy.” 
Sasha didn’t anticipate it, but as she was leaving the elevator, a man with a cap and a face mask on suddenly barred her path. 
Sasha instantly turned pale. 
“Solomon? W-what are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be…?” 
“I knew it! You are the one who made him set me free.”
The man standing in front of her had a pair of sunglasses on, and he grinned after hearing what Sasha said in that tone. At that moment, no one knew if he was surprised or was just grinning in self-mockery. 
Sasha’s expression stiffened. 
She instinctively scanned around nervously. 
“What the hell are you talking about? I don’t understand what you mean. I have to go collect the medicine now,” said Sasha before she tried to circle around him to leave. 
When the guy saw her leaving, however, he suddenly reached out and grabbed her arm. He didn’t give her a chance to talk before dragging her to a somewhat secluded corridor. 
“Solomon, what the hell are you doing? Let me go!” complained Sasha. 
She instantly began struggling. 
The guy didn’t let her go, though. Instead, he pushed her harshly to the wall. 
“What the hell do you think I’m doing? I’ve already forced myself to give up on you, so why are you doing all this now? Why give me hope?” 
“No, that’s not it!” screamed Sasha in a terrified voice immediately, “I have no idea what you’re talking about. I am not interested in your matters at all, and I…” 
“My mom told me everything. She said that you are the one she begged for help.” 
All it took was two sentences to get Sasha, who had been denying everything, to freeze like someone had flipped a switch in her brain. 
Every word she was about to utter suddenly got stuck in her throat, and she couldn’t speak.
Yancy… She actually told him about it. Did she do it on purpose? 
“Don’t worry. I won’t cause any trouble. I only dropped by today to tell you that I have nothing to do with Frederick’s death. The truth is that I never ordered the hit,” said the guy before he let her go. 
It seemed he was satisfied after seeing her reaction. 
Sasha trembled vigorously. She couldn’t see or hear anything anymore. A devastating chill ambushed her from her head to her toe. 
It only took a few seconds for her to feel the cold spreading all over her body. 
She never thought that Yancy would be that evil. 
At that moment, Sasha finally understood what Yancy’s true ive was. 
She was killing two birds with one stone! First, she blackmailed me by threatening Sebastian’s well- being, then told her son that I was the one who rescued him. 
The situation would make Solomon think that Sasha felt bad for him. That would reignite the hope within him and he would start pestering Sasha again. 
That woman is truly vile. 
If Solomon continued pestering Sasha, her relationship with Sebastian would be threatened. It was basically equivalent to strapping a time bomb to that relationship. 
Sasha was so angry that she was about to go insane. 
Just then, a sound came over from the other end of the corridor. “Sasha, there you are. What are the two of you doing here? I’ve been looking everywhere for you.”
###Chapter 558
Chapter 558
It was Frieda. She actually came over. 
Sasha instantly turned as pale as sheet. 
She pushed the guy in front of her away and ran over fearfully before claiming, “I-it’s nothing. Is your session done?” 
Frieda blinked. 
She examined the guy in front of her and realized that she had never met him before. 
That got her to ask, “Sasha, who is he? Is he a friend of yours?” 
“Huh? N-no. He’s just a stranger who got lost and was asking for some direction. Come on, let’s go home.” 
Sasha had never panicked like that before. She dragged her mother-in-law along and fled the corridor. Her fingers kept trembling and remained cold even after she was long gone. 
Please, don’t let Sebastian find out about this. 
…… 
Sebastian was especially busy that day. 
He had just regained control of the company, and there were many issues that arose while he was away. Naturally, he had to solve those issues, and that got him busier than usual. 
“Mr. Hayes, this is your schedule for the day. Please take a look.”
Sebastian had just returned to his office after a meeting when Luke showed up with his schedule for the day. 
The former flipped the pages a bit. He was about to cancel a few unimportant tasks when his phone vibrated on his desk. 
It was a text from the doctor in the psychiatric department. “Mr. Hayes, your wife just dropped by with your mom. I examined the latter and everything is fine.” 
Sebastian: ”Thank you.” 
Doctor: ”I discovered something while I was treating your mom via hypnosis. Can I call you to talk about it?” 
Why would the doctor suddenly call to talk about mom’s condition? 
Sebastian checked the watch on his wrist and noted that he had ten minutes to spare before he needed to go to another meeting. Hence, he picked up his phone and called the good doctor. 
“Mr. Hayes, good morning.” 
“Yeah, so tell me. What happened?” asked Sebastian, who got right to the point. 
The psychiatry doctor explained, “Here’s the thing. After I hypnotized your mom, she mentioned someone in her dream and seemed to be under great duress. Mr. Hayes, do you know who the person is?” 
Sebastian frowned and asked, “Who?” 
The doctor replied, “Someone called Shin. She kept calling out for the guy and was crying and begging toward the end. I saw how bad things were getting and worried that she might get in trouble, so I
stopped there.” 
The doctor was a professional and paid attention to Frieda’s condition while hypnotizing her. He caught how agonized her expression was, so he stopped immediately. 
Hearing that got Sebastian to frown. 
He knew all about the guy that the doctor talked about because that was his biological dad. 
Unfortunately, Sebastian didn’t have his last name, so he didn’t know who the guy actually was. Wendy once told Sebastian that Frederick claimed that Sebastian’s dad was just an ordinary guy. That was all Sebastian knew. 
Perhaps Frederick never thought about explaining anything in detail to Wendy, or perhaps the former planned on sharing everything with Sebastian in person. Unfortunately, he didn’t survive long enough for that to happen. 
Sebastian was quiet for a while before he replied, “I know the guy. What’s the issue at hand? Why is she under so much duress and how do we fix it?” 
“The guy is probably the root of her illness. All we have to do is find him and learn what he did to hurt her so much. Perhaps then we can treat her illness, and she can recover,” answered the doctor honestly and frankly. 
Find the guy? 
Sebastian stiffened. 
How the hell am I going to do that? I don’t even know who his is.
Moreover, he never thought about doing that. It was strange. He knew that his biological dad was someone else, but he had zero intention of looking for the guy. 
Maybe my subconscious mind never sees myself as anyone else’s son? 
“I got it. I’ll go deal with it and call you once I set everything up.” 
“Understood. I’ll be waiting for your good news then, Mr. Hayes.” 
The psychologist hung up in satisfaction after hearing that response. 
Sebastian hung up as well, but he still looked distracted and seemed uninspired to find his biological father. 
Luke asked, “Mr. Hayes?” 
No one spoke. 
It was dead silence for a few seconds before Sebastian reluctantly ordered, “Look into the matter from twenty-eight years ago and learn who the second daughter of the Soprano family married.” 
“Huh?” 
Luke was utterly stunned. 
Looking into the matter from twenty-eight years ago? Why? And what’s the point of figuring out who his aunt married all those years ago? Mr. Hayes isn’t planning on helping her locate her family, is he? 
Luke was still unaware of the truth, so he was confused. 
Still, his employer had already issued the order, so he had to do as told.
At four in the afternoon, the exhausted Sabrina brought all three mischievous kids to Hayes Corporation. 
“Sebastian Hayes, these are yours, and I’m giving them back. F*ck, I’m exhausted.” 
Sabrina didn’t hold back. She brought them to the top floor immediately and kicked the door to the president’s office open. After that, she picked up a small figure closest to her and tossed her onto the desk. 
Sebastian, who was busy signing on the documents, was speechless. 
He never got the chance to put the documents away. Mud dripped from the kid and fell right onto those documents.
###Chapter 559
Chapter 559
“Sabrina Hayes!” 
“Hey, don’t yell at me. This is not my fault. Your kids are too much, and I’ve already babysat for the entire morning, so my conscience is clear.” 
Sabrina fled faster than a hopping bunny. 
Bang! A loud noise later, the door was slammed shut, and she was gone. 
Sebastian was so angry that he gritted his teeth. 
“Daddy, I feel terrible. I wanna shower, Daddy,” complained Vivian. 
“Me too, Daddy. Sand is all over my pants, and my ear feels weird. Aunt Sabrina accidentally aimed the water gun at it,” added Matteo. 
Sebastian was speechless. 
Ian… 
Ian was comparatively clean, but traces of sweat were all over him, and his clothes were wrinkled. It wouldn’t be a stretch to say that he was at the dirtiest in his life. 
Sebastian was so angry that he was fuming. 
What the f*ck is going on? How did things suddenly turn out like this? Has Sabrina lost her mind? 
Sebastian had no choice but to put his job aside and carry the tiny mud pack off of his desk. Through his gritted teeth, he growled, “Sabrina Hayes, just you wait.” 
Ah-choo!
Sabrina had just gotten to the ground floor when she sneezed hard. 
No way? Is the superstition true? Is the guy on the top floor cussing at me? 
Sabrina got into her car guiltily. 
She truly was exhausted that day. 
Who would’ve thought that those tiny things are that smart? I worked with actual guns and swords, but in the end, I can’t even deal with those three mini monsters! 
Sabrina was completely crushed. 
Still, she deliberated for a while after she got into the car. She called Sasha before leaving the place and asked the latter to bring some clean clothes over for the kids. 
If I don’t do this, I will really be at Sebastian’s mercy. 
Sasha was flabbergasted when she got the call. She got over it quickly and hurried to bring clean clothes over to the office. 
That woman is so unreliable. 
Sasha rushed as quickly as she could. She had the kids’ clothes with her and managed to reach the room on the top floor just as Sebastian finished showering them. 
“Mommy, come here. I want to tell you something. Aunt Sabrina was so mean today. She actually used me like I am a weapon!” complained Vivian. 
Sasha had just gotten into the room when she heard the complaints from her daughter, who had finished showering and was wrapped up in a towel. Vivian was hopping on the sofa as she complained to Sasha.
She used the kid like a weapon? 
Sasha almost fainted. 
She entered with the clean clothes, but she couldn’t be bothered to help her daughter put on those clothes. Instead, she rushed to the washroom to help her man shower the two boys. 
“I’m so sorry, Sebby. I had to take Mom to the hospital today, so I had no choice but to ask Sabrina to babysit…” 
“It’s fine. That sister of mine is always so annoying. You should go help Vivian put her clothes on so that the kid won’t catch a cold.” 
There was no way Sebastian would be mad at Sasha. 
He pointed at their daughter and gestured for Sasha to help the little girl put on her clothes. After that, he hurried to help his sons shower and wrapped them up in a towel. 
It’s winter, and the weather is so cold today. 
Sasha helped her daughter put on her clothes. 
A few minutes later, her sons showed up in the room as well. Sebastian was holding a kid in each arm when he approached her. He shoved Matteo over. 
“He…” 
Sebastian planned on informing Sasha about how Sabrina got water into his ear. He wanted Sasha to help Matteo with his ear after helping him put his clothes on. 
However, when he got close to Sasha, he detected a different scent.
The smell was extremely mild, but for a germaphobe like Sebastian, it was very obvious. He could tell that it was a man’s cologne. 
Why does she smell like that? This isn’t my cologne. Hell, I don’t even wear cologne. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. His sharp gaze quickly scanned her from head to toe. 
“What’s wrong? What were you going to say?” 
Sasha hadn’t noticed anything off. She was holding her son and was waiting for her husband to finish his sentence. 
She never changed her clothes because she worried that Frieda would blab about seeing Solomon at the hospital. Hence, she ended up cooing her mother-in-law for a long time to convince her to keep it a secret. 
Sasha had just finished cooing Frieda when she got a call from Sabrina which got her to rush over. 
“It’s nothing. I just wanted to ask you to check his ear. He said that Sabrina got water in it, so please help him get it out via a cotton butt.” 
Sebastian ended up looking away. 
He thought that he shouldn’t be that suspicious. She went to the hospital, so she probably bumped into someone there. 
“Okay, got it. Get back to work. I can do the rest.” 
Sebastian never suspected anything, so it was even more impossible for Sasha to detect any changes in him. She got the kids over and gave Sebastian the time and freedom to work.
He nodded and left for his desk soon after. 
Matteo snuggled up to his mom and dissed, “Mommy, I’m gonna share a secret, okay? Aunt Sabrina is such a sore loser. She couldn’t beat us and lost her temper.” 
Vivian heard her brother complaining, so she went over and hugged Sasha with those tiny arms and legs. 
“Exactly! Also, I asked her to buy me ice cream, and she said she’d only do that if I act as her shield. I ended up getting all muddy. Mommy, is Aunt Sabrina an idiot?” 
“Pff!” 
Sasha couldn’t hold it in after hearing that. She started laughing aloud. 
“Don’t say that. Your Aunt Sabrina is very smart. She’s just a little impulsive and aggressive. Be kind to her and let her win sometimes, okay?” 
Sasha’s advice to her kids came from her experience. 
After hanging out with Sabrina, Sasha discovered that the former could be rather immature at times.
###Chapter 560
Chapter 560
Naturally, Ian was aware of that. 
That was why he never said anything. Instead, he stood there like a cool pop star and waited patiently. When his mom finished dressing his baby brother, he walked over. 
“What’s wrong, Little Ian? Why are you so quiet? Did your Aunt Sabrina mess with you today?” 
“You think she is capable of doing so?” scoffed Ian as he lay in his mom’s arms. 
Sasha understood what he was saying right away. 
That makes sense. Ian grew up with the Hayes. Sabrina would not have developed a habit of running away from other kids if she manages to mess with him. 
Sasha didn’t take the kids home after they had finished putting their clothes on. Instead, they waited for Sebastian to clock off. 
It’s almost time to go home, anyway. 
“Mommy, are you going to go help Daddy?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was mopping the floor at the time. She turned around and stared at her eldest son in bewilderment. 
“With his work, I mean. Daddy has been so busy lately, Mommy, and he didn’t even have time to eat. You can go to his office and help him out. That way, we’d be able to head home earlier.” 
Ian was slightly more mature and was assigning tasks to his own mother.
What no one knew was that he actually had an ulterior motive and a tiny secret. He caught his father’s strange expression earlier. No one else saw it, but Sebastian was holding the kid at the time, and Ian was observant, so he noticed it. 
Daddy is a germaphobe just like me, so he must’ve detected the smell on Mommy. 
That was why he did all that. He refused to let any more misunderstandings arise between his parents. 
As suspected, Sasha was tempted, and she was tempted. 
“But… I know nothing about his job. How can I help him?” 
“Dummy Mommy, you are his wife. He will be happy if you’re by his side. You just need to do stuff like get him tea or put his documents away.” 
Matteo chimed in as well. He stared at his mommy like he was annoyed about how slow she was. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Uhm, is that advice legit? 
She was a little shy, but she couldn’t deny that she was tempted to try it out. 
I don’t think I’ve ever tried doing any of that in front of him. 
With that, Sasha decided to follow her sons’ advice. 
Ian caught that, so he quickly got a new outfit from the closet and asked his mom to change into it. His excuse, naturally, was that she dirtied her clothes when she helped them get dressed. 
Sasha’s face blushed red. She never suspected anything when she left for Sebastian’s office.
All three tiny rascals stared until their mommy left. Then, all three of them sighed a breath of relief together. 
“Ian, why did you ask Mommy to go help Daddy? She really knows nothing.” 
“Didn’t you notice that Mommy has a strange scent on her?” 
“Huh?” 
Matteo’s bulged his beautiful eyes and stared at his big brother in astonishment. 
Vivian inched over as well. She tilted her round head and waited for her big brother to further explain. 
Unfortunately, Ian stopped talking entirely after that. 
He was only six, after all, and a six-year-old couldn’t understand complicated relationship issues. 
All he could do was create opportunities to strengthen his parents’ relationship whenever he sensed that something was off. 
…… 
“Hello, Mrs. Hayes.” 
“Mrs. Hayes, what brought you here?” 
“Mrs. Hayes…” 
When Sasha walked over, everyone in the office stood up and greeted her warmly upon seeing her. 
Sasha wasn’t used to that treatment, so she simply greeted, “Hi.” 
She rushed into Sebastian’s office immediately after.
She wasn’t like Xandra nor Roxanne, and she didn’t like making an entrance. If she could, she would make herself invisible, so she could freely go to her man without a care in the world. 
What she didn’t know was that jealousy burned bright after she slipped into the office. 
“Who would’ve thought that she would be the one to come out on top?” 
“Right? We made fun of her when she came to work here. We called her a shameless ex who went to her ex-husband’s workplace to get him to take her back.” 
“Who would’ve thought that she ended up being so powerful? She was already abandoned. Yet, she somehow made it back to the top.” 
Everyone was discussing the matter and was burning with jealousy as they dissed. 
However, as they spoke, a voice popped out and redirected their attention. 
“Are you id*ots? What kind of a place do you think this is? It’s Hayes Corporation! Do you think that, given her skills, she’d be able to squeeze her way in here without some help?” 
Silence. 
It was a surprise to everyone. 
A few seconds was all it took to get everyone to shut up. 
That’s right. We have got to be id*ots for missing something so obvious. If our boss truly abandoned her and didn’t want to see her, she would never be able to stay in Hayes Corporation. Hel*, she couldn’t even stay in the city!
There was only one valid explanation. Sebastian had been in love with her the entire time and never abandoned her. 
F*ck! 
When Sasha slipped into the office, she looked up and saw that the top managers of the company were all in there. Everyone, including the man sitting behind the desk, was staring at her. 
Sasha felt so awkward that she wanted to dig a hole and hide in there. 
“Sorry, I, uh, I’m just here to get the kids’ toy. They’re a little bored,” lied Sasha as she smiled stiffly. 
In her mind, however, she was imagining herself spanking the two little rascals who gave her such terrible suggestions. 
“You boys continue with your meeting. I’ll leave now so I don’t disturb you,” added Sasha. She decided to flee as quickly as she could.
###Chapter 561
Chapter 561
“Wait. Mr. Hayes, I heard that your wife used to work in the finance industry. How about we let her in on this? Maybe she can offer us some insights and suggestions?” 
Sasha was stunned. She didn’t expect anyone to stop her and invite her to join a meeting that seemed rather important. 
Me? Joining them? How can that work? I am not a part of this company, and the projects Hayes Corporation invests in are valued at over ten billion. If I make a mistake, I will cause my husband to lose a fortune. 
Sasha instinctively wanted to reject that offer. 
Unfortunately, the man sitting behind the desk was amused and was smiling at her. He nodded and replied, “That sounds fantastic. Sasha, you can sit there.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
She had no choice but to shoot an angry glare at the guy before she walked over and sat beside the top managers. 
The managers, however, handed her a thick proposal after she sat down. 
“Here’s the gist of it, Mrs. Hayes. The company recently bought a piece of land in an auction. The land is rather vast and we can build houses and apartments on it. Our problem is this if we build everything and its surroundings remain undeveloped, then the prices of real estate will be stagnant, and we won’t be able to attract many buyers.” 
One of the managers gave Sasha the cliff’s note version of what was going on. 
Projects like those were pretty common for a company like Hayes Corporation.
Yet, they asked me to stay here for the meeting. Why? Did they really encounter something they can’t solve? Or are they just curious about how brainy Mrs. Hayes actually is? 
Sasha flipped through the thick documents she had with her. A moment later, she replied calmly, “This is not a good place to build a residential area at all.” 
“Huh?” blurted someone. The top managers instantly looked surprised. 
“Why would you think that, Mrs. Hayes?” 
“That’s simple. The land is located in an old manufacturing district. The government may have made new plans to build more facilities in its surroundings; the previous facilities surrounding that piece of land were chemical factories.” 
“So?” 
“So it’s obvious, isn’t it? Those chemical factories had been operating for years, so the chemical waste had already polluted its surroundings. Who would live in a place like that? What do we do if something bad happens? Can the company afford to compensate everyone?” 
All it took was a few words from Sasha to shut everyone up. 
Most employees working there were aware of all that. 
However, it was impressive that Sasha, who had never worked in the office or learned anything about the project, made that discovery within a few minutes. 
They couldn’t deny that Sasha was truly something else. 
“Well then, what do you think we should do with this piece of land?”
“Let’s do something commercial. We already have a lot of shopping malls in Avenport though, so we should look into importing foreign products to attract clients. Maybe something like duty-free outlet stores?” 
“Huh?” 
Those words truly shook the top managers to their cores. 
She actually suggested setting up duty-free outlet stores? My gosh, that brain of hers is truly something else. 
We have been discussing the matter for so long, but we can’t come up with any solution. I can’t believe that Mrs. Hayes managed to solve this issue so quickly. 
Everyone started looking at Sasha differently. 
“Mr. Hayes, your wife is truly incredible. I can’t believe that we never thought of something like that. Also, who would’ve thought that we have an expert like this right under our noses?” 
“Exactly. Mrs. Hayes, we heard that you used to work in the finance industry. Where are you working now?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was a little troubled, so she shot a look at the man sitting opposite of her. 
She didn’t want to let others know that she used to work at Wall Street. They will probably skin me alive if they figure it out. 
Sebastian raised his brows.
He had been enjoying the show from the side, but he stood up from his chair at that moment and walked over. 
“If everyone’s okay with it, then do as my wife suggested.” 
“What?” blurted Sasha, who was surprised once more. 
Isn’t that a little impulsive? All I did was share my opinion. They’re going to spend billions on that one suggestion? 
“Sebby, that’s…” 
“Yes, we’re definitely okay with it. I think Mrs. Hayes’ suggestion is amazing.” 
“I think so too, but I think we’ll have to get some other large corporations to set up shop on our land. I heard that those corporations have high expectations, so there’s no saying if they would do that,” said another top manager, who pointed out the issue that came with that proposal. 
Sasha has been listening on the side. She didn’t even think about it before she blurted, “Why bother getting them to set up shop on our land? We can just collaborate with them and focus on getting them hooked. That will cause a slight delay before we get our profit, but it’ll still be in our pockets eventually, right?” 
No one spoke. 
It was pin-drop silence. 
The office became so quiet that it felt like someone had pushed the mute button and shut everyone up within a second. 
Even Sebastian couldn’t speak.
Sasha didn’t know what to do about that. 
Shoot, did I say something wrong? Was that too cruel? Yeah, I guess I was borderline conning the large corporations… 
Sasha stood up right away and approached her husband carefully before saying, “Sebby, d-don’t be mad, okay? I was just bullsh*tting.”
###Chapter 562
Chapter 562
Sebastian’s eyes twitched. 
After a while, he lowered his head and nudged Sasha’s head. “What do you mean ‘nonsense’? This is good!” 
“Huh?” 
“What are you guys standing around for? Sasha has already done all the brainstorming for you and you still don’t know what to do?” he said in a disgusted tone, glaring around at the senior executives of the company who were still loitering in the office. 
The senior executives immediately came to their senses. Their presence was no longer welcome. They picked up the plans spread out on the table and walked out of the office with their heads ducked in embarrassment. 
Wow, Mrs. Hayes is really clever! What a smart woman! 
After the senior executives had all left, a quiet peace descended over the office. Sasha was still standing at the head of the table, looking rather embarrassed. 
“Sebby, earlier…” 
“Why don’t you just come and work for the company? We’ve just recently gone through a volatile time and most of our departments are understaffed… I think you’re very suited to do investment planning,” Sebastian blurted out suddenly. 
He reached out a hand to gently tuck a stray strand of hair behind Sasha’s ears. 
Sasha was stunned into silence.
Work here? In this company? What about Wand Enterprise then? That’s my own family’s business. I’ve never considered working here. Wouldn’t that be a bad idea? After all, I’m not just any other person; I’m his wife. 
Sasha fretted to herself. 
That was the difference between Sasha and those other women. Back then, Xandra had always hoped to use her relationship with Sebastian to attain a position in the company. 
Roxanne, too, had always wanted to join the company. 
Sasha was the only woman who was averse to becoming a part of the company. 
“What’s wrong? You don’t want to work for the company? Sasha, this is a family business. You’re my wife; shouldn’t you help lighten my burdens? Do you want to see me get overworked and exhausted?” 
Sebastian saw the reluctance on Sasha’s face and pouted. His handsome face became gloomy and he pulled his hand away from her unhappily. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. Why is he acting like a child? His expression changed so quickly! 
“No, no, that’s not what I meant. Listen to me. It’s not that I don’t want to help you out in the company. I’m just afraid that my presence here would reflect badly on you. After all, I’m not just any other person; I’m your wife.” 
“What’s wrong with you being my wife? Can’t my wife work for me?” 
Huh! 
“Or are you unwilling to work under me? That’s not a problem! I’ll let you have my position in the company. I’m fine with that.”
He’s getting more and more outrageous! Sasha thought secretly to herself. 
In the end, Sasha could not refuse him and she gave in to his request to join the company. 
Little did she know that Sebastian had asked her to join the company because after he had hugged her, he could no longer smell the perfume. 
He was happy as long as he did not smell it. 
A man’s mind was sometimes just that simple. 
Two days after that, Sasha started working at Hayes Corporation. The household affairs were handed over to Wendy and Sabrina. 
What is the meaning of this? Am I, daughter of the Hayes family, not good enough for Hayes Corporation? Did he forget that I used to be in charge of Hayes Corporation? Sabrina thought angrily to herself when she heard about the turn of events. 
At that moment, her nephews and niece ran up to her and said comfortingly, “Aunt Sabrina, don’t be upset! Daddy asked you to stay home and look after us because he said this is the most important task!” 
“Are you joking with me? Are the three of you rascals really the most important thing?” 
“Of course not! The most important thing is Uncle Devin! Aunt Sabrina, let me tell you something. Today, I overheard Daddy talking as he was leaving for work. I heard him say that Uncle Devin will be coming over and he needs someone to receive him.” 
My God! Sabrina’s eyes lit up when she heard the boy’s words. 
Is Devin really coming over?
He really is the most important thing! Well, it seems my baby brother is treating me quite well. Who else would be home to receive him but me? 
After that, she happily took her nephews and niece out to play. 
Two hours later, the hospital called Sebastian. 
“Mr. Hayes, would you be able to bring your mother in for an appointment today? I want check the effects of her last treatment.” 
“Today?” Sebastian frowned. Ever since Sasha started working in the company, it’s really difficult to handle any family affair that requires an adult to carry out! 
Sebastian decided to take his mother to the hospital himself. 
Frieda was happy to see Sebastian home again so soon. “Sebby! Here, have some candy.” 
Giving him candy was the only way she knew how to express her feelings. 
Sebastian stretched out his slender fingers and gently plucked the candy from her palm. “Mom, we are going to the hospital together today.” 
“Okay, that sounds great! I’m going to the hospital with my Sebby!” 
Frieda’s face lit up with joy. She happily danced into her room and returned with a little basket hanging on her arm. Then, she looked at Sebastian expectantly. 
The little basket had once belonged to Vivian. 
The two of them played a game of hide-and-seek. Vivian lost and she gave the basket to Frieda as a prize.
Sebastian looked at his mother. He was not quite sure what to feel. 
He glanced at the basket. Then, he turned and merely said, “Let’s go.” 
Frieda paused. 
She seemed to be thinking hard about something. Then, she suddenly turned back into the house. 
Sebastian was flabbergasted by her sudden action. 
After waiting for a long while, Frieda reemerged again holding two pieces of cake wrapped in brown paper. 
“Why are you bringing these with you? Are you afraid you’ll get hungry on the way there?” 
“No, I’m bringing it for Sasha’s friend,” Frieda said casually. There was no clarity to be seen in her eyes.
###Chapter 563
Chapter 563
Sasha’s friend? 
Sebastian did not mind her bringing the cakes along whatever her reasons were. He just casually asked, “Which friend is that? Have you met this friend before?” 
“Yes, of course!” Frieda nodded vigorously. “We met at the hospital, but Sasha said we can’t tell Sebby. So, be quiet about it, okay? You can’t tell Sebby about it either.” 
She turned to Sebastian and solemnly put her finger to her lips. 
Sebastian was speechless. 
Doubt flashed across his eyes. 
His mother suffered from a mental illness and her mind was often cloudy and unclear. 
However, her mental illness has also caused her to be more child-like and straightforward in her words and actions. 
Sebastian didn’t let the matter drop. 
He had intended to take his mother straight to the psychiatric department once they reached the hospital. However, Frieda had other ideas. She quickly took off with the little basket in her arms as soon as they stepped into the hospital. 
“Where are you going? Don’t run off!” 
Frieda ignored his cries and hurried down to the corridor where she had seen Sasha last. 
When she reached her destination, she did not find the person who had been with Sasha the other day.
“Huh? Where is he? Where did he go?” Frieda looked around the empty corridor helplessly. Her already cloudy mind became even more of a mess. 
Sebastian had chased her down and he could not help but feel a little annoyed as he asked, “What are you doing? Who are you looking for?” 
Frieda blinked her eyes and looked at him, full of innocence. “Sasha’s friend! He was here the other day! He didn’t have anything to eat. So. he held onto her and wouldn’t let her go!” 
Frieda pointed down the corridor. 
He held onto her? 
Sebastian finally paid her words some attention. His face turned dark in an instant. 
After that, they walked to the psychiatric department on the third floor of the hospital. 
When Frieda’s doctor saw that it was Sebastian himself who had brought his mother for her appointment, he was surprised. “Mr. Hayes! I’m surprised to see you here. Where’s your wife?” 
“She’s busy!” Sebastian replied in a rather rude tone. His thoughts were still preoccupied with Frieda’s words earlier. 
When the doctor heard his tone, he did not dare to ask any further and immediately started attending to Frieda. 
After he was done running tests on Frieda, the two of them walked out of the examination room to find Sebastian waiting outside. His expression was even grimmer than before. Seeing this, the doctor started feeling even more flustered and nervous.
“Mr. Hayes, so… the hypnosis treatment that we had carried out on your mother previously seems to be working well. May I also enquire regarding the matter that I had spoken to you about before? How is that going on?” 
“We couldn’t find him!” Sebastian uttered in a rather huffy tone. 
He had not dealt with that matter yet. 
I don’t know what’s going on either! He had asked Luke to look into it, but he could find no information about his biological father in this city. 
Although the Soprano family was not a prominent family, it was impossible that the second daughter of the Sopranos could get married and give birth to a son without leaving any trace. 
Everything he knew was whatever tidbit of information that Frederick had told Wendy. 
His biological father was not from this city. He had married Frieda after he settled down here. Unfortunately, he was met with a car accident and passed away, leaving behind his wife and a son. In the end, Sebastian was adopted by Frederick. 
What a mess! The thought of the lack of information irritated Sebastian. 
“Where is the security department of this hospital?” 
“Huh?” The doctor was shocked by Sebastian’s sudden question. “S-security department? Mr. Hayes, why are you asking about the security department?” 
“It’s none of your business! Just get me someone from the security department quick!” Sebastian retorted loudly. He was already at his limit. Frieda, who was standing next to him, jumped in fright and clutched her basket closer to her.
Sebby is angry! What should I do? Did I do something wrong? 
Frieda fretted to herself. 
Officers from the security department and even the medical director hurried over nervously as soon as they had heard that Sebastian wanted to see them. 
However, what frightened them, even more, was the fact that Sebastian paid them no heed at all, and instead, he had immediately pulled the head of the security department into the consultation room. 
Boom! 
The door slammed shut behind them. 
Everyone left outside exchanged worried looks. 
It was not until a while later when they saw officers from the security department going into the consultation room with a large stack of the CCTV records that they began to understand what was going on. 
Over at the company’s offices, Sasha was having a rather busy day. 
She had been put in charge of the company’s planning and operations department. There were so many things for her to look into and then, to plan and organize. It was impossible for her to not be busy. 
“Ms. Wand, we’ve just received this hotel auction invitation. Should the company participate?” 
“Hotel auction?” 
Sasha, who had just finished sorting out the business plan of the company for the next three months, glanced at the proposal that her subordinate had laid down in front and felt her headache return.
Does the company really have so much money? Do we need to take part in everything? I should have a department meeting about this first. 
“Listen, why don’t we have a quick department meeting in ten minutes? Go and inform everyone.” 
“Sure, Ms. Wand,” the employee answered as he picked up his proposal brief and went off to notify his colleagues.
###Chapter 564
Chapter 564
Ten minutes later, the entire investment planning department was gathered in a small meeting room. 
“What do you guys think she’s trying to do here? All the proposals that I have sent to her in the past two days have all been shot down!” 
“Yeah! Mine too! Does she even know anything about investment? If she won’t approve any investment projects, then how is the company going to make any profits?” 
“Shh! Keep your voice down! Don’t forget she’s the boss’ wife!” 
In that one little remark, the employee had summed up the entire reason for Sasha’s presence in the company. 
Nobody would believe that Sasha, the president’s wife, had landed in such an important role on her own merits. Even Sasha herself would not have believed it. 
Sasha entered the meeting room and saw the doubtful expression on her subordinates’ faces. Geez, I am sure they have lots of fun bit*hing about me. 
However, she didn’t seem to be affected at all. 
“Everybody, I’m sorry to interrupt your work. I’m holding this short meeting today just to make one announcement. Going forward, please do not propose any more investment projects that will bring in less than one billion in profit to Hayes Corporation. I will not be accepting those,” Sasha said simply as she stared unapologetically into the eyes of everyone in the room. This was the first rule that she had laid down after taking office. 
Then, as if to emphasize her point, she unceremoniously tossed a stack of proposals that she had sorted out earlier into the wastepaper basket.
After she was done speaking, the meeting room burst into an uproar. 
“At least one billion? Ms. Wand, you must be joking! Do you know how much money that is?” 
“Yeah, Ms. Wand, d-don’t you think you’ve set the bar too high? If that’s your criteria, then we wouldn’t dare to invest anymore! Who would dare to cooperate with us after if this is your requirement?” 
“That’s true. Ms. Wand, do you want to discuss this with the previous head of department first?” 
Everyone in the department could not help voicing out their dissatisfaction. 
They complained that Sasha’s goal was too high and implied that she did not know what she was doing. Their faces were full of contempt and disdain towards her. 
They even dared to suggest that she consult the previous head of department. 
Sasha stared at them coldly. 
She waited until they were done speaking and the meeting room was silent again before saying, “Hayes Corporation has a total net asset of 800 billion after deducting all operating costs. The company must make at least 50 billion each year for it to be considered profitable. How can your investments with profits of a few million each make any kind of meaningful contribution to the company? Are the lot of you just playing around?” 
The meeting room was deathly quiet after Sasha had spoken. Everyone was too embarrassed to say anything further. 
Sasha smiled wryly and continued, “If you, as an employee of a company with 800 billion in assets, are unable to secure investment proposal, then I don’t think you deserve to be here. You are not up to the company’s standards. Please shape up or move to those companies that have lower expectations, okay?”
Sasha’s tone was sharp and strict, leaving no space for any more arguments. 
She was skilled at managing people. 
Back when she was working in Andy’s company at Wall Street, she was in charge of a team with dozens of people under her. Her team was all highly capable people. They only talked about investments in the billions. 
And these useless bunch of people? They should be honored to be working under me! 
Sasha stared around at her team’s pale, fearful faces. Then, she flicked away the pen that she had been holding, stood up and returned to her office without saying another word. 
For the rest of the morning, no one dared to disturb her peace with any more trivial projects. 
At twelve o’clock, Sasha shut down her computer. 
“Ms. Wand, are you going upstairs to cook lunch for the president now?” 
“Yes.” 
Sasha was a little embarrassed to speak about her private life. She cast a quick glance at her assistant and hurried off. 
For the past two days, Sasha had indeed been cooking at the penthouse suite on the top floor of the building. 
It was too far for her to travel back to the Hayes residence from the company. 
Further, Sebastian also rarely left work on time or had meetings and entertain clients. It was just more convenient for the two of them.
So, Sasha had simply stocked the penthouse suite with groceries. The penthouse was equipped with a full set of kitchen equipment and items anyway. 
Sasha stepped into the elevator. 
“Mrs. Hayes, are you done with work?” 
“Yes, where’s the president? Is he back?” Sasha glanced around. 
“He was back earlier but he left again. He should be meeting a client,” the receptionist answered after glancing over at the meeting room. 
Since Sebastian was busy, there was no need for Sasha to wait for him. 
She went up to the top floor and began to cook. 
She was done within half an hour, but Sebastian had not come up to the penthouse yet. She did not bother to go and get him. Instead, she started to clean up the suite so that he would feel more comfortable later when he came up. 
However, even after she was done cleaning, Sebastian still had not appeared. 
What’s happening down there? He’s still not done? 
Sasha finally got impatient and decided to go down to check up on him. 
“Josephine, where’s the president? He’s still in his meeting?” 
“Huh?” The receptionist was surprised. “He’s already done! He didn’t go upstairs for lunch?” 
Sasha immediately pulled out her phone and dialed his number.
He answered very quickly. “Hello?” 
“Sebby, where are you? I’ve already prepared lunch. Are you not eating?” Sasha whined into the phone. 
She was getting a little hungry waiting for him.
###Chapter 565
Chapter 565
She was baffled by the hint of aloofness in his tone. 
“Go ahead and eat first. I still have some matters to deal with.” 
With that, he promptly hung up and left Sasha perplexed. 
What the heck? Did this bast*rd just hang up on me? It’s fine that he didn’t bother to inform me about his dinner plans. But hanging up on me? Pfft. 
Sasha’s frustration was building up. 
Nonetheless, she was not a child. After her initial annoyance wore off, she quietly headed back to the penthouse suite and ate alone. 
He’s the President. I’m sure he’s got lots on his plate. Eating would be the last thing on his mind. 
Sasha proceeded to tidy up the kitchen before resting for a while. Then, she headed back to the operational department for work. 
“Did you guys see that? This afternoon, Mr. Hayes brought clients out for lunch but he didn’t even bring her along.” 
“Yeah, I saw.” 
“What’s going on? Isn’t she his wife? Why didn’t she tag along for lunch?” 
“So what if she’s his wife? I heard that she went upstairs to prepare lunch for him, only to realize that he has already gone out with clients.” 
Upon her arrival, Sasha could already hear the hushed whispers of people gossiping about her.
Those were obviously people who reveled in gloating over others’ misfortunes, especially since they were aware that she had made lunch for him. 
She entered the office betraying no emotion. 
That was precisely the reason why she hated working there. Despite the fact that she was the president’s wife, many people still felt disgruntled towards her. 
She knew that they felt she was too ordinary. On the other hand, he was an exceptionally talented individual. They obviously think she was not good enough for him. 
To avoid those demoralizing thoughts, Sasha began to bury herself in work. 
At the Imperial Villa, Sebastian was clad in sportswear and furiously swinging the golf club. 
White golf balls flew one after another because of his unrestrained strokes. 
Jake observed him from the side and commented, “Did he get up from the wrong side of the bed today? At this rate, the balls are going to be smashed to pieces. 
A speechless Shawn watched on with a stupefied expression plastered on his face. 
Devin stood there with his eyebrows furrowed. After a while, he picked up his golf club and walked over. 
“What’s wrong? I can sense fury emitting from within you. Who pissed you off?” 
No one answered. 
The only sound that ensued was a deafening thud that came from yet another forceful hit. 
That is some temper…
Devin took his place beside the golf balls and positioned himself with the golf club in hand. “I heard you’re investigating your birth father. How’s it going? Still no news? Do you need my help?” 
“Save it.” 
His instantaneous reply came as a surprise. 
However, it was evident that Sebastian was still outraged. 
Devin smiled wryly. 
A few moments later, he finished his load of golf balls. He then strolled to grab a bottle of water and appeared next to Sebastian. 
“Why don’t you let me help you out? I’ll be returning to the base soon.” 
“That soon?” 
His words finally prompted Sebastian’s frenzy to come to a halt. 
Devin nodded and explained, “I only returned this time around because of my grandpa’s condition, not because it’s our time off. Once I’m all done here, I’ve got to get back to the base.” 
“Oh yes, that reminds me. I’ve been so preoccupied with other matters that I forgot to inquire about him. How’s he now? Feeling better?” 
When his friend’s grandfather finally came to mind, Sebastian sheepishly probed. 
Chuckling, Devin replied, “It’s nothing major, actually. Just his chronic illness making its yearly round. He usually feels the loss of my uncle even more around this time of the year and falls sick. Although, I’m not too sure why that happens.”
While Devin mostly looked helpless at the situation, his eyes betrayed traces of exasperation. 
That news came as a shock to Sebastian. 
Regarding the Jadesons, he had heard a rumor or two. He had also caught wind of the deceased uncle his friend was talking about. 
However, he recalled that Devin once mentioned that his uncle was considered taboo in the family. 
If that was the case, why does old Mr. Jadeson still fall ill because of him? On top of that, it’s an annual occurrence? 
Sebastian’s interest was piqued. 
“What happened to your uncle? I thought you told us your grandpa wasn’t very fond of him.” 
“Yeah. That unfilial jack*ss.” 
Devin crudely remarked. 
Sebastian fell silent with a grim expression on his face. 
To describe one’s own child using such coarse language rendered Sebastian speechless. 
“What do you mean by that? So anyone who refuses to be dictated by your family is considered an unfilial jack*ss? Well, I think your uncle wasn’t at fault in the slightest bit. If it were me, I’d be willing to destroy a crown just to live my own life. What’s more a medal?” 
Right at that moment, Jake and Shawn joined the pair. 
When they heard the conversation topic, Jake instantly chimed in.
His abrupt interruption left Devin at a loss for words. 
Before he could say anything, Shawn hurriedly kneed Jake’s shin. 
“Hey! What was that for? Are you courting death?” 
“You know nobody would take you for a mute even if you stay silent, right?” 
Shawn reprimanded him while giving him a menacing glare. 
What a rare sight to see calm and collected Shawn lash out at others.
###Chapter 566
Chapter 566
Sebastian was riveted by the commotion. 
Medal? 
He had never seen something like that. 
Nevertheless, he knew that a token like that was significant to a family with a military background. 
Medals like that were allegedly only presented to those who managed to accomplish magnificent feats. In addition, the possession of such medals would elevate the family’s standing. 
They might as well be considered as distinguished members of royalty. 
Alas, the Jadesons’ second son may have ruined it all for them. 
Sebastian also could not fathom Devin’s uncle’s choices. “But why did he do that? A medal is symbolic of your family’s esteemed prestige. Were he and your grandfather at odds?” 
Instead of outrightly berating his uncle, Sebastian chose to pose his questions from a neutral standpoint. 
Maybe it was because of his own upbringing. 
After all, he himself had gone against Frederick’s wishes many a time in his youth. 
Devin nodded in response to his question. “I think he wasn’t fond of having his life set out for him. As the family’s heir, from a military background at that, there were many matters that were forced upon him. For instance, his marriage and his job.” 
“If that was the case, that I think his rebellion wasn’t unorthodox. Although, I have to agree that he shouldn’t have destroyed your family’s medal.”
“Yeah. That’s precisely why my grandpa was fuming mad. According to what I heard, the state was so displeased that they issued my grandpa a harsh warning and recorded the incident as a major offense. My grandpa was so incensed that he didn’t even bother to take a look at him when my uncle passed on.” 
As Devin lamented the Jadesons’ tragic past, the atmosphere was somber. 
In actual fact, Shin’s name was still forbidden in the Jadesons’ household. 
They had high hopes for Shin, yet he forsook the Jadesons for a woman and resulted in the humiliation of their family name in Jadeborough. They absolutely detested him. 
He was supposed to be the elite of their family, but that woman ruined it all for him. 
It was impossible for them to ever forgive him or accept him as a Jadeson once more. 
At his friend’s reply, Sebastian heaved a heavy sigh. 
“Then, I doubt your grandfather’s illness is a result of his longing for your uncle. It’s more likely an eruption of his pent-up anger all these years.” 
“I think so too,” Devin muttered with amusement. 
As they carried on chatting, Sebastian’s mood gradually lifted. The band of friends finished up their final game before a call from the office came. Then, Sebastian got ready to head back. 
“The situation at your company just stabilized, so you’ve got to remember not to be too hasty and always discuss with others when making decisions. Also, don’t bury your feelings. Got it?” 
As the eldest in the group, Devin made it a point to offer Sebastian some advice before he left.
When Jake heard his words, he interjected with jest. “He’s right, Sebastian. I heard you even got your wife to work there. How impressive! You could always talk things out with her. Apparently, she’s extremely competent.” 
“Shut up!” 
It was supposed to be friendly banter, but Sebastian’s face instantaneously darkened at Jake’s comment. 
Jake and Devin froze at once. 
Shawn, who remained quiet at the side, turned to eye Sebastian. 
They understood the situation right away. 
Sebastian’s foul mood was obviously because of the tiff with his wife. 
Even after Sasha was done with the day’s work, she did not see Sebastian return to the office. 
However, it barely bothered her. 
His position as the president entailed countless responsibilities. It was not unusual for him to knock off work late. 
Sasha continued to tidy her table. 
Buzz… Buzz… Buzz… 
“Hello?”
“Mommy, have you gotten off work? We’re at the mall with Aunt Sabrina. Come quick! We’re having ice cream right now.” 
The call came from Vivian. The kids were at a nearby shopping mall and urged her to join them. 
Sabrina brought them here? 
The thought of seeing her children put her in a cheery mood and she promptly left the office. 
When she arrived at the mall a stone’s throw away from their office, she spotted her children riding a carousel while holding their ice creams. 
Where’s Sabrina? Oh god. Look at her at the claw machine by herself. 
“What the hell? What is this broken contraption? It’s obviously out to eat my money!” 
Having failed at the claw machine multiple times, Sabrina raised her leg and gave it a hard kick. She indignantly threw a fit as she carried on striking the machine with her foot. 
Sasha shook her head at her behavior and headed straight for her children. 
“Matt! Vivi! Are you having ice cream?” 
“That’s right, Mommy. You’re finally here! Here you go. This is for you.” 
As a little girl, Vivian had always been the most affectionate of them all. When she spotted her mother, she immediately hopped off the carousel and ran over to her with her arms spread wide open. 
Sasha quickly bent down and picked her up. 
Matteo followed behind his sister but merely held his mother’s hand. “Mommy, are you fatigued from work? Did Daddy give you lots of work to do?”
###Chapter 567
Chapter 567
“Haha!” 
Sasha burst into laughter at her son’s guileless innocence. 
“Why? Are you concerned that Daddy will overtire Mommy?” 
“Yeah! Everyone says that working for Daddy is exhausting, even Mr. Scott. So you’ve got to let me know if Daddy’s overtaxing you. Then, we won’t work for him anymore!” 
“Huh?” Sasha’s eyes widened in disbelief. “Then what else can we do?” 
“Anything’s fine. Our Mommy’s a jack of all trades. You can either start your own business or you can work at the hospital. The possibilities are endless!” 
The little rascal’s not giving his own Daddy any credit! 
Luckily, Ian showed up. 
Upon hearing his brother spout nonsense, he reached out to shove his ice cream into his mouth. 
“Mmhmm…” 
“Little Ian?” 
“Mommy, where’s Daddy? Is he not with you?” Ian obediently strode over to his Mommy and leaned into her embrace. 
Sasha’s heart melted at his affection. 
As she snuggled up to her three children, she grinned from ear to ear. “No, he’s still busy with work. How’s about this? We’ll go and get some ingredients first. Then, we’ll give him a call. Perhaps he would
be done by then.” 
“Sure!” 
The three kids happily obeyed. 
Hence, the four of them made their way towards the supermarket. 
Sabrina, who was still preoccupied with the claw machine, had no clue that they were leaving until Ian turned around and noticed his oblivious aunt. He spun around and marched in her direction to drag her along with them. 
“Hey! What are you doing? I’m not done with this!” 
She furiously pointed towards the doll inside the claw machine. 
Ian sneered as he continued yanking her along. “Only a brainless person would play this.” 
Sabrina was left without retort. 
The nerve of this rascal! 
In the end, Sabrina was dragged along to the supermarket against her will. 
At the sight of Sabrina, Sasha felt a tad apologetic about troubling her with the children. 
She swiftly pointed to a chicken in the poultry section and asked, “Sabrina, how about I prepare some chicken soup for you tonight?” 
Sabrina’s eyes bulged in disbelief. “What for? I’m not ill.”
Sasha resisted the urge to chuckle. “Nobody said that chicken soup is only for those who are sick. It can be nourishing even if you’re perfectly fine. I’m a doctor, remember?” 
Sabrina’s eyes instantly lit up. 
I suppose it doesn’t hurt to drink something nutritious to look healthier. I’ve been planning to go see Devin anyway. He doesn’t like it when my face is covered with layers of makeup. If I looked like I was in the pink of health, I wouldn’t need all that makeup to go meet him. 
At the thought of that, Sabrina enthusiastically nodded. “I want two servings!” 
Sasha was struck dumb upon hearing that. 
Alright. Guess I’ll have to make more. 
With the children in tow, the pair of women quickly finished their grocery shopping and left the supermarket. 
“Mommy, are we calling Daddy?” The moment they left, Matteo asked. 
Sasha was about to open her mouth to answer when Sabrina piped up. “What for? Isn’t he right there?” 
Huh? 
The children’s heads immediately shot up. 
Sasha also turned to look in the direction Sabrina pointed to. 
Indeed, as they stood at the grand entrance of the mall, they spotted a familiar black Bentley driving over from the direction of the office.
“It’s Daddy!” 
The kids were overjoyed at the sight of their father’s car and began prancing in excitement. 
Sasha was also feeling gratified by his unexpected appearance. She fished out her phone and dialed his number to tell him that his wife and children were there at the shopping mall he was approaching. 
“Hello? Sebby, we’re at…” 
“You can go home first. I still have unfinished business at the office. No need to wait for me to have dinner.” 
With a terse statement like that, he rapidly hung up without waiting for Sasha to reply. 
At the same time, the animated children were eagerly awaiting their father’s arrival, only to see his car speed past them. 
“Daddy! Why didn’t he stop? Did he not see his sweetie?” 
Vivian’s lips curled into a pout as tears lined her red-rimmed eyes at the sight of her Daddy’s car zooming past her. 
Both Matteo’s and Ian’s faces fell simultaneously. The former, usually the most anxious of the trio, rushed to his mom’s side. 
“Mommy, did you not manage to get through to Daddy’s line? Why didn’t he stop for us?” 
Sasha forced out a faint smile to her son with her phone still clenched tightly in her fist. 
“Daddy was on his way to fetch his client. He’s not done with work for today.” 
“Is that so?”
Matteo scrutinized his mother with a tinge of suspicion. 
Sasha bent down at once to hold him in her arms. “Of course! When has Mommy ever lied to you? Besides, Daddy loves you three so much. If he really knew you were here, wouldn’t he fly over if he were available?”
###Chapter 568
Chapter 568
Sasha acted calm so that her kids would believe her. 
After Sasha coaxed them, they stopped kicking a fuss and followed her into the car. 
However, Ian frowned and gazed at Sasha before he hopped in. 
Forty minutes later, they returned to the Hayes residence. 
“Sasha, are you sure your man left to meet a client? Could it be that he has abandoned you?” 
“Ah?” 
Sabrina asked Sasha mockingly when Sasha wanted to open the door and take the vegetables. Instantly, Sasha’s face turned pale. 
“Of course! What are you asking this? How could he possibly abandon us?” She avoided Sabrina’s gaze and denied her speculation. 
Sabrina noticed the change in Sasha’s expression and stopped dwelling on it. 
Instead, she stared and sneered at Sasha coldly before entering the house. 
Sasha felt relieved once Sabrina left. Her hands suddenly went limb, and the things that she held fell into the car. 
Deep down, Sasha was unsure if he abandoned her and the kids there. 
However, he said clearly over the phone that he was busy working in the company. Besides, he asked Sasha to go home and have dinner first. 
Why did he have to lie?
He was neither in the company nor busy doing anything. 
Suddenly, Sasha recalled that she was being stood up during lunch. 
“Madam, you’re back.” 
“Yes. You don’t have to prepare dinner for Mr. Hayes because he’s busy,” Sasha said while carrying the vegetables. 
Meanwhile, Wendy was unaware of what went on. 
She only nodded smilingly and grabbed the vegetables into the kitchen to prepare dinner. 
Expectedly, Sebastian didn’t come home for dinner at night. 
After tucking the kids in, Sasha returned to the bedroom and lay in bed. At that time, she finally heard some footsteps outside the room. 
“Sebby, are you home?” Sasha asked instinctively. 
She half-opened her eyes and saw a man entering the room. 
“Yes,” the man replied calmly. 
Sasha somehow felt that the familiar voice sounded raspy. 
Has he caught a cold, or did he drink? 
As the thought flashed through her mind, Sasha was instantly wide awake. 
When she wanted to switch on the light, Sebastian had fumbled his way into the bathroom. After a while, she heard that the tap was running.
Well, I’ll wait until he finishes taking a shower. 
Sasha turned on the table lamp and wanted to wait for him. 
After twenty minutes or so, Sasha heard that he had finally turned off the tap. Feeling happy, she lifted the blanket and stood up. 
“Sebby, are you done?” 
“You are still awake?” 
As Sebastian came out from the bathroom, some water droplets on his shapely torso glistened in the light. 
Stunned, Sasha gulped and forced herself to calm down. 
“Yes, I am. Sebby, are you having a fever? I heard that your voice sounded raspy just now. Let me take a look.” 
She reached out her hand to examine him. 
Sebastian always wished that Sasha would lay her hands on him. However, when Sasha was reaching out, Sebastian avoided her with a look of disgust. 
Sasha was rendered speechless, and her hand stopped halfway. 
She was rooted to the floor for quite some time. 
Is he… avoiding me? 
Besides, why did he flash a look at me?
At that moment, a shiver ran down her spine. 
“I feel alright. I only drank a little with the clients. Go and sleep.” 
Sebastian clenched his fists and suppressed his anger. 
After withdrawing his gaze from her, Sebastian grabbed the hairdryer from the wardrobe and got into the bathroom again. 
Sasha couldn’t hear any sound from the bathroom since then. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was very agitated as he had forced himself to stay calm for the whole day. However, he felt outraged whenever he recalled what he saw from the surveillance footage. 
Just why? 
After all the ups and downs that we’ve gone through, why hasn’t she forgotten that man? 
Lies and deceptions… 
She even made me drunk and begged me afterward so that I would agree to her request. How much does she miss that man? How heartbroken will she be if he dies in my hands? All the more so, she even let him touch her! 
Thud! 
Sebastian hit the wall forcefully and left a red mark. 
Nonetheless, Sasha didn’t hear anything because the hairdryer was so loud while the door was closed. 
Moreover, her mind was in turmoil because she was thinking of the look of disgust on Sebastian’s face.
After a while, she switched off the light and buried herself under the blanket. Slowly, tears streamed down her face.
###Chapter 569
Chapter 569
It was a sleepless night for Sasha. 
The next morning, she felt dizzy. 
She didn’t get up nor open her eyes. Instead, she pretended to be sleeping, for she wanted to see Sebastian’s response. 
Even though Sasha was still asleep, Sebastian would always hug and kiss her before he got up. 
What about this morning? 
Sasha held her breath and waited. 
The outcome was disappointing—Sebastian lifted the blanket and got up once he woke up. 
Then, he quickly changed his clothes and left the room without even glancing at Sasha. 
What is going on? 
Once the door was closed, Sasha couldn’t stop the tears from sliding down her face. 
It was cold in the middle of winter, but Sasha felt that her heart had frozen. 
She kept lying on the bed for a long time. 
“Sasha? Sasha?” 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
When she heard the bang on the door, Sasha quickly wiped away her tears and got up. 
“Mom? Why are you up so early?”
Sasha gazed at Frieda in bewilderment, for Frieda was supposed to be asleep at this hour. 
Frieda grabbed Sasha’s arm and said, “I want to have chicken soup as well.” 
Chicken soup? 
Is she referring to the chicken soup made for Sabrina yesterday? Didn’t she have the soup last night? 
Sasha shrugged and explained, “Mom, we ate all the chicken soup last night. If you want more, I’ll buy the ingredients and make the soup for you.” 
“There is still some soup. That fierce woman—she hid the soup. I saw it, but she didn’t want me to have it. She’s a bad woman!” 
Hugging Sasha’s arms, Frieda began to sob. 
Sasha got anxious instantly. 
She put on a jacket on Frieda and brought her to Sabrina’s room. 
Much to her surprise, Sasha saw a pot of chicken soup in Sabrina’s room once she arrived. 
“Sabrina, what are you doing? Why are you keeping so much chicken soup? Can you finish all of it?” 
“It’s none of your business! Since you made the soup for me, I can decide if I want to gulp it down or otherwise,” Sabrina retorted. 
Sasha felt that she almost went crazy because of the two women. 
Besides, she felt even more agitated after facing the fiasco.
She had no choice but to drive to the market early in the morning to buy a chicken to make some soup before going to the company. 
“Mom, I’m cooking the chicken soup now. Later, you can ask Wendy to get a bowl for you. Be good and stick around the house.” 
“Okay.” 
Delighted, Frieda nodded and squatted near the stove quietly. 
After that, Sasha departed to Hayes Corporation in the city center. 
“Ms. Wand, you’re late. The representative of Wells International called us and asked to discuss our partnership through video conferencing. Since you weren’t here, he called Mr. Hayes directly.” 
Sasha never thought that Jenny would tell her such a piece of bad news once she arrived. 
Wells International was the duty-free retailing group mentioned by Sasha when she discussed the land lot with the higher-ups in the president’s office. 
Aren’t they still hesitating? Why did they suddenly request to have video conferencing to talk about partnership? 
Feeling nervous, Sasha dialed a number once she sat down. 
“Hello? Sebby… Mr. Hayes, sorry for bothering you. I just arrived at the office and heard that Wells International called you. May I know what he said?” 
“How can you have the cheek to ask this question? As the director of the operational department, how could you let our customer call my office? What have you been doing? Is this how you’re supposed to work?” Sebastian scolded angrily.
Sasha felt that Sebastian didn’t respect her like how a superior was supposed to treat a subordinate. 
Besides, his tone was devoid of emotion, as though he was a completely different man. 
Instantly, tears slid down her face uncontrollably. 
Did I ask to work here? 
He forced me to be here! 
Indignant, Sasha had the impulse to fling the phone away and leave the company. 
However, as a well-mannered woman with high professional ethics, she told herself not to do it. 
Hence, she resisted her feelings and said in a low voice, “I’m sorry that I didn’t do it well. I’ll take care of it.” 
With that, she hung up the phone. 
Holding the phone, Sebastian was rooted to the floor. 
Bang! A few seconds later, he flung the phone on the table. 
Luke witnessed it as he was in Sebastian’s office. After hesitating for a while, he persuaded, “Mr. Hayes, don’t you think you’re too harsh to Mrs. Hayes? I mean, she has only started working in the company for a few days, yet you-”
###Chapter 570
Chapter 570
“Are you trying to lecture me? Get out of here!” 
Before Luke could finish, Sebastian vented his anger by flinging all of the documents at him. 
Well, he got furious yesterday, and the whole company has been rendered chaotic because of that. 
Huh, I hope Mrs. Hayes won’t be irritated by him. 
That was Luke’s only hope when he got out of the room. 
In the operational department downstairs, Sasha didn’t have time to be angry, for she had to persuade Wells International to come back. 
“Jenny, please tell all colleagues to go to the meeting room. I’d like to have an emergency meeting in a short while.” 
“Understood, Ms. Wand.” 
The secretary immediately told everyone about it. 
A few minutes later, everyone in the department was seated in the small meeting room. Besides, their expressions were different from yesterday. 
Those who either obeyed Sasha during the meeting yesterday or had a wait-and-see attitude were interested to know how she would respond to the emergency. 
Moreover, those who were reluctant to acknowledge Sasha’s leadership hoped she would make a fool out of herself. 
“Everyone, we are encountering some problems with one of the most important projects due to my mistakes. Hence, we have to turn the tide now. From now on, please stop whatever you’re working on
currently and do as I instruct!” 
Once Sasha entered the meeting room, she didn’t sit down but began giving instructions straightforwardly. Besides, she kept knocking on the table with a pen while talking. 
Perhaps only a few women could act as imposingly as Sasha. 
Instantly, those who recognized Sasha’s leadership answered affirmatively, “Understood, Ms. Wand.” 
“Ms. Wand, since our projects are also urgent, how can all of us stop? I mean, we’re about to give our clients a call later to inform them about our progress. What if we lose the clients as a result of putting a halt to our work?” Soon, one of those who wanted to create trouble said sarcastically. 
Surprisingly, Sasha cast a cold glance at him and argued, “Who’s the director, me or you? How dare you talk nonsense when I specifically ask you to stop? As for your clients, I don’t care even if ten similar clients cancel their orders!” 
She said in an authoritative tone and didn’t intend to show him any respect. 
The staff’s face reddened as though he had been slapped in the face. Despite his dissatisfaction, he dared not utter a word anymore. 
At the end of the meeting, it was decided that the entire department stopped whatever they were working on currently. 
Some were in charge of contacting Wells International; the rest were tasked with monitoring the company. 
Moreover, Sasha also asked someone to track the whereabouts of Wells International’s representation. She wanted to know where the representative was and met him directly.
Upon hearing that, Jenny was rooted to the floor. “Ms. Wand, are you sure you want to do it by yourself? How are you going to do it? I mean, it’s dangerous to go out because it’s snowing now.” 
“It’s fine. Why should I worry about snow? I encountered weathers that were a lot worse before.” 
Unperturbed, Sasha continued to stare at the website that could track the whereabouts of Wells International’s representative. 
After going through ups and downs all these years, Sasha had transformed herself from the pampered Ms. Wand to a formidable woman. 
Furthermore, she had to be strong, or Sebastian would think that she was useless. 
Perhaps he’ll scold me with a lot more unpleasant words if I’m useless to him. 
Recalling the moment she called Sebastian just now, Sasha parted her lips for a while and continued to concentrate on the website. 
Fortunately, the hacker whom Sasha hired found the representative’s location and gave it to her. 
“The target is in Horington.” 
“Horington?” 
Sasha’s eyes glowed upon hearing it. 
Horington wasn’t very far from Avenport, and she could drive to the city within four hours. As such, Sasha thought she could stop the representative if she departed immediately. 
With that, she grabbed her bag on the table and was about to make a move.
Jenny was anxious and wanted to stop Sasha. However, Sasha was very strong-willed even though she and Jenny were around the same age. 
Sasha stood at her office door and said, “Everyone, I know that you feel reluctant to work on this project. However, it is about a plot of land worth ten billion; hence, it is a rare but immensely profitable business opportunity for the company. If we get the project and double its value, your names will be included in the top employees’ award. By then, you will acquire both fame and fortune. In that case, why should anyone think about giving up on the project?” 
Upon hearing it, none of them uttered a word. 
Instead, they stopped their work and gazed at Sasha quietly. 
After Sasha left, they came back to their senses and felt excited all of a sudden. 
A few seconds was all it took to get everyone to feel passionate about their work. 
Sasha went straight to the parking area once she got downstairs. 
“That’s weird. Did you guys see that? I think the woman who came to our company was Ms. Rocke.” 
“Are you sure? Where did you see her?” 
“When I was parking my car, I saw her car next to mine.”
###Chapter 571
Chapter 571
The staff Sasha encountered on her way down through the elevator weren’t aware of her identity and continued whispering amongst themselves as if they couldn’t be bothered by Sasha’s presence. 
On the other hand, Sasha’s face turned pale and haggard when she heard their conversation. 
Roxanne? 
She no longer had the strength to pull herself together when she was determined to seal the deal a few minutes ago. 
It had gotten the better of her to the extent she couldn’t even bring herself out of the elevator when she reached the designated floor. 
Ding! 
After some time, she finally mustered her strength to bring herself out of the elevator. 
Instead of going after the person in charge of Wells International, she started searching high and low in the parking lots. 
A few minutes later, she saw a familiar car and thought Roxanne must have been next to him throughout their conversation. 
What the hell were they doing together? Since when were they on good terms with each other? Why did he reprimand me in front of her? 
Sasha had a hard time catching her breath. Nevertheless, she made her way to her car and sped out of the parking lot without a second thought.
Meanwhile, Roxanne was still in Sebastian’s office to sort things out with him. She had brought along the shares transferal agreement for ownership given to the Rocke family by the representative of Sinch Enterprise and handed it over to Hayes Corporation. 
“Sebastian, my father wants me to return this to you! He also sincerely seeks your forgiveness! All this while, he had been living in guilt because he wasn’t aware that incident would bring upon your father’s demise!” 
Roxanne handed over the share transferal agreement to the man with her eyes brimming with tears, but Sebastian couldn’t care less and stare at her with a deadpan look. 
It was undeniable he was no longer on bad terms with her since she helped him to expose Sasha’s doppelganger and treated Sabrina. 
Therefore, instead of acting all arrogant, he explained in a callous tone, “You don’t have to return those to me since those are nothing more than a few pieces of paper. Sinch Enterprise was involved in a series of scams. In other words, it was never the stakeholder of Hayes Corporation.” 
Roxanne’s eyes widened in disbelief when she heard him. She asked, “A-Are you serious? W-We have always thought it’s something important! I-I’m so sorry for the misunderstanding since we’re not really well-versed in them.” 
She put the things she had with her aside and noticed the man had no intention to carry on with the conversation anymore. 
It was evident he wanted her to leave him alone since it was written all over his face. 
Roxanne clenched her fists and asked, “Speaking of which, have you figured out the identity of Sasha’s doppelganger?”
“She’s Xenia! It turns out she’s alive all this while! Solomon’s adoptive mother saved her when she was knocked out by Robert! In the end, she had a series of surgical procedures to alter her look! I can’t believe they have been plotting against you! On top of that, the Blackwood family and Sasha…” 
After making herself clear they were the ones bringing upon his misery, she stopped halfway through her orated speech. 
Sebastian brought himself to a halt when he heard the woman bringing up the identity of the doppelganger since he wasn’t aware of the truth. 
As soon as he found out she was merely a doppelganger, he paid no heed to her after making use of her to smoke out Yancy as the mastermind behind Solomon’s plan. 
Aware of the things awaiting the woman since she had failed to carry out her mission, he couldn’t be bothered to waste his time to go after her. 
Nonetheless, he couldn’t believe the vicious woman was Xenia. He asked, “How did you figure out her identity?” 
“M-My father brought this up in front of me! Sebastian, would you like me to keep an eye on them on your behalf? I’ll definitely try my best to be of aid if you need my help!” 
She had just volunteered herself to be the spy of Hayes Corporation to gather information in Sinch Enterprise. 
Truth be told, she was there in an attempt to get her hands on the man. Since things were no longer chaotic, she thought it was a great time to make an advance on the man. 
Although he might not be bothered with her presence, she was certain her persistence and hard work would pay off in the future.
See! It has merely been a few days, but he’s already having a conflict with Sasha! 
To her surprise, as soon as she made herself clear, the man asked in a callous tone with his face puckered, “Why don’t you tell me the reasons why I need to send you there on behalf of the company?” 
“A-Aren’t you curious as to why Solomon has approached Sasha? I can’t believe he has the guts to show up again when you have shown him some mercy and set him free!” 
Without a second thought, the man cast the ashtray in the direction of the entrance with all his might, yelling, “Get out of my sight at once!” 
Roxanne shrieked in fear of being struck to death when she thought she might not brace herself through the heavy blow on her head. 
It was then Luke rushed into Sebastian’s office and showed her the way out. “Ms. Rocke, why have you made your way here? Have you a death wish or something?”
###Chapter 572
Chapter 572
Meanwhile, Sasha continued speeding on the highway after blacklisting a few people from getting in touch with her through the phone. 
However, that was merely a waste of time since there were only a mere few who truly cared about her. 
Buzz! Buzz! 
“Hello?” 
“Ms. Wand, where are you? We have gotten in touch with the person in charge of Wells International! He has agreed to grant us an audience with him as long as we’re able to reach his office before twelve o’clock!” 
Jenny, the secretary, had made the call to share the good news with Sasha. 
Upon a simple glimpse at her watch, Sasha frowned since it was almost ten o’clock in the morning. 
It would take her three hours to make her way to Horington from Avenport. In other words, it was a mission impossible for her to reach the person in charge since she only had about two hours. 
Nonetheless, she wasn’t given much of an option, so she told Jenny, “Alright, tell him I’ll reach his office before twelve o’clock.” 
“Alright, Ms. Wand!” 
Thrilled by the great news, Jenny hung up the call with a bright grin. 
Within a few minutes, those from the operational department thought they had finally made it and couldn’t wait to share the great news with the others.
Luke heard the great news when he was on his way back after showing Roxanne the way out of the company. 
“You know what? The newly appointed person in charge of the operational department is currently on her way to confront the client!” 
“I must say I’m impressed! I can’t believe she has the guts to make her way to the customer’s place without others’ aid!” 
“Isn’t it obvious, we need to stop making fun of…” 
As Sasha’s subordinates started complimenting her, Luke paid no heed about it and made his way upstairs to join Sebastian in the conference room. 
Meanwhile, immediately after she hung up the call, Sasha accelerated the car, speeding her way through the highway even when the road was covered in snow. 
She was going at 100 mile/hour which could be deadly especially when the highway was covered in snow. 
She took a deep breath and started praying it would stop snowing soon. To her surprise, it was the exact opposite of her prayer. 
As soon as she made her way out of Avenport, it started snowing heavily. She couldn’t even see the road since the windshield was covered in snow. 
She slowed down by the time she reached the junction. When she stepped on the brake, she heard the sound of the wheels sliding forward. 
It was then she started perspiring in fear of not making it out alive.
She had no choice but to go really slow instead of trying anything rash. 
Along the way, she was glad it was still in the morning. Although there was a heavy snowstorm, the road had yet to freeze. Thus, it wasn’t much of an issue. 
However, shortly after she made it out of Avenport, a car almost ran into hers when they were at a slightly higher altitude. 
She had the shock of her life and thought of cursing the driver, but she found out the driver seemed to have lost control over his vehicle. 
After a short while, his car swayed off the road and fell off the guardrail in front of her. 
Oh, God! 
In the meantime, Sebastian, who was in the middle of a conference, wasn’t aware that Sasha was on her way to Horington. 
He made up his mind to focus on his work in an attempt to calm himself ever since Roxanne’s departure. The conference lasted for an hour and a half and didn’t seem to come to an end just yet. 
Luke, who was in charge of the memo of the conference, found his phone buzzing. 
Josephine: Mr. Scott, we have some sort of bad news! Those from the operational department told me that they couldn’t get in touch with Mrs. Hayes! 
Huh? Why is she informing me when they can’t reach their supervisor? Aren’t they supposed to call her or something? 
Luke, who was equally occupied, was rendered speechless by the message.
Luke: Why are you informing me when they’re supposed to be going after her with the rest of the department? 
Josephine: No! Mrs. Hayes is currently on her way to Horington! 
Luke: What? 
Luke finally recalled the conversation of those from the operational department. 
Is that the reason they have been complimenting her? Oh, God! Has she really made her way to the office of the infuriated person in charge who has turned down the proposal of Hayes Corporation? 
Luke finally linked the missing pieces of puzzles together. 
Luke: Since when did she leave? 
Josephine: Immediately after Mrs. Hayes found out that his office was located at Horington, she made her way there alone since Mr. Hayes had instructed them to get their hands on the person in charge’s whereabouts. She was supposed to reach his office by twelve o’clock. It’s currently eleven-thirty, but they just couldn’t reach her. 
Josephine repeated the timeline of the incident after gathering the details from the staff of the operational department. 
Luke knew something was wrong as soon as he figured out Sasha was on her way to Horington. 
His limbs turned rigid as he started perspiring in fear of the things awaiting them.
###Chapter 573
Chapter 573
Sebastian, who had been conducting the conference, found out his assistant started losing himself in a train of thought. 
Thus, he glared at his assistant in the eyes and asked, “What are you doing?” 
Luke, who was drenched in sweat, finally returned to his senses and answered, “Mr. Hayes, Mrs. Hayes is currently on her way to meet the person in charge of Wells International.” 
Irked by the incident in the morning, Sebastian was harsh with his remarks. “Is that any of my business when it’s part of her job?” 
Luke gulped and knew nothing he had in mind could convince his infuriated supervisor. In the end, he looked out the window and announced, “According to the forecast, there’s a heavy snowstorm in Horington today!” 
Sebastian’s eyes widened in disbelief when he heard Luke. 
On the other end, Sasha was in deep trouble since she had lost control over the vehicle immediately after the car fell off the guardrail in front of her. 
Bam! 
As a result, she bumped into the guardrail and almost passed out due to the heavy blow on her chest. 
Fortunately, she wasn’t involved in another accident since there were merely a few drivers on the highway due to the terrible weather. 
It took her a long time to pull herself together. Seconds after she returned to her senses, she started surveying her surroundings.
Things were pretty tough on her end since her belongings, including her phone, were all over the place in the car. 
She knew there was no way she could make it to Horington in time. Afraid she would mess things up again, she thought of getting in touch with the person in charge to inform him of her situation. 
Once she gathered her thoughts, she withstand the racking sensation she felt and leaned over to pick up her phone. 
“Hello, is this Mr. Will?” 
Confused by the call, the person in charge of Wells International asked in return, “Yes. May I know who’s on the line?” 
Thrilled, Sasha introduced herself, “I’m so sorry for interrupting you, Mr. Will! I’m the representative of Hayes Corporation!” 
“Well, as long as you make it to my office within another half an hour, I’ll grant you an audience with me to pitch the proposal again.” 
The person in charge of Wells International was from Moranta. When he heard Sasha, he answered in a courteous manner and assured her he would honor his promise. 
Half an hour? Are you kidding me? There’s no way I’m going to make it in time when I’m this close to losing my freaking life! 
“Mr. Will, allow me to express my utmost apology since I don’t think I’m going to make it in time.” 
“What?”
The foreigner started throwing a tantrum and yelled, “Are you trying to waste my time or what? I have been pretty merciful to spare you two hours, but you’re telling me you can’t make it in time? If that’s the case, forget about the proposal!” 
He was about to hang up the call immediately after he made himself clear it was over. 
The anxious Sasha yelled at him in return, “No, Mr. Will! We wish to establish a long-term working relationship with you and your company, but I can’t make it since I’m caught in the middle of something.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
“I’m involved in a minor accident due to the bad weather. I’ll show you a photo if you’re having doubts.” 
In an attempt to convince the foreigner, Sasha snapped the photo of her car bumping into the guardrail. 
She did a great job leaving herself out of the photo since it wouldn’t be wise for her to play to the man’s emotions. 
As a qualified negotiator, she needed to share the details of her situation with the other party to gain their trust. 
Indeed, the foreigner stopped picking on her and announced, “Well, I’ll just give you another hour if that’s the case.” 
“Thank you so much, Mr. Will! I’ll definitely make it there in time! Also, allow me to introduce myself! My name is Nancy!” 
“Nancy?”
The person on the other end asked in disbelief and thought he had heard of the name during his time abroad. 
“Yes, I used to work for Andy! In fact, I was the one behind a lot of the investment proposals! I had also done a few startups a huge favor and contributed to their current success! I can assure you it’s a beneficial deal for both parties!” 
Sasha introduced herself and her past achievements to convince the doubtful man since she knew it would take more than a mere accident to convince him. 
Hence, she needed to persuade him it was worthy of his time to meet her. Otherwise, he might lose his patience if she were to be late again. 
Her identity and past achievements happened to be the most persuasive things she could leverage on. 
Once she had everything sorted out, she finally returned to her senses and started checking on the condition of the car. 
She was grateful the Cayenne turned out to be sturdier than she had thought. In spite of the impactful blow, she could still start the car without any trouble. 
Thus, she made up her mind to carry on with her journey and thought it wasn’t such a bad day after all.
###Chapter 574
Chapter 574
She merely had two options left. Unless she could think of something to start the car, she would have to acquire the aid of the police and make her way to Horington without her sole mean of transport. 
There was no way she would give up her sole mean of transport. In the end, she withstood the racking sensation and crawled her way out of the car. 
Stepping on the inches thick snow, she marched in the direction of the boots and got herself the snow chains that would enable a car to move just fine during winter. 
She had gotten those from an automotive store quite some time ago. Over the years she spent abroad, she had picked up all sorts of skills, including the basics of getting snow chains for the wheels during winter. 
Those were meant to increase the friction between the ground and the wheels of the car during winter to prevent accidents due to the slippery road condition. 
As tough as her life had been throughout the years, she had learned countless valuable lessons. 
She had the chains installed within a few minutes as if it was just a piece of cake for her. Since it was almost twelve o’clock, she returned to her seat and started the car, neglecting the bruise on her forehead. 
In the meantime, Sebastian had boarded the chopper against his subordinates’ advice. They were against the idea of him boarding the chopper due to the bad weather. 
Afraid something bad would happen to Sebastian, Karl tagged along. 
Prior to their departure, Karl asserted in a final attempt to change Sebastian’s mind, “Mr. Hayes, I have gotten in touch with the authorities and ensured there is no accident on the highway from Avenport to Horington. You need to take it easy since Mrs. Hayes may have long made her way to Horington.”
The moment he brought up his suggestion, the man ahead of him boarded the chopper without a second thought and took over the control of the chopper. 
Huh… Karl knew nothing he said could change Sebastian’s mind. Thus, he joined him in the chopper and took over the control over the chopper from Sebastian. 
It was dangerous to fly a chopper during such a heavy snowstorm. Had they failed to exercise caution, they might end up in a serious accident. 
To Karl’s surprise, as soon as they embarked on the journey, Sebastian instructed him to fly the chopper along the highway from Avenport to Horington in an attempt to locate the missing Sasha. 
What the heck? Why had he picked on her in the first place? This is getting on my nerves! 
Karl had no choice but to fly along the highway as instructed. They were surprised to encounter countless vehicles involved in serious accidents. 
They couldn’t believe Sasha wasn’t the only reckless one. 
Have they lost their minds or something? Why the hell are they out and about during a heavy snowstorm? 
Karl’s veins bulged as he thought to himself. Thankfully, they had yet to encounter Sasha’s car. 
Shortly after they made their way out of Avenport and headed in the direction of Horington, they noticed the road of the regions at a higher altitude was completely covered in snow. 
“Mr. Hayes—” 
“Have I not made myself clear? I want you to lower the altitude of the helicopter!” 
Karl had the shock of his life the moment Sebastian broke the silence and yelled at him out of the blue.
Once he turned around, he noticed the man behind him had been clenching his fists with his eyes glued to the road. 
He was glad he wouldn’t have to witness Sebastian’s wrathful look since Sebastian had a telescope with him. 
As a result, Karl lowered the altitude of the chopper and found out countless vehicles were trapped and had pulled over at the side of the road. 
Nonetheless, they couldn’t verify if the drivers and passengers were safe and sound due to the heavy snowstorm. 
Sebastian put his telescope aside and reprimanded, “Why the heck have you stopped? Hurry up and get going!” 
Karl had no choice but to carry on with the journey to Horington. It had been twenty minutes, but the car they had been searching for was nowhere to be seen. 
“Mr. Hayes, I guess it’s safe to assume Mrs. Hayes—” 
When he was about to tell Sebastian his wife might have reached her destination safe and sound, Sebastian’s phone started buzzing. 
Mr. Hayes, we have found a car matching the descriptions of the one your wife owns on Jadeborough Street! Can you verify if this belongs to her? 
Along with the text from the authorities was a photo. 
Without a second thought, Sebastian accessed the photo and went dead silent as soon as it showed up.
He stared at the car next to the guardrail in disbelief and hoped he had been seeing things. 
No, this can’t be! 
Karl was startled by Sebastian’s response since he went dead silent out of the blue. In an attempt to figure out the things going on, he turned around and asked, “Mr. Hayes?” 
Oh, God! Has something bad happened? 
“J-Jadeborough Street!” 
“H-Huh?” 
As Karl looked at Sebastian with a confused look, Sebastian yelled at him, “Have you not heard me? I want you to make your way to Jadeborough Street at once!” 
Karl was rendered speechless and made his way to the designated location instead of saying something else.
###Chapter 575
Chapter 575
They finally made it to Jadeborough Street after a few minutes. 
As soon as they landed, Sebastian alighted from the chopper and rushed over to the crushed rail guard. He found out there were shattered pieces of spare parts, including the license plate, all over the place. 
Sasha! 
The man felt as if he had lost the most important thing in his life after being unreasonable and the feeling of despair over the past two days. 
Sebastian thought Sasha shouldn’t have resorted to such extreme countermeasures to save Solomon when they had gone through all sorts of ups and downs in life. 
Truth be told, he wouldn’t mind doing her a favor, including setting him free as long as she brought it up. 
To make things worse, immediately after Sebastian set Solomon free, Solomon made his way to the hospital to see her. However, she mentioned nothing about it when she made her way home. 
What’s wrong with me? Why is she trying to keep me in the dark? Has anything happened between them? She’s aware that I don’t want her anywhere near him, but she has been keeping in touch with him behind my back! On top of that, they were so intimate with one another! 
Overwhelmed by the duo’s interaction, Sebastian was on the verge of going berserk. He had been trying his best to stop himself from trying anything rash ever since then. Otherwise, he was afraid he might break the law. 
The moment he saw the license plate in front of him, he felt a strong urge to take things out on himself for being jealous over something trivial.
It doesn’t really matter! I guess I haven’t learned from my lesson just yet! I have started taking her for granted again ever since she’s back! It’s my fault for getting so full of myself! 
“Mr. Hayes, where are you going? You need to stay calm and stop trying anything reckless when we’re in the middle of nowhere!” 
Karl’s eyes widened in disbelief when Sebastian was about to jump off the cliff in an attempt to search for Sasha. 
He rushed over and stopped the reckless man in the nick of time. 
Has he lost his mind or have a death wish? Isn’t he aware he’s going to lose his life if he fell down the cliff? 
“Mr. Hayes, why don’t you stay calm and get in touch with the authorities instead of trying something as reckless as this?” 
“Stay away from me!” 
Sebastian could no longer stay calm; immediately after he shrugged Karl off, he wanted to jump off the cliff again. 
It was then, he received another text from the authorities of Horington. 
Mr. Hayes, the car you’re searching for has made it to Horington! If it’s necessary, we can locate her on your behalf! 
Karl was thrilled by the news and showed the reckless Sebastian the message, yelling in excitement, “Mr. Hayes, Mrs. Hayes is fine! She has made it to Horington! You don’t have to jump off the cliff anymore!”
On the other hand, Sasha had finally made it to Horington and met the person in charge of Wells International, Samuel Will. 
“I’m so sorry for taking such a long time, Mr. Will!” Immediately after she showed up at the man’s office, she expressed her sincere apology. 
Intrigued by the capabilities of the woman in front of him, Samuel looked at her in the eyes and continued recalling the information he had gathered. 
Although she used to be one of Andy’s employees, her so-called employer was not a match for her in terms of management because Andy spent most of his time taking care of his shady businesses. 
Meanwhile, Nancy had been handling most of the portfolio of the firm’s clients. Since Andy had been supporting her, she could easily strike a deal with conglomerates of different backgrounds. 
In short, the woman in front of her was the bigshot of the financial industry. To his surprise, the bigshot turned out to be a foreign woman. 
Samuel greeted her in return, “It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Ms. Nancy! Speaking of which, don’t you think it’s time for you to take care of your wound?” 
When she caught him staring at her forehead, she finally recalled she was involved in a minor accident a short while ago. 
She found out her forehead was completely drenched in blood and thought she must have embarrassed herself again. 
“I-I’m so sorry…”
Ten minutes later, Sasha joined Samuel in the restaurant after she returned from the infirmary of the hotel. 
Staring at the table full of dishes, he suggested, “I’m sure you haven’t had your meal! Why don’t we carry on with the session over a meal?” 
“Sounds great to me, Mr. Will!” Sasha was touched by her seemingly caring client. At the very least, it was the first time throughout her day she felt appreciated. 
Seconds after she took a seat, Samuel asked, “Why have you joined Hayes Corporation, Ms. Nancy? Weren’t you an employee of Andy? Kindly forgive me for being frank, but I think you deserve a better opportunity at Wall Street.” 
Sasha was at a loss for words to conclude the things she had gone through. Thus, she said, “Well, it’s quite a long story.”
###Chapter 576
Chapter 576
She knew she deserved a better opportunity at Wall Street as well. However, she just couldn’t bear to leave her family when they needed her. 
When she was about to share the proposal with him, he announced, “Actually, I think it’s a waste of your talent if you remain a member of Hayes Corporation.” 
“H-Huh? W-Why is that, Mr. Will?” 
“It seems like Mr. Hayes doesn’t appreciate you and your talents when all he did was to send you to approach me. On top of that, he didn’t even bother to express his concern over you when you had just braced yourself through a heavy snowstorm for the company’s sake.” 
The foreigner in front of her was spot on. All of a sudden, Sasha was overwhelmed by tidal waves of emotions and couldn’t bring herself to savor the dishes anymore. 
She had no intention to talk about the things he had brought up, but she couldn’t deny he was right because no one bothered to express their concerns over her. 
“I-I think it’s because he’s not aware of the harsh weather!” 
“Are you trying to pull my leg? How is that possible when Horington is merely three hours’ drive away from Avenport? I truly think you deserve a better employment opportunity with someone who appreciates your talents.” 
He didn’t bother to keep his thoughts to himself when he found out Sasha had been trying to deceive herself over and over again. 
As a result, Sasha’s face turned pale and haggard since she was rendered completely speechless by the man’s brutal remarks.
“I-Is that the case?” 
“Of course! In fact, Wells International is more than happy to have you if you wish to join us!” Samuel finally exposed his true colors and brought up the suggestion with a bright grin. 
Once again, Sasha was startled by the man’s suggestion and thought he must have picked on Hayes Corporation without holding back just to get her to join Wells International. 
Sasha found the suggestion hilarious, but she knew the foreigner in front of her was right. 
Half an hour later, they finally carried on with the formal session of officiating the deal as soon as they finished their meal. 
Unwilling to give up just yet, Samuel asked after they had sealed the deal, “Ms. Nancy, are you sure you’re not going to join Wells International?” 
Sasha repeated herself, “Thank you so much for the offer, but I have no intention to leave my family for the time being.” 
“Well, it’s such a shame, but I still look forward to working with you in the near future!” 
Samuel’s regret was written all over his face, but he did a great job carrying himself in a courteous manner. 
He also thought of arranging the transport back to Avenport for Sasha. Thus, he asked, “Ms. Nancy, how are you heading back to Avenport?” 
“Huh?” Sasha looked out the window and responded with a self-deprecating smirk. “I think I’ll spend a night here and see if I’m able to make my way back tomorrow.” 
She was exhausted and thought it was time for her to take a break.
Shortly after they wrapped up the session, Sasha showed Samuel the way out and checked herself into a room to call it a day. 
It was then a Rolls-Royce was brought to an abrupt halt at the entrance after accelerating all the way from afar. 
Samuel, who happened to be nearby, and Sasha, were rendered speechless as they thought the ones in the car seemed to have pulled over in front of them to flaunt their wealth. 
They had their eyes glued to the passengers inside the luxurious vehicle. A few seconds after the passenger wound down the window, she saw a familiar man in the car.
###Chapter 577
Chapter 577
“Miss, are you still checking in or not?” 
“That won’t be necessary anymore! Thank you so much for your time!” Sasha stuffed her identity card into her bag and marched in the opposite direction of the entrance. 
The receptionist was at a loss for words since Sasha had fled the scene before she could say anything else. 
Similarly, the man, who had just alighted from the car, responded with a frown and rushed over to the fleeing woman’s side. 
“Darling, where do you think you’re going? I’m here to take you home!” 
What the heck? Is she the wife of this seemingly filthy rich tycoon? 
The onlookers stared at the duo with their eyes gleaming. 
Meanwhile, Sasha couldn’t care less about the man and seemed to be irked by his presence since her face was scrunched up. 
Seconds after she made it to the road, she tried to hail herself a cab, but someone wrapped his arms around her waist from behind, holding her in his arms against her will. 
“Sasha, where are you going? Haven’t you heard me?” 
He asked in a callous tone, indicating he was equally irked by her response. 
Sasha found his question hilarious and thought her upcoming plan had nothing to do with him. 
She made up her mind and turned around to confront the man, glaring at him in the eyes.
“Where else am I supposed to go apart from heading back to the company to report to my boss?” 
“What?” 
Sebastian’s heart skipped a beat since she had been acting aggressively. 
“Haven’t I made myself clear? I have sealed the deal with the person in charge of Wells International! In other words, I have carried out your instructions!” 
The woman in his arms repeated herself as if she had no intention to waste her time with him anymore. 
Sebastian’s face turned pale and haggard when he caught a glimpse of the woman’s bandaged forehead. 
“Darling, I—” 
“No, Mr. Hayes! Stop addressing me in such an intimate manner! Take this with you since you’re here! I’m glad I won’t have to make my way to your office anymore!” 
As soon as she finished her sentence, she stuffed the stack of agreements she had with her to the man. 
Sebastian was about to say something to explain himself, but the woman started biting his hand with all her might since he refused to move away from her. 
“Ouch!” 
As a result, he shrieked in pain and unfastened his grip. 
Sasha fled the scene without a second thought. By the time Sebastian returned to his senses, she had boarded a cab and disappeared in the middle of the bustling streets.
Oh no… Karl was completely speechless when he saw the conflicting duo running away from one another after a series of misunderstandings. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’m afraid Mrs. Hayes is mad at you. What are we supposed to do next?” 
The already infuriated man yelled at the man next to him, “Isn’t it obvious? Hurry up and go get the car over at once!” 
Prior to his departure, Karl mentioned, “The staff told me Mrs. Hayes’ car was completely dented when she made her way to the hotel. They were afraid something bad might happen to her. They were just glad she was fine. Otherwise, I’m afraid it’s over for you…” 
Halfway through his orated speech, Karl brought himself to a halt since he had made himself clear Sebastian was very close to losing her forever. 
Sebastian, who was well aware of the things that might be in store for him, responded with a frown. 
That was precisely the reason he couldn’t wait to alight from the car and rushed in her direction the moment he saw her in the lobby. 
He felt a strong urge to beg her for forgiveness and bring her home with him, but she had fled the scene again. 
Staring at the bite mark on his hand, he clenched his fists and gasped out his instruction, “Just get going!” 
“Yes!” 
Karl finally returned to the car and made his way to Sebastian’s side. 
On the other end of the city, Sasha had reached the train station.
She had no intention to sort things out with her so-called husband just yet. Truth be told, she could still feel her heart-wrenching due to the silent treatment over the past two days. 
What does he mean he’s here for me? Is he telling me he’s not aware of the heavy snowstorm? If he doesn’t want me dead, why hasn’t he stopped me from leaving in the first place? 
Overwhelmed by a sense of despair, Sasha showed the ticketing agent her identity card and requested, “Can you get me a train ticket to Avenport?” 
The heavy snowstorm continued. It was a relatively desolate departure hall since there were merely a few guests due to the harsh weather. 
Sasha made her way to the departure hall with her ticket and took a seat to take a short break.
###Chapter 578
Chapter 578
“Hey, are you alone as well?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha turned around and noticed there was a little girl, who was around the age of seven or eight, seated behind her. 
The seemingly pitiable little girl looked at Sasha with an aggrieved look. 
Sasha turned around and looked elsewhere to avoid eye contact with the little girl as she couldn’t stand having another equally pathetic figure next to her. 
“N-No!” 
“You don’t have to lie since there’s no way you’re here without others when you’re injured if you’re not alone.” 
Sasha gaped at the little girl’s remark and thought the little girl was right. She wouldn’t be there on her own without others if others truly cared about her. 
I’m in the middle of nowhere without anyone to look after me when I have just gone through a minor accident and injured myself! 
I guess Mr. Will is right! No one cares about me! It seems like I’m not as important as a trivial deal! 
She felt a prickling sensation behind her eyes. A short while later, torrents of grief started streaming down her cheeks. 
“H-Hey—” 
“Yes! You’re right! No one cares about me! That’s precisely the reason I’m here without anyone else!”
Sasha finally let loose of her emotions. Sitting next to the little girl, she continued wailing since she couldn’t pull herself together anymore. 
The last straw had finally broken the camel’s back. 
The little girl was startled by Sasha’s response since it was never her intention to bring the woman next to her to tears. 
“It’s not a big deal, isn’t it? If no one cares about us, we’ll just have to take good care of ourselves!” 
“What?” Sasha sniffled and looked at the little girl in the eyes. 
The little girl advised, “We’ll just put ourselves ahead of others! See! I bought myself all kinds of snacks since they had the guts to leave me alone!” 
Sasha continued weeping because of the things the little girl had gone through. 
When Sebastian reached the duo, he saw the duo savoring ice cream on the bench next to one another when they were supposed to stay away from those during winter. 
“Are you feeling better?” 
“Nah, what about you?” 
“Nah, shall we get another ice cream?” 
“Sure!” 
Sebastian couldn’t believe Sasha had agreed to savor another cup of ice cream in the middle of a heavy snowstorm. 
The little girl next to Sasha retrieved the ice cream she had in her bag and shared it with her.
Has she lost her mind? What does she think she’s doing eating so much ice cream when it’s freaking cold out there? She’s supposed to stop the little girl instead of playing along with her! 
He marched in their direction with the thought of snatching their cups of ice cream away from them in mind. 
Out of nowhere, the little girl asked, “Where are you going? Are you heading home?” 
“Mmm.” 
Sasha responded with a nod and continued savoring her ice cream. In spite of the frigid sensation she felt, she couldn’t be bothered. 
The little girl turned around and advised, “If that’s the case, you need to leave everything behind as soon as you finish your ice cream.” 
“Why?” 
Sasha turned around and looked at the little girl with a confused look. 
To her surprise, the little girl asked with a self-deprecating smirk, “Isn’t it because they’re the ones you care about the most? I mean, I’m against the idea of returning to them, but I’m not given much of a choice since I’m still a minor.” 
Sasha thought she had been hearing things because the little girl mentioned something none of her peers could understand. 
Once they wrapped up their conversation, the little girl started packing her bag and walked in the direction of the ticketing station.
It was then Sasha found out she wasn’t just another little girl—no ordinary little girl could get used to traveling alone. 
She thought the little girl must have her fair share of ups and downs in life. Therefore, she had picked up the skills none of her peers was familiar with. 
If that’s the case, what am I supposed to do? 
Staring at the little girl’s departing back, Sasha reached for her phone seconds after she lost herself in a train of thought. 
“Dad? Shall we go for a short getaway soon? What do you think?” 
“A short getaway?” 
Rufus, who had received the call out of the blue, was startled and confused at the same time because he couldn’t fathom the reason she brought that up out of the blue. 
On top of that, it was almost time for the festive season of the year. Thus, he was against the idea. 
“Where do you want to go? It’s almost time for the festive season, isn’t it? Don’t you have to work? Are you sure you have time for—” 
“Dad, those aren’t really any of your concerns. If you’re not against the idea, I’ll bring you and the children abroad for a short while. We’ll make our way to a tropical country and spend some time there.”
###Chapter 579
Chapter 579
Sasha interrupted her father and told him the things she had in mind. She felt a sense of relief after blurting out the things she had been keeping to herself. 
I’ll never allow others to get the better of me anymore! My life will never be the same! There’s no need for me to start all over again because I’ll decide how I live my life from now on! 
Sasha had been anticipating her father’s reply in silence. Suddenly, someone showed up next to her and snatched her phone away. 
“What the-” 
“Dad, he’s just trying to pull your leg! Just pay no heed to her! I’ll talk to you again soon!” 
Sebastian took her phone away from her and wrapped up the conversation with Rufus on her behalf before hanging up the call. 
When Sasha found out the man next to her was none other than her so-called husband, she couldn’t keep herself calm anymore. 
“What do you think you’re doing, Sebastian? Why the heck have you snatched my phone? Who do you think you are to make the call on our behalf?” 
“I’m making the call on your behalf as your husband.” 
Instead of reprimanding her the moment he saw her, he finally stopped getting full of himself. Then, he cooed, “Darling, can you stop throwing a tantrum and follow me home?” 
He cast his dignity aside and started begging her to show him mercy.
Ironically, Sasha thought he had been being sarcastic again. Hence, she returned the favor and said, “What do you mean by going home? Are you sure that’s considered my home? Do you even want me there?” 
She enunciated her question when she recalled the silent treatment she had been going through in the past two days. Worst of all, he responded with a scowl when she went near him. 
I can’t believe the look of disgust on his face. I’m his freaking wife! 
Once again, her eyes started brimming with tears. Startled by Sasha’s response, he assured her, “No! I want you to go home with me! Why else would I be here if I don’t want you home?” 
“You’re here for me? Are you sure, Sebastian? Since when have you learned to lie? Where’s the almighty Mr. Hayes everyone’s afraid of?” 
Unsure of the things to say to defend himself, he gasped out his reply, “I have been telling the truth!” 
I won’t fall for your lies anymore! I’m well aware of the things you have done and told her! It’s not even much of a challenge to figure it out! The things you have brought up are so freaking hilarious! Just stop trying to deceive me! 
All of a sudden, someone announced, “The train to Avenport will reach the platform soon. Passengers boarding the train please get your ticket ready for verification purposes.” 
Without a second thought, Sasha brought herself up and rushed in the direction of the ticketing station. 
Sebastian’s veins started bulging on his forehead again. Without any hesitation, he went after her in an attempt to stop her. 
To his surprise, he was stopped at the ticketing station.
“Mister, can you please show me your ticket to board the train?” 
“What?” 
Sebastian, who had never taken the train, was getting irritated since he couldn’t wait to reach his wife. 
Unfortunately, the ticketing officer refused to show him the way to the train. As much as he tried to threaten the ticketing officer, he couldn’t force them into submission. 
On the other hand, Sasha heaved a long sigh of relief once she boarded the train because she thought no one could possibly show up to annoy her anymore. 
She had made up her mind to get off the train at the next station. Her upcoming plan was to bring her father and her children abroad with her for the time being. 
To her surprise, a few minutes after she took her seat, a familiar figure showed up in front of her, irritating her all over again. 
“Step aside!” 
The person next to Sasha asked with a frown, “Why? I have purchased this…!” 
He couldn’t even finish his sentence as he was tempted by the stack of cash the man flashed him. 
“No problem, sir! Please take my seat and enjoy the complimentary snacks!” the passenger next to Sasha answered with a bright grin and marched away as soon as he got his hands on the stack of cash. 
As infuriated as Sasha might be, she knew it wouldn’t be wise to make a scene when others had their eyes glued to them due to the noise.
“Have you always enjoyed taking the train? Is it because it’s a comfortable ride?” 
Sebastian paid no heed to Sasha and took a seat next to her immediately after he sent the passenger next to her away. 
He couldn’t get used to taking a train since it was relatively cramped. On top of that, he thought there was an awful stench lingering in the air. 
As he started retching, Sasha remarked in a sarcastic manner, “What’s wrong? Are you having it tough? If you can’t take it anymore, why don’t you go ahead and get off the train?” 
It was finally Sebastian’s turn to force a smile as irritated as he was. “What do you mean? I can’t smell anything apart from your unique scent! There’s no way I’m leaving you when I can’t get enough of you!” 
Sasha flushed instantly when she heard that. 
Seconds after she snapped out of bewilderment, she looked out the window and thought it was time to ignore the shameless man next to her. 
A few minutes later, the train finally departed. The passengers on the train started engaging themselves in all sorts of activities to kill the time. 
“Hey, care to join us for poker?” 
“Sure!”
###Chapter 580
Chapter 580
“Shall we catch a movie? I have downloaded all sorts of movies for the exhaustive ride!” 
“What about a horror movie? I think it’s a great time for some thrilling fun!” 
“The game is about to begin!” 
“First blood!” 
“Double kill!” 
The ones playing the game were seated around Sebastian. They didn’t bother to be mindful of their volume and continued having a great time amongst themselves. 
Sasha was delighted because Sebastian started clenching his fists due to irritation. 
Huh! He shouldn’t have tagged along in the first place! 
The middle-aged man in front of them unpacked something. All of a sudden, an awful stench permeated throughout the confined space. 
Sebastian couldn’t take it anymore. He sprang up from his seat and rushed in the direction of the washroom with his mouth and nose covered. 
That’s it? 
Sasha started gloating over his misfortune and considered herself lucky that he finally stopped getting in her way. 
I guess it’s pretty tough for someone who has been living the posh life ever since he’s young! On top of that, he has mysophobia!
Sasha thought Sebastian would definitely take off as soon as they reached the next station. Thus, she would get off at the station after the next. 
She would get her father and children to join her elsewhere if she couldn’t make it back to Avenport. However, the man returned to her after ten minutes. 
The pale and haggard man announced with a handkerchief over his mouth, “Darling, I’m back. I’ll be fine in a short while.” 
Why is he making it sound as if I have been waiting for his return? 
Sasha turned around and ignored the man. After hesitating for a few seconds, Sebastian finally took the seat next to her again. 
Truth be told, he couldn’t take it anymore since he had never spent such a long time in a cramped space with people from all walks of life. 
Nonetheless, he knew he had to brace himself through the challenges. Otherwise, she might run away from him again the moment he failed to keep an eye on her. 
I’m afraid if she’s serious about running away from me, I won’t be able to reach her even if I want to since she’s so smart. Well, she literally spent half a decade running away from me! 
Slouching against the seat, Sebastian closed his eyes to divert his attention from the things irritating him. 
A short while later, a baby started wailing in the train. 
Boohoo…!
Sebastian, who was also a father, couldn’t take it any longer since Ian had never thrown such a huge tantrum when he was young. 
To be precise, the nanny would tend to the little boy whenever he started making a scene. Thus, it wasn’t much of Sebastian’s concern. 
As Sebastian started feeling lightheaded, he covered his ears in an attempt to regain peace of mind. 
“Is your baby hungry or something? He’s not going to whine for nothing, isn’t he?” 
“I’m afraid he’s really hungry.” 
Out of nowhere, someone mentioned, “Well, what are you waiting for? Hurry up and feed him! You don’t have to worry since we won’t discriminate against you!” 
Sasha looked at the man next to her and saw the man retching again. Afraid he would make a scene and embarrass himself, he covered his mouth to stop himself from puking. 
As Sebastian rushed in the direction of the washroom again, Sasha clenched her fists in silence. 
“Is your husband not feeling well or something? I have seen him rushing in the direction of the washroom twice within a few minutes.” 
The passengers around them expressed their concerns over Sebastian’s wellbeing. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. Seconds after she gathered her thoughts, she assured them, “I think it’s just his motion sickness again. He’s going to be fine in no time.” 
“Huh? Can someone really suffer from motion sickness when they’re on a train? What’s your husband’s occupation? Has he never boarded a train?” an elderly man asked.
On top of that, he wasn’t around when Sebastian offered the young man a stack of cash to get the seat next to Sasha. 
When he heard Sasha mention that Sebastian couldn’t get used to traveling on a train, he thought Sebastian must be a country bumkin. 
Sasha had no intention to carry on with the conversation. She turned around and looked out the window for a moment of silence. 
As much as she wished to ignore Sebastian, she realized she was worried about him. Occasionally, she would look in the direction of the washroom to check on him. 
Sasha, are you seriously going to forgive him? Just how useless can you be? You need to let him be and hold your ground! 
It had been quite some time since Sebastian left his seat, but he was nowhere to be seen just yet. 
She thought he might have taken off, but the train had never stopped. 
Oh, God! Has he passed out in the toilet or something? 
Her heart skipped a beat when she thought about the worst possible outcome. 
She sprang up from her seat and was about to run in the direction of the washroom when he finally staggered his way back to his seat. “Darling, where are you going?” 
He couldn’t care less about his condition and rushed to his wife’s side in fear of her running away from him. 
Sasha was overwhelmed and looked elsewhere to avoid his gaze. 
“I’m just trying to get myself a glass of water.”
“Are you thirsty?” 
The man’s eyes gleamed. He asked, “Shall we upgrade our seats to business class? I have just found out from someone that there is plenty of food and beverages in one of the carriages near the business class. carriage.”
###Chapter 581
Chapter 581
Sasha was startled by his suggestion. 
It finally dawned on her what that was about. 
He was gone for such a long time, and that was to find a more comfortable spot for himself? And there I was… 
Rage started to simmer in Sasha’s chest once more. 
“Suit yourself. But I’m not going!” She flung away Sebastian’s hand and resumed her seat with a stern expression on her face. 
Sebastian’s face was as white as sheet. 
The man continued to stand there for a few seconds before he decided to sit down next to her without another word. 
The carriage finally quietened down. 
After staring out the window for a while, Sasha grew tired and was about to lean back on her seat when she sensed a chill coming from her right side. 
What’s this? 
She turned to her right and realized that the chill came from Sebastian. 
He was sitting still with his eyes closed. However, cold sweat was breaking out from his forehead all the way to his neck, looking to soak through his shirt underneath his down jacket. 
“Sebastian, are you okay?” Blood drained from Sasha’s face as she tried to shake him.
However, Sebastian seemed to be losing his consciousness. 
He slowly opened his eyes. When his blurry vision recognized Sasha in front of him, he panicked and grabbed onto her arm abruptly. “Darling, don’t…leave…me.” 
Urgh! This idiot is still hung up on that. 
Sasha was on the brink of tears. 
She helped him up from the seat and cried for help, “Please, can someone help me? My husband is not feeling well. I need to move him to the dining carriage.” 
Soon, a few people came over to offer assistance. Together, they helped move Sebastian to the dining carriage. 
Some people who suffered from a severe case of mysophobia would experience such panic-attack-like symptoms. 
Like those who were diagnosed with claustrophobia, once they were forced into a place that triggered their phobia, their bodies would react to the surroundings negatively like a distress signal going off. 
If these signals were ignored and the person prolonged his exposure to the surroundings, he would inevitably lose his consciousness and end up passing out altogether. 
Sasha spent ten minutes using her acupuncture needles on the man before he finally regained his consciousness. 
“He’s finally awake. Thank goodness. Madam, would you like me to fetch him some hot chocolate?” One of the train service staff heaved a sigh of relief and thought Sebastian could use some drink to keep his fluid up and boost his energy.
No! He deserves this. Let him suffer! 
Sasha was still mad at him. Now that the man had awakened, her anger resurfaced. 
Nevertheless, Sasha nodded to the service staff and said, “Sure. That would be great. Thanks.” 
The staff quickly turned around to get that drink. 
Sebastian heard the last words said by his wife the moment he woke up. “Thanks, Darling.” 
Frustration continued to brew in her chest. But since the man was in no condition to stand up against her, Sasha begrudgingly suppressed her emotions. 
“Sit up and see how you’re feeling overall,” the woman ordered. 
“Okay.” Sebastian complied dutifully. Despite still feeling weak, the man was still over six foot two. So when he sat right next to Sasha, he still overshadowed her by a lot. 
“Lower your head and let me see your tongue,” she said impatiently. 
So he is tall. Big deal! Such a bully. 
Sasha still had a long face. Her frustration made her chest feel tight. 
Sebastian, who was supposed to stick his tongue out, suddenly pulled her into his arms and held her tightly. 
“Darling, I’m sorry. I really am. I shouldn’t have raised my voice with you and given you the silent treatment. Can you please forgive me?” Sebastian buried his head in her shoulder. 
Sasha was stunned by his action. His voice was…croaky.
After a long while, still being held tightly in his arms, Sasha said with a choked voice, “Then, why did you do that to me? What have I done wrong?” 
The air froze for a few moments following her question. 
The atmosphere that was warming up between the couple suddenly dropped to sub-zero once more following the man’s silence. 
Does this mean he’s still not prepared to tell me what happened? 
Sasha’s expression darkened instantly and she started to wriggle out from his embrace. 
“Because… I saw Solomon looking for you at the hospital,” Sebastian said as he frantically grabbed onto her arm. 
The man finally confessed what had been tormenting him and keeping him up for the past two nights. 
Sebastian was very reluctant to let on his true feelings. For one, he did not want his wife to think any less of him for being jealous of another man. Besides, he was worried that Sasha would not believe him, which would make matters worse. However, the more he tried to suppress his feelings and keep them under the lid, the more he was losing control of his mind over it. 
Finally, he slowly explained what he saw in the hospital, “I was with my mother at the hospital the other day. Mom said she wanted to bring over some food for your friend in the hospital and she brought me along. That’s when I saw you and Solomon talking in the corridor. I overheard your conversation and I couldn’t control myself…” 
Sasha was in a daze. She no longer heard what Sebastian was talking about. 
As though being hit on the head, blood drained from her face and all she could hear was a ringing voice in her ears.
###Chapter 582
Chapter 582
So it was all because of that. Oh… he already knew. 
Paralyzed by an overwhelming sense of terror, Sasha was as still as a statue. Her mind was in such a mess she could not make heads or tails. 
“Darling?” 
Her catatonic state alarmed him, making his heart sink further. 
Is there really something going on between them? 
The man fell silent. 
For a few seconds, the world was reduced to just the two of them sitting side by side in the dining carriage. It was a pin drop silence and definitely resembled the calm before the storm. 
The silence was finally broken by the service staff who had returned with the hot chocolate. “Is everything okay?” 
He, too, sensed the palpable tension in the air and felt a tingle in his scalp. 
Fortunately for him, Sasha snapped back to reality upon his entrance. 
“Oh… It’s all right. Is this hot chocolate? Thank you very much,” she said while taking over the cup with her icy cold hand. 
Sasha was holding it as though it was not some steamy hot chocolate in a porcelain teacup. 
Sebastian stood in front of her and studied her stupefied expression carefully. At that moment, he felt as though he had just fallen into an abyss.
“Darling?” he uttered softly. 
“Yes?” 
When Sasha glanced up and locked eyes with Sebastian, she tried but failed to conceal the frantic state that she was in. 
Her mind went into a frenzy. She could not even look at the man in the eyes without feeling guilty. 
For the past few days, she had been blaming Sebastian for behaving unreasonably and making her upset. It now dawned on her that she was the root problem. However, she was struggling to offer a good explanation for what had happened. 
“Yes. He did come looking for me at the hospital the other day, but it wasn’t what you think.” Many thoughts rushed through her head in an instance. Still holding onto the hot chocolate, Sasha started to recount the incident. 
The man continued to keep silent. He was holding his breath just so he would not miss a word. 
“Apparently, Solomon’s mother had said something to him, that was why he came looking for me at the hospital to thank me for begging you to let him off.” 
Seeing as Sebastian was still waiting for her to elaborate on the matter, Sasha continued, “I’ve already denied my involvement in that matter, but he insisted that his mother had told him everything, so I panicked. I was afraid that you’d be upset about his visit, that was why I’ve decided to keep this from you.” 
Sasha lowered her head. Her eyes welled up as she recalled how worried and terrified she had felt on those days.
I didn’t lie about this part. Solomon did come looking for me because of that and Yancy was very much involved in that matter too. 
“Yancy? You mean she’s aware of this incident?” 
“Yes. She might have approached my dad. I’m not so sure. But my dad came looking for me regarding this matter. I thought I only needed to have a brief word with you about letting him go. But I didn’t expect her to turn around and did something so evil!” With a heavy heart, Sasha told him part of the truth. To make it more believable, she swapped over the part where Yancy had looked for her. 
Just one lie. I need him to believe me this once. I have no other choice. I don’t want that woman to lay a finger on him. But at the same time, I cannot let him find out the secret about his identity. 
Fortunately, the man started to believe her story. 
“So, you’re saying that she has planned all these so that I’d let go of her son. And at the same time, she also tried to sow discord between both of us?” 
“That’s exactly right!” Sasha nodded in assent as tears trickled down her cheeks. 
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier? Do you still not trust me?” 
“No… It’s not like that.” She looked into his eyes. 
At that moment, the resentment she had been holding against him dissipated instantly. It was replaced by guilt and self-reproach. 
Lowering her head, Sasha slowly explained, “I knew you’d get worked up over this. I understand you don’t want me to have anything to do with him. But I didn’t think he would go and see me at the
hospital. I was afraid that you might misunderstand my motive in asking you to let him off, so I’ve decided to keep a lid on everything.” 
Sebastian went quiet. 
He finally felt a heavy weight lifted off his shoulder. He looked intently at the teary-eyed Sasha and only felt sorry for mistreating her in the past two days. 
At that moment, his only wish was to hold her in his arms and make up for his mistakes. 
“All right. Stop crying now. This is partly my fault too. I should have asked you about what I saw instead of keeping it in. Let’s us vow to always be honest and open to each other about everything, okay?” 
Once again, Sasha stared into Sebastian’s eyes, which were shining with passionate glint. 
She did that for a long while until she finally leaned into his strong chest and muttered, “Okay.” 
I definitely will do that. This kind of thing won’t happen again. 
The couple finally made up and got off the train together as it arrived at Avenport. 
As they stepped off the train, a gush of cold wind made Sasha shiver. 
“Are you cold?” 
Sebastian stopped midstride and removed his down jacket.
###Chapter 583
Chapter 583
“I’m fine, you don’t have to give it to me. You need it more than I do. I don’t want you to faint again.” Sasha quickly stopped Sebastian when she saw him taking off his coat, but he could not care less. 
He pulled his coat over her and bundled her up securely. 
Sasha was speechless as he did that. 
“Mommy! Look at that woman. She looks exactly like me when I’m wearing your clothes. Only her head is sticking out from the big coat.” 
A kid’s voice rang crisp and loud on the platform. Everyone who heard him turned around to look at Sasha. 
Sasha felt so embarrassed, yet Sebastian seemed unperturbed. 
He wrapped her up nicely and pulled her over by the collar. 
“Let’s go.” 
“Where to?” Sasha cried, “Let go of me! I’m not a kid!” 
She was losing it. 
Sasha struggled to get away from him, but the commotion only attracted more jealous gazes. 
Gosh, this public display of affection is just too much for me. 
Why is it that all good men are taken? Life is so unfair. 
Bystanders were wondering why a tall and handsome man like Sebastian would fall for someone as ordinary as Sasha.
A lot of women were envious as they watched the couple. 
By the time they got out of the subway station, Luke was already waiting outside in the car. When he saw Sebastian and Sasha, he got off immediately and opened the door for them. 
“Mr. Hayes, Madam, you are finally back. Is everything okay?” 
The assistant was worried sick. 
Although Karl had told him everything over the phone earlier on, Luke still wanted to make sure everything was fine on his own. He wondered why Sebastian would take public transport instead of his private jet. 
He wanted to know if everything was settled, but Sebastian did not even look at him. 
“Darling, do you want to go home or go to the company? What about we go to the hospital and get you treated first?” Sebastian asked, looking at Sasha’s forehead. 
He actually wanted to ask her what happened earlier on, but he did not because he was afraid she might get upset. That was why he waited till now, yet Sasha did even care. 
“It’s okay. It’s nothing serious. It’s just a scratch. We should just go to the company. We need to discuss our next step now that we have the contract. Time is of the essence.” 
With that said, she hopped in the car while Sebastian and Luke looked at her speechlessly. 
It took Luke a while to snap back and he slowly turned toward Sebastian. 
“Mr. Hayes, I think you should treat Madam better. She’s rather carefree, but this is not an excuse for you to bully her.” 
“Get lost!”
Sebastian was already frustrated enough. Luke’s words added fuel to the fire and Sebastian got into the car after shouting at him. 
Hey… did I do something wrong? I’m just telling the truth. 
Over in Lostaria, Jetroina, the weather had been gloomy for two days. A lot of the peonies in Jade Garden were shriveling up. Without proper care, the flowers could not survive the changing season. 
Like the flowers, Akiko had been downcast for the past few days. 
She had been agonizing over her brother and sister’s deaths, but she did not dare to act on her emotions. 
“Akiko, is the tea ready? Mrs. Tsurka is waiting.” 
“Coming.” 
Akiko quickly responded, picking up the tea powder she had just grinded. 
Crash! 
Just as Akiko was approaching, something crashed on the ground. 
“How dare he? I used all my connections and did everything I could to help him! How dare he refuse to come and see me?” 
Yancy was indignant. Everyone in the garden held their breath and kept quiet. 
Akiko was afraid too. 
She wondered who Yancy was referring to.
Is she talking about Solomon? So he’s out already? 
Thinking of him, a sweet smile curved on Akiko’s lips. She felt like she finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel. 
“I’m sure he will drop by, Mrs. Tsurka. He probably just got back and needs time to calm down. He’ll come over in a few days” the housekeeper said, trying to calm Yancy down. 
“He needs time? What for? I pulled all the strings I could to get him back. He should at least be grateful for what I did for him. Look at what he’s doing now? Is he trying to show me he’s angry with me?” 
“I totally understand why you’re furious, Mrs. Tsurka, but what should we do next? Should we just wait and see how things go before acting?” 
The housekeeper reminded Yancy of their plan. 
There was no way Yancy would just do nothing and wait. 
Although Solomon was already released, they had suffered irreversible losses. Not only did they not get Hayes Corporation, but they also lost Sinch Enterprise. 
Da*n it! 
That bast*rd is not even one of the Hayes. How dare he takes over the company! 
Hatred and bitterness blazed in Yancy’s eyes as she thought of the humiliation Sebastian had caused them.
###Chapter 584
Chapter 584
“We need to get back all the Hayes Corporation’s shares that we have lost.” 
The housekeeper was astonished. “But… do you think that’s still possible, Mrs. Tsurka?” 
“Of course it is. I’ll get anything I set my mind on. There’s nothing I cannot get.” A sinister smile played on Yancy’s lips as she concocted a plan in her heart. 
The housekeeper thought for a bit and nodded. 
It was true that Yancy always got her hands on whatever she wanted, but she was facing an unformidable enemy this time. 
Although the housekeeper knew full well what Yancy was capable of, the recent encounter with Sebastian really unnerved her. 
She doubted if Yancy would succeed in getting back what was due to Solomon. 
Despite her hesitation, the housekeeper did not express her thoughts. After all, Yancy did get Solomon out unscathed this time. 
Meanwhile, Akiko had been waiting on the other side all this while. 
It was not until Yancy finished talking to the housekeeper and came in that someone summoned her to go over. 
“Come in, Akiko.” 
She hurried in with the tray in her hands. 
“Mrs. Tsurka.”
Yancy sat down on the sofa as she slowly picked up the teacup to take a sip. She glanced at Akiko and put the cup back down. “How are you? Are you still sad because of what happened to your siblings?” 
Akiko dropped to her knees, shaking her head. 
“No, Mrs. Tsurka. I’m not.” 
“You’re not? It’s normal to feel sad after losing your loved ones. To be honest, I’m really sorry for their loss. Both of them had served me for a long time. I know they died because of me, and I can assure you that I’m no less exasperated than you are.” 
Yancy knew just what she needed to say to play with the young girl’s emotions. 
True enough, Akiko was touched to hear her words. 
“Thank you, Mrs. Tsurka.” 
“You have nothing to thank me for. On the contrary, I owe everything to you. I will see to it that their deaths are avenged, but I will need your help to do that.” 
“I’ll do anything for you, Mrs. Tsurka.” 
The innocent girl was all ready to pledge service to Yancy. 
Yancy was satisfied with her answer. 
She asked the housekeeper to bring over a new ID she had prepared for Akiko. 
“You will infiltrate the Hayes with this new identity.” 
“You want me to be a spy?” Akiko’s eyes widened in fear. She was still an inexperienced girl in all regards.
A flicker of detest shone in Yancy’s eyes. 
Useless. 
She’s no way close to Ken and Hanako. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t ask you to do anything dangerous. I just need you to keep an eye out for what’s happening. You can also help Solomon with some of the things he needs to do.” 
Now that Yancy mentioned Solomon, the young girl looked up at her with expectation. 
“Really? I can do that?” 
“Of course, you can. You probably know that he still can’t get over that woman. You can fill him in on what she’s up to if you go over. Solomon will be happy to know how she’s doing.” 
Akiko’s face became pale. 
But there’s nothing for me in it. 
This is not how I want to help him. 
“I know what you’re thinking. I promise you Solomon will take you as his mistress after our plan comes to fruition. You know he only has eyes for that woman, so being his kept woman should be good enough for you.” 
Yancy pointed out the cold hard truth. 
Akiko fell into silence. 
His mistress?
It was true that the law in Jetroina regarded marriage as a civil affair that only allowed monogamous unions, but it was still a common practice among influential families that a man had many wives. 
As for Akiko, she was well aware that given her social status and how Solomon regarded her, she was in no way qualified to be his wife. 
Since this was the case, she should be satisfied with just being his concubine. This was the best she could have, so Akiko conceded. 
She requested to see him one last time before she left, but Yancy was reluctant. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, just let her do that. She’ll feel more assured of the deal you proposed,” the housekeeper whispered in Yancy’s ears. 
Yancy grunted and finally nodded begrudgingly. 
Back at Avenport, Sasha was busy with work. 
Ever since she took over Wells International, she finally gained the approval of the people at the operational department. People started accepting the decisions she made. 
They entrusted her to handle all the big and small matters in the company. 
“Ms. Wand, now that the manager is gone, should we recruit a new person?” 
“Sure,” Sasha replied briefly without even looking at the secretary. 
She was busy going through a proposal. 
Although she was the owner of the company and cutting costs would be to her advantage, she was generous when it came to hiring the best talents. After all, a company would not be able to perform when it was understaffed.
After getting the green light from Sasha, the secretary notified the Human Resource Department. 
They quickly got to work and interviewed a few candidates. 
Since Sasha had no time to filter through the candidates on her own, she passed the job over to one of the supervisors before going upstairs to meet the president.
###Chapter 585
Chapter 585
“Good morning, Ms. Wand.” 
“Please have a seat, Ms. Wand.” 
“Are there any prospective projects you’re working on, Ms. Wand?” 
The executives started greeting her the moment they saw her in the meeting room. They were not as friendly when she first came to the company. 
At first, they had their guards up against her because she was Sebastian’s wife, but things had changed. 
She had proven her capability after the incident with Wells International. 
Sasha smiled courteously and waved the file in her hands. “I’ve just landed on a big client.” 
Wow! 
A big client? 
Everyone’s face lit up and they gathered around Sasha, wanting to take a look at the file. 
When Sebastian came with his laptop in his hand, he was dismayed by the sight. 
He used to be the center of attention, but this time around, everyone was so caught up with Sasha they could not take their eyes off her. 
Sebastian looked at all the male colleagues smiling at Sasha as if they were trying to please her. 
Behind him, Luke could sense a storm coming. 
He kicked the door and raised his voice. “What’s with the fuss? We’re starting the meeting now.”
Everyone scrambled back to their seats the moment they saw Sebastian at the door. 
He swept his gaze across the room and walked in before sitting down on the chair. 
He was in a foul mood. Just as he was about to give them a stern warning, Sasha looked at him with her eyes full of gentleness, and his anger was instantly appeased. 
“Shall we begin?” 
After the meeting, Sebastian called Sasha over to his office to talk to her, but before they could discuss anything, he pressed her against the table, scrutinizing her. 
“Mr. Hayes… we’re at the company. Watch what you’re doing.” 
“Watch what I’m doing? You should say that to yourself. What were you doing with all the guys back there? Have you totally forgotten about me?” 
Sebastian drilled his gaze through her as he locked his hands around her. 
Sasha knew the best thing she could do was give in. “I’m sorry, Darling. Please forgive me.” 
“Who’s your darling, huh?” Sebastian got testy. 
“Sorry, Sebby.” 
Sensing things would get out of hand, Sasha knew she had to back down. She circled her arms around his neck and shot him a smile. 
“Why are you so angry? What’s so bad about people liking your wife. It means I’m capable. I did this for the company and for you too.” 
She softened her voice and spoke tenderly to him.
Her smile roused Sebastian. He dipped his head, looking at her attentively. She was not someone who usually made a compromise, but when she did, she would still look charming. A shade of pink manifested on her cheeks and her eyes curved in a crescent shape. Sebastian simply found her irresistible. 
Gosh, she is the end of me. 
Sebastian could not hold back anymore. He pressed his lips against hers and kissed her. 
When Sasha went back to the operational department an hour later, everyone was busy looking for her. 
“Where were you, Ms. Wand? We were looking for you.” 
Jenny was entirely clueless about what Sasha was up to. She failed to spot Sasha’s pink cheeks and fired a question right when she saw her. 
Sasha evaded her gaze. 
“What is it?” 
“Oh, Mr. Anderson interviewed a few people. Here are their resumes.” 
The secretary passed Sasha a folder containing a few documents. 
Sasha took a cursory glance as she flipped through. 
Since they were hiring a manager for the department, they needed someone with good work experience. It would be perfect if that person were well-versed in investing and had a keen sense on the market trend.
Sasha almost settled for a middle-aged man called Felix Carden as she went through the resumes, but another younger female candidate caught her eyes. 
“Jamie Crawford? Tell me about her. What does Gregg see in her?” 
“Well, he said she graduated from a prestigious school. She’s a fresh graduate, but Mr. Miller highly recommends her.” 
After some hesitation, Jenny decided to just tell Sasha the real reason why Jamie was on the list. 
Mr. Miller? 
Which Mr. Miller? 
“Who’s what?” Sasha asked. 
“Peter Miller! I heard she’s his relative. Mr. Miller didn’t make the request on his own. He asked her to just come over. I think he’s trying to keep this low profile.” 
Sasha said no more. She picked up a pen and put a tick on Jamie and Felix’s resumes. 
Since Peter recommended Jamie, Sasha felt obliged. 
She would not mind an extra pair of hands on the deck. 
Sasha got off work early that evening. She even went to pack some food before going home. 
“Mommy, Aunt Sabrina said she wouldn’t be taking care of us anymore starting tomorrow.” 
“Huh? Why?” 
Sasha was taken by surprise when Matteo told her the news.
###Chapter 586
Chapter 586
“What happened? Did you guys make her angry again?” 
“We didn’t! We are good kids. She said she’s not a nanny and she doesn’t want to take care of us anymore. She wants to live her life as she likes.” 
Sasha wondered if Sabrina really said that, but from the looks of it, Matteo was not lying. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Sasha had earlier on told Sebastian that Sabrina was still young and talented. Sebastian should not ask her to stay at home to look after their kids. 
However, Sebastian was still worried about his sister as the toxins in her body had not completely cleared yet. Hence, Sebastian did not want her to go out. 
Besides, with Sebastian and Sasha working at the company, they needed someone at home to take care of the triplets and Frieda. 
Sasha decided to talk to Sabrina, but before she could even discuss things with her, Sabrina was all ready to leave. 
When Sasha arrived in her room, Sabrina was packing her bags. 
“What are you doing, Sha? Where are you going?” 
Sasha was getting anxious. She ran over to snatch the luggage from Sabrina. 
Sabrina shot up in a fit, throwing the clothes in her hands away. She dashed over and pushed Sasha away. “Stop meddling with my life. I really need to get out. I’m so bored in here.” 
“Where are you going? It’s almost Christmas!”
“I don’t care. Don’t you dare stop me, Sasha. You should just live your own life and stay out of mine.” 
With that said, she started packing her stuff again. 
Sasha was speechless. She was just about to call Sebastian when the luggage in her hand slipped and opened in half. Everything fell out. 
“What’s this?” 
Sasha caught a glimpse of a picture of a man. 
Sabrina’s face hardened and she grabbed the photo back. Sasha was shocked when Sabrina pushed her away forcefully, hugging the picture as if it was a precious item to her. 
“What’s wrong with you, Sasha Wand? Don’t you even touch my things!” 
“Well, I didn’t. I was just picking it up for you.” 
Sasha was disconcerted. 
Before she could get back to her senses, Sabrina had already chased her out of the room and shut the door tight behind her. 
Sasha had no choice but to leave. 
When Sebastian got home at seven in the evening, Sasha darted over and filled him in on everything that happened. She also told him about the photo she saw. 
“A man?” 
Sebastian was alarmed.
He was fully aware of what was Sabrina thinking. Devin came looking for him once, and when Sabrina saw him, she fell for him. 
She had no idea who he really was, but she fell head over heels for him. 
Sabrina was not aware that although she was from the Hayes, Devin was still way out of her league. 
When Sebastian found out about it, he hurried over to her room without even having dinner. 
“I’m going all out this time. I don’t care anymore. I’ll go after the love of my life.” 
Sebastian had just arrived when he heard Sabrina talking over the phone with her friend. 
Sebastian took a deep breath trying to abate his anger. 
He booted the door opened without even knocking. 
Sabrina whipped her head around in surprise. A frown carved on her brows the moment she saw Sebastian. 
She ended the call and shouted, “What do you think you’re doing, Sebastian Hayes? 
“Where are you going?” 
Sebastian was doing everything he could to contain his fury. He eyed her coldly as he interrogated her. 
“I… I’m not going anywhere. I just want to go on a vacation.” 
“A vacation? With a man?” 
Sebastian asked her blatantly.
He saw the luggage Sasha mentioned from the corner of his eyes and kicked it open. 
The things inside fell out and Sebastian immediately saw Devin’s photo. 
“You’re going to him?” 
Sebastian enunciated every word coldly and clearly as he pointed at the photo. 
Sabrina felt a chill down her spine. 
Although she was still older than Sebastian by three years, she often felt helpless and scared every time Sebastian got furious. In fact, she was more afraid of Sebastian than of Frederick. 
“Why can’t I look for him…” 
“Do you know who he is?” 
“He’s your friend. Your good friend. What’s wrong with me liking him? Are you embarrassed because I fell for your friend, or do you think I’m not worthy of him?” 
Sabrina finally braced herself to speak up against Sebastian. She had tears welling up in her eyes when she finally said her piece to Sebastian. 
He was caught off guard. This was the first time Sabrina stood up against him.
###Chapter 587
Chapter 587
What’s wrong with her? 
Sebastian never once felt ashamed because Sabrina fell in love with Devin. He would readily support her if it were Jake or Shawn, but not Devin. 
“Are you crazy, Sabrina? Do you even know who Devin is?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Have you ever thought about who he really is? He managed to get me a spot at the General Hospital in Jadeborough when dad was in a critical condition. He could even ask the doctor to come over to the press conference to be a witness. He could even force Sinch Enterprise to cough up all our company’s shares they had acquired. Have you never ever wondered who he is?” 
Sebastian bombarded her with a litany of questions. 
Even if Sebastian was a magnate in the business world, there was only this much he could do. 
He did not command so much power so as to do whatever he wanted—not like Devin. 
Sabrina felt her legs giving way. 
She slumped to the chair and asked weakly, “Who is he?” 
Sebastian smiled at her sadly. “He’s beyond your league. He’s from a military family in Jadeborough.” 
He paused and looked at his sister before continuing, “I might be rich, but wealth and power are two completely different things. His family is like royalty. They are so powerful they are only answerable to one person in the whole country. Do you think a businessman’s daughter is a good match for someone like him?”
Sabrina fell into utter silence. 
There were dejection and sorrow in her eyes. 
“But he saved me once…” she mumbled. 
“What did you say?” 
Sebastian did not hear her clearly. 
Crash! When Sebastian heard a loud noise from the outside, he rushed out of the room frantically. 
Sasha was coming over with a bowl of soup on a tray and she overheard their conversation. She was dumbstruck when she found out about Sebastian and Devin’s friendship. She was so stupefied the things in her hands slipped. 
“Darling! Are you okay?” 
Sebastian looked at her all over to see if there were any scratches. 
Devin Jadeson? 
So Sebastian knows the Jadesons? 
Sasha felt like she was struck by a thunderbolt. 
In the end, Sabrina stayed back. 
She locked herself in her room and refused to see anyone for a good whole day. 
Sasha applied for leave at work just to keep an eye on her. She told Sebastian that Sabrina needed someone to take care of her.
Sebastian agreed and went to the company on his own. 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief when Sebastian left. Instead of going over to Sabrina’s, she spent the whole day outside the sitting area, thinking about her next course of action. 
What should I do now? 
I can’t believe he is a friend with one of the Jadesons. How did I not know about this at all? 
This is just like a ticking bomb. I need to do something to make sure this bomb never explodes. 
Gosh! This is driving me crazy! 
“Sasha, I didn’t know you’re here.” 
Frieda was holding a bunch of plum roses in her hands when she greeted Sasha. Her hair looked disheveled as she ran over. 
“Yes, Mom? Is there anything I can do for you?” 
“Flowers! They are pretty!” The old lady gave her some roses, smiling at her like a child. 
Sasha looked at her and felt like crying all of a sudden. 
Yancy said that Sebastian ended up under Frederick’s care because the Jadesons refused to acknowledge Frieda and the child she was carrying back then. They even wanted to kill the baby. 
Although the patriarch relented eventually, the thought itself was telling of what they could do to Sebastian.
There was no place for this mother and son in that family. This woman before her very eyes was a taint to the family. A military family like them would not tolerate someone like her. 
When Shin died, Frieda had destroyed the hope of the entire family. 
This sin was unforgivable to them and nothing she did would ever atone for her mistake. 
Would they spare Sebastian and Frieda if they knew they were still alive? Sasha knew just how easy it was for that family to wipe Sebastian and Frieda out, not to mention now that Sebastian had had a family of his own. 
They would uproot the whole family. 
Sasha’s heart wrung at the thought. 
“Mom, do you like Shin?” 
“Shin?” Frieda’s eyes sparkled at the mention of this name. 
“Yeah! I give him flowers. He likes them too.” 
She stood up and ran off speedily. 
Sasha looked at the sick woman as she ran away. Before long, she made up her mind and stood up in determination, walking toward Sabrina’s room.
###Chapter 588
Chapter 588
When Sebastian got home at night, the home was already in a ruckus. 
Sasha stood before him with her head low and looked pale as if she was ready to get a good round of scolding from him. 
“What happened?” 
“Please don’t be angry at Madam, Mr. Hayes. Ms. Sabrina insisted on leaving. There’s nothing we could do to stop her.” 
Wendy came to Sasha’s defense when she realized things were going out of control. 
Sebastian was incensed. He almost flipped the whole table upside down when he found out about it. 
“Does she want to get herself killed?” 
When Sasha saw Sebastian had gone berserk, she quickly came over and held him. 
“Are you okay, Sebby? I’m so sorry. It’s all my fault. I should’ve stopped her,” Sasha kept apologizing. 
“This is not your fault. You stand no chance against her if she wants to leave.” 
Sebastian knew this very well. 
He was enraged because Sabrina was being intractable. He had already told her clearly about the gravity of the situation, yet she insisted on going her way. 
Is she that stupid? 
Sebastian was so infuriated he did not even have dinner.
Sasha came over and spoke slowly to Sebastion when she saw this. “Sebby, it’s not a bad thing altogether if you think about it.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“She’ll know she really stands no chance when she experiences it for herself. She won’t understand unless she has gone through it herself. She will learn her lesson the hard way.” 
Sasha looked at Sebastian carefully as she chose the right words. 
As she expected, Sebastian felt better after hearing her words. 
“I’m not against her loving Devin. I just don’t want her to get herself hurt. You know what that family is capable of…” 
Sasha was hoping Sebastian could elaborate further, but he did not. 
“Are they really that powerful?” 
“I heard from Devin that his uncle fell in love with a commoner many years ago. The whole family was so shaken up they refused to take his remains back even after he had died for so many years. God knows what they did to the girl. They must have gotten rid of her.” 
Sebastian lay down in bed and narrated everything with pain and resignation in his voice. 
Sasha stared at him quietly. 
So his dad did not even get to go back home even in his death. 
They are so heartless. He’s their son. Do they really have to be so cruel just because he brought shame to the family?
What will they do to Sebastian if they found out he’s actually Shin’s son? 
Fear gripped her as her though wandered. 
Sasha was terrified. Her body quivered uncontrollably as if death was tightening its grip around her throat. 
Sasha felt breathless all of a sudden. 
“Are you okay, Darling?” 
Sebastian sat up and looked at her worriedly. 
Sasha flung herself on him and hugged him tightly. “Sebby, promise me we’ll grow old together? We should steer clear of their way and never cross paths with them. 
Did I scare her? 
Ha. There’s no way we will ever come across this family. 
Sebastian did not give it much thought. He thought Sasha was petrified because of what he told her about the Jadesons. 
He hugged her back and assured her, “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of Sabrina. I am quite close to Devin, so I’ll give him a call and ask him to sort this out.” 
Sasha nodded and finally fell asleep peacefully. 
Sebastian gave Devin a call the moment he reached the company the next day, but before he could say anything, Devin beat him to it.
“What’s going on, Sebastian?” he asked begrudgingly, “Why did you ask your sister to come all the way to the army camp to look for me?” 
“What?” Devin’s forthright question made Sebastian uncomfortable. “I didn’t ask her to go over. She sneaked out and went over on her own. That’s why I’m calling.” 
“Then, you should have been more careful. You know what the army camp is like. Now everyone here knows about her coming in and getting on my bed. Don’t get me wrong. I don’t really mind what she’s doing, but you’ll have to think about your family’s reputation.” 
Devin sounded harsh on the phone. He was probably still upset over what happened. 
Likewise, Sebastian was seething with anger upon hearing Devin’s remarks. 
He ended the call and slammed his phone against the table. 
“Get in here, Luke!” The assistant, who had been waiting outside for several minutes, jumped when his boss shouted from his office at the top of his lung. 
He rushed in without losing a moment. 
“Go and get her out of that place! I want that shameless piece of trash back here right this instance!” 
Sebastian was shouting so loud the whole office was shaken, but his rage was understandable. 
No one would be able to take this kind of embarrassment, especially someone as influential and powerful as Sebastian. 
Devin’s words slapped him hard in the face.
###Chapter 589
Chapter 589
Sasha breathed a sigh of relief when she found out about what happened. 
Now that the two had a fallout, she no longer needed to worry about them getting too close. 
“Ms. Wand, this is the proposal Mr. Anderson asked me to bring over.” 
A young lady came over with a whole stack of documents in her hand just as Sasha was working in her office. 
Mr. Anderson? 
Sasha read through the proposal and nodded in approval. 
“Did you put this together?” 
“Yes, I did. Mr. Anderson said you already have enough on your plate, so he asked me to finalize the proposal before letting you have a look. It will help to save you a lot of time.” 
The young lady who was talking looked beautiful and well-educated. Her demeanor and bearing put people around her at ease too. 
Sasha browsed through the proposal and felt the woman did an impeccable job. She had a good impression on her. 
“Good job. I heard you just graduated. I’m sure you’ll learn a lot of things under Mr. Anderson. Let me know if you need guidance on anything.” 
“Sure. Thanks, Ms. Wand.” 
Jamie was on cloud nine when she received a compliment from Sasha.
She stepped forward to pick up the other documents that Sasha had already perused. She took a quick but careful look at Sasha when she bent over. 
She’s really pretty. 
Well, she doesn’t look dashing and breathtaking at the first sight, but her complexion is good. Her features look perfect and her oval-shaped face is beautiful too. 
Jamie’s fingers pressed hard against the stack of documents she was holding. She had to admit that Sasha had the most alluring eyes she had ever seen. Her almond-shaped eyes were so clear and bright as if she could see through simply anyone’s soul. 
Jamie recalled how her sister died. Hanako almost got her hands on this flawless face. 
“Is there anything else I can do for you?” 
Sasha was quick to realize there was something weird about Jamie. She looked up at her impatiently. 
Jamie jerked and quickly apologized before heading out. 
Sasha dismissed her unusual behavior and dived into work until noon. She was still thinking about making lunch for Sebastian when she got a text. 
Then, she received a message from Sebastian. ”You don’t have to make me lunch today, Darling. I’m going out.” 
Sasha was disappointed. ”Alright. I’ll just order take away then.” 
A notification lit up on her phone right after. 
“You need to watch your diet. I’ll ask Luke to get you something.”
Sasha wondered since when Sebastian became so naggy. Why is he treating me like I’m his child? 
The door was pushed open just as Sasha wanted to reply the message. 
It was Jamie. 
“Ms. Wand, do you need me to buy you something for lunch?” 
“I’m fine. You just go ahead.” 
Jamie went out and got something for Sasha anyway. Just when Luke called Sasha to go upstairs for lunch, Jamie went back to Sasha’s office. 
“Ms. Wand, I got you something for lunch. I’m not sure what you like, so I got you some pasta.” 
She came in and put the lunchbox on the table as she spoke timidly. 
Sasha thanked her and took the food upstairs. 
Luke was appalled when he saw the food Sasha brought. He had ordered a lot of food for her. 
“Are you having cafeteria food, Madam? You can’t take food from that place. You’re the president’s wife.” 
Sasha shrugged nonchalantly and handed him the lunchbox before sitting down at the table. 
“The new girl at the office got me this. It’s really kind of her to do that. I don’t want to let her down.” 
“I see.” 
Luke was relieved to hear that.
Sebastian had already told him explicitly that Sasha should not mix and mingle too much with the employees. 
Sebastian did not want Sasha going to the cafeteria to eat, but Luke had to say the new employee was very tactful. 
She knew how to get on her employer’s good side. 
Luke looked at the lunchbox and decided to eat it himself. 
Meanwhile, Jamie had just sent two pictures over to Yancy. 
The first was a picture of the proposal. 
The other was a photo of Sasha. There was still someone around in the office when Jamie came by to take a picture of her secretly.
###Chapter 590
Chapter 590
The picture was taken when Sasha was texting Sebastian. Although it was shot through a transparent glass, her face was still clearly visible. 
Despite Jamie’s updates, Yancy did not seem satisfied with what she did. “What’s the use of sending me all these photos?” 
Yancy took a look at the first picture, grumbling away. 
“Calm down, Mrs. Tsurka. She’s still new. She’ll get her hands on something more significant soon. We should be patient with her. We can just give her more specific tasks next time,” the housekeeper said. 
Yancy nodded briefly, but her eyes squinted the moment she saw the second photo. 
“I have to say this photo is well-taken.” 
“Let me have a look.” 
The housekeeper came closer and looked at the photo. 
This was the same girl they had locked up at their place last time, but she looked much better in this picture. She was like a flower blossoming under the summer sun. 
Her beauty could even leave any other woman in awe. 
After some time, Yancy scoffed. “Heather really did pass down some good genes to her daughter, didn’t she?” 
The housekeep dared not breathe a word. 
She took another glance at the photo and locked the phone.
“What should we do next, Mrs. Tsurka? Should we send Mr. Solomon this? He didn’t know we sent someone over to Hayes Corporation. Will he be pissed if he finds out?” 
“Pissed?” Yancy broke out in a laugh. “I’m sending him pictures of the woman he loves. He has nothing to complain about.” 
With that said, she forwarded the photo to Solomon. 
As she anticipated, Solomon called her from Terrandya the moment he saw the photo. 
“What are you up to this time? Where did you get this photo from?” 
“Spare me those questions. You don’t need to know how I got it. I know you’re happy to see her. You don’t have to thank me for that.” 
Yancy completely disregarded Solomon’s anger. She talked to him casually while the servants massaged her. 
Her attitude piqued Solomon. “I’m warning you. You’d better not do anything to her. I won’t let you off if anything happens to her.” 
Solomon was neither glad nor thankful to his mother when he saw the message. 
Instead, he was worried. 
Yancy sat up in rage when she heard him. 
“Are you even my son, Solomon George? I asked someone to get a picture of her just because I think you’ll like it. What kind of a person do you take me for? A psychopath?” 
“Ha…” Instead of replying to her question, Solomon simply smirked.
The housekeeper could tell from Yancy’s face that she was about to lash out, so she hurried over to coax her. “Come on, Mrs. Tsurka. You’ve always been the bigger person. Your son knows nothing. This is just how he is. I’m sure he’s actually smiling looking at the woman’s photo.” 
“Alright. I won’t do this if you don’t want me to, but you’ll have to get out of that broken hotel and go back to work.” 
“Why must I listen to you?” Solomon was brazenly honest with her. 
A menacing smile broke out on Yancy’s face. 
“Well, you can choose not to listen to me, but bear in mind what will happen to you once the court convicts Sinch Enterprise of all the charges Hayes Corporation has pressed on you. You’re a real Hayes, but you’ll end up being the biggest joke in the world. Everyone will take you for a bast*rd.” 
There was silence from the other side. 
“You could’ve had it all, Solomon. All these are meant to be yours. The woman you love is sleeping in the arms of another man right now. Will you just let it be?” 
“Shut the f*ck up!” 
A deafening outburst came from the other side. 
Solomon was shaking in anger. His eyes looked red and bulged out in fury. At that moment, he felt like choking Yancy and ripping her to pieces. 
Never had he loathed his mother with such intense hatred. 
Yancy chuckled and hung up.
Ultimately, she was still the one who knew her son the best. 
Don’t try to be cool, my son. 
I can read you like an open book. 
I know what your heart longs for and what you fear. 
There’s no way you can win against me. 
Yancy lay back down leisurely. “Send a message to Akiko and ask her to keep an eye out for Hayes Corporation’s court case against Sinch Enterprise. Ask her to report back to me the moment she finds anything.” 
“Yes, Mrs. Tsurka.” 
“By the way, ask her to take more pictures of Sasha. It’ll be best if Sebastian is there too.” 
Yancy rolled her eyes while devising an evil plan. 
Although the housekeeper had spent many years of service around Yancy, her scheming nature still made her shudder.
###Chapter 591
Chapter 591
The reason Yancy sent Akiko to Hayes Corporation was not so much for gaining insider information about the company. Rather, it was just to stoke Solomon to anger. 
She wanted to make him her pawn again and undo all her past embarrassment. 
Solomon was not the real reason why she was putting up a long fight. It was for herself—her own revenge. She had to crush those people under her feet. 
So this is her real motivation. 
The housekeeper finally understood Yancy’s plan and manipulation. It set her off in trepidation. 
Over on the other side, Sasha finally managed to have a breather in the afternoon. 
She had completed most of her work and there was nothing much left to do, so she got ready to go home. 
She had been so occupied lately she did not manage to spend much time with her children. She did not even get to visit her father after he was released from prison. 
Sasha packed her things and made a call. 
“Hey.” 
“I’m sorry, Madam. Mr. Hayes is still not back yet.” 
Luke knew who she was looking for, so he immediately told her everything. 
He’s still not back yet? 
Who is he meeting? A big client? I haven’t seen him the whole day.
Sasha did not spell her questions. She hung up and left alone. She swung by the market to get some fruits before dropping by the Wand residence. 
“Dad!” 
“Sasha! What brings you here? You’re not working today?” 
Rufus was elated when he saw his daughter. He ran out from the living room to welcome her with a wide smile on his face. 
Sasha walked in and put the fruits on the table. 
“I’m not that busy today as most of the things are almost settled already. What have you been doing these days? Where’s Lennie?” 
Sasha was looking around for Lance, but she saw no sign of him. Instead, she saw two cups of drinks on the table. 
“Did someone come by?” 
“Oh, Uncle Jackson came by in the afternoon. I asked him to stay back for lunch, but he said he didn’t like my cooking, so he went back already.” 
Sasha looked at her father as he spoke. Time had left its mark on Rufus and it broke Sasha’s heart to see him aged. 
Although he was already out of prison, Heather was already gone. Only Rufus and Lance were staying in this house now. She could imagine how difficult things must have been for both of them. 
Guilt budded in her heart. 
“Dad, what about I move back in?”
“What nonsense. Why are you coming back? You’re already married, so you should just stay at the Hayes Residence. Frederick is already gone, so Sebastian is the only pillar of the family now. You should stay by his side to support him, instead of coming over to do household chores.” 
Rufus was not amused when he heard Sasha’s proposal. 
Sasha dropped the topic and proceeded to make dinner. The father and daughter chatted about each of their lives and Rufus was curious about how Sebastian had been doing. 
Sasha’s countenance fell the moment he mentioned Sebastian. 
“Dad… Sebastian has no idea about his real family…” 
“What?” 
Rufus’ hand froze as he held the vegetables. “He doesn’t know about it? I thought he’s already found his mom?” 
“Yeah, but he still doesn’t know Frederick is not his dad.” 
“Are you serious?” 
“Yeah, Dad. Frederick did not tell him anything because he didn’t want Sebastian to go look for the Jadesons. As for that family, I’m sure you know they can go to great lengths to preserve their honor. Frieda was already pregnant back then, yet they refused to show any mercy on her. I don’t think they will spare Sebastian if they found out about him.” 
Sasha opened up to Rufus and told him her deepest fear. 
Rufus kept quiet pondering on the matter.
“What you said is true. The Jadesons won’t let him off the hook. I saw it with my own eyes how Shin went against his family. They even pointed guns at each other.” 
Sasha was petrified upon hearing that. 
What? They even pointed guns at each other? No way! 
She felt a chill running down her body. 
“We should keep this secret from Sebastian and the Jadesons. Do you hear me?” 
“Alright.” 
Rufus nodded solemnly. 
With that, Sasha let out a sigh of relief. 
At that moment, there were only three people who knew about this secret—Sasha, Rufus, and Yancy. 
Yancy was the one who was difficult to deal with. Sasha would have to take deliberated actions. 
Now that Rufus had promised to keep this secret, Sasha would need to deal with Devin next. He had always been close to Sebastian, so she would need to take care of this ticking timebomb.
###Chapter 592
Chapter 592
Sasha could finally prepare dinner in peace, but her peace of mind was transient. 
She still had to deal with Devin. 
Little did she know, that man was actually with Sebastian right now. 
“I’m sorry, Sebastian. I let my emotions get the better of me earlier on. I shouldn’t have said that.” 
Sebastian came all the way from Avenport to the army camp after talking to Devin. He felt guilty when he saw Sebastian. 
With that, things went back to normal. 
After all, they were good friends. 
Devin and Jake met Sebastian when they were in Sumanthova. Back then, Sebastian had not yet inherited Hayes Corporation. 
Devin and Jake were there on a mission when they went to Sumanthova. Although Devin was already well-trained by then, he almost got himself and Jake killed. 
They could have died if not for Sebastian. 
Even back then when they first met, Sebastian looked like a cold and apathetic person, yet he got all three of them safely away from the killers with his wits and wisdom. 
That was their first encounter. From then on, they became good friends. 
After they got back to the country, Shawn tagged along with the group. 
“Where is she?”
As usual, Sebastian was in a bad mood. He did not even look at Devin. 
He scanned the military camp, looking for the culprit. 
Devin was about to say something when he saw a frown spread across Sebastian’s brows. 
“Sabrina Hayes! You jump over that wall and I’ll feed you to the dogs!” Sebastian yelled. 
Devin trailed his gaze and looked back. 
He had locked her up earlier on because he knew Sebastian would come, but it seemed like Sabrina had fled the room and was about to jump over the wall to sneak off. 
Seriously. I can’t deal with these two. 
Devin had no choice but to open the gate. 
Sebastian dashed in and grabbed Sabrina by the collar. 
“Ah! Sebastian Hayes! What are you doing?” Sabrina cried out when she fell to the ground. She glared at her brother and scolded him. 
Before she could say any further, Sebastian stamped a loud hard slap on her face. 
“Ouch!” 
Sabrina curled up against the wall in fear, covering her face. 
Devin came over and stopped Sebastian from beating her up. 
“Hey, Sebastian, calm down. She didn’t cause any trouble for me at all. Just forgive her this once. She knew she did something wrong.”
“You want me to forgive her?” 
Sebastian was like an enraged beast now. “Do you know why I came here on my own? I knew none of my men would be able to drag this mad woman home. That’s why I came all the way here and you want me to forgive her?” 
Sebastian had totally lost it. 
After hanging up the phone in the morning, Sebastian had asked Luke to make arrangements to get Sabrina back, but Luke got back to him saying none of his men could even go close to Sabrina. 
She drove them all away. 
There was no way Sebastian would go easy on her after everything she did. 
With that said, Sebastian wanted to slap her again. 
Sabrina could not take it anymore. She screamed at the top of her voice and told the truth. “Why are you hitting me? Sasha’s the one who came up with the idea!” 
“What? Sasha?” 
Both Sebastian and Devin were dumbfounded. Devin found it particularly hard to believe. 
Are you serious? Sasha was the one behind this? 
That is impossible. She’s always been a smart and polite woman. There’s no way she will come up with such an idea. 
“You’d better not lie to me. Did she really suggest this to you?” Sebastian asked.
Sabrina realized she had blundered. She panicked and did not say another word. 
This made Sebastian even angrier. 
He was under the impression that Sabrina was lying just to get away from punishment. 
“Fine. I see you’ve got some guts to lie in my face now. You should really get a taste of my wrath. Do you want me to send you away again?” 
“What?” 
Sabrina was on the verge of spilling everything. She sunk to the ground like a deflated balloon and started yelling. 
“I didn’t do it! I’m not lying! She really asked me to come here. She said it will be too late for anyone to separate us once I get pregnant. That’s really what she said.” 
Sabrina finally told the truth. 
Sebastian was stunned. 
No one dared speak another word.
###Chapter 593
Chapter 593
Sasha asked her to sleep with Devin? 
Sebastian could not believe Sasha said this. His wife who grew up in a strict upbringing. 
Oh my god! What the he*l is wrong with Sasha? 
Now that Sebastian really thought about it, he realized things were unusual that night when he talked to Sabrina. Sasha appeared out of nowhere and the bowl of soup in her hand just dropped like that. 
His heart skipped a beat trying to put all the dots together. 
That was really weird. She doesn’t usually drop things as she’s always very careful. 
A foreboding feeling crept in Sebastian heart. 
“What else did she say to you?” 
“She gave me Devin’s address and I ran here.” 
Sabrina laid everything bare and said no more. I am sorry, Sasha… 
Given the situation, it was definitely wiser to betray Sasha and apologize to her later than to face Sebastian’s fury. 
Sebastian did not take this well. 
Neither did Devin. 
He was a high-ranking officer in the army. He was always on the move and his whereabouts were never certain. They would send him elsewhere whenever there was a need, but it seemed like Sasha knew full well where he was.
How did she even know that I’m here? 
“It seems like there is a lot we don’t know about her. She even knows where I am.” 
Devin was disturbed, but he did not get all serious with Sebastian. 
Sebastian raised his brows thinking things through. 
“How long have you known her?” he asked Devin. 
“I’ve never seen her before until you introduced us.” 
So they don’t know each other, yet she knows so much about him. 
What is going on? 
Does Sasha really want to ship Sabrina and Devin? 
That’s impossible. There are a lot of other ways to get them together. She doesn’t have to do this. She clearly knows this will make things bad between Devin and me. 
Wait. She knew this would hurt our friendship. 
Sebastian seemed to have figured out something from the way he looked at Devin. 
“What is it? What do you have in mind?” Devin asked. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes and kept quiet. He went and dragged Sabrina over. 
“I’ll get back to you once I’ve got to the bottom of this.” With that said, Sebastian left with Sabrina. 
They got in the car and sped off as Devin watched them.
Who exactly did Sebastian marry? 
Before Devin could dwell on this question, a soldier ran in with an urgent report. “Major Devin, the General called. He wants to talk to you.” 
“Talk to me?” 
“Yes. It seems to be about what happened to Commander Shin then. Someone recently found the woman he married. The General was furious when he heard that. He wanted you to look into this.” 
This soldier had been with the family for a long time. He knew most of the things about the family. 
Uncle Shin? 
Devin was taken aback as he was really shocked… 
Over on the other side, Sasha had just finished having dinner with Rufus. It was already eight o’clock at night when she got back to the Hayes Residence. 
Initially, she wanted to go and check on the children after she reached home, but she heard someone crying and slamming the door. 
She knew something was wrong. 
What’s going on? 
Is that Sabrina crying? I thought I let her out yesterday? 
Sasha had a premonition that something grave was about to take place. Before she could even turn around, a voice made her jump.
“Where do you think you’re going, Sasha Wand?” 
His voice made her quiver in fear. She froze where she was. 
From Sebastian’s voice, she knew she was done for. 
Oh lord, that’s the end of me… 
Sasha mustered her courage and turned toward him. 
“I’m not going anywhere. You are back,” she said with a smile. 
“Don’t give me that face. I have some burning questions I need to ask you. Get the he*l upstairs!” 
Sebastian saw through her tricks and asked to stop putting up a front. He walked upstairs and Sasha followed quietly behind. 
Why is he so fierce… 
Sasha’s hands and feet ran cold as she followed him closely. 
Did something happen? 
And Sabrina… why is she back? Don’t tell me Sebastian went to look for her today. 
Sasha sucked a breath of cold air. She almost tripped over the doorsill because her head was all over. 
Sebastian sensed her movement and grabbed her just in time before she fell. 
“Why? Are you frightened? I haven’t even started questioning you.” 
Do you have to call me out like this?
You should at least let me prepare myself. My heart won’t be able to take the pressure. 
Sasha felt like she was going crazy.
###Chapter 594
Chapter 594
“Huh…what? What did you say? Me? Panic? I merely tripped. What is wrong with you?” she asked as she looked at Sebastian with pleading eyes, hoping he would let her off. 
To her surprise, this fail-proof trick had failed her this time. The man grabbed her by the collar and slammed her into the wall and forced her to stand still. 
“That won’t work on me. So, let me ask you one more time. Was it your idea for Sabrina to approach Devin?” 
“Yes…” 
Sasha saw no way out of this situation and admitted it. 
Anger instantly filled Sebastian when he noticed Sasha nodding her head. He was so mad, he almost fainted. 
“Are you crazy? Why would you teach her that? You have made the Hayes family a laughing stock because of your stupid idea!” 
“But she likes Devin. What’s wrong with having a crush on someone? She can make the first move if she wants to!” 
“But that’s the Jadesons!” 
“So? What is done cannot be undone, and it doesn’t matter if they’re the Jadesons!” 
“He*l no! Did you forget what happened to his uncle? His life was ruined all because he wanted to marry an ordinary woman. You’re ruining her life. Besides, do you know that Devin and I can’t be friends anymore if that happens?” He was so pissed he wanted to strangle her.
However, Sasha’s eyes gleamed when he heard those words. 
Why is that? Does that mean my plan is working? 
She instantly felt less guilty when she heard his words. Instead, she was rather pleased that she didn’t hide it. 
“I knew you wanted to break us apart.” 
The man calmed down when he noticed her expression. He became a completely different person and spoke indifferently. 
Sasha was shocked when she saw the change in his expression! 
What is he talking about? 
Her face went pale as the color drained from her face. 
“I was thinking all this while. You’re a smart person, so why would you give Sabrina such an idea? You guys are friends, so why would you want to taint her reputation before she got married?” 
Sasha did not answer as chills went down her spine. 
Oh my god. He’s such a cunning man. Who knew he’d think of such ideas to set me up. 
“Then, I realized what your plan was. You did this to put Devin and my friendship to the test. Consequently, as the heir to the Jadesons, Devin couldn’t marry Sabrina by then. As for me, Sabrina’s brother, you knew I wouldn’t allow this to happen to her.” 
“We would eventually fall out and become enemies. Am I right?” He walked up to her and asked condescendingly.
He stared at her as waves of emotion churned within his heart. He was confused, disappointed, sad, and angry at the same time. 
I don’t understand why would she do that? Why would she want to separate Devin and me? 
Sebastian hovered over her like a tower and stared at her, waiting for an answer. She began to tremble as tears rolled down her cheeks. It didn’t take long before she couldn’t hold it in anymore and decided to spill the beans. 
“Yes, I don’t want you to get too close to him,” she said. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes and asked, “Why? Do you know him?” 
He asked her the same question as he did to Devin in the past. 
However, Sasha shook her head. 
“I don’t. But, I was scared as soon as I heard the things you said about the Jadesons. Besides, when I was imprisoned by Yancy in Japan, she told me stories about the Jadesons. She’s a powerful woman, so she must know the family.” 
She lied to Sebastian as she pulled his sleeve with teary eyes. She did it just to make him believe her. 
Yancy? 
Sebastian’s expression instantly changed when he heard the name. It was as if a wave of realization hit him and everything made sense. 
“So, you were worried that Yancy would gang up with the Jadesons and go against us? Is that why you didn’t want Devin and I to get closer to each other?”
“Yes.” 
She nodded her head as tears continued to roll down her face. 
Sebastian was speechless. 
His heart ached as he saw tears rolling down her face endlessly. 
Forget it, you’re such a fool! 
Sebastian decided to let it slide as he hugged her. He then gently wiped the tears off her cheeks and sighed. 
During nightfall, Sebastian woke up and glanced at Sasha, who was sleeping soundly in his arms. 
He silently grabbed his phone and sent a text. ”Find out the relationship between the Hayes and the Jadesons.”
###Chapter 595
Chapter 595
Although Sasha had successfully dodged a bullet, she was still worried on the next day. 
She dared not act rashly to avoid triggering Sebastian. 
However, she didn’t expect to receive a call from Yancy when she arrived at the office the next day. 
“Sasha, it’s so long since we last met. How have you been?” 
“What do you want?” Sasha asked as she began to tremble out of fear and anger. 
She was fearful too. 
I wonder what does this evil woman want from me this time? 
“Nothing. I just wanted to thank you for letting my son off the last time. I know he would have been in deep trouble if it wasn’t for you,” Yancy replied sweetly. She sounded like she was elderly, speaking to the younger ones. 
Well, of course, Sasha didn’t buy that act of hers. 
However, since she put it this way, Sasha responded coldly, “Don’t mention it. Just don’t forget your promise.” 
“Of course, I won’t. Don’t worry, Sasha. I’m not the kind of person who breaks promises.” Yancy smiled. 
Sasha did not respond and sighed in relief. Yet, before Sasha could hang up, Yancy continued. 
“By the way, I want to ask about the Sinch Enterprise. I wonder what does Hayes Corporation plans to do with it? Would you mind telling me?” 
“How would I know? I’m not in charge of this!” Sasha snapped.
Yancy was not upset by Sasha’s words. Instead, she softened her tone even more. 
“Oh, come on. Don’t be upset! I merely wanted to know how much Sinch Enterprise has lost so I can do some damage control on my end. You should know, Sasha, the Hayes Corporation is supposed to be my son’s business. Hence, I wouldn’t be very pleased if it suffers a great loss.” 
Her heart began to pound like crazy when she heard Yancy’s words as her small face turned as pale as a sheet! 
“You…what exactly do want, Yancy? I warn you, don’t cross the line.” 
“Tsk tsk, why are you saying this again? Didn’t I tell you already? I’m not asking you to do anything else. All I want to know is this, can’t you just give me some leads? Don’t be so uptight,” Yancy said as she guaranteed that she merely wanted to know about the lawsuit between Hayes Corporation and Sinch Enterprise. 
Is that really all she wants to know? 
Sasha didn’t know what to do as her mind was jumbled up. 
“Alright, just wait for my call. I’ll get what you need and contact you soon. Don’t ever call me again.” Sasha agreed to her request and hung up. 
I have no choice to do as asked. If I didn’t, I can’t say for sure what she’d do to me. 
Then, Sasha made a call to the legal department. 
“Hello? I’m Ms. Wand, from the operational department.” 
“Hi, Ms. Wand. What can I help you with?” 
The staff from the legal department became very polite when they knew it was Mrs. Hayes who called.
Sasha paused and pursed her lips before asking, “I would like to know about the progress of the lawsuit against Sinch Enterprise. What’s the status now? “ 
“It’s almost at the conviction stage now. However, it’s taking a little longer than usual as it is an international case. But, we have submitted all of the evidence. According to the regulations of the International Arbitration Law, the trial results are legally valid when one files a lawsuit at the local court where the contract was signed. Therefore, all we need to do now is wait for Sinch Enterprise to send someone to attend the hearing.” 
“What if no one does?” 
“It doesn’t matter. As long as we have solid evidence against Sinch Enterprise, they would still be found guilty even if no one shows up.” 
The staff assumed Sasha was concerned about the case. Thus, the staff from the legal department explained in detail to her. 
Sasha instantly understood the entire situation. 
So this means that the lawsuit is coming to an end. 
Suddenly, she was reminded of Yancy’s words and decided to ask something else. 
“I see. So what happens next if they are found guilty?” 
“The Sinch Enterprise would have to pay compensation that is doubled the amount of fraud he had convicted. Similarly, the person in charge has to bear its legal responsibilities as well. However, this case involves a huge sum of money. So, whoever is responsible would receive two to three years of jail term according to the laws of our country.”
“What?” 
Sasha’s heart dropped when she heard those words. 
She didn’t care if the person in charge had to be sentenced to prison. She was worried about what Yancy had said in the call. She mentioned that she would be upset if the prices were too high to bear. 
What if her mood turn sour, would she then…? 
Sasha panicked. 
Her mind drifted to her thoughts as she lost focus after the phone call. She sat in her office, absent- mindedly, the entire afternoon. 
Her thoughts were still all over the place even during lunchtime. 
“What’s on your mind?” 
Sebastian sat across her as he watched her put a piece of onion in her mouth. He quickly grabbed her fork to stop her.
###Chapter 596
Chapter 596
Sasha paused and looked around before she realized what was going on. 
“It’s…it’s nothing. I was just thinking if Sabrina would talk to me again. She called in this afternoon and gave me a round of hard scolding,” Sasha lied. 
I am so good at lying now… 
Sebastian didn’t doubt her words. Instead, he placed his fork down and handed her a bowl of soup. 
“No, of course not. She won’t hold a grudge on you, silly. Let’s not forget she’s dumber than you are.” 
What is that supposed to mean? Did he really have to say that? 
Sasha waited on him as he finished his food before asking, “So…about you and Devin. Are you guys cool now?” 
“What do you think?” Sebastian asked as he slowly wiped his hands with a napkin and stared at Sasha. 
Sasha’s heart began to pound as a sense of guilty conscience came over her. It was as if she was caught doing something bad. 
“Why are you asking me? It’s your business, anyways.” 
“I know. But, aren’t you the one who warned me not to get close with him? So now I’m asking you, should I distance myself from him?” Sebastian asked seriously. 
Sasha’s mouth gaped wide open in surprise. 
She stared at him like a fool for some time before she asked, “You’d listen to me?” 
“Of course.” Sebastian nodded solemnly.
Sasha gulped and pondered for a moment before she answered. She eyed him cautiously and clenched her teeth and replied, “Yes! I think it’s better that way.” 
Sebastian grinned. “Hmm? Why do I have the feeling that you see him as a monster?” 
“Am I wrong? I just think that you should be more cautious about it. Yancy is the best example, she’s full of tricks! Who knows what sort of dirty tricks she has up her sleeve? Hence, we’d better have our guards up.” 
“Well, if you don’t want to break off your friendship with him, you could also reconcile after you’ve dealt with Sinch Enterprise and Yancy.” 
Sasha was worried Sebastian might be upset. So, she deliberately said it childishly and glanced at him, puppy-eyed. 
“Hmm.” 
The corner of Sebastian’s eyes twitched vigorously! 
What a silly girl! 
He shook his head helplessly as he didn’t believe her words. 
However, I would stop contacting Devin for now if that’s what she wishes. Although she tends to say all sorts of nonsense to me, I know that she wouldn’t harm me. Never ever! 
The couple rested for a short time after lunch before they headed back to work. 
Sebastian immediately drowned himself with his work in the company. 
As for Sasha, she picked up and her phone and sent Yancy a text message as soon as she arrived at her office.
Sasha: Apparently, the case is about to end. Don’t worry about the compensation, it’s nothing you can’t afford. The worst-case scenario would be handing over the shares of the Hayes Corporation that you own alongside some monetary compensation. 
Sasha decided to leave out the part about the legal responsibilities the person in charge would have to face. She didn’t want to anger Yancy. 
However, she was clueless that Yancy had known about the situation the moment Sasha called the legal department to ask. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, I believe Sasha is lying too, right?” 
“Lying? Isn’t that what she always do? Let’s not forget that I know of her dirty little secret. She’d know better than to upset me unless she has a death wish.” 
Yancy was not surprised at Sasha’s behavior. 
Yet, Yancy’s housekeeper was confused. 
Why did she ask her to find out about the lawsuit even though she knew Sasha wouldn’t be honest about it? Wouldn’t Akiko be a better choice for this task? 
“Mrs. Tsurka, so what is the purpose of this…?” 
“It was only the chance for me to contact her once again. Or else, what reason would I have to approach her? I am someone who keeps my promises you know…” 
Yancy was trimming the flower branches in her garden as she laughed so hard her features were distorted. 
A man of his words?
The housekeeper instantly understood her motive as her heart went cold. 
So this was her plan all along, she set Sasha up just to make her lie. Once she does, Mrs. Tsurka would state that Sasha lied to her. Not only would the Hayes Corporation ask Sinch Enterprise for compensation, but Mrs. Tsurka’s son would also have to prison. I’m sure she would be very upset and angry. 
Once that happens, she would have the power to control Sasha once again. 
What a terrible woman she is. I can’t believe she’s so vicious and scheming to such a point… 
“Speaking of which, where are the photos? Have you gotten them?” 
“Yes.” The housekeeper sent Yancy the photos she asked for. 
It was two photos of Sasha working in the company. Yet, the photos of her were much more eye- catching this time. 
For example, the first photo was Sasha discussing work with the staff of her department. She wore an elegant and professional-looking suit paired with light makeup to complete the look. She looked like a leader with a bold personality yet didn’t overshadow her femininity as a woman. 
All in all, she was heartthrob. 
As for the second photo, it was even more interesting. 
It was a photo of Sasha and Sebastian. The couple wasn’t often seen together in public nor do they display public affection to avoid suspicion or gossip. Sasha would always visit Sebastian at his office or they’d meet at the lounge on the top floor.
###Chapter 597
Chapter 597
But, that photo was taken when they started working at the company. 
It was a white misty morning and Sasha got of a black car. Before she could react, a man wrapped her up with a thick jacket to shield her from the cold. The man looked at her lovingly with a shy smile. 
That smile… 
Yancy was jealous of the sight of it, not to mention Solomon. 
I’ve never met a man who could love me the way Sebastian loves Sasha! 
“Mrs. Tsurka?” 
“Okay, send this to him. Oh, do send the documents Akiko sent us to him as well. I hope this would serve as a good wake-up call for him,” Yancy spoke harshly as she went back into trimming. 
A few minutes later, Solomon, who was in Sinch Enterprise, Terrandya, received two files. 
Click 
He opened the first file that revealed two photos. His eyes were instantly glued to the first as he stared at it for a long time. 
Then, he flipped to the next photo that was a photo of Sasha and Sebastian together. His eyes quickly turned red in anger as he clenched his fists so hard that the pencil broke into two. 
However, that was not the only thing that upset him. 
He lost control of his temper when he saw the second document before his eyes when he noticed the title of the document. It stated “2-3 years sentenced” above.
He narrowed his eyes in disbelief as he slid everything off his table to the ground angrily. 
“Mr. George? Is everything alright?” 
The staff rushed in as soon as they heard the noise. 
Yet, as soon as they entered Solomon’s office, they heard Solomon roar loudly, “Get out of my office!” 
I can’t believe the woman of my dreams is now in the arms of another man. As for me, I’m facing a prison sentence. I feel like my life is falling apart! 
Solomon’s eyes were blood red and filled with hatred! 
Sasha was worried sick for the past couple of days. But thankfully, Yancy had yet to contact her ever since. Similarly, there wasn’t anything odd going on in the legal department as well. 
I guess I must be overthinking things. 
She sighed and relaxed at that thought. 
“Mrs. Hayes, Christmas Eve is around the corner. I would like to return home for the holidays. Do you have any plans while I’m gone?” Wendy asked. 
As soon as Sasha had her breakfast, Wendy told her about her plan to return home during Christmas. 
Oh man, she’s usually the one who takes care of the matter in the house. But now that she’s gone for the holidays, I’m going to need an adult to stay home to look after the kids and my insane mother-in- law. 
Well, Sabrina wouldn’t be a good choice of candidate. I guess it’s going to be me then.
Sasha had no choice but to wait for Sebastian to come back in the evening and discuss the matter with him. 
“If something comes up in the company, you could hire someone to replace me,” Sasha suggested. 
As soon as she said, Sebastian, who was laying on top of her thrust harder. 
“Oh…” 
Sasha let out an uncontrollable moan as her toes stretched out. 
“Oh really? It seems like you just want to stay home instead of going to the office, am I right?” Sebastian asked in a low and hoarse voice. He then continued thrusting harder. 
Sasha couldn’t even respond as much as she wanted to. 
She could only grab onto Sebastian helplessly as he continued to make love to her. 
A couple of hours later, the couple lay in each other’s arms, exhausted. 
“Are you happy now? Could you think about my question earlier?” 
“What question?” Sebastian decided to play dumb. 
Sasha was so tired she couldn’t even lift a finger. Yet, she chuckled at his behavior. “Fine then. If you don’t want me to stay home, then hire someone else to replace Wendy.” 
“Hmm, that’s a good idea.” He nodded. 
Oh wow, I didn’t expect him to agree. 
Wendy was taken back.
“My mom’s not in her best condition and the kids are so young. You can’t deal with them on your own. So, I’ve already hired someone else to look after them. However, if you’re still worried, you may ask your dad to come over,” Sebastian explained his plan to Sasha. 
My dad? 
Sasha widened her eyes. “Wait, get my dad here?” 
Sebastian nodded. “It’s almost Christmas. Don’t you want him to be by our side during the festive season? Lance would return home by then too, right? How could you allow your dad to spend Christmas on his own?” 
Sasha was touched as she threw herself into his arms. 
“You’re the best, Sebastian.” 
“We’re a family, you silly girl. But, I do have a question to ask you,” Sebastian suddenly said. 
“Go ahead. What is it?” 
Sasha looked up as her eyes were slightly watery as she was very touched by Sebastian’s arrangements. 
To her surprise, as soon as she said so, she could feel his hand moving around her waist area.
###Chapter 598
Chapter 598
“I just want to ask about this. I’ve tried so hard, but why aren’t my efforts showing any results?” 
He slid his finger down to her stomach and pointed at her lower abdomen. 
Sasha was stunned. 
So he wants to ask about this? 
The light in her eyes dimmed as she lowered her head silently. 
Sebastian was dumbstruck. 
What happened? Why isn’t she saying anything? She doesn’t seem to be in a good mood. Should I have not mentioned this? Is she unwilling to have any more children? 
At that moment, Sebastian regretted saying that. 
“Darling, I…” 
“Sebby, I’m sorry… I might not be able to have children with you anymore. When I gave birth to the three kids, my womb was severely injured. Dr. Kaye said that I won’t be able to get pregnant again.” 
Suddenly, Sasha, who was leaning against his chest, spoke in an extremely guilty tone. 
Still embracing her, Sebastian felt like he had just been struck by lightning. 
She can’t get pregnant anymore? It’s because of me, right? 
All of a sudden, the image of her rolling down the stairs while pregnant resurfaced in his mind. A feeling of extreme guilt immediately engulfed him. 
With a pang of guilt, he raised his hand and slapped himself hard.
Slap! 
“Sebby, what are you doing? Why are you hitting yourself?” 
When Sasha heard that, she immediately lifted her head and stared at him in shock. 
However, as if he could feel no pain, he wanted to keep slapping himself. If it were not for Sasha grabbing his hand, he might have slapped himself again. 
“What are you doing? That happened so many years ago. You don’t have to do this to yourself. I’ve never blamed you either!” 
Sasha was smart enough to read his mind. Hence, she quickly coaxed him with tears glistening in her eyes. 
Sebastian’s eyes were red. After a while, he raised his head and gazed at her. “You really don’t blame me? If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t…” 
“I don’t blame you. It’s true that I hated you back then, but I have gotten over it now. We’ve both been lied to and manipulated by others. That was what led to the tragedy. Also, I heard that you weren’t that cruel. After I supposedly died, you still buried me in a nice spot despite not having any feelings for me. Right?” 
In order to alleviate his feelings of guilt, Sasha deliberately teased him. 
Indeed, an unnatural expression crossed Sebastian’s face. 
“Stop talking about that.” 
“Fine. Let’s not bring up the past anymore. Although we’ve lost some things along the way, what we’ve gained now is much more valuable, right?”
He had to admit that Sasha was a very generous and thoughtful lady. 
Everyone knew how important a woman’s reproductive organ was to them. However, she thought that compared to the things that she had now, everything else was no longer important. 
In the end, Sebastian could not even utter a single word. 
All he could do was to hug her tightly. 
After Sasha fell asleep, he opened his eyes, tucked her into the blankets gently and stood up. 
“Mr. Hayes, our investigation showed that Mr. Hayes Sr. used to be a soldier. His commander was Mr. Jadeson’s uncle.” 
In the middle of the night, Karl stood under the cypress tree and told his boss about what he had found from his investigation over the past two days. 
Does that old man actually share such a relationship with Devin’s uncle? 
Sebastian was surprised. 
“How was their relationship? Were they close?” 
“Someone saw Shin here before. Considering that this is the Hayes Residence, they must be close,” analyzed Karl. 
Sebastian was shocked again. 
When Frederick was still alive, he had never heard him talk about it. 
Furthermore, he also heard another name—Shin Jadeson!
“Mr. Hayes, why did you instruct me to investigate this all of a sudden? Are you planning on letting Ms. Sabrina marry into the Jadeson family?” 
Sebastian gave no response. 
“This can’t do, Mr. Hayes! Although Shin is from the Jadesons family, haven’t you heard what Devin said? He’s an outcast and has been ostracized by the family. Even if you’ve found out that he has a close relationship with Mr. Hayes Sr., the Jadesons might not be willing to acknowledge it.” 
Karl became anxious and started babbling. 
Sebastian’s face looked grim. 
“What nonsense are you spouting? Who said that I’m letting her marry into the Jadeson family? I have instructed you to investigate it because there’s something fishy about it.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“It isn’t a shameful thing to be a soldier, so why didn’t Frederick mention him to me? Also, the Jadesons isn’t any average family. If Devin’s uncle was close to my father, why is he kept in the dark as well? What are the Jadesons hiding?” 
Sebastian was very intelligent. Standing in the dark, he asked the questions that had been constantly on his mind. His gaze was so sharp that no one would dare to meet it.
###Chapter 599
Chapter 599
Karl was stunned. 
For a moment, he still could not figure it out. 
He had never contemplated such questions before. 
“So… what should we do next, Mr. Hayes?” 
“Continue the investigation!” 
Shrouded in the darkness, the man exuded a cold aura as a sharp glint flashed across his eyes. 
Karl immediately disappeared. 
This time, his target was the military camp where Shin was in back then. 
At the same time, Frieda, who was asleep in a room beside the courtyard, suddenly felt something. She opened her eyes abruptly and glanced at the window on her right. 
“Shin!” she exclaimed in delight. 
Since someone was looking after the house, Sasha went to work. 
“Good morning, Ms. Wand.” 
“Good morning.” 
Sasha, who arrived at the office early in the morning, was welcomed by warm greetings from the other staff. Amongst them were some who had initially cast doubts on her abilities. 
Smiling, Sasha nodded at them and headed to her office.
“Ms. Wand, I heard that there’s an abandoned building in Summerbank that’s going to be auctioned. Are you interested in it?” A department manager called Gregg went to her excitedly. 
“An abandoned building?” Sasha, who had just sat down, glanced at him and asked. 
Jamie, the assistant who came with Gregg, immediately passed her the documents related to the abandoned building. 
“Ms. Wand, it’s a project started by a real estate company in Summerbank. They wanted to build a hotel, but something happened to them. Hence, the government decided to auction the building. Please take a look at this! I’ve already collected some data on its surroundings.” 
Jamie was quite capable. The report she had written was extremely detailed. 
After flipping through it, Sasha said, “Not bad. Instead of our company managing it ourselves, we can consider renovating it and turning it into a luxurious department store. Then, we can attract vendors to join us.” 
Gregg was surprised. 
Wow! What a smart woman! 
With that, he left happily to carry out her instructions. 
Jamie was about to leave with him when Sasha suddenly called out to her. 
“Jamie, how are you doing in this company? Have you gotten used to the pace?” 
“I’m fine, Ms. Wand. I think that I can learn a lot of things here. Thank you for allowing me to stay!” A look of gratitude crossed Jamie’s face. 
Sasha smiled.
She thought highly of that girl too. Jamie was meticulous and talented in finance. After some training and time, she would definitely be very accomplished. 
Sasha took two bottles of expensive tonic out from her drawer. 
“These are for you! You’ve lost weight recently. Are you too stressed? Remember to relax and not tire yourself out too much.” 
“Huh?” Jamie could immediately tell that those tonic were extremely expensive. A look of pleasant surprise appeared on her face. 
“No… I can’t accept them!” 
“It’s fine. Since I won’t drink it anymore, it’ll be wasted on me. You should take them instead!” replied Sasha casually. 
It was true that she rarely drank it. Sebastian bought a lot for her after her legs recovered, saying that she needed more nutrients. 
Although she did drink them at the start, she could walk freely now; so she could not be bothered to have them anymore. 
Jamie left gratefully with the two bottles of tonic. 
However, what Sasha did not know was that after Jamie left, she entered the washroom, poured them down the toilet and flushed them away. The expression on her face was icy cold. 
Although they had to serve the same man in the future, Sasha would always be her enemy. Hence, she would never accept her favor. 
Jamie stayed in the toilet and turned her phone on.
Akiko: Mrs. Tsurka, I’ve already won Sasha’s favor. She’s starting to think highly of me now. 
Yancy: Very well. The Sinch Enterprise’s case is going to court soon. Mr. Solomon will go there personally and you can meet him then. 
As a reward to Jamie, Yancy gave her a huge benefit. 
Hence, she was overjoyed. 
Mr. Solomon is coming? This is great! I can finally meet him. God knows how much I miss him during this time! 
Jamie decided to repay Yancy with a greater surprise. 
Sasha was still working in her office, oblivious to what was going on. When she went to have lunch at noon, she suddenly overheard a discussion in the president’s office. 
“No way! Solomon even dares to defend himself?” 
“Yeah! How shameless can he get? Although he’s part of the Hayes family, he dares to sabotage his own father. Isn’t he scared that he’ll be cursed by everyone?” 
“There are no limits to his shamelessness, I guess.” 
Standing at the entrance of the office, Sasha was stunned for a few seconds. 
Solomon is going to defend himself? How did that happen? 
Her mind blanked out and a bad feeling overwhelmed her. 
“Madam, why are you standing here? Are you looking for Mr. Hayes? He’s inside.”
The employees in the president’s office finally saw her. Immediately ended their discussion, they greeted her in a flustered manner.
###Chapter 600
Chapter 600
Sasha was still speechless. 
She stood there for a while before asking, “Where did you hear that from? Why didn’t I hear anything about it downstairs?” 
“Huh?” The rest stuttered, “The… The Legal department called Mr. Scott this morning and we overheard.” 
The Legal department? 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat. 
She knew Solomon well. 
His capabilities as a lawyer should not be underestimated. His logic, debate skills and strategies surpassed many lawyers in the country. 
Hence, she had a bad feeling about this. 
Feeling uneasy, Sasha entered the president’s office. 
“Sasha, what’s wrong? Why do you have such a look on your face?” 
Sebastian, who was working in the office, raised his head when he heard someone enter the office. Noticing that it was Sasha, he was stunned for a while before looking at her pale face. 
Sasha hesitated to speak. 
After a short while, she walked to his desk.
“Sebby, I heard them talking about the Sinch Enterprise’s case outside. They said that the other party is still unwilling to plead guilty and is planning to defend himself?” 
She deliberately avoided mentioning Solomon’s name because she did not want to anger Sebastian. 
He nodded. “Yes. What’s the problem?” 
“Nothing… But do you know who he is? He used to be a lawyer, so I’m scared…” Sasha spoke hesitatingly, not daring to make it too obvious. 
Sebastian put his pen down. 
It was true that he disliked it when she mentioned Solomon’s name. 
However, from how she was deliberately avoiding his name, he already knew that she did not mean anything else when she brought him up now. 
“There’s nothing to worry about. The Hayes Corporation’s Legal department is quite formidable.” 
“I see…” 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing that. 
“Then, I’m going to cook now. What do you want to eat today, Sebby?” She flashed a smile at him. Within a second, her initial worry was replaced with joy. She was so dazzlingly beautiful that Sebastian fell into a momentary daze. 
“Anything’s fine. I’ll eat whatever that you cook.” 
His tone became suggestive when he said the last sentence. Without hiding his gaze, he checked out Sasha’s curvaceous figure that was outlined by her office attire.
Sasha was speechless. 
What’s wrong with him? What is he thinking about in broad daylight? 
Blushing, she hurried out of the office and went to the penthouse suite to cook. 
She would never expect that something major was happening in the Hayes residence that afternoon. 
After Sebastian suggested it that night, Rufus was brought to the Hayes Residence the next morning. 
“You’re here, Grandpa!” 
“Grandpa!” 
When the three kids saw their grandfather, they were delighted. They dashed out and surrounded Rufus. 
When Rufus saw his lively and adorable grandchildren, he was naturally very happy too. However, when he entered, Frieda caught sight of him in the courtyard. 
Suddenly, she stood there fixedly as if she were a statue 
“Frieda?” 
Sabrina was there with her. When she noticed Frieda’s unnatural reaction, she called out to her. 
Frieda trembled. 
“Argh!” 
Suddenly, she stared at Rufus with wide eyes and shrieked out loud. It had been some time since she became agitated, but she was now clutching her head and running away.
“No! It’s not like that! It’s not like that!” 
Within a few seconds, she ran upstairs while mumbling after her breath. As if she had seen something terrifying, she scurried into her room and hid there. 
Sabrina was stunned. 
For a few seconds, she stood there in shock as she watched the scene unfold. 
Is that madwoman acting up again? 
Rufus’ expression changed too. 
Naturally, he recognized Frieda. The reason why she managed to save her life was all because of Frederick and him. One went to save her and her son, while the other went to inform Shin. 
Furthermore, they were both there after Frieda and Shin got together. 
What’s wrong with her now? Did seeing me remind her of those sad and terrifying events? 
Rufus stood there and thought about it for a while before walking forward. 
Sabrina asked, “What are you doing? She’s acting up now, so you must be careful not to get hurt.” 
He smiled. “I won’t. I’ll go up and take a look.” 
Then, he walked toward the direction which Frieda had fled toward earlier. 
When he reached the room, he saw Frieda hugging her head and curling up into a ball. Hiding at the foot of the bed, she trembled uncontrollably and mumbled under her breath. 
“Frieda?”
When Rufus saw that, he could not help but feel sad. 
He had never expected such a beautiful woman like her to end up like this. 
Sasha was still speechless. 
She stood there for a while before asking, “Where did you hear that from? Why didn’t I hear anything about it downstairs?” 
“Huh?” The rest stuttered, “The… The Legal department called Mr. Scott this morning and we overheard.” 
The Legal department? 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat. 
She knew Solomon well. 
His capabilities as a lawyer should not be underestimated. His logic, debate skills and strategies surpassed many lawyers in the country. 
Hence, she had a bad feeling about this. 
Feeling uneasy, Sasha entered the president’s office. 
“Sasha, what’s wrong? Why do you have such a look on your face?” 
Sebastian, who was working in the office, raised his head when he heard someone enter the office. Noticing that it was Sasha, he was stunned for a while before looking at her pale face. 
Sasha hesitated to speak.
After a short while, she walked to his desk. 
“Sebby, I heard them talking about the Sinch Enterprise’s case outside. They said that the other party is still unwilling to plead guilty and is planning to defend himself?” 
She deliberately avoided mentioning Solomon’s name because she did not want to anger Sebastian. 
He nodded. “Yes. What’s the problem?” 
“Nothing… But do you know who he is? He used to be a lawyer, so I’m scared…” Sasha spoke hesitatingly, not daring to make it too obvious. 
Sebastian put his pen down. 
It was true that he disliked it when she mentioned Solomon’s name. 
However, from how she was deliberately avoiding his name, he already knew that she did not mean anything else when she brought him up now. 
“There’s nothing to worry about. The Hayes Corporation’s Legal department is quite formidable.” 
“I see…” 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing that. 
“Then, I’m going to cook now. What do you want to eat today, Sebby?” She flashed a smile at him. Within a second, her initial worry was replaced with joy. She was so dazzlingly beautiful that Sebastian fell into a momentary daze. 
“Anything’s fine. I’ll eat whatever that you cook.”
His tone became suggestive when he said the last sentence. Without hiding his gaze, he checked out Sasha’s curvaceous figure that was outlined by her office attire. 
Sasha was speechless. 
What’s wrong with him? What is he thinking about in broad daylight? 
Blushing, she hurried out of the office and went to the penthouse suite to cook. 
She would never expect that something major was happening in the Hayes residence that afternoon. 
After Sebastian suggested it that night, Rufus was brought to the Hayes Residence the next morning. 
“You’re here, Grandpa!” 
“Grandpa!” 
When the three kids saw their grandfather, they were delighted. They dashed out and surrounded Rufus. 
When Rufus saw his lively and adorable grandchildren, he was naturally very happy too. However, when he entered, Frieda caught sight of him in the courtyard. 
Suddenly, she stood there fixedly as if she were a statue 
“Frieda?” 
Sabrina was there with her. When she noticed Frieda’s unnatural reaction, she called out to her. 
Frieda trembled. 
“Argh!”
Suddenly, she stared at Rufus with wide eyes and shrieked out loud. It had been some time since she became agitated, but she was now clutching her head and running away. 
“No! It’s not like that! It’s not like that!” 
Within a few seconds, she ran upstairs while mumbling after her breath. As if she had seen something terrifying, she scurried into her room and hid there. 
Sabrina was stunned. 
For a few seconds, she stood there in shock as she watched the scene unfold. 
Is that madwoman acting up again? 
Rufus’ expression changed too. 
Naturally, he recognized Frieda. The reason why she managed to save her life was all because of Frederick and him. One went to save her and her son, while the other went to inform Shin. 
Furthermore, they were both there after Frieda and Shin got together. 
What’s wrong with her now? Did seeing me remind her of those sad and terrifying events? 
Rufus stood there and thought about it for a while before walking forward. 
Sabrina asked, “What are you doing? She’s acting up now, so you must be careful not to get hurt.” 
He smiled. “I won’t. I’ll go up and take a look.” 
Then, he walked toward the direction which Frieda had fled toward earlier.
When he reached the room, he saw Frieda hugging her head and curling up into a ball. Hiding at the foot of the bed, she trembled uncontrollably and mumbled under her breath. 
“Frieda?” 
When Rufus saw that, he could not help but feel sad. 
He had never expected such a beautiful woman like her to end up like this.
###Chapter 601
Chapter 601
After failing to inform Shin, he returned to Avenport and discovered that Frieda and her son had gone missing. Frederick told him that he did not manage to save them. 
When Rufus heard that, he was so furious that he scolded Frederick harshly. 
As he had no other choice, he could only accept this unfortunate outcome and return home with his newly-wed wife, Heather. 
No one would have expected that Frederick actually deceived him. Actually, he had already saved Frieda and her son. In order to protect them, he even raised the child as his own. 
As for Frieda, he kept her in the basement secretly for more than twenty years. 
Tears welled up in Rufus’ eyes. 
To avoid scaring her, he deliberately stayed far away and squatted down in front of her carefully. 
“Frieda, I know that you’ve recognized me. I’m sorry that I didn’t protect you and your son back then. If I had informed Shin in time, this wouldn’t have happened to you.” 
Shin? 
This name caused Frieda, who had been living in a constant nightmare, to slowly regain her rationality. 
“Shin… He’ll be here to pick us up…” She finally released her hands and revealed her eyes. Fear still lingered in them as she stared at Rufus with hope in her eyes. 
Rufus felt a pang of pain in his heart when he saw her gaze. 
As expected, she had been triggered by him.
That night, according to the plan he had devised with Frederick, he hid the then-pregnant Frieda at a safe place first so the Jadesons would not find her. 
He only went to look for Shin afterward. 
However, looking at how she was now, he really did not dare to imagine what she had gone through that night. 
She even became crazy overnight! 
“Yeah, he’ll pick you up. I went to look for him and he instructed me to tell you that he’ll definitely pick you up.” After saying that, Rufus took out something. 
It was a military medal that was not given by the national army, but by an international organization. 
The medal was bronze, with two laurels surrounding the globe in the middle. Carved on the top were the words, For World Peace. 
It was a medal of peace that was owned by Shin! 
When Frieda saw it, she trembled. Pouncing over, she snatched the medal away, clutched it to her chest and burst into tears. 
“This is his medal…. He’s not a bad guy… Not a bad guy…” 
Her miserable wails echoed in the room. No matter who heard it, they would definitely be moved and cry along with her. 
Indeed, Shin was not a bad guy. 
He simply persisted with his ambitions and followed his faith.
Furthermore, he merely opposed his family and chose to walk his own path. How can a hero, who had been awarded an international peace medal, be slandered so horribly? 
Even his family did not have the right to do so! 
Suppressing his sorrow, Rufus walked over slowly. “Yeah, you’re right. He’s not a bad guy, nor did you harm him. He chose this path himself, so you mustn’t feel guilty or blame yourself, okay?” 
He was smart enough to guess that Shin’s death alone might not be sufficient enough for her to have a complete mental breakdown, especially since she still had a child to care for. 
There must be another more unbearable reason that led to her complete breakdown. 
It might be because the Jadesons made her the scapegoat who was responsible for destroying Shin. 
When he said that, Frieda, who was crying her heart out, started calming down gradually. The look of agony on her face faded. 
“Are you telling the truth? I… I didn’t sabotage him?” 
“No! He chose this path, and he is also a hero. How can he be sabotaged by you? Frieda, please remember that Commander Shin had never said that you’d sabotaged him.” 
Rufus walked to her and told her that solemnly, emphasizing every single word. 
Frieda was silent for a while before crying again. 
This time, more tears streamed down her cheeks. 
However, Rufus knew that her tears now were tears of joy, because she had finally broken free from the invisible shackles.
“I’m not crying… I… I have given him Sebby. Our Sebby has already grown up! He’ll be overjoyed…” 
Still sobbing, she suddenly spoke and mentioned Sebastian. 
Rufus smiled. “Yes. You’re so capable that you have bored such an exceptional son for Shin. He’ll be so happy that he’d be laughing in his sleep.” 
“Yeah!” 
She nodded firmly before breaking into a smile. 
Sabrina was still waiting for them downstairs. Why is Rufus talking to a madwoman? He must be out of his mind too! 
Is there something wrong with him as well, just like Frieda? 
Frowning, she glanced upward. 
Surprisingly, after she waited in the courtyard for a while, she saw Rufus walking out of the room with Frieda following him. 
###Chapter 602
Chapter 602
“Shall we go downstairs and have something to eat?” 
“Okay. I want to eat with Sebby.” 
Frieda was holding a plushie in her hand, and her eyes were still swollen. 
She was unexpectedly docile that Sabrina couldn’t believe her eyes. 
Both of them made their way downstairs to the dining room, and the maid had already laid the table with scrumptious breakfast. Not only did Frieda sit quietly at the table, but she was also willing to sit next to Rufus. 
That’s rather odd. 
“I think she likes you, Grandpa. See, she’s even sitting next to you. She used to sit next to Vivi.” 
Matteo widened his eyes as he stared incredulously at the sight in front of him. 
After hearing what her brother said, Vivian felt terribly upset and pouted. 
Grandma doesn’t like me anymore! 
Seeing the children’s reactions, Rufus had an exasperated look on his face. 
“You guys, don’t be angry. She’s sitting next to me because I promised to take her out to have some fun in the afternoon.” 
“Really?”
Upon hearing that, the children instantly jumped in excitement. 
“I want to go too, Grandpa. You have to bring us along with you.” 
“That’s right, Grandpa. How can you not bring your darling grandchildren with you?” 
Vivian was the most direct of them all. As soon as she put down her fork, she climbed down the chair with the support of her chubby little arms and legs. Then, she went over to Rufus and clung onto him as she pouted. 
Rufus was unable to resist the children. 
At that moment, he decided to bring the three little ones, together with Frieda, out for a spin in the afternoon. 
Sabrina, who was watching from the side, scoffed, “Are you sure you’ll be able to handle all of them by yourself, Rufus?” 
Rufus evaded the question and said, “Why don’t you come with us too?” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless. 
Da*n! 
Why am I dragged into this? 
Finally, it was afternoon. Sabrina and Rufus gathered the three children and the deranged Frieda for a day out. 
However, for safety reasons, they decided not to go far. Instead, they went to a park nearby. 
“I wanna go on the slide.”
“I wanna play in the sandbox.” 
“Alright, go ahead.” 
Once they arrived at the park, the children dashed towards the playground. Ian, who wasn’t the playful kind, tagged along with his younger brother to the playground. 
Sabrina went over to the playground to watch the children play as she wasn’t keen on keeping a watchful eye on Frieda. 
Upon seeing that, Rufus decided to take Frieda to a fish pond not far away. 
“Frieda, let’s take a walk over there.” 
“Okay.” 
At that time, Frieda was obedient and pliant. Without making a fuss, she clutched the plushie to her chest and followed Rufus to the fish pond. 
There wasn’t much to see in the fish pond during winter. The lotus in the middle of the pond had already withered, and there was nothing left but a single withered lotus leaf. On the other hand, this made it easier to see the carps in the pond. 
“Do you want to feed the fish?” 
“Yes!” 
Frieda, who was still lost in her own fortress of insanity, couldn’t hold back her excitement and beamed happily the second she heard that she could feed the fish. 
Thus, Rufus went and bought two packets of fish food and handed them to her.
While they were feeding the fish, a man who was watching them a few feet away, saw Frieda exhibiting childish behaviors. 
“Is she your family, mister?” the man asked curiously. 
“Yes.” 
Rufus answered as he glanced at the young man. 
The man was stunned, and he had a look of deep respect and admiration for Rufus. “You’re so kind. Is she sick? I see that you’re treating her like a child.” 
“It’s nothing. I just took her out for a walk.” 
Rufus was a little embarrassed at the young man’s remark. 
But it was all thanks to Frederick. Although Frieda had been kept in the basement for many years, it was said that the basement was luxuriously furnished and well-ventilated. 
Moreover, other than her loss of sanity, Frieda was in good physical condition. 
Therefore, it was evident that she was well taken care of by Frederick in the past two decades. 
As a consequence, he was a little embarrassed when the young man thought that he was being humble. At that moment, he shifted his gaze away from the man to watch Frieda, who was still feeding the fish. 
“From the looks of it, I can see why you treated her so well. I’m sure she was a beautiful woman when she was younger. Truth be told, she’s still attractive for her age.” 
“Well…” 
Rufus didn’t know what to say in response to that.
Frieda was indeed a beautiful woman in her younger days. Otherwise, Shin would not have fallen in love with her at first sight. 
Moreover, not only did she not come across as vain and materialistic, but she was simple-minded as well. 
Back then, in the Hayes family, her sister Margaret was so jealous of her after seeing that she was more beautiful than her. Hence, Margaret wanted to marry her off to someone from a wealthy family. 
However, she did not fancy any one of them. 
She believed that she was not an item to be traded off, and she did not need to marry someone in exchange for a lifetime of wealth. 
It’s such a pity that her life was destroyed because of Shin. 
Rufus thought to himself repugnantly. 
Click. 
###Chapter 603
Chapter 603
No one would have thought the young man before him would whip out his phone and snap a picture of Frieda while she was playing by the fish pond. 
“What are you doing? Why did you take a picture of her?” 
Rufus was a little furious and requested the man to delete the photo. 
But the man explained with a smile, “Look at how happy she is. That’s why I can’t help but take a picture of her. You don’t find that many old and loving couples nowadays anymore.” 
Rufus was rendered speechless. 
Whatever. I’m done talking to him. 
In the end, Rufus ignored him completely. Once Frieda was done feeding the fish, he took her and headed to the playground to look for the children and Sabrina. 
Two hours later, after a jolly good time at the park, they left and made their way home. 
But no one would have thought that they would be hit by a car from behind on their way back home. 
Bam! 
Rufus, who was sitting at the back with the children, threw his arms around the children and protected their bodies from the force of the crash. 
The impact of the collision sent Sabrina slamming her chest against the steering wheel.
For a long time, her mind was blank, and her ears buzzed. 
Who the heck is the reckless driver? 
She cursed under her breath. 
Her muddled brain slowly became clearheaded. After a while, she struggled to get up from her seat and was about to open the door to see what was going on. 
And suddenly, she realized that the back door of her car was wide open. 
“What happened? Why is the back door open?” 
“What?” 
At that moment, Rufus was beginning to recollect himself. When he heard Sabrina’s question, he turned and looked at the back door. 
Strange. The car door is really open. 
What was even scarier was that he realized Frieda, who had been sitting near the door was missing. Her seat was empty. 
Oh gosh! Where is she? 
His face turned pale. He quickly climbed out of the car and came to the front seat before asking, “Where’s Frieda? Where did she go?” 
“Huh?” Sabrina was gape-mouthed, and for several seconds she was at a complete loss. 
Oh no, where is she? 
At that moment, a shiver ran down Sabrina’s spine.
Meanwhile, back at Hayes Corporation. When the news reached Sebastian, he was still in the middle of a meeting. He asked frantically when he heard the shocking news, “What did you say? Say it again?” 
Luke immediately handed over the phone to Sebastian. 
“Hello? Sebastian, listen to me. I… We didn’t mean for this to happen, but we were hit by a car from behind. And before we knew it, your mother was gone.” 
Sabrina, who rarely panicked, could be heard sobbing over the phone when she relayed the message. 
Sebastian’s eyes widened in shock. 
He stood up so fast that his chair fell over with a thud. With a grim expression on his face, he strode out of the meeting room. 
Those who were in the meeting room were left speechless. 
What on earth happened? How could something so frightening happen all of a sudden? 
Ten minutes later, Sebastian arrived at the scene. 
As soon as Sebastian arrived, he emitted an air of murderous aura that made everyone at the scene felt uncomfortable. Even the policemen held their breaths in his presence. 
“I’m sorry, Sebastian. This is all my fault. This wouldn’t happen if I did not take your mother out for some fresh air.” 
When Rufus saw Sebastian coming, he hurried over and hastened to apologize. 
Although Sebastian was fuming, he stopped his father-in-law from saying any more. 
“This has nothing to do with you. Has this been investigated?”
“Yes. After checking the dashcam footage, we found out that after we were hit from behind, someone opened the car door in the midst of the chaos and kidnapped your mother.” 
Rufus quickly updated him on the findings of the investigation. 
He was the one who prompted the police to investigate by watching the footage. After all, he knew about these things since he was once the owner of a large company. 
Kidnapped? 
After hearing that word, Sebastian’s expression turned grimmer than ever. 
“Who did this? Don’t they know who you are?” 
“It’s not possible for them not to know. Your sister was in the car, wasn’t she? And I believe everyone in Avenport knows about her identity. Besides, everyone knows that this is your family car.” 
Rufus pointed to the car’s license plate. 
Sebastian went silent after hearing that. Then, he approached the policemen with hostility. 
“Who did this?” 
“We’ve already checked the footage, Mr. Hayes. That man was wearing a mask and a helmet, and that makes it impossible for us to identify him. Please give us more time to look into this case.” 
The police stammered as he explained to Sebastian and requested the latter to give them more time to investigate. 
A bunch of useless pricks!
Sebastian refused to believe that heap of rubbish the police were feeding him. He turned and left after he took the surveillance footage from them. 
###Chapter 604
Chapter 604
Has Frieda been kidnapped? 
He was really shocked. 
My mother is old and mentally unsound. What’s the point of kidnapping her? For ransom? 
But I’ve never told anyone she’s my mother. 
Besides, his triplets were more valuable than Frieda if the kidnappers were after his money. 
Sebastian watched the video in his office with a dangerous glint in his eyes. 
Shawn: “Sebastian, I think Frieda’s kidnapper might very well be a soldier.” 
A pop-up message notification from Shawn suddenly showed up on his computer screen. 
A soldier? 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
Sebastian: What do you mean? 
Shawn: The manner in which he pried your car door open showed his experience. Moreover, the way he kidnapped Frieda shows how skilled he actually is. If I’m not wrong, he must belong to the special forces. 
The special forces? 
Sebastian’s face darkened as his eyes glinted coldly.
A soldier? 
Interesting. This is getting more mysterious by the day. Even the soldiers are getting involved. 
It looks like I’m surrounded by tons of secrets. 
Sasha wasn’t in the office that afternoon. She had headed out to meet up with her client. 
She brought Jamie along with her since her secretary, Jenny, wasn’t feeling well that day. 
“Ms. Wand, your father called just now and said something has happened at home. He wants you to return his call as soon as possible.” 
“What?” 
Sasha, who had just wrapped up the meeting with her client, was shocked when she heard Jamie’s words. 
What happened? 
Sasha quickly pulled out her phone and called Rufus. 
Rufus told her about Frieda’s disappearance the moment he answered the phone. 
“Sasha, I’m calling you to tell you that your mother-in-law suddenly went berserk when I visited her just now. In order to calm her down, I gave her a medal of peace given to me by Shin years ago. What if the person recognizes the medal and finds out who she is? What do I do? We will be in big trouble, right?” 
Rufus’ voice was full of guilt and regret. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
She nearly blacked out for a moment.
What was he thinking? How could he give her something so important at a time like this? Doesn’t he know that she might be killed because of that? 
Sasha felt like she was about to go insane. 
She decided to head back home since she could no longer focus on work. 
Jamie quickly went after her. “Ms. Wand, is something going on? Do you need my help?” 
“What?” 
It was then that Sasha realized that Jamie was still around. “It’s nothing. I have something going on at home. Right, Jamie, I’ll leave everything here in your good hands for now since Jenny is sick.” 
She was so anxious about Frieda that she couldn’t care less about work at the moment. 
Jamie was pleasantly surprised. “All right, Ms. Wand. Don’t worry. I will take care of things around here.” 
Sasha waved her hand and left in a hurry. 
A few minutes after Sasha left, Jamie pulled her phone out and made a call to Jetroina. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, I think something has happened. After Sasha received a phone call from her father, she rushed out in a hurry.” 
“What’s going on?” asked Yancy as she admired her freshly manicured fingernails. 
Yancy was enjoying her tea in Jetroina as they spoke. 
Jamie tried to recall the snippets of conversation that she had overheard. 
“It sounded like someone is missing.”
“A missing person?” Yancy raised a brow and asked, “Who’s that?” 
“I didn’t quite catch it. But, she looked extremely worried. I also heard her mention something about a medal.” 
I’m impressed. This girl sure has good hearing. 
Yancy pondered on what she had just heard. 
Suddenly, it was as if she recalled something, and her eyes lit up! 
“Is it Frieda who has gone missing? Oh, great! Hahaha! Even God is on my side. My plan is about to come to fruition.” 
Yancy burst out in hysterical laughter all of a sudden. 
Jamie had no inkling what was going on, but hearing Yancy’s laughter, she knew it must be good news. Hence, she felt very happy as well. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, w-will Mr. Solomon be coming tomorrow?” 
“Of course, you will be able to see him tomorrow. Remember the video that showed your brother coercing Frederick to sign the transfer? Have you found the original copy yet?” 
The question popped up unexpectedly. 
“N-No, I heard that the original copy has been submitted to the court…” Jamie started to panic and falter. 
###Chapter 605
Chapter 605
“Court?” 
Yancy got furious when she heard that. “Do you think I am a three-year-old child? Sebastian would never give the original video to them! 
Jamie was stumped. 
Her face had gone pale. 
It was a drastic change in Yancy’s attitude. Earlier on, Yancy had been praising Jamie, and now, she was disgusted with her. She sounded disappointed with Jamie. 
“You can’t even handle something as trivial as this. How can I count on you? When you were taking those photographs, you sure know how to send the ones that would agitate my son. Do you think that if you make him hate that woman, you can be his wife officially?” 
Those cruel, mean words hit the nail on the head. 
It was as if someone had given Jamie a tight slap across the face. She did not know what to say. 
“Mrs. Tsurka, I-” 
“Enough. That’s all, you useless girl.” With that, Yancy hung up the phone. 
Jamie was stunned. 
Tears rolled down her cheeks.
Meanwhile, Sasha arrived at the Wand residence. 
By the time she got back, the whole house was in complete chaos. Everyone had been dispatched to locate Frieda except for the three children who were waiting in the yard. They looked a little terrified and uneasy. 
In fact, they did not even make a single sound. 
“Matteo, Vivi, Little Ian, what are all of you doing here? Where’s Grandpa?” 
Sasha was heartbroken seeing them like that. She ran over to them and got down on her knees. 
“Mommy…” 
When the frightened children saw their mom finally come home, they rushed over and hugged her. 
All Sasha could do was to hold them tightly. 
“It’s all right. I know. Don’t worry. We’ll find your grandma, okay?” 
“Is it true, Mommy?” 
“Mommy, I have something to tell you. It’s not Grandpa and Aunt Sabrina’s fault. When it happened, Grandpa was protecting me, and Aunt Sabrina was injured. They had no time to take care of Grandma. That’s why she was being taken away by the bad guys.” 
Matteo was worried that Sasha might blame Rufus and Sabrina, so he explained the situation. 
Ian was silent, but his expression was identical to that of his brother. Sasha believed that he must feel the same way too.
She felt upset and guilty at the same time. Sasha reached out to caress their faces and reassured them, “I understand. There’s nothing to worry about. We won’t blame them, and neither will Daddy.” 
It was only then the children felt relieved. 
After that, Sasha took the children inside and went to find out more about the situation. 
Deep down in her heart, she was really worried seeing that they had yet to obtain any news of Frieda. 
Just then, she received a phone call. 
“Sasha, sorry to disturb you again.” 
Hearing Yancy’s voice annoyed Sasha so much that she felt like smashing her phone on the ground. 
In truth, she was prepared to do that. 
In the nick of time, Yancy started talking again. “Please don’t smash your phone. Relax. I’m not calling to cause you any trouble. I’m just concerned. Frieda is missing, isn’t she?” 
Sasha was shocked. 
She was about to end the call when she heard that. 
How does this woman know about this? 
The kidnapping has just happened earlier that afternoon, and I only knew about it an hour ago. How then can she find out even when she is in Jetroina? 
Is it possible that she has been spying on me? 
Sasha was furious. “How dare you spy on me!”
Yancy was taken aback. 
A moment later, she smiled and said, “What are you talking about? You’re such a silly girl. Why would I need to spy on you? I heard the news from a friend, and that’s why I call you.” 
“Which friend?” 
“Don’t worry about that. I just want to know if you have found her. Do you know who has taken her away?” asked Yancy casually. 
Obviously, Sasha had no intention of sharing any information with her. 
“Why would I tell you anything?” 
“You don’t want to tell me or you have nothing to tell me? People like you won’t be able to find out much about the Jadesons and their tactics.” 
It was a shock for Sasha to hear Yancy mention the family name that scared her deeply. 
Sasha’s mind buzzed. 
The Jadesons? 
Did she mention the Jadesons? 
She felt like fainting and started to tremble all over. 
“W-Why did you mention the Jadesons? Do you know anything about this?” 
Yancy shook her head truthfully. 
“I don’t know. I’m just making a wild guess. Think about it. Who in this world will be interested in that crazy old woman? Furthermore, there is something you are not aware of. A few days ago, the Jadesons
has ordered their current successor, Devin to investigate Shin. Why do you think the Jadesons want him to look into this again?” 
Sasha felt a chill up her spine. 
Intense fear washed over her. How would this woman know about the secret of the Jadesons? 
###Chapter 606
Chapter 606
It’ll be terrible if the Jadesons are the ones who abducted Frieda. 
If they find out that Frieda, who’s supposed to have been executed, is still alive, the consequences will be dire. 
Not to mention Sebastian will also be dragged into this quagmire once the Jadesons discover that Frieda’s child is alive and well. 
Sasha had a distressed look on her face. 
She didn’t think that the Jadesons would be so bold as to abduct Frieda right under her nose. 
“Do you know where they took her?” Sasha reluctantly queried. 
Yancy let out a chuckle before responding, “Sasha, who do you think I am? How would I know where she’s been taken to?” 
“That being said, if you really want to know her whereabouts, I can help you locate her. Hell, I can even help you rescue her if you want me to.” 
“Really?” 
Sasha was enraptured after hearing Yancy’s statement. She completely forgot what kind of person Yancy really was. 
“Yeah! Just give me about half an hour. I’ll get it done,” Yancy avidly replied before hanging up the phone.
Overjoyed, Sasha was holding onto her phone tightly for quite a while. 
Is she really going to help me? 
I’m sure she is. 
In a quandary, Sasha had no choice but to trust Yancy’s words. 
I absolutely need her help if the Jadesons are really the ones behind this. 
I’ll just need to wait here for half an hour. Even if she’s lying to me, I wouldn’t lose much time anyway. 
Sasha decided to trust Yancy and wait for her. 
As she was waiting for Yancy, Sasha prepared dinner for the children. 
Meanwhile, there still wasn’t any news from Sebastian. 
“Sasha, have you heard from Sebastian yet?” asked Rufus, as soon as he got home. 
Sasha shook her head. “No, not yet. You? Did you find him?” 
“No.” 
Drenched in sweat, Rufus’ face seemed even more distressed. His face was starting to turn pale. 
Frieda’s disappearance was actually Rufus’ fault. If he had been more cautious and aware, he would’ve noticed the malicious intent of the young man who was talking to them. 
Because of that, Rufus was fraught with guilt. 
“Sasha, do you think Sebastian will blame me for what happened to Frieda?”
“No, he won’t.” 
Sasha was quick to give an answer. 
After hearing her response, the vise that had been gripping Rufus’ chest finally loosened a little. He then continued to search for Sebastian. 
Half an hour later, Yancy finally called back. 
“Sasha, the past thirty minutes must’ve felt like a decade for you huh? Well, I’ve got some news for you. The Jadesons are indeed the people who abducted Frieda.” 
Sasha’s face suddenly turned despondent. 
“And?” 
“Oh, there are two more things that you should know about.” 
“Go on.” 
“I’ll start with the bad news first. If Frieda is already in Jadeborough, there won’t be any chance of saving her. But the good news is, I have successfully located her whereabouts. If you want to rescue her now, we might still be able to pull it off,” explained Yancy. 
Sasha’s eyes lit up after hearing Yancy’s words. “Then where is she? When are you going to rescue her?” 
“Sasha, rescuing her from the Jadesons will be a perilous task. If you want me to undertake such a risk, what will I get out of it?” 
“What?”
Sasha didn’t quite understand what Yancy was getting at. 
After letting out a sigh, Yancy added on, “How about this, Sasha? I’ll help you rescue Freida if you help me revoke the lawsuit against Sinch Enterprise.” 
She has finally revealed her true motive! 
Sasha was taciturn and pensive. She grabbed tightly onto the phone and tried her best to remain composed. 
What did I expect? She’s a cunning woman after all. 
She’d never help someone purely out of goodwill. 
Sasha feigned a smile and replied, “So, this is what you’re really after huh?” 
Yancy had a sullen look on her face. 
“This is called helping each other out, Sasha. I genuinely want to help you but I’m also in quite a situation myself. After the Hayes filed a lawsuit against Sinch Enterprise, my son is to be incarcerated in addition to getting fined. This is ridiculous! You didn’t tell me something like this would happen back when I asked you to investigate this matter.” 
Yancy was getting riled up. She was blaming Sasha for deceiving her. 
After hearing Yancy’s words, Sasha was stupefied in place. 
###Chapter 607
Chapter 607
I’ll admit it, I did deceive her. However, I only did it because I wanted to deter her from causing a ruckus. 
Sasha’s face was ashen as she uttered, “I really didn’t know that things would turn out like this. You can’t just pin the blame on me. Besides, I take no part in any of this in the first place.” 
“Are you sure about that? Didn’t you botch the last task that I gave to you?” 
“You…” 
“Don’t get the wrong idea, Sasha. I’m not mad at you or anything like that. I just wish to make a deal with you. Help me revoke the lawsuit against Sinch Enterprise and I’ll help you to rescue Frieda from the Jadesons. It’s a fair deal, don’t you think? In fact, I think I’m the one who’s losing out in this deal.” 
You? Losing out? 
Ha! Don’t make me laugh. There’s no way a crafty woman like you would make a deal that puts you at a disadvantage. 
I’m not going to fall for your tricks again. Just as Sasha was about to hang up the phone, Yancy added on, “Of course, I won’t force you to accept the deal, Sasha. In any case, all your secrets will be exposed once Frieda is in the Jadesons’ hands. And when that happens, your precious lover won’t be breathing for much longer.” 
What a b*tch! How could she say such a thing! 
Sasha was livid.
“Yancy, I’m disappointed at myself for believing your words just now. But I assure you, it won’t ever happen again. Did you really think that I’m jejune enough to keep falling into your traps? If you truly have the ability to rescue Frieda from the Jadesons, You would’ve already secured her. With Frieda in your hands, it’ll be way easier to convince me to accept your deal. You wouldn’t have needed to go through the trouble of calling me,” uttered Sasha in a sarcastic tone. 
Upon hearing Sasha’s response, the smug look on Yancy’s face suddenly disappeared. 
“Sasha, you…” 
Before Yancy could say anything, Sasha cut her off, “No matter what you say, I can’t accept the deal. Even if I do have the authority to revoke the lawsuit against Sinch Enterprise, I won’t do it. I guess you just have to deal with it yourself.” 
Sasha hung up the phone immediately after. 
Brimming with anger, Yancy threw her phone onto the ground. 
“That little wench! How dare she rejects my offer!” 
“Mrs. Tsurka…” 
The housekeeper walked up to Yancy to conciliate her. “Take a deep breath, Mrs. Tsurka. Let’s assess the situation we’re in right now. So if the Jadesons find out that the mother and her child are still alive, we won’t have any bargaining chips against them anymore.” 
“You think I don’t know that? Why do you think I called Sasha?” 
Yancy’s face looked menacing. 
The housekeeper quickly nodded and replied, “I see. However, now that she has seen through our scheme, we only have one option left. Tomorrow will be Mr. Solomon’s court appearance day. We must
prevent him from being sent to prison at all costs.” 
With her teeth clenched, Yancy picked up her phone. 
A while later, Sasha received a message from Yancy. ”Okay, so here’s the deal. I will unequivocally provide you with the location of Frieda by tonight. In the meantime, you help me obtain the videotape of Ken and Frederick signing the share transfer consent form. What do you say?” 
Humph, this cunning old fox doesn’t know when to give up huh? 
Sasha ignored Yancy’s message. 
Not long after, Yancy sent another message to Sasha. ”I know you still have your doubts about me. Don’t worry, once I’ve found out Frieda’s location, I’ll contact you again. If I fail to provide you with her coordinates, you don’t need to give me the videotape.” 
Yancy was getting rather desperate to gain Sasha’s trust. 
Twiddling her thumbs, Sasha was lost in her thoughts. 
After a while, she suddenly picked up her phone and gave out a call. 
“Hello? Is this the legal department? I’m Ms. Wand.” 
“Hello, Ms. Wand. It’s quite late already. Is there something urgent?” 
“Oh, no. I just wanted to ask, are you guys done preparing for tomorrow’s court appearance? I heard that the defendant himself will be the one attending the court appearance.” 
Sasha was very careful with her words as to avoid arousing suspicion.
“Yes. Originally, the one that would be attending tomorrow’s court appearance was the defendant’s lawyer. However, the defendant wants to represent himself instead,” the receptionist of the legal department explained in detail. 
“Yeah. That’s because the defendant himself is an outstanding lawyer. Have you heard of him?” uttered Sasha. 
“Yeah. Solomon is an august lawyer. That being said, we’ll still be able to win against him in court as long as we have sufficient evidence.” 
###Chapter 608
Chapter 608
“Is that so?” 
Sasha felt a bit more relieved after hearing the receptionist’s statement. “Then you must make sure to protect the evidence that we have, especially the videotape. Tell the people at the forensic department to take good care of it.” 
The receptionist put on a smile before responding, “Rest assured, Director. The videotape is in our hands. We’ll make sure that we won’t lose it.” 
Oh, so the video tape is being kept in the office. 
No wonder that mendacious woman asked for my help. She must’ve had no idea where the videotape is. 
Sasha hung up the phone and gave Andy, who was in Moranta, a call. 
“Mr. Rind, it’s been a while.” 
“Yeah. What have you been up to, Nancy? I thought you have forgotten about me after becoming the president’s wife.” 
Andy was both surprised and happy to hear Sasha’s voice. 
Glad to see that she’s moving up in the world. 
Sasha replied, “How could I? No matter how much I’ve changed, I’m still Nancy. How could I ever forget you? If it wasn’t for your help back then, I wouldn’t have become who I am today.” 
“Hee-hee…”
Andy was flattered by Sasha’s words. 
“Mr. Rind, can you help me with something?” 
“What is it?” 
“I’d like you to help me assassinate a person. Just name a price, I’ll pay you right away. As long as you make her disappear quietly, you’ll be amply rewarded,” said Sasha, with a minatory look on her face. 
I can’t believe I’m doing this, but I must. 
I’ve endured long enough, I can’t let this go on any more. This person deserves to be killed for what she has done! 
“Okay. I’ll get the best mercenary on the job.” 
“Alright.” 
Sasha nodded before sending a photo to Andy using her phone. 
Having received the photo, Andy was reticent to say anything. 
Sasha frowned and uttered, “What is it? You can’t do it?” 
“Are you kidding me, Nancy? I thought you wanted me to assassinate a wicked mafia boss or someone of that caliber. Who knew your target was just a Jetroinian’s concubine. This should be a walk in the park. Consider it done!” 
After hearing Andy’s statement, Sasha let out a sigh of relief. 
She then transferred a seven-digit figure worth of money into Andy’s bank account. 
……
Meanwhile, at Hayes Corporation, Sebastian was gazing down on the plethora of city lights from the top of the building. His face was vacuous and pale. 
It’s been five hours, and I still haven’t heard anything about Frieda. 
What’s this feeling in my heart right now? Every time I think about her, I start to feel like I’m suffocating; like my heart is going to burst out at any minute. 
Am I really that worried about her? But I barely know Frieda. 
She’s just a woman that appeared out of nowhere and claimed to be my mother. 
I already have a wonderful family that consists of a father, a mother, as well as a sister. I’ll be just fine even without her in my life. 
At least that’s what I’ve always thought, until today… 
“Sebby, do you want some candy?” 
“Sebby, you’re back! I’ve prepared some fruits for you. Are they to your liking?” 
“Here, Sebby. Try this. It’s very good.” 
“Sebby…” 
With his eyes closed, Sebastian heard Frieda’s voice calling out to him. 
She was always like this whenever I returned home. Giving me treats to cheer me up. 
Even though I always glared at her with contempt, she would just give me a soothing smile in response. 
Although she’s mentally ill, she has always remembered me, her son.
Bang! 
Sebastian punched the wall beside him with great force. His fists started bleeding after that. 
“Mr. Hayes, why are you hurting yourself?” uttered Luke, who just came in. 
Seeing as Sebastian’s fist was bleeding, he quickly grabbed a roll of toilet paper and helped him treat the wound. 
Sebastian, on the other hand, was unperturbed by his injury. 
He pulled his hand away from Luke and queried, “What have you found out? Who’s the person behind this?” 
###Chapter 609
Chapter 609
Luke avoided his gaze. “Mr. Hayes, I’ll say it. Please don’t get mad.” 
“Say it!” 
“Based on the clues provided by Mr. Pence, we investigated the militaries in different regions and found out that he… looks like Mr. Jadeson’s subordinate.” 
“What did you say? Devin?” 
As expected, Sebastian was shocked upon hearing it. 
How could it be Devin? Have they mistaken? 
Reluctant to believe it, Sebastian said, “Nonsense! What does Devin have to do with it?” 
“It’s true, Mr. Hayes. If you don’t believe me, I can show you the information they sent me.” 
Luke put the related documents on the table, including the detailed information and the characteristics of Devin’s soldiers. 
Every brigade had distinct skills, which had to do with the commander. 
For instance, given that the Jadesons’ soldiers were of ground forces, they received firearms and combat training. 
As such, the training would leave a mark on the soldiers.
“Look at this. Well, most military daggers were made up of carbon steel. However, the ones used by Devin’s troops were composed of rare material; hence, more durable and resilient.” 
Luke pointed at two pictures as he explained. 
One of the pictures was taken from the surveillance camera and showed the moment a masked man abducted Frieda. It was clear that he put a dagger near Frieda’s neck. 
Another picture showed two daggers, one of which was ordinary while the other looked special. 
Besides, the second dagger looked similar to the one owned by the masked man. 
A gloom settled over Sebastian’s face. 
As Sebastian stared at the pictures, he seemed to be rooted to the ground. 
However, his expression turned monstrous. 
“However, this can’t prove that he was involved. What’s the reason for him to do so?” 
“Well, it’s because your mom is the person the Jadesons has been looking for!” 
Karl happened to have come back at the right time. He walked toward the office with his face half- covered with snow. 
Sebastian’s eyes suddenly widened in shock. 
“What did you say? Say it again!” 
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve figured out everything that you instructed me to investigate. Why don’t you spend some time reading the information that I’ve brought back for you? I think you’ll have a clearer idea after reading it.”
Karl could feel that Sebastian’s mind was in turmoil. Slowly, he put the parcel that he brought back before Sebastian. 
Sebastian’s expression turned grim upon seeing the parcel. 
Although he only stared at it and didn’t open it right away, his pale fingers revealed that he was frightened. 
Sebastian is extremely smart. How can he not know what is in the parcel? 
Karl and Luke waited aside quietly. 
After quite some time, Sebastian began to open the parcel slowly. 
There were two photos and a torn red notebook with a lot of red marks that covered the words. 
“After Shin’s death, his information related to the military camp was obliterated. As such, I only managed to find his old comrade and retrieved these from him,” Karl explained when Sebastian was staring at the items. 
A few seconds later, Sebastian grabbed the photos. 
The first photo was a group photo of soldiers in their uniforms. 
Sebastian took a closer look at the photo and saw Frederick and Rufus. 
“Could it be that—they knew each other?” 
“Yes, they used to be under Shin’s command. Back then, your father and Ms. Wand’s father joined the military and were assigned to Shin’s camp. He was their commander, yet all of them were close to each other. You’ll know it by looking at the next photo.”
Sebastian grabbed the second photo after Karl reminded him. 
Just as what Karl described, the second photo was a group photo of six, in which Frederick and Rufus were standing beside the imposing commander and smiling happily.” 
In that case, did the two old men lie to him? 
At that moment, Sebastian grew increasingly furious. 
However, he soon resisted his anger and continued examining the torn red notebook that almost became ashes. 
“According to his comrade, the notebook was taken from Shin’s body after he died. When the bullet passed through his chest, the notebook, which was in his left pocket, was also torn.” 
Karl repeated everything that Shin’s comrade told him in a deep voice. 
###Chapter 610
Chapter 610
Karl choked up and could hardly finish the sentence when he mentioned the notebook. 
Given that Karl used to be a soldier, he felt heartbroken about the tragedy. 
The Jadesons’ second son was accused of betrayal and expelled by the family. So, who exactly is he? Is he indeed a disgrace to the family? 
Sebastian slowly opened the notebook. 
“Marriage certificate?” 
The remaining words of the notebook’s title were like a bolt from the blue to Sebastian. 
Besides, Karl and Luke were taken aback once they saw the bloodstained words. 
It’s a marriage certificate! 
They impatiently turned to the next page without waiting for Sebastian. 
It turned out that the second page was even more horrifying. 
Although the bullet passed through and tore the notebook, they could still see two names on it. 
The male was Shin Jadeson and the female was Frieda Soprano! 
My goodness! 
The entire meeting room fell silent, so much so that one could hear a pin drop.
Shin and Frieda? 
As Sebastian’s heart ached, he almost fainted on the spot. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you alright?” 
“Mr. Hayes!” 
Luke and Karl were frightened and quickly helped him up. 
Deep down, they knew very well the reason that the revelation dropped a bombshell at Sebastian. 
After all, no one would have thought that Sebastian’s father was Shin! 
Furthermore, from the person in charge of Hayes Corporation, Sebastian suddenly became the remaining member of the Jadeson, whom the royal family wanted to hunt down. 
How ridiculous is that! 
In that case, did they take Mom away because they found out the truth and wanted to kill her? 
Sebastian felt a bomb going off in his mind and finally lost his consciousness. 
Sasha had been waiting for Sebastian’s return in the Hayes residence throughout the night. 
Not only had she yet to receive news from Yancy, but Sebastian didn’t come home too. 
Ever since they reconciled, this was the first time that he didn’t come home at night. 
Could it be that he is visiting Frieda? 
Overwhelmed by doubts, Sasha remained anxious throughout the night.
The next day, she hurriedly drove to the office early in the morning. 
“Mrs. Hayes? Why are you here so early?” 
The security guard at the entrance was shocked to see her. 
However, Sasha wasn’t in the mood to explain the matter to him. She entered the building right away and impatiently took the elevator to the penthouse suite. 
Ding! 
Sasha was surprised to see that the president’s office was as silent as the grave and dark because the lights were off. 
So, was he not in the office last night? Where did he go? 
Sasha was increasingly worried about Sebastian and Frieda because she received no news at all. 
As such, she took out her phone and wanted to call Sebastian. 
At that moment, someone took the elevator and arrived at the penthouse suite. Sasha turned around and saw Luke holding a cup of coffee and breakfast. 
“Mrs. Hayes? Why are you here so early?” 
Luke was shocked to see Sasha in the president’s office early in the morning and widened his tired eyes. 
Sasha didn’t reply right away but helped him carry the breakfast. 
“Were you here last night?” 
“Oh?” Luke asked shockingly, “How do you know?”
“You have two dark circles below your eyes.” Sasha pointed at his eyes straightaway. 
Luke was stunned. 
Well, I was busy the whole night and didn’t have time to sleep! 
Luke opened the president’s office door and entered with Sasha. 
“Mrs. Hayes, are you here to look for Mr. Hayes?” 
“Yes, where is he? He didn’t come home last night nor picked up his phone this morning. What happened? Have you guys received any news about his mom?” 
Sasha decided to ask all of the questions that she kept in her mind. 
The next moment, Sasha felt disappointed. Luke sat down and shook his head frustratingly while holding his cup of coffee. 
“No. Mr. Hayes went out suddenly after he received a phone call and hasn’t come back since then. I’ve decided to stay here in case he needs me.” 
Sasha was struck dumb upon hearing that. 
###Chapter 611
Chapter 611
Overwhelmed by a sense of loss, Sasha collapsed into the chair. 
There’s still no news at all. What should I do? Will it be— 
Feeling that a shiver ran down her spine, she dared not think about it. 
Just then, Sasha’s phone rang suddenly. She gazed down at the screen and saw Yancy’s name. 
“Hello?” 
Sasha walked to the exterior with her phone in her hand so that Luke couldn’t hear their conversation. 
“I got news about her. She’s on a train to Jadeborough now. Sasha, you should be grateful. Since heavy snow hits the North, many vehicles couldn’t move at all. So, they had no choice but to take a train.” 
Yancy told Sasha about Frieda’s whereabouts straightforwardly. 
So, she’s on a train to Jadeborough! 
Upon hearing it, Sasha felt that her hope was rekindled. 
Now that Frieda was on a train, Sasha was determined to get Frieda back at all costs, even if she had to hire everyone from the underworld to do it. 
Feeling spirited, Sasha asked, “Which train is she on now? Please tell me the train number.” 
“How about my stuff?” Yancy bargained.
Sasha responded coldly, “No worries. Give me the train number, and I’ll check it right away. Then, I’ll give the stuff back to you immediately if your information is correct. After all, it was the offer you made.” 
Yancy had no choice but to tell Sasha the train number. 
After hanging up the phone, Sasha went downstairs delightedly and wanted to confirm if Yancy was telling the truth. 
Meanwhile, Luke was startled as he saw Sasha running away. 
What’s going on with Mrs. Hayes? 
Is she not going to wait for Mr. Hayes? Why does she seem so happy? 
Confusion flashed past Luke’s eyes. 
Ten minutes later, Sasha successfully hacked into the railway bureau’s system. She checked the surveillance footage and saw that Frieda was forced to board the train. 
As such, Sasha was overjoyed. 
That b*tch didn’t lie. 
Sasha immediately asked her staff to get members of the underworld to rescue Freida and promised to reward them with a lot of money. 
After that, she headed to the legal department. 
As per their agreement, since Yancy helped Sasha find out Frieda’s whereabout, Sasha had to get the master tape for Yancy in exchange. 
But still, whether Yancy can get the tape safely is a different story.
Since Sasha arrived at the legal department early, she managed to sneak into the office and steal the master tape effortlessly. 
To avoid being discovered, Sasha used a balloon to block the surveillance camera at the corner of the wall. 
After obtaining the master tape, Sasha called Yancy. “Well, I got the stuff you need. How are you going to collect it?” 
“Rest assured that I won’t make your husband misunderstand you like last time. Just put the master tape in the storage box at the nearby Walmart store, and someone will collect it later.” 
Sasha hated the insolent tone of Yancy’s voice. 
Well, I’ll tolerate your arrogance for the time being! 
Sasha put the master tape in her bag and went downstairs. 
Buzz, buzz. 
“Hello?” 
“Ms. Wand, I’m sorry for bothering you, but may I take a half-day leave? I’m not feeling well today.” 
As Sasha walked downstairs, Jamie suddenly called her. 
What a coincidence. 
Yancy asked me to put the master tape near the supermarket, and now Jamie has asked for leave. 
Yesterday, Sasha questioned Yancy whether Yancy had placed a mole around her. As such, Sasha couldn’t help but suspect that Jamie was the one.
“Alright. Go get some rest,” Sasha agreed. 
Before going to the supermarket, Sasha bought a spy camera and hid it in the box of the master tape. 
Hayes Corporation’s lawsuit against Sinch Enterprise garnered a lot of attention. After all, the incident was broadcast live back then and watched by a lot of people. 
Hence, many reporters came before the trial began. 
“I heard that Sinch Enterprise will defend itself in this lawsuit.” 
“Really? My goodness, on what grounds can the company defend itself against the charges? I mean, the evidence is as solid as a rock. Can’t the company admit to its wrongdoings right away?” 
“There are no limits to its shamelessness, I guess. Sinch Enterprise would do anything to achieve their goals.” 
After the representatives of both companies entered the courtroom, the reporters and the crowd who were interested in the lawsuit began chattering about it. 
No doubt, everyone heaped scorn on Sinch Enterprise from Jetroina. 
Meanwhile, Jamie happened to stand outside the court while holding the master tape. She couldn’t help but clench her fists upon hearing everyone speaking ill of the company. 
Do these stupid people have the right to speak ill of Sinch Enterprise and Mr. Solomon? Just wait and see. All of you will be rendered speechless by Mr. Solomon’s eloquence. 
Jamie thought to herself resentfully. 
###Chapter 612
Chapter 612
Sebastian caught her reaction. Distaste shone in his eyes once more, and he shouted impatiently, “Guards!” 
“Mr. Hayes.” 
“Get her out of here, and in the future, do not let her set foot in here without my permission.” 
His symmetrical, handsome face oozed cruelty as he issued that order mercilessly. He sat there and never took another look at the woman. 
His gaze remained ferocious. 
Sasha stared numbly. 
She remained in a daze even after they dragged her out of the office. At that moment, she didn’t even know where she was anymore. It felt like she was dreaming. 
He actually asked for a divorce, and he was so adamant about it that he would go to the courthouse to sue me if I refuse to sign the divorce papers. 
Why? Didn’t we just agree to start anew and live together happily as a family? How did things suddenly turn out like this? 
Sasha stood in front of the elevator. 
“Madam, where are you going? The operational department is that way,” said the guy who dragged her away after he saw how she was standing still. He even pointed in the right direction for her.
Unfortunately, Sasha couldn’t seem to hear him. 
She stood there numbly for a while before she stepped forward and walked out of the office like a zombie. 
“What’s up with her? Did something actually happen?” 
“Obviously. Did you see how shattered she looks? I heard that she barged into her husband’s office just moments ago.” 
“I simply don’t understand. She already has it all, so what was she thinking?” 
The gossip around the office never ended, even though everyone saw how terrible she looked. 
They’re right. What the hell was I thinking? 
Sasha left the office like she was a zombie and wondered where she should go. She scanned around while in a daze, then she turned right. 
Ten minutes or so later, Luke barged into Sebastian’s office and reported, “Something terrible happened, Mr. Hayes. Madam… She went to the metro station.” 
The guy working away at his desk did not take a pause, his hands kept swirling the tip of his pen against the paper as he asked, “So what? Do you feel like chasing after her?” 
Luke was speechless. 
What the hell does that mean? She’s not my wife, so why would I chase after her? I only came to report my findings. 
What Luke found to be strange, however, was that Sebastian would usually put his job aside whenever he heard about how Sasha was acting out of character.
Yet, at that moment, Sebastian behaved like he didn’t even know who she was. 
“Never talk about her again or I will fire you!” 
Luke didn’t respond. 
Sebastian added, “Also, write up a notice and tell everyone in the company how she broke the rules. She is fired and will no longer be clocking in.” 
This man is actually doing something even more heartless and cruel? 
Luke was stunned to his core. 
Has he lost his mind? Why is he suddenly being so harsh? 
Luke couldn’t make heads or tails of what his employer was doing, but it didn’t really matter. Luke was just the hired help, so he was not in a position to ask despite being confused. 
That day, as Sasha stood numbly at the metro station, the company put out a notice about her heinous crimes. 
The punishment for that, and the most heartbreaking part of her day, was that she got fired. 
“Why are you eating ice cream? It’s cold today, and you’ll get sick if you eat it.” 
There weren’t many people there, but surprisingly, another girl saw Sasha when she was eating her ice cream on the bench. 
Sasha slowly turned to the girl. The former replied, “I’ll be fine. I was just thinking about something and will head home after I finish eating it.” 
“Okay…”
The little girl nodded while still being somewhat confused. 
Yeah, I can go home after I finish eating it. The same thing happened in the past, right? I had some ice cream while I was in Horington, and he came to take me home just as I finished it. 
Thinking about that past prompted Sasha to scoop a huge chunk of ice cream from the cup and shove it into her mouth. 
Maybe it was because she scooped too much ice cream or perhaps it was something else, but she suddenly felt so cold that she shivered. That chill emanated throughout her body. 
She titled her gaze down. Drip! A drop of warm tear fell into the cup. 
I don’t have a home anymore. I am about to get a divorce, so my home no longer exists. 
She suddenly felt a sting in her heart. It was as if someone had clawed something out of her chest and tore her muscles and nerves along with it. She was in living hell, and it hurt so much that she couldn’t finish eating. With her ice cream still with her, she brawled. 
“Miss, are you okay? What’s wrong?” 
A good Samaritan saw her and walked over to ask how she was doing. 
Unfortunately, it seemed that Sasha couldn’t hear anything. She cried as overwhelming sorrow and unending pain threatened to drown her. Her ears could no longer take in any surrounding noise. 
The good Samaritan had no choice but to sit at her side and keep her company while waiting patiently. 
Sasha cried for about ten minutes or so before she slowly calmed down. 
“Are you feeling better? Do you need a napkin?” asked the good Samaritan who kindly offered a piece of tissue.
###Chapter 613
Chapter 613
“What is it?” 
“At three or four in the morning, something happened in a train carriage—someone recalled hearing a loud sound. After the crew investigated it, they said that someone had secretly smuggled firecrackers in. Everyone in that train carriage was evacuated and a few have been detained.” 
The leader of the team suddenly revealed this information to her. 
Firecrackers? 
When travelers board the train, they would have to undergo a strict security check by the authorities before that. It was impossible for anyone to smuggle prohibited items on board. 
Hence, Sasha did not really believe that. 
“This isn’t the truth, right?” 
“You’re smart, Ms. Wand. When we investigated it, we realized that there were no signs of firecrackers in that carriage. Instead, we found bullets and ammunition. There were also uncleaned bloodstains on the floor!” 
When Sasha heard that, her mind became blank. Her hand started shaking as she gripped her phone. 
Bullets? Bloodstains? Why did they suddenly appear for no reason? Did something bad already happen to Frieda? Was she killed by the Jadesons on that train? 
Sasha trembled violently.
“Investigate what happened immediately! See if it has anything to do with the person I’m trying to save!” she instructed agitatedly, asking them to find out the truth to the best of their abilities. 
No matter what, she needed to find Frieda—regardless of whether she was alive or dead! 
The man agreed and hung up the call. 
Sasha slowly placed her phone down. Her body had turned cold and her palms were filled with sweat. 
At this moment, someone outside her office was looking for her. 
“Ms. Wand, the legal department suddenly sent a message, saying that the case is not going smoothly. Since Mr. Hayes is not around, they hope that you can go there and discuss the case with them.” 
“What?” 
Sasha, who had just placed her phone down, raised her head abruptly. 
Her face was still completely pale. 
“Apparently, the evidence that was provided to the court is different from the one provided by the defendant. Also, after a series of checks, it is proved that the defendant’s version is the master tape.” 
The person who looked for her was a department manager tasked to relay the message to her. 
However, when he saw how unpleasant Sasha’s expression was, he was so scared that he could not even speak coherently. 
“Ms. Wand, a-are you alright?” 
Sasha felt like fainting. 
Of course, I’m not alright! It feels like the sky is crashing down on me right now.
The master tape? How is that possible? 
I’ve only taken a random CD from the legal department, not the master tape. Why did it suddenly appear? 
Overwhelmed by utter confusion, she felt like she had just been doused by icy-cold water. Other than despair and fear, she could feel nothing else. 
The manager asked, “Ms. Wand?” 
She gave no response. 
After a long while, she stared at him emotionlessly like a zombie and asked, “When do they want me to go over?” 
“Now. The legal department said that after it happened, they immediately asked for an adjournment. The session will continue half an hour later. If you want to go there, I can send you there right away.” 
Seeing that she was planning to go, the manager offered to send her. 
After all, Sasha was not only their very capable director but was also the president’s wife. 
Otherwise, the legal department would not ask her to discuss this matter while Sebastian was absent from the office. 
Sasha eventually left the office and reached the court twenty minutes later. 
“Ms. Wand, the legal department is in the break room now. Do you want me to bring you there?” 
“It’s fine.”
Sasha got out of the car and gazed at the solemn-looking building in front of her. Looking at the symbol of justice right in front of the building, she scoffed in contempt. 
She had no idea what went wrong during the court session. 
Yancy wanted the master tape of the video, but I gave her the fake one. Why is there still evidence that’s to the Hayes Corporation’s disadvantage? 
When she glanced at the entrance of the courts, a familiar figure suddenly appeared in her vision. 
She immediately narrowed her eyes. 
“Ms. Wand, w-why are you here?” 
The person was none other than Akiko, who was supposed to be undercover as Jamie. She did not expect Sasha to suddenly appear there. 
Suddenly, panic surged through her. The joy of Solomon turning the tables around earlier had disappeared. 
Sasha stared at her coldly. 
“You gave it to your master right away, huh?” 
“W-What?” 
Akiko suddenly widened her eyes as a look of fear flitted past them. 
###Chapter 614
Chapter 614
Ignoring Akiko’s reaction, Sasha strode toward her and grabbed her collar forcefully. 
“I’m asking you something! Did you give it to your master right away?” 
“Y-Yes…” 
Akiko was so scared that she blurted out the truth. 
Sasha flung her hand away and shoved her. A frosty expression crossed her face as she exuded a murderous aura. 
“You’ll not leave this city alive,” she threatened calmly. Her eyes were filled with an unfamiliar and terrifying look of hostility. 
Akiko immediately froze. 
No… No! 
After confirming that, Sasha did not stay any longer and headed to the break room immediately. 
To her surprise, a man walked toward her when she was about to enter. 
“Nancy…” 
Solomon’s hand was stuffed in the pocket of his coat. Perhaps because he spotted Sasha, or perhaps because he had just defeated the Hayes Corporation’s legal department, there was a smile playing on his lips. He looked as elegant as a gentleman.
“I heard that you sent it over to me. I’m really grateful for that! It helped me a lot.” 
When Sasha heard that, her efforts to calm herself down became futile. She started to yell uncontrollably, “What are you talking about? Don’t spout nonsense! What did I give you?” 
It was rare to see her acting so emotionally. 
There were panic, fear and denial mixed in her voice… 
It was as if she was terrified that someone would discover what she had done. Her face was utterly pale and she was so agitated that her voice trembled. 
A grim look crossed Solomon’s eyes. 
Sasha would never admit it. 
If she did and Sebastian heard about it, she could not imagine what he would do. 
Sebastian had not returned since last afternoon as he was busy looking for Frieda. If he found out that she gave the company’s evidence to another man, thus leading to their defeat, she did not even dare to imagine the consequences. 
“Let me tell you this, Solomon. I’ve never given you anything, nor have I ever thought of helping you. We were enemies right from the start, understand?” 
Forcing herself to calm down, she emphasized every single word, hoping to make herself clear to Solomon. 
He narrowed his eyes quietly. 
Sasha was gripping her bag so forcefully that her palm turned red. When he saw that, he chose to back off.
“Fine, I’m probably overthinking.” 
“Good that you know that!” 
With a look of utter relief, she hurriedly ran to the break room where the legal department was in. 
She did not know why she had become like this. 
“You’re here, Mrs. Hayes!” 
The legal department was discussing the sudden turn of events during the court session. When they saw Sasha enter, they were delighted. 
At this stage, all they needed was someone to make the decision. 
Since Sebastian was not in the office and they could not call him, the only choice was his wife. 
Sasha was still panicking from the previous encounter. After a while, she nodded. “What happened?” 
“When the session started, our victory was certain. However, after Solomon came, he produced a piece of evidence. It’s the video showing how Ken forced Frederick to sign the document.” 
“And?” 
“We don’t know where he got it from. When the video was played, the image changed. Instead of Solomon intimidating Frederick, Solomon was kneeling in front of him, which made it seem like Frederick willingly sign it for him.” 
“What?” 
When Sasha heard that, she glanced at the employee in shock.
How is that possible? I gave them a fake copy of the video, but why are there so many added details? Did they manipulate the video? 
Sasha started to feel suspicious. 
However, she soon dispelled those doubts. 
No video editing skills could possibly add the events that happened afterward so smoothly, such that it could even fool the court. 
That was impossible. 
So, what happened to the video? 
Sasha was completely confused. 
“Oh, right. Do you think that this is the master tape that Mr. Hayes gave us?” 
Suddenly, an assistant from the legal department asked the manager. 
He was stunned for a while before replying, “No way! I have the master tape. To prevent someone from manipulating it, I even placed a fake version of the video in the box that was supposed to contain the master tape and cast it aside randomly.” 
There was nothing that was more despairing than what he just said. 
###Chapter 615
Chapter 615
Sasha’s jaw fell agape as she stared at the manager of the legal department, feeling like her blood had just run cold. 
She stood there motionlessly, not even able to think anymore. 
So, this is the truth! 
To deal with that despicable woman, she thought that the smartest way is to pass her a random CD. 
Never had she expected to shoot herself on the foot by doing so! 
She gave the master tape away instead. 
Sasha turned pale. 
It turned out that the video Sebastian got was already edited. The scene of Solomon kneeling in front of Frederick had not been released. 
Their aim was to utterly defeat Solomon. 
However, she had just revealed everything. 
Sasha was filled with so much regret that she wished for nothing more than to cut her hands off. Alongside this feeling of regret, fear overwhelmed her. 
Her body trembled slightly. 
“Are you okay, Mrs. Hayes?”
After a long while, Sasha, who was completely pale, asked, “Is our defeat certain?” 
“We don’t have a high chance of winning, which is why we called you over, Mrs. Hayes. We want to ask if you have any suggestions. Our greatest chance of success is to seek more compensation for the company.” 
Compensation? 
The Sinch Enterprise killed Frederick using such despicable methods and even stole the Hayes Corporation’s stocks. Now, all we can do is to seek some compensation? 
With a turmoil of emotions already surging within her, Sasha finally lost her temper when she heard that. 
“Dream on! After committing such horrendous crimes, how dare she seek a happy ending? It’s just wishful thinking!” 
She stood up furiously, grabbed her bag and left. 
After a few minutes, Yancy, who was anticipating good news all the way from Jetroina, received her call. 
“It’s you, Sasha. I really need to thank you for helping us win this lawsuit.” 
When she received Sasha’s call, she thanked her happily. 
When Sasha heard that, she laughed coldly. “So, you’ve planned this all along, right?” 
“No, I didn’t plan this at all. Initially, I wanted to get my hands on the master tape, manipulate it and turn it into our evidence. To our surprise, you gave us a perfect, unedited piece of evidence!” 
Yancy even used the word ‘unedited’. 
Sasha was so furious that her body trembled.
“Do you think that you can win with this?” 
“Of course! Sasha, this is an exchange we made. I told you where Frieda is, while you gave this to me in return. It’s fair!” remarked Yancy nonchalantly. 
After all, it was the first time that Yancy had been successfully threatened by someone. For so many years, she had never been so humiliated before. 
When Sasha heard that, she laughed mockingly. “Fair? You killed someone and even wanted to steal his possessions away. Yet, you call that fair?” 
“You…” Yancy’s expression changed. 
“Sasha, do you want to do this the hard way? Do you think that I’ll still be scared of you? Your struggles are all futile,” Yancy retorted, feeling angry from being humiliated. 
Sasha remained expressionless. “Try me, then.” 
With that, she hung up and called someone else. 
“Nancy?” 
“You can act now. However, don’t kill her first. I have something to tell her.” 
“Okay.” 
Immediately afterward, Sasha heard the loud sound of a gunshot. 
A true expert could kill anyone at the employer’s command. The target’s life was at the complete mercy of the employer. 
No mistakes would be made.
When Yancy saw that a bullet had just torn through her right chest, she was still holding a cup of tea in the garden. For a long while, she was completely stunned. 
When her blood started to gush out from the wound, she suddenly returned to her senses, as if she had just woken up from a dream. 
With a loud crash, the cup fell onto the floor. She clutched her chest and shrieked miserably on the chair. 
“Argh!” 
“What happened, Mrs. Tsurka?” 
The people in Jade Garden had never heard such a shriek of agony before. Immediately, all of them rushed out in a panic. 
When they reached Yancy and saw that horrifying scene, they were terrified. 
“Help! Help!” 
“Mrs. Tsurka!” 
Within a few seconds, the garden was plunged into utter chaos. 
However, things had not ended yet. 
Amidst the chaos, another bullet flew through the air. 
The gunshot was muted. All that could be seen was a bullet rapidly piercing Yancy’s leg, moments after someone helped her up. 
“Argh!”
She screamed in pain again. After standing up briefly, she collapsed onto the floor again. 
The housekeeper and the rest were petrified by fear. 
The Jade Garden was a special place—it was the Tsurka’s territory. Hence, no one would dare to create a ruckus there. 
Unexpectedly, someone actually dared to shoot Yancy here. 
###Chapter 616
Chapter 616
The housekeeper came to her senses and immediately summoned the bodyguards to search for the shooter. She helped Yancy to her feet and prepared to hide. 
Right at this moment, Yancy’s mobile phone rang. 
“Hello?” 
“What’s your decision? Have you thought it over? You want to win the suit or lose your life?” 
The girl’s voice on the phone sounded so normal as if discussing an ordinary everyday occurrence at home. 
The lady housekeeper understood immediately what was happening. 
“Sasha? So, you are the one doing this?” 
“Yes, so what do you think? Is the lady of your house, Mrs. Tsurka, all right? By the way, I forgot to mention that you have no place to hide. This time, I’ve hired ten snipers, not just one. You’d better think it over carefully.” 
No one thought that the docile little lamb would have such a terrible side. 
She was like a monster. Her voice was the same, so sweet and soft but at this moment, every word that she said seemed to come from a demon from hell. 
The housekeeper was too afraid to move even an inch. 
“Mrs. Tsurka…”
“This bit*h” 
Yancy began to realize what happened too. Covered with blood and lying there, she started cursing loudly. 
Unfortunately, the cursing won’t help. With snipers aiming at her from places she could not see, there was nothing she could do if she wanted to stay alive. 
“Sasha, I will take revenge!” Her face looked hideous as she glared at the phone, speaking slowly and clearly. 
Sasha laughed mockingly, seemingly unbothered at all. 
“It’s up to you, but now, you have to do as I say or else, you die.” 
With that, she hung up the phone. 
A few minutes later, people from the legal department rushed out of the lounge. 
“Madam, good news, they have already pleaded guilty with the judge. We don’t have to fight this case anymore.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
So, it could be said that some things were very simple. 
Sasha went out carrying the bag without any untoward incident. Again, she met Solomon but this time, he did not seem pleased like the first time he saw her. 
“What did you tell my mom?”
“Nothing out of the ordinary. I just told her that according to the law, a murderer must pay with his life and anyone who committed a crime would be punished. 
Sasha looked at him coldly and articulated each word clearly. 
As her words fell on his ears, the aggressive nature he showed at their first meeting disappeared. His arrogance was replaced by fear and his handsome face turned pale. 
Indeed, he had killed someone. 
Even though he did not do it with his own hands, someone had died because of him. 
Ashen-faced, Solomon watched the woman leave. 
…… 
Sasha arrived at her office. 
The first thing she wanted to do was to investigate Frieda’s case as this was her main concern. 
However, before she could telephone the agent whose services she engaged, Gregg suddenly came in to see her. 
“Ms. Wand, you’re back. Have you heard that Mr. Hayes is back?” 
“Are you serious?” 
She was so overjoyed that she just put down the phone she had picked up just now. 
Gregg nodded. “Yes, I only heard this from someone else. Unfortunately, there was some incident and he’s now in the hospital.” 
Sasha was speechless.
In an instant, she turned pale and left the office. 
Hospital? 
What could have happened to him in one day and one night that he has ended up in the hospital? 
Sasha was worried sick. 
All the way to the hospital, she floored the accelerator and when she stopped, she rushed immediately to the emergency department. 
For this one day and one night, she really had no idea at all about Sebastian’s whereabouts. She couldn’t get through to his phone and he did not contact her to tell her where he had gone. 
So, during this time, she was really tormented. 
Especially when she learned that Frieda was likely involved in an accident. She felt even more tormented. 
In her mind, she had gone through many versions of what condition Sebastian might be in. Yet, the scene that met her eyes was beyond what she had imagined. Sitting in the emergency ward was a man so thin that he was barely more than a skeleton. 
And on the bed in front of him was a body with its face covered by a white sheet. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Suddenly, there was a “thump” in her heart, followed by a very bad premonition arising from inside her. 
Who is this? 
Who… has passed away?
She walked in slowly and fearfully, standing behind him but not daring to address him for a long time. 
“Sebby?” 
There was an awkward silence. 
Indeed, the man sat there as if oblivious of his surroundings. 
Sasha’s premonition of something untoward happening became even stronger. 
She went over and stood gingerly next to him. 
Only then did she discover while his head was hanging down, his eyes were dull, his clothes could only be described as dirty, and she was not sure if it was her imagination. She seemed to see a dark red mark on it. 
The mark was faint and it smelled of blood. 
###Chapter 617
Chapter 617
What happened to him? 
Sasha felt more and more frightened. She stopped calling him but followed the direction of his gaze and looked at the person lying on the bed. 
Finally, her pupils shrunk suddenly, when she saw a pair of familiar hands. 
Those were Frieda’s hands. 
This old lady, even though she was advanced in age, was hidden for many years by Frederick in a secret basement and had never done any physical work. 
And so, her fingers were fine and beautiful and they looked like a little girl’s hands. Later on, each time Sasha saw them, she would be full of praise for these hands. 
Sasha’s mind buzzed. 
Falling and stumbling, she approached the bed and pulled back the white sheet from the person’s face with trembling hands. 
“Mom…” 
Desperately, she covered her mouth with her hands and huge drops of tears rolled down her cheeks, like a string of broken pearls spilling from her eyes. 
It is really Frieda! 
How did this happen?
She had really met her death! 
However, the agent she hired had told her with certainty that it happened on the train. Why is this man guarding her now? Why? 
Sasha felt as if her heart had been cut open. 
After a long time, she slowly pulled down the white sheet; then, she saw clearly the gunshot wound on the woman’s chest. 
“Mrs. Hayes, Madam Frieda was killed by the bullet when she shielded the president from the shooter. 
Karl had arrived at the door and seeing her, he had explained how the incident happened. 
She shielded him from a shooter? 
How did it happen? Why would Frieda shield him from a bullet? 
Sasha turned to face him. “What happened? Where did you go yesterday?” 
“Yesterday…” 
“Drag her out of here!” 
After maintaining silence all this while on his seat, he suddenly started yelling. 
The hoarse voice, speaking with unprecedented hatred and fury, stunned the two people in the ward. 
Sasha thought she was mistaken. 
Is she ordering me to be dragged out? 
In utter bewilderment, Karl looked at his boss.
“Sebby, don’t be sad. I know, yesterday, I was…” Sasha came to her senses, believing that he was mistaken about her, thinking that she had not done anything after knowing about Frieda. 
So, she tried to explain. 
However, even as she began to speak, he suddenly roared at her with uncontrollable rage. “I’m asking you to get out. Haven’t you heard me?” 
The whole ward buzzed with the roar of his anger. 
Sasha was stunned! 
She opened her eyes wide. For a few seconds, it seemed as if she did not know this man. 
Am I seeing things? 
Did he actually shout at me? Did he also ask me to get lost? 
Her eyes were red and in an instant, the tears of being wrongfully accused filled her eyes. 
“What is wrong with you? I… I know that yesterday when Mom met with this disaster, I could not come back on time. I really did not want this to happen to her. I had been busy for the past one day and one night.” 
The injustice she felt weighed so heavily on her that she wept aloud in his presence. 
However, he was totally unsympathetic. He glared at her, cold and distant, with a strange expression on his face as if he was a totally different person. 
“You had been busy? Really? What were you busy doing? So, Sasha Wand, come on, tell me what you have been busy doing for this one whole day and one night? Please tell me.”
He sneered and laughed with sarcasm as if he had heard a silly joke. Then he asked Sasha to tell him what kept her so busy? 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
What have I done? 
Unfortunately, everything that she had done must be kept a secret from him. 
She could not reveal that she had been dealing with Yancy and had hired someone to rescue Frieda. 
The other deeds like going to the legal department to steal the master tape too had to be kept secret. If he were to find out, he would certainly be more furious. 
Sasha’s face turned pale. 
“Sebby, you… listen to me. I have not done anything disloyal to you. I only… only…” 
“You knew who had taken my mother away but you didn’t tell me. Was that not betraying me?” 
Sasha was speechless. 
“Furthermore, haven’t you known my real identity for a long time? 
Suddenly he leaped up from his seat like a demon and was right in front of her in one step! 
Sasha retreated a few steps! 
She lifted her eyes to look at him and instantly, her blood ran cold. 
“This morning, when the Jadesons pointed the gun at my chest and my Mom rushed over to shield me. At that moment, I realized that I was the biggest fool in the world. Do you know that?”
Sasha listened in silence. 
“When you asked me to stay away from Devin, I thought you knew that he was the bad company and you were worried that something untoward could happen to me.” 
“To stop me from keeping company with Devin, you didn’t hesitate to take action on Sabrina; yet I still believed that you were momentarily confused and acted on impulse. Sasha, don’t you think I am a fool?” 
He forced her into a corner and shouted at her one question after another in a hoarse broken voice. 
###Chapter 618
Chapter 618
Finally, Karl led Sasha out of the ward. 
“Mrs. Hayes, Madam Frieda has just passed on and Mr. Hayes is very emotional. He doesn’t mean to hurt you. The incident this morning was very traumatic to him. Please do not take it to heart. Let him calm down.” 
Karl led her out and then seeing her crying uncontrollably, tried to console her with some explanation. 
She was trembling all over. Holding her handbag tight in her hands, her hands were so tightly clenched that her nails were digging into her palms, almost cutting into her flesh. 
She had never been so frightened before. 
Neither had she ever felt so sad. 
However, after listening to this bodyguard’s words, she was somewhat comforted. 
“I… I never meant to harm him or let his mother get harmed.” 
“I know. It’s just that what happened last night was too traumatic for him. Madam Frieda was always mentally unsound. Perhaps, before this happened, Mr. Hayes and his mother did not bond very well.” 
“Nevertheless, last night, on the train, when the Jadesons wanted to shoot Mr. Hayes, Frieda shielded him without hesitation. That was simply too much for him or even anyone to bear.” 
When Karl came to this part, his voice was really solemn. 
It was as if there was a heavy load upon him and he struggled to breathe.
Pitter patter. Sasha’s tears came splattering down again. 
After some time, with tears in her voice, she asked, “So, does he know his own identity now?” 
Karl nodded. “Not at first. Later, when he discovered that Madam Frieda was abducted by Devin’s men, he caught up with the train and then he found out.” 
Sasha listened without interrupting. 
Again she felt the agonizing pain as if being cut by a knife. She stood with her head lowered and had another emotional breakdown. 
“I… I had no choice but to hide the truth from him. When I was imprisoned in Jetroina by Yancy, she told me this. Every day, she threatened to publicize his identity so that he would be despised as an illegitimate child. How could I tell him about that?” 
Tearfully, she told the bodyguard the truth. 
For so long she had kept this secret which was like a time bomb, threatening her every minute and every second, keeping her wary and exhausting the very life out of her. 
So, when she talked about it, she felt a great relief. 
Karl was astounded when he heard about it! 
She knew about this so early? 
It looks like she has been under extreme stress all this while. Furthermore, she cannot be blamed for Madam Frieda’s death. Everything she did was for Mr. Hayes. 
Karl returned to the ward.
After the explosive vent just now, the ward had become quiet again. 
However, when Karl entered inside, he discovered that the man inside was in a worse condition than before. He sat there quietly, but he seemed to have cut off from the outside world. 
Ashen-faced, he stared with empty eyes at the corpse on the bed, oblivious to his surroundings. 
“Mr. Hayes…” 
Karl’s heart was pained at this sight. 
He walked over to him and stood behind him. “Mrs. Hayes meant no harm. She did not know that not telling you would result in Madam Frieda’s death. Please don’t blame her.” 
He wanted to explain to him that it was not his wife’s fault. 
However, there was no reaction nor response from Sebastian. 
He stared at the bed with his head lowered, like a lifeless machine in total silence. It was very frightening. 
He had never been like this before. 
It seemed that blood was thicker than water. At the time when Frederick died, he had not seen him this way. 
There was nothing else that Karl could do, so he left the ward. He had to talk with the hospital authorities about handling the body. 
At seven o’clock in the evening, Rufus heard the news and hurried there. 
“Sebastian, I heard about your mother…”
When he came inside the ward and saw Frieda’s body on the bed, he could no longer finish his sentence. 
There was only sorrow and the tears that came tumbling down. 
Sebastian’s eyes flickered. 
It was rather unexpected. After Frieda’s body was brought back, he hardly moved for the whole afternoon. Except for the rant when Sasha was there, he had not said a word but now, his eyes came to life. 
Karl who had not left his side noticed the change. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
“Leave us for a moment…” Finally, the man who had sat unmoving for a whole afternoon, spoke in a hoarse voice, asking Karl to leave the ward. 
Karl came out of the ward and closed the door behind him. 
Rufus was wrapped up in the sad turn of events, so he did not notice these changes. 
“It’s my fault, I shouldn’t take you out, and I shouldn’t let others take pictures of you at will. Frieda, it’s all my fault.” 
Rufus approached the bed slowly. He was someone who never cried, not even when he was in prison but at this moment, his tears fell like a child. 
Sebastian did not say a word until he saw Rufus stretching out his trembling hand to lift the white cloth from Frieda’s face. 
###Chapter 619
Chapter 619
“You knew about this the whole time too, didn’t you?” 
“What?” 
Rufus’ hand froze upon hearing that, and there was a look of panic on his face and it had gone pale. 
Sebastian felt his burning rage and hatred resurface when he saw his reaction. 
“That Shin is my biological father! You knew the Jadesons were a huge threat to my mom since she showed up, so why didn’t you tell me about it? Why did you and Frederick keep it a secret from me? Don’t tell me this is your way of protecting me!” he shouted at the top of his lungs with bloodshot eyes. 
Rufus was at a loss for words. 
It was indeed our way of protecting him, but I have no right to say that now… Not after how Frieda died in front of him as a result… 
“Sebastian, I-” 
“Do you have any idea how much shock and disbelief I was in when I discovered that Shin was my father? Devin told me how the Jadesons had mercilessly gotten rid of that ‘traitor’ even though he was a member of the family. As such, I was grateful to both you and Frederick when I found out that I survived that gruesome fate, but why didn’t you tell me the truth? Why did you have to wait until he’s dead to tell me? I’m not a f*cking kid anymore, da*n it! It’s all too late now!” 
Despair, anger, and hatred were written all over his face, and he broke down in tears moments after screaming his heart out.
Rufus was shocked by how emotional he got. 
Frieda has only made such a brief appearance, and he’s that devastated over her death? There isn’t a single trace of hope in those eyes of his! I don’t understand this guy at all… 
He would’ve understood Sebastian if he knew how Frieda died. 
The Jadesons had shot at Sebastian, and she jumped in to take the bullet for him. 
That showed the Jadesons couldn’t care less about Sebastian being a part of their family and were going to kill him like they did with Shin back then. 
If they had no issues killing Sebastian, then there was no stopping them from going after his wife, his child, and anyone else related to him. 
It was the first time in his life Sebastian had felt such despair, and he broke down crying as he asked repeatedly, “Why didn’t you tell me sooner? Why? Why?” 
Had I known about it, I would have been able to do something to prevent this! 
Rufus was so shocked by his reaction that he could only sigh with tears in his eyes as he didn’t know how to answer him. 
“It’s not that we didn’t want to tell you, we just… We wanted for Shin’s one and only descendant to live a great life in this world. You have no idea how hard it was for us to rescue you and your mother back then. None of us knew this would happen. Shin arrived in Avenport and was attracted to your mother, Frieda, when he met her at the Hayes Residence. Frederick and I witnessed the two of them fall in love and get married. However, the Jadesons labeled Frieda as a heinous sinner soon after she married into the family. They accused her of corrupting Shin and claimed that you didn’t deserve to be born into this world. Hell, they transferred Shin away with a military order just so they could harm her even when she
was already eight months pregnant! Neither of you would’ve survived if it weren’t for Frederick and I! Do you really think we could tell you about this and risk alerting the Jadesons to your existence?” 
Rufus was crying too after letting all of that out. 
Sebastian went pale from shock for quite a while before slumping into the chair behind him. 
He’s right… I’m in no position to question them nor blame them for keeping it from me… After all, I’m only alive today because of them… 
With that in mind, whatever light Sebastian had in his eyes disappeared. 
“All right, let’s not talk about this anymore now. You’ve gone an entire day and night without rest here, so you must be tired. Go back and get some sleep, okay? I can take care of things here,” Rufus said when he noticed how Sebastian had gone quiet. 
Sebastian closed his eyes for a moment before getting up and leaving the ward. 
###Chapter 620
Chapter 620
Meanwhile, at the Hayes Residence, Sasha was incredibly scared and anxious as she waited for an update on the situation. 
This was mainly due to her being partly responsible for Frieda’s death. 
Had she told Sebastian that he was Shin’s son, he might have been able to take the necessary precautions to protect his mom. 
Instead, she was so focused on keeping him safe that she neglected that fact, and her mistake cost Frieda her life. 
As such, she felt relieved when Rufus called and told her that he had successfully convinced Sebastian to go home and happily ran downstairs to wait for him. 
However, that feeling of relief did not last as Sebastian never showed up at the door. 
Where is he? Didn’t Dad say he was coming home? 
Feeling uneasy at the thought of that, Sasha grabbed her phone and punched in Sebastian’s number. 
However, she didn’t have the courage to follow through and ended up calling his bodyguard Karl instead. 
“Hello, Mr. Frost. Um… My dad told me Sebastian has left the hospital. Has he gone home?” 
“No, he headed over to Frontier Bay,” Karl said, unsure of how he should word his reply as he didn’t expect for it to happen either.
He assumed his boss would go straight home after leaving the hospital, but Sebastian had him drive straight to Royal Court One instead. 
The silence that followed hit Sasha like a sledgehammer and sent her heart all the way to rock bottom once again. 
Why would he go to Frontier Bay? We don’t live there anymore, and that place is practically empty now! 
With that in mind, her hand that was holding the phone fell weakly to her side. 
Having stood behind Sasha for quite some time, Sabrina saw how dejected she looked and asked, “What’s wrong? Is he not back yet?” 
Sasha shook her head and forced a smile on her face as she tried her best to explain, “He’s probably still busy taking care of stuff after his mom’s death.” 
Naturally, Sabrina wasn’t buying it and questioned her, “How is that possible? I bet he’s not coming home on purpose! Could it be that he’s mad at your dad for bringing Frieda out and is taking his anger out on you?” 
Sasha went pale upon hearing that as she didn’t want to believe it, but the stuff that Sebastian yelled at her in the ward earlier combined with his actions at the time made it clear that he was overcome with grief. 
Having tossed and turned the entire night, Sasha got up very early the next day and planned to head over to Frontier Bay after breakfast with the kids. 
Oblivious to the fact that Frieda was gone, Vivian asked with an innocent look in her eyes, “Why isn’t Daddy home yet, Mommy? Is he still taking care of Grandma?”
Noticing that Sasha was struggling to find the right words, Matteo quickly answered that question for her, “Of course! Daddy’s really busy, so we should behave ourselves at home and not disturb him.” 
With that, Vivian stopped asking any further questions. 
Ian had kept quiet the whole time, but he was the one among the three who knew most about what happened throughout the past few days. 
He waited until Sasha had left the house before dragging Matteo into the room. “We need to go see Daddy.” 
“Huh?” Matteo was confused. “Why? Isn’t Daddy busy taking care of things after Grandma’s death right now? Why would we go see him?” 
As Ian was bad with words, he didn’t know how to explain it to Matteo and decided to whip out his tablet instead. 
Having gotten used to his brother’s behavior, Matteo sat down beside him and watched him operate the tablet instead of walking away. 
A few minutes later, the two of them saw a red dot heading toward Frontier Bay on the screen. 
The villa’s location near the ocean made it extremely cold on winter mornings, and Sasha shivered when a cold gust of wind hit her upon exiting the car. 
She then zipped up her coat before making her way toward Royal Court One. 
“May I know who you’re looking for?” 
“I’m the owner of Royal Court One, but I’ve forgotten my access card.”
Sasha lied to the security guard as she was in a hurry to enter. 
The security guard then had her do a facial recognition scan at the gate, which opened with a loud click seconds later, much to her surprise. 
Did it open? How is that possible? I’ve never had my appearance recorded here before, and Sebastian had already moved out before we made up! That’s why I’ve been staying either at my family home or the Hayes Residence ever since! But, now… 
Lost in her thoughts, Sasha stood there staring blankly into space until the security guard urged her to move as another car had pulled up. 
She then quickly entered the residential area with a sense of warmth and joy in her heart. 
###Chapter 621
Chapter 621
There’s only one possible explanation for this… Sebastian must’ve entered my personal information and facial recognition data into the security system long ago! I haven’t returned to the country at the time as we were still fighting at the time… 
Having regained some of her courage, Sasha then headed straight for their former home. 
The villa’s garden was still locked by the wrought iron gates which were icy-cold in the winter. It looked deserted and barren surrounded by withered flowers and trees, and even the playground that the kids loved was covered by a layer of dust. 
Why on earth would he even think of coming here with the state that it’s in? 
Regardless of what she thought, Sasha scanned her face at the front gate and entered the garden anyway. 
The front door to the house was unlocked, and the place looked completely empty. 
“Sebby? Are you there?” she called out cautiously when she got to the living room, but the deafening eerie silence in the long-abandoned villa was all that greeted her. 
Could it be that he’s already left? 
She lowered her head in disappointment at the thought of that, only to notice a fresh set of footprints on the dusty floor. 
Her eyes immediately lit up with excitement, and she quickly followed them up to the third floor.
Why is the villa in such a state? Sebastian stayed in the countryside after getting into a fight with Frederick, and later moved into the Wand residence with me after my return. I thought he had sold the villa, but it turns out he didn’t… If that’s the case, why not have someone clean the place on a regular basis or something? That way, we could stay over every now and then. 
Sasha thought to herself as she pulled her hand back upon touching the dusty staircase railing. 
“Sebby?” she called out once again outside the familiar-looking bedroom door, but there was still no response. 
Suddenly, she heard the sound of something falling to the floor inside the room. 
“Sebby!” she shouted while opening the door. 
Oh, my god! He really is in here! 
The room was dark as the thick curtains weren’t drawn, and she could see him lying motionless on the bed with his eyes closed and the blanket on. 
What shocked her the most was the messy state of the bedroom that had always been sparkly clean every time she came by. 
All the tables, chairs, ornaments, and even the paintings on the wall were all over the floor. 
On top of that, there were chunks of wood and broken glass everywhere. 
Is he really that upset? 
Sasha’s eyes reddened at the thought of that, and she quickly rushed toward his bed as she asked, “Sebby, are you okay? What happened to you?”
She reached her hand out to touch his forehead and see if he was sick, only to have him open his eyes all of a sudden. 
“What are you doing here?” 
“Huh?” Sasha froze in surprise when she heard that and simply stared blankly at Sebastian. 
She was about to tell him that she came looking for him out of concern when he didn’t come home last night, but he grabbed her before she could say anything. 
There was a sharp glint in his bloodshot eyes as he pulled her hard with both hands, causing her to lose her balance and fall on top of him. 
“Ah…” 
Sasha let out a groan in pain and tried to struggle free, only to have him reverse their positions in one swift motion. 
With his burning hot body on top of hers, he began raining down a barrage of kisses while violating her aggressively and forcefully. 
Sasha’s mind was in a daze the whole time, but she chose not to resist even after regaining her composure. 
Just like an obedient little kitten, she let him have his way with her until she passed out eventually. 
It was already three in the afternoon when Sasha woke up again. 
Greeted by a ceiling and a dimly lit room around her upon opening her eyes, she took quite some time just to recall where she was and what had happened.
“Ugh…” 
It wasn’t until she tried to move that she felt a strong pain shooting through her body, and her face burned bright red as she slowly recalled what happened earlier. 
Damn it… Sebastian, you b*stard… 
Sasha lay in bed for a little while longer before getting up and throwing a shirt over her body. 
“Where are you, Sebby?” she called out to him while limping toward the bedroom door, only to realize there was no one outside. 
Huh… Where is he? 
“Mommy, you’re finally awake! Daddy has headed over to the office! He wants you to take us home after getting up!” 
Suddenly, a high-pitched and crystal-clear voice was heard coming from downstairs. 
###Chapter 622
Chapter 622
Sasha looked down and saw her two sons standing there staring at her with mischievous grins on their faces. 
Her face blushed moments later when she realized how she was dressed, and she quickly scrambled back inside the bedroom, slamming the door shut behind her with a loud bang. 
When did those two get here? Wait… They said Sebastian wanted me to take them home, so… Does that mean he brought them here? 
Sasha calmed down slightly at the thought of that. 
Little did she know, the smiles on the kids’ faces vanished the moment she shut the bedroom door. 
“What do you think Daddy’s playing at this time? Why would he choose to sleep here instead of coming home to us? Also, I can’t believe he just got up and left even after Mommy came looking for him! How dare he call himself a man?” Matteo asked. 
Despite them being very smart, they were still too young to understand adult matters. 
Having been raised by Sebastian, Ian kept quiet as he already had a feeling this would happen. 
Even so, he was disappointed to the core when he saw Sebastian driving off without looking back earlier. 
“I’ll take care of this. You just make sure Mommy doesn’t find out.” 
Matteo pouted reluctantly but agreed to do as told anyway. 
Just like that, the three of them headed back home later that afternoon.
Suspecting nothing after hearing what the two of them said, Sasha began making dinner together with the housemaids upon arriving home. 
“Little Ian, could you ask Daddy when he’ll be home? Mommy’s about to make dinner!” 
“Okay!” 
Ian, who was playing with Vivian at the time, ran into the living room to give Sebastian a call. 
Meanwhile, in the penthouse suite of Hayes Corporation, Sebastian glanced at his phone that was vibrating on the desk before putting it on silent. 
Are you kidding me? He’s not even answering calls from his family now? 
Luke was surprised when he saw that, but kept his thoughts to himself and carried on talking about the case from yesterday. 
“The case is closed. Solomon has pleaded guilty, and Sinch Enterprise has returned the stocks it took from Hayes Corporation. However, he managed to get away scot-free by pinning all of the blame on another vice president in the company,” Luke said while placing the files on Sebastian’s desk. 
As Solomon was a lawyer himself, they had anticipated for him to easily find a loophole in the case and get away with his crimes. 
As such, Sebastian was not surprised in the slightest upon hearing the news and simply shot Luke a cold glare in silence. 
Um… Is that my cue to leave now or what? Mr. Hayes seems to be in a really bad mood today, so I think it would be dangerous to stick around. I’d better leave… 
Right as Luke was about to turn around, Sebastian called out to him and said, “Didn’t they have us on the ropes at some point? Why would they suddenly plead guilty?”
“Huh? How did you know that?” Luke asked out of surprise, only to quickly cover his mouth when he realized he had misspoken. 
Sebastian glared daggers at him, and the atmosphere was so tense that it felt like he would skin Luke alive if he didn’t come clean. 
Luke shuddered a little as he said, “M-Mr. Hayes… I didn’t mean to keep it a secret or anything! I just thought there was no need to worry you since we won anyway…” 
“Worry?” Sebastian chuckled coldly. “What do you mean by that? Come on, tell me.” 
Luke had broken out in a cold sweat at that point. 
He didn’t want to talk about it because it would lead to more conflicts between the two, but Sebastian had found out about it on his own. 
“We had a bit of an issue with our evidence. It’s the CD that we presented the court with. Solomon was somehow able to present an exact same copy, except theirs was a lot more complete.” 
“More complete?” 
“Yes. Basically, it included the part that we edited out where he knelt in front of Frederick…” 
Luke’s voice grew softer and softer toward the end of his sentence. 
As expected, the tension in the office increased to a terrifying degree after that, and the sounds of their breathing were all they could hear in the deafening silence. 
“So, my master tape was taken away?” 
“Who took it? Was it her?” He spat those words forcefully out of his mouth.
Oh, no! 
Luke quickly looked up and defended Sasha by explaining, “S-Sir, I’m sure Mrs. Hayes had her reasons for doing that! I mean, Sinch Enterprise only pleaded guilty after she went there!” 
###Chapter 623
Chapter 623
“Is that so? But that man got away scot-free, didn’t he?” Sebastian asked with a sarcastic smile on his face. 
“Huh?” 
Luke didn’t know what else to say at that point. 
Yup, she did it again… This woman has really gone too far this time… 
The phone on the table rang once again, snapping Sebastian out of his state of rage. 
He then grabbed the phone and answered it, “Hello?” 
“Daddy, I’m sick…” 
Sebastian froze when he heard the weak voice on the phone, and he forgot all about his anger instantly. 
“What happened to you? Where’s your mom?” He instinctively asked about Sasha as he was absent while his child was sick. 
“Mommy isn’t home right now, and I don’t know where she went. Will you take me to the hospital, Daddy? I’m not feeling so good…” Ian mumbled weakly. 
He even coughed a few times just to make it seem more convincing. 
Having lost all motivation to work after hanging up, Sebastian switched off his laptop and stood up from his desk.
“Are you going home, Mr. Hayes?” Luke asked in confusion. 
“Didn’t you hear? My son is sick! I want you to call that woman and have her head home immediately! Honestly, how could she be so irresponsible as a mother?” Sebastian snapped back at him impatiently before grabbing his car keys and storming off, leaving Luke all alone in his office. 
He stood there for quite a while before scratching his head in confusion. He wants me to call Mrs. Hayes? Why doesn’t he call her himself? I don’t understand why he feels the need to do it through me… 
Back at the Hayes Residence, Sasha was still busy preparing dinner in the kitchen. 
Given their passionate lovemaking session and what the kids had told her earlier, she assumed Sebastian was no longer mad at her, and that the two of them had made up at last. 
As such, she was planning on making a sumptuous feast that night. 
“You sure are great at cooking, Madam! Look at all these dishes you’ve made!” the housemaid exclaimed when she saw the food on the kitchen counter. 
“Haha, not really! These are just some simple dishes that I learned while raising the kids back then!” Sasha said with a smile as she placed the last calzone onto the plate. 
She had made those specifically for Sebastian as he disliked greasy food and was allergic to leek. 
I stuffed these with beef, ham, and his favorite Matsutake mushrooms! I’m sure he’ll love it! 
Sasha thought to herself happily as she served it up on a special plate. 
“Have you called your daddy yet, Little Ian? When will he be coming home?” Sasha asked as she stepped out of the kitchen after everything was ready. 
She had wanted to ask him what time Sebastian would return, but there was no sign of Ian anywhere.
“Don’t bother looking for Ian, Mommy. He went out to wait for Daddy at the front door!” Vivian called out to her from the garden. 
Ah! So he’s gone to welcome Sebastian. 
Feeling glad to hear that, Sasha stopped looking for Ian and went upstairs where she changed into a clean coat as her clothes reeked of smoke. 
Sebastian had just arrived outside the Hayes Residence and was surprised to see Ian waiting for him in the cold weather. 
Wait… Didn’t he say he was really sick? 
That was the first thought that came to mind, and it made him a lot more furious. 
He then stopped the car and came running over to his son as he asked, “Why are you standing out here, Ian? Is it really bad?” 
However, Ian took a step back when he saw him. 
“Did you and Mommy get into a fight again?” 
“What?” 
With his outstretched arm frozen in mid-air, Sebastian frowned when his hug was refused. 
Did this kid trick me? 
Ian didn’t care if he got mad as he really wanted an answer. “Mommy hasn’t slept well ever since you returned, and she came home crying last night! Did you bully Mommy again? Answer me!”
Having fully confirmed that Ian lied to him about being sick so he would come home, the look of anxiety and worry on Sebastian’s face disappeared as he went livid with rage. 
“Ian! How dare you lie to your daddy?” 
It was Ian’s first time seeing this terrifying side of him, and even he went pale from fear himself. 
###Chapter 624
Chapter 624
Unfortunately, that only lasted a few seconds. The kid became even more fearless when he shouted again, “Hey, I am asking you a question. Did you bully Mommy? Tell me!” 
He was just like Sebastian and would fight persistently to protect the people he loved. He didn’t care what danger lay ahead. 
And Sebastian? Who did he take after? 
Perhaps he was just like his biological father, who died due to that fearlessness and persistence. 
Sebastian’s irises narrowed. He felt the emotions, which he had just spent so much effort suppressing, flooding and attacking him again. That got him to reach out to drag the naughty little rascal over. 
“Sebby? You’re home?” 
Sasha suddenly showed up. She was wearing a khaki shirt with short sleeves while her hair was tied up into a bun. Her watery, brown eyes shone when she saw Sebastian there. 
She ran over happily. 
Ian stopped making a fuss right away. He stood quietly at the side as if nothing had happened earlier. 
“Mommy…” 
“Huh? Why are you waiting for your daddy here? It’s too cold out here. Don’t worry. He won’t run away and will definitely go play with you now that he’s home.”
Sasha crouched down in front of her son. She saw how his big, round eyes seemed wet with tears and assumed that it was caused by the icy wind. 
That got her to caress his tiny face with a broken heart. 
“Let’s go, Sebby. It’s too cold here, and our baby is freezing.” 
She picked her son up before turning to look at the man standing behind her. 
Sebastian was speechless. 
He hesitated and wondered if he should say anything. That hesitation prompted Ian’s eyes to glare icily over and shoot a silent warning at Sebastian. In the end, Sebastian’s legs moved, and he followed everyone in. 
“Matteo, Vivi, come quick. Your daddy is home, so go set the table. We’re having dinner.” 
When all three of them entered the house, they saw the bright orange light illuminating the place. It made the icy winter seem warm all of a sudden. The kids were playing; the housemaids were busying away; and the appetizing smell from the dining room was drifting over… 
Everything was telling Sebastian that he was in the best possible position in life. 
Simple, lovely, calming, and peaceful… 
Sebastian ended up sitting at the dining table. He never showed any emotions or acted up during the meal. Instead, he ate like he had always done so and was patient in getting the kids to eat well. 
“Alright, you’ve finished eating, and your daddy is tired, so let the housemaids help you shower, then go to bed, okay?”
Sasha was understanding and noted that the kids had been messing with their dad during the meal. Hence, she had the housemaid babysit the kids. 
The only thing off was that her eldest son, Ian, was acting a little strange. 
Huh… he is hesitant to leave and keeps staring at his dad… 
“Alright now, your daddy won’t run away, so you don’t need to keep staring like that. Be good and go to bed, okay? I promise that I will get him to play with you tomorrow morning.” 
Sasha noticed that weird stare, so she walked over to coo him in exasperation. 
The kids were delighted to hear that. One replied, “Okay, Mommy.” 
Everyone left happily after that. 
Matteo dragged Ian along. 
The place became quiet as soon as the kids left. The housemaids cleared away the dirty dishes, and Sasha saw Sebastian there. She blushed when she recalled what happened earlier that day, but she walked over anyway. 
“Sebby, shall we retire to our room as well? You worked all day, so you should rest early.” 
Sebastian never replied. 
His gaze was stuck on her, and it was as if he was scrutinizing it. 
Every smile, every blink, and the way her eyes shone in anticipation when she said those words… He caught it all. He even caught the fleeting blush across her beautiful face and guessed that she recalled what happened earlier that day.
I will never be able to reject her requests. If he could, Sebastian would take her to their room right away and hold her tightly in his arms. 
He would never get tired or bored with her. 
Unfortunately, he couldn’t be with her. 
Sebastian refused to let her suffer like Frieda did because Sasha was his everything. 
“No, I think I’ll head back to Frontier Bay,” replied Sebastian when his lips parted. He could hear how calm and distant he sounded when he said those words. 
“Huh?” blurted Sasha, who suddenly tilted her head up and stared at him in astonishment. “Y-you’re heading over to Frontier Bay? Why?” 
All it took was a few seconds for the incredibly intelligent woman to turn pale. 
Sebastian acted like he never saw anything. He stood up and spoke as if she was a stranger. He even looked over with an icy glare before he answered, “I think it’s better if we take some time apart.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha had finally reached the point where she couldn’t speak anymore. 
It felt as if rain had fallen on the parade in her mind, and boom! Suddenly, her mind was blank. 
W-why do we need to stay apart for a while? 
She simply didn’t understand it. 
She stiffened in addition to being pale, and her eyes shone with disbelief as tears swelled up. Sasha looked in to his eyes, and asked in a quivering voice, “W-why do we need to stay apart for a while?”
“Because it is undeniable that you played a role in my mom’s death. I simply can’t convince myself to live with you anymore.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
“Besides, you care about him too, don’t you? You even went as far as stealing from the company just to save him. Isn’t it great that I am giving you the opportunity to think about what you really want?” 
Sebastian looked away. His tone was borderline cruel when he told her the two reasons why they should stay apart. 
###Chapter 625
Chapter 625
Silence finally befell after he said those words. 
It was as if every sound and every vibration in the universe had paused. Sasha was as pale as paper, but at that moment, she simply couldn’t say a word. 
All that was left was crystal clear tears rolling down her cheeks. 
Everything he said was true. 
Sasha couldn’t deny that she played a role in his mom’s death. Her intention was to protect him, but by keeping the truth from Sebastian, Sasha inadvertently caused Freida to die by the Jadesons’ hands. 
That was simply how things were. 
Sasha could tell him why she stole from the Legal department and let him know that the truth wasn’t what he thought it was… 
But no one would believe that. 
The tape she stole was the original and only copy. 
Moreover, Solomon was spared by the legal system in the end. His freedom was something Sasha couldn’t explain away. 
It only took a few minutes to kick Sasha down from cloud nine, and she felt like she had fallen to hell. All she could do was reach out with her trembling hand and grip the edge of his shirt like she did when she was a kid. Tears rolled down her cheeks like rain.
“That’s not what happened, Sebby. L-listen to me. Sebby…” 
“Let me go!” 
History was repeating itself in an eerily similar way. 
Sebastian pulled his shirt away promptly and cruelly like he did when he was a kid. 
Distaste and hatred donned his face, as he walked straight away. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She swayed a little before her legs gave way in the dining room, where she could still smell the dinner they had together earlier. She just sat there on the floor. 
Karl was already outside the place at the time. 
Actually… It was more accurate to say that he had been waiting for quite a while. He was sent to investigate the Jadesons, and it just so happened that he learned something. That was why he returned that night. 
At first, he planned on entering the premises right away to report his findings. 
However, he noticed that something was off when he was hanging out on the rooftop. That got him to change his mind, and he waited patiently outside. 
“Mr. Hayes.” 
Karl rushed over and supported Sebastian when he saw how the latter ran out and fumbled. 
Unfortunately, Karl was too late.
Karl felt something warm and wet when he held Sebastian to stop the latter from falling. That sensation prompted Karl to tilt his head down. The faint light from the front porch showed Karl that crimson red liquid was sitting on his palm… 
“Mr. Hayes, what…?” 
“Shut… up. Leave now!” 
Sebastian’s mind was spinning, and he felt like his chest was about to split open. He managed to give that order, but he fainted beside the bodyguard at the very next second. 
That’s right. Sebastian had been suffering from a fever for the entire day. 
Sasha actually noticed that when she went to Frontier Bay earlier that morning. Unfortunately, Sebastian pulled her in, and they slept together. 
That distracted Sasha and made her forget all about his illness. 
Karl had no choice but to hurry out of the place with Sebastian. The former helped the latter into the car and saw the blood at the edge of his lips. A terrifying thought flashed past Karl’s mind. 
Wait, is his brain overstimulated in the past few days? His blood vessel didn’t break apart, did it? 
Karl sped down the road and went straight to the hospital. 
Half an hour later. 
Fortunately, the doctors’ diagnosis was different from what Karl had presumed. 
“Oh my gosh, how can he not take care of himself when he’s running a fever that high? He’s lucky that it was just high blood pressure this time. Why the hell did you let him get so agitated when his fever is so
terrible? You realize that being so excited can lead to heart problems, right? He may be an adult, but that doesn’t mean he’s immune to conditions like these.” 
The doctor reprimanded Karl mercilessly after examining Sebastian’s condition. 
Karl couldn’t say anything at that moment. 
All he could do was grin awkwardly and let the doctor clean the unconscious Sebastian up. After that, the doctor attached a saline bag to Sebastian. 
Karl was truly wronged. He wasn’t even allowed into the house when he brought Sebastian to Frontier Bay on the day before. Hence, there was no way he could know that Sebastian was sick. As for Sebastian getting agitated… Well, that was something Karl definitely couldn’t prevent. 
He was just a bodyguard, so how could he butt in on his employer’s family matters? 
Still, he took the prescription and went to the pharmacy obediently after the doctor handed the slip over. 
“Karl?” 
“Mr. Chandler?” 
Karl had the prescription with him when he heard someone calling out to him. He tilted his head up and seemed pleasantly surprised when he saw the other guy. 
Mr. Chandler. Yep, the person who showed up suddenly was Sebastian’s pal, Jake Chandler. 
“Mr. Chandler, what brought you here? Did Mr. Hayes call you over?” 
“No,” replied Jake.
He flung his head a little and tossed his hair to the other side of his youthful, handsome face. Unfortunately, he was not smiling as brightly as he used to. A mild hint of loneliness had tainted his eyes. 
“I heard about what happened to Sebastian, so I thought I’d drop by to visit him. How is he doing?” asked Jake as he shifted his gaze toward the region behind Karl. 
Karl thought about how his boss fainted earlier, and that got him to sigh, then shake his head. 
“It’s bad. Honestly, this is hitting him hard.” 
“Yeah, I thought so. Devin had it bad as well. He never knew that the mission his family assigned to him was to capture Sebastian’s mom. That got him to throw a tantrum when he got back, and he is locked up now,” shared Jake with a heavy heart. 
Karl didn’t know how to respond to that because Devin was one of the reasons why Sebastian was hurting. 
They were on the train when they found Frieda, and Devin had every opportunity to let her go. However, he hesitated for a moment when Sebastian stepped up to take Frieda away. 
Devin’s men fired his gun at the very next second, and tragedy ensued. 
###Chapter 626
Chapter 626
“Devin actually feels really guilty about it. He wants to drop by, but his family had locked him up, so he can’t,” said Jake to defend Devin. The former deliberated it, but he felt he should defend the latter anyway. 
Karl, however, scoffed upon hearing that. 
Guilt? 
Mr. Hayes called Devin after learning that he was the one who took Frieda away. If Devin actually cared, he wouldn’t have hung up on Mr. Hayes. 
Moreover, when we reached the train and saw him in person, he didn’t let Mr. Hayes leave with his mom. Instead, Devin kept negotiating and asked if he could take Frieda to the Jadesons’ Residence first. 
What bullsh*t. There was no way Frieda could survive if she was brought over. 
All in all, Karl thought that Devin played a significant role in the matter. 
Perhaps the fault stemmed from Devin’s upbringing and how he was trained to obey the Jadesons’ commands, though. He was not like his Uncle Shin and didn’t have the courage to fight against his family. 
He certainly didn’t have the guts to stay true to himself. 
“Come on, let me take you to go see how Mr. Hayes is doing,” said Karl to change the subject. He turned around immediately after to take Jake to Sebastian’s room.
Jake didn’t reply. 
He turned grimmer and could only follow along. 
Sebastian remained unconscious in the room. He laid quietly on the bed and had a bag of saline attached to him. One look was all it took to see how he had turned pale with deep eye shadows donning his face. He looked utterly disheveled. 
How did his condition turn so bad in just a matter of days? 
Jake felt even worse upon seeing that. He thought about what he wanted to say, but he could no longer deliver the speech he prepared. 
“Please feel free to sit, Mr. Chandler. I’ll head over to collect the medicine for Mr. Hayes.” 
“Okay,” murmured Jake. 
He nodded before he went and sat down beside Sebastian’s bed with slumped shoulders and head. 
Jake actually had another reason for dropping by. For years, the four guys had been close pals. Hence, the huge issue arising between Devin and Sebastian had made Jake and Shawn feel bad as well. 
That was why Jake rushed over. He lived near the city, after all. 
“What do we do now that you and Devin are in such a dilemma? You know, Devin really didn’t mean to do all that. He meant to come to visit after everything happened, but the Jadesons locked him up. Sebastian, do you think you can find it in you to not blame him?” asked Jake. 
He sat on the chair and seemed a little troubled when he spoke up for Devin. 
Devin and Jake’s friendship was stronger than most friendships. They both grew up in Jadeborough, and their families were close because both worked for the government.
That made it so that Jake grew up watching Devin. 
Cough! Cough! 
No one knew how much time had passed, but Sebastian, who had been resting on the hospital bed, suddenly coughed. After that, he slowly opened his eyes in the cold, uninviting hospital room. 
“Sebastian, you’re up!” blurted Jake, who was instantly delighted upon seeing that. 
Cough! 
Sebastian coughed again. Perhaps it was because he had just woken up and still hadn’t gotten used to his surrounding, but he couldn’t catch his breath. 
Jake noticed that, so he quickly poured Sebastian a glass of water. “Sebastian, are you alright?” asked Jake, “Here, let me help you up.” 
After that, Jake helped Sebastian sit up on the bed and handed the latter a glass of warm water. 
The warm liquid flushed down Sebastian’s burning throat and eased the pain. That finally made Sebastian feel better and allowed him to regain a fragment of his strength. 
“What brought you here?” asked Sebastian. 
He looked at Jake, but his slightly pale handsome face showed no warmth when he did so. 
Jake saw that, so he quickly explained himself, “I came to visit you, Sebastian. Shawn and I are so sorry that we weren’t around when something so terrible happened between you and Devin. If we had been around…”
“This has nothing to do with either of you,” interrupted Sebastian cruelly. There was even a hint of impatience in his eyes as he spoke. 
That frightened Jake and shut him right up. 
He knew just how bad Sebastian’s temper was. They had known each other for years. Among the four of them, Devin was the warmest and kindest one, whereas Sebastian was his polar opposite. 
Sebastian was quick to lose his temper and was difficult to pacify once he did so. 
“So, uh, Devin asked me to deliver a message for him. He said that he hasn’t told the family who you really are and claimed that he would keep this secret for you if you wish so,” informed Jake carefully as he inched away from the bedside. 
The Jadesons doesn’t know who I am yet? 
As suspected, Sebastian shifted his gaze to Jake and taunted, “Is he joking? He already sent his men to go after my mom, so how could the Jadesons not know who I am?” 
“It’s true. When Devin received his mission, his family only told him to capture your mom. They never even mentioned you. Remember, Sebastian, that you are a member of the Hayes as far as anyone else is concerned. If no one investigates your birth, no one will know that you are actually Shin’s son.” 
Jake was quick to offer the explanation Devin gave when the former saw how Sebastian wasn’t buying any of that. 
That was the truth as well. The Jadesons actually only knew about Frieda. They knew nothing about Sebastian’s true identity, and that was all thanks to Frederick’s work from all those years ago. 
Sebastian finally stopped talking. 
###Chapter 627
Chapter 627
There was a moment when a glimmer of hope shone within Sebastian’s heart. 
It was as if he was in a deep well, and someone suddenly tossed a rope down. He might not be able to climb out of it himself, but at least he could save everyone else. He could send everyone away. 
Thank the heavens that it’s not too late. 
“Sebastian?” 
“I heard you. Go back and tell him that my surname will only ever be Hayes. I will not accept any other surnames or titles!” growled Sebastian icily and clearly when he told Jake his decision. 
Jake understood what that meant right away. 
He will not accept another surname, so that means that he doesn’t want to be a member of the Jadesons. 
That also means that Devin has to help keep everything a secret for as long as he could. 
Jake left soon after. 
Karl was stunned when he entered the room because it only took a moment, but his employer had already become the only one in the room. “Mr. Hayes,” said Karl, “Did Mr. Chandler…” 
“Look into my wife’s recent schedule and learn if she had been in contact with that woman in Jetroina,” interrupted Sebastian harshly. His voice carried no warmth, and it was as if he had turned into an entirely different person.
Karl was stunned once more. 
He wants me to investigate Madam? Why? How could she possibly have gotten in touch with Yancy? That is simply impossible. 
Karl assumed that he misheard it, so he asked, “Mr. Hayes, i-is your fever not down yet? How could Madam possibly be in contact with that woman? That’s just ridiculous.” 
“You’ll know if it’s ridiculous once you investigated the matter,” insisted Sebastian. 
His tone was even icier than before. It felt as cold as the chilly wind outside, and Karl felt a chill run down his spine after hearing that. 
What is up with the guy? Does he not trust his own wife? 
In the end, Karl had no choice but to sigh before investigating the matter. 
Sasha had no idea how she survived through the night. 
All she knew was that morning had rolled by when she regained consciousness. 
“What did he say last night? Why were you acting like a lunatic? You might’ve already frozen to death if I hadn’t dragged you into your room.” 
Sabrina acted totally out of character that night and stayed guard inside the room. Her bloodshot eyes were burning with exhaustion. She was so frustrated that she demanded an answer when she saw Sasha waking up. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She hadn’t even answered that question before she recalled how merciless Sebastian was when he spoke. Her nose became runny, and tears gathered in her eyes once more.
“Okay, fine. You don’t need to tell me anything. Also, don’t you cry. I’m warning you. You better not let the kids see you like this. If they do, they will turn the entire place upside down,” said Sabrina, who stopped Sasha from talking because she felt a headache coming when she saw Sasha in that state. 
Sasha turned a little paler. 
It took her some time before she found the right words. Her voice was thick with tears when she looked at Sabrina, who was leaving to babysit the kids, and said, “Thank you…” 
Sabrina didn’t reply. 
This life is really getting out of hand. Why is everything always in a mess? 
Sasha left the house at eight o’clock sharp to go to work. 
She had to go because that was the only place she could see him and explain herself. I must answer the two issues he mentioned last night. 
Sasha had already decided. It didn’t matter if he’d listen or if he’d even understand what she would say. She had to tell him the truth and let him know that she didn’t want to leave him. 
She definitely didn’t want the two of them to grow apart because of something like that. 
Sasha showed up in the office. 
“Look! She’s here…” 
“Oh yeah, she’s here. What was she thinking? She’s already the boss, so why does she keep trying to help others?” 
“Who knows?”
Those words surprised Sasha. The people in the office were no longer greeting her politely and were, instead, pointing and gossiping about her. 
Sasha didn’t speak. 
There was no real reason, but she suddenly had a bad feeling, so she rushed into the elevator. 
As suspected, when she reached the operational department, she noticed that her colleagues were no longer as friendly as they used to be. They simply greeted her hurriedly before they returned to their seats. 
It was as if she was a tornado that would cause destruction to them if they got too close. 
What is going on? 
Sasha felt even more uncertain. 
She hurried into her office with her bag. That was when she saw how the computer on her desk was missing. Additionally, it was obvious that someone had rummaged through her drawers. 
“Jenny? Jenny!” 
Sasha couldn’t remain calm anymore, so she shouted for her assistant. 
“Ms. Wand,” greeted Jenny, who rushed over immediately. 
“What the hell happened? Where is my computer, and what happened to my documents? Who rummaged through my office?” 
“Ms. Wand, t-the internal investigation department sent someone to investigate you. We don’t know the specifics, but they showed up early this morning and took everything away,” replied Jenny as her voice trembled. Fear was written all over her face.
Sasha’s expression took a sharp change. 
The internal investigation department… That is the department that specializes in investigating the higher-ups of the company. Their job is to make sure that no one breaks the law or embezzle funds, and they have caught many bloodsucking leeches over the years, so… why are they investigating me? I never did anything. 
###Chapter 628
Chapter 628
Moreover, she wasn’t just the head of the department. She was also the president’s wife, so why didn’t they do things discretely? Who the hell allowed them to do so? 
Sasha was a little angry. 
Two minutes later, the internal investigation department called her. 
“Sorry Ms. Wand, but we found something in your computer. Do you mind dropping by?” 
Sasha didn’t speak. She simply hung up and headed over with a grouchy expression. 
There was no way there’d be any incriminating information on her computer because she had never done anything bad. Hence, she was fearless. 
Sasha barged into the office angrily. 
However, when she showed up, she was surprised to see that the people had gotten into her chat history and printed it out for her. 
“Ms. Wand, this app is synced with the one on your phone. Please take a look and confirm if it is your record.” 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She instantly turned pale because that chatroom was the one she shared with Yancy. They were discussing how she would steal the footage from the company!
She had forgotten that the software was installed on her computer, and that particular company sync every device in real-time. 
“No, this is… You have to listen to me…” 
“We’re sorry, Ms. Wand, but our department is only responsible for examining the computers. We are not the ones who will be interrogating you. I will send the record to Mr. Hayes right away. Please talk to him in person about it.” 
The employee sent the record up to the chains of command before Sasha could even react to it. 
She was speechless. 
It only took a second. She felt like a bucket of ice water had rained down from her head and froze her from head to toe. 
N-no! thought Sasha. I only did all that because my hands were tied. 
She was utterly lost as a hint of fear seeped out of her. She immediately left the room and ran as fast as she could to the top floor where the president’s office was located. 
At that moment, the entire office was discussing the matter. 
It was as if she had returned to the previous state. She was no longer the prestigious and powerful wife of the company’s president. She had reverted to the clown that everyone dissed and hated. 
Sasha ran into the president’s office. 
“Sebby, I…” 
She barged into the room. At first, she wanted to explain herself right away.
However, when she entered the room, she saw how the guy sitting behind the enormous desk was staring right at the computer in front of him. He didn’t even blink! 
His expression was as terrifying as raining bombs. 
Fear suddenly arose within her, and her words became stuck in her throat. She simply couldn’t say anything. 
“What are you here to say?” Sebastian asked. 
His voice was filled with more distance than anyone could imagine, and every word inspired fear when they escaped his lips. 
Sasha couldn’t help trembling once more. 
What was she there to say? 
Naturally, she was there to tell him that things were not as they seem. Those records were only there because she was conning Yancy at the time and was going through the motion. 
“Sebby, I…” 
“Do not call me that! Hearing you say my name disgusts me,” roared the guy all of a sudden. His fuse broke, and after howling like a lunatic, he lost control, then smashed his computer onto the floor. 
Sasha was scared. 
She hugged her head and screamed before she stumbled backward. 
Has he gone insane? 
Her eyes instantly turned red with tears.
“Sasha Wand! I can’t believe I trusted you. I actually thought that I misunderstood you and went to Horrington despite the heavy snow. I even took the smelly and disgusting public transport for you! Yet, now it’s proven that my suspicion had been right the entire time. How could you make a deal with that woman and rescue her son?” 
The guy had bloodshot eyes, and he howled as he pointed at the shattered computer on the floor. 
That glare was so intense that it was as if he would skin her alive. 
Hearing that made Sasha feel like someone had added fuel to the hazardous fire that was swallowing her whole. She tilted her head up, and there was a second when her face turned so ridiculously pale. It was so terrible that she instinctively shut down, and she didn’t know what to do. 
“Did I hit the bull’s eye? So you admit that you are the one who rescued him?” 
Sebastian saw how she looked and instantly felt insulted. His glare inspired as much fear as a real-life demon might. 
Sasha’s lips parted. 
No, that is not what happened! I saved the guy, but I only did it for you. 
Sasha swayed. Her pale fingers gripped her chest. She hadn’t even said anything before her tears rolled down her cheeks. 
“Sebby, I-I only did that for you…” 
“Awh, how f*cking noble. It all comes back to me, doesn’t it? Are you trying to say that you only rescued him because you don’t want that woman to expose how I am not Frederick’s biological son?” 
Sebastian finished Sasha’s sentence for her.
Sasha was taken aback. 
She came back around instantly. She nodded profusely and replied, “Yes, that is what happened!” 
###Chapter 629
Chapter 629
Sebastian immediately laughed like a maniac, then added, “You really will say anything to lie to me now, huh? Yancy’s ive is to get her hands on Hayes Corporation and make her son the head of the company. She hadn’t achieved any of that, so why would she expose that secret?” 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She stood there for a few seconds. She couldn’t quite figure out what he was talking about. 
Her confusion remained until the guy staring at her suddenly sneered. His eyes shone with more than just distaste and anger. There was also immense pain, hatred, and sorrow. 
That got revelation to hit her. 
He’s right! Yancy is smarter than that. She will never expose Sebastian’s identity right now because that fact is her best trump card. She will never play that card unless she has something to gain! In other words, she was playing me the entire time, and I kept being conned. 
What might that mean? 
It meant that deep down, Sasha instinctively didn’t want to see Solomon anywhere near her. She might have rescued him subconsciously, but it was undeniable that she did so willingly. 
Sasha broke down. 
“N-no, I-I didn’t do it on purpose. I had no intention and was only w-worried about you…”
Her words were in pieces, but she tried to defend herself, anyway. No one could have anticipated it, but a doctor like her could actually be pushed so much that she couldn’t even think straight anymore. 
Sebastian stared icily. 
He saw how she had turned into a mess and noted how she was trying to defend herself. Unfortunately, she couldn’t even find an excuse. That made him feel like he was being insulted. 
“Sasha, we should get a divorce.” 
“What did you say?” 
Sasha heard those words. She tilted her head up suddenly, and her stunning face turned paper pale. 
Sebastian didn’t look at her. 
He was comparatively calm at that point and had returned to his seat. He leaned against his backrest while his sickly pale handsome face shone with exhaustion. 
“I am tired. I don’t want to debate about what is going on between you and him any more, and I don’t want to think about what happened to my mom, either. We should just part peacefully,” explained Sebastian calmly. 
Sasha felt like lightning had struck her. 
A divorce? He wants a divorce because of that? Why? Are those crimes really that unforgivable? Everything I did, I did for him. As for the matter with his mom… I didn’t do it on purpose. Why must he give me the death sentence? How is this fair? 
Sasha was shaken to her core. She stared at the cruel man in front of her and couldn’t believe that he would utter those words.
“Are you kidding me? I am sorry about what happened to your mom, but the matter between Solomon and I… Okay, let’s say that I intended to help him, but even then, I only did that because I wanted to kick him out of my life sooner. How can you say that there is something between the two of us? And on what grounds are you divorcing me? Sebastian Hayes, aren’t you being too impulsive?” 
Sasha had come back to her senses and was growling at him. 
Sebastian stared silently. That gaze was so cold that it was as if he was looking at a stranger. 
“No, it’s not impulsive. It’s a torture to be with you now because I think about how my mom died in my arms whenever I see your face. Also, every touch just reminds me of how Solomon pushed you to the wall that day at the hospital. You know how I am, Sasha. I will not condone even the slightest flaw, and I definitely won’t use second-hand stuff.” 
That last sentence was simply too cruel. 
Sasha turned pale again immediately after Sebastian said those words. Her sharp fingers dug into her palm and the pain stung her like nothing else. 
Second-hand stuff? Must he use words like that to describe me? When I have already made things clear? 
Sasha turned teary-eyed once more, but that time, it was from sorrow of being wronged. She demanded, “Sebastian Hayes, must you insult me like this? Fine, if that makes you feel better, then so be it. I will tell you this, though. I will never agree to a divorce.” 
Her tears dripped down, but surprisingly, she said every single word clearly when she told him that she wouldn’t sign the divorce papers. 
To make matters worse, she stubbornly sat down on the sofa after she finished speaking.
Sebastian was taken aback. 
He probably never anticipated that reaction. In the past, she was so sensitive that she would overthink things if his tone were off. Yet, at that moment, she remained calm even after being insulted like that. 
She won’t sign the divorce papers? 
The guy sat there. His long fingers had curled, and he had clenched his fist so tightly that his veins were showing. 
“Fine, then we will go by the law! I have the evidence with me, anyway. It might actually be faster this way,” replied Sebastian before he shot an icy glare at the computer he smashed onto the floor. 
Is he accusing me of cheating? 
Sasha was shocked. Her eyes bulged and her jaw dropped as she stared at the guy. She couldn’t speak for a few seconds. 
###Chapter 630
Chapter 630
Sebastian caught her reaction. Distaste shone in his eyes once more, and he shouted impatiently, “Guards!” 
“Mr. Hayes.” 
“Get her out of here, and in the future, do not let her set foot in here without my permission.” 
His symmetrical, handsome face oozed cruelty as he issued that order mercilessly. He sat there and never took another look at the woman. 
His gaze remained ferocious. 
Sasha stared numbly. 
She remained in a daze even after they dragged her out of the office. At that moment, she didn’t even know where she was anymore. It felt like she was dreaming. 
He actually asked for a divorce, and he was so adamant about it that he would go to the courthouse to sue me if I refuse to sign the divorce papers. 
Why? Didn’t we just agree to start anew and live together happily as a family? How did things suddenly turn out like this? 
Sasha stood in front of the elevator. 
“Madam, where are you going? The operational department is that way,” said the guy who dragged her away after he saw how she was standing still. He even pointed in the right direction for her.
Unfortunately, Sasha couldn’t seem to hear him. 
She stood there numbly for a while before she stepped forward and walked out of the office like a zombie. 
“What’s up with her? Did something actually happen?” 
“Obviously. Did you see how shattered she looks? I heard that she barged into her husband’s office just moments ago.” 
“I simply don’t understand. She already has it all, so what was she thinking?” 
The gossip around the office never ended, even though everyone saw how terrible she looked. 
They’re right. What the hell was I thinking? 
Sasha left the office like she was a zombie and wondered where she should go. She scanned around while in a daze, then she turned right. 
Ten minutes or so later, Luke barged into Sebastian’s office and reported, “Something terrible happened, Mr. Hayes. Madam… She went to the metro station.” 
The guy working away at his desk did not take a pause, his hands kept swirling the tip of his pen against the paper as he asked, “So what? Do you feel like chasing after her?” 
Luke was speechless. 
What the hell does that mean? She’s not my wife, so why would I chase after her? I only came to report my findings. 
What Luke found to be strange, however, was that Sebastian would usually put his job aside whenever he heard about how Sasha was acting out of character.
Yet, at that moment, Sebastian behaved like he didn’t even know who she was. 
“Never talk about her again or I will fire you!” 
Luke didn’t respond. 
Sebastian added, “Also, write up a notice and tell everyone in the company how she broke the rules. She is fired and will no longer be clocking in.” 
This man is actually doing something even more heartless and cruel? 
Luke was stunned to his core. 
Has he lost his mind? Why is he suddenly being so harsh? 
Luke couldn’t make heads or tails of what his employer was doing, but it didn’t really matter. Luke was just the hired help, so he was not in a position to ask despite being confused. 
That day, as Sasha stood numbly at the metro station, the company put out a notice about her heinous crimes. 
The punishment for that, and the most heartbreaking part of her day, was that she got fired. 
“Why are you eating ice cream? It’s cold today, and you’ll get sick if you eat it.” 
There weren’t many people there, but surprisingly, another girl saw Sasha when she was eating her ice cream on the bench. 
Sasha slowly turned to the girl. The former replied, “I’ll be fine. I was just thinking about something and will head home after I finish eating it.” 
“Okay…”
The little girl nodded while still being somewhat confused. 
Yeah, I can go home after I finish eating it. The same thing happened in the past, right? I had some ice cream while I was in Horington, and he came to take me home just as I finished it. 
Thinking about that past prompted Sasha to scoop a huge chunk of ice cream from the cup and shove it into her mouth. 
Maybe it was because she scooped too much ice cream or perhaps it was something else, but she suddenly felt so cold that she shivered. That chill emanated throughout her body. 
She titled her gaze down. Drip! A drop of warm tear fell into the cup. 
I don’t have a home anymore. I am about to get a divorce, so my home no longer exists. 
She suddenly felt a sting in her heart. It was as if someone had clawed something out of her chest and tore her muscles and nerves along with it. She was in living hell, and it hurt so much that she couldn’t finish eating. With her ice cream still with her, she brawled. 
“Miss, are you okay? What’s wrong?” 
A good Samaritan saw her and walked over to ask how she was doing. 
Unfortunately, it seemed that Sasha couldn’t hear anything. She cried as overwhelming sorrow and unending pain threatened to drown her. Her ears could no longer take in any surrounding noise. 
The good Samaritan had no choice but to sit at her side and keep her company while waiting patiently. 
Sasha cried for about ten minutes or so before she slowly calmed down. 
“Are you feeling better? Do you need a napkin?” asked the good Samaritan who kindly offered a piece of tissue.
###Chapter 631
Chapter 631
Sasha was speechless. 
She dried the tears on her cheeks and turned to look at the person who had sat down next to her. She was surprised to find that he was just a young boy. 
His clothes were shabby and well-worn, and a guitar was strapped across his back. 
“What’s with that look? Is a wandering singer like me unworthy of sitting next to you? 
“Huh?” Sasha immediately shook her head. “No, no! You just reminded me of my younger brother, that’s all.” 
Her “brother”; the one who had impersonated as Lance on Wall Street. 
Sasha felt like crying again at that thought. 
The boy saw her expression change and quickly started strumming on his guitar. “Shall I play you a song? Maybe you’ll feel better after some tunes…” 
“Will I really?” 
“Of course! Just listen and see!” 
Then, the boy, who Sasha noticed was rather handsome, began to play a melody. 
“Now that I am a man, 
I can only keep running,
No matter how scared I am, 
Running through the darkness, 
Hello, tomorrow, 
Smile through your tears, 
Tomorrow will be a better day…” 
The boy’s voice echoed through the subway, sounding strangely familiar. Sasha just listened as he sang. She suddenly understood that she had been such a fool. 
She had failed to understand such a simple philosophy. After having lived through so many ups and downs in all the years of my life, how could I let man and a divorce crush me like this? I don’t belong to him; he’s not my master! Why does he always have the final say in everything? Back then, we got together because he wanted to get together, and now, we’re getting divorced because he wanted a divorce. I won’t let him do this to me anymore! 
Sasha suddenly felt enlightened. Her entire being came alive again. 
The boy finished his song and smiled when he saw the change in her expression. “Do you feel better now, miss?” 
Sasha nodded fervently. “Yes, I do! Thank you! Well, I’ll be going now. Thank you again!” 
Then, she stood up, pulled out a wad of bills from her pocket and gratefully pressed them into the boy’s hands. 
Sasha did not even count exactly how much she had given to him. She had to hurry back home. She wanted to get her children, pack up, and move as soon as possible. No had cleaned Royal Court One in a long time. She had been too busy to attend to that.
After Sasha had reached home, she had brought her three children together with her to Frontier Bay. 
Sabrina had seen her leaving with bags of their belongings. She had protested and said she was insane for moving when Christmas was just around the corner. 
Sasha had ignored Sabrina’s words and instead, had brought her along with them. 
“Come on, let’s go! Let’s celebrate Christmas there together. Besides, you’ve never been there, right? We’ll clean up the place together and you can pick out a room. We’ll spend Christmas there this year.” 
“Really?” Sabrina had asked in disbelief. 
Nonetheless, she had scooped up Vivian, who was lagging behind, and both of them had gotten into Sasha’s car together. 
This sneaky woman! Sasha smiled and shook her head to herself. 
The two women and the three children spent the entire afternoon cleaning up the villa in Frontier Bay. They were finally done as the sun started setting. 
“Mommy, I’m hungry. When are we having dinner?” 
“Aww, you’re hungry? Okay, Mommy will get you some food right away. Wait a while, okay?” 
Sasha immediately went into the kitchen, pulled out the groceries that she brought with her earlier, and began to prepare dinner. 
After dinner was ready, right around the time when Sebastian would usually be coming home, she deliberately asked the children to turn off the lights. 
“Sweeties, shall we give Daddy a surprise? Let’s turn off all the lights now. We’ll only turn it on when he comes in, okay?”
“Okay!” The three children happily agreed to Sasha’s plan to surprise their father. 
Sabrina, who was next to her, commented in a low voice, “Such innocence!” 
Sasha paid her no mind and turned off all the lights. 
The villa was plunged into darkness. From the outside, no one could have guessed that there were people inside. 
Later, as Sebastian was on his way home, he was driving down the street when he caught sight of the lifeless villa from afar. In his mind, he thought of another small courtyard, all lit up with orange light. 
All the energy drained out of him. He stopped his car in the middle of the street and stared at the dark villa. 
It felt depressing to be going home to an empty and deserted home. 
After a few seconds, he sighed and guided his car into the driveway. 
Ding! 
Just as he was about to step through the front door after parking his car, the villa was suddenly lit up brightly. 
“Daddy is home!” 
“Daddy, you’re finally back! We tried to surprise you? Were you surprised?” 
It was like magic. The villa which he had thought to be empty was suddenly bright with light and life, and his three children were running on their little feet towards him. 
The jumped onto him as soon as he walked in.
Sebastian was surprised indeed. He gazed down at his children hugging his legs for a long while. His mind was still in a daze. 
His children were like a dream made reality. They were just too good to be true. 
###Chapter 632
Chapter 632
“Sebby, you’re home.” 
Sebastian glanced up and saw Sasha in an apron, standing by the dining table with a hot bowl of soup in her hand. She had appeared, looking radiant and smiling angelically, as soon as she heard him come in. 
Sebastian did not know what to say to her. 
“Okay, is everyone home? Can we eat dinner now? I’m starving!” Sabrina said loudly. 
Sebastian had not noticed her sitting on the sofa. She suddenly stood up and started walking towards the dining table which Sebastian noticed was heavily laden with all the food that Sasha had prepared. 
Can Sasha please stop doing this? 
Sasha smiled awkwardly and said, “Matt, come set the table. Your aunt is hungry.” 
Then, she placed the bowl of soup down in the center of the table and moved towards Sebastian, who was still standing at the front door. 
“Are you tired? I made your favorite steak for dinner tonight. Go wash up and come eat.” 
Sasha casually bent down, pulled out a pair of house slippers from the shoe cabinet and laid them in front of Sebastian. It was as if there was nothing wrong between the two of them. 
Sebastian just stared at her quietly. 
He had no choice but to slip his socked feet into the slippers and hand his briefcase over to her. Then, he hugged her stiffly as he always does.
Just as the ice around his heart was beginning to melt, the image of his mother being shot and falling unconscious into his arms appeared in his mind again. 
His eyes narrowed and hardened again. 
“Who asked you to come over?” he asked her coldly. 
“What did you say?” Sasha raised her head to look straight into his eyes. 
“No one asked me to. I just thought of bringing the children over. You like living here, don’t you? Then, I’ll move in here with the children too. Look! We’ve even cleaned this place up today.” 
Sasha ignored the coldness of his voice and answered him in a deliberately gentle tone. 
Sebastian’s face darkened. “Sasha, what is it that you don’t you understand? Do you really want to talk about this in front of the children?” 
He had completely lost all affection for her and he had even gone as far as to bring up their children to threaten her. 
Sasha’s face paled, but after a few minutes, her expression returned to its usual calmness. 
“I understand, but it’ll be Christmas in a few days’ time. Can’t we just celebrate it together one last time?” 
She spoke in a low, calm voice as if she was just discussing the most mundane household matters with him. 
Sebastian was surprised. 
He had thought that she would cry and cause a scene just as she had earlier that day at the company. 
Unexpectedly, she was very much calmer now.
Sebastian felt empty. He watched her put away his briefcase and pick up their daughter who had been pestering him. 
His expression turned even uglier. 
“Ian, go wash up and take your sister with you. Matt, go set your Daddy’s place at the table. We’re going to have dinner now.” 
“Okay, Mommy.” 
The children had not heard the small argument between their parents since they had kept their voices low. 
It was possible that Vivian may have overheard them, but she had always been the most na?ve one. It was likely that, even if she had heard them, she had not understood anything. 
The children happily sat down at the dining table to eat. 
Sebastian finally walked over to join them. 
“Daddy, Mommy said we’ll be spending Christmas over here this year. This will be the first we will all be celebrating Christmas together! Are you happy?” 
Matteo was a very talkative child and as soon as Sebastian sat down, he had begun chattering straightaway. He looked at his father expectantly, waiting for his answer. 
Celebrating Christmas together was indeed a happy occasion. 
For the past two years, even though they had already known their real identities, they had still spent Christmas at the Hayes Residence. However, Sasha had had to be separated from Sebastian because of Xenia’s little show last year.
So, their little family had been unable to spend the last Christmas together. 
Sasha heard her son’s remark, but kept silent. 
However, she secretly glanced at Sebastian’s face while she was feeding Vivian to see his reaction. 
She noticed that he had paused his fork in midair on its way to his mouth. 
“Yes, I’m very happy,” he said to Matteo. 
“Yes, we’re also very happy! Mommy says we can start shopping tomorrow! We’ll buy Christmas lights and decorations and lots of yummy food! Daddy, do you want to come with us?” 
Matteo looked thrilled at his father’s answer. 
He happily dropped his fork and turned his entire attention to Sebastian as he invited him to go shopping tomorrow. 
Sebastian paused, not quite sure how to reply to his son. 
“Matt, stop bothering your Daddy. He has to go to work tomorrow. When Daddy has a day off then he’ll take you out to play, okay? Mommy will take you shopping tomorrow.” 
Sasha quickly said to Matteo before Sebastian had the chance to answer. 
Who knows what he’ll say to Matteo? I don’t want him to say anything that would break his little heart. Sasha thought to herself. 
Matteo pursed his lips and pouted a little. He had no choice but to agree. 
###Chapter 633
Chapter 633
Sasha continued to feed Vivian. 
But she didn’t realize that when she took over the conversation, the man on the other side looked even more gloomy. Even though this was the result he hoped to see. 
But he couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable! 
After a while, they had finally finished their meal. Sasha kept the dishes and said, “Vivi, tell Daddy to wash your hands and face. We’ll have fruits later.” 
“Alright, Mommy!” 
The adorable little girl quickly climbed down from her chair and made her way to Daddy, who was about to leave. 
“Daddy, Vivi wants to wash hands. Hug please.” 
She opened her chubby hands. The six-year-old girl was simply irresistible. 
So Sebastian, who was about to leave, had no choice but to carry his daughter again. 
“Alright, Daddy will bring you there.” 
And he brought the child to the washroom. 
Sasha brought the dishes to the kitchen, followed by Sabrina, who was taking the leftover food.
“Sabrina, you don’t have to keep them. It has been a tiring day. Go back and rest. I’ll take care of the rest.” 
When Sasha saw that, she quickly stopped her from doing the chores. 
Sabrina was the daughter of the Hayes family. It was difficult enough for her to do so much today. 
But Sabrina ignored her. 
She left the stuff in her hands on the kitchen counter and said, “What’s going on with you two again? Are you guys tired of the good days?” 
Sasha’s expression turned grim. 
She could tell. 
“What are you talking about? Tired of what? I don’t understand what you mean, Sabrina,” Sasha denied. 
Sabrina scoffed at that. 
“Do you think I’m blind? Or do you see me as one of those brats? Sasha, let me make this clear. This is a crucial moment. Nothing is more important than a strongly-bonded family. Make your words clear if anything happens and stop playing your childish games within you two!” she scolded bluntly before leaving. 
Not long after, the sound of a car being started was heard from the garden. And the woman left in the middle of the night. 
Sasha was speechless. 
A sense of dejection washed over her suddenly.
She wanted to live her life peacefully too. But the main concern was the younger brother. 
Who knew why he wanted a divorce all of a sudden? 
Sasha took a deep breath and cleared her mind before cleaning up the stove. 
About half an hour later, she came out with a plate of cut fruits. 
“Sweeties, come…” 
She wanted to call everyone over to have the fruits. 
But the moment when she was out, she only saw the three children watching TV in the living room. Her heart sank immediately. 
“Little Ian, where’s Daddy?” 
“He’s upstairs finding clothes for Vivi.” Ian pointed upstairs cutely. 
Hm? Finding Clothes? 
A sense of relief washed over Sasha and looked at her daughter in surprise. 
Only then did she realize, Vivian’s clothes were drenched for some reason as if someone splashed water on her. 
“Mommy, it was Ian. He accidentally poured water on me and wet my pretty little dress.” 
Seeing Mommy starting at her dress, Vivi started pouting and complaining about her elder brother. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Why was he so careless? It’s the winter.
Sasha didn’t give another doubt and carried her daughter upstairs after putting down the fruits. 
After she left, the two children switched off the TV. 
“Ian, luckily you were clever and wet Vivi’s clothes. If not, Daddy would have left.” 
“Yeah.” Though aloof, he didn’t deny it. 
But his little brow was still furrowed. He felt that this matter was still not solved completely. 
On the second floor. 
Sasha carried her daughter upstairs. 
Sure enough, when she reached the door of the pink room, she saw a tall figure rummaging through the kid’s closet. 
“Daddy…” 
Vivi called her daddy sweetly upon seeing him. 
Sebastian turned his head and saw them. 
“Sebby, haven’t you found yet? I’m sorry, the clothes were only moved here today. I haven’t had time to tidy them. Isn’t it a little messy?” 
Sasha put down the child and quickly explained to the man with furrowed brows. 
The moment she finished her sentence, he let go of the clothes and stood back coldly. 
Sasha was stunned upon his actions.
When she was going to search for it herself, he spoke with sarcasm beside her ears. “You don’t have to do this. It’s useless to use the kids to keep me here.” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened as she reached the closet. 
“What do you mean by using the kids? What are you talking about?” 
“Is it not the case? You let Ian deliberately pour water on Vivian to hold me back and wait for you to finish. Am I wrong?” 
Sasha was at loss for words. 
“So what’s next? Is it your turn to do it yourself? Finding another reason? Or throwing yourself on me straightaway?” 
His eyes were filled with disdain and malice. 
###Chapter 634
Chapter 634
Even though this matter had nothing to do with Sasha, but in his eyes, everything seemed to be her deliberately scheming against him. 
Why did she seem so pathetic to him now? 
Sasha was hurt and smiled bleakly. “You can think however you like. But I won’t admit things that I haven’t done. Also, if you thought that I was trying every method to hold you back, you can leave now. I will not keep you here.” 
After Sasha finished her sentence, she ignored him and turned to the closet to look for Vivian’s clothes. 
Naturally, no one would have noticed the droplet of tears that rolled down from her eyes the moment she buried herself in the closet. 
Sebastian then left. 
But his expression was grim. 
So much so that he was grimmer than when he was questioning the woman in the room. 
However, he didn’t stay in the end. He went downstairs, and prepared to leave. 
“Ian, since we both don’t know how to do this question, shall we ask Daddy?” 
“It’s fine. He’s busy.” 
In the brightly lit living room, the other two children was concentrating on their homework. They were primary school students, so they had holiday homework during their winter break.
However, when Matteo said that he didn’t know how to do it, Ian, the elder brother, refused his suggestion without hesitation. 
Feeling wronged, Matteo nodded his head. “Alright. Let’s find Mommy when she finishes changing Vivi.” 
Ian agreed. 
The sensible conversation between the brothers didn’t look like it came from six-year-old children. 
Sebastian stopped behind them. 
He didn’t know how to describe this feeling. He could be as harsh as possible for every sentence he said against his heart to the woman just now. 
However, looking at the two small figures made him reflect on himself — he couldn’t stay harsh anymore. 
They were the weakest spot in his heart. 
“Which question do you not know?” 
“Oh? Daddy, you’re here? That’s great, come and see for us. The teacher is being merciless with the question. We’re only six-year-old, how can we do such a difficult question?” 
Matteo was elated upon hearing Daddy’s voice. He turned his head in surprise and exclaimed. 
Ian was a little surprised as well. 
If he was not wrong, Daddy was going to leave tonight. So he was going to ignore him. 
But he was here… 
Ian silently gave up his seat, feeling a little delighted in his heart.
“This is a Math Olympiad question. I’ve told the teachers in your school to increase the difficulty in your usual studies.” Sebastian sat down and held the book in his youngest son’s hand. 
Indeed, this was planned by him. 
The two were exceptionally smart. After they started going to school, they could repeat the content taught in class to the other children before the teacher even finished teaching. 
Which put the teacher in an awkward position in the end. 
Therefore, the principal found him, and he asked the teacher to increase the difficulty. The two would not learn the common things, but others. 
Matteo was enlightened, “I see. No wonder the old man would always bring us to the office during class.” 
Ian was speechless. 
Sebastian started to explain to question in detail for the brothers. 
Meanwhile, upstairs. 
After Sasha showered her daughter and helped her get changed, she put her to sleep. 
Now that the place had no housemaid and Sabrina had left, she had to take care of three children alone and tend to them one by one. Since she put the clingiest little girl to sleep, the other two would be much easier. 
Sasha crept out of the room. 
“Little Ian? Matteo? Time to sleep. Come up and shower.” 
Intending for the sons to wash up, she came down from the second floor calling for them.
But when she was down, she saw a shocking scene. In the living room, there sat the man who she thought was long gone, watching TV with her sons. 
What is he doing? 
A small ray of hope ignited in her heart. 
“Mommy, can we finish this cartoon? It’s showing the new episode today.” Leaning against on Daddy’s left shoulder, Matteo pleaded with a pitiful voice upon hearing Mommy. 
Sasha went silent. 
Of course, you can. As long as Daddy is here, you can even watch another two episodes. 
Sasha went to get the fruits from the kitchen again. 
But this time, before the man felt annoyed upon seeing her, she quickly went to the third floor to keep her items after putting down the fruits. 
It was his decision to stay. 
However, after noting how he had gave her the cold shoulder earlier, she acknowledged that she had to clear any trace of herself from the bedroom. 
If not, he would be angry, thinking she refused to give up. 
Certainly she was! 
Sasha moved everything to where she used to stay and let out a deep breath. 
###Chapter 635
Chapter 635
After twenty minutes, the three of them finally finished watching the TV and Sebastian switched it off. 
“Alright, shall we go to bed now?” 
“Yes, Daddy.” 
Matteo was more clingy. After agreeing readily, he clung onto Daddy like an octopus, feeling sleepy. 
Sebastian felt helpless but carried him anyway. 
At the same time, he used the other hand and held his eldest son on his left. 
Midnight at the villa was extremely quiet. Moreover, it was winter. Not even a sound of an insect could be heard. After the three of them came up, besides the sound of the central heater, there was a pin-drop silence on the second floor. 
“Hm? why is the lights in Mommy’s room on?” 
Matteo was observant. He quickly spotted the room at the end of the corridor, in which there was an orange light coming from there. 
A faint sound of running water could be heard. 
Ian understood immediately. 
Suddenly, he pulled his hands from Daddy and ran back to his room with a gloomy face. 
Bam!
He shut the door violently. 
Matteo and Sebastian were too stunned to speak. 
Before he could speak, a woman wrapped in a towel with a head full of bubbles came running from the room at the end of the corridor. 
“What happened? What’s with the loud sound?” She was dumbfounded and stared at the pair of father and son, who were in shock. 
So she was living there? Seems like she does have some self-awareness that she had already moved the things upstairs down here? Great! 
The gaze of the man turned cold. With an unknowing smile, he said, “You’re asking me?” 
Then, he put down Matteo and left. 
Sasha was left standing dumbfounded at the door. 
Wait, what did I do wrong again that made him so angry? Haven’t I already moved my things down? Not annoying him, not being an eyesore nor giving him distress. I was doing a great job. Is he not satisfied? 
Sasha felt exhausted. 
Without another choice, she called over the youngest son who was left in the corridor. “Come over Matteo. Mommy will help you shower after I’m done, okay?” 
Matteo was silent. 
After a sigh, he drooped his head and went to Mommy’s room dejectedly.
Sebastian was moody as usual, just like Ian! 
The family barely had any sleep that night. 
Except Vivi who was innocent and clueless. 
The next day. 
Sasha woke up early again. 
She wanted to prepare breakfast. Last night, after tossing and turning in bed, she finally got up and went to the third floor to take a peek. 
To her surprise, she found someone in the bedroom upstairs! 
Since someone was there, that meant he didn’t leave. 
Feeling ecstatic, she decided to make breakfast earlier for him to eat before he left. 
Before the sky turned bright, Sasha headed to the kitchen and started cooking. 
Whether it was cake, calzone or pancake, she knew how to make everything. Before she realized, a dozen of dishes were made, without any repetition. 
She was out of her mind. 
Feeling regret, she was worried that the man could tell that she made them for him and quickly hid a few dishes. 
Then, she came out from the kitchen. 
“Sebby, you’re up?”
Unexpectedly, the moment she was out, she saw the man coming down the stairs in a suit while carrying his laptop. 
“You…didn’t leave last night? Breakfast is ready. Would you like to have some before you leave? You have to eat when you reach the office anyway, right?” 
Stepping in front of him, she invited him to breakfast cautiously. 
However, as cold as he was, Sebastian ignored her and walked away as she spoke. 
At last, both of them reached the entrance. 
“Sasha, let me repeat this one last time. Do not speak of those five letters. Also, you don’t have to act deliberately. You would only disgust me like this.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
It’s still the morning. What’s wrong with him? 
Consumed by anger, Sasha was finally triggered by him. 
“What did I deliberately act? I make you breakfast, and is this called acting? Do the kids and I not have to eat when you’re not around? Sebastian, why do you have to speak in such a manner? It’s just a divorce! 
“Also, as I had already told you, I didn’t disagree with the divorce. I only wanted to spend the new year with everyone peacefully. If you can’t agree to this, fine. Let’s call the kids down right now, and let them choose between you and me.” 
Then the determined woman, turned to go upstairs and fetch the children, without taking off her apron. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes in shock.
He grabbed her instinctively and pressed her against the wall of the entrance. “Sasha, do you have a death wish?” 
Sasha was at her last straw. “That’s right, I’m asking for death, so kill me if you dare, since I killed your Mom anyway. A divorce? Might as well be widowed. You could even avenge your Mom!” 
Bam! 
A loud echo was heard. 
###Chapter 636
Chapter 636
Furious, he punched the cabinet behind Sasha forcefully, sending it backward for a few inches. 
“Repeat that again!” He spat each word out sharply. His bloodshot eyes looked so terrifying that Sasha felt like he wanted to devour her alive. 
She was fixed to the spot by fear. 
Clutching her head, she gazed at him fearfully for a few seconds, her mind completely blank. 
She had never seen him act so scarily before. 
“Let me warn you, Sasha. If you say that again, I’ll make you regret it!” threatened Sebastian after he released her. He glared at her with his face twisted in menace. 
Sasha was stupefied. 
What did I say? Is it because I wanted to ask the children who they wished to follow? 
She was so terrified that her body trembled uncontrollably. Her mind was blank and her throat was dry. Surprisingly, after she heard that, she still asked boldly, “Have you been doing well recently?” 
A murderous intent engulfed her, causing her to feel breathless. 
She quickly looked down. With her hands wrapped around her head, she dared not to utter a single word. 
After a few minutes, he finally left.
Only then did the intimidating aura that was pressuring her finally leave. Feeling weak, she slid down unsteadily. 
He’s crazy! Didn’t he keep asking for a divorce? What’s wrong with me asking the kids to come and choose who they want to follow? 
If we’re getting a divorce, we’ll have to confront this problem sooner or later, right? 
With lingering fear, Sasha returned to the kitchen. She leaned against the door for a long time, unable to formulate a single thought. 
Luke, who was supposed to pick Sebastian up, noticed how pale his face was when he got into the car, as if he had just escaped a terrifying nightmare. 
When Sebastian entered, he even stumbled. 
“Are you okay, Mr. Hayes?” 
Shocked, Luke quickly turned around and asked him worriedly. 
However, Sebastian ignored him. 
After entering, he immediately leaned against the seat. With his ashen face and closed eyes, he looked extremely exhausted. 
“Go to a place where no one else but me can find.” 
“Huh?” Luke was stunned. “What do you mean?” 
“I want to bring that woman there. Right now!” Suddenly opening his eyes, he roared agitatedly. 
After that, he leaned against the seat again and trembled. It was as if he was a trapped beast.
His gaze was filled with fear and unease. 
Luke was dumbfounded, for he had never seen that expression on Sebastian’s face. 
After all, he was the President of Hayes Corporation. Having dominated this city for so many years, he had become the unparalleled ruler of this territory. 
It was impossible for such an expression to appear on his face. 
In fact, he probably did not even know what fear felt like. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you saying that you want to send Mrs. Hayes to a secret place and lock her up?” 
“Yes!” 
“Where can you send her? Do you think that there’s anywhere in this world that the Jadesons cannot find?” Luke had no choice but to steel himself and remind Sebastian. 
As expected, Sebastian, who was already on the brink of a mental breakdown, turned even paler. 
There were no signs of life in his ashen face. 
Luke had just stated an extremely cruel reality. 
It was true that the Jadesons were more terrifying and capable than Sebastian had expected. 
In Royal Court One, Sasha sat in the kitchen for a while. 
After she returned to her senses, she became motivated again. 
She thought that Sebastian was warning her not to talk about letting the three kids choose between them.
Hence, after contemplating it, she was convinced that Sebastian did not actually want a divorce. Instead, he was just unable to get over his mother’s death yet. 
In that case, as long as she kept delaying the divorce, time might just erase this incident. 
She was invigorated again. 
“Sweeties, are you done? We agreed to buy decorations today and cook for Daddy. Hurry up!” 
After packing up, she eagerly summoned the children over. 
When they heard her, they immediately ran down. 
“Mommy, are we cooking for Daddy today?” 
“Yeah. I need to go to the office too and tell my colleagues that I’m on leave today. What’s wrong? Are you unwilling to go?” 
“No…” 
It was rare that Ian was the first to run down. After hearing her reply, he stared at his mother and grinned happily. 
Mommy’s amazing! 
On the other hand, Matteo was slightly unhappy because he sided with Sasha. 
Last night, he could clearly tell that Sebastian was making things difficult for her again. 
However, Ian seemed happy and Sasha looked quite resolute. 
Hence, he decided to wait and see.
The four of them finally left the house. 
###Chapter 637
Chapter 637
Sasha did not know that she had been fired by the company. 
After leaving the office the day before, she had never returned. As her colleagues did not call her either, she was naturally oblivious to it. 
After buying the decorations, they bought some groceries in the supermarket and headed to the office. 
“Mrs. Hayes, you’re here. Um…” 
“Oh, good afternoon!” 
Sasha did not notice the strange expression on the security guard’s face. After greeting him casually, she entered with the kids. 
The security guard was at a loss for words. 
Forget it. Even though she’s not an employee anymore, she’s still the president’s wife. Furthermore, she’s here with the children. 
Hence, he decided to let the matter rest. 
However, Sasha, who entered with the kids, soon realized that something abnormal was going on in the building. 
“She’s actually here? How dare she come here?” 
“Yeah! Wasn’t she fired yesterday? How can she barge in so openly today with her kids? Is she doing it on purpose to flaunt her identity as the president’s wife?”
“Yeah…” 
Everyone stared at her. Instead of greeting her as usual, they pointed at her rudely and discussed disdainfully under their breath. 
What happened? 
Sasha frowned. Although she was quite displeased, her kids were with her. Not wanting to pursue the matter further, she led them into the lift. 
“Huh? You’re here, Ms. Wand!” 
Coincidentally, the person coming out of the lift was Gregg from the operational department. 
Sasha stopped at the entrance of the lift. “Yeah. Where are you going? I’m sorry, I had something on yesterday so I left without informing you. Is the department doing well?” 
“Huh?” Gregg’s expression stiffened. 
“Um… Mrs. Hayes, d-don’t you know that you’re no longer working in our department?” 
Stuttering, Gregg revealed the truth of what happened. 
His tone was also extremely respectful. Instead of calling her the director, he addressed her as Mrs. Hayes. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Not working there? What does that mean? 
Although she was confused, she was smart enough to associate Gregg’s uncomfortable expression with what happened yesterday.
With that, she figured out what had happened. 
So, I’ve been fired? Is that why the people downstairs were looking at me so disrespectfully? 
Sasha gasped. For a moment, fury surged within her. She had an urge to go up immediately and ask Sebastian why he did that. 
However, remembering the state of their relationship now, she suppressed that impulse. 
Forget it. If I’m fired, let it be. 
It was better if she did not provoke him further. If anything happened, she should just endure it and only bring it up after he had calmed down. 
Sasha still assumed that his emotions were caused by Frieda’s death. 
With the kids, she went to the penthouse suite. 
“Daddy, we’re here!” 
When the children saw Sebastian’s office, they immediately dashed out of the lift. 
Sasha followed behind them. 
However, when the staff in the office saw her enter, they were stunned for a while. Their attitudes toward her were much colder than before. 
“You’re here, Mrs. Hayes.” 
“Yeah. Is Mr. Hayes inside?” 
Ignoring their expressions, Sasha asked casually.
A lady nodded. “Yes, but there’s a client inside.” 
Sasha wanted to stop the kids from entering, but she was too late. They had already pushed the door open and dashed into the office. 
“Daddy, what are you doing? I’m here! Are you happy?” 
Vivian did not care about the circumstances. 
After she ran in, she ignored anyone else in the office. With widened eyes, she caught sight of Sebastian and called out to him cutely. 
Then, she ran toward Sebastian, who was sitting at the desk. 
Sasha broke out into cold sweat. 
He’s still acting fine. Is it because there’s a client inside? Or is it because he can never get angry at his daughter? 
Sasha watched as he carried Vivian. 
“Why did you come, Vivi?” 
“We went to buy decorations. Mommy said that she wants to come here and cook for you, so we came!” 
The innocent girl betrayed her mother just like that. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Even though Sebastian was right in front of his client, his expression quickly turned frosty. Feeling anxious, she hurried over.
“No, I’m here to move my belongings. Wasn’t I fired from the operational department? I wanted to pack my belongings in the office and bring them back. The kids kept pleading to eat with you here, so I bought some groceries along the way,” stuttered Sasha timidly as she denied her actual ive of coming here. 
###Chapter 638
Chapter 638
When the twins heard that, they were stunned. 
Why is Mommy being so spineless? She ran all the way here to cook for him, so he should feel grateful instead! 
The kids were furious, especially Ian. After seeing his father’s reaction, he was on the verge of blowing up. 
“Let’s ignore him, Mommy. Since he doesn’t want to eat your food, let’s go back. You can cook for us instead.” He walked over and grabbed Sasha’s hand, wanting to leave the place immediately. 
Sasha did not know what to say. 
Her ive of coming here was to get closer to Sebastian, so if she left now, all her previous efforts would have gone to waste. 
Hence, she did not want to leave. 
“Little Ian, I…” 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re so lucky to have three adorable kids and a thoughtful wife. Even though they stay so far away, they came to the office just to cook for you. If I’m as lucky as you are, I’d even smile in my sleep.” 
Suddenly, the client sitting on the couch spoke to Sebastian as he shot an envious glance at Sasha and the children.
Sebastian’s expression was so grim. 
However, he had no choice but to say, “You’re exaggerating, Mr. Melson. Your family is great too! Didn’t your son get admitted into a prestigious college recently?” 
“Yeah, so I miss the times when our family was staying together. It’s going to be rare for us to have chances to dine together, just like your family.” 
As the client spoke, he started to feel sentimental. 
Sasha’s eyes glinted. As if she just had an idea, she suggested, “In that case, why don’t we eat with us, Mr. Melson?” 
“Huh?” The client was stunned. “Eat here?” 
“Yeah! Anyway, you have to eat lunch and I’ve already bought the groceries. Although my cooking skills can’t compare to the chefs in restaurants, what’s more important is the dining atmosphere, right?” 
Sasha utilized all of her marketing skills as a businesswoman. 
When Sebastian saw that, he gritted his teeth furiously. 
After the client heard that, he was actually tempted to accept the offer. “Is it okay, Mr. Hayes?” 
Then, he glanced at Sebastian, who had a frosty look on his face. 
After five seconds, he nodded stiffly. “If you don’t mind, of course we welcome you.” 
“Why would I mind? It’s been ages since I’ve eaten home-cooked food. Looking at the groceries Mrs. Hayes bought, I’m sure that she’s extremely skilled at cooking. I’m so lucky today!” 
As he spoke, he stood up.
When Sasha saw that, she was overjoyed. 
Ignoring Sebastian, she brought her sons and the client out and headed toward the penthouse suite. 
Only Sebastian, who was still hugging his daughter, was left in the office. 
Slam! 
“Daddy, what are you doing? Why did you smash your pen? I don’t want you anymore, Daddy. I want Mommy!” 
Vivian, who was naturally timid, pouted. She pushed his hands away and was about to leave to find Sasha. 
Mommy… Mommy… All of them look for their Mommy. Are they still babies? 
Sebastian was on the verge of blowing up. 
However, afraid of scaring Vivian again, he dared not to throw a tantrum. He carried her again and coaxed her gently, “I’m sorry, I dropped it because I was careless. I’ll bring you to Mommy now, okay?” 
“Okay.” 
Vivian finally believed him and snuggled against his chest. 
After a few minutes, she and Sebastian left as well. 
After convincing the client to come up to the penthouse suite, Sasha immediately went to the kitchen to cook. 
“Little Ian, Matteo, please pour some tea for our guest.”
“Yes, Mommy.” 
When they heard Sasha’s instructions, they quickly took out some tea from the cabinet and prepared it for the client. 
Matteo was the only one doing it. 
On the other hand, Ian was still furious. His personality was similar to Sebastian’s—if something was not resolved properly, he would be in a constantly foul mood. 
This was the scene Sebastian saw when he arrived with his daughter. 
In the living room, the two kids were entertaining the client while Sasha was busying herself in the kitchen. Just like what the client had described, there was a warm and homely atmosphere in the house. 
“You’re here, Mr. Hayes. Sit here! I’ve never expected there to be such a well-furnished penthouse suite here. How amazing!” 
When the client spotted Sebastian, he praised the place profusely. 
Sebastian nodded slightly. 
Since things had already reached this stage, there was nothing else he could do but eat with them first before teaching Sasha a good lesson. 
###Chapter 639
Chapter 639
“Since it’s inconvenient for the kids to come here all the time, we prepared this place for them.” 
“This is great! If only I had the same idea as you back then… In my office, there’s only an office and nothing else. When my wife and son came over, they had no place to stay.” 
Sebastian merely smiled in reply and grabbed the tea leaves which his son had brought over. 
“Ian, pour some hot water for me.” When he lifted the teapot, he realized that it was empty. Hence, he glanced at Ian, who was sitting silently beside the table. 
However, Ian ignored him and continued fiddling with the chess pieces. 
On the other hand, Matteo took the teapot from Sebastian’s hands. “Let me do it, Daddy.” 
The young boy went to fill the teapot with water. 
When the client saw that, he could not help but burst out laughing. “Mr. Hayes, your children are just like you and your wife.” 
“Really?” 
“Yeah! After you scolded your son just now, he did not say a single word. Isn’t his temper just like yours? Your younger son has such a better personality. He’s so lively and smiles a lot, just like your wife.” 
The client had worked with the Hayes Corporation for many years. 
When he was commenting on Sebastian’s sons, he sounded like he was very familiar with them.
Sebastian glanced at the two boys. 
Ian was sitting at the side gloomily. As Sebastian had watched him grow up, he knew Ian’s temper well. 
On the other hand, his younger son was filling the teapot up eagerly. With the happy look on his face, he was just like his busy mother in the kitchen. Although Matteo had witnessed how poorly Sebastian treated Sasha earlier, he was still overjoyed to see him come up. 
He’s a foolish as his mother. 
Averting his gaze, Sebastian started to chat with the client while drinking tea. 
Half an hour later, Sasha finally finished cooking six dishes and a pot of soup. It was a sumptuous lunch. Before she brought the dishes out, everyone could already smell the aroma from outside. 
“Sebby, it’s time to eat. Come here and lay the table for me,” she called out from the kitchen. 
Reluctantly, Sebastian placed his cup down, stood up and walked over. 
They never had any guests over in the penthouse suite. As it was only meant for the whole family, the thought of inviting people to dine with them had never crossed their minds. 
Hence, everything was insufficient. 
“Ian, there are not enough bowls. What should we do?” 
Sasha, who was wearing an apron, looked into the disinfection cabinet before realizing that there were not enough bowls. She could not help but raise her head and gaze at Sebastian awkwardly. 
Glancing at her, he scoffed, “Why are you asking me?” 
Sasha did not know how to reply.
After all, she was the one who created this awkward situation. 
Suddenly, an idea surfaced in her mind. She left the kitchen, ran to the cabinet and took out a set of luxurious-looking ice cream glasses. 
“We can use this!” Carrying the glass, she went back to the kitchen and gazed at Sebastian excitedly. 
However, a cold look immediately glinted in his eyes. 
“I bought this for my daughter. Do you dare to use it?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha felt extremely conflicted. Left with no choice, she let the children use the ice cream glasses while swapping the adults’ bowls for the children’s’ bowls. 
“Don’t worry. After using it, I’ll definitely throw it away!” Feeling uneasy by Sebastian’s hostile gaze, she quickly promised him. 
With that, he carried the dishes out and she followed him. 
Then, she invited the client to the dining table. 
“Would you like some wine, Mr. Melson?” 
“It’s fine. Mr. Hayes still has to work in the afternoon.” 
“It’s fine!” 
Sasha wished for nothing more than to make Sebastian drunk. In that case, she and the kids could spend more time with him.
Hence, she took two bottles of red wine and poured a glass each for the men. 
With wine on the table, people would usually start to talk more and the atmosphere would become much more relaxed. 
Although Sebastian was still quite uptight, Sasha could clearly notice that he became more relaxed after drinking. 
“Mr. Hayes, your wife cooks so well. You can’t even eat such delicious food in restaurants! I’m so envious that you can eat such food every day.” 
Sebastian, who had already finished a glass of wine, did not rebuke him. Instead, he smiled slightly. 
Sasha was instantly overjoyed. 
She lifted the bottle of wine and filled their glasses up again. 
If the meal ended happily, she believed that her relationship with that man would not be that hostile anymore. 
However, things did not go as planned. 
###Chapter 640
Chapter 640
It is what it is. 
The fun was just starting when Luke barged into the room. “Mr. Hayes, someone is looking for you.” 
The assistant looked a little off. Or Sasha could be reading too much into it. She thought she saw the subtle fear in his eyes. 
Fear? 
Luke has seen it all as Sebastian’s assistant. Who could scare him? 
Sebastian shrugged it off. He couldn’t care less about the situation. 
“Who is it? I’ve met everyone who has an appointment with me this morning. The rest is scheduled later in the afternoon.” 
“You are right. But this person, he showed up unannounced.” 
Luke was disgruntled. 
Sebastian was even more pissed off. However, his client whispered in his ears, “Mr. Hayes, why don’t you take a look downstairs. The matter might be urgent. Don’t worry about me, I’m not going anywhere.” 
He toasted his unfinished drink. 
Sebastian frustratedly stood up and headed toward the living room.
Luke then whispered into his ears. Immediately, there was a drastic change in his expression. The blush from all the alcohol consumption instantly dissipated. 
Sasha was speechless and confused. 
Who could it be? 
Nonetheless, she was a mere outsider who knew her place. It didn’t take long before she moved on and continued to entertain the client. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian entered his office. There was a man dressed in black with a very dominating presence. His chiseled features lent credence to his radiating confidence. He merely stood there, but the air surrounding him was ice cold. 
“I believe you must be Mr. Hayes. Nice to meet you. My name is Eric, Devin’s cousin.” 
The mysterious man held out his hand politely to greet Sebastian as he introduced himself. 
Eric? 
The younger generation of the Jadesons came knocking, after all. 
Sebastian stood there motionlessly. His hands remained tucked in his pockets while he stared glacially at Eric with his gloomy eyes. 
“What do you want?” his reply was unwelcoming. 
… 
It was Eric’s first encounter with someone who treated him with such disrespect. Naturally, he was angry. 
Nevertheless, he managed to keep his emotions in check.
“Here’s the thing. Previously, my cousin was trying to bring back Uncle Shin’s wife, who is also your maternal aunt. His efforts are to no avail and he is now being punished for it. After some deliberation, my family sent me over to ask you for the kind favor,” replied Eric. 
My aunt? 
Sebastian’s stare intensified, exuding hostility. 
“She’s dead. What do you want? Her corpse?” 
“You are right. Since she is Shin’s spouse, she should rightfully be with the Jadesons, dead or alive.” Eric had no intention of hiding the truth. 
In actual fact, he knew the President of Hayes Corporation very well. 
Devin’s friends undoubtedly comprised a specific group of people with Jake and Shawn, who grew up together in Jadeborough, being his closest. 
Growing up in families with military background, their influence or status was at a whole different level and they initially shunned Sebastian, a man from the business sector. 
Subsequently, they discovered that the latter, despite his young age, was the owner of a prominent business corporation worldwide. Naturally, their perception changed. 
Truth be told, the influence of wealth brought tremendous benefits. 
Eric was expecting a positive reply from his cousin’s bestie. 
“What for? To defile her corpse?” Sebastian sarcastically replied. 
“What did you say?” Eric was in a state of disbelief.
His eyes widened in shock and fury as Sebastian returned to his seat, unaffected. 
“Sebastian Hayes, what do you mean? Are you doubting the Jadesons?” The hostility was evident now that he gave up the charade of being a gentleman. 
Sebastian gazed at him with immense hatred and disdain. 
“Doubt? It’s the truth! When Frieda married Shin, your family wanted to murder her even though she was eight months pregnant! If it wasn’t for my father, she would already be dead long before!” He unleashed his bottled-up anger. 
… 
“If you Jadesons treated her as a family member, then why would there be shots fired at her without mercy? Do you really think I wouldn’t know that Devin didn’t send those men?” 
The last sentence was akin to a tight slap on Eric’s face, humiliating him. 
It was true. The group of men that came with Devin did not answer to him. 
It was a backup plan. The Jadesons sent Devin to bring Frieda back from Avenport., but they also sent a separate team for the same mission. 
###Chapter 641
Chapter 641
“Your family is willing to stab one of your own in the back. Why should I trust you? I don’t believe for a second that you would bring her home for a proper burial!” Sebastian continued to lambast him. 
“That’s enough, Hayes!” It was the straw that broke the camel’s back. 
Eric finally lost his temper. 
“I’m not giving you an option. This is the Jadesons’ family matter. I suggest you stay away from it.” 
It was a stern warning issued with murderous intent manifesting in his eyes. 
Unfortunately, Eric didn’t know that the young man before him was not carrying the name of the Hayes. 
Sebastian was also one of the Jadesons. He was born out of wedlock, and Frieda did all she could to save him. In exchange, she lost her life for him. 
“Listen up, Jadeson. Frieda is one of mine. So long as I’m alive, you can stop dreaming about taking her away. If you dare try, be prepared to suffer the consequences!” Sebastian was not someone to be shaken by bare threats. 
His voice was even and calm. There was even a glimpse of a smile on his face. 
However, his cool and friendly demeanor was a stark contrast to the numbing terror in his message. 
Eric gawked at Sebastian angrily, unable to tolerate him any longer. Under normal circumstances, he would have pointed his gun at him. 
Be that as it may, Sebastian’s dominance held him in his tracks.
“Sebastian, there is absolutely no benefit in going against the Jadesons. Don’t forget about your wife and children.” Eric threatened. 
“Is that so? Someone from your background is trying to get me to cave with such pathetic tricks?” The man was unmoved. 
Eric took a step back and smiled in return. 
“Of course not. The Jadesons are an elite family. However, there will often be times when desperate measures are needed.” 
He smirked before continuing. “Sebastian, know your place. You may be the tyrant in the business sector, but at the end of the day, you are just a normal citizen. The Jadesons are different. We are people of power and influence. Don’t you see?” 
It was ironic that an elite family tasked with safeguarding national security was making threats against ordinary citizens, shamelessly and without finesse! 
They abused their power and influence and decimated anyone who stood in their way. 
No wonder his father died. 
No wonder his father would rather marry his mother and get out of the Jadesons! 
After Eric left, Sebastian shoved everything off the surface of his desk in fury. 
“Mr. Hayes…” 
The sound of toppling s sent Luke running into his office. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you alright? Please calm down. Mrs. Tsurka, Mrs. Hayes, your children, and the whole Hayes Corporation need you!” he whispered tearfully.
Luke tried to defuse the situation and calm his boss down after he witnessed the chaos. Sebastian was slumped into the space behind his desk, battling with his emotions. 
He is right. I must stay strong, or others would suffer. 
Looking at how Eric had behaved, Sebastian knew the Jadesons were adamant about retrieving Frieda’s body. Although the meeting was a small hurdle, giving up was definitely not an option for them. 
“Mr. Hayes, should I send your wife and the children to somewhere safe?” Luke suggested. 
His eyes were shimmering with hope. 
However, that was not the case for Sebastian. A second ago, he was inundated with anger. The next second, he was shaking his head, powerless at what was coming. “It’s too late…” 
“Too late? What do you mean?” 
“They are already suspecting me. Taking my mom is their attempt to seek a final confirmation.” 
“What?” Luke was puzzled. His face was as white as paper. “Confirmation?” 
“Whether Devin and my mom are biologically related. Knowing them, it’s not hard to discover that Frederick and Jayne never gave birth to a child. However, the Jadesons have to be very sure since it concerns their bloodline. Hence, their strategy is to bring back my mom’s body, and then cross-reference the results with samples obtained from Devin’s blood. They have it in the Jadeborough hospital when Devin donated his blood for my treatment years ago,” Sebastian explained patiently. 
All hope seemed to vanish as his world came crashing down. 
If I’m really proven to be Shin’s son…
Then everything would be resolved easily. He would carry the name of the Jadesons, but not the Hayes. 
There was nothing to be feared. His position was unshakable after being at the helm of such an enormous company for years. 
###Chapter 643
Chapter 643
“How could you do this to me? I’m your wife, Sebastian! Don’t you think you went too far? You did all that just to test me? Don’t you think you’re too cruel?” 
“How is that cruel? I did that in order to maintain the strength and purity of our relationship. You know me; I won’t touch anything that is contaminated by others,” he said again. 
His tone was very matter-of-fact. There was no hint of anger in his voice, but his composure at that moment was disheartening to Sasha, who wished he had lost his temper at her. 
“Fine. So, what now? Did you get what you wanted?” 
Sebastian did not answer her question. 
His silence was equivalent to an affirmative answer. 
Sasha smiled wryly at the irony of the situation. A corner of her lip tilted into a half smile. “It’s no simple task to convince you of my innocence, Mr. Hayes.” 
Sebastian raised his eyebrows at her. 
However, he said nothing as he merely opened up his laptop again and resumed his work. 
His dismissiveness felt like a knife that drove deep into Sasha’s chest. She could not stand to be in his presence any longer. She squeezed her eyes shut to hold in her tears and whirled around to leave. 
This was the first time she wanted to be as far away from him as possible. 
After Sasha left his office, Luke walked in.
“Mr. Hayes, a-are you all right? Let me get you a glass of water.” 
Sebastian was sprawled across his chair, clutching at his chest, when his assistant entered his office. A layer of cold sweat beaded his forehead. 
Luke’s face was white from shock when he saw his boss. 
This was especially since Sebastian had coughed up blood just two days ago and ended up hospitalized. 
Luke quickly poured a glass of water and grabbed the medication that he had been taking. 
Sebastian swallowed the pills. After a while, he gradually lowered his hand from his chest. However, he remained sprawled on his chair and the pain still clouded his eyes. 
“Mr. Hayes, do you really have to do this? You want your wife to leave you, but do you have to pretend to be such a cruel, unfeeling person? The videotape issue was the legal department’s negligence…” 
“If I don’t do this, she won’t leave me,” Sebastian said weakly. He leaned back in his chair as if all his strength had been drained out of him. 
She’s such a clever woman. If I don’t do this, how else could I get her to leave? 
He tried everything to get her to agree to a divorce. He had cursed at her, humiliated her and even raised his hands against her, but like a fool, she stuck around stubbornly. 
The pain bore down heavily on Sebastian. His eyes were bloodshot and tears pooled at their corners. His pale hand was holding so tightly onto his glass of water that it seemed as if he was about to crush it in his fist. 
Luke was at a loss for words.
He dared not questioned Sebastian any further and changed the subject. “Well, Mr. Hayes, what’s our next order of business? How should we deal with Mdm. Frieda’s remains?” 
“Arrange for a cremation immediately. Then start her funeral.” 
The pain clouding Sebastian’s eyes cleared when he spoke of Frieda. Instead, they turned dark with murderous intent. 
Luke nodded. “Right away, Mr. Hayes.” 
He turned around and left Sebastian’s office to attend to Frieda’s matter. 
Eric had already come knocking. It was best to deal with Frieda’s remains as soon as possible. There would be trouble if they took her body away. 
As Luke was reaching the office door, Sebastian suddenly called out, “How are things looking in Jetroina currently?” 
“Huh?” He paused in tracks. “Are you asking about Sinch Enterprise?” 
“No, I’m asking about Yancy.” 
“Yancy? She’s been lying low lately. Ever since she was wounded by the assassin, she hasn’t left her house much. What about her? Why did you suddenly ask about her?” 
Luke glanced at Sebastian in surprise. The latter’s sudden interest in that terrible woman puzzled him. 
Sebastian pondered on his reply for a moment. Then, he said, “Can you make it known that the Jadesons have sought me out? Leak out this information for me.” 
“Huh?”
“Yancy would panic if she heard the Jadesons wanted to speak to me. She would assume that they wanted the Hayes Corporation. She would have no chance at all if the Jadesons got involved.” 
“So, if she heard they were looking for you, she would definitely try to stop the meeting at all costs.” 
Sebastian saw the confusion on Luke’s face and knew that his assistant still did not understand his plan. He sat up straight in his chair and explained. 
The vein in Luke’s temple strained against his skin after he heard the plan. 
“Wouldn’t that plan just bring us more trouble? We’re in hot water as it is. We don’t have the energy or time to deal with that crazy woman if she comes over here again!” 
“She won’t!” Sebastian smirked. “She’s a shrewd woman and she definitely won’t head straight for us. Instead, she will stick to her original plan.” 
###Chapter 644
Chapter 644
“You mean… Mrs. Hayes?” Luke’s eyes went wide from the sudden realization. 
Sebastian, on the other hand, was exceptionally calm as he placed his glass down like he had just taken care of a huge problem. 
Given how critical the situation is, Yancy is bound to send a more ruthless assassin if she goes to see Sasha again! If she has Sasha at her mercy, then Hayes Corporation would fall into hers and Solomon’s hands! Sasha would become the hated person to both Hayes Corporation and Sebastian! This is way too scary! Do I have to be so ruthless to come up with such an elaborate and cruel scheme just to make her leave me? If I do this, there’s no turning back for us. 
“Mr. Hayes… Do you really want to do this? How will you reconcile with Mrs. Hayes afterward? There will be no turning back!” Luke asked anxiously. 
“Do you think the Jadesons will give me a way out?” Sebastian asked with a sarcastic smile. His words pierced into Luke’s heart like an icy blade, causing the latter to go pale and speechless in response. 
He’s right… There’s no way that military family would show him any mercy… Looks like this will be a battle to the death, so protecting everything and everyone that he cares about before the said battle is all he could do. 
Eventually, Luke left with tears in his eyes. 
Karl, who was guarding Frieda’s body the whole time, received the orders to cremate her secretly and send the ashes to SteelFort for temporary storage. 
SteelFort was the core of Hayes Corporation’s forces, was established by Frederick and later inherited by Sebastian after his death. 
It was built in a secluded location with an incredibly strong defense composed of all the elites in Hayes Corporation that was so powerful even the world’s top special forces would have a hard time breaking through its defenses. 
Karl retrieved Frieda’s body from the morgue immediately upon receiving the order, but several burly young men intercepted his team before they made it out of the hospital. 
The men did not have any special equipment on them and looked no different from an ordinary civilian. Anyone who saw them would’ve assumed they were patients seeking treatment at the hospital, but that wasn’t the case with Karl. 
Being a former member of an international special forces unit, he noticed the men had an air of military training about them and immediately pulled his gun on them. “Retreat!” 
Bang! 
Karl opened fire right after alerting his men, and the gunshot sent the entire lobby into a state of chaos as everyone scrambled to safety. 
Enraged at being forced into cover, the men were about to launch a counter-assault to seize the body. 
However, the Hayes’ highly-trained bodyguards had already escorted Frieda’s body outside under Karl’s instructions. 
“Damn, these a*sholes are better than we thought!” 
The men sent by the Jadesons were furious as they watched their target escape from under their noses.
One of them then sent a message using his high-tech military wristwatch, prompting the few black cars that had been lying in wait outside to promptly give chase like a pack of hungry wolves. 
We must get the body at all costs! 
The intense chase went on for over ten minutes before Sebastian received word about the ambush from Karl. 
“I’ve underestimated them, Mr. Hayes! Eric has sent a team of their most elites after us!” Karl shouted while panting heavily on the phone. 
The look on Sebastian’s face changed instantly when he heard that. 
I knew Eric came prepared, but an entire team of elites? That’s a little more than I had expected… The Jadesons sure are going all out just to confirm my identity! 
With that in mind, he hung up the phone and gave Calvin Woods a call. “Karl has run into some trouble. Go help him out.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes!” 
A voice similar to Channing’s was heard on the phone before ending the call shortly after. 
Calvin was Channing’s younger brother. He was put in charge of SteelFort ever since Channing died after avenging Frederick in Jetroina. 
Having received the order, Calvin headed out with a couple of his men to assist Karl. 
###Chapter 645
Chapter 645
Meanwhile, Karl was still being pursued by those black cars through the streets. Had he not been escorting Frieda’s body, he would’ve taken them out with no issues. 
Ramming into them wasn’t an option because he had to ensure the perfect condition of the body, even if it cost him his life. 
Bang! 
Another shot was fired, and Karl had to swerve around a sharp corner just to avoid it. 
“Damn it! I’m going to kill these fools, Mr. Frost!” shouted one of Karl’s men as he grabbed a gun and rolled down the window. 
Bang! Karl looked back in shock when he heard a silenced shot and saw his man lying motionless with a bullet hole between his eyes. 
The bodyguards in the car went pale and panicked at the sight. “They’ve got a sniper, Mr. Frost!” 
Sniper rifles are truly terrifying weapons, and my guy is shot between the eyes while our car is traveling at high speed! That means the sniper is in one of those cars behind us, which makes them a very scary threat to deal with. As expected of the Jadesons… They can get their hands on such a professional! 
Karl shuddered at the thought of that, and a man from the nearest car raised his rifle again while he was distracted. 
Suddenly, another shot came from behind before that man could return fire.
Bang! 
The bullet went through the rear window of the car and hit the man in the head as well, much to Karl’s surprise. 
“Calvin’s here?” 
Right as those words left his mouth, a loud vroom was heard as two motorcycles sped past him. 
Boom! The next thing he knew, they sent the two black cars that were blocking his path in front flying high into the sky with a huge explosion. 
For years, both Frederick and Sebastian had armed SteelFort with the most advanced weaponry in the world, giving it an insane amount of destructive power that could even rival that of the Jadesons’. 
Karl froze in shock at what he had witnessed until he saw Calvin approach with a L115A3 Long-Range Rifle in hand. 
“Ah, Cal! Since when have you become so violent? You’re a lot more brutal since your brother’s death!” Karl teased him boldly after regaining his composure. 
A frown spread across Calvin’s face when he heard Karl address him like that. 
“You want me to blow your brains out right now?” 
The latter quickly straightened up and explained everything that happened. “Please don’t! I apologize for what I said, Mr. Woods! By the way, Frieda’s body is in the back of the car. Mr. Hayes wants us to cremate it, but I doubt we can get that done. How about we just take it straight back to SteelFort?” 
Calvin happened to have the same idea in mind.
If the Jadesons have been chasing after us, then they must have set up an ambush at the funeral parlor too. In that case, bringing the body back to SteelFort is the best option. 
As he ordered his men to move the body out of the car, Calvin said, “All right, I’ll take the body with me. You go report to Mr. Hayes about this.” 
Wait, did this brat just leave me with this mess? He should at least help me explain why we failed to complete the task, damn it! 
Karl stamped his feet angrily at the thought of that. 
“Forget it, Mr. Frost. Calvin has always been a strange kid. Things have only worsened since his brother died. Let’s just ignore him and head back for now,” said one of the bodyguards. 
Having no other choice, Karl could only let out a sigh as he returned. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had cooped herself up inside her room ever since she brought the kids back. 
She could get over what Sebastian said throughout the past few days and his talk about divorce, but his words that day had hurt her way deeply. 
She felt as if a needle had pierced her heart, and the wound remained even after pulling it out. 
Why? Why doesn’t he trust me? Why did he go so far as to set up such an elaborate scheme just to prove my innocence? After all we’ve been through, this is how little he trusts me? Is our relationship really too far gone to save? 
Sasha had never felt so upset her entire life. 
“Huh? Why are you brats the only ones here? Where’s your mom?” Sabrina asked when she came in the house and saw the three children watching TV downstairs.
###Chapter 646
Chapter 646
Vivian looked up at her and said, “Mommy is upstairs, Aunt Sabrina! Where have you been today? We had lunch at Daddy’s place earlier!” 
They had lunch together? Hmm… Looks like those two have finally made up, then! 
Feeling relieved, Sabrina went into the room prepared for her upstairs, only to see Sasha crying on the corner of the bed. 
“What the hell? Why are you crying again? What happened? I thought you guys had lunch at his place earlier?” she asked impatiently. 
Sabrina found relationships to be a very troublesome thing, especially since Devin kicked her out of his house in front of all those soldiers. 
Sasha wasn’t expecting for Sabrina to come back so suddenly, and she got all emotional upon seeing her sister-in-law. 
“Sabrina…” 
Sabrina felt goosebumps all over when she heard that. Suddenly, Sasha threw herself at her before she could even react. 
Having found someone she could vent to, Sasha hugged her tightly as she sobbed, “He doesn’t trust me! He said he never trusted me! He even came up with an elaborate scheme so I could prove my innocence! He’s gone too far, right? Right?”
It was truly bizarre. The two women had nearly killed each other back. Now they had become so close that Sasha would cry on her shoulder when upset. 
Sabrina was feeling a little awkward at first, but she felt her blood boiling with anger after hearing Sasha’s rant. 
“He really said that to you in person?” 
“Yeah, he said it earlier in the afternoon. I don’t want to see him anymore, Sabrina! If it’s a divorce he wants, then it’s a divorce he’ll get! I’m tired of trying to fix this relationship. I’m going to take my kids back to my house and never return!” Sasha blurted all of that out in the heat of the moment. 
Sabrina frowned upon hearing her words. “You want to divorce him? Since when? What the hell are you two doing? You think we haven’t got enough going on, huh?” 
She really had no idea what was going on between them because Sasha had kept it a secret from her, hoping to save the relationship. 
“No, I…” 
“Have you forgotten what you two went through before all the troubles finally subsided? So what if he said he doesn’t trust you? He’s always been one to overthink things! The only reason he doubts you is because he cares too much about you! You know how extreme he can be, don’t you?” 
Who would’ve thought the great Sabrina Hayes would be so rational about these things? He doubts me because he cares about me? Oh, my god… She’s right! Damn, why didn’t I think of that? A man that stubborn is bound to be extremely possessive, so it’s perfectly normal for him to react that way after finding out that I’ve been in contact with Solomon! 
Sasha began to waver at the thought as the pain from earlier seemed to have disappeared.
Little did she know, the reason she was so easily convinced by Sabrina’s words was exactly what Sebastian had guessed. 
Sasha never truly wanted to leave him and still had hope in their relationship, even after what he did to her earlier that afternoon. 
As such, being completely heartless toward her was the only way to snuff out whatever remaining flames of hope Sasha had. 
Sebastian didn’t return that night, but Sasha prepared a table full of dishes anyway. Sabrina ate a bit before leaving the house without a word. 
I wonder where she’s going. 
Sasha thought to herself as she continued eating dinner with her kids. 
Her phone rang at about eight in the evening, and she walked over to answer the call. “Hello?” 
“Hey, Sasha! It’s been a while! How have you been lately?” 
The person’s voice sounded like that of a cunning snake, and Sasha hung up the phone before switching it off without a second thought. 
Ian noticed something was off about her reaction. “Who was it on the phone, Mommy? Was it Daddy?” 
“No, it’s just a prank call,” Sasha replied with a forced smile before heading into the kitchen to do the dishes. 
I swear, I’ll have someone kill that woman someday soon! She was lucky to have survived back then. 
Having cut off all means of communication, Sasha was able to sleep well with her kids that night.
However, she was in for a big surprise the next morning when she saw a familiar face waiting for her while shopping for groceries at the supermarket. 
###Chapter 647
Chapter 647
“Ms. Wand, I…” 
“What, a broken leg wasn’t enough for you? Do you want to lose your life this time?” 
Sasha’s eyes were filled with an icy-cold hostility as she stared at the Jetroinian woman limping before her. 
Akiko shuddered when she saw her face and recalled how she was dragged away to have her leg broken. 
“Out of my way!” Sasha shouted impatiently. 
Akiko simply stared at her nervously before tossing her crutches aside and kneeling down before her. 
“Ms. Wand, please let me say what I came to say! I promise I’ll leave right after! She’ll kill me if I don’t deliver the message!” Akiko begged, while bowing with her head down on the ground. 
As it turned out, Yancy wasn’t able to locate Sasha after the latter cut off all means of communications, so she sent Akiko, who was still in Avenport instead. 
Sasha was livid with rage, but she saw the attention they were receiving from the surrounding crowd and agreed to hear her out. 
“Fine… What did you want to tell me?” 
“Really? You’ll hear me out?” Akiko looked up excitedly in response. “Well, it’s nothing much, really. Mrs. Tsurka wanted me to tell you she sent your family something. She said you should go look if you have
the time.” 
“What did you say? What the hell did she send my family? What’s this b*tch up to this time? Were those two bullets not enough for her? Does she want me to put another one in her?” 
The expression on Sasha’s face turned grim instantly, and she looked like she wanted to rip Yancy to shreds right then and there. 
After all, there was no way she could possibly keep her cool knowing her dad was in danger. 
Unfortunately, Akiko was just a messenger who didn’t know all that much. 
“I… I don’t know… All she said was for you to rush over as soon as possible…” 
That last sentence struck Sasha like a bolt from the blue. She threw her grocery basket aside as she ran out of the supermarket. 
Oh, Dad… Please be all right! 
She gave Sabrina a call and had her sister-in-law look after the kids at home while she drove toward the Wand residence as quickly as she could. 
Sasha had just arrived at the front door when she heard the housemaid yelling, “Mr. Wand! Mr. Wand!” 
With her mind blank from anxiety, Sasha rushed into the house. “Dad! Dad…” 
She finally saw what had happened at home, but it was all too late. Rufus was already lying motionless on the garden bench. 
There was a recently opened parcel on the ground with some oxidized blue liquid inside. 
“Ahhhhhhh!” Sasha screamed at the top of her lungs.
Meanwhile, Sebastian was in a hotel talking to Calvin on the phone. 
Eric’s men have yet to make their move after Frieda’s body was brought to SteelFort, but I know they’re lying in wait nearby. Those b*stards would surely strike the moment they hear about Frieda being transported. We’d better get her cremated as soon as possible! 
“I have a suggestion, Mr. Hayes. Would you care to listen?” 
“Go ahead.” 
“If you don’t mind, we could cremate Mdm. Frieda right here in SteelFort. It’s big enough and has the firepower required. I know it may be a little disrespectful to do so, but rest assured that we will keep her ashes perfectly safe,” said Calvin, who was only in his early twenties. 
Sebastian fell silent upon hearing that. 
I wanted to give Frieda a proper burial as I owe her way too much while she was alive… Due to her mental illness and Frederick being the one to raise me, I rarely cared about her at all. I want to make it up to her as best I can, but now… I’m being pushed to the point that I can’t even give her a proper burial. 
“All right, we’ll go with your suggestion.” 
He hung up the phone after that and slumped against the couch with his head hung low. 
However, it wasn’t long before he got another call from Karl, who was in charge of protecting Sasha. 
“We’ve got trouble, Mr. Hayes! Something has happened to Mr. Wand!” 
Sebastian jumped to his feet instantly. “What? What happened?”
“Yancy poisoned him. She really took the bait and made her move, sir. As Mrs. Hayes didn’t answer her call last night, Yancy sent someone to deliver a message to her. We don’t know what the message was, but Mrs. Hayes rushed over to the Wand residence immediately afterward and found her father unconscious.” 
Karl sounded both angry and anxious at the same time. 
###Chapter 648
Chapter 648
Sebastian clenched his fists at the thought of that. 
Yancy sure doesn’t disappoint… She really took viciousness to a whole new level! 
“How is he now?” 
“He’s already been sent to the hospital. I’m guessing she used a new type of chemical weapon, so ordinary hospitals probably can’t save him!” Karl replied worriedly. 
A substance capable of oxidizing instantly when the parcel is opened and poisoning the recipient upon inhalation? It’s definitely some kind of specially engineered chemical! Given the stuff those b*stards usually do, I wouldn’t be surprised if they really used a chemical weapon! 
Sebastian’s face turned gloomy upon hearing that. He then sprung to his feet, about to rush over to the hospital. However, he paused in his tracks when he suddenly recalled something. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
“Go check on the situation, and contact the drug lords that we know,” he said while sitting back down on the couch and returned to his usual calm demeanor. 
Wait… Isn’t he going to at least check on his father-in-law? This is a matter of life and death! Mrs. Hayes would be devastated if he didn’t show up! 
Karl froze briefly at the thought and tried to persuade him by saying, “Mr. Hayes, I think you should make a trip to the hospital… We can take care of everything else later.”
By “everything else”, he was referring to Sebastian’s relationship with Sasha. 
Even though they were talking on the phone, Karl could feel Sebastian’s icy glare through the screen. “What are you talking about? Everything is simply going according to plan, isn’t it? You’d better not tell her anything about me and ruin my plan!” 
That last sentence sent a shiver down Karl’s spine. He quickly hung up the phone without another word. 
It was already afternoon by the time Karl arrived at the hospital. He rushed over to the emergency ward and saw Sasha sitting outside with panic written all over her face. 
“Mrs. Hayes?” 
“Hmm?” Sasha looked up at him in confusion and stared blankly at him for a moment before realizing who he was. 
Like a drowning person who had found a lifebuoy, she then leapt to her feet and looked behind him as she asked, “Mr. Frost? Is Sebastian here? Where is he?” 
Unfortunately, she saw no one but Hayes Corporation’s bodyguards in the corridor. 
“Where is he?” 
“I’m sorry, Madam. Mr. Hayes is currently with a client right now, so he won’t be able to come over so soon.” 
Sasha’s already pale face became as white as sheet upon hearing that. 
“What? He’s meeting a client? Did you tell him what happened to my dad?” she questioned Karl in disbelief, but he simply kept quiet. 
Consumed by a sudden surge of disappointment and rage, Sasha went to look for Sebastian herself.
“Where are you going, Madam?” Karl asked as he caught her before she was about to run off. 
“I’m going to find him and ask him if his work is more important than my dad’s life! How dare he treat his father-in-law like this? Does he have any humanity left in him at all?” Sasha shouted like a madman while struggling with all her might. 
Karl understood it was only natural for any sane person to break down when faced with such a situation. 
However, all he could do was hold on to her tightly as he explained, “Calm down, Madam! Mr. Hayes isn’t neglecting you or anything! He simply can’t come right now! Rest assured that I’ve already contacted a bunch of people to help save your father!” 
Having lost all sense of reason, Sasha continued yelling maniacally, “Bullsh*t! Sebastian is the one I want, not you!” 
With no other option available, Karl could only strike her on the back of her head to knock her unconscious. 
I’m sorry, Madam… You left me with no choice. 
Terrified by what they had just witnessed, the doctors in the emergency ward didn’t dare step forward until Karl laid her down on the bed. 
“How is her father’s condition?” 
“He was poisoned. Being a doctor herself, she applied some acupuncture needles to his pressure points to stop the poison from spreading all over his body. He isn’t in any imminent danger at the moment, but we have yet to identify the type of poison he was exposed to. The lab is running an analysis as we speak…” the doctor explained Rufus’ condition honestly. 
Of f*cking course, they couldn’t identify the poison!
Karl kept his thought to himself and simply said with a sigh, “Could you give me a sample? I have some friends who are knowledgeable about this sort of thing.” 
“Of course!” 
Being at a loss, the doctors were more than happy to let him have the samples. 
###Chapter 649
Chapter 649
Karl then instructed the doctors to let Sasha take a nap there before quickly leaving with the samples. 
The weather grew incredibly chilly as the sky grew dark in the evening, and the temperature dropped even further when it drizzled. 
As they left the doors to the emergency ward open to facilitate the reception of patients, a sudden gust of chilly wind blew on Sasha, waking her up. 
“You’re awake?” asked a nurse when she saw Sasha open her eyes. 
Her eyelids fluttered for a bit as she slowly took in her surroundings before shifting her gaze toward the nurse. “What happened to me?” 
“Someone came to visit your father earlier this afternoon. You got so agitated and passed out when you saw him. We’ve administered some sedatives, so please try to rest well,” the nurse explained patiently. 
What? I’ve been sleeping here the whole afternoon? 
Realizing what had happened, Sasha threw the blanket aside and sat upright immediately. “What about my dad? How is he now?” 
She was in a hurry to see Rufus, but the nurse stopped her when she tried to get off the bed. 
“Take it easy, Dr. Nancy. Your father is fine for the time being. The doctors have given him some medicine to stabilize his condition.”
Judging by the way the nurse addressed me as Dr. Nancy, I can tell that she isn’t treating me like an outsider… So… Dad’s condition is stabilized, huh… 
Sasha felt slightly relieved upon hearing that. 
“What medicine did they give him? Did you guys manage to find out what poisoned him?” 
“No, it was that guy who came to see you earlier. He had someone else analyzed the sample, but they weren’t able to determine its exact contents, so we could only administer the antidotes we have available.” 
The nurse told her everything about Karl, and she wasn’t lying about not finding anything about the poison, either. 
Yancy is an exceptionally cruel and psychopathic woman. She owns Sinch Enterprise in Xenhall and a team of specialists in charge of researching and developing new drugs. All the products that she has invented so far are still unavailable on the black market, but those products would surely bring her huge profits once they do! The drug lords Karl contacted could not determine the contents of the poison because they have never seen it before! 
With that in mind, Sasha quickly got off the bed and grabbed her coat before running out of the emergency ward. 
“Where are you going, Dr. Nancy?” 
“There’s something I need to take care of. Please look after my dad for me while I’m gone!” Sasha replied before disappearing behind the door. 
She had to ask Karl what Rufus was poisoned with, where Sebastian was, and what he was playing at.
Even if we’re having a problem with our relationship right now, my dad’s life is on the line here! How could he be so cold-hearted toward his father-in-law? 
After trudging through the chilly wind and rain for about thirty minutes, Sasha finally arrived at the Palace Hotel. 
He has two incredibly cozy houses, and yet he chooses to stay at a hotel? Oh, the irony… 
She thought to herself as she entered the lobby with her clothes drenched and her hair all messy. 
“Hello, miss! Would you like to book a room?” 
“No, I want go to your penthouse suite,” a pale-faced Sasha replied emotionlessly. 
The penthouse suite? Isn’t that the one currently occupied by the President of Hayes Corporation? 
The lady at the front desk frowned immediately upon hearing that. “I’m sorry, miss. A VIP guest currently occupies the penthouse suite. We can’t let you in without his permission.” 
“I’m his wife!” Sasha said coldly before making her way toward the elevator. 
His wife? A woman all drenched and disheveled like that? 
Everyone at the front desk was completely shocked by what they had just heard. 
Naturally, they didn’t believe Sasha at all, but she was already in the elevator by the time they regained their composure. 
A few minutes later, Sasha was hammering away on the door of the penthouse suite while yelling at the top of her lungs, “Open the door, Sebastian!”
Sabrina’s words from the night before had calmed her down and gave her a glimmer of hope, but Sebastian’s cold and heartless actions that day had angered her to the core. 
###Chapter 650
Chapter 650
After about two minutes of knocking, the hotel staff were about to take her away when the door opened suddenly, and Sebastian stood there in a white bathrobe. 
“We’re sorry, Mr. Hayes! She…” 
“It’s all right. Leave us,” Sebastian said casually while motioning at them to leave. 
Sasha glared daggers at him because she couldn’t understand why he looked so carefree staying at a hotel while her father’s fate was still uncertain. 
“Why are you here? Shouldn’t you be at the hospital?” he asked nonchalantly. 
Sasha exploded with anger when she saw his lukewarm response and barged into the room, yelling furiously, “Why am I here? Can’t you tell? What’s the meaning of this, Sebastian? My dad’s life is hanging on a thread! Aren’t you going to at least pay him a visit? You’re his son-in-law, for goodness’ sake!” 
Despite her outburst, Sebastian simply shot her an indifferent glance and tossed her a dry towel as he said, “Didn’t Karl tell you? I couldn’t go see him because I was busy at the time.” 
Sasha was so mad that she hurled the towel aside and jabbed at his chest with her finger. “Busy? What could possibly be more important than my dad’s life? Are you seriously that heartless?” 
Regardless of her extremely emotional outburst, Sebastian’s indifferent attitude remained unchanged. 
“I had Karl head over in my place, didn’t I? That crazy b*tch poisoned your dad because you crossed her, and now you’re blaming me for not going to see him? Don’t you think you’re putting the cart before the
horse here?” 
His cruel response struck Sasha like a bolt from the blue, and she simply stood there speechless at what she heard. 
He knew about the poison? So, this is his reason for being so cold and not going to the hospital? 
She took some time to compose herself after the disheartening realization. “Yes, I’m the one who crossed Yancy, but all I want is for you to help me out! You’re my husband! Who else is going to help me if you don’t?” 
With that, the tears that she had been fighting to hold back came rolling down her cheeks uncontrollably. 
For a split second, Sebastian felt his heart ache so much that he could barely hold the wineglass in his hand. 
Yes, this is what it means to be ruthless! I never wanted for all of this to happen, but I have no choice! In order for you to live a better life, I must make myself the villain. 
“All right, I’ll go see Roxanne,” he said while placing his wineglass down on the table. 
Roxanne? Oh, right! Roxanne is a genius when it comes to medicine! She was the one who treated Sabrina when she was poisoned with Phantasia back then! 
Sasha’s eyes lit up, and she nodded profusely in response. “Okay, you go talk to her! I’ll wait for your reply!” 
Had she known the disasters those words would bring her, she probably wouldn’t have let him go that night. 
After Sebastian left the hotel, Sasha spent the night in the penthouse suite.
The sky was already bright by the time she woke up the next day. 
Sasha walked up to the window and saw the entire city covered in a thick layer of snow that resembled a white blanket. 
She was spacing out at the beautiful scenery before her. 
Brrr… Brrr… 
Her phone began vibrating on the nightstand suddenly, snapping her out of her daze. 
“Hello?” 
“Hey, Sasha! I heard you need to save your dad?” 
It’s Roxanne! 
Sasha got so agitated that she could barely talk properly. “Y-Yes, I do! Can you save him? My dad is currently in First Hospital!” 
“Sure, I’ll head over right now. Wait there,” Roxanne replied readily with a chuckle and hung up the phone. 
She agreed! Dad will be fine for sure! Sasha was so glad that she didn’t know what else to say. 
She then quickly got changed and washed up before rushing over to the hospital in a cab. 
Upon entering the hospital, Sasha saw Roxanne standing in the outpatient lobby, dressed in a wool hat and a bright red dress. 
Huh… Isn’t it a bit cold for a dress like that?
Sasha wondered in confusion, but quickly dismissed that thought. She couldn’t care less about anything else, since her dad’s condition was her main priority. 
###Chapter 651
Chapter 651
“Hey, Roxanne! My dad is inside!” 
“Okay, lead the way!” Roxanne nodded with a smile and grabbed her handbag as she entered. 
Hmm… It sure isn’t like her to be so friendly all of a sudden… Oh, well… Maybe it’s because Sebastian begged her to help. 
Sasha thought to herself as they made their way to the doctor in the laboratory. 
“Here, this is the one. This is also Yancy’s doing, so it should be similar to the one Sabrina was given previously, albeit a bit more advanced,” Sasha said while handing her the samples of the poison. 
She had given Roxanne a brief explanation of what happened, hoping to aid her in developing an antidote sooner, but Roxanne simply flashed her an impatient look in response. 
“I’ll look at it myself. I have a record of the previous analysis, so you don’t have to remind me about it.” 
That response was typical of her, so Sasha thought little about it until she noticed a red spot on Roxanne’s exposed neck when she bent over. 
That looks like a hickey… Wait a minute… A hickey? Why would she have one? Did she get a new boyfriend or something? 
Unaware that Sasha was spacing out while staring at her, Roxanne stood up after retrieving the samples and got ready to leave. “All right, let’s go. We need to get some blood samples from your dad.” 
Sasha took a few seconds to regain her composure and led Roxanne to her dad’s ward.
As the latter brought little tools with her, Sasha had to borrow a syringe and ice box from the nurse to get the blood sample. 
“Give him a little massage to get the blood flowing. Poisons like these will numb the heart first, so your dad’s blood isn’t fresh at the moment. I need to get a fresh sample for my analysis,” Roxanne instructed after examining Rufus, who was still unconscious. 
Sasha did as told, and Roxanne leaned in closer to examine his eyes. 
That was when Sasha’s mind went blank after she caught a whiff of a very familiar fragrance from the woman’s body. 
“What are you doing? Hurry up and massage him!” Roxanne scolded her impatiently when she saw that her assistant had stopped moving. 
After what seemed like forever, Sasha found herself asking, “You hate me, don’t you? Why would you agree to save my dad?” 
“Yeah, I do hate you. But then he came asking me for help, and I couldn’t bring myself to refuse him.” 
Roxanne did not attempt to hide it at all, and Sasha found herself freaking out when she heard that. 
“That’s it? You didn’t make any requests in return?” she pressed on. 
“Of course I did. I made him have dinner with me last night.” 
Sasha lost control over her emotions and looked extremely agitated as she cut her off. “Nonsense! You obviously had more than just dinner with him! What else did you make him do?” 
Roxanne went pale at her words, and there was a hint of anger in her eyes as she quickly denied those accusations.
“What are you saying? What could I possibly make him do? He’s a grown man, for crying out loud! You think I can just order him around like a slave? I can’t believe how unreasonable you’re being right now!” 
Seeing as she refused to admit it, Sasha reached out and tore open her collar. The nurses came in when they heard the commotion. Everyone was surprised to see Roxanne’s neck and chest covered in hickeys. 
Feeling embarrassed at having her secret exposed, she burned bright red and had a twisted expression on her face. 
Sasha, on the other hand, was shaking uncontrollably from the devastation. 
She felt like someone had kicked her off a ledge and she was lying weakly in a puddle of her blood at the bottom of a deep canyon. 
“Y-You… You b*tch! Why would you do this? Why?” 
Roxanne retaliated by grabbing her by the arm. “Why, you ask? Don’t you know why? I’ve always loved him, but I could never have him! Now that you’ve delivered him right to my doorstep, how could I possibly refuse the offer?” 
“You-” 
“Besides, did you really think hypnosis is some magical bullet that’ll make people do anything you want them to? Because of his powerful will, I couldn’t even erase his memories back then! You think I’d be able to hypnotize him into sleeping with me?” 
That last sentence hit Sasha like a freight train. 
###Chapter 652
Chapter 652
Sasha stood rooted to the spot as her mind went blank. All she could do was stared at Roxanne in disbelief. 
How? How did this happen? He would never lay a finger on this woman before, so… Last night… Why would he… 
“Dr. Nancy? Dr. Nancy?” one nurse cried out when she noticed something was amiss. 
While Sasha was staggering backward to hold herself steady, Roxanne’s words dealt yet another tremendous blow to her. 
“You’re probably wondering why he’d sleep with me when he wouldn’t even touch me back then, huh? Well, I’ll tell you why. It’s because you’re filthy, Sasha! It’s only natural that a man like him who values loyalty over everything else would seek comfort in a pure individual like myself!” 
By combining her nasty insults with her intensive knowledge of psychology, Roxanne delivered maximum damage and crushed Sasha completely. 
Ha! Take that, Sasha! 
She thought to herself with a chuckle as she grabbed her stuff and walked off while Sasha lay weakly in a nurse’s arms. 
Unsure of what to do, the nurses could only lay the unconscious Sasha down on the bed next to her dad’s. 
It was the first time they had seen such despair throughout their time there.
By the time Sabrina found out about it, Roxanne had already gone home feeling proud as a peacock at her victory. 
These b*stards! 
Infuriated, Sabrina got on her bike and rode straight to Hayes Corporation. 
“Ms. Sabrina? What… What are you doing here? Mr. Hayes said…” 
“Out of my way!” 
Unlike Sasha, Sabrina was no pushover. She sent the security guard flying with a kick. 
As she was infamous for her violent behavior, everyone in the building steered clear after witnessing what she did. 
There were only a few people left in the lobby by the time she entered the building, much to her delight. 
Hmph, glad these guys know not to mess with me! 
It didn’t take long for Sabrina to reach the president’s office. 
“M-Ms. Sabrina…” 
The staff in the president’s office were so scared to see her that they were stammering and stuttering incoherently. 
Some of those staff used to work with her back when she was in charge of the company, and that made them fear her even more, knowing exactly how hot-tempered and violent she was. 
Sabrina walked straight up to Sebastian’s door and kicked it open, shocking everyone with the loud noise.
Bang! 
All eyes were instantly on her, including Sebastian, who was sitting at his desk. 
“Ms. Sabrina? What are you…” 
“Get the hell out of here if you value your life!” she shouted angrily at the senior staff in the office. 
They looked at Sebastian and left after seeing him nodding slightly in response. 
These siblings sure are a scary bunch! 
With the office in complete silence after everyone left, Sabrina glared at Sebastian and asked, “What the hell are you playing at? Do you have any idea how crazy things have been lately?” 
Sabrina has barely been home all this while, and she’s talking to me about how crazy things are? What a joke! 
“What, you got bored with living a peaceful life?” he returned with a sneer. 
The look on Sabrina’s face changed instantly. “What are you saying? I’m talking about your wife! What the hell is going on between you two? I heard you’ve been sleeping with that b*tch Roxanne! Have you lost your mind? Why would you sleep with her?” 
Her blood was boiling, and the mere mention of her brother sleeping with Roxanne disgusted her to the core. 
Sebastian too, had a gloomy look on his face as he said, “Who I sleep with is none of your business!” 
“I’m your sister, Sebastian! I have every right to control who you sleep with! Don’t you f*cking forget that you’re a married man and a father of three! You can’t afford to think with your d*ck anymore!”
Bam! 
Livid with rage, Sebastian grabbed an ashtray from the table and hurled it at her feet. 
This crazy b*tch! I’ll tear her a new one if she doesn’t stop running her mouth! 
###Chapter 653
Chapter 653
Fortunately for Sabrina, she had decent reflex and could move out of the way. Otherwise, there would’ve been blood all over the floor she was standing on. 
“Have you forgotten why you’re still standing here right now, Sabrina?” Sebastian shouted, coldly and angrily. 
Those words were like salt on her wound, and Sabrina exploded with rage upon hearing them. “What do you mean by that, huh? How dare you bring that up now?” 
She saw her banishment back then as the greatest humiliation of all time, but Sebastian couldn’t care less about her feelings as he took things up a notch with his response. 
“Why wouldn’t I? Right now, I think that decision was the wisest one I’ve ever made in handling your case! Had Sasha not been with you at the time, I wouldn’t have let you return at all!” 
“You…” 
With her eyes bloodshot from rage, Sabrina ran up to his desk and grabbed the telephone with both hands to smash his head. 
Damn it, I’ve never felt this upset in my entire life! We’re siblings, for goodness’ sake! How could he do such a cruel thing to me for some other woman? Can he even hear what he’s saying right now? I haven’t really spoken to him ever since my return because I was waiting for him to apologize, but that apology never came… 
Sabrina stopped herself when the telephone was inches away from her brother’s head.
“Well? Go on, then! Hit me! Hit me, and Hayes Corporation will be yours!” Sebastian didn’t even flinch in the slightest. 
Her hands were trembling like crazy, but she eventually smashed the telephone on the desk instead. 
“You’ll regret this, Sebastian!” she spat those words out slowly. 
Sebastian gave her a sarcastic nod in response. “You’re right, I do regret it. I regret saving you back then.” 
Once again, she found herself staring at him speechlessly in disbelief. 
What? Does he have any idea what he just said? 
For someone who had been tough and arrogant her entire life, Sabrina found crying to be a sign of weakness. And yet, she couldn’t stop her tears from rolling down her cheeks as she said, “Okay… I see… Very well, then… You remember what you said today, Sebastian! See if you won’t regret it in the future!” 
Sabrina then wiped the tears off her face and stormed out of the office, shocking Luke, who was on his way in. 
He stood there and stared at her as she left, feeling as if something was driving him insane deep down inside. 
“Why did you go that far, Mr. Hayes? She’s your sister, not your wife.” 
“What difference does it make?” Sebastian asked with an indifferent look on his face, much to Luke’s surprise. 
However, the look of surprise faded when he realized the meaning behind those words.
He’s right… They’re both family to him, so there really is no difference. 
Sabrina was long gone by the time Sasha returned to Frontier Bay. 
The kids told her their aunt had left angrily on her motorcycle after hearing about her incident, and that she never came back ever since. 
“Did something happen to Grandpa, Mommy?” 
Having felt uneasy throughout the day, the kids brushed the housemaid aside and ran straight for their mother the moment they saw her. 
Sasha stared at them before looking at the house that she had tidied up all by herself. 
This place just feels cold and dead now. 
“I’m a little tired, kids. Let me get some rest upstairs, okay?” 
For the first time, she could not keep herself together in front of her kids. 
Being the immature one of the three, Vivian pouted and was about to lunge at her, but Matteo and Ian stopped her in time. 
“Okay, Mommy! Rest well. We won’t disturb you.” 
“Yeah,” Ian added with a nod. 
With that, Sasha went into her room upstairs and lay motionless on her bed. 
###Chapter 654
Chapter 654
She never thought the man whom she was head over heels in love with would spend a night in bed with another woman for her sake. 
She wasn’t sure if she was in a position to blame him when she was the reason things had turned out as such. 
Am I supposed to hold him accountable when he has approached her because of my absurd request? 
He can return the favor by granting her a fortune or allowing her to make a name out of herself over the night! Why hasn’t he offered her something else? Why has he given in to her request? 
Does he really consider me his wife? Does he still care about this family of ours? Isn’t he aware trust is the foundation of a marriage? 
Slouching against the couch, torrents of grief streamed down Sasha’s cheeks since things had gotten to the point of no return. 
The faces of the three little ones outside of her room scrunched up when they heard their mother weeping. 
“Is Mommy crying because of Grandpa?” 
Vivian, who had always been the clingiest amongst all, could barely suppress the urge to cry when she heard her mother weeping. 
Ian and Matteo went dead silent as they were aware that might be the reason their mother was upset.
Similarly, the dejected Matteo asked with a pair of welled-up eyes, “Ian, what are we supposed to do? Are we supposed to visit Grandpa?” 
Ian responded with a frown and thought there was nothing much they could do to turn the tables. Thus, he thought of approaching their father for his aid. 
The three little ones made their way downstairs in an attempt to confront their almighty father the reason their mother was upset when their father was capable of almost everything. 
Unfortunately, a handsome and young man got in their way the moment they made their way downstairs. 
The man asked, “Where are you guys going?” 
Huh? Who’s this handsome man? 
Vivian, who had always been a huge fan of good-looking men, stopped weeping and asked, “Who are you? Why have I never seen you around before?” 
Calvin couldn’t get used to the little girl’s affectionate look and mellifluous voice. He answered while looking elsewhere, “Hello, Vivian. My name is Calvin. Your father has sent me to pick you and your brothers up.” 
It turns out Daddy has sent him to pick us up! 
The little girl was thrilled and sprinted in the direction of the good-looking young man without waiting for his brothers. 
The little girl couldn’t care less and wrapped his arms around Calvin’s leg. “Sure! Why don’t you bring us to him? We have something to ask him!” 
The young man thought of fleeing the scene since no one had ever been so affectionate around him when he was merely an orphan.
Had Frederick not taken his brother and him in back in the day, they might have long starved to their death. 
In short, he had never encountered someone as adorable as Vivian being so affectionate around him. 
“W-Why don’t you return to your brothers’ side?” 
“No! I want you to give me a lift!” The little girl, who had no intention of moving away from the man, insisted she wanted no one apart from him to hold her in his arms. 
In the end, Calvin held her in his arms as requested. He couldn’t believe a little girl was capable of startling him when he was afraid of nothing else. 
Instead of getting in their way, the little girl’s brothers went after the duo since Calvin had been sent by their father to pick them up. 
Little did they know that was the last time they had the chance to set foot in the place. 
Sasha fell into a deep slumber after bawling her eyes out for a long time. 
By the time she was roused from her sleep, she found out it was already late evening. 
It’s already so late! If that’s the case, Dad— 
She jumped out of bed and dashed out of the bedroom halfway through her process of thought. 
“Mrs. Hayes, are you finally awake?” 
The moment she walked downstairs, she saw a housemaid standing next to the dining table, waiting for her in a courteous manner.
Sasha was startled by the housemaid’s presence as she couldn’t recall hiring a figure of that sort. Nonetheless, she had no time for the mysterious maid. 
“Where’s Ian?” 
“Mr. Hayes said no one would be available to keep an eye on them. Thus, he has sent someone to pick them up to Hayes Residence.” 
###Chapter 655
Chapter 655
The housemaid answered Sasha’s query instead of lying to her. 
Hayes Residence? Well, I think it’s great since others are available to keep an eye on them and tend to their needs. 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief and brought herself to the foyer to get herself changed into another pair of shoes before heading out. 
“Mrs. Hayes, are you heading out?” 
“Mmm.” 
Out of the blue, the housemaid announced, “Mr. Hayes has just called and mentioned he will be back in a few minutes. Aren’t you going to join him for a meal before heading out?” 
As a result, Sasha felt her limbs turning rigid when she found out Sebastian would be home to join her for a meal. 
It sounded too good to be true. As much as she had her fair share of doubts, she just couldn’t bring herself to leave the house once she found out the man would be back. 
In the end, she returned to the dining room and saw the man who had been staying away from him over the past two days showing up in front of her. 
“It’s Mr. Hayes! He’s finally back!” the housemaid announced at the top of her lungs and rushed in the direction of the entrance to welcome Sebastian.
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat when she thought she no longer had a thing for the man. It turned out that wasn’t the case since she was on pins and needles at his presence. 
A few minutes later, they heard familiar footsteps closing in the direction of the villa. The man finally showed up in the foyer. 
“Mr. Hayes, welcome back!” 
“Where’s Sasha?” 
Sebastian got himself changed into a pair of indoor sandals while inquiring Sasha’s whereabouts. 
Sasha, who was merely a few feet away in the dining room, could feel her heart racing when she heard his question. 
“Mrs. Hayes is right over there! She had been waiting for you ever since I told her you would be back for dinner!” The housemaid took over Sebastian’s coat and ushered him to the dining room. 
Sebastian went dead silent when he caught a glimpse of Sasha in the dining room. 
It was impossible for them to get affectionate around one another since their children weren’t around to keep the conversation going on. 
Shortly after Sebastian got his hands washed after making his way home, his heart started aching when he saw the dishes on the dining table. 
He was overwhelmed by the familiar sensation and the things awaiting him back in the day. 
“Hurry up and finish your meal! I’m sure you’re hungry after such a long day!” 
Instead of bringing up anything, Sasha started savoring the dishes as soon as he joined her at the dining table.
Things remained awkward throughout the meal. They could barely enjoy the dishes the housemaid had prepared beforehand as things were no longer the same. 
Instead of breaking the silence, he started savoring the dishes in a similar manner. 
A short while later, Sasha broke the silence and mentioned, “Roxanne dropped by the hospital today.” 
“Mmm.” 
“She had promised to do me a favor and create the antidote for Dad.” 
He replied nonchalantly, “I’m aware of that as well.” 
Sasha closed her eyes and recalled the incident in the morning. All of a sudden, she felt a strong urge to puke and couldn’t bring herself to finish her meal anymore. 
She mustered her courage and blurted out the question she had been keeping to herself, “D-Don’t you have anything else to tell me?” 
The man opposite him finally brought himself to a halt as he couldn’t bear to hurt her more than he had and thought it was time to tell her everything. 
“What else are you expecting?” 
“Had you spent the night with Roxanne? Why had she agreed to do me a favor to save Dad?” 
Sasha was on the verge of letting loose of her emotions. Out of the blue, she opened her welled-up pair of eyes and glared at the man in front of her. 
Sebastian responded with a frown and asked, “Does it really matter when you have gotten your hands on the thing you need?”
Unable to pull herself together anymore, she smashed everything in front of her to the ground and yelled, “No! I have never ever asked you to forsake yourself for my sake!” 
“What else am I supposed to do when you’re aware I’m the only one she wants? I can’t think of anything else apart from forsaking myself for the sake of your father! How else am I supposed to force her into submission?” 
Sasha was baffled by his reply since his rhetorical questions suggested he thought he had done nothing wrong. 
Is he indicating that’s the only thing he has in mind? Is he holding me accountable for the affair he’s having with another woman? 
###Chapter 656
Chapter 656
Sasha fell into a vicious cycle of despair when she thought things would never work out between them anymore. 
The heartbroken Sasha gasped out her suggestion, “Sebastian, let’s file for divorce.” 
The eyes of the man opposite her widened in disbelief when he heard her bringing up the suggestion to sever ties with one another. 
Sitting opposite her, his fastened grips started shivering under the dining table. He felt awful as if an important part of his had been pulled apart against his will. 
“I think you have spent a night in bed with her just to get me back for lying at you. It’s nothing more than revenge, isn’t it? Well, it’s a huge success because I’m giving up on you for good.” 
Sasha exposed Sebastian’s intention in a calm and collected tone as she couldn’t care less about filing for divorce with the man anymore. 
Sebastian’s angst was written all over his face. Staring at her in the eyes, he repeated his question, “Have you made up your mind?” 
“We can proceed with the procedures immediately if you’re ready. Speaking of which, I hope you won’t stop Matteo and Vivian from leaving with me.” 
She carried on with the conversation and brought up her condition. 
After much considerations, Sebastian brought himself up and marched in the direction of his bag. When he returned, he took her by surprise with the divorce settlement agreement.
Sasha responded with a self-deprecating smirk and thought it was time for her to stop being hopeful. 
Without a second thought, she officiated the agreement and brought herself away from the dining room. 
All of a sudden, the man behind him asked, “I don’t think it’s a great idea for our children to live apart from their siblings just because of our divorce. Shall we grant them the freedom to visit either of us whenever they wish to for the sake of their growth?” 
Sasha brought herself to a halt since she wasn’t sure if it was a great idea. She just couldn’t process the things the man had brought up out of the blue after going through a major heartbreak a few seconds ago. 
“I guess it’s fine?” 
She staggered her way out of the house seconds after she finished her sentence. 
Instead of boarding the car, she braced herself through the heavy downpour and hailed a cab to a certain somewhere. 
The housemaid asked, “Mr. Hayes, are you sure it’s fine to let Mrs. Hayes wander off alone in the middle of the night?” 
Sebastian remained silent and crumpled the agreement, smashing the dishes on the table with all his might to take out the emotions he had been suppressing. 
Someday, I’ll make the Jadesons bear the consequences of their actions! 
The dejected Sasha was completely drenched by the time she showed up at the hospital. Ironically, she had shown up at the hotel for Sebastian in a similar manner the last night. 
Nonetheless, she thought she might stand a chance to reignite the passion she had for him, but after spending another day apart from the man, she knew it was impossible.
“Dr. Nancy? W-What’s wrong with you? Why are you completely drenched? You need to get yourself changed! Otherwise, you’re going to catch a cold! You can’t afford to fall sick when your father needs you!” 
The nurse was astonished by Sasha’s presence. She returned to Sasha’s side with a towel, but Sasha remained silent and strode in the direction of her father’s ward. 
There’s no way I’m allowing myself to catch a cold because my father needs me more than ever! I ran away from my parents when I was eighteen! There’s no way I’m running away from them again! 
“Dad, you don’t have to worry because I’ll do everything just to save you even if it comes at the cost of my life!” 
Staring at her unconscious father on the bed, the weeping woman grasped her father’s hand and placed it on her cheeks. 
“You’re finally back! Have you found the antidote for your father?” 
Out of nowhere, Sasha’s uncle, Jackson, showed up in the ward with a vacuum flask. Sasha’s aunt, Sharon, was right behind her uncle. 
Seconds after Sasha snapped out of bewilderment, she wiped her tears dry and asked, “Uncle Jackson, what brings you and Aunt Sharon here today?” 
“Why don’t you tell me where have you been throughout the day? The hospital told us you were nowhere to be seen after getting yourself involved in a fight with another woman!” 
The irritated Jackson glared at his niece in the eyes and confronted her in return. 
Sasha was astonished when she recalled she had spent the day doing nothing and left her father alone in the ward.
###Chapter 657
Chapter 657
She had no intention to explain herself. Thus, she made something up and said, “I-I have headed out to get the antidote.” 
“Have you found it or not? Just what the heck is wrong with you? Why are you picking on her when we need her help? Can’t you do your father a favor and turn a blind eye for the time being?” 
Sharon, who would rarely poke her nose into other’s business, remarked, “Indeed, Sasha’s the one who has gotten overly worked up.” 
Surprised by the remark, it took Sasha a few seconds to gather her thoughts. Once she returned to her senses, she announced with a nod, “I’ll keep that in mind and take care of it. I’ll definitely keep Dad safe at all costs.” 
Her uncle and aunt felt a sense of relief due to Sasha’s words of assurance. Thus, they left after spending another few minutes in the ward. 
After spending another few minutes to decide on her next best course of action, Sasha retrieved her phone and made a call. 
“Hello? I’m Sasha.” 
“Sasha? Have you changed your mind?” 
Thrilled by the call in the middle of the night, the woman on the other end had no intention to conceal her emotions at all.
Sasha closed her eyes to suppress the strong murderous intent she felt to carry on with the conversation. 
She brought herself to the window and asked, “Why don’t you tell me the things you need from me to set my father free?” 
“What do I need from you?” Yancy burst out laughing since Sasha had indicated she would yield herself at her mercy. 
“I don’t need anything from you, Sasha! Instead, why don’t you do me a favor and retrieve the letters I have written Frederick from Hayes Residence.” 
To Sasha’s surprise, the woman on the other end brought up a seemingly simple request as the things she needed was merely letters she had written Frederick. 
Why does she want to get her hands on those when he’s no longer around? On top of that, why can’t she send someone to retrieve those on her behalf when she has so many top-notch hitmen on her end? 
“The thoughts you have in mind are flattering me! Sebastian had long gotten rid of the hitmen I sent to infiltrate the place ever since Ken failed to take his target out!” 
It merely took Yancy a few seconds to rule out the things Sasha had in mind as Sasha went dead silent when she heard Yancy. 
Sasha gaped at Yancy’s speculation because the woman on the other end was spot on. Irked, she yelled, “You should’ve seen it coming!” 
“Well, that’s precisely the reason I’m asking you to do me a favor! I mean, you don’t think I can count on Akiko when she couldn’t even take you out, do you?”
Out of nowhere, Yancy brought up Akiko—the woman disguising herself as Sasha’s assistant for a long time. 
Sasha started shivering in anger, but she had to keep those to herself as she was in desperate need of the antidote to save her father. 
“How am I supposed to trust you when there’s a chance of you deceiving me?” 
“As soon as you hand over the things I need to Akiko, she’ll give you the thing you need in return. Speaking of which, don’t think of approaching her because she won’t get her hands on the thing you need until you’re done.” 
Gritting her teeth in indignation, Sasha couldn’t believe Yancy had all sorts of countermeasures in place to keep her at the bay. 
Her face turned pale and haggard. She grasped the phone with all her might and closed her eyes to make up her mind. 
In the end, she knew she had to honor the deal since she wasn’t given much of an option in the race against time. 
The temporary measure they had in place would merely last his father another day. In other words, his father’s life would be at stake if she couldn’t get her hands on the antidote in time. 
On top of that, the only thing Yancy needed was the letters she had sent Frederick back in the day. Thus, Sasha thought it wasn’t much of a big deal. 
As a safety precaution, she would peruse the contents of the letters and omit the ones harming the Hayes if there were any.
As soon as Sasha ensured she would get it done in no time, she wrapped up the conversation and hung up the call. 
I need to get my hands on the antidote! 
Sebastian felt awful since he was the only one at Frontier Bay. He thought a huge part of him had been extracted against his will. 
Out of nowhere, Karl showed up and announced, “Mr. Hayes, we have found Mrs. Hayes.” 
Slouching against the couch, Sebastian, who had lost himself in a train of thought, returned to his senses and asked, “Where is she?” 
“She hailed a cab and made her way to Hayes Residence shortly after her conversation with Yancy.” 
Karl recalled the timeline of Sasha’s series of movements during her time at the hospital and shared the details with Sebastian. 
Why is she on her way to Hayes Residence? Has the vicious woman finally made up her mind to take action? 
He felt a sense of relief and thought he could stop acting in front of the ones he held dear in mind soon. 
Hence, he instructed, “Just leave her alone and keep an eye on her from time to time.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
###Chapter 658
Chapter 658
Instead of making his way out of the study, he asked after pausing for a few seconds, “Mr. Hayes, why have you caused Mrs. Hayes to misperceive something’s going on between you and Ms. Rocke when Ms. Rocke was merely there for a short while—” 
Karl’s voice trailed off toward the end because he was well aware Roxanne had merely spent half an hour in Sebastian’s room last night. 
He had been keeping an eye on Sebastian outside of the hotel. Thus, he knew they couldn’t do much within half an hour. 
She mentioned something along the line of hypnotizing Mr. Hayes when she was at the hospital! I’m pretty sure she has been lying again because there was no way she could get everything done within thirty minutes! 
As confused as Karl might be, Sebastian had no intention to explain himself. 
Sebastian went dead silent for a long time. In the end, he said in a dejected tone, “It doesn’t really matter as long as it gets her to sign.” 
Karl didn’t even flinch when he had to take their foes out on the battlefield—he couldn’t believe he would have a hard time catching his breath due to a mundane issue between a husband and a wife. 
What the heck is going on? Urgh! That’s it! I’m getting out of here! 
The infuriated Karl stomped his way out of the study.
Two hours later, someone from Hayes Residence informed Sebastian that Sasha had sneaked her way into the late Frederick’s bedroom and retrieved a stack of something from a locked wardrobe. 
Karl felt a strong urge to figure out the things Sasha had retrieved, but he was afraid of confronting the woman in fear of alarming their foes after plotting against them for such a long time. 
Thus, they had a long night since they had different things in mind. 
Sasha finally returned to the ward with the stack of letters and found out those were nothing more than love letters with lustful contents. 
In spite of being a woman, Yancy was the aggressive one. She didn’t bother to conceal the sort of lust she had for Frederick and shared the wild fantasies she had with him. 
Sir, I have never seen such a masculine figure throughout my entire life! I think I have a thing for you! 
Sir, how does it feel to kiss me on the lips? I’m sure it feels different, doesn’t it? Don’t you think I’m better than your wife? 
Sir, I need you! Can you please drop by my place and keep me company? 
Sasha could barely brace herself through the lustful contents and felt a strong urge to puke by the end of the session. 
As a matter of fact, those couldn’t be considered love letters when she was just a mistress writing in to seduce a married man. It was the only mean of communication since phones weren’t a thing back then. 
The shameless woman had the audacity to seduce the man in an attempt to lure him into betraying his wife and family. 
Ironically, Yancy did a great job pretending to be an innocent woman during the time spent with Sasha’s mother, Heather.
Yancy had been playing the victim and told Heather she was never the one at fault. She even mentioned something along the line of Frederick being the persistent one, hitting on her over and over again. 
She claimed the pervert had ruined her life when she was supposed to be having the best time of her life as the heiress of a renowned family. 
Truth be told, Frederick was merely in his early thirties since they had just welcomed the newborn, Sabrina, to the family. 
However, Yancy had the audacity to shame him in front of others, calling him an old pervert when she was the one addressing him in an intimate manner. 
Unable to withstand the disgusting content of the letters anymore, Sasha cast the stack of letters on the desk and yelled, “She’s just a shameless woman!” 
I guess it’s true when others claim shameless people are the nastiest opponents! 
Sasha stuffed the letters into a plastic bag and thought of bringing those to Akiko early in the morning. 
Others would think those were nothing more than a stack of letters from Yancy to Frederick in an attempt to drive him away from his family. 
In other words, no one would figure out those had always been the crucial part of Yancy’s evil plan to get her revenge against the man she deemed heartless. 
Jayne wouldn’t stop picking on Frederick due to Frieda’s presence, but Frederick had never thought of leaving his family. 
On top of that, he couldn’t allow others to figure out Sebastian and Frieda’s relationship and the fact Sebastian wasn’t his biological son.
Therefore, there was no way he would file for divorce with Jayne as much as his wife couldn’t stand the presence of those she deemed outsiders. 
He stopped getting in touch with Yancy when he felt things were about to spiral out of control. 
Similarly, Yancy, who had tasted success, was against the idea of living a life inferior to her peers. She was determined to drag others to hell with her merely because her life was a complete mess. 
That was precisely the reason she started writing the man the letters with lustful contents as soon as he warned her to stay away from him. 
Afraid Jayne would make a fuss out of the presence of those letters, Frederick had no choice but to keep those in hiding. 
The things others deemed a stack of letters were the trump cards Yancy could leverage to achieve the sort of life she had been seeking. 
###Chapter 659
Chapter 659
Sasha made her way to the designated location early in the morning. 
The city had been raining cats and dogs over the night. Thus, one would easily slip and fall should one fail to keep an eye on their steps. 
Sasha hailed a cab to a supermarket in the central region of the city and saw Akiko as soon as she alighted from the cab. 
Akiko stammered at the presence of Sasha, “M-Ms. Wand—” 
Instead of losing her cool, Sasha glared at Akiko in the eyes and asked in a callous tone, “Where’s the thing I need?” 
Akiko handed over the things she had brought along with her hands shivering against her will. 
It was evident the antidote was inside the delicate-looking box. Sasha stretched her hands and instructed, “Hand it over to me!” 
Akiko turned around with her eyes widened in horror. She started begging Sasha, “M-Ms. Wand, can you please hand over the things you have brought to me?” 
She was afraid of the things awaiting her should she fail to complete the assigned tasks. Horrified, her legs started shivering again. 
Sasha was well aware of the things Akiko had brought up. Instead of trying to make Akiko’s life miserable, Sasha handed over the stack of letters to Akiko.
“Is Ken and Hanako your siblings?” 
“Y-Yes!” 
Akiko retrieved the things Sasha brought along and completed the deal. 
Similarly, Sasha heaved a long sigh of relief when she got her hands on the antidote she needed for her father. 
“If that’s the case, are you aware of the reason behind your siblings’ demise?” 
“H-Huh?” Akiko looked at Sasha in the eyes since Sasha brought up an unexpected topic of the blue when they were in the middle of a trade. 
Why is she asking the obvious when she’s the one who has brought upon their demise? 
Akiko wasn’t as intimidated as she was anymore when she recalled the presence of her deceased siblings. To be precise, her angst was written all over her face. 
Sasha had been observing the changes in Akiko’s emotions. As a result, she chuckled and asked, “Has Yancy told you we were the ones behind your siblings’ demise?” 
“Are you suggesting that’s not the case?” 
“Of course! She had sent your brother to take Mr. Hayes Sr. out! In other words, she was the one behind your brother’s demise! There was no way Channing could take him out if she wished to keep him safe!” 
As the woman in front of her remained silent, Sasha added, “Also, Hanako had brought upon her very own demise by dancing to Yancy’s tune. She shouldn’t have been my doppelganger when there was no way she could deceive others.”
A few seconds of pause later, she explained, “I mean, even if she could deceive others and get others to acknowledge her as Sasha, you don’t think she could deceive Sebastian, do you? Xenia, who had tried something similar, was sent to Yancy and beaten to a pulp in the end. You don’t think Yancy is going to forgive your sister, do you?” 
Akiko’s face turned pale and haggard in a few seconds after figuring out the truth. 
No! I’m sure she’s lying! There’s no way Mrs. Tsurka will lie to me when she has brought us up ever since we were young! She would never put our lives at stake! 
Akiko staggered in disbelief and returned to the side of the man hiding in the dark throughout the entire session. 
The man snatched the things Akiko had retrieved from Sasha and fled the scene without a second thought instead of bringing Akiko away with him. 
She rushed in the direction of the man and yelled, “No, Koizumi! You can’t leave me alone! Please bring me away with you!” 
Unfortunately, her effort was to no avail as she fell due to the slippery floor. 
The helpless foreigner started wailing in the middle of nowhere, “N-No! You can’t leave me alone! I’m making my way back to Jetroina as well!” 
It was then she found out they were merely pawns of the vicious woman as Sasha had told her a few minutes ago. 
Staring dead ahead, the weeping Akiko muttered to herself with a determined look, “Yancy, I’ll definitely avenge my siblings and get the better of you!” 
On the other hand, Sasha returned to the hospital as soon as she got her hands on the antidote.
Jackson and Sharon had long made their way to the hospital. They asked the moment they saw Sasha, “Sasha, where’s the antidote?” 
Sasha unlocked the box and retrieved the syringe with colorful solution. 
She stopped getting her hopes high with Roxanne ever since she figured out Sebastian had spent a night with Roxanne. 
Sasha was utterly disgusted and couldn’t bring herself to rely on Roxanne. Otherwise, she would get reminded of the things she had to go through whenever she saw her father. 
###Chapter 660
Chapter 660
Without a second thought, Sasha injected the so-called antidote. 
A short while later, Rufus, who had been unconscious for a few days, moved his fingers and opened his eyes. 
Unable to contain his excitement, the thrilled Jackson yelled, “H-He’s finally awake!” 
Sasha was equally thrilled. She grasped her father’s hand and started sniffling all over again. “D-Dad, you’re finally awake!” 
Rufus felt as if he had just roused from a lucid dream. He could barely see those around him, but he could hear his daughter crying next to him. 
After being unconscious for such a long time, he couldn’t even recall the things he had gone through over the past few days. 
Jackson thought of something and instructed Sharon, “Hurry up and go get the doctor over to check on him!” 
“Alright!” 
Sharon finally returned to her senses and rushed out of the ward to get the doctor. 
Rufus had long regained his consciousness and returned to his usual self once the doctor made his way to the ward.
“How have you guys gotten rid of the toxin in his system? Is this the antidote devised by the lady who has shown up in the ward yesterday?” the attending physician exclaimed after conducting a series of check-ups. 
Sasha went dead silent instead of answering the attending physician’s question. 
On the other hand, Sharon answered on Sasha’s behalf, “We have acquired someone else’s aid to devise the antidote. Speaking of which, is the patient fine?” 
The doctor responded with a nod and remarked in a serious tone, “He’s currently fine, but it has taken quite a toll on his system. If it’s possible, allow him to take a long break once he’s discharged from the hospital.” 
If Dad needs a long break, I’ll bring him abroad for some time with me! I have no intention to stay around! I guess it’s about time to go for a short vacation! 
Once Sasha made up her mind, she shared her decisions with Jackson and Sharon after making their way out of the ward. 
Sharon wasn’t particularly against the idea, but Jackson asked, “What about your children? Are you sure Sebastian isn’t against the idea?” 
Sasha smirked when she heard her uncle’s question. She thought he was in no position to stop her when they had filed for divorce. 
Nonetheless, she kept those to herself and told Jackson and Sharon to take care of themselves when she wasn’t around. 
She also mentioned she would acquire Lance’s aid to manage Wand Enterprise for the upcoming financial year.
Shortly after she wrapped up their conversation, she made her way into the ward and dropped by Hayes Residence after spending another few hours with her father. 
She thought of bringing her children away for her upcoming trip as she would be leaving for quite a long time. 
After all, Sebastian mentioned he wasn’t against the idea of their children spending time with either of them even after their divorce. 
To her surprise, the three little ones were nowhere to be seen the moment she reached Hayes Residence. 
“Saul, where’s Matteo, Ian, and Vivian?” 
“Huh? Are you here for my nephews and niece?” Saul was startled when he noticed Sasha was there for her children. 
Sasha gaped at Saul’s reply and thought Sebastian must have taken their children away from her again. 
Out of the blue, a housemaid walked out of the children’s room when Sasha was about to make a call. 
She announced, “Mrs. Hayes, are you here for your children? Mr. Hayes had sent someone to pick them up and instructed him to send them to the Soprano family last night.” 
The Soprano family? 
Sasha stared at the housemaid in disbelief and lost herself in another process of thought. 
Is this one of his attempts to get his revenge against me for sneaking my way into his family’s residence and smuggling a few trivial letters without his consent?
Why has he sent them to the Soprano family when he’s not even keeping in touch with them after the passing of his so-called mother? 
If that’s the case, is the Soprano family aware of the truth behind Frieda’s identity as well? 
Sasha reached for her phone and made a call without a second thought. 
“Hello?” 
Sasha couldn’t get used to it since it merely took the person on the other end of the call a few seconds to pick up the call. 
“I’m currently at Hayes Residence. Why have you sent our children to the Soprano family?” 
“They told me they wished to meet our children in person after figuring out the truth of my mother’s identity.” 
Sebastian was no longer the indifferent man he had been ever since a few days ago. She thought he was the man she was once deeply in love with again. 
Is he feeling a sense of relief after filing for divorce with me? 
Smirking, Sasha remarked, “I’m just surprised because they’re not around when I’m here to pick them. Also, my father has finally regained consciousness. I’ll bring him away to Clear for a year. What sort of plan do you have for our children?” 
She thought of sharing the things she had in mind with the man as she was reluctant to waste her time, making another call in the future. 
To her surprise, the person on the other end went dead silent when he heard her upcoming plan.
What’s wrong? Is he disgusted or something? Am I not supposed to share my upcoming plan with him just because we’re no longer related? 
When Sasha was about to hang up the call, Sebastian asked, “I don’t think it’s wise to bring them along with you since you need to take care of your father. On top of that, it’s about time for a new semester. Since you’re heading there for a year, I think it’s better for them to stay here. What do you think?” 
He had indirectly made himself clear he was against the idea of her taking their children along with her for a year. 
###Chapter 661
Chapter 661
Sasha was against the idea due to personal reasons, but she couldn’t think of anything to rebuke the man because he was right. 
In fact, his sole concern was their children’s development. Thus, his arrangements were the best for their children. 
In the end, she acknowledged with a nod and said, “Sure, I’ll leave them in your care for the time being and return to spend some time with them in the future.” 
As soon as she wrapped up the conversation, she hung up the call and thought that was the best out of the worst possible outcomes. 
Sasha and Rufus boarded the next available flight, making their way to Clear from Avenport three days before the festive seasons. 
Standing in front of the entrance of Royal Court One, Luke’s mind was all over the place due to the well- decorated villa for the upcoming joyous occasions. 
“Mr. Hayes, I think Mrs. Hayes has finally departed.” 
Sebastian, who was next to Luke, stared dead ahead of him when he heard his assistant. 
Is Mr. Hayes looking at the plane? Has he lost his mind or something? I mean, it’s pretty obvious there’s no way he’s able to ensure she’s in the plane. 
Luke felt heavy-hearted and stood next to Sebastian in silence for a long time.
Two days later, it was finally time for the fight to take place. 
Yancy took the internet by storm as soon as she revealed her trump card—the letters she had retrieved with Sasha’s aid. 
Seriously? The late director of Hayes Corporation was a playboy when he was young! I can’t believe he had tried to get his hands on a minor! 
Oh, God! This is definitely the news of the day! 
What is it about? 
Within a few hours, the photos made it to the internet. The netizens expressed their disbelief and continued sharing the photos with their friends and families. 
The topic became the talk of the town due to the convenience of communication enabled through the advancement of technologies. 
By the time Luke heard of the scandal, it had topped the trending chart. The journalists had been bombarding the company with all sorts of follow-up questions. 
She’s such a shameless b*tch! 
Luke kept a copy of the photos and rushed his way to Sebastian’s office. He announced, “Mr. Hayes, those were the letters they had been writing one another back in the day.” 
He showed Sebastian the photos, but Sebastian was relatively calm. In fact, he had been pretty calm ever since a few days ago when he was aware of the things awaiting him, including Eric’s plan to assert dominance over the corporate players in the city and the plan of those from Jetroina to take him out. 
Although others had taken the fight to him, he couldn’t care less and announced in a hushed voice upon a simple glimpse at the photos, “These don’t belong to him.”
“What?” Luke was confused and had a hard time fathoming the things Sebastian brought up a few seconds ago. 
What does he mean these don’t belong to him? Also, who are we talking about? 
“Mr. Hayes, are you indicating these aren’t the things Mrs. Hayes has smuggled from Mr. Hayes Sr’s room?” 
“Yes.” 
“H-Huh? If that’s the case—” 
“Sasha was no fool—there was no way she would hand these to Yancy since she could easily figure out the things awaiting us if those were truly the letters Dad had written Yancy.” 
The man was certain the letters in the photos weren’t the ones Sasha had handed over to Yancy. 
He was spot on since Yancy was the one confessing the sort of affection she had for Frederick in a lustful manner. 
Therefore, Sasha wasn’t against the idea of returning those to Yancy since she thought Yancy was the one who would stand something to lose. 
To be precise, she might easily tarnish her image if those were to make it to the internet without her consent. 
If that’s the case, what has gone wrong with the letters? Why are these different from the ones Mrs. Hayes has handed over to Yancy? 
The confused Luke looked at the almighty president of Hayes Corporation. A few seconds later, Sebastian remarked, “It’s the papers doing the tricks. The initial content can be easily altered through a
special method, leaving the altered content behind.” 
Sebastian showed him the suspicious part of the letters and exposed Yancy’s dirty little tricks in front of Luke. 
Luke started burning with rage and felt a strong urge to confront the vicious woman in person. 
Seconds after he retrieved his phone, Sebastian stopped him and asked, “What do you think you’re doing?” 
Irked, Luke said, “I’ll go teach her a lesson and stop her from accusing your father! Otherwise, she’s going to tarnish the late Mr. Hayes Sr’s image! On top of that, it’s over for Hayes Corporation!” 
Slouching against the chair, the calm and collected Sebastian asked nonchalantly, “Why are you in such a hurry when the best is about to begin?” 
He had his eyes glued on the stack of documents on his table shortly after he finished his rhetorical questions. 
Seriously? What are we waiting for when they have taken the fight to us? 
As confused as Luke might be, he knew he needed to have faith in Sebastian. Thus, he stopped trying anything rash and continued observing the progress of the incidents. 
Shortly after the photos made it to the internet, a famous influencer with millions of followers hopped on the bandwagon. 
###Chapter 662
Chapter 662
He attached the photos of a parcel as well as the photo that seemed to have been around for decades. 
Holy moly! What is this again? 
Is this some sort of big expose? 
The netizens gathered around immediately after they found out the existence of the influencer. 
The Truth Of The Mysterious Incident Two Decades Ago! 
The so-called influencer included the description for the mysterious items and took the netizens by surprise when he included the identity of a woman with the surname of Young. 
Who’s this Ms. Young he’s talking about? 
Although the youngsters might not be aware of the identity of the woman, those around Rufus and Jackson’s age were well aware of the woman’s identity. 
Ms. Young? Is he talking about one of the renowned heiresses of Avenport two decades ago? 
It rings a bell! Are we talking about the homewrecker who ends up being an outcast of the Young family after the scandal? 
Yes! I have heard rumors of the man abandoning her as well! 
A few boomers were surfing the internet. Immediately after they found out the scandals had something to do with Yancy, they recalled the incident that had occurred decades ago.
Thus, the name of Frederick and Yancy made it to the headline shortly after the big expose of the influencer. 
It was then Yancy’s name finally showed up in front of others after two decades. 
That was merely the first step of the vicious woman’s plan. All along the years, she had always wanted to do something to prove herself innocent. 
The netizens went berserk when they saw the content of the so-called letters Frederick had written Yancy. They started reprimanding him for being a shameless man. 
Luke was on the verge of losing his cool as he couldn’t stand others ridiculing the late Frederick anymore. 
“I can’t take it anymore! It’s time to teach her a lesson!” 
Muttering to himself, the enraged man started returning the favor and picked on the keyboard warrior by replying to their comments. 
He tried to explain those were merely the papers doing the tricks, but the keyboard warriors seemed to have been anticipating him. 
As soon as he tried to defend the late Frederick, he became the center of the keyboard warriors’ witch hunt. 
Some of them started going after him and his IP address. In the end, they successfully located the person behind the defensive comment and found out he was affiliated with Hayes Corporation. 
Damn it! Things have just escalated real quick over there! 
Luke was utterly dumbfounded. As infuriated as he might be, he knew he couldn’t keep that from Sebastian anymore.
The moment he made it into Sebastian’s office, he found out Sebastian had departed and was on his way to the customer’s office. 
In short, Sebastian would be away for two hours. Things might have long spiraled out of control by the time he returned to his office. 
Luke’s speculation was spot on—things had long spiral out of control by the time Sebastian returned to his office. 
On top of the persistent netizens, the entire building had been surrounded by countless curious journalists. 
Sebastian couldn’t even make his way back to his office had failed to make his way back through the back entrance too after being notified of the journalists’ presence. 
Horrified by the consequences of his actions, the startled Luke stammered the moment he saw Sebastian, “M-Mr. Hayes, I—” 
To his surprise, Sebastian was relatively calm as if he couldn’t be bothered by the comments of the netizens at all. 
“What’s with that aggrieved look? Well, she’s just trying to leverage her relationship with my late father for her personal gain. Stop getting worked up over something trivial.” 
“H-Huh?” After pausing for a few seconds, Luke asked, “Am I not supposed to be anxious when she has exposed the sort of relationship—” 
Luke was afraid the woman would come after Sebastian, who wasn’t related to the Hayes at all, as soon as she shared the sort of relationship her son had with the rest. 
After all, he would have to get rid of Sebastian to ensure her son could inherit the assets of the Hayes.
Luke glared at Sebastian in the eyes, but Sebastian assured him in a callous tone, “Just let her make a scene out of it if that’s the case.” 
“B-But—” 
“Have you nothing else on your schedule? If there’s nothing else, why don’t you go ahead and call it a day?” 
Instead of getting worked up due to the ongoing scandals, Sebastian’s assistant had gotten on his nerves for bringing up the same issue over and over again. 
In the end, Luke had no choice but to leave Sebastian alone. 
What is he trying to do? Isn’t he aware he’s going to bring upon his own undoing? 
Apart from Luke, the staff of the company was on pins and needles due to the ongoing scandals. 
To make things worse, the president had never once addressed their concerns and the issues. Within a few hours, the part where Yancy had to brace herself through others’ humiliation and give birth to Solomon made it to the headline. 
Yancy included the part Frederick dismissed him when they needed her the most. Instead of taking care of his biological son, Frederick took care of his sister-in-law’s son and acknowledged him as his son. 
Once again, the scandal took the public by surprise since no one could foresee the truth of the series of incidents. 
Most importantly, it had something to do with the almighty Hayes Corporation. 
###Chapter 663
Chapter 663
What the heck is wrong with the late Mr. Hayes? I can’t believe he had a thing for his sister-in-law! It turns out the so-called mistress was never the one at fault! 
What on earth is going on with this family? Are they even in their right mind? 
Hayes Corporation’s shares plunged due to the scandals. The journalists couldn’t resist the urge to break into the building and ended up blocking the entrance of the company. 
“M-Mr. Hayes—” 
As much as Luke was against the idea of approaching Sebastian, he had to brace himself since a few shareholders of the company was there. 
Sebastian glanced at him and switched off his laptop before asking Luke to show the shareholders the way to his office. 
“Mr. Hayes, what’s going on with the scandals? Are you not going to stop the woman? Don’t you think it’s time to ensure everything is under control?” 
“He’s right, Mr. Hayes!” 
The ones urging Sebastian to do something were none other than Peter and his party who had helped Sebastian regain ownership over Hayes Corporation in times of emergencies. 
In other words, they had never once doubted Sebastian and reprimanded the ones spreading baseless accusations against him and his family.
Nonetheless, Sebastian shook his head and showed them the way to the couch in his office upon a simple glimpse at the watch on his wrist. 
“All of you need to stay calm because I’m trying to lure the mastermind out of hiding.” 
The shareholders’ confusion was written all over their faces. They asked, “The mastermind?” 
Sebastian nodded and started puffing at the cigarette. He said, “I have to take out the mastermind before handing over the company to the rest of you. Otherwise, I’m afraid she’s going to try something silly.” 
“Huh?” 
The confused bunch got increasingly confused due to Sebastian’s remarks, but Sebastian went dead silent and started scrolling through his phone. 
It wasn’t much of a surprise for Sebastian to become the target of the netizens’ upcoming witch hunt since Yancy had accused Frederick of having an affair with his sister-in-law. 
All of a sudden, everyone had their eyes on Sebastian and considered him the illegitimate son of the Hayes. 
Subsequently, Sebastian, who had always been a public figure, became the talk of the town. 
Great! It’s about time! 
Sebastian cast his phone aside and instructed Luke to serve their guests a few glasses of tea. 
Luke and the shareholders were at a loss for words. They couldn’t fathom the reason Sebastian was relatively at ease, but they had to play along with the man. 
After a few cups of tea, Luke couldn’t keep his curiosity in check anymore. He retrieved his phone and found out Sebastian was no longer the talk of the town.
“W-What’s—” 
He stammered and piqued the curiosity of the shareholders. They ended up checking their phones as well. 
Sebastian remained calm throughout the session, but those around him were surprised by the drastic turn of events within a few hours. 
The officials of the social media announced they had terminated the account of the so-called influencer for accusing others. 
On top of that, the spokesperson of the police mentioned they had taken those in charge into custody. 
The footage of the letters being drenched in some mysterious-looking solution took the netizens by surprise again. 
The content of the letters was no longer the same once they retrieved the letters from the mysterious- looking solution. 
Those were no longer written by a man. Instead, those were lustful confessions from a woman to a man. 
Sir? What the heck? How dare she address him in such an intimate manner? 
Is this the freaking truth of the entire saga? 
Oh, God! Isn’t this the technique to alter the content of the letter? I think the mysterious-looking solution is the key to the initial content! In other words, Ms. Young has been playing the victim when she’s the mastermind! 
If that’s the case, is she still alive or what?
At the same time, the news of a foreign woman being taken into custody by the police of Lostaria in Jetroina made it to the headlines of the international news channel. 
“According to the spokesperson of the police from Jetroina, Keiko, who’s better known as Yancy, is the mastermind behind the series of incidents. As a member of Sinch Enterprise, she was also involved in the conflict between Sinch Enterprise and Hayes Corporation quite some time ago. In other words, this is one of her attempts to get her revenge against Hayes Corporation. The police have taken her into custody after gathering the evidence to prove her guilty.” 
The so-called scandals were brought to an abrupt halt because of a video that lasted for a little less than a minute. 
The police from Jetroina showed the journalists the rest of the so-called letters prior to taking those away with them as evidence for Yancy’s trial. 
The contents of those letters had yet to be altered by Yancy. Thus, once those made it to the headlines, it took the public, including the ones in Sebastian’s office, by surprise. 
“Mr. Hayes, it turns out you have all sorts of countermeasure in place, huh? I can’t believe you have acquired the aid of the police from Jetroina and the international journalists! You’re awesome!” 
“He’s right, Mr. Hayes! I’m impressed! You have done a magnificent job!” 
Those in Sebastian’s office showed him a huge thumbs up. Instead of taking the credits, Sebastian responded with a smile and took another sip of tea. 
###Chapter 664
Chapter 664
As a matter of fact, Sebastian wasn’t the one pulling the strings when he was merely the president of Hayes Corporation. 
It would be impossible for him to assert influence over the police from Jetroina and the international journalists within such a short span of time. 
In other words, the only one capable of asserting influences over so many parties at the same time was the Jadesons. 
Yancy had successfully gotten on their nerves with her vicious plan. In an attempt to gain ownership over Hayes Corporation, she thought of a series of things to force Sebastian into submission. 
Unfortunately, she had brought the fight to the wrong party because even though she was aware Sebastian was a member of the Jadesons, she had tried to paint the picture differently. 
In an attempt to mislead others into perceiving Sebastian as the illegitimate son of Frieda and Frederick, she had successfully irked the Jadesons. 
The almighty Jadesons, the family superior to the rest of the families due to their influence in the army, would never allow others to pick on their successor even though Shin was merely an outcast of the family. 
As much as they were against the idea of acknowledging Sebastian, they would never allow others to pick on him. 
Aware of the plan of the Jadesons, Sebastian had long made up his mind to let them take care of the nuisances on his behalf. 
He thought it wasn’t a bad idea to take out Yancy with others’ aid. 
Shortly after he finished his cup of tea and showed the shareholders the way out of his office, the one behind the scenes showed up in front of him. 
Infuriated by the truth, Eric glared at Sebastian and yelled, “It turns out you’re Frieda’s son!” 
Sebastian sneered and asked with a scowl, “Yes! What’s the matter? Is that a big deal or something?” 
Eric couldn’t stand Sebastian’s contemptuous look anymore. Unable to contain the strong murderous intent to himself, he asked, “If that’s the case, why have you mentioned nothing about it? Have you a death wish or something? Why have you taken out my comrades?” 
The infuriated man response was the epitome of the Jadesons’ response. Sebastian’s father was the Jadesons’ sole successor back in the day. 
The father of the man in front of him was nothing more than a leader of a branch family, but the man had the guts to challenge the heir of the legitimate successor of the family. 
Sebastian chuckled and puffed at the cigarette, asking with a scowl, “What? Are you going to do me a favor and take me out if I have a death wish?” 
Eric was at a loss for words because those were precisely the things he had in mind. In fact, the urge to take out the man in front of him was written all over his scrunched-up face. 
He warned Sebastian, “If you don’t wish to die a miserable death, you better bring along your mother’s corpse and follow me to the Jadesons’ Residence!”
Sneering, Sebastian asked in a sarcastic manner, “Since you’re aware we’re biologically related, why do you want my mother’s corpse? Am I supposed to hand her corpse over to the old geezer and allow him to take things out on a deceased?” 
“Sebastian!” Unable to suppress his wrath anymore, Eric reached for his gun and took aim at Sebastian. 
“I’m warning you to stop challenging us unless you truly wish to make an express trip to hell! Since they have sent me to take you home with me, it means they’re still trying to do you a favor!” 
Am I supposed to consider myself lucky because I’ll get to live as long as I grovel myself at his mercy and make my way back to the Jadesons with him? Is he indicating I need to express my gratitude over their courtesy? 
Seconds after Sebastian burst out laughing, he brought himself to an abrupt halt and glared at the man in the eyes, indicating he was ready to take Eric out without a second thought. 
“Sure! I’ll follow you!” 
“Huh?” 
Sebastian’s reply took Eric by surprise as Sebastian had changed his mind in split seconds when he was still pretty arrogant a few seconds ago. 
At the same time, Sebastian sprang up from the couch and snatched Eric’s gun away from him. 
A loud crack could be heard as Sebastian broke Eric’s arm without any hesitation. After being in the army for more than a decade, Eric couldn’t believe someone was actually a match for him in terms of combat skills. 
“On one condition—I’ll return with your corpse instead of my mother’s!”
Sebastian took aim at Eric with a vicious grin. Overwhelmed by angst, it seemed as if he was about to pull the trigger at any time because he was aware the man in front of him had taken his mother out. 
Eric’s face turned pale and haggard. He warned Sebastian, “You better not try anything reckless! If you kill me, the Jadesons will never let you off the hook!” 
“Huh? Are you indicating they’re going to let me off the hook if I don’t kill you? I mean, you don’t think I’m going to fall for your promises when you have always intended to take me out on our way back, do you?” 
Sebastian slapped Eric’s face with the gun in an attempt to provoke the almighty member of the Jadesons. 
Unable to withstand the humiliation, Eric tried to break free from Sebastian. 
Unfortunately, the man Eric deemed just another corporate player launched a powerful strike in his direction and sent him flying to the ground with a punch. 
“Argh!” 
Consequently, Eric shrieked in pain and puked a mouthful of blood. 
“It turns out the Jadesons’ presence is the reason my father has always wanted me to practice martial art ever since I was young! He must have foreseen likes of you coming after me!” 
Stepping on the heavily injured man’s shoulders, Sebastian took aim at the defenseless man’s back. 
Truth be told, he had been having nightmares all this while because he would recall the last moment of his mother prior to passing on in his arms as soon as he tried to close his eyes. 
She had passed on after sustaining a serious injury due to the bullet fired at her spinal cord. As much as it might hurt, she braced herself through the racking sensation and muttered, “S-Sebby, it’s fine! I-I’m just
joining your father!” 
At the last moment of her life, she had finally regained consciousness. However, he had never once acknowledged her as his mother. 
No longer could Sebastian withstand the heart-wrenching sensation torturing him anymore. He took aim at the defenseless man’s spinal cord and pulled the trigger as much as the man begged for mercy. 
###Chapter 665
Chapter 665
On the other hand, Sasha, who had long made her way to Clear, finally figured out the series of incidents after spending a week at the hospital. 
She had to help out at the hospital since her colleagues were aware she was back after dropping by the hospital to check his father into the ward. 
Thus, she had no time for the internet until Willow showed up at her place for dinner together during their day off. 
“Nancy, have you seen the news? Are you aware your ex-spouse was in quite a nasty situation a few days ago?” 
Sasha, who had just served the dishes for dinner, repeated Willow’s question when she heard her friend, “What?” 
It had been two years ever since she last heard someone addressing Sebastian in such a manner. She just couldn’t get used to it yet. 
Willow showed the confused Sasha her phone and said, “A woman from Jetroina had been mocking your husband and mentioned he was the illegitimate child of the Hayes. Currently, she has been taken into custody by the police.” 
Sasha lost herself in a train of thought while her friend continued gulping down the dishes served. 
She finally linked the missing pieces of puzzles together and snatched her friend’s phone away from her.
“Why are you in such a hurry? Are you afraid I’m going to take the phone away for you or what? Can you do me a favor and take care of my newly purchased phone over there?” 
Sasha paid no heed to her friend and started perusing the content of the news. 
She couldn’t believe so many things had occurred for Hayes Corporation within the span of a week. 
Yancy! It’s that vicious woman again! 
Shortly after she figured out the timeline of the series of incidents, she started panting heavily as she couldn’t believe Yancy had been making use of her to bring upon others’ undoing again. 
She was glad the authorities had clarified that the Hayes had nothing to do with the scandals. Those were nothing more than baseless accusations, and the one stirring things up had been taken into custody as well. 
Well, I’m just glad things turn out just fine for the accused ones! Otherwise, I’m going to feel guilty because I was the one who had gotten her the letters! 
Sasha returned Willow her phone and asked, “What’s with this new phone of yours? Is it a gift from your fan or something?” 
Willow rolled her eyes and asked sarcastically, “Hello? Are you trying to pull my leg when you’re the one who has all sorts of luxurious gifts from different men?” 
Her friend had no intention to play along with her. Instead, she headed into the kitchen to wash her hands. 
Seconds after she returned, Sasha said, “What’s so great about wealthy men? Aren’t you aware I’m just a divorcée?”
“What about it? I’m pretty sure you can easily get yourself another man if you’re keen to get into another relationship! A colleague of ours thought of dropping by to visit you when he found out you were back!” 
Willow inched over and made fun of Sasha, indicating she was jealous of Sasha’s look and luck in terms of relationships with men. 
She just couldn’t think of the reason she was never involved in a serious relationship with a man. 
Sasha had no intention to carry on with the conversation. She handed her friend a piece of note and urged, “You need to hold on to this and make sure you don’t lose it anymore! Otherwise, I’m going to teach you a lesson for nagging in front of me!” 
Willow was confused for a few seconds. As soon as she returned to her senses and found out it was someone’s contact number, she started jumping for joy. 
“You don’t have to worry because there’s no way I’m losing it again!” She stuffed the paper with Brandon’s contact number into her pocket. 
Over the past two years, Sasha had been keeping in touch with him. However, he couldn’t make his way back due to the ongoing issues of the Emmanuels and the Hayes. 
She thought it wouldn’t be such a bad idea to do her friend a favor since Willow was head over heels in love with Brandon. 
In the end, they had a great night catching up with one another over a meal. 
Sasha brought the meal she had set aside for her father to the hospital to keep him company for the night. 
As soon as Sasha reached the ward and saw Rufus pacing back and forth in the corridor, her heart skipped a beat.
She rushed to her father’s side and reprimanded, “Dad, what are you doing here when you’re supposed to be taking a nap? You can’t leave the ward without anyone around you! It’s dangerous!” 
“I’m fine! After spending so many days in bed, it’s about time for me to take a walk to ease up the pent- up tension! Speaking of which, when will I be discharged?” 
Her father assured her it was not a big deal when he caught her getting worked up again. 
In the end, Sasha brought her father back to the ward because she knew it would take a long time for those affected to get rid of the toxin in their system. 
When she recalled the vicious woman was the one behind her father’s current misery, she started gritting her teeth in angst again. 
After showing her father the way back to the ward, she served him his meal and took a seat next to him. 
“Sasha, have you gotten in touch with Sebastian or not? Have you heard of the things going on with his company? Aren’t you supposed to keep him company?” 
“H-Huh?” Sasha was about to serve his father some fruits for a balanced diet, but she almost ended up skinning her thumb due to her father’s question. 
###Chapter 666
Chapter 666
She never had the chance to tell him they had filed for divorce because she was afraid of sharing the news with him. 
After all, he might not be able to take the bad news when he wasn’t even in his prime in terms of health. 
“He told me to take it easy since he had everything under control. Well, it’s just one of Yancy’s attempts to mess with him. The police from Jetroina had long taken her into custody. Therefore, you don’t have to worry as well.” 
Rufus heaved a sigh of relief once he found out his so-called son-in-law was fine. Little did he know his daughter had been lying to him by repeating the information she acquired in the evening. 
“I’m just glad things turn out fine for him! I can’t believe she’s such a vicious woman! She was nothing similar to her current self when she was affiliated with your mother back in the day!” 
He got increasingly irked the moment he brought up Yancy in front of Sasha. 
Sasha smirked and said, “It’s not much of a surprise for you and Mom to fall for her tricks when she could even trick Sebastian’s late father back into dancing to her tune back in the day.” 
Unwilling to carry on with the conversation, Rufus started savoring the plate of fruits Sasha had served him. 
It was then Sasha thought of getting her father a pail of water to wipe his body clean. 
Out of the blue, Rufus asked, “Since she had thought of exposing Sebastian and Frederick’s relationship, did she mention anything about Frieda?”
Sasha, who was in the bathroom, answered without giving it much of a thought, “She did accuse Mr. Hayes of having an affair with Sebastian’s biological mother. Why?” 
“If that’s the case, she’s in deep trouble because Frieda is Shin’s wife! If the Jadesons is aware Yancy has been trying something silly against Sebastian—” 
Bam! 
Sasha dropped the pail of water when she heard her father. 
Why have I not thought of this? We’re not the only ones aware of Sebastian’s actual identity! 
His so-called father was never involved in an affair with his biological mother because she was pregnant with him when Mr. Hayes took her in! 
The Jadesons will never forgive the ones accusing the successor of the family! 
After linking the missing pieces of puzzles together, Sasha’s mind went completely blank. She felt a chill running down her spine and lost herself in a train of thought. 
“Sasha? Sasha, are you okay?” 
Rufus knew something was wrong with his daughter. Thus, he got out of bed and rushed in the direction of the bathroom. 
It was then Sasha rushed out of the bathroom and mentioned, “D-Dad, I have something to tend to! Why don’t you go ahead and finish your meal without me?” 
Her face had turned pale and haggard in a matter of seconds. She couldn’t even remain calm anymore as much as she was afraid of startling her father.
Rufus glanced at her and knew she had something else in mind even though he wasn’t sure of her concerns. 
Nonetheless, he could vividly feel her anxiousness and the feeling of unease bothering her. 
“Well, just get going and take good care of yourself.” 
“Alright, Dad!” 
Sasha catapulted in the direction of the entrance and started blaming herself for neglecting the vital piece of information as soon as she finished her sentence. 
If the Jadesons are aware Sebastian’s Frieda’s son, there’s a huge probability they have reached him! What’s going to happen to him if that’s the case? 
Are they going to kill him or force him into submission and bring him away against his will? 
She accelerated her car and whizzed through the bustling streets in fear of the things awaiting the man she once held dear in mind. 
In spite of being hurt at the last moment of their relationship, she couldn’t help but feel concerned when she heard the bad news. 
As soon as she made it home, she reached for her phone in an attempt to reach the man. 
“Hello?” 
“The number you have dialed is unavailable—” 
Colors drained from Sasha’s face when she heard the default message of the system as her call couldn’t get through to the man.
Has he freaking blocked me? He’s such a heartless man! It has merely been a few days after our divorce! On top of that, he has never once expressed his concerns over me! 
Sasha started burning with rage and got in touch with another person she had in mind. 
The person on the other end of the call picked up the call as soon as it was made. 
“Hello, Mrs. Hayes? What brings you to me out of the blue?” Luke asked in a hushed voice, indicating he was equally astonished by her call. 
The observant Sasha knew something was wrong when she heard the man. She asked, “I have just come across the news! Is everything fine on your end? I-Is he fine?” 
She stammered when she brought up Sebastian during her conversation with the man’s assistant. 
Luke shook his head and assured the woman, “You don’t have to worry, Mrs. Hayes. Mr. Hayes is doing just fine. In fact, we have just wrapped up another conference.” 
The doubtful Sasha asked, “Are you sure you’re not lying?” 
Out of nowhere, a man’s voice could be heard, asking because he was irked, “Luke, what do you think you’re doing? Have you nothing else to do? Why are you in the middle of a call?” 
Luke and Sasha were at a loss for words when they heard the man reprimanding his assistant. 
###Chapter 667
Chapter 667
As Sasha’s worriedness turned into anger, she hung up the phone right away. 
So, it turns out that I was nosy and had overthought it! 
Sebastian blocked me and even reprimanded Luke for talking to me! Why was I so stupid to think that he was in danger? 
Angst, Sasha slapped herself in the face! 
However, she was unaware that Sebastian, who just had his wounds stitched, had collapsed into his bed once the call ended. 
At that moment, he was too feeble to sit up. 
“Mr. Hayes, I—” 
“You’d—better remember what I said today. From now on, don’t answer her call!” 
Sebastian scolded Luke strenuously while sweating profusely. 
Luke immediately agreed with it with tears in his eyes. 
A few minutes later, Karl came into the room and said, “Mr. Hayes, Charles will not let us go because you killed his son Eric. He will burn this place to the ground. Also, I guess the people that Charles sent earlier were merely the first batch.” 
Karl felt sad as he gazed at Sebastian, who was too weak to look up at him.
Although Karl expected a hard battle, SteelFort’s heavy loss in three days caught him by surprise. Besides, even Sebastian was severely injured and could only lie on the bed. 
“It’s okay. It’s worthy as long as Calvin can arrive at Jadeborough.” 
Even though Sebastian was severely injured, his lips still curled into a cold smile, making Karl’s hair stand on end. 
Such an expression is terrible. 
We don’t know what Calvin took with him when he left three days ago. 
However, Sebastian looks incredibly composed for the past three days. When he killed Eric in the office, he asked us calmly to get rid of the corpse with a sack. Then, he changed his clothes upstairs and continued working till the evening. 
A man as such is terrifying, for no one can tell what is on his mind. Of course, don’t expect that he will tell us about it. 
Could it be that he instructed Calvin to go to the Jadesons’ Residence and kill the old man directly? 
My goodness! 
Karl couldn’t help but shiver once the shocking thought flashed through his mind. 
Luke asked, “What are you doing?” 
Karl took a deep breath and came to his senses. He began to think that his thought was indeed absurd and impractical. After a while, he responded slowly, “Nothing—” 
“In that case, let’s go outside so that Mr. Hayes can get some rest. Besides, I’ve to go back to the company,” Luke mumbled and left the room.
After returning to Hayes Corporation, Luke planned to meet a few old shareholders. After all, given Sebastian’s health condition, Sebastian couldn’t manage the company for a few days at least and had to rely on the shareholders’ help. 
Suddenly, Luke saw someone at the building entrance. 
“Solomon? Why are you here?” 
Luke was shocked to see Solomon, and stopped walking. At that moment, Luke felt that Solomon in glasses was different from how he usually looked as he wasn’t as energetic. 
Ever since Yancy was arrested, Luke didn’t receive any news from Jetroina about Solomon. 
As such, he thought that Solomon had been put behind bars alongside Yancy. 
“Where is Sebastian?” Solomon asked while staring at Luke with his bloodshot eyes. 
Luke burst into laughter and said, “Why must I tell you?” 
With that, he turned and left. 
“Stand right there!” Solomon reached out to grab Luke’s shoulder as if he had lost his mind. 
“Tell Sebastian that I’m not seeking revenge against him. Instead, I only hope that he can let go of my mom. If he agrees to it, I can hand over Sinch Enterprise to him!” 
Gripping Luke tightly, Solomon made an inconceivable offer that left Luke stunned. 
Is Solomon insane? Is it worthy to do so for his cold-blooded mom? Doesn’t he know that she had sold him out many times for her benefits? 
Luke couldn’t believe what he had heard but didn’t taunt Solomon for it.
Instead, he merely wriggled free from Solomon’s grip and glanced at Solomon coldly. 
“Go home. Mr. Hayes isn’t interested in Sinch Enterprise. What he wants is to avenge his father by making sure that the murderer pays.” 
With that, Luke entered the building and left Solomon. 
Solomon was rooted to the ground for a long time. 
Deep down, Solomon was aware that Yancy had no right to ask him to save her. 
Yancy always claimed that she did everything for the sake of Solomon; nonetheless, she went overboard many times and only treated Solomon as her pawn. 
###Chapter 668
Chapter 668
For instance, Yancy killed Solomon’s father and fought over Hayes Corporation by using Solomon’s name. 
After being rejected by Luke, Solomon left, dejected. 
Suddenly, Karl showed up before him and asked, “Mr. Solomon, are you looking for Mr. Hayes? Please come with me.” 
Solomon was startled for a while but got into the car with Karl. Soon, they left the city and headed toward a remote rural area. 
Two hours later, they arrived at a great expanse of wasteland. As the car entered the land, a barrier appeared out of nowhere. 
“Please say the passcode!” 
“0113!” Karl responded. 
Solomon was struck dumb when a series of numbers in 3D was shown on the barrier. A moment later, an image of a face appeared. 
“Scanning completed. Verification done. Please come in,” the system responded in a mechanic female voice. 
Bam! Suddenly, the wasteland disappeared and turned into a white entrance that rose slowly. 
Solomon couldn’t believe his eyes.
His mind was still blank when they entered the base. 
What is it? Is it some modern technology? 
What exactly is Sebastian up to in this piece of wasteland? 
Solomon had no idea where he was and why he was brought here. 
“Mr. Hayes, we’ve brought him here.” 
When Karl brought Solomon to the center of the base, Sebastian had woken up and was writing something at the table. 
However, Sebastian had to stop after writing for a while due to his injury. Covering his wound with his hands, he sweated profusely. 
That was the sight that greeted Solomon as soon as he walked into the base. 
“What happened to you? What’s wrong?” Solomon had never seen Sebastian look so disheveled and pale, as though he would collapse anytime. 
After all, Sebastian always looked a lot more imposing than Solomon whenever they encountered each other. 
So, what happened to him? 
Is he going to die? 
Solomon’s eyes suddenly glinted at the thought. 
“Rest assured that I’m not going to die yet,” Sebastian scoffed as if he could read Solomon’s mind, and Solomon’s expression turned grim immediately.
Infuriated, he asked Sebastian to hide his uneasiness, “So, what do you want? Why did you bring me here?” 
Sebastian responded mockingly, “Don’t you want to see me? Am I wrong to bring you here?” 
Solomon was rendered speechless. 
“Alright. In that case, you should’ve known why I’m looking for you. Do you agree to my offer?” 
“I don’t.” 
Much to Solomon’s surprise, Sebastian rejected his offer without hesitation. 
Solomon was infuriated by the answer; he had an emotional outburst and yelled, “Why do you bring me to this place then? Are you trying to humiliate me and enjoy the pleasure of becoming the winner?” 
As Solomon kept scolding Sebastian, Sebastian didn’t utter a word to stop him. 
After Solomon finished venting his feelings, Sebastian gazed at him and explained coldly, “I don’t agree to it, for I believe that you’re a smart guy. As such, you should choose Hayes Corporation over a woman who betrayed you many times.” 
“What did you say?” 
Solomon was stunned upon hearing Sebastian’s remark. 
“What do you mean by choosing Hayes Corporation?” 
“I mean Hayes Corporation that you’ve always coveted. Solomon, I’m now giving you a chance. Kill Yancy, and Hayes Corporation will be yours.” 
As the light cast a faint glow upon Sebastian’s face, Solomon could see his cool and aloof expression.
The next moment, Solomon jumped, for Sebastian put on a spooky smile as he spoke. 
“Are you insane?” 
Overwhelmed by shock and anger, Solomon could only come up with a few words. 
Sebastian flashed him a faint smile and replied, “She deserves to die, doesn’t she? I mean, she killed your father and abandoned you for so many years. Do you think you can stay alive if Heather and her husband didn’t raise you?” 
He stopped for a while and added, “Besides, Sabrina is your biological sister. If Devin didn’t save Sabrina in advance, do you think Yancy would let her go? Also, remember what happened to Sasha—” 
Sebastian clenched his fingers in hatred once he mentioned the name. 
Yes, Sasha was also a victim. 
A year ago, Sasha fell into Yancy’s hands because of rescuing me at the Empire State Tower. 
I had no choice but to hide Sasha on a deserted island so that Yancy couldn’t harm her. Moreover, to make sure that she would stay on the island, I even had to give her a drug injection, and thus she lost her eyesight. 
Has he thought about all these? 
Solomon shivered once Sebastian finished reproaching Yancy. 
###Chapter 669
Chapter 669
When Sebastian brought up what Yancy did, a pained expression flashed across Solomon’s face. 
Pained, Solomon wailed, “Please stop. Please—” 
Nonetheless, it didn’t mean that things that had happened could be undone merely because no one talked about them. 
“Indeed, the videotape showed that my dad wanted to transfer the shares to you willingly. However, Yancy killed him as soon as he signed it. Did he do anything wrong to deserve such a punishment?” 
Sebastian paused for a while and added, “Was he wrong because he didn’t know you’re his son? Even though he knew that he could lose his life, he was willing to be manipulated and hand over everything to you.” 
Sebastian chocked on his words occasionally, his eyes reddened. 
Although Sebastian wasn’t an emotional man, sorrow and hatred surrounded him as he recalled the past. 
Besides, Sebastian remembered that he used to be a jerk like Solomon in the past. 
Meanwhile, Solomon was rendered speechless. He staggered backward and collapsed into a chair behind him. 
The atmosphere fell silent, and they uttered no words but were immersed in mixed emotions. Also, they recalled many things they did, be it good or bad; forgivable or unforgivable.
“I can’t kill her.” 
“Well, allow me to help you.” 
The pin-drop silence resumed for a while until they heard some liquid dropping on the floor. Drip! Drop! 
Moreover, a pungent stench of blood slowly filled the air. 
Solomon pursed his lips and asked, “Why are you doing this now?” 
“Well, I’m not a member of the family. So, the only thing that I can do for the Hayes now is to preserve their belongings. Remember to do the same once I’ve handed them over to you.” 
Bam! 
A loud noise ensued, for Sebastian finally couldn’t hold on any longer. 
“Mr. Hayes!” 
“Hurry! Get the doctor now!” 
“Mr. Hayes—” 
Instantly, many people swarmed in and rushed toward the table. Meanwhile, Solomon was rooted to the floor and only stared blankly at the commotion. 
At that moment, it felt like a dream to Solomon. 
It was already the third day when Sasha realized that something was off. 
Simon finally met Sasha and told her that Hayes Corporation already had a new person-in-charge— Solomon. In other words, Sebastian wasn’t at the helm of the corporation anymore.
Besides, Simon persuaded Sasha to give up on Sebastian and worked with him. 
Solomon is in charge now? How is it possible? 
Sasha ignored Simon and rushed toward the hospital. 
Much to her surprise, when she searched news about Hayes Corporation on the internet, Solomon was the figure widely reported by the media. 
He always wore a suit and a pair of golden-rimmed glasses when facing the reporters. 
However, his confident smiles and graceful demeanor reflected that he was now the person in charge. 
How could this happen? What happened between them? 
As Sasha got impatient, she took out her phone. 
This time, she didn’t call Luke but Gregg from the operational department. 
“Hello, Mr. Anderson. I’m Sasha.” 
“Oh, Mrs. Hayes! Why are you calling me? It’s an honor!” 
Gregg was enthusiastic as usual when answering the call. 
However, Sasha noticed that he still called her Mrs. Hayes like before. 
Since I got a divorce, why is he still calling me Mrs. Hayes? 
Isn’t the news supposed to be announced in the company already?
As Sasha felt increasingly suspicious, she continued to dwell on it. “Yes, I’ve gone abroad recently. Mr. Anderson, can I talk to you for a minute? Why does Solomon always show up in the company recently? Where is the president?” 
“Oh, are you referring to Mr. Hayes? Well, he has handed over the company to Mr. George. Besides, he hasn’t visited the company for quite some time. I heard that he is busy dealing with another project?” 
“Another project?” Sasha was startled. “What project is he involved in?” 
Gregg shook his head and responded, “I’m not sure about it. Anyway, we haven’t seen Mr. Hayes for a long time. Mrs. Hayes, may I ask if you haven’t heard about it?” 
Sasha turned pale when Gregg asked her back. 
Well, does it mean that no one knows where Sebastian is now? 
Feeling anxious, Sasha continued to make a few long-distance calls to her maid, colleagues, and even the housemaids in the Hayes residence. 
Unfortunately, they told her the same thing—they hadn’t seen Sebastian in these few days. 
As expected, some of them, such as the housemaids and bodyguards in the Hayes residence, came up with excuses. 
However, Sasha believed that the colleagues in the company wouldn’t have to lie to her. As powerful as Sebastian could be, he wouldn’t be able to remind everyone to hide the truth. 
Therefore, Sasha could make a conclusion after asking so many people—Sebastian was missing! 
###Chapter 670
Chapter 670
Why has he gone missing? What is he trying to do? 
As her mind was in turmoil, she flung her phone away and swiftly booked a flight ticket to go home. 
Rufus didn’t stop Sasha from leaving after she explained the current situation to him. 
“Sure, go back and find out what happened. After all, I’m worried that the Jadesons will target Sebastian once they know his identity.” 
Sasha was on the brink of tears upon hearing it. 
Sasha couldn’t remember how she left the hospital and went to the airport. 
All she knew was that she took an eight-hour flight and arrived at Avenport at midnight. Then, she staggered to the Hayes Corporation as though she was sleepwalking and knocked on the entrance downstairs. 
“Sebastian, get out!” 
“Sebastian—” 
She slammed the door for a long time and screamed until her voice became hoarse. 
Finally, someone came downstairs and opened the door. Sasha looked up and saw Solomon, who wore a black suit and a pair of golden-rimmed glasses. 
At that moment, he was overlooking Sasha quietly.
Sasha was at a loss for words upon seeing him. 
The next moment, she sprang upon him as though she had gone mad and yelled, “What did you do to him? Where are you hiding him now? Give him back to me!” 
She was in hysterics and kept grabbing his collars. 
It was as if she would tear Solomon into pieces if he didn’t give Sebastian back to her. 
At that moment, Sasha finally realized how important Sebastian was in her heart, and she was willing to risk her life for him. 
Solomon’s expression turned grim under the dim lights. 
“I’m not keeping him anywhere. He left by himself.” 
“What did you say?” 
Sasha stopped screaming and stared at Solomon in disbelief. 
“What did you mean? Did he leave by himself? Where did he go?” 
“Someone from the Jadesons looked for Sebastian not long after you went abroad. After Sebastian killed him, Charles wanted to seek revenge. Rumor has it that Sebastian had killed Charles’ son. So, since the Jadesons are about to destroy the Hayes, he has brought his men to the Jadeborough. I guess he should’ve arrived by now.” 
Solomon explained calmly, as though it had nothing to do with him. 
Sasha was shocked upon hearing Solomon’s explanation. 
Feeling that the world turned topsy-turvy, Sasha collapsed and was about to fall to the ground.
“Nancy!” 
Solomon immediately reached out to help her up. 
At that juncture, Sasha raised her hand and slapped Solomon in the face as though her strength had restored suddenly. 
“Are you satisfied? You finally got what you’ve always wanted.” As Sasha questioned him, crystal clear tears rolled down her cheeks. 
Meanwhile, Solomon’s face moved to the left, while his glasses were sent flying after being slapped. However, he kept the posture and didn’t move an inch. 
Deep down, he admitted that he and Yancy did “contribute” a lot to such a situation today. 
In the end, Sasha staggered away and disappeared into the darkness. 
As the SteelFort’s bodyguard was not far from Solomon, he came out and asked, “Mr. Solomon, should we protect her?” 
“Yes, send your men to follow her. Remember to stop her from going to Jadeborough.” After giving the instructions coldly, Solomon turned around and went upstairs. 
Preventing Sasha from going to Jadeborough was Sebastian’s last request. 
However, they didn’t expect that a woman could become immensely resilient in the face of despair. 
Sasha returned to Frontier Bay that night to confirm one thing. 
“Wendy, I’d like to ask you a question. Where are Ian and the other kids?” 
“Mrs. Hayes—”
“Please tell me the truth. Since Sebastian is in trouble, I must know everything to save him. Do you understand?” Sasha questioned calmly and imposingly. 
Since it was the first time Sasha behaved so sternly toward her, the housemaid was frightened and spilled the beans. 
“I understand, Mrs. Hayes. Mr. Calvin took them away.” 
“Mr. Calvin?” 
“Yes, his name is Calvin Woods. He’s the brother of Channing Woods, who used to work for the late Mr. Hayes. Mr. Calvin never returned after he left with the three kids,” the housemaid explained. 
Sasha’s heart sank upon hearing it. 
In other words, the kids did not go to the Soprano’s residence. Instead, knowing that a bloody battle would ensue, Sebastian had sent them to somewhere safe to protect them. 
What about me? 
Back then, he always had rows with me and questioned my fidelity. In the end, I had no choice but to divorce him because he slept with Roxanne. 
“Mrs. Hayes, Mr. Hayes didn’t take the divorce agreement after you signed on it. Instead, he tore it apart as soon as you left.” 
The housemaid’s revelation dropped a bombshell. 
###Chapter 671
Chapter 671
That b*stard! Why did he do that? 
Sasha finally understood everything. Overwhelmed by rage, she grabbed whatever she could from the table and smashed them onto the floor. 
Crash! 
The loud noise that resulted shocked the housemaid. 
“Why? Why did he need to do that? Did he think that I would be grateful to him? Huh?” Devastated by the truth, her hysterical screams filled the house. 
So what if he just wants to protect me? Does he know that if something had happened to him, it would be no different from killing me? Does he want me to live in pain and suffering for the rest of my life? How can he be so selfish? 
As tears rolled down her cheeks, she looked as if she had gone mad. 
The housemaid couldn’t help but worry. “Mrs. Hayes, are you all right? Don’t be angry. Mr. Hayes did that only to protect you and the children-” 
“I don’t need that!” 
Before the maid could finish, she was abruptly interrupted by Sasha’s violent scream. 
“I don’t need him to protect me! What gives him the right?” Filled with pain, she held onto the table beside her for support. All she could feel was her heart being shattered into pieces.
It was no different from stabbing a knife into her heart and cutting through her flesh with it. 
He really doesn’t have the right. Even in the face of death, I want to be by his side. 
Solomon was at the top floor of Hayes Corporation when he heard that Sasha had given his men the slip. 
“Mr. Solomon, I’m sorry. Ms. Wand… she’s too smart. She seemed to know that we were following her. Hence, by the time she returned to Frontier Bay, we had lost track of her.” 
The bodyguard who reported the news to him lowered his head in fear. 
Suddenly, he could hear the sound of Solomon’s knuckles cracking. 
However, he didn’t let his temper flare. After a brief silence, he instructed, “She must have gone to Jadeborough. Check all the routes and find her before she arrives!” 
“Yes, Mr. Solomon!” 
The bodyguards went off at once. 
Given how good Sasha was at escaping, there was no way of keeping tabs on her. From the time she feigned death with her children until she returned to the country, she had already given Sebastian the slip many times. 
Sebastian was infuriated under those circumstances. Hence, there was no reason why Solomon wouldn’t be. 
Solomon hardly slept the night. Standing by the window with his fists tightly clenched, he pursed his lips as he watched the light slowly piercing through the horizon.
Meanwhile, in a small town thirty kilometers away, Sasha arrived on a motorcycle from Avenport and bought a bus ticket to Marsingfill. 
She was extremely smart. Knowing that she was being followed, she knew she couldn’t depart directly from Avenport which was a big city. Instead, she borrowed the housemaid’s motorcycle and rode it to the small town where there were hardly any cars or even large vehicles. 
Even the bus she chose would travel on trunk roads instead of the highway. 
Therefore, it was the perfect plan. 
“Miss, where are you going? Aren’t you cold in your thin outfit?” 
“Huh?” 
Just when she took a seat and stared blankly out the window, Sasha turned around when she heard someone speaking to her. 
It was a lady who is in her forties. Dressed in a puffy jacket, she emitted an oily and smoky stench the moment she came up the bus. 
“I don’t feel cold as I’m wearing wool underneath.” Sasha was a well-mannered person. Even though the lady stunk, she didn’t display any disdain toward her. 
Instead, she leaned back into her chair and turned her attention back out the window. 
However, the lady chuckled. “Who are you kidding? The two layers you have on are definitely not enough. Miss, you had better not catch a cold. Besides, where are you going in this ungodly weather? It’s even colder up north.” 
Sasha was speechless.
Despite the urge to ignore the lady, she subconsciously pulled her thin jacket together. 
Her clothes were indeed too thin. When she rushed out the night before, she was consumed by emotions and forgot to put on a thicker jacket. 
Suddenly, the lady took out a jacket for a high school girl from her bag. “Put this over yourself. It’s my daughter’s. She goes to school here, and I came to switch this with a thicker jacket for her.” 
Sasha’s first response was to reject it. However, the lady had already covered her shoulders with the jacket. 
Fine. I’ll just return it to her before I get off. 
Holding that thought, Sasha reluctantly accepted her kind gesture. Before she knew it, she slowly drifted to sleep by the window after having stayed up all night. 
###Chapter 672
Chapter 672
By the time she awoke, the bus had reached its station. 
The lady was also nowhere to be found. 
“Miss, where are you going? We have reached our destination. Do you need a taxi?” 
Given that she was in a high school uniform and looked like a young girl with baby fat on her cheeks, the bus driver assumed that she was a student. 
Having just awoken, Sasha quickly sat up. 
“Mister, is there any place I can rent a car here?” 
“What?” The driver was stunned. “Rent a car? Do you mean a taxi?” 
“No, I meant renting one that I can drive. The higher the horsepower the better. In fact, a sports car would be great.” 
Checking her watch, Sasha realized it was already eight. By then, she had grown extremely anxious. 
However, the driver was stunned. 
A sports car? Is this girl babbling nonsense? How can a high school girl drive? Is she still dreaming? 
Just when the driver wanted to respond, a black SUV arrived at the bus station. When he turned to look, Sasha’s eyes lit up and dashed toward it before he even knew what was happening. 
That looks like a Land Rover!
In the end, Sasha drove away from Marsingfill in that Land Rover. 
The journey from Marsingfill to Jadeborough was long. But with the Land Rover, she could quickly reach the next city with an airport from where she could take a flight. 
After mentally calculating the time, she figured she could reach there by three in the afternoon. 
Sebastian, when I arrive, I will give you a piece of my mind! 
At Heron Hill, Jadeborough… 
Although the Jadesons sat on the pinnacle of power in the capital, they maintained a low profile. Hence, they chose to stay on top of a hill away from the bustling city. 
After Jonathan Jadeson had retired, the entire residence slowly became quiet and peaceful. 
Nevertheless, everyone knew that heading to Heron Hill was more terrifying than going to the White House. 
The White House was the president’s residence. 
Early in the morning, Fabian Kennedy arrived at the summit of Heron Hill. He had received urgent news and came to report it to Jonathan. 
However, the moment he entered… 
“Who is it? You are forbidden from entering without permission!” Suddenly, a black-clad man emerged and stopped Fabian at gunpoint. 
Fabian’s turned pale at once.
“It… it’s me, Fabian. Do you still remember me? Let me in quickly, I have an urgent matter to see Old Mr. Jadeson.” Pointing at his own ugly-looking face, he shifted around to give the man in black a better look. 
Fabian Kennedy? 
The secretary-general? 
The man’s face flashed with disdain but he stepped aside to let Fabian pass. 
Half an hour later, Fabian climbed up the summit panting like a dog. When he saw an old man who had his trousers rolled up and working with a hoe, Fabian almost burst into tears. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, I… I have finally found you. Old Mr. Jadeson…” Fabian lamented as he stumbled forward. 
The white-haired man was the renowned general, Jonathan Jadeson, who was feared by all his enemies. 
However, he was now retired and did simple farming to pass time. 
“Step aside. You’re standing on the soil that I have just loosened.” 
Jonathan glared at Fabian when he stepped onto the ground which he had just worked on. After that, he continued working the soil with his hoe. 
Fabian moved aside at once. 
“I’m sorry, Old Mr. Jadeson. But I have something important to report. Do you know that there was a theft at the White House yesterday?” 
“What?”
Jonathan raised his gaze when he heard the shocking news. 
A theft at the White House? Is he kidding? Does he know what the White House is? That’s where the nation’s leader resides and has the tightest security systems. And now, he is telling me that there has been a theft? 
“No, Old Mr. Jadeson. Listen to me. I’m telling the truth. The thief evaded all security systems and entered the president’s office. Luckily, the president wasn’t in there at that time. Or else, I can’t imagine what could’ve happened.” 
Fabian shuddered when he related the news to Jonathan. 
The hoe in Jonathan’s hand stopped moving. 
Straightening his posture, his eyes flashed with an eagle-like glint despite having a head full of white hair. 
“And then?” 
“Then… then, we mobilized everyone to capture him. However, he managed to escape but left this behind.” 
With a pale expression, Fabian gulped before handing the item over to Jonathan hesitantly. 
After glaring at him, Jonathan snatched the item away. 
###Chapter 673
Chapter 673
It turned out to be a USB drive. 
With a metal chain attached, it was made to look like a keychain. However, Jonathan quickly saw through its secret. With a flick of his finger, a USB connector appeared. 
“This… this is…” 
“Hmph!” 
Snorting, Jonathan returned to his house with the USB drive in hand. 
He felt that it might be a political foe attempting to send a poison-pen letter anonymously. 
After all, it wasn’t the first time something of that sort happened. 
Therefore, when Jonathan slot the USB drive into his computer, Fabian didn’t mind it at all. 
Soon, the contents of the drive showed up on the screen. When Jonathan saw that the Jadesons were listed in it, he froze. It even included how they misused their authority for their own interest. Furthermore, it accused them of using their power to destroy innocent families. 
Jonathan’s expression was animated as he went through the contents. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, are you done?” 
Fabian couldn’t help but ask from outside as he too was interested to take a look.
However, what happened next shocked him. Not only did Jonathan not allow him to enter, but a loud bang was also heard and a bullet came flying out. 
Coincidentally, the coffee cup he had beside him was blasted into pieces. 
“Ah!” 
Fabian was scared out of his wits. 
Holy cow! This must be something serious. When was the last time the old man pulled out a gun? 
By the time Sebastian received news that Calvin had failed, he had holed up in Havenhall for the last two days. 
“Mr. Hayes, now that Calvin has failed, what are we going to do next? Tristan knows that we are in Jadeborough and is searching all the entertainment centers. I’m afraid he will find us sooner or later.” 
When Karl heard the news, he began to worry. 
However, Sebastian was in a sea of calm. Lighting a cigarette in nonchalance, he took a puff before asking, “Where’s Calvin? Is he all right?” 
“He’s fine. All he has was some scrapes. However, he didn’t manage to hand it to the president. I’m worried-” 
“Didn’t you say Calvin dropped the package in the White House? What are you worried about then? Someone would pick it up, wouldn’t they? Or perhaps, Alfred White isn’t as capable as these people.” 
Sebastian laughed. 
Under the dim lights of the private room, Sebastian’s insidious smile made him look like a madman.
Alfred was the current president. 
Hence, Karl fell a chill down his spine. 
By dragging the Jadesons along with him to his grave, he has really gone crazy. 
The truth was, Sebastian had already done it. Soon, there would be a shift in the powers in Jadeborough. 
Without adding another word, Karl left the room. He planned to beef up security so that they would have enough men to fend off any attacks. 
However, the moment he went out a large group of men in black barged in. They did not have any insignia on them. As their mission was to kill, it didn’t make sense for them to dress in a way that would reveal their identity. 
“Search the place! I don’t care you if you have to turn it upside down, just find that bast*rd!” 
“Yes!” 
The next moment, the extravagant atmosphere of the nightclub was turned into hell. Screams and agonizing cries filled the building. Soon, the entire floor was covered in blood. 
Sebastian was already aware of the commotion. 
Dashing out of his private room, he pulled aside the curtain behind him to reveal a heavy machine gun. 
“Mr. Hayes, what are you doing?” 
Suddenly, a thin figure appeared and stopped Sebastian’s hand as he tried to lift the gun. 
Sebastian snapped, “Calvin, step aside!”
“No!” No one had expected Calvin to stand firm. 
“Mr. Hayes, do you know what you’re doing? Can you wipe all of them out with the weapon in your hand? Even if you kill all the men the Jadesons sent downstairs, there are many more out there. Can you kill every single one of them? In the end, the only thing you’ll lose is your own life!” 
“Isn’t it worth it? On top of the package you planted last night, I will have achieved my ive by killing all of them here.” 
Sebastian had lost all rationality in his pursuit for vengeance. At that moment, he even seemed to be gloating about it. 
Calvin trembled at the sight of him. 
When he thought of the adorable child hugging Sebastian’s leg and calling him “Daddy”, Calvin felt the urge to give Sebastian a slap. 
“Are you crazy? Do you really want to die that much? Have you forgotten about your children?” 
“What?” 
“You still have a wife or have you forgotten all about her? Did it cross your mind that she knows nothing at all? Have you thought about her feelings once she finds out about everything you did just to force her to leave? Wouldn’t she be filled with pain and regret? And what if she wants to join you in death?” 
Calvin had no qualms about uttering the last sentence. 
###Chapter 674
Chapter 674
Sebastian was stumped. 
The last sentence felt like a wake-up call to him. His face suddenly turned pale as he loosened his grip on the gun. 
He had never thought about it that way as vengeance had blinded him recently. 
Other than revenge and eliminating the Jadesons, he had not considered anything else. 
Will she die with me? Is it possible? Given how strong-headed she is, I cannot discount the possibility of that happening. 
Trembling slightly, Sebastian gradually closed his eyes. 
Calvin called out, “Mr. Hayes…” 
“I understand. Give me the car keys and tell our men to withdraw. We will regroup at the port!” Sebastian barked in darkness as if he had used up every last bit of his strength. 
Calvin was delighted by the response. 
After handing Sebastian the car keys, Calvin dashed off to find the others. 
After a brief pause, Sebastian opened the window and jumped down before disappearing from the nightclub. 
A short while later a loud explosion was heard from inside.
The raging fire lit up the entire street while the shockwave from the blast sent glass flying everywhere. 
By the time Sasha reached Jadeborough, it was already four in the afternoon. 
The sky was getting dark, and the northern city was still freezing cold. The moment she disembarked from the plane, a gloomy sight greeted her. 
Where am I to go from here? 
After leaving the airport, she stared at the city and suddenly felt lost. 
Right at that moment, she heard two tourists discussing something aloud. 
“There was an explosion at Havenhall? My God! A lot of people must have been killed.” 
“Are you sure?” 
Both of them looked shocked while scrolling through the news on their phones. 
Havenhall? What kind of place is it? 
Shifting her eyes, Sasha didn’t think too much about it. Instead, she went up to the two. “Excuse me, I’m not from around here. May I know where the Department of Defense is located?” 
Sasha had hoped to ask around about it. Given how much influence the Jadesons had over the city, they would easily know if something had happened. 
“Department of Defense?” 
The two of them were surprised at why a young lady was asking about such a place. “Why do you want to know?”
“Oh, I’m here to see my uncle, and he works there. However, I can’t get in touch with him now, so I decided to look for him instead.” 
Sasha cooked up a random excuse. 
Unexpectedly, they held up their phones replied, “You can drop the idea. He is probably too busy at the moment.” 
“Oh? Busy?” 
“Exactly. Look, this is the largest nightclub in the city. This afternoon, there was a large explosion there and a lot of people were killed. The entire city’s police force is heading over there.” 
They showed her the news on their phones. 
Sasha was shocked by what she saw. It was a magnified picture of the blast site where the carnage was terrifying. 
An explosion in the city’s biggest club? 
Her eyes shifted in thought. 
“However, it’s strange that even the army has been mobilized. Look, the ones who are looking for survivors are all soldiers.” 
Suddenly, the two youths commented while looking at their phones. 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat. 
Soldiers! He mentioned soldiers! 
Sasha had an epiphany and rushed off without even thanking the two youths.
Despite not knowing what was going on exactly, her gut told her as long as Sebastian was involved, the Jadesons would definitely be close behind. 
Furthermore, the explosion was indeed a devastating incident. 
Soon, Sasha arrived at Havenhall in a taxi. 
Just as expected, the entire street had been sealed off while fire engines lined the area. Other than firemen, there were also men in military fatigues crawling all over the place. 
At that moment, they were busy carrying black bags out of the scorched building. 
What’s in there? 
After alighting from the taxi, Sasha stepped forward to take a better look. 
“Given how many people are dead, the owner is in deep trouble.” 
“Of course. However, I wonder what happened? The blast was so massive that even the army are involved. Look at how many bodies they are carrying out. There must be at least tens of them.” 
Along the perimeter line that had been set up by the police, a crowd had gathered and were speculating about what happened. 
Only after hearing their comments did Sasha realize the soldiers were carrying body bags that contained the remains of the bomb blast victims. 
###Chapter 676
Chapter 676
However, before he could react, Sasha continued, “You don’t have to lie to me as I have found your location. Come clean with me now, or I will go straight to where you are.” 
“No, don’t!” Calvin protested with an anxious tone, revealing his breathlessness. 
Sasha was stunned. 
After a long pause, Calvin finally replied, “Mrs. Hayes, please… please don’t come over. You will only distract Mr. Hayes.” 
His words caused Sasha to tremble. 
Seized by fear, she could no longer control her emotions. She shrieked, “Why? What is he doing? Calvin, what are you hiding from me? Huh?” 
“No, Mrs. Hayes. I’m really… not hiding anything from you.” 
“You’re lying!” Sasha’s rage intensified. “I can hear the breathlessness in your voice. It’s obvious that you are injured. Calvin, don’t forget that I’m a doctor!” 
This time Calvin fell silent over the line. 
Does he think that I’m not aware of his situation? I heard with my own ears the officer telling his subordinate that Calvin was responsible for detonating the bomb at Havenhall. With thirty-three people dead, how could he have escaped unscathed? What about Sebastian? Is he all right?
Tears rolled down Sasha’s cheeks. “Calvin, I’m already in Jadeborough and have gone to the nightclub. I know what happened to the both of you.” 
Calvin was stumped. 
After a long while, a bitter and raspy voice replied, “Mrs. Hayes, don’t worry. Mr. Hayes is fine. He left before the explosion.” 
“Really?” 
“Yes. I’m not lying to you. He is meeting with Mr. Pence right now. They have an appointment and Mr. Hayes will be boarding a ship in half an hour.” 
Finally, Calvin came clean with Sasha. His words had put her mind at ease. 
She was so delighted that she shed tears of joy. 
Is he telling the truth? Is Sebastian going back? It would be wonderful if it is true. In that case, I can go home and wait for him. 
After leaving the cybercafe, Sasha planned to find a place to rest and await further news. 
However, the moment she stepped out, she heard the rotating rotors of a helicopter about her head. The entire scene made her feel as if she was in a war movie. 
Sasha was stunned by the sight. 
When she regained her senses shortly, the mind blanked out and she began to flee. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was indeed at the port waiting for Shawn.
Ever since his relationship with the Jadesons was revealed, Shawn and Jake didn’t keep in touch with him. 
However, the day Sebastian decided to come to Jadeborough, Shawn came to see him on his own accord. 
He said, “Sebastian, due to family reasons, I cannot interfere with Devin and your affairs. However, if you really want to go to Jadeborough, come see me at the port. No matter what, I’ll help you leave.” 
At that time, Sebastian didn’t take it seriously as he had no plans to leave. 
However, ever since he heard Calvin’s words, he had the sudden urge to head to the port. 
It was six in the evening at the docks. The evening sky was on its last legs while the temperature dipped drastically. Karl, who was feeling impatient, began to question, “Mr. Hayes, Mr. Pence isn’t here yet. Did he stand us up?” 
Sebastian didn’t respond. 
Sitting inside the car silently, he kept staring ahead without showing any emotion. The tired look on his face was covered by the shadows of the faint evening light. 
Karl didn’t say another word. 
Instead, he alighted from the car to take a look. If Shawn really wasn’t coming, he had to start making other plans. 
However, the moment he got out, a white Cadillac finally appeared. As the sky was growing dark rapidly, it looked like a leopard dashing toward the docks. 
The moment Shawn arrived, he unexpectedly suggested, “Sebastian, there’s no way out of the docks. Shall we go by flight?”
Karl was outraged by the proposal. “Come on, Mr. Pence. Why are you telling us this now? Don’t you know Mr. Hayes has just wiped out Charles’ entire team? And yet, you’re suggesting that he should take another route?” 
Shawn was speechless. 
“They have a private jet that the military has no authority to question,” Sebastian suddenly remarked from the car. 
Shawn shifted his attention away from Karl to look in Sebastian’s direction instead. 
“That’s right. I have made the necessary arrangements. You should head over now as they are ready for you.” 
“All right,” Sebastian readily agreed. 
Karl who was left in the car was dumbfounded. 
That’s right. How could I have forgotten? The Pence family was involved in the country’s secret research. Other than the nation’s leaders, no one else had the authority to question them. 
Wow! Wow! Wow! 
With that, Karl happily followed Shawn as they drove away. 
However, they didn’t expect Charles to be so desperate to kill Sebastian that he disregarded the Pence family. 
Bam! 
A loud noise rang out.
Sitting in the driver’s seat, Shawn saw something heavy crash onto his windscreen. The impact caused him to hit his head onto the steering wheel. 
The car, with Shawn inside, overturned and spun off the highway. 
###Chapter 677
Chapter 677
Karl, who was following closely behind, cried out in shock, “Mr. Pence!” 
Even Sebastian, who was in the backseat, blanked out at what he saw. 
Before they knew it, a loud whirring sound was heard above their heads. As both of them looked up, they saw a helicopter diving in their direction. 
Fuck! 
Karl’s face lost all color at once. 
“That bast*rd!” He jammed on the brakes immediately before throwing the car in reverse. 
Sebastian’s expression turned grim. 
Grabbing onto the car handles above the window, he continued to stare at the approaching helicopter. Its jet-black color made him feel as if darkness was coming for them. 
Bam! 
In the end, their car was no match for the helicopter. 
Just like Shawn’s car, their vehicle was sent flying from the air pressure generated by the helicopter. The terrifying sound it generated made one feel as if one was inside an action movie. 
Luckily, the helicopter didn’t ram into them as it was too dangerous for the pilot. All it did was try to blow them away with the force it generated and destabilize them with its landing gear.
Therefore, although their car was lifted off the ground, it was thrown off by a few meters before hitting the side railing of the highway, causing it to fall back down. 
“Mr. Hayes… Mr. Hayes, are you all right?” 
Karl’s head was covered with blood. 
Despite not being directly hit, the turbulence the car experienced was enough to deal damage to its occupants, especially the driver. Karl felt as if his chest was about to burst open. 
However, Sebastian didn’t reply. 
Despite hearing the loud whirring in his ears, all Sebastian could see was darkness. 
A moment ago, he had crashed into the front seat from behind. Even the handle he was holding onto had broken off in his hand. 
Consequently, he wasn’t sure what kind of situation he was in. All he knew was that the excruciating pain he felt from his wrist and forehead was a bad omen of what was to come. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
Finally, Sebastian calmed down and replied with his lips pale, “I’m fine.” 
Having heard Sebastian’s answer, Karl heaved a sigh of relief. 
Struggling up his seat, he wanted to continue driving. However, Sebastian’s voice rang up from behind, “Let’s switch. I’ll drive.” 
“Huh?” 
Karl turned around in surprise.
However, he saw a mini submachine gun being thrust upon him. 
He immediately understood what he needed to do. 
After moving out of the driver’s seat, he positioned himself on the right. At the same time, Sebastian took his place at the wheel. 
In terms of marksmanship, Sebastian just wasn’t as good as Karl, who also used to be a commando. Therefore, he chose to drive while letting his subordinate fire back at the enemy. 
With that, Sebastian started the car engine. 
Meanwhile, the helicopter had noticed that they didn’t fall of the highway and was circling back. 
“Take aim!” 
With his bloodshot eyes, Sebastian ignored the pain in his wrist and turned the steering wheel to quickly dislodge the car from the guardrails. The next second, he floored the accelerator. Instead of avoiding the helicopter, he drove in its direction instead. 
F*ck! 
Karl, who was holding onto the gun, was stunned. 
However, he quickly regained his senses when he saw the approaching helicopter. Coincidentally, its cockpit was facing their car. 
In fact, the range was perfect for his submachine gun. 
Squinting his eyes, Karl raised his gun and took aim. 
Rat-tat-tat!
Pulling the trigger, he sprayed his target with a barrage of bullets. 
Smash! 
The approaching helicopter was caught off guard as bullets shattered both its windscreen and windows. 
This is crazy! Who are these people? Aren’t they worried that their car will be crushed by the helicopter? 
By then, the car was almost right underneath the helicopter. 
The pilot was stunned by what was going on. 
However, that wasn’t the most terrifying part. With their cockpit now exposed, they saw Karl standing up from the car with the submachine gun in his hand. 
The next moment, Karl unleashed a hail of bullets with vengeance, killing all the people in the helicopter. 
Boom! 
A giant explosion rang out. 
Descending rapidly, the helicopter crashed onto the highway. 
The next second, it exploded into a fireball while the car Karl missed it by a whisker. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re amazing!” Karl yelled triumphantly to celebrate their successful counterattack. 
Sebastian didn’t respond. 
Now that his adrenaline was receding, he felt an excruciating pain from his wrist and could barely hold the steering wheel. 
###Chapter 678
Chapter 678
“Karl-” 
Just when he wanted to order Karl to take over the wheel, he heard the sounds of a whirring rotor above their heads again. 
“F*ck! When are they going to quit?” 
Karl’s face lost color at once. 
Stopping abruptly, Sebastian looked up. 
However, all he felt was despair. He saw not one, but two helicopters that were hunting them down in a fearsome manner. 
“Mr. Hayes-” 
Silence ensued. 
Tightening his grip on the steering wheel, Sebastian gritted his teeth and floored the accelerator. 
There was no other choice. Although they had defeated the first helicopter with smarts and courage, Sebastian was at his wit’s end on how to deal with the current two. 
Therefore, their only option was to flee. 
Sebastian was driving at a frightening two hundred and thirty kilometers per hour. Inside the car, it felt eerily quiet and surreal as the scenery flashed past them.
In spite of that, the two helicopters caught up quickly. 
Bam! 
A loud noise rang out. 
Despite the breakneck speed they were traveling at, their car was still tossed off the highway like a sandbag. 
After flying for tens of meters, they crashed back onto the ground. 
Boom! 
At the wreckage, there was no response from Karl, who was in the back seat. 
At the same time, Sebastian was almost unconscious. 
The moment the car crashed, his eyes were covered with darkness while every fiber in his body screamed in pain. Tasting blood in his mouth, he was too weak to open his eyes. 
However, the two helicopters were not planning on letting them off. 
When they saw the car still on the highway, one of the helicopters swooped down to push it off the guardrail and into the ravine below. 
At the crucial moment, a large truck suddenly appeared and drove toward the helicopter at breakneck speed. 
Boom! 
The entire ground shook. 
No one had expected the truck to ram into the helicopter like a beast gone berserk.
Suddenly, everyone was stunned as they watch the helicopter burst into flames and drop from the sky. 
My God! What’s going on? Where did the truck come from? Does the driver have a death wish? Does he even know that crashing into the helicopter is suicide? 
The pilot in the other helicopter glared angrily at the truck and felt the urge to blow it up to kingdom come. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian had regained his senses and looked in the truck’s direction. 
By then, he had no one else by his side. 
When he left Havenhall, he only brought Karl with him. As for the rest of his men, he assigned them to Calvin who needed all the help he could get. 
So now, who is it that’s helping me? 
Inside the car, he struggled to open his eyes and look toward the truck. 
However, amidst the smoke, he saw that half the truck’s tail had swung out of the highway. At the front of the truck, he could finally see someone moving. 
In between the light from the dancing flames, he saw a flurry of blue and white flash before his eyes. 
Blue and white? What’s that? 
As questions filled his head, he attempted to get himself out of the car. 
Boom! 
Suddenly, the fire from the helicopter had spread onto the truck, causing an explosion in the back. With that, the truck began to gradually slip backward.
“Ah!” 
At that moment, Sebastian heard a familiar cry before looking at the truck in disbelief. 
Just as expected, a pair of hands reach out from the truck. They were extremely dainty and fair. Sasha was banging desperately on the truck window. 
Unfortunately, as if something had gone wrong, she just couldn’t open it. 
No! 
Sebastian instantly realized what was going on. As fear began to overwhelm him, he desperately tried to struggle free from whatever was holding him back. 
“No! No…” 
“It’s a woman. Go and kill her now!” 
The men who had alighted from the final helicopter realized that the truck was driven by a woman. As their eyes flashed with murderous intent, they headed toward the truck in burning rage. 
Killing her then was just a piece of cake. 
They could either end her life in the driver’s seat or just push the truck into the ravine. 
In both scenarios, she would die instantly. 
Sebastian was on the brink of going berserk. 
“Stop, I’m telling you. Stop!” Just like a caged beast, he cried out in despair. With veins bulging out on his neck and his eyes spitting fire, he looked no different from a madman. 
###Chapter 679
Chapter 679
However, those men couldn’t hear him at all. 
Instead, his expression told them how important the lady in the lorry was to him. 
Hence, they stood in front of him and attempted to pry open the truck door. 
“Ah!” 
The moment the door opened, Sasha, dressed in a blue and white school jacket rolled onto the ground by their feet. 
Sebastian felt his heart stop. 
“It really is a girl. But why is she wearing a school uniform? Is she a student?” 
“Maybe, but what is her relationship to him?” 
“Can she be his mistress? Isn’t dressing up in costumes all the rage recently?” 
Giving the girl wretched stares, they began to wonder how she was related to Sebastian. 
However, she was curled up on the floor without any sign of movement. 
However, just when the men tried to grab her, she slipped out a needle and stuck it into the man’s eye. 
“Argh!” 
Suddenly, the man screamed in pain and flung her aside with his hand.
The moment Sasha crashed onto the ground, the pain caused her vision to blur. 
“Kill her! Kill her now!” 
Just when she wanted to get up and save the trapped Sebastian, someone pulled her hair from behind. 
The next moment, she felt a sudden pain and was violently pulled backward. 
“Ooh…” 
“You b*tch! How dare you attack me? Very well, I will crush you right here, right now!” Then, the man threw her over the guardrail. 
“Ahh!” 
Sasha let out a scream of despair. 
In a blink of an eye, a pair of hands appeared out of nowhere and grabbed her. Breaking her fall, they let her hang on by the edge of the cliff. 
Who is it? Who caught me? 
Before she could calm down, she raised her gaze to see a familiar face. However, that face was covered in blood. 
“Sebby…” 
Bursting out in tears, she looked at him just like a pitiful child. 
Sprawled on the ground, Sebastian endured the stinging pain as he held onto her with both hands. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll pull you up.” Calming her down, his voice was gentle and soothing.
Tears streamed down Sasha’s cheeks endlessly. 
He had not spoken to her in such a tender tone for a long time. 
This b*stard! He has treated me like crap for a long time just to get me to leave. Does he know how long I have been drowning in sadness? 
Sasha looked at him teary-eyed. “Do you still want me to leave?” 
“Not anymore.” 
“Do you still suspect me?” 
“I never did.” 
Sasha was stumped. 
Suddenly, a burning sensation crept up on her nose as her sobs turned into a bawl. At that moment, she felt as if all the frustrations within her were released, so much so that she was trembling slightly. 
Sebastian coaxed her, “Why don’t you come up first?” 
“All right.” 
Sasha agreed with tears in her eyes. Grabbing onto Sebastian’s hands, she waited for him to pull her up. 
However, her delight was short-lived. 
Crack! 
Blinking her eyes, Sasha felt a moist and warm sensation on her face. That was when she suddenly turned pale.
“Sebby…” 
“Come up quickly!” 
Sebastian was at his limit. Desperately clinging onto her hands, he pulled her up with all his might. 
It was right at that moment that a razor-sharp dagger was stabbed into his body. 
“And yet, I thought Shin’s son was someone exceptional to have killed so many of my men. In fact, I was expecting you to have shaken everything up. In the end, you’re just like your dad. Both of you have failed all because of a woman!” 
With an insidious look in his eye, the man remarked in a vengeful tone. 
After all, he was filled with resentment. 
The Jadesons of Jadeborough had never lost a battle. No enemy had managed to stand against them. 
However, Sebastian had defeated them repeatedly. 
With a devilish smile, the man pulled the dagger out and prepared to make Sebastian suffer. 
Suddenly, Sasha could feel Sebastian’s hand trembling violently while more of his blood dripped onto her face. 
“No, don’t touch him! No!” Seized with fear, she screamed hysterically at the man. 
However, there was no way he was going to let Sebastian go. 
After all, his ive was to kill Sebastian. Furthermore, he wanted to exact revenge for all his men whom Sebastian had slaughtered.
Again, he plunged his dagger into Sebastian. 
“Oof…” 
Finally, Sebastian began to cringe in pain. 
However, his grip on Sasha didn’t loosen at all. 
That was when Sasha lost all hope. 
###Chapter 680
Chapter 680
When she saw more blood dripping down on her, Sasha’s tears continued to gush out. 
She screamed, “Sebby, let… let me go. Hurry…” 
She knew that with his capabilities, Sebastian would be able to take out the man if he let go of her. After Sasha had incapacitated the other man with her needles, he was the only one left. 
Therefore, Sebastian would definitely be able to overpower him. 
However, he rejected her suggestion. 
In fact, he glared at her and bellowed, “Shut up! Hold on tight as I’m pulling you up now!” 
Gritting his teeth, he dragged her up with all his might. 
When Sasha realized that she was being lifted up, a glimmer of hope appeared in her eyes. 
However, the man suddenly took out a gun and pointed at Sebastian’s arm. 
Bang! 
“Argh!” 
Sasha’s scream accompanied the gunshot. As she began to slip down, she pulled Sebastian along with her. 
That b*stard!
Sasha could see that Sebastian was about to lose consciousness from the pain. 
It pained her to watch him desperately holding on despite having his arm shot through. Finally, she calmed down. 
“Sebby, listen to me. I will definitely survive. Look at how tough I am. When I carried the triplets and rolled down the stairs, I didn’t die. Also, I survived after being brought to the deserted island by Solomon and injected with the drug. Sebby, you got to have faith in me. This time, I’ll be all right too.” 
“B*llshit!” Sebastian roared. 
With his body drenched in blood, his face had lost all color. It was a horrifying sight to behold. 
“Shut up! Did you hear me? Shut up!” 
His tone trembled as if he was pleading. 
However, Sasha had begun prying his fingers apart. 
The next moment, to Sebastian’s shock, she slipped through his hands just like a kite with a broken string, falling down into the abyss. 
Sebby, you will never know this but if only one of us were to live, I would want it to be you. 
At that moment, it felt as if time had stopped while the air had frozen. 
Stunned, Sebastian felt the urge to cry and scream. 
However, nothing came out in the end. He realized that when one was in the throes of sadness, one wasn’t able to make a sound. 
All that was left was an empty shell, as if his soul had followed her off the cliff.
In truth, that was what he was about to do. Closing his eyes, he spread his arms and let himself fall. 
“Grab him!” 
Suddenly, a voice barked out from behind. 
The next moment, he felt his body being dragged backward. 
“Let go! Let go of me…” Opening his eyes, he desperately tried to struggle free. 
However, no one dared to release him until an old man whose trousers were stained with soil came up to him. 
The old man glared furiously at Sebastian. “What are you doing? Is that all you are capable of? After trying to drag me, Jonathan Jadeson, down together with you, you want to end your life over a woman?” 
With his bloodshot eyes, Sebastian ignored the old man and roared, “It has nothing to do with you! Let me go!” 
All he could feel was rage and desperation. 
Even his deep-seated hatred for the Jadesons no longer mattered to him. With his pupils losing their focus, hysteria consumed him. 
Jonathan’s expressions drastically changed. 
This was exactly what he hated to see. 
Back then, Sebastian’s father had reacted the same way. He had sacrificed his own life for the sake of a woman. 
And now, his son was doing the same.
Waving his hand, Jonathan gestured for his subordinates to take the raving-mad Sebastian away. 
Thump! 
Before they did anything, Sebastian had managed to throw his captor aside. If not for Jonathan’s quick reflexes, Sebastian would have dashed for the cliff again. 
“Sebastian, what are you doing? She is already dead. She chose to sacrifice herself for you. Are you going to let her die in vain?” 
Utterly infuriated, Jonathan raised his hand and gave Sebastian a forceful slap. 
Only then did he finally stop moving. 
As if he had lost his mind, he stood blankly by the guardrail. Losing track of time, he reached out his hand to try and grab the darkness of the abyss. 
Pfft! 
Sebastian spewed a mouthful of blood before collapsing onto the ground. 
Three months later in Avenport, Sabrina had finally returned. 
Although she had heard about what happened, she was still just as furious. 
###Chapter 681
Chapter 681
Karl was happy to see her return. For the past few months, he had been walking around in crutches. The moment he saw Sabrina, he ran up to her and asked, “Ms. Sabrina, Mr. Hayes… he went to Jadeborough and never returned. I heard that he is in a coma. Do you want to go see him?” 
If she agreed, he would want to go along with her. 
However, Sabrina fell silent. 
In what capacity am I to see him in? Furthermore, will the Jadesons even allow me to do that? 
“Ms. Sabrina?” 
“We’ll discuss it again. Meanwhile, I’ll go see the Wand family first.” With that, Sabrina headed to the Wand residence. 
Three months ago, after receiving news of Sasha’s death, Rufus fell seriously sick in Clear. It wasn’t until Lance brought him back that he began to feel better. 
When Sabrina entered with the gifts she brought, she saw an elderly man lying on a chair in the yard. 
Rufus wasn’t actually that old as he was just past sixty. 
However, Sabrina noticed that not only had all his hair turned white, but he had also become exceptionally thin. At first glance, she thought that he looked like someone in his seventies. 
“Mr. Wand, are you getting a sun bath?” 
Regaining his senses, Rufus turned toward Sabrina.
“Sabrina? You’re back?” Despite recognizing her, there was a glint in his eyes in response. 
Sabrina smiled at once. “Yes, I just returned. Mr. Wand, I heard that you were sick. So, I decided to drop by for a visit. Are you feeling better now?” 
Unlike her previous demeanor, Sabrina was full of respect. 
Rufus was still feeling weak. 
Nevertheless, he was invigorated by the sight of his daughter’s in-law. Sitting where he was, he began chatting with her. 
For Rufus, it was depressing to have his daughter leave before he did. Furthermore, he had been to prison and lost his wife a long time ago. 
Feeling sorry for him, Sabrina spent some time chatting with him. 
Before she left, Rufus suddenly asked with an innocent expression, “By the way, Sabrina, do you know where the children are? I miss them dearly.” 
Sabrina’s eyes burned at once. 
In truth, she didn’t know. 
Three months ago, Sebastian had sent the children away. Other than himself and Calvin, no one knew where they were. 
However, now that he was in a coma and Calvin was nowhere to be found, she had no idea where the children were. 
The moment she left the Wand residence, she decided to head to Jadeborough. Firstly, she wanted to see Sebastian. Secondly, she wanted to find Calvin and ask him where the children were.
With that, she returned to the Hayes residence. 
“Ms. Sabrina, Mr. Solomon is back and wants to see you.” 
She had not expected to hear bad news the moment she returned. 
Mr. Solomon? 
Sabrina frowned and prepared to leave. 
Before she could do that, Solomon heard her and came in from the yard. 
“Sabrina, I want to talk to you.” 
Given that it was April, the weather was getting warm. The flowers were in full bloom within the Hayes residence. Contrasted against the lush greenery, they made for a beautiful sight. 
Amidst the blooming flowers in the garden, Sabrina took a seat on the stone bench. 
Solomon followed accordingly. 
“What are your plans?” 
“Plans?” Sabrina sneered in response, “What do you mean plans? Are you worried that I am going to fight you for what you have? Let me tell you, I’m not interested.” 
Solomon furrowed his eyebrows. 
Bathing in the warm afternoon sun, he threw a short shadow on the ground. Although the light accentuated his upright figure, it was unable to hide the frustration he felt.
“You have misunderstood me. I want to ask you if you would like to come back to work at the company. Based on how much the Hayes’ children will get, you deserve to have a twenty percent stake in Hayes Corporation.” 
“What did you say? I have a stake in Hayes Corporation?” 
Having digested his words, Sabrina looked at him in surprise. 
“Is there something wrong with your brain?” 
Dumbfounded, Solomon felt like giving up on the conversation. 
Subsequently, he threw a share transfer agreement on the stone table. “Here, take a look. Come back if you want to. The decision is yours.” 
With that, Solomon left abruptly. 
Staring blankly at the document, Sabrina just sat there. After a long while, she wiped the tears off her cheeks. 
She wasn’t crying because she was touched. 
All those years, she had resented her dad and Sebastian because she felt they had never treated her as a family by being constantly wary of her. 
It wasn’t until they left her one by one that she realized they had protected her in their own way. 
Only then, did she understand how much they truly loved her. 
###Chapter 682
Chapter 682
What about this half-brother of mine? Is he a cold-blooded and selfish man? I don’t think so. At least when I was kidnapped by his mother and was getting sold as a sex slave, he was the one who opposed it. Even though Devin was the one who rescued me in the end, it shows that the former is not a bad person. 
Eventually, Sabrina did not accept the share transfer agreement, but she sent it back to the Hayes Corporation. The following day, she headed over to Jadeborough. 
The situation back in Jadeborough had seemed to resume to normal after three months, especially the Jadesons. 
The Jadesons were separated into three bloodlines. The main bloodline was Jonathan’s eldest son, Stephen, who was Devin’s father. 
As for the other two bloodlines, one of them was Jonathan’s elder brother, while another one belonged to his uncle. 
His uncle’s bloodline was rooted further away. Hence, it did not have much power around Jadeborough. 
However, it was a different story with his brother’s bloodline. As Jonathan used to shower a lot of care and favor for this brother, naturally, he had given the latter a lot of power. 
For example, his brother’s son, Charles, and his brother’s grandson, Eric, both possessed a high military position. 
However, Charles just got discharged personally by Jonathan recently.
Other than him, everyone from the brother’s bloodline had gotten suspended from their positions as well. The real reason was not announced to the public. The official statement merely said that they had committed some mistakes and had to receive confinement. 
“Stephen, it’s been three months already. When do you think will Charles be released?” 
One day, as Devin and his family were having breakfast at home, his mother, Jasmine, suddenly asked her husband, Stephen. 
Stephen cast her a cold glance upon hearing that question. 
“Why do you ask about this out of nowhere?” 
“Nothing. Since both of them have done such a thing to Devin, why does Dad only lock them up for a few days? Back then, Devin had gotten accused of taking a life, which gave him a huge blow on his spirit.” 
Jasmine could not suppress her emotions as she felt the whole matter was somehow unfair. 
Back then, Devin was the one that Jonathan sent to pick up Frieda. But when Devin was taking her back to Jadeborough, Eric’s men mixed in and grabbed the chance to kill Frieda. 
When Devin did not bring her back, he got confined as soon as he returned. 
Yet, after the truth got revealed, all Charles got was merely confinement. 
That seemed too light a punishment in Jasmine’s opinion. 
Just then, Stephen let out a helpless sigh. “Since Eric is dead now, it’s already the biggest punishment for Charles. What else do you want?” 
Jasmine was rendered speechless by that.
In the end, she had no choice but to keep quiet. 
A moment later, Devin came down from upstairs. He had changed into a neat military uniform, getting ready to head to the base. 
“Devin, hold on a second. Are you leaving already?” Jasmine could not bear her son leaving as she immediately rushed toward him. 
Upon seeing that, Devin let out a wry smile. 
“Mom, I got to go to work. It’s not like that I’m leaving forever.” 
“But…” 
“All right, Mom. I need to go. Or I’ll be late.” Devin turned abruptly to leave. 
“Mr. Jadeson, there’s a Ms. Hayes outside for you. Should I let her in?” All of a sudden, a housemaid came in the door. 
“Hayes? Who’s that?” 
Jasmine’s expression turned dark the instant she heard that name, and she questioned before her son could utter a word. 
But the housemaid kept quiet. 
Devin was puzzled for a while but soon managed to guess who it was. At that moment, his expression turned awkward. “It’s fine. I’m heading out anyway.” 
Upon saying that, he left abruptly.
Jasmine was utterly displeased after being ignored by her son. “Stephen, who exactly is that? And she’s a Haye. Is she related to Frieda’s son? Why does she come here to find him?” 
She had run out of patience. 
Not to mention, the existence of Frieda’s son gave her a strong sense of insecurity. 
After all, he was Shin’s son. 
And she heard that he was unbeatable. Not to mention, his encounter with Charles and his son had resulted in countless casualties on the latter’s side. 
The most terrifying fact was that Jonathan chose not to kill him. Instead, he brought the latter back and took care of him on Heron Hill while he was in a coma. 
Jasmine had made up her mind by then that she would pay a visit to Heron Hill no matter what. 
Right at that moment, Sabrina finally met Devin. 
“Devin… I didn’t come here to find you. Don’t worry. I want to see my brother. It’s been a long time, and I wonder how he’s been.” 
Meeting the man of her heart, Sabrina still felt a little nervous. 
Plus, she felt somewhat awkward due to the previous fuss she created at the base. Hence, she did not dare to look at him in the eyes. 
Fortunately, Devin was not someone that held onto the past. 
Upon knowing her purpose, Devin nodded slightly. “I understand. But Sebastian is at my grandpa’s place right now. If you want to see him, maybe I’ll need to ask Grandpa and get his permission.”
“All right. Ask him then.” 
Sabrina’s eyes brightened with excitement upon hearing that. 
However, little did she know her family name was utterly detested by the Jadesons, especially Charles’ bloodline. 
###Chapter 683
Chapter 683
“Who did you say that came to see him? Is it someone from the Hayes?” 
Meanwhile, in Jade Court, Charles’ daughter, Tiffany, furrowed her brows upon hearing the news. Beyond exasperated, she threw her lipstick furiously at the floor. 
The housemaid paled in fright on the spot. 
“Yes… Ms. Tiffany. Our men saw her with their own eyes. It seems that she wants to meet that man and Mr. Jadeson has agreed to help her speak to Old Mr. Jadeson.” 
“Devin? Who does he think he is to make that call?” 
Tiffany cursed again upon hearing that, showing no respect at all to Devin. 
Indeed, not many among the Jadesons would show any respect to Devin. In terms of age, many in the family were much older than him. And in terms of seniority, he was not the strongest one neither. 
Hence, he did not deserve to be an heir of the military family. 
With that, the housemaid did not dare to utter another word while she cast a timid glare toward Tiffany. 
After a few minutes, Tiffany eventually lost her temper and stomped out of the door. 
Since her brother was dead and her father was under confinement, there was no way she could let this drop. 
A few minutes later, she found Tyler, the son of her uncle, at the West Wing of Jade Court. After Eric’s death, Tyler was the only one in her bloodline that still stood a chance against Devin as the heir.
“Tyler, do you want to be the heir of the Jadesons?” 
Tiffany cut to the chase as soon as she ran into Tyler. 
Heir? 
Tyler, who was playing with a parrot in the cage, cast her a lazy look. “Why? Are you still dreaming of becoming the heir after your brother’s death?” 
“Tyler!” 
Tiffany’s face darkened as she felt a thud in her heart. “I’m warning you. Don’t ever mention my brother again! If you want to get to this position, my advice is that you do as I say. Or else, you don’t even stand a chance with your family’s ability!” 
Upon saying that, she turned furiously and left. 
Tyler froze on the spot for a while, staring at her back figure. 
A second later, he immediately caught up with her. 
“Tiff, I’m sorry. I was fooling around with you. Tell me. What do you want me to do?” Tyler’s behavior completely changed. 
Only then did Tiffany halt her feet, while casting a cold glance at him. 
She had never expected highly of him due to his lack of ability and courage. 
Nevertheless, since her brother was no longer around, she would prefer this useless cousin to take over as the heir rather than Devin. 
One of the advantages was that she would be able to control him.
Most importantly, she wanted to avenge her brother. 
In the end, Tiffany gave Tyler Sabrina’s address and asked him to kidnap her before they make a move on Devin. 
Using Sabrina to go after Devin? 
As expected, Tyler did not comprehend the purpose of this act. 
Nonetheless, since Tiffany asked him to do so, he would just follow her instruction obediently. 
Meanwhile, at the Hilton hotel in Jadeborough. 
After Sabrina settled down there, she started to investigate Calvin’s whereabouts right away. 
“I’m sorry. Could you tell me about the explosion at the nightclub at Octasea Street that happened three months ago?” 
“Why are you asking about that?” 
In the bar with loud music, a man who looked slightly drunk was talking to Sabrina. Upon seeing the beauty he just got to know asked him such an abrupt question, his expression darkened. 
Sabrina pretended not to notice his expression as she continued to act seductively. 
“Nothing. One of my friends disappeared in that explosion. So I’m trying to look for him.” Her seductive face instantly filled with a hint of sorrow. 
The eldest daughter of the Hayes family was indeed a natural beauty. 
She disguised her beauty with gothic-style makeup, making others consider her an arrogant, stubborn woman.
But many did not know that under those heavy makeups hid a charming, elegant face. 
As expected, the drunken man got moved by her vulnerability. 
“I see. It would be difficult then since there were many casualties in that incident. But if you trust me, you can give me a photo of your friend. I can try asking around.” 
Sabrina was stunned momentarily. 
After pondering for a while, she eventually gave Calvin’s photo to that man. 
After all, no one knew Calvin’s real identity except the Hayes family. So she figured it would not matter to give his photo to a stranger. 
After Sabrina walked out of the bar, she wanted to call Devin. But she hesitated as she recalled the latter trying to keep his distance from her. 
With that, she decided to go back to her hotel. 
But when she was about to arrive at the hotel, a car suddenly stopped beside her. Before she could react, two men rushed out from the car and grabbed her. 
###Chapter 684
Chapter 684
What the h*ll? What’s going on? Are they trying to kidnap me? 
Sabrina was beyond exasperated by that. Clenching her fists tightly, she stabled herself while throwing a punch toward the man behind her. 
“Aaaaahh…” 
The man did not expect her to make such a brutal move, so he covered his nose with his hand, letting out a painful shriek. 
“How dare you try to touch me? Who do you think you are?” Turning around, she cursed furiously without any sign of intimidation. 
At that moment, the man got pissed utterly. 
“Seize her! We must capture her today no matter what!” 
A second later, a few more men got out of the car and charged toward Sabrina. 
Upon seeing that, Sabrina let out a cold smile. As those men got close to her, she swiftly tore her skirt off as it was getting in the way of her movement. Then, she displayed a skillful kick. 
In an instant, the two men collapsed to the ground. 
Indeed, the eldest daughter of the Hayes family was not someone to be trifled with. 
Tyler stomped his feet in wrath when he heard that all the men he sent got beaten up badly.
“What a bunch of trash! How come so many of you couldn’t even handle a woman?” 
“But Mr. Jadeson, the woman is not a joke. She’s much fiercer than Ms. Tiffany.” 
Those men even used Tiffany as a comparison to talk themselves out of it. 
Tyler, who was initially enraged, immediately changed his expression when they mentioned Tiffany. A moment later, his eyes were filled with utter hostility. 
Is she that strong? It looks like I got to handle this myself. 
That night, Tyler personally drove over to Hilton Hotel. 
By that time, Sabrina had just finished taking her shower. Taking a look at the wounds on her body, she decided to make a call to Devin. 
Brrr… Brrr… 
It rang for a long time but no one answered. 
At that moment, her expression turned grim. 
But when she was about to hang up, Devin picked up the phone. “Hello?” 
“Devin! Finally, you answered my call. Check this out. I got attacked today. Someone tried to kidnap me on my way back. Devin, do you have any idea who that is?” 
Sabrina could not suppress her emotion as soon as she heard that familiar voice. 
She never had the habit of complaining to another party, but she could not help but tell everything to Devin. 
She was often unable to act rationally in front of Devin.
However, Devin did not seem to believe her. 
“Attacked? Where have you been today?” 
“I…” Sabrina choked on her word. “I went to a bar…” 
“You…” 
Upon hearing that, Devin got consumed with rage. 
What the h*ll is that place? She’s a woman, and she’s from a rich family. How could she go to such a place? 
With that, Devin’s impression of Sabrina got worse. He showed no interest in further listening to her. Thus, he hung up the phone abruptly. 
“Devin? Devin?” 
Beep! Beep! Beep! 
Sabrina’s chest heaved up and down as she tried to suppress her rage. 
Yes, I did go to a bar, but I went to investigate Calvin’s case. I didn’t do anything. 
Sabrina was left with utter indignance. 
Forget it. I’ll explain to him tomorrow. 
With that in mind, she put down her phone and planned to head to bed. 
But right at that moment, a red beam went through her window and accurately landed on her body.
Phish! 
Shortly after that, a bullet pierced through the window. 
At that instant, Sabrina collapsed to the floor and went unconscious. 
By the time Devin received the news, it was already the following morning. 
The kidnappers told him that if he wanted to save Sabrina’s life, he would have to release the firearms smuggler he caught not long ago. 
“Are these people out of their minds? How dare they threaten you?” 
The adjutant, Xavier, was enraged upon seeing the threatening letter. 
Devin was utterly pissed as well. 
Arms trafficking had always been a crime that the country had been trying to solve. Thus, it had been Devin’s primary mission, and he had taken a lot of effort to put the head into custody. 
Yet, those criminals threatened him with a woman. 
A dark expression loomed over Devin’s face. “Did you investigate the hotel? Do you know who did this?” 
“Yes, I did. There was a sign of a gunshot, but Ms. Hayes should be fine as there were not many bloodstains at the scene. I suppose those men merely want to use her as a bargaining chip.” 
“Sh*t!” 
Devin who had always been calm cursed instantly. 
Xavier asked, “Major, what should we do now?”
Devin was at a loss for words. 
Trying hard to collect himself, he spat out a sentence. “Go on and investigate those people. I’ll go talk to the director.” 
###Chapter 685
Chapter 685
Upon saying that, he went out abruptly. 
There was no way he was going to sit by and watch. If anything were to happen to Sabrina, he would not know how to explain to Sebastian, who was still in a coma. 
With that, Devin decided to try to persuade the director to utilize his men. 
Meanwhile, at the north of the city, in Jade Court. 
Tiffany was beyond delighted when she heard about the news. 
“See. I said it was going to work. Devin has taken action now, hasn’t he?” 
She cast a satisfied smile at Tyler. 
Tyler was even more pleased than her. 
If Devin were to show up with the firearms smuggler, Tyler would have the chance to kill him. Devin would never have expected that the firearms smuggler’s life was getting targeted, as he would think it was merely a trade. 
Once the firearms smuggler lost his life, Devin would not escape from the military, even with Jonathan’s protection. 
Tyler gave a long sigh and was full of praises for Tiffany. “Tiff, I got to admit, you’ve such a brilliant mind.” 
Tiffany displayed a cold smile. “Do you think everyone is as stupid as your family?”
Tyler was rendered speechless by her sarcastic response. 
This f*cking b*tch! 
“By the way, I heard that this woman from the Hayes family has injured some of your men. Is that true?” 
Out of the blue, Tiffany cast a question toward Tyler. 
Tyler’s expression turned embarrassed instantly. “That was actually due to our negligence. She’s not an easy opponent, just like you.” 
“What did you say? She’s just like me?” Tiffany felt utterly offended. 
Just like me? Is she worthy to be compared with me? I’m the famous princess of the Jadesons! 
Eventually, Tiffany decided to go check on Sabrina. 
Half an hour later, in an apartment located within the city. 
Sabrina was tied to a chair for the whole night, with her eyes blindfolded. As she finally heard some footsteps approaching, she started struggling desperately. 
“Mm, mm, mm-” 
She was trying to plead for mercy, but her mouth was sealed with tape. 
Around ten seconds later, the footsteps stopped right in front of her. 
Hiss… The tape on her mouth was ripped off suddenly. 
“F*ck!”
Sabrina gasped heavily for air like a fish returning to the water. She could not even be bothered about the pain in her mouth. 
Who the h*ck is this? How dare he kidnap me? 
After she manage to collect herself, she lifted her head and tried to recognize the person in front of her. 
“Who exactly are you? Why did you kidnap me?” 
To her befuddlement, there was no response. 
She felt the person was standing there and observing her as well. 
Sabrina almost ran out of her patience while the person reached her hand and grabbed Sabrina’s jaw. “I heard that you’re quite an arrogant woman.” 
It’s a woman. I knew it! Is she trying to provoke me? 
Rage started boiling within Sabrina’s heart. “So what! And who the h*ll are you? B*tch! How dare you kidnap me! Aren’t you afraid of death?” 
I’m the daughter of the Hayes family! I can be as arrogant as I want! 
Nevertheless, Tiffany could not be bothered with who Sabrina was. 
Upon hearing Sabrina’s response, Tiffany let out a boisterous laugh. “You’re right. I’m afraid to die. But do you dare to kill me?” 
As soon as she finished her sentence, she cast a forceful slap on Sabrina. 
Slap!
Sabrina, who was blindfolded, did not see that coming at all. Without any hint, she suddenly felt great pain on her face. 
This bloody b*tch! 
Sabrina was utterly pissed. 
“So? Do you want to kill me? Or is that not enough?” Tiffany slapped Sabrina again. 
She detested Sabrina’s face to the fullest. 
Even though Sabrina’s eyes were covered, Tiffany noticed the former was better looking than her. Not to mention, the former got a more domineering aura. 
Her second slap was full of strength, without any sense of mercy. 
But at that moment, Sabrina, who got tied to the chair, suddenly shifted her gaze toward Tiffany. To Tiffany’s bewilderment, Sabrina stood up suddenly in the chair and charged toward her recklessly. 
Thump! 
Tiffany received a huge blow in her nose as she took a few steps backward. 
If her men behind her did not support her, she would have fallen right on the floor. 
“Just die, b*tch! Hahaha!” 
Sabrina heard the noise and knew her move was successful. 
That was indeed Sabrina’s true self.
She would never give in regardless of whatever helpless circumstances she was in. No one could ever humiliate her. 
Tiffany was beyond exasperated by Sabrina’s act. 
Wiping off the blood on her nose, Tiffany trembled incessantly in wrath. “Beat her up! Kill her! I swear to God! If I don’t take her life today, I’m not a Jadeson!” 
A Jadeson? 
As Sabrina was beaten down to the floor, she thought that was the last word she heard. 
###Chapter 686
Chapter 686
Her last name is Jadeson? Why Jadeson? Could it be Devin? No, definitely not. Devin may not like me, but he surely wouldn’t have done that on account of Sebastian. So who exactly is this woman from the Jadeson family? 
Despite racking her brains, Sabrina was still puzzled. 
Nonetheless, she had no more time to ponder, for her consciousness was slowly slipping away with every punch that landed on her. 
Devin finally managed to obtain the commander’s approval to release the firearms smuggler temporarily. 
At the same time, pictures of Sabrina being beaten to a pulp were sent to his cellphone. 
“That bunch of b*stards!” 
He trembled with rage upon seeing the pictures. 
Stephen had also caught wind of the situation. He was initially averse to the idea, for any minor mishap would result in his own son receiving grave admonitions. 
However, the pictures instantly rendered him speechless. 
Jasmine was the only one thrown into a frenzy after learning that her husband was in favor of their son’s plans. 
“Stephen! How could you? That woman is not related to our son. Why should he risk his own life just to save her? What if tragedy befalls him?”
“Nothing will happen! You got to have faith in him.” 
Stephen put a stop to his wife’s ion with a firm statement before he headed upstairs. 
Jasmine could only stare daggers at the back of her husband’s silhouette while anxious thoughts filled her mind. 
Oh, right! I can make my way to Heron Hill and inform Dad. Since that woman’s original intention was to look for Frieda’s son, then I can inform him of this crisis and let them handle it. That way, my son won’t have to take the risk. 
With a resolute plan in mind, Jasmine set off with several men. 
Concurrently, Devin was on his way to bring the criminal along with him to contact the “kidnapper”. They were instructed to follow the “kidnapper’s” instructions and show up at a predetermined destination. 
Never did it ever cross Devin’s mind that this mess was actually caused by a Jadeson. 
Even though he was well aware that the other bloodlines of the Jadesons disparaged him, he assumed that nothing of this degree would ever happen considering their blood relations. 
Or at least, that was what he thought before the meeting. 
“Major, do we bring the offender down with us? If we do, the situation will be even more unsafe.” 
As their destination neared, Xavier worriedly pointed out. 
Devin’s brows furrowed. 
He definitely knew of the dangers involved. But if the abductors fail to see their target, they may not release Sabrina.
Shortly after, Devin looked straight into his eyes and commanded, “He’ll come with me. Also, we’ll place a small bomb on his body.” 
His response shocked Xavier to the core. 
Is the major insane? It’s reasonable enough for the criminal to stick to him, but depositing a bomb on him? If any problems were to occur and he explodes into pieces, we’ll be doomed! How are we going to explain ourselves? Has he lost his marbles? 
The atmosphere was frighteningly tense as they approached their destination. 
“Where is she?” 
Xavier guided the criminal along and scanned the area. All of a sudden, he realized that there were neither vehicles nor any human beings in that abandoned factory. 
Devin’s expression darkened perceptibly. 
Just then, a bullet shot at full speed from afar. 
Bang! 
Devin reflexively took cover and hunkered down while yanking the criminal along with him. The bullet barely missed them and landed on their car window, shattering it into pieces. 
“It’s a trap!” Xavier yelled as he fished out his gun. 
Unfortunately, it was too late. 
Following the sniper’s unforeseen appearance, the ground beneath them began to shake. 
Bang!
A loud boom reverberated through the room. 
Aside from Devin, who was rapidly hauled out of the warehouse by Xavier, almost everyone else flew from the sudden impact. In an instant, a mass of bleeding flesh scattered the ground. 
Devin’s eyes were bloodshot. 
With his fist tightly clenched, he surveyed the surroundings with a visible scowl on his face. As someone who hardly threw his temper, the murderous aura he emitted at that moment was intense. 
At Heron Hill, Jadeborough. 
Jasmine finally made it to the top of the hill. At this place, she dared not exhibit a hint of insolence. She carefully treaded to the courtyard of the premises. 
“Dad, it’s me. I’m here to visit you.” 
Upon her arrival, she swiftly made her presence known. Then, she dutifully stood outside and awaited a response. 
That was the way the Jadesons interacted with each other. No matter how pompous they acted in public, they all became docile and meek in the face of their patriarch. Without his consent, they would not even have the audacity to keep their heads up high. 
Jasmine waited outside for a long time. 
“What is it?” 
Finally, a cold and authoritative voice sounded from the inside. 
###Chapter 687
Chapter 687
Jasmine dropped to her knees right away and cut to the chase. 
“Dad, I- I’m here because Frederick Hayes’ daughter came to Devon and said she wanted to see her brother. However, because there was no news from Heron Hill, we dared not take the liberty of disturbing you. Unfortunately, something regrettable cropped up last night. She was kidnapped… Her captors then threatened Devin to bring an offender who was recently captured in exchange for her. What do we do now?” 
Jasmine was intelligent enough to word her plea such that it sounded like the arrangements that were made for Sabrina were their idea and not a result of Devin’s decision. 
When Jonathan heard her, he immediately set down the bowl of medicine he was concocting on the table. 
“Who gave you the permission to allow her to stay?” 
“No- I- We- Dad, we did so on the account of her being Sebastian’s sister. Since she traveled all the way to see him, we didn’t think it was right to send her away. If Sebastian learned of this after he awakens, we wouldn’t want to risk him blaming us.” 
Jasmine indignantly defended herself. 
Her statement was kind of true. 
When Devin made arrangements for Sabrina to stay at the hotel, Stephen analyzed the situation for her to prevent her from committing any foolish decisions.
Her husband reminded her that Jonathan came to Sebastian’s rescue and had been nursing him for about three months. That alone was a testament to his acceptance of Sebastian as a grandson. When the latter finally wakes up, it would probably be time to acknowledge his heritage. 
Hence, Jasmine avoided troubling Sabrina. 
However, after her reply to Jonathan, there was zilch response from the inside of the courtyard. 
What does that mean? 
Nervousness and unsettling began to engulf her once again. 
“Tony.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
“Come here. Give this to that little b*stard. I’m heading out for a while.” 
Jonathan glared at the motionless figure lying on the bed before he furiously handed Tony a bowl of medicine. 
Tony received the bowl with a grin and answered, “Yes, I will. Go ahead, sir. I’ll be here.” 
Then, he strode over to lift Sebastian up. 
It was the beginning of summer over at Heron Hill. Golden rays of sunlight penetrated the wide windows and illuminated the whole room. As sunlight gleamed on Sebastian’s stationary figure, he looked like a lifeless yet delicate work of art. 
Nonetheless, he was a living, breathing human being with a heartbeat.
“Huh… Mr. Sebastian, please wake up soon. In all the years I’ve worked for him, I’ve never seen Old Mr. Jadeson care for someone like he did the past three months. As someone who’s lived his life revered by others, he’s never had to serve anyone. Mr. Sebastian, please don’t harbor any grudge against him anymore.” 
As Tony fed Sebastian medicine, he mumbled to himself. 
Yet, there was still no reaction from the man he was giving his attention to. Even the medicine that he fed him remained in his mouth undevoured. 
Tony was exasperated. 
“Mr. Sebastian, how could you be like this? Don’t force my hand. I’ll have to use that needle to prick you again.” Tony whispered in his ear to threaten him. 
Strangely enough, the medicine slowly went down his throat. 
That finally satisfied Tony. He then finished feeding him the rest of the medicine and gently helped him to lie back down. 
“Oh right. Mr. Sebastian, I heard your sister was here, but something tragic happened to her. What do we do now? I don’t even know whether Old Mr. Jadeson will save her.” 
Silence ensued. 
“Forget it. We’ll just have to wait and see.” 
The long-winded butler continued to talk under his breath for a little longer before he left the room. 
The moment he stepped out of the room, Sebastian’s finger shifted ever so slightly. Those eyes that had been shut for a good three months finally fluttered open.
Once his eyes were fully open, a piercing cold stare took the place of his previously closed eyelids. 
By the time Jonathan made his way to the bottom of the hill, it was too late. 
Devin’s rescue mission was a complete failure. Not only was he unsuccessful in rescuing Sabrina, the convict that he borrowed was also blown into pieces on the spot. 
Even all the subordinates that he brought along were sacrificed in that fruitless mission. 
When Jonathan arrived, Devin had already been detained by his superiors. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, there’s nothing much I can do about this. The higher-ups will require an explanation. With the offender deceased and the hostage still endangered, on top of several of our men’s lives sacrificed, Devin has to take responsibility for this.” 
“I know.” 
The dire situation left Jonathan with few options as well. 
However, owing to Jonathan’s influence, Devin’s punishment was still reduced significantly. Instead of discharging him from the military, they recorded the incident as a major offense and demoted his rank. 
Moreover, he was strictly forbidden from presiding over any important mission for the next six months. 
Jasmine was devastated upon hearing the news. 
No major missions under his leadership signified a consequential demotion. There would be little room for advancements in the future. 
It was going to be extremely difficult for him to secure a higher position.
In the Jadeson family, the foremost criteria for one to be considered an heir was a notable ranking in the military. That meant Devin stood little to no chance. 
Jasmine was absolutely irate. At this moment, she utterly detested Sabrina. In the depths of her heart, she even secretly hoped for her demise. 
###Chapter 688
Chapter 688
When Jonathan returned to Heron Hill, Sebastian had already vanished. Tony was panicking and pacing around the living room. 
“How did he go missing? Wasn’t he still unconscious?” 
Jonathan flared up upon hearing the news. 
Tony hurriedly explained, “Yes, that’s what I thought as well. But when I came by to check on him again, there was nobody on the bed.” 
Jonathan was rendered speechless. 
Jonathan glared at the empty bed and left the place. 
That b*stard! 
He was prepared to summon an army of men to search for him in Heron Hill. 
Heron Hill was not somewhere where people could come and go as they pleased. The security was tight and sentries were aplenty. 
Jonathan thought he would be able to find him in no time. 
Alas, he was wrong. Even after an hour, those who reported back said they didn’t even spot Sebastian’s shadow. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, we’ve searched the entire hill multiple times to no avail.”
“There is nothing on our side.” 
Their responses were all the same. 
Jonathan was enraged even further. “How can it be that none of you has seen him? Could it be that he grew wings and flew? Huh?” 
Everyone fell silent. 
The horde of men stood there petrified. None of them dared to utter a single word. 
In actual fact, they were feeling sullen. They truly hadn’t seen a trace of Sebastian. 
They sighed to themselves. 
In the end, they were all chased out and Jonathan himself took on the task of searching. 
Just as they all vacated the courtyard, a slender figure emerged from Jonathan’s study. 
His expression was calm while his eyes were devoid of emotion. He didn’t even bother to look at the courtyard before he proceeded to leave with a black suit in hand. 
The suit was identical to the ones worn by the mob of security. 
None of them thought to look in the study, for it was Jonathan’s private space and was strictly off-limits to anyone else. 
Soon after, Sebastian left Heron Hill. 
However, instead of going to the aid of Sabrina, he flagged a cab at the foot of the hill and demanded the driver to head to Jade Court. 
“Yes, sir,” the driver replied and sped off.
An uncontrollable shiver ran down the driver’s spine on hearing Sebastian’s glacial tone. 
He didn’t even dare to make small talk throughout the ride and merely focused on sending his passenger to the Jadesons’ Residence at lightning speed. 
“Sir, we’ve arrived.” 
To his confusion, there was no response. 
All of a sudden, a watch was thrust into his hand. The passenger then unlocked the door and stepped out. 
“Sir, I-” 
The driver instantaneously attempted to return the watch. 
This looks like it costs a fortune! The ride was but a mere amount compares to the price of this watch. How could this be considered a suitable payment? 
However, Sebastian did not bother to pay him any attention. 
After he shut the door, he marched off to his destination. From afar, the driver could tell he was reaching for something in his pocket. 
What’s that? Oh god. Is that a gun? 
The color drained from the driver’s face upon realizing what it was. Without another word, he ignited the engine and speedily drove off. 
Inside the Jade Court. 
Tiffany was merrily humming to herself in the garden. She didn’t expect the plan to go so well.
“Ms. Tiffany, what do we do with that woman now?” 
The housemaid inquired after seeing Tiffany so happy. 
That woman? 
The question prompted Tiffany to think about what happened at the apartment the previous day. With a sly grin, she replied, “We’ll see to her demise.” 
“What is that supposed to mean, Ms. Tiffany?” 
“Since Devin failed to see through the deal, wouldn’t it make sense for the kidnappers to kill the hostage? Hahaha…” 
She chuckled sinisterly. 
The housemaid joined in and laughed along with her. 
Unfortunately for them, the laughter was cut short by the abrupt intrusion of an unwelcome guest. “Where is Charles Jadeson?” he questioned them coldly. 
“What?” 
Tiffany instantly stopped giggling and turned to look at the source of the voice. 
Never had she expected to see a man walk in, emitting a chillingly cold aura. 
Clad in a black suit, the man’s chiseled features were enhanced by the afternoon sun. His handsome visage took her by surprise, for he looked like a perfectly sculpted work of art. 
“Who…who are you? Why are you looking for my father?”
Father? 
Sebastian cast her a dirty look. Out of the blue, he fished out his gun. 
Bang! 
At that moment, Tiffany barely had time to react before she pressed her hand against her shoulder and hit the ground. 
“Help! There’s a murderer on the loose! Come quick!” Upon seeing Tiffany drop to the floor, the housemaid shrieked and sprinted off. 
Sebastian remained unfazed. 
He strolled over to Tiffany and slowly trampled on her gunshot wound. 
“Aaaahh!” 
Tiffany screamed in agony. 
“Who- Who the hell are you? I’m going to crush you into pieces!” She attempted to intimidate him. 
###Chapter 689
Chapter 689
Despite Sebastian’s non-response, Tiffany continued screaming and hurling threats at him which irked him further. Once again, his gun was pointed at her. 
“I’ll ask you again. Where is Charles?” 
“I dare you to kill me! I’m…” 
Bang! 
He pulled the trigger instantly. 
This time around, Sebastian aimed for her other shoulder. Due to the close proximity, the bullet bore a hole right through her flesh and created a depression on the soil behind her. 
“Ahhhhhhhhh!” Her agonizing shrieks filled the air once more. 
That zero-hesitation shot he made was plenty sufficient for Tiffany to know that this man was serious. He could kill her right now if he wanted to. She felt fear coursing through her veins, so strong that she was trembling amidst her pain. 
Who is this psycho acting out here? I’m Tiffany Jadeson for god’s sake! 
“W-Who are you?” It took every ounce of courage left within her to ask. 
“Sebastian Hayes.” His choice to reply was already a benevolent act considering it came from him. Deep down, he was trying his best to surpass his irritation. 
Hearing his answer, Tiffany froze.
He’s Sebastian? Shin’s son? The man even Dad and Eric could not get rid of! 
Now that she unmasked his identity, everything about him from head to toe screamed terror. She hugged herself into a ball, trying to make herself less conspicuous. 
But the fear Tiffany felt for her life was so overwhelming, she misunderstood Sebastian’s purpose for coming here and accidentally blurted out, “Y-You’re here to rescue Sabrina, aren’t you? I’ll tell you her whereabouts! She’s at Building 13, Seaview Apartment, Room 601. She’s still alive!” 
Sebastian tilted his head slightly. This was obviously his sister they were talking about, yet he remained unfazed. For the first time, Tiffany noticed how his pair of alluring eyes were hollow and cold, devoid of any emotions. If eyes could kill, this would have been it. 
“Don’t make me repeat myself. Where is he?” 
There was a few seconds of silence. 
Bang! 
That mere second of hesitation cost Tiffany one of her legs. 
“Ahhhhh!” At this point, after receiving three gunshots, she was bawling her eyes out from the intense pain. “I’ll tell you! P-Please don’t shoot me anymore!” 
That third gunshot was the last straw before she caved in. She was mere child’s play in front of a lunatic like Sebastian. 
“My dad’s at…” 
Her sentence was interrupted by clueless Tyler, who entered the scene boisterously. “Tiffany! We did it! We finally did it!”
His appearance was like a god-sent for her as she started screaming desperately, “Tyler! Kill this lunatic!” 
Her only shred of hope was for this cousin of hers to be able to put up a fight against Sebastian. But, all it took was a few seconds before her dreams came crashing down as she saw Sebastian point the gun at Tyler in one swift motion. There was no time for the victim to even grapple with the situation. 
Bang! 
The bullet hit right between his brows. 
Poor Tyler was dead without even knowing why. 
“Arghhhhhhhhhhh!” It was just screaming after that as his motionless body broke Tiffany’s spirit completely. 
By the time Jonathan and his men arrived, the entire Jade Court was dyed with red like the aftermath of a massacre. Many of the housemaids, bodyguards, Tiffany, and Tyler were either heavily injured or dead. 
The situation would have been far worse if not for Devin’s father, Stephen, who had rushed over first to subdue Sebastian. 
“Sebastian, what the hell are you doing? Do you really want to die that much?” Jonathan was trembling with rage. He strode towards Sebastian, who was still under Stephen’s grasp and helped him up. 
Stephen knew what was on his father’s mind. Since the latter could not kill Sebastian in the past, he would not do so now either. Hence, he made sure to only immobilize Sebastian and not hurt him, allowing his father to decide for himself how to discipline this guy. 
Yet, Jonathan did nothing of that sort, surprising everyone. 
Sebastian replied, “You’re wrong. They’re the ones that are dead. Not me.”
“What’d you just say?” the old man’s anger was reaching a new peak as his face took on a hue of dark red. 
“You imbecile! I dare you to repeat that. I’ll have you know, I can get rid of you right here and now!” His murderous intent was clear as day as he took a gun from his adjutant. 
On the other hand, Sebastian remained unfazed at his threat. There was even a confident smug plastered on his still good-looking blood-splattered face. “Would you just stop it with those empty words? I know you won’t kill me. You’re not done redeeming your sins yet.” 
“You!” Jonathan was rendered speechless. 
Seeing how the situation was taking a bad turn, Stephen hurriedly stepped in. “Dad, calm down for a moment! Sebastian probably has his reasons for going on a rampage! I heard Sabrina’s kidnapping incident was planned by Tyler and Tiffany!” 
###Chapter 690
Chapter 690
“Wait. What?” Taken aback by this newfound information, Jonathan turned to face his son. 
Stephen nodded hastily. “I’m not making this up! One of the maids overheard Sebastian and Tiffany’s conversation and confessed to me. She even revealed Sabrina’s kidnapped location.” 
More so than anyone, Stephen would not lie about this. This wonderful piece of news could potentially clear his son, Devin, of his accusations. 
“Tiffany Jadeson! Is what Stephen said the truth? Has your family gone nuts to have done such a thing!” Jonathan bore his eyes on that half-dead woman lying on the ground. 
Tiffany, who had barely recovered some of her senses was back to ground zero. Jonathan’s confrontation drained off all the blood from her face. 
“N-No! Grandpa, please listen to my explanation…” 
“Explanation? Do you dare say you’re not involved in this? You sly brat, what I hate most is family members selling out one another, and you did just that! I can’t even phantom your future for you have displayed such viciousnesses at this age. The world will be much better off without you.” 
His words were no different from a death sentence. With her life at stake, her injuries would have to take a backseat. She gritted through the pain and crawled pitifully towards the head of the Jadeson family. 
“Grandpa, I know my mistakes! P-Please forgive me just this once! I beg you!” She kneeled in front of him while slamming her head repeatedly against the ground.
Tiffany’s mother too, kneeled down and begged for his forgiveness. “Uncle Jonathan, please forgive her just this once! Eric’s gone and Charles is still locked up. My foolish daughter was just trying to get revenge for her brother and father that she committed such a huge mistake.” She was hoping this approach would appeal to the old man’s emotions and weaken his resolve to kill Tiffany. 
Stephen on the other hand was infuriated. “What’d you say? Revenge? What revenge would involve Devin? My son’s all in this miserable plight because of your daughter!” 
“You…” 
He continued, “Besides, with Tyler dead now, you still dare beg for your daughter’s forgiveness? You should be more worried about what his dad will do to the both of you when he finds out.” 
His words were literally sending the mother-daughter pair to the grave. 
During that time, Jonathan had come to a decision. He ordered his men over. “Drag her to the military. We’ll let them decide her punishment.” 
That decision made no difference except prolonging her death. 
Once in the military, she would have no choice but to admit to planning everything, including the deaths of a few soldiers. Under military law, her crimes were punishable by death. In the end, it made no difference even if she were to be shot by Jonathan on the head now. 
Tiffany started wailing uncontrollably. “Please, no! I don’t want to be sent to the military! I don’t want to be executed!” 
But she was clearly not in any position to choose. Jonathan’s men came in as soon as he instructed and dragged her out of the Jade Court. Her horrific screams lingered even after some time. 
Meanwhile, Tiffany’s mother had collapsed from shock. None of her staff dared to go near her.
And finally, with the screaming gone, peace prevailed the Jade Court. Jonathan turned his attention back to Sebastian, staring at him viciously. “Are you happy now?” 
Besides the same deadpan expression, Jonathan received no answer from Sebastian. It was as if whatever just happened had nothing to do with him. 
After a few moments of silence, he started, “Why would I be satisfied? Where’s Charles? I haven’t seen him yet.” Even in this situation, he was still asking for his target. 
Jonathan erupted, “Why’re are you looking for him? Are you not done yet?” 
“Obviously. I’m not done until Charles is dead. Tell me his whereabouts, or I can’t guarantee something like today won’t happen again.” Sebastian made no effort to conceal his bloodlust towards Charles. To make matters worse, he had just calmly announced to everyone that he would continue his killing spree until his target was dead. 
Jonathan was seething with rage while everyone else was stupefied beyond words by Sebastian’s declaration. 
What the hell? 
Is he crazy? 
At this point, everyone was questioning his sanity. No one in their right mind would kill so many others just to get rid of a single man. 
To be more precise, he was a killing machine. Nothing about his emotionless and cold eyes was normal. 
Suddenly, Stephen sensed that something was amiss. At the same time, Jonathan had readied his gun. 
###Chapter 691
Chapter 691
“Hold on, Dad! There’s something wrong with him!” At the crucial moment, Stephen rushed over and stopped Jonathan. He told Jonathan to observe the young man’s expression and eyes. 
Jonathan was shocked. 
“You’d better kill me now. If not, I am going to kill Charles and you!” 
There was blood all over his hands, and sure enough, he did not seem to have any emotion. Instead, he spoke in an almost mechanical way. After which, his gaze fell on a gun not far away from him. 
At the sight of the gun, his cold eyes lit up, and there was a murderous look in his eyes. 
At that moment, he resembled a ferocious wolf who had laid eyes on his prey or a drug addict who got his coveted poison. Excitement and the thirst for blood burst out of his eyes at the sight of the gun. 
Jonathan was startled. 
He also noticed that there were wounds on the young man’s body. Furthermore, blood was seeping out from his feet. 
However, the young man was not affected. 
He stood there and stared at everyone around him with enmity. As far as he was concerned, he felt no pain at all. 
“Dad…” 
Jonathan closed his eyes. After a while, he put down his gun and said, “Find a way to knock him out.”
Stephen nodded. “All right. Where shall we send him to?” 
Jonathan paused before instructing, “Send him to the General Hospital first. Get Grayson to take a look at him.” With that, he left. 
Grayson was the director of the General Hospital. 
In the end, Sebastian was carried out and taken away to the hospital. 
Two hours later, Sabrina, who had been imprisoned in Building 13 of the Seaview Apartment, was rescued by Devin who had been reinstated. 
“Devin…” 
Sabrina, who had been severely beaten, burst out in tears uncontrollably when she saw Devin. 
He consoled her and then sent her to the hospital as well. 
Three days later, Jonathan went to the General Hospital. 
The moment he got there, he could see Grayson and a few other highly qualified neurology professors waiting for him. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, the result is out. I’m afraid it’s not good news.” 
Grayson knew Jonathan did not like to beat around the bush, so he got straight to the point. 
There was no change in Jonathan’s expression. 
However, his grip on his crutch tightened. 
“What’s the bad news?”
“According to our initial examinations, we suspect that your grandson has a rare genetic disorder, which causes mental disorders, also known as mental illnesses.” 
Grayson revealed the results cautiously. 
Mental illnesses were not something glorified. Moreover, Jonathan was from a powerful military family. 
“What did you say? Mental illness? Do you mean he has mental illness?” True enough, Jonathan became agitated when he heard the diagnosis. 
Grayson gestured for him to calm down. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, please don’t panic. This is a recessive illness. In another word, he functions like a normal human being as long as he isn’t being triggered. Such illness is actually pretty common, and lots of people have it.” 
“Really?” 
“Of course. It’s just that he has already been triggered. If my guess is correct, he suffers from multiple personality disorder.” 
Grayson solemnly delivered the final diagnosis. 
There was a deadly silence in the entire office. 
Multiple personality disorder? 
Multiple personality disorder? 
Jonathan could not believe what he was hearing.
However, when he recalled the first time he met Sebastian at the edge of the cliff along the highway and compared it to the behavior of Sebastian he saw three days ago at Jade Court, his expression changed. 
“I-I don’t understand. What disorder? He’s perfectly fine. How does it happen? How is it possible that he can become another person once he has been triggered?” 
“Yes, it’s possible. When a person suffers from multiple personality disorder, he will have several identities within him. Most sufferers only experience confusion and hallucinations of various forms. By the time the person has multiple identities, his condition is considered pretty serious. In most cases, the person would have experienced some kind of immense trauma in the past. That’s why he turns out this way.” 
Jonathan was rendered speechless. 
Deep down, he knew that it was true that Sebastian had experienced past trauma. 
“So, will he behave differently from before?” 
“Yes. Everything that the current personality can remember is what the core personality wants him to remember. Basically, he acts like a duplicate of a machine. He only remembers what is necessary and deletes the rest.” 
“For example?” 
“Like when you first sent him here, he mentioned something about killing someone. That must be a command from the core personality. All that remains in his mind are the people and memories related to that command. He cannot remember anything else.” 
Worried that Jonathan could not understand, Grayson took extra care in explaining the symptoms and causes of the illness.
In the end, Jonathan looked even more depressed. 
Command? 
So what is the command in his mind right now? 
To kill Charles? Or to kill me? Or all of the Jadesons? 
Jonathan was furious beyond words. 
However, all he could say was, “Find a way to cure him!” 
Then, he left. 
What if he cannot be cured? 
Do we destroy him? 
###Chapter 692
Chapter 692
Three days later, Sabrina finally recovered and was discharged. 
She arrived at the General Hospital and was allowed to visit Sebastian. 
“Ms. Hayes, please try to talk him around. Things have gotten to this extent. It will be better if he behaves himself. Otherwise, it will only hurt him,” advised Stephen. 
When Sabrina heard that, she clenched her fists. 
She had heard from Devin with regard to what happened at Jade Cour. In order to rescue her, Sebastian had shot Tiffany and also hurt several others in the process. 
But, I don’t understand why he said Sebastian is misbehaving. 
Sabrina was annoyed. 
However, she did not get into an argument with Stephen. Instead, she gave him a perfunctory response and went into the General Hospital. 
“Sebastian…” 
The moment she stepped into the hospital, she was taken to the wards. When she saw her brother, she wanted to rush in immediately. 
Unexpectedly, someone stopped her before she could push the door open. 
“Ms. Hayes, we need to perform a body search before we can let you in.” It was obvious they knew who she was.
“Body search?” 
Sabrina’s eyes widened in astonishment. 
What body search? 
What gives them the right to search me? I’m just here to visit my brother. He’s not a criminal. 
Sabrina glared at the two men sporting dark glasses and questioned them angrily, “What is going on? I’m only here to visit my brother. Why do I need to be searched? He’s here as a patient, not as a prisoner. Why are you doing this?” 
“Please cooperate with us!” 
There was no room for discussion. 
One of the men walked over to her and started searching. 
Sabrina exploded, “What are you doing? Don’t touch me! I’m warning you!” 
She was hopping mad and took a few steps back. 
This is too much. Now that Sebastian is part of the Jadesons, I actually need permission before I can see him. But, why do they have men standing guard outside his room? They even wanted to do a body search on me. 
What’s going on? 
Sabrina had a bad feeling about the situation. 
Just then, Devin arrived as well. When he saw what was going on, his face darkened.
“What the hell are you guys doing? Old Mr. Jadeson has allowed her to go in. Stop whatever you are doing right now!” 
“Yes, Mr. Jadeson.” 
It was only then the two men stopped searching Sabrina. 
Sabrina was still furious about what had happened. But, she walked straight into the room. 
To her surprise, the ward was very luxurious and spacious. It was also well equipped and did not look like a hospital ward. 
Rather, it looked more like a hotel room. 
“Sebastian?” 
After Sabrina finished looking around, she started looking for him. 
Finally, she saw her brother after three months. My dear brother. 
“Sebastian, it’s me, Sabrina.” For a moment, she could not control her emotions, and her eyes started to tear up as she hurried over to him. 
This was the first time she got so emotional after seeing him. 
Despite that, there was no reaction from Sebastian. 
He was dressed in a blue and white striped hospital gown and sitting casually at a table next to the window. There was a book in his hands, and when the sunlight fell on him, the entire scene looked surreal. 
Why is he ignoring me?
Did he not hear me? 
She looked at him and walked closer. “Sebastian, what are you doing? Can you hear me?” 
Sabrina was speaking as softly as possible. 
In truth, she hardly behaved like that in front of him. Growing up, the two of them never saw eye-to-eye and had always been bickering and fighting. To make matters worse, Sebastian was their father’s favorite. 
Hence, all along, they had never been closed. 
After what had happened in the past few years, things between them became worse. 
Yet now, here she was, speaking to him in such a gentle manner. 
Unfortunately, there was no response from him at all. His attention was still on the book, and he did not seem to notice her standing in front of him at all. 
Sabrina was stumped. 
Unable to take it anymore, she snatched the book from him and threw it on the table. 
“What are you doing?” 
It was only when his book was taken away that Sebastian reacted. 
He looked up unhappily at the person who had just barged into his world. 
“You asked me what I am doing? I am standing right in front of you and have been calling you, but there is no response from you at all. What? Now that you are part of the Jadesons, you don’t wish to talk to me anymore?”
Her words did not sound as nice as before. 
The Jadesons? 
The moment he heard the two words, his handsome face turned gloomy. 
“Do you still know them?” 
“What?” 
Sabrina was taken aback by the deadly look in his eyes, and she felt a chill down her spine. 
###Chapter 694
Chapter 694
Devin was at a loss for words. He did not have any courage to explain further and could only pull her out of the ward by force. 
Nevertheless, Sabrina struggled frantically till she shrugged him off. After that, she dashed toward Sebastian, who was still seated beside the window. 
After wiping her tears away, she crouched next to him. “Sebastian, look at me! I’m your sister! Look at me closely! It’s me, your sister. Do you remember that you are my younger brother?” She forced a smile and kept reminding him that she was his sister, and he was her brother. 
It suddenly struck her that they had never really been on good terms for almost three decades. 
Right that instant, Sabrina felt bitter as indecipherable mixed emotions crept into her heart. 
Oblivious to her words, Sebastian continued to fix his gaze on the book indifferently. 
Sabrina was speechless and glanced at his book instinctively. 
Pharmaceutical magazine? This is unbelievable, he is actually reading this type of magazine! Isn’t that the most common type of magazine available at any corner of the hospital? I can’t believe he has an interest in that now! Since when did his reading preference change? He used to read only books related to finance and general knowledge, didn’t he? 
Sabrina could barely breathe, and her heart ached as she saw him engaging himself in the magazine. 
“It’s about time. Let’s go before he becomes annoyed.” Devin urged her when he sensed that it was almost time.
Tears flowed down Sabrina’s cheek like streams. She left with Devin reluctantly after giving Sebastian a glance with her teary eyes. 
Sebastian, don’t worry. I will surely come to your rescue again. No matter what, I won’t let them torture you! 
After stepping out of the hospital, Sabrina did not talk to Devin along the way. 
Devin asked her hesitantly, “Do you need me to send you back to Avenport?” 
“No need!” As expected, she refused him right away. 
Devin pursed his lips without uttering any words. After the car pulled to a stop at the front steps of the hotel, he opened the door to get out. 
“Can I ask you a question?” Sabrina asked him all of a sudden. 
“Just go ahead,” Devin replied placidly. 
“What is his condition at the moment? How serious is that? Why can’t he recognize me? What are the Jadesons planning to do to him after this?” Sabrina choked up gradually as she voiced her doubts. 
Devin decided not to keep mum from her and straight away told her everything. 
“He could not take it after Sasha passed away and drifted into unconsciousness for three months. When he came to himself again, he was diagnosed with multiple personality disorder. You were actually talking to his secondary personality just now. He was also the one who committed the brutal act at Jade Court.” 
“What do you mean? Multiple personality disorder?” Sabrina was stupefied; blood drained from her face instantly.
Devin nodded and explained, “Yeah, that was why he could not recognize you just now. The doctor explained that this secondary personality only remembers the command given by the primary personality. Other than that, he could scarcely remember anything else.” 
As another wave of complex emotions surged from within Sabrina, her mind turned into mush. 
This is indeed what the Hayes fear the most for almost thirty years! Poor Sebastian is suffering from multiple personality disorder! 
“W-What is the command from his primary personality?” Sabrina stammered when she finally mustered up her courage to ask. As she was getting closer to the truth, her heart sank in despair and her blood ran cold. 
Devin furrowed his brows and replied, “His primary personality instructed him to seek revenge! Thus, his main target now is to kill my uncle, Charles Jadeson. He went to Jade Court because of that too.” 
“Anything else?” Sabrina asked again anxiously. 
“In order to avenge his mother and Sasha’s death, I fear that all the Jadesons will become his target,” Devin commented sorrowfully, aghast at the possibility. 
Pin-drop silence ensued in the car. 
If the only target for Sebastian’s current personality was to wipe off the Jadesons, Jonathan surely would not let that happen. He instructed his men to keep Sebastian alive till now because of his identity as Shin’s son. Even so, he would not think twice to give Sebastian up when it came to the safety of all the Jadesons. 
Therefore, there were only two possibilities for Sebastian. He would either have his multiple personality disorder completely cured or finished off! That was why he was held captive by them at the moment!
By the time an emotionally shaken Sabrina wobbled out from the airport of Avenport, she slumped onto the floor the moment she saw Karl. 
“Ms. Sabrina! Ms. Sabrina!” Karl darted toward her and held her up apprehensively. 
It was already two hours later when Sabrina was back in Hayes Residence. 
After cooling her head off, she was about to discuss with Karl how to rescue Sebastian from Jadeborough. 
“Ms. Sabrina, Mr. Solomon is here,” one of the housemaids notified Sabrina. 
“Why is he here? Is he that free, huh?” Sabrina grimaced impatiently when she heard about his name. She assigned the housemaid to chase him away at once. 
###Chapter 695
Chapter 695
Even so, Solomon had already stepped into the residence. 
With a hint of the usual indifference on his face, he pulled a chair casually and seated facing both of them. 
“Where did you go all this while?” Soloman asked Sabrina right away. 
“Where did I go?” Sabrina raised her brows and glared at him. “How ridiculous? Who are you to take control of me? Do you expect me to report to you wherever I go, huh?” 
It was obvious that she turned a blind eye to him as usual. 
Soloman, who was toying the cup on the table, stiffened. Boiling with anger, he almost lashed out at her. 
I’m taking control of her? 
No, he never had the intention to do that. He used to teach anyone who had provoked his ego a lesson by finishing them off without a second thought. Out of sight, out of mind. However, he could not do that at the moment. 
“I heard that something happened at the Jadeson Residence in Jadeborough three days ago. Devin Jadeson went to save a hostage from the abductors with his men but in vain. Apart from that, all his men were dead. Do you have any idea about this?” Solomon looked intently at Sabrina with an intimidating grimness on his face. 
Both Sabrina and Karl were flabbergasted. Sabrina glared at him and snarled, “Solomon George, how dare you stalk on me!”
“Do I need to do that? Sabrina Hayes, if not because Sebastian requested me to protect you by all means, and you also have the same… I won’t waste time keeping an eye on you!” He lashed out at her and smashed the cup on the floor to vent his anger. 
He almost blurted out the sentence and spilled the beans. Damn it! What a foolish woman! 
Sabrina froze on the spot. 
It never crossed her mind that the man in front of her would lose his temper and bellow at her. All this while, he was bottling up his emotions and never revealed his true colors in front of her. Regardless of how she used to humiliate and chide at him, he was cool and expressionless all the time. 
Hmph! So he has a temper too! 
Sabrina’s face turned crimson at once when she rebuked, “Do you have a sense of shame? How dare you still mention my brother? If not because of you and your mom, he won’t end up in such a pathetic state right now! Do you know how the Jadesons are torturing him at the moment? You are the culprit who landed him in deep water!” 
The man who was still rebuking moments ago was stunned and held his tongue. 
Is Sebastian still alive? I’m sure that he is! If I’m not mistaken, he was still unconscious at Jonathan’s place previously, wasn’t he? So he has regained consciousness and is in a pathetic state at the moment? 
Within a few seconds, countless questions started to crash into his mind like a series of never-ending waves. 
“What happened to him?” he asked hastily. 
Sabrina felt a prickle of fury again and mocked, “Don’t worry, he’s not dead yet. He’s fine!”
On the other hand, Karl contemplated for a while and made up his mind to tell him the truth. To him, Solomon might be a trustworthy person who could rescue Sebastian at the moment. 
“He’s already regained consciousness by the time Ms. Sabrina reached Jadeborough. Even so, he has fallen ill and is out of his mind at the moment. He has been held captive by Jonathan Jadeson ever since he killed Charles Jadeson’s daughter and Connor Jadeson’s son.” 
“What?” Karl’s words sent a chill down Solomon’s spines! 
He knew that Sebastian had been troubled by some kind of illness all this while. That was why he schemed to trigger his emotion in Empire State Tower so everyone would get to know about his mental illness. He intended to tarnish his reputation and have him ruined by the deadly whammy. 
Even though his ploy did not succeed, it never occurred to him that Sebastian would have an emotional breakdown in Jadeborough. 
“What was the reason?” he asked further. 
“Mr. Solomon, do you mean the reason which triggered Mr. Hayes’ illness?” It struck Karl at once, and he replied sorrowfully. 
“Mr. Solomon, don’t you understand? Do you think there’s any other reason apart from Mrs. Hayes’ death? He saw that with his own eyes at that very moment. In order to keep him alive, Mrs. Hayes had let go of his hand and sacrificed herself. He’s alive, but she was gone forever. Since then, his world had turned upside down. The urge to avenge her death is the only thing that keeps him going for the time being.” 
In a split second, the residence was shrouded by an inexplicable gloominess, resulting in utter melancholy in the air. None of them felt like breaking the silence in great sorrow. Deep down, their hearts
wrenched, nibbled by the indescribable grief. It was as though they could feel the tingle in their chests whenever they took their breaths. 
Instead of feeling thrilled, Solomon could not explain the inexplicit feelings in his heart. He could barely breathe as the feelings grew gradually, suffocating him. 
###Chapter 696
Chapter 696
Solomon left the Hayes residence and got into the car. 
“Mr. George, what are we supposed to do now? Are you going to rescue him?” the assistant who was driving asked warily. 
Soloman’s eyes were shut in weariness. 
Should I go and rescue him? How can I save him? Even Sebastian himself was unable to fight against such a prominent family in Jadeborough with Hayes Corporation before this. How can I take the risk to save him with it? 
After quite a while, an ashen-faced Solomon shook his head and instructed, “Get me a flight ticket to Jetroina. I will go over and have a look first.” 
“Noted, Mr. George,” the assistant replied respectfully and sped off. 
Solomon took the flight to Jetroina the night itself. After that, he headed straight to his Jetroinian bar in Terrandya of Jetroina. 
He had actually managed Hayes Corporation for a certain period. After Yancy fell sick and passed away in prison, it was back in possession of Yamada family again. 
Since he had operated his business for quite some time in Jetroina, he had managed to own quite a number of properties there. When he reached his Jetroinian bar, the waitress who received the news of his arrival earlier stepped out to welcome him at once. 
“Mr. Akiyama, you are back,” she greeted him respectfully with a pair of new clogs.
Solomon took off his suit and handed it to her. Next, he changed into the pair of clogs and asked, “Is Mr. Haruto here?” 
“He is on the way here and will reach here any time,” she replied gently and served him a pot of warm sake. 
After a few minutes, a Jetroinian man in glasses appeared with a faint smell of antiseptic. “Akiko, is Mr. Akiyama back?” he yelled out hastily. 
“Yeah, he’s back.” the waitress who welcomed Solomon a while ago emerged and greeted him with a smile. 
She turned out to be Akiko Sato, who just got back in her hometown. 
Hearing that, Haruto entered the room hurriedly. “Mr. Akiyama, you are finally here! I have waited for you for such a long time!” he greeted Solomon excitedly. Unexpectedly, there was even a glint from the tears welling up in his eyes. 
Solomon smiled and lifted the wine pot to pour him some sake. “Mr. Haruto, you seem to be looking forward to my arrival. Do you have any great news for me?” 
“Great news? There won’t be any great news if I’m the one waiting for you!” Haruto gulped down the sake in one mouthful and grumbled. 
In a split second, Soloman, who was seated opposite him, clenched his fingers tightly till his knuckles turned blue. “Mr. Haruto, what do you mean? You are deemed the best surgeon in Jetroina, aren’t you? I have traveled all the way here and even waited patiently for you. You shouldn’t just throw a wet blanket with devastating news!” 
Upon hearing his icy-cold tone, Haruto almost choked on his sake. Sensing that he had infuriated the man, he explained sheepishly, “Mr. Akiyama, please don’t get me wrong. I actually mean that I’m unable
to fulfill your previous request by enabling her to regain consciousness as soon as possible. Other than that, she’s doing fine. Her fractured bones are recovering at a satisfactory pace. Besides, her internal organs are also recuperating gradually.” 
“Why is she still unconscious?” Solomon asked in bafflement. 
“Mr. Akiyama, don’t you know how severely injured the patient was when I first met her? How is it possible for me to work my magic on her immediately? Do you know that I have carried out operations for her almost twenty times just to heal her internal organs? No joke about that! Imagine that, her organs were pierced through by fractured bones! Even if your computer is infected by a virus, you will certainly need time to fix and reformat it, isn’t it? What’s more, this is a fragile human body!” 
My goodness! This Jetroinian is really naggy. I have only asked him a simple question, yet he starts grumbling non-stop. See how he’s salivating as he grumbles! It’s really repulsive! Even so, he has a point undeniably. Even the reformatting and reassembling of a computer is tedious and time-consuming, not to mention, to treat a person who has comminuted fracture all over her body and sustained severe injuries on all her internal organs! 
In the end, Solomon decided to drop the subject and remain silent. After having some sake, he bought Haruto a meal before heading to the General Hospital with the highest medical standards with him. 
A woman was lying quietly in the intensive care unit with tubes connected to her entire body, and she was under intubation. Other than that, her face was covered in bandages. Nobody would be able to make out that she was a woman if not for her thick and curly eyelashes. 
“Overall, she is considered as recovering well. At least, she will still be alive even if we take off her ventilator now,” Haruto explained to Solomon tactfully, fearing that Solomon would misunderstand him for deceiving him. He could see that Soloman did not take his eyes off the woman ever since they stepped into the intensive care unit.
Soloman gulped at his words and was about to open his mouth. Even so, he continued to remain silent as he shifted his gaze from her face to her hand placed nicely aside. 
It should be her only body part that did not sustain any injuries. As requested by that person to save her life, by all means, it was the best he could do for her! 
###Chapter 697
Chapter 697
“Mr. Akiyama, although you managed to rush to her rescue in the nick of time, she had been sent flying from quite a distance away. In other words, there was no way she could make it out unscathed. She might not pull it through had it not been for me.” 
Standing next to the heavily injured patient on the bed, Haruto couldn’t resist the urge to claim the credits he thought he deserved. 
Solomon remained quiet throughout their conversation since he was aware the woman was on the verge of death over the past three months. 
There was no way she could pull herself without the aid of the Jetroinian next to him. 
It took him a few minutes to gather his thoughts. Seconds after he returned to his senses, he asked, “If that’s the case, when will she regain consciousness?” 
“I need another three months to ensure everything’s fine. It took me three months to work on her system. I need another three months to do something about her fractured bones. If worse comes to worst, I’ll have to resort to extreme countermeasures.” 
Solomon went dead silent when he caught a glimpse of Haruto staring at the dislocated limbs of the patient on the bed. 
Unable to withstand the prickling sensation he felt behind his eyes, he had to look elsewhere to stop himself from letting loose of his emotions. 
“Alright, just leave us alone for a few minutes. I wish to spend some time with her.” Shortly after he asked the foreigner to leave him alone, Solomon got himself a chair and took a seat next to the patient. 
Has she ever regretted any of her decisions? He’s the reason she’s currently unconscious! In fact, he’s the reason she has gone through all sorts of ups and downs in life! When will she ever learn her lessons? 
Holding her hands, he continued staring at the lifeless woman on the bed, muttering to himself, “What’s so great about him? Why have you put your life at stake more than once for him? Does it have something to do with your guilt?” 
He knew it was impossible for her to answer his question when she was merely alive if not for the equipment next to her. 
In the end, he stared at her in silence as if he couldn’t bear to leave her alone in the ward. 
A few minutes later, holding her hands, he leaned over and kissed her on the forehead to express the sort of affection he had for her. 
Truth be told, it was the first time he had the chance to do that. 
She had always been the one and only woman he had in mind ever since he was young. To be precise, he thought of resorting to extreme countermeasures just to get her into a relationship with him. 
Nonetheless, he had never once put his thoughts into action, making him different from the man she was head over heels in love with. 
Throughout the years, he had been a secret admirer of hers. On the contrary, the man she was head over heels in love had forced her into submission against her will for more than once.
Closing his eyes, he assured the unconscious woman, “Alright, as long as you regain consciousness, I’ll stop getting in your way and allow you to meet him in person! I’ll leave you to rot if you ever put your life at stake because of him again!” 
He started trembling against his will due to the heart-wrenching sensation he felt. Sitting next to the unconscious woman, torrents of grief streamed down his cheeks as he knew it was time for him to move on in life. 
… 
Once again, three months passed by in the blink of an eye. 
The Jadesons had been spending the past three months in fear because of the uncertainties in store for them. 
They were afraid that Sebastian would lose his mind and sneak his way out of the hospital to take them out, just like the time he murdered those in Jade Court. 
Therefore, it had been three exhausting months for all of them. 
Three months later, the doctor thought it wouldn’t be necessary to keep Sebastian confined anymore. 
“The patient’s condition has drastically improved. It’s time for him to return home. Otherwise, it’s going to take a toll on him if he continues staying here. If you’re willing to guide him along the way, I’m sure he’s going to be fine in no time.” 
The director of the hospital, Grayson, asked Jonathan to consult him in person prior to deciding the next best course of action for the patient. 
The patient with a hospital gown in the ward started sketching something under the tree outside of the ward and kept himself occupied.
It was already mid-summer in Jadeborough, but the patient did a great job focusing on sketching as if he couldn’t be bothered by the scorching sun out there. 
Upon a simple glimpse, Jonathan thought the patient could no longer pose any threat to him and his family. 
Thus, he nodded and beckoned Grayson to set Sebastian free. After spending the past three months in isolation, Sebastian was finally discharged from the hospital. 
Devin, who had figured out his grandfather’s decision, rushed to the hospital and asked, “Grandpa, where are you taking him with you?” 
###Chapter 698
Chapter 698
Jonathan glanced at his grandson and asked, “What do you think? Are you expecting me to take him home when everyone’s petrified by his presence?” 
Devin was at a loss for words because he had made up his mind to take care of Sebastian even if his parents were against the idea. 
As long as his grandfather wasn’t against the idea, he would definitely bring Sebastian back to his place with him. 
Nonetheless, his grandfather was against the idea and brought Sebastian back to Heron Hill with him as he thought Heron Hill was the best option available. 
However, as soon as they made their way back, the rest of the Jadesons instructed, “We need everyone on guard at the foothill to stop him from sneaking his way out without our consent!” 
They had dispatched countless platoons to be on the lookout against Sebastian because they were afraid Sebastian would make a scene and turn everyone’s life upside down again. 
In other words, no one could leave without the consent of the ones representing the family. 
Tony, the butler of the family, was infuriated when he found out the decisions of the rest of the Jadesons. He rushed his way to Jonathan’s side wanting to tell him the things going on. 
“Mr. Jadeson, they have-” 
“You’re staying here from now onwards! I want you to wake up at five sharp in the morning and ensure you’re ready by five-thirty! Join the rest and run five laps with the rest to start the day! Am I clear?”
Jonathan instructed at the top of his lungs as soon as he brought Sebastian to the log cabin on top of the hill. 
He started emanating a menacing aura, indicating he wanted Sebastian to join the platoon assigned to him on a daily basis. 
Sebastian stood right where he was, glaring at the man in front of him as if he wasn’t in his right mind. 
Jonathan glared at him in return and warned, “Stop glaring at me! Have I not made myself clear? You better listen to me since I have brought you back! If you fail to behave yourself, I’ll throw you out without a second thought!” 
Tony started perspiring at the entrance when he heard the duo’s conversation. It turned out Jonathan had long figured out the things the rest of the Jadesons were up to. 
Staring at the departing Jonathan, Tony was afraid he would take things out on Sebastian if he failed to listen to him. 
Therefore, he rushed over and remarked, “Mr. Sebastian, you need to stop getting on his nerves when he’s merely trying to do you a favor for the sake of your health! On top of that, he has gotten used to training others! It’s just one of his many habits!” 
A few seconds later, Sebastian responded with a snort and stomped his way back to his room, banging the door open. 
Tony was at a loss for words in fear of the turbulent life ahead of him. 
As soon as the sun rose, someone blew the whistle with all his might, rousing Sebastian from his sleep when he had no intention to start his day just yet.
Seconds after the whistle was a man yelling at the top of his lungs, “It’s time to wake up! If anyone’s late, they’ll have to do fifty push-ups!” 
Sebastian’s frustration was written all over his scrunched-up face because he had a hard time falling asleep last night. 
It had been a long time since he had a great night. To make things worse, the moment he fell asleep, he was roused from his sleep by a bunch of men. 
Sebastian stuffed his ears with cotton balls and tried to bring himself back to sleep again. 
When he was nowhere to be seen in the field after fifteen minutes, the platoon leader knew it was time to barge into Sebastian’s room. 
“Drag him out of bed and make sure he’s awake!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Two members of the platoon marched in the direction of Sebastian’s log cabin. 
Sebastian was unaware of the things awaiting him. He wasn’t even aware someone had barged into his room. 
By the time he noticed something was wrong, two silhouettes had closed in. 
Sebastian was no longer in the mood to sleep. He yelled, “It’s so irritating!” 
He could barely suppress the murderous intent he felt ever since he was diagnosed with multiple personality disorder. 
Unable to suppress the urge to take out those around him, he launched powerful kicks in their directions.
To his surprise, they were a match for him in terms of combat skills. The duo could easily dodge his seemingly powerful kicks. 
In return, they grasped his legs to stop him from going berserk. 
I guess they’re not wimps since that senile old fool has sent them, huh? 
Sebastian knew it would be tough to outmatch them. Thus, he evaded their attacks and got himself ready for the time to strike against them again. 
His heart sank to the bottom of his stomach when one of them launched a powerful kick in his direction and rendered him incapable of motion on the bed. 
They seemed to have successfully anticipated the things Sebastian had in mind due to the experience they gained from the battlefield. 
“Mr. Sebastian, why don’t you come with us instead of trying anything silly? Otherwise, your grandfather is going to take things out on you for not disciplining yourself!” 
Jonathan Jadeson, you’re such a jerk! 
###Chapter 699
Chapter 699
By the time Jonathan woke up, Sebastian was on the verge of passing out due to the exhaustive training regimes he had to endure. 
Although he had his fair share of combat training back in the day, those were nothing as compared to the intensive training the militants had to go through on a daily basis. 
As a corporate player, he spent most of his time in his office, perusing countless types of documents to ensure the running of the company. 
In other words, there was no way he could get used to the training regimes of the militants in such a short span of time. 
Sebastian was completely drenched in sweat after the hectic session. He lay on the ground and insisted on taking a break. 
The platoon leader rushed to his side and ordered, “Hurry up and bring yourself up! We still have ten laps to go!” 
Sebastian got himself ready for the worst and asked, “Why don’t you just take me out?” 
The platoon leader was rendered speechless by his reply. It was then Jonathan showed up and asked, “How many laps have it been?” 
“Twenty!” 
“What about the rest of the training regimes?”
“A total of fifty push-ups, thirty minutes of plank, and fifteen sets of burpee!” the platoon leader reported on Sebastian’s progress when he heard Jonathan’s question. 
Truth be told, it was considered an impressive feat for an ordinary man. The platoon leader thought the frail-looking young man might not make it through half of the training regime he had devised. 
However, Sebastian had accomplished most of the training regimes apart from the thirty laps of run around the field. 
Jonathan beckoned the platoon leader to bring the rest of the platoon away with him and leave them alone. He wasn’t particularly irked since he was of the same idea as the platoon leader. 
He marched in the direction of Sebastian and remarked, “Can’t you even keep up with an ordinary training regime? What the heck is wrong with Frederick? Has he not taught you the proper way to work out?” 
Sebastian brought himself up and yelled, “You are in no position to pick on him!” 
Glaring at the man in front of him, he started emanating an intimidating presence, indicating he had been holding a strong grudge against the man. 
Jonathan couldn’t stand a youngster asserting dominance over him. In spite of being on the verge of losing his cool, he suppressed the urge to go berserk. 
“Since you’re done, just go ahead and finish your breakfast. I have another mission for you once you finish your breakfast.” 
Jonathan marched his way through the woods early in the morning. Sebastian thought he had been seeing things and thought the man resembled an honorable figure.
I’m pretty sure it’s my mind messing with me again! There’s no way a murderer is regarded as an honorable man! 
The news of Sebastian having a rough morning and being tortured by Jonathan made it to the rest of the Jadesons within a few hours. 
The vicious bunch couldn’t help but gloat over Sebastian’s misfortune when they found out he almost passed out as a result of the harsh training regimes. 
Heaving a long sigh of relief, Colton, Charles’ brother, asked with his chest held high, “If that’s the case, is it safe to assume we don’t have to be afraid anymore?” 
As the youngest amongst his peers, he thought of taking it easy since there wasn’t anything serious going on at the moment. 
The moment he finished his question, someone shrieked and queried, “Are you serious? Aren’t you aware that the maniac has taken those at Jade Court out in one night? How are we supposed to let our guards down against him?” 
A woman started weeping shortly after she finished her questions. She was none other than Jocelyn, Tiffany’s mother, the mistress of Jade Court. 
The Jadesons were equally outrageous when they recalled how Connor’s son had passed because of Sebastian. 
Connor’s wife added, “There’s no way we’re letting him off the hook when he’s a shame of the family! We need to take him out as soon as possible for the sake of the family!” 
“She’s right! We need to kill him for the sake of the family!”
“I’m of the same idea since we can’t be sure if he’s going to go berserk and take things out on us! It’s better to be safe than sorry! We need to take him out!” 
It was the first time in forever the Jadesons were of the same idea instead of picking on one another for their respective hidden agenda. 
They thought it was time to take Sebastian out once and for all for the sake of the family. 
Connor, who had remained silent throughout the session, responded with a smirk since he was the only one in charge when Charles wasn’t around to lead them. 
He knew the rest of his siblings were more of followers and not much of leaders. Thus, it was evident they would listen to him and the plan he had in mind. 
“Alright, since everyone is of the same idea, shall we discuss our next best course of action?” 
“Sure! Since Charles isn’t around, you’re the only one we can count on! As of now, we’re not even sure if your niece can make it back to join us or not!” 
Charles’s wife, Jocelyn, made herself clear she was of the same idea since she was in desperate need of others’ aid to do her a favor. 
Thus, the rest of the members in the room indicated they weren’t against the idea. 
Connor shared the vicious plan he had in mind with the rest. “We’ll carry out the plan on the sixteenth since Uncle Jonathan will be making his way to the White House.” 
“You’re right! He will be away on the sixteenth!” 
The rest in the room were thrilled when they heard the seemingly brilliant plan. 
###Chapter 700
Chapter 700
After much considerations, Colton brought up something that made him the odd one out. “Are you sure your plan is going to work? If he’s not around, I’m sure he’s going to send someone to keep an eye on him!” 
Jocelyn interrupted her brother-in-law and reprimanded, “Isn’t it obvious? I’m sure your brother has taken that into consideration as well!” 
They wrapped up the conversation and thought it was about time to dismiss. The vicious bunch couldn’t wait until the sixteenth to execute the plan to kill Sebastian. 
Connor had long thought of the way to sneak up the hill as long as Jonathan wasn’t around. At the end of the day, he was a member of the Jadesons—it wasn’t much of a trouble for him to send a few of his trusted aides to carry out the task. 
An accident took them by surprise on the sixteenth, forcing them to put their plan on hold for the time being. 
“What the hell? Come again? Who the hell has passed on?” 
A young soldier showed up at Jade Court early in the morning. As soon as he saw Jocelyn, he announced, “I’m so sorry for your loss, but you need to calm down! I have made my way here as soon as I heard the bad news from my comrades! They said he had passed on due to health complications!” 
Jocelyn was on the verge of losing her mind because of the bad news of her husband’s demise. 
She yelled hysterically, expressing her disbelief, “What do you mean by out of the blue? Charles has been fine all this while! He’s not even fifty years old! There’s no way he’s dead due to some sort of health complications!” 
Indeed, it seemed too much to be a mere accident when Charles was in his prime. 
Unfortunately, the fact remained he had passed on due to unverified causes. 
When he was about to be set free on the sixteenth, he passed on in the isolation cell just a few hours prior to regaining freedom. 
Jocelyn passed out due to the bad news that came out of nowhere. Similarly, Connor couldn’t care less about taking Sebastian out anymore. 
He made his way to the military base as soon as he heard the bad news of his brother’s demise. Immediately after he reached the base, he saw his brother’s stiffened corpse. 
Those affiliated with the army expressed their condolences when they saw Connor, “Our utmost condolence, Captain! We have tried out best to bring him back to life, but things had long gotten to the point of no return the moment we found him!” 
What could possibly go wrong when he was isolated from others in his cell? I’m afraid this is not a mere accident! There’s no way he has passed on due to myocardial infarction! 
Unable to gather his thoughts, Connor’s legs turned to jelly at the presence of his brother’s stiffened corpse. 
“N-No! I’m sure my father has been murdered by that maniac! There’s no way he would die a natural death!”
All of a sudden, Tiffany, who had been granted to pay respect to her late father, started wailing hysterically when she saw her father’s corpse. 
The ones escorting her to the morgue had to stop her from going berserk and making a scene there. 
“Tiffany, you better behave yourself, and don’t forget you have been sentenced to death!” 
“N-No! Get someone to carry out an autopsy on him! I’m sure he hasn’t died a natural death! He’s not even sick! There’s no way he has passed on due to health complications!” 
The woman got down on her knees in front of the duo escorting her to the morgue just to figure out the reason for her father’s death. 
The duo was rendered speechless, but Connor was of the same idea when he heard his niece. He added, “Can we carry out an autopsy to find out his actual cause of death? As ridiculous as it might be, we need to know the truth!” 
Those in charge escalated the issues to their higher-ups since the next of kin of the deceased had made a request to carry out an autopsy. 
In the end, they acquired the permission to carry on and found out colors had long drained from Charles’ heart. 
It seemed as if someone had strangled him to death, undergoing a serious lack of oxygen at the last moment of his life. 
The coroner in charge was utterly dumbfounded as he couldn’t determine the actual cause of death, but he was certain the deceased hadn’t died a natural death. 
On the other hand, Tiffany started yelling again, “See! My father has been murdered! I’m pretty sure it’s Sebastian again! There’s no way I’m letting you off the hook, you bast*rd!”
It was already late in the evening by the time Jonathan, who had made his way to White House, heard the bad news. 
Most of his peers in the army had heard of the accident and started engaging themselves in a heated discussion. 
“I heard the young Jadesons has killed his uncle!” 
“I have heard the rumors as well! It’s unbelievable! Isn’t Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson still in isolation? How has the young man found him?” 
“To be honest, I’m equally confused!” 
“Maybe he has sneaked his way to the military base! I mean, I have heard of him taking out Eric and Tyler! Speaking of which, he was the one who has thrown Tiffany behind bars!” 
“Are you serious?” 
Sebastian had made a name out of himself amongst those within the ranks in ten minutes as they were utterly horrified by his capabilities. 
Similarly, the incident had put the Jadesons to shame. There seemed to be no end to the ongoing internal conflicts of the family. 
Jonathan was irritated when he returned to the military base. Things were chaotic as Charles’ corpse was still left unattended merely because of the confusion. 
###Chapter 701
Chapter 701
“Grandpa!” 
Slap! 
To everyone’s surprise, the infuriated Jonathan slapped Tiffany in the face, confusing those in the morgue, including Tiffany. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, what are you-” 
“I’m so sorry, everyone! She’s merely making things up and accusing others! I hope none of you are taking her seriously!” 
They thought they had been hearing things because the honorable man dismissed everything Tiffany brought up as soon as he showed up. 
Covering her swollen cheek, Tiffany repeated herself at the top of her lungs, “I’m not making things up! It’s the truth-” 
Unable to suppress his wrath anymore, Jonathan yelled at the young woman in the face, “What the hell do you mean it’s the truth? You don’t think others can easily infiltrate the military base, do you? Are you indicating he’s capable of teleporting to your father’s cell?” 
He regretted doing her a favor and stopping others from taking her out. The thought of taking her out crossed his mind again. In fact, he wouldn’t hesitate to do so if he had a gun with him. 
This fool is trying to bring upon the family’s undoing again!
Along with the onlookers, Tiffany was stunned due to Jonathan’s seemingly harsh remarks. 
“Actually, it doesn’t make any sense since we’re in a heavily-guarded military base!” 
“She had misled us into believing those were the truth! It doesn’t really sound convincing upon another thought! Otherwise, we can’t pride ourselves as one of the most impregnable bases anymore!” 
“She’s the one misleading everyone by playing with our emotions!” 
It was then the onlookers returned to their senses and thought something was wrong with them. 
They started picking on Tiffany, but those were merely one of Jonathan’s many tricks to assert influence and dominance over them in order to protect his family. 
He had his fair share of doubts and couldn’t figure out the actual cause of Charles’ death. Nonetheless, he couldn’t allow Tiffany to make a scene and accuse Sebastian. 
Otherwise, the Jadesons’ image would be tarnished again. On top of that, those affiliated with the White House had long thought of getting rid of the Jadesons. 
If things were to spiral out of control, Alfred would make something up and weaken the power of the Jadesons. 
Therefore, Jonathan knew he had to assure those affiliated with the army it wasn’t a big deal. 
Shortly after gathering their thoughts, the spokesperson of the army announced Charles had passed on due to health complications. 
The saga was finally brought to an abrupt halt as the spokesperson warned the rest to stop spreading baseless accusations.
Once Jonathan made his way back with Charles’ corpse, he acquired the aid of a renowned forensic specialist to carry on with the autopsy. 
The forensic specialist announced, “Sir, the deceased hasn’t died a natural death—it was a homicide. The murderer made use of something to reduce the oxygen level and drove the deceased to his death through organ failure.” 
Overwhelmed by the actual cause of Charles’ death, Jonathan felt lightheaded in spite of foreseeing the outcome ever since quite some time ago. 
In the end, he suppressed his wrath and asked, “What sort of thing are we talking about?” 
Upon another glance, the forensic specialist announced, “I’m not so sure at the moment, but it’s safe to assume that it’s some sort of chemical substance. I need to carry out a series of tests to figure out the combinations of chemicals used.” 
Jonathan went dead silent as he knew there was nothing else the forensic specialist could tell him. 
Shortly after their meeting, he made his way back to Heron Hill. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was in the middle of another drawing session at the bottom of a tree. 
He was no longer the same after he was diagnosed with a multiple personality disorder. He could no longer enjoy the things his usual self used to indulge in. 
Similarly, he started indulging himself in things his usual self wouldn’t appreciate such as drawing. 
Sasha and Sabrina had never seen him drawn, but he did a great job capturing the essence of the figures.
After spending a few hours working on the portrait of a woman, he had successfully encapsulated the woman’s features, including her figures and facial features. 
He continued indulging himself in finishing the portrait of the woman, but someone showed up out of nowhere and ruined the masterpiece he had been working on for a few hours with a bullet. 
Bam! 
“Who is it?” 
The man morphed into a frustrated beast within a few seconds. The strong intent to take out the person interrupting him was written all over his face. 
When he was about to turn around to confront the person assaulting him, the mysterious figure fired another shot at his hand. 
Bam! 
Subsequently, blood gushed out of Sebastian’s wound. Unable to withstand the racking sensation, his hand drooped over his shoulder. 
When Sebastian was on the verge of passing out, Jonathan remarked, “It turns out you can still feel the pain, huh? What about the time you take out others without a second thought? I’m impressed, Sebastian! I can’t believe you’re able to sneak your way into the isolation cell in the military base!” 
Jonathan marched in the direction of his grandson. He couldn’t suppress the strong murderous intent against Sebastian anymore. 
When Sebastian heard Jonathan, he turned around and responded with a vicious smirk as if he had been anticipating his so-called grandfather. 
###Chapter 702
Chapter 702
“It turns out you’re aware of the things that are going on, huh? I guess you’re not that foolish after all! At least you’re faster than I have anticipated!” 
“Y-You—” 
Jonathan couldn’t even finish his sentence as he could barely catch his breath. He sprinted in the direction of the young man and pointed the gun to his head. 
“I’ll take you out immediately!” 
The young man wasn’t intimidated at all. Instead, he challenged Jonathan with a scowl and urged, “Go ahead and give it a try!” 
Ironically, the confrontation occurred on a great day perfect for a family day out. 
Jonathan’s eyes widened in disbelief. He pulled the trigger without a second thought but hesitated when he caught a glimpse of Sebastian’s face. 
Out of nowhere, another familiar image showed up in his mind. In the end, he couldn’t differentiate if he had been seeing things again. 
“Dad, if you think I’m the one at fault, why don’t you kill me? Go ahead and fire a shot to take me out!” 
The man in his mind mentioned something similar and told him to take him out without any hesitation. 
As a result, Jonathan’s hand started trembling against his will.
Jonathan had always been proud of Shin because he had always been exceptional ever since he was young. Most importantly, Shin had inherited the great qualities of Jonathan as an army. 
Therefore, Jonathan had high hopes for Shin and thought his son would be the successor of the family in the future. 
Shin did a great job living up to his father’s expectations. He was enlisted at the age of eighteen. Two years later, he was assigned to lead a platoon to go on a mission. His exceptional son was highly regarded by authorities from all around the globe. As a matter of fact, Shin was a recipient of a few highly accorded awards and recognition. 
However, a woman from Avenport had turned the life of the pride of the nation upside down back in the day. 
He was head over heels in love with Frederick’s sister-in-law after making his way back from Avenport. 
Shin, who had never defied his father’s instructions, rebelled against him for the first time in life—he smuggled the household register and got married with the woman in Avenport. 
Truth be told, Jonathan could no longer recall the things he had in mind when he found out Shin had rebelled against him for the first time. 
He couldn’t even recall the sort of decisions he made to take Shin into custody. How he was tied up like a beast and presented in front of the man. 
It was then Shin glared at Jonathan and yelled, “If you think I’m the one at fault, why don’t you kill me? Go ahead and give me a shot to take me out!” 
Jonathan’s hands trembled against his will. In the end, he just couldn’t bring himself to fire the shot.
Trying his best to keep his emotions to himself, Jonathan gasped out his question, “What else do you want after taking out so many people over the past few weeks? Are you going to take out all of the Jadesons?” 
Sebastian turned around and stared at his so-called grandfather in the eyes, asking sarcastically, “What do you think? After taking out the members of the Hayes, you don’t think they get to deny their responsibilities, do you?” 
“You have freaking killed Eric and Tyler!” 
“What about it? Is that enough to compensate for my loss and my parents’ demise? What about Sasha, Shawn, Karl and the men I brought with me?” “Am I supposed to turn a blind eye when most of my close acquaintances are dead? You don’t think two of the Jadesons’ lives are enough to atone for their sins, do you?” “What makes you think it’s fair? Is it because they’re born superior to the rest? Is it because they’re members of the Jadesons? Answer me!” Sebastian finally let loose of his emotions and yelled at Jonathan without holding back. 
Glaring at the man in front of him, he enunciated his every word sarcastically, indicating he had no intention to let them off the hook just yet. 
Standing in front of the injured young man, Jonathan was startled because he was at a loss for words to defend himself. 
He thought it was very shameless and selfish of him to stop Sebastian when he had lost more than half of the people he cared about the most in life. 
An eye for an eye had always been the mantra of most people. However, in an attempt to defend his family member, he merely threw Charles into an isolation cell after his nephew murdered countless innocent people.
Jonathan couldn’t think of anything to prove Sebastian wrong because the thought of ensuring justice was served to the innocent ones had never crossed his mind. 
Upon another peek at Jonathan, Sebastian burst out laughing and asked, “What’s wrong? Are you at a loss for words because I’m spot on again? Have you finally figured out you’re just a selfish man?” 
“Sebastian Hayes!” 
Jonathan was on the verge of going berserk again. He yelled, “I won’t deny I have neglected others’ aspects, but do you really think you’re better than me? Apart from taking out Charles to avenge the Hayes, you have escalated the issue to a national level! Are you aware of the consequences of your actions? Are you trying to drag others to hell to keep the deceased members of the Hayes company?” 
Sebastian’s goal had always been stirring things up between the White House and the Jadesons. In short, Charles’ demise was merely a trivial aspect of his ambitious plan. 
It would soon turn into a showdown between a supreme ruler and a family asserting influences over the army of the nation. 
Thus, it would be tough to foresee the outcome of the showdown. Nonetheless, things would be chaotic for sure. Countless innocent people would be sacrificed as a result of the showdown. 
###Chapter 703
Chapter 703
Jonathan was utterly horrified by the presence of the young man in front of him. Sebastian wasn’t even thirty-year-old, but he was capable of manipulating others into dancing to his tune. On top of that, the thing horrifying him the most was the fact he couldn’t figure out the way Sebastian had taken Charles out without others being aware. 
Shin isn’t even a match for his son when it comes to plotting against his foes! If I can’t cultivate his talent for a greater cause, I need to take him out for the sake of the nation! 
Sebastian went dead silent, looking at Jonathan in the eyes, indicating his speculations were spot on. 
Consequently, Jonathan’s face scrunched up in angst. The enraged man pulled the trigger and asked, “Are you going to admit you’re the one at fault or not?” 
Jonathan fired another shot at Sebastian’s arm since his grandson had the guts to challenge his authority. 
Subsequently, Sebastian staggered and took another few steps back. His face turned pale and haggard, but he wasn’t apologetic at all. 
“N-No!” 
Bam! 
Sebastian couldn’t take it anymore since Jonathan had fired a shot at his leg. He got down on his knee as a result of the racking sensation coming from his injured leg. 
Jonathan could no longer keep his emotions in check. He yelled, “Are you going to admit your fault?”
His effort was to no avail as Sebastian had no intention to grovel himself at his mercy at all. 
After puking a mouthful of blood, the man with a haggard look raised his head and pulled a face at Jonathan. 
“You don’t have to waste your bullets and your time! Just put a bullet through my head if you wish to keep the rest of the Jadesons safe! Otherwise, I’ll continue stirring things up as long as I’m alive! I won’t stop until I get rid of the entire family!” 
Jonathan knew it was time to stop getting his hopes high because Sebastian had morphed into a bloodlust beast. 
Staring at his grandson, he took aim at his head and announced, “Alright, I’ll do you a favor and send you to hell!” 
Bam! 
“What do you think you’re doing! Stop it!” a woman shrieked a few seconds before the shot was fired. 
A few seconds later, Jonathan could feel someone pushing him with all her might and changed the trajectory of the shot meant to take out his grandson in the nick of time. 
Who is this? 
His mind was all over the place as the bullet ended up in the middle of the air. 
A commotion came from the woods as animals inhabiting the forest started fleeing because of the shot. 
Who is this woman? Why has she gotten in my way? How dare she try to get in my way? 
Shortly after he returned to his senses, Jonathan glared at the woman because she had ruined his plan to kill his grandson.
On the other hand, the woman couldn’t care less and rushed in the direction of the heavily injured man. 
“Sebastian! Wake up! Stay with me!” she wailed at the top of her lungs as if she was afraid of losing the man she deemed important in her life. 
As a result, her voice started quivering against her will. In the end, she held the heavily injured Sebastian in her arms and stopped him from falling to the ground seconds before he passed out. 
She started weeping next to him, but he couldn’t pull himself together anymore. After enduring the prolonged confrontation, he had no strength to defy the pent-up fatigue any longer. 
“Sebby!” 
When he heard a familiar voice addressing him in an intimate manner, he couldn’t help but wonder if the woman he held dear in mind had finally returned to him. 
As much as he wished to hold the woman next to him, he couldn’t because he had lost control over his heavily injured arms. 
In the end, he closed his eyes and passed out in the arms of the woman he thought he once held dear in mind. 
Is this Sasha? I miss you so much, Sasha! 
Jonathan couldn’t believe a woman had the guts to challenge his authority and rush to the rescue of someone he was about to kill. 
When he was about to march in the direction of the fearless woman, someone showed up behind him and asked, “What do you think you’re doing? Aren’t you supposed to be taking care of the patient? Why have you started a fight with him?”
Jonathan turned around and paused the moment he saw the man behind him. He asked, “Grayson? What brings you here today?” 
The person behind Jonathan was none other than the director of General Hospital, Grayson. 
Grayson tapped on Jonathan’s shoulder when he saw the frustrated man with a gun in his hand. It was evident Jonathan had yet to regain his composure. 
“Your grandson, Devin, was the one who had gotten me over to check on his dearest cousin. He told me Sebastian had been having it tough. So this is what happened? You’re not going to kill your grandson, are you?” 
Grayson, who was one of the mere few capable of pulling the almighty Jonathan’s leg without bearing serious consequences, disguised his question with a half-witted joke. 
The duo used to be brothers in arms back in the day. Jonathan was one of the pioneers on the battlefield while Grayson was the best paramedic available. 
When Jonathan heard his comrade’s rhetorical question, he finally returned to his senses. 
The moment he found out the woman had been trying to save the man next to him, his face scrunched up in irritation again. 
###Chapter 704
Chapter 704
“Stop saving him!” 
The woman paid no heed to the man’s instruction and continued checking on the heavily injured man’s condition. 
She turned around and gasped out her suggestion in a hoarse voice, “Dr. Wallen, we need to rush him to the hospital as soon as possible!” 
Jonathan stopped Grayson from rushing to Sebastian’s side. He asked, “What do you think you’re doing? Have I not made myself clear?” 
Irked, Grayson glared at Jonathan in the eyes and asked in a callous tone, “Jonathan! Are you sure you’re not going to regret your decision? Aren’t you aware he’s the sole successor of your beloved son? If he’s dead, it’s over for Shin!” 
Jonathan gaped at his comrade’s question because he was also against the idea of killing Sebastian. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have confronted Sebastian and tried to force him into submission. 
Nonetheless, he thought it was over for his heartless grandson. Instead of keeping him safe, he thought of taking him out for the sake of his family. 
“Jonathan, did I not make it clear that he’s no longer the same? The things he has done don’t represent his current self anymore! In other words, I hope you won’t regret your decision of killing him in the future!” 
Grayson’s statement had gotten the better of Jonathan again. 
Jonathan clenched his fists and stopped getting in Grayson’s way after a few seconds.
Grayson catapulted in the direction of the duo and rushed the heavily injured man to the hospital. 
Jonathan joined them and went to the hospital. To his surprise, the assistant of Grayson seemed to be holding a grudge against him. 
“Dr. West, can you get Dr. Wallen another few packs of blood?” 
“Alright, I’ll get going immediately!” 
The assistant made her way to the blood bank to retrieve another few packs of blood for Grayson, neglecting Jonathan, who was seated in the corridor. 
Since when has Grayson hired such an arrogant assistant? 
Jonathan was irked by the response of Grayson’s assistance. He started sizing her up and noticed something odd about her. 
She seemed to be just another skinny woman, but she couldn’t even walk properly. It seemed as if something was wrong with her legs. 
On top of that, he couldn’t get used to her hair since it seemed way too neat to be real. He even thought the assistant had put on a wig. 
Where is this woman from? 
Shortly after Devin heard the news, he rushed to the hospital. 
Two hours later, Grayson finally marched out of the operating theater. 
Devin sprang up from his seat and asked the moment he saw Sebastian on the gurney, “Doctor, is Sebastian fine?”
Grayson removed his mask and assured the young man, “Thankfully, the bullets weren’t fired at his vital organs. We have removed the bullets from his limbs.” 
Halfway through his orated speech, Grayson glanced at Jonathan and announced, “He’ll be fine in no time as long as he has adequate rest.” 
When Jonathan figured out the things his comrade had in mind, he turned around and looked elsewhere to avoid embarrassing himself. 
“Are you serious? I’m just glad he’s fine! Thank you so much!” Devin, who wasn’t aware of the reason Sebastian was heavily injured, expressed his gratitude. 
He then brought Sebastian to his ward with the nurse and Grayson’s assistant. 
Unable to keep his curiosity in check, Jonathan stopped Grayson from making his way back to his office and asked, “Since when have you gotten yourself another assistant? Where is this assistant of yours from?” 
Grayson brought himself to a halt and answered, “Are you talking about Macy? This apprentice of mine took some time off to further her study in the field of TCM for quite a long time before this.” 
After pausing for a few seconds, he started pulling his friend’s and asked, “Are you interested in her? Speaking of which, since she’s an exceptional TCM practitioner, I have thought of assigning her to take care of Sebastian.” 
When he brought up the suggestion of placing Sebastian in the care of his assistant, Jonathan asked with his face puckered, “Are you sure that rookie over there is capable of taking care of him?” 
Grayson announced with his chest held high, “You need to stop underestimating her because she’s quite a capable one. In fact, she ran into Trevor during her studies. I’m sure you’ve heard of Trevor Rocke,
haven’t you?” 
As Jonathan remained silent, Grayson explained, “He’s the renowned psychologist of the nation and the owner of an influential pharmaceutical company abroad. As one of his mentees, I’m sure you can definitely entrust your grandson with Macy.” 
In order to persuade Jonathan, Grayson had to introduce the background and the famous mentor his assistant was affiliated with. 
Who the heck is Trevor Rocke? I have no idea if he’s an impressive figure, but I guess I’ll give it a try since he insists she’s the best! 
###Chapter 705
Chapter 705
“Alright, I’ll just give it a try and get someone else to take over if she’s not cut for the job!” 
“No problem!” Grayson agreed with a bright grin and showed Jonathan the way to his office for a cup of coffee. 
On the other end of the hospital, shortly after they settled down in the ward, Devin found out he had never seen the assistant of Grayson. 
Thus, he ended up staring at the mysterious woman with short hair and a face mask in front of him. He asked, “May I know who this lady is over here?” 
“Mr. Jadeson, this is Dr. West; Macy West, the director’s assistant!” the nurse introduced them to one another when she heard Devin’s question, 
Macy? She has such an adorable name! 
Devin greeted the mysterious assistant with a nod, “Hello, Dr. West! My name is Devin! Are you the one in charge of taking care of my cousin over here?” 
Instead of striking up a conversation, the assistant continued installing the solution for the patient’s intravenous therapy and nodded in return. 
Afraid of getting in her way, Devin stood aside in silence and saw the woman with long eyelashes. Intrigued by the gorgeous feature of hers, he couldn’t help but wonder if she had an equally gorgeous look behind the face mask.
As soon as the nurse had the fluid installed, the occupied nurse asked, “Dr. West, is there anything else you need?” 
Macy raised her head and looked in the direction of the questioning nurse. Nonetheless, Devin couldn’t get a glimpse of her look due to the mask. 
With that being said, he was stunned the moment he saw her glistering pair of eyes. 
“You can leave the rest to me and tend to the things you have on your schedule,” Macy assured the nurse she would be fine and retrieved the prescription list on the nightstand. 
Devin was quite speechless because no one had ever ignored him whenever he was around. 
“Dr. West, if that’s the case, is my cousin-” 
Macy interrupted him and finished on his behalf in a hoarse voice, “Mr. Jadeson, you don’t have to worry because Dr. Wallen has specifically assigned me to take care of him. If there’s anything that requires your attention, I’ll definitely get in touch with you.” 
Devin couldn’t bring himself to carry on with the conversation when he heard her hoarse voice. He thought she might have hurt her vocal cord or something, but she was pretty courteous with her choice of words. 
After spending another few minutes in the ward and handing over his contact number to Macy, Devin returned to the military base. 
He thought it wouldn’t be necessary for him to overthink things since Sebastian was in good hands at the hospital with Grayson’s assistant. 
Similarly, Jonathan made his way back to Heron Hill shortly after he wrapped up his conversation with Grayson.
Meanwhile, Macy spent the night in the ward next to Sebastian. 
By the time Sebastian woke up in the morning, he caught a whiff of the awful stench of disinfectant unique to the hospital. 
He was confused when he caught a glimpse of the ceiling and wasn’t sure if he was still alive or not until he felt the racking sensation coming from his limbs. 
Unable to withstand the racking sensation, he groaned in pain, “Argh—” 
“You’re finally awake!” 
The woman leaning against the bed was roused from her sleep by the man’s groan. 
Startled by the presence of others next to him, Sebastian felt his limbs turning rigid. 
“Does it hurt? If you can’t withstand the pain, I’ll administer you another dose of anesthetic to ease the pain!” 
Shortly after she shared the alternative with the patient, she retrieved the syringe and injected the anesthetic into Sebastian’s system for temporary relief. 
A few minutes after the injection, the woman turned around and asked when the man was no longer in pain, “Are you feeling better now?” 
Truth be told, Macy had a relatively disheveled look, including unkempt hair and swollen cheeks, after being awake throughout the night. In short, she looked awful. 
Sebastian couldn’t get used to the presence of the woman with a horrendous look. He instructed, “Get out of my sight and stay away from me!”
Macy was rendered incapable of motion. When she heard him, she ended up standing still next to the patient and forgot the things she was supposed to do next. 
I-Is he seriously asking me to leave him alone? 
When Sebastian caught Macy placing her trembling hand on his thighs after injecting the anesthetic, he got increasingly aggressive and warned, “What do you think you’re doing? Stop touching me and get out of the ward at once!” 
How dare she touch me? Who the heck allows her to touch me? 
Only one woman was allowed to touch him 
Sebastian sent the chair next to his bed flying with a powerful kick. As a result, he curled up in pain and started shivering due to the excruciating sensation he felt. 
In the end, Macy stopped trying anything reckless. Seconds after she moved her hands away from him, she rushed her way out of the ward with her eyes brimming with tears. 
A few minutes later, she returned to Grayson’s office. 
“Has he always been a germaphobe?” 
Macy, whose eyes had been brimming with tears, responded with a nod and stammered, “Y-Yes.” 
###Chapter 706
Chapter 706
Grayson shrugged his shoulders and asked, “If that’s the case, why have you touched him without his consent? I’m sure you’re aware a germaphobe is against others touching them without their consent, aren’t you?” 
“W-We used to be-” 
“Well, he’s no longer the same. Also, you’re not precisely the same in terms of look. You don’t think a patient with can tell you apart, do you?” 
Grayson handed over Macy a mirror and told her to have another look at herself in the mirror. 
Upon a simple glimpse at herself in the mirror, the woman was startled by her current look because she was nothing close to her usual self. 
Horrified by her current look, she rushed in the direction of the washroom and removed the mask she had put on, revealing her gorgeous yet heavily injured face. 
She got increasingly upset and started muttering to herself in the washroom, “I’m so sorry for showing up in front of you with a mask! I just can’t bear to startle you with this horrible face of mine!” 
Overwhelmed by a heart-wrenching sensation as she continued caressing her heavily injured face, Sasha continued weeping in the washroom. 
It turned out Macy was Sasha, who had rushed her way back from Jetroina immediately after she regained consciousness.
Initially, she shouldn’t be there just yet since she had just dealt with her fractured bones. On top of that, she was bald due to the removal of her hair for a series of surgical procedures. 
Most importantly, her face was heavily injured. Initially, Haruto told her it wasn’t a big deal as he could easily sort it out on her behalf through a series of facial reconstruction surgery. 
Nonetheless, she had no time for those superficial things when the life of the man she held dear in mind was at stake. As it would take another six months for her to recover from the surgical procedures, she knew those were luxuries she couldn’t afford. 
Thus, she acquired someone else’s aid to make her a mask to disguise herself as someone else in order to keep Sebastian company. 
After spending a few minutes in the washroom, Sasha finally regained her composure. 
When she returned to Grayson’s office, he remarked, “You need to take it easy for the time being because it’s only a matter of time until he opens up to you. I’m sure he can easily tell the differences after spending some time with you. After all, you’re the only one he has in mind.” 
Sasha felt another prickling sensation behind her eyes, but she knew she couldn’t afford to weep anymore. 
After calming herself, she expressed her gratitude in a serious manner, “You have my gratitude, Dr. Wallen!” 
Grayson responded with a smile and assured her it wasn’t a big deal, “I’m just trying to return the favor Mr. George has done me back in the day.” 
After pausing for a short while, he urged in a serious tone, “Speaking of which, you need to be on the lookout against the Jadesons, especially Jonathan! You can’t allow others to figure out that you’re Sasha!”
Sasha nodded in return, indicating she would definitely keep that in mind since she was aware of the things awaiting her if others were made aware of her actual identity. 
Jonathan wasn’t the only one she had to be on her guard against because the Jadesons had one common goal—taking Sebastian and her out. 
If they’re aware I’m not dead, I’m pretty sure they’re going to come after me again! In this case, I need to be on the lookout against Jared and his family! 
Along with Grayson, Sasha returned to Sebastian’s ward. Grayson mentioned, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Hayes. My assistant isn’t aware of your pet peeve, but I have warned her to stop touching you without your consent. She’s going to be mindful of her actions in the future.” 
“Get out of my sight!” 
The patient couldn’t care less even when Grayson made it clear the woman next to him wasn’t the one at fault. 
As a result of Sebastian’s harsh remark, Sasha’s heart sank to the bottom of her stomach once again. 
What am I supposed to do if he continues to resist me? What if he doesn’t want me anywhere near him? 
“Mr. Hayes, you need to calm down and listen to me. Macy over here is an expert when it comes to insomnia. On top of that, she can alleviate the pain torturing you. Most of the doctors of the hospital aren’t as capable as her.” 
Sasha gaped at Grayson’s seemingly boastful statements as he started luring Sebastian into giving in. 
Wait! Is he having trouble sleeping again? It’s just like the time he sent others to take me into custody and bring me back to Clear! Ironically, he’s trying to chase me away when I’ve returned to him!
As Sebastian finally stopped making a fuss when he heard Grayson’s remarks, Grayson signaled Sasha to make full use of her opportunity with a wink and made his way out of the ward. 
Sasha stood next to the man in silence for a few minutes until she heard the sound of the linen being ripped into pieces. 
Rip! 
She turned around and found out the patient was in great pain again. In an attempt to alleviate the sensation torturing him, he tried to divert his attention by ripping the linen apart. 
It was then she rushed over to his side and suggested, dismissing the man’s response, “I-I’ll administer another dose of anesthetic immediately!” 
She retrieved the syringe seconds after she made herself clear. 
When she was about to administer the dose of anesthetic, the perspiring and shivering man opened his eyes and glared at her, intimidating the genuine woman. 
“I-I won’t touch you! I’ll administer the anesthetic without touching you!” She reassured the man glaring at her since she knew he was against the idea of others touching him without his consent. 
She showed him the syringe and forced a bright grin to gain the man’s trust as much as it might hurt. 
###Chapter 707
Chapter 707
The patient finally regained his composure shortly after the administration of another dose of anesthetic. 
Sasha retrieved a pail of water to wipe the man’s perspiring body clean. She helped him change into another hospital gown and took a seat at the desk next to him, perusing the books she had with her. 
“Dr. West is so thoughtful! I can’t believe she has wiped the patient’s body clean!” 
“Isn’t that a duty of the caretaker? Why is a doctor wiping a patient’s body clean?” 
“Are you serious? Isn’t she the director’s personal assistant?” 
The nurses couldn’t resist the urge to talk about it when they passed by Sebastian’s ward and saw Sasha wiping Sebastian’s body clean. 
However, they thought it wasn’t much of a big deal since the patient was a member of the almighty Jadeson family. 
Sasha continued reading the book as it had been a few years since she last read about something on psychology. 
The irony was she made up her mind to give up as she couldn’t achieve any breakthrough even with Dr. Kaye’s aid. It happened around the time when the man was treated by the Rocke family and was sent to Sumanthova for his therapy. 
To her surprise, she had to pick up everything from scratch after another few years.
Throughout her reading session, she continued taking notes of the things she was supposed to be aware of. 
Buzz! 
Out of the blue, her phone on the desk started vibrating in silence. 
She turned around and noticed she had received a WhatsApp message from someone. 
Solomon: ”How are you? Is everything fine on your end?” 
She was slightly surprised by the man’s message, but after much consideration, she made up her mind to reply to his message. 
Sasha: ”I’m currently at the hospital. Things are pretty much fine at my end. Thanks for asking.” 
Solomon: ”Dr. Wallen had told me everything. You need to be on the lookout against the Jadesons, especially Jared and the members of his family. Since a majority of his family has been taken out, I’m afraid he’s going to come after Sebastian again.” 
The man on the other man had expressed his concerns over her through his orated message, irking the already frustrated Sasha since she was well aware of the things awaiting her. 
In spite of the threats around them, the only one she cared about was the man in front of her since he was still alive due to the vision Jonathan had for him. 
If she couldn’t do anything about his multiple personality disorder, it was only a matter of time until Jonathan tried to take Sebastian out again. 
Solomon: ”What are you doing?” 
Sasha: ”I’m trying to figure out the proper way to help him, but…”
Irked by her limited progress, Sasha wasn’t in the mood to carry on with the conversation since she just couldn’t seem to find her way around the psychological field. 
Solomon, who was on the other end of the phone, seemed to be aware of her concern. He dropped her another message with an attachment of a certain someone’s contact. 
Solomon: ”This is a famous psychologist from Jetroina. He’s a good friend of Haruto, your attending physician during your time at Jetroina. If there’s anything you need, why don’t you go ahead and try getting in touch with him?” 
Sasha: ”Are you serious? Thank you so much! You have just done me another huge favor!” 
She thought it was finally time for her to turn the tables around. Thus, she got pumped up again the moment she got her hands on the psychologist’s contact number. 
Immediately after she wrapped up the conversation with Solomon, she engaged herself in another conversation with the renowned psychologist. 
Solomon would be upset should she disappear halfway through their conversation. However, he felt satisfied for the first time in many years because their conversation had lasted for quite a long time. 
In fact, it was the longest over the past few years. Thus, he thought they were finally back to their good old days. 
By the time Sebastian roused from his nap, the so-called doctor in the ward had put on a full set of personal protective equipment, including a disposable pair of gloves. 
She had been anticipating him to be awake. The moment he roused from his sleep, she rushed over and stood next to him, asking in a concerned tone, “How are you feeling?”
Sebastian turned around since he had no intention to engage himself in another conversation with others. 
Afraid things would get increasingly awkward, she suggested, “I-If you’re not in pain, I’ll go get you some light refreshment! Since you’re finally awake, it’s time for you to consume something nutritious to aid in the process of recovery!” 
She dismissed the man’s disgusted look and headed out to get him the things she had prepared in advance. 
A few minutes later, she returned with a warm glass of milk and a few scrumptious-looking cakes next to it. 
Patients undergoing anesthesia were allowed to consume food as soon as they regained consciousness. However, only a few certain types of food were allowed. 
Sasha placed those on the nightstand and made her way to the other end of the ward to adjust the angle of the bed. 
Throughout the session, she remained courteous and said, “Mr. Hayes, I’m going to adjust the angle of your bed. If you’re not feeling well, you can always tell me to stop.” 
In order to prevent provoking the man, she tried her best to stay away from him. 
Sasha heaved a long sigh of relief because the man wasn’t particularly against the idea of having the angle of his bed adjusted. He might have had enough of lying on the bed after being idle for such a long time. 
###Chapter 708
Chapter 708
Once she had the angle of the patient’s bed adjusted, she returned with a portable desk for the patient’s convenience. 
“Mr. Hayes, go ahead and finish your meal.” 
Once again, things got increasingly tense as he ignored her and the light refreshment she had gotten him. 
After a few minutes of awkward silence, she glanced at the man and suggested, “M-Mr. Hayes, am I supposed to leave you alone? If you’re irked by my presence, I’ll leave at once!” 
She thought his scrunched-up face had something to do with others’ presence in the ward. Thus, she looked elsewhere and thought of leaving the man alone. 
It was then a nurse showed up and asked, “Dr. West, where are you going? Aren’t you going to feed Mr. Hayes his glass of milk?” 
“H-Huh?” Sasha gaped at the nurse’s question. 
Have I just forgotten Sebastian can’t consume the food without others’ aid due to his injured hands? That’s very silly of me! 
Sasha stopped sulking and returned to his side, volunteering in a courteous manner, “Mr. Hayes, allow me to help you.” 
“Get out of my sight!”
“I’m so sorry for neglecting your needs, Mr. Hayes. I was afraid of startling you. Therefore, I have forgotten you’re still heavily injured. Can you kindly forgive me for once?” 
Sebastian’s eyes flickered in awe when he caught a glimpse of the woman with an aggrieved smile. 
Have I met her before this? What’s with this sense of familiarity coming from her? No! It’s impossible! There’s no way I’m acquainted with such a horrendous woman! 
He denied the thoughts he had in mind and continued looking elsewhere to avoid eye contact with the woman. 
With that being said, he had finally stopped chasing her out of the ward and started opening up to her without him being aware. 
“Thank you so much, Mr. Hayes! I’ll go get you a straw at once!” Sasha was thrilled. She soon returned with a straw and handed over the glass of milk to Sebastian. 
She had long gotten used to bracing herself through similar situations. After all, she was the aggressive one back in the day when they were still at Avenport. 
In the end, Sebastian finished the glass of milk and heard someone yelling the moment he had his eyes glued to the cakes on the portable desk. 
“Sebastian, you’re finally awake! I’m just glad you’re doing fine!” 
Out of nowhere, a middle-aged woman barged into the ward and rushed in the direction of the patient when she saw Sebastian having his meal. 
Sasha sprang up from her seat and got in the way of the middle-aged woman to stop him. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian, who was about to finish the cakes, wasn’t in the mood to finish his meal anymore.
“Can you please identify yourself?” 
Jasmine was slightly irritated by the presence of the doctor getting in her way. Thus, she introduced herself with an arrogant look, “Me? I’m his aunt! Devin’s my son! I’m here to check on my nephew! His uncle is currently on his way too! He’ll be joining us in another few minutes!” 
Devin’s mother? 
Sasha secretly let out a sigh of relief, but she refused to move aside and turned around to take a peek at the patient on the bed. 
She could see frustration written all over his face. It seemed as if he was about to go berserk and throw another tantrum soon. 
Subsequently, Sasha urged the middle-aged woman in front of her, “I’m so sorry, Mrs. Jadeson. No one is allowed to visit the patient at the time being since he has just regained consciousness.” 
“What do you mean we’re not allowed to visit him when he’s wide awake? It’s not like I’m here to pick on him!” 
Jasmine couldn’t keep her emotions in check anymore—she tried to push Sasha away. However, the observant Sasha got ahead of Jasmine and dragged Sebastian’s so-called aunt out of the ward. 
“How dare you drag me out the ward? Aren’t you aware of who I am?” 
Sasha remarked in a callous tone, “I’m well aware of your identity, but I’m afraid I can’t allow you to interrupt the patient, Mrs. Jadeson.” 
Jasmine was about to make a scene when Sasha turned around to lock the door of the ward in front of her.
Who the hell is this doctor? How dare she pick on me and chase me out of the ward? Is this the way those from the General Hospital treat the members of the Jadesons nowadays? Who the hell is she working for? 
In an attempt to take things out on Sasha, Jasmine warned, “Just you wait! I’ll go get the person in charge of the hospital immediately!” 
Sasha couldn’t care less, but Stephen was astonished when he saw his wife stomping her way out of Sebastian’s ward the moment he reached the floor. 
He asked, “Where are you going? Aren’t you here to visit Sebastian?” 
“Why don’t you go ahead and give it a try? We shall see if the doctor is going to get in your way or not! She has just chased me out of the ward! I’m currently on my way to the director’s office to figure out if something’s wrong with that doctor!” Jasmine continued reprimanding Sasha at the top of her lungs. 
When Stephen saw Sasha staring at them from afar, he looked in her direction and asked, “Are you new around here?” 
“Yes, I’m Dr. Wallen’s assistant.” 
“Has Dr. Wallen not mentioned to you that the patient inside the ward is our nephew?” 
“Actually, it was Dr. Wallen’s instruction to stop others from showing up in the ward. However, if Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson and Mrs. Jadeson insist on going in and aren’t afraid of the patient going berserk, please help yourselves into the ward.” 
Sasha retrieved the keys and was about to unlock the door to the ward shortly after she finished her sentence. 
###Chapter 709
Chapter 709
Stephen and Jasmine felt a chill running down their spines and took a few steps back to put on some distance between them and the one inside the ward. 
Ha! Are these Sebastian’s so-called cousins and relatives? 
After much considerations, Jasmine suggested, “I-I think we’ll just drop by and pay him a visit in the future since he’s not feeling well yet.” 
As a matter of fact, they weren’t there because they truly cared about Sebastian. Jasmine was merely there to ensure Sebastian couldn’t pose any threat to his son—the successor of the Jadesons. 
Jasmine secretly hoped Sebastian would turn handicapped because she was afraid that Sebastian would be appointed the next successor of the Jadesons instead of Devin. 
On the other hand, Stephen remained silent and thought it wouldn’t be wise to visit Sebastian at that time when he heard Sasha’s explanation. 
“Well, if that’s the case, we’ll drop by and visit him in the future. We’ll entrust him with you for the time being.” 
Sasha played along with the duo and answered in a calm and collected tone, “Sure, I’ll see you again in the near future.” 
Shortly after their departure, the news of them being turned down made it to the rest of the Jadesons, especially Jared and his family.
Initially, they were about to take Sebastian out, but they brought everything to a halt due to the unforeseen accident. 
“He’s just a maniac! It’s better for us to stay away from him for the time being!” 
Out of nowhere, someone mentioned, “We can always take him out in the future! Speaking of which, Jonathan might have let Sebastian off the hook, but he hadn’t sent anyone to keep an eye on him to keep him safe at the hospital!” 
The Jadesons, who were in the middle of Charles’ wake at Jade Court, had their eyes glinting as if they were up to something evil in mind, especially the middle-aged woman in front of the casket. 
“Are you indicating he’s going to stop getting in our way?” 
“I think that’s most probably the case! After all, he’s the one behind Eric, Tyler, Tiffany, and uncle’s miseries! As the one leading the family, he’s not supposed to be biased! What do you think, Aunt Candice?” the young man finished his question with a smile and looked at the middle-aged woman in the eyes. 
The middle-aged woman was none other than Charles’ sister, Candice, who had been away from home after getting married. She also happened to be the closest with Charles back in the day. 
Candice thought it was a brilliant suggestion and made her way to Connor’s study to decide their next best course of action. 
The young man behind responded with a vicious smirk as soon as the Jadesons dismissed themselves. He continued messing around with a Rubik’s Cube. 
“Kingston, what are you doing here when it’s your uncle’s wake? Are you trying to get on your uncles’ and aunts’ nerves or something again?”
A woman with an apron showed up in front of the young man and reprimanded him, bringing him away with her without a second thought. 
…… 
After spending the past two days in the ward with Sebastian, Sasha found out he was no longer his grumpy self. 
No longer would he chase her out of his ward or turn her down whenever she brought up suggestions for his sake. 
“Mr. Hayes, it’s about time to get your wounds treated again. Shall we head over now?” 
Sasha showed up in the ward with a wheelchair since it was almost time to move on to the next phase of his treatment plan. 
Initially, she thought he would turn her down, but to her surprise, the man responded with a nod, indicating he wasn’t against the idea. 
Oh, God! Has he just agreed to come with me? 
Sasha was on cloud nine and thought that was the best thing that had ever happened to her throughout the year. 
She rushed to him with the wheelchair and asked, “Do you need my help? I have put on a brand new set of personal protective equipment, including a pair of disposable gloves!” 
Afraid the germaphobe was against the idea of touching her, she assured him that wouldn’t be the case since she had herself wrapped in countless layers of clothes. 
Sebastian glanced at her set of clothes and instructed, “Just move it over and leave me alone.”
Seconds after she returned to her senses from staring at the man with a haggard look, she stammered, “O-Okay—” 
The moment she brought the wheelchair to him, he thought of getting out of bed with his only functioning leg. 
Unfortunately, he ended up staggering since he couldn’t balance himself without the aid of his hands. 
“Watch out!” 
Sasha shrieked in fear of the man injuring himself. Without a second thought, she rushed to his rescue and sprinted in his direction. 
Things got increasingly awkward amongst the duo in the ward. 
The gigantic man ended up on top of the skinny woman in the ward as she could barely hold him in her arms and stop him from falling. 
Sasha’s mind went completely blank when she heard the man’s racing heart and felt the man’s scorching body. 
###Chapter 710
Chapter 710
Even with the protective suit between them, she could still sense it. 
It was so clear and familiar. 
I used to throw myself into his embrace. It was once mine. 
A pang of heartache overcame Sasha. 
“Are you done hugging me?” The man’s indifferent voice sounded over her head. A stern, disgusted look crossed his dashing face as he squinted his eyes at her. 
Only then was Sasha snapped out of her trance. 
In the next second, she jolted and let go of him. 
“I-I’m sorry. I didn’t do it on purpose. You tilted to one side just now, so I was worried that you might fall. My apology, Mr. Hayes,” she apologized hurriedly. 
Sebastian was exuding an intimidating and unapproachable aura. 
Tightening his fist, he stifled his anger and sat in the wheelchair. 
I must endure it because I have to leave this da*n place as soon as I can. 
Seeing that he no longer blamed her, she breathed a sigh of relief. Immediately, she wheeled him away to change his bandages. 
It was an incredibly arduous process.
Knowing that the man didn’t like to be touched, Sasha had her heart in her mouth throughout the process, as she was worried that the pain might trigger him. After dressing three wounds, even her undergarments were drenched with sweat. 
“Mmm…” 
“Dr. West, are you alright?” 
A doctor in the same department swiftly held her up when he saw her standing up and staggering backward. 
The woman then recollected herself. 
Peeking at the man in the wheelchair, she found him staring at her, so she shook her head. “I’m fine. It’s just that I’ve been looking down for too long, so I feel a little dizzy.” 
Afraid that he would be worried, she explained at once. 
Just as the words left her lips, the man had averted his gaze impassively. It was as though he was only glancing at her intentionally. 
The woman could not utter a word. 
Within seconds, the pain in her backbone spiked. Gradually, she clutched the corner of the table next to her. 
“Dr. Davis, can you take Mr. Hayes to the ward? I’ll get rid of the rubbish.” 
“Sure.” 
She covered it up so well that the doctor didn’t notice anything wrong.
Soon, he wheeled Sebastian out. 
As soon as they left, she could no longer hold on. Pressing the back of her waist, she slumped into the chair behind her. 
Other than her backbone, many parts of her body were in excruciating pain. Six months were not long enough for her comminuted fractures to get healed completely. There were countless metal plates and screws in her body now. 
After sitting on the chair for a long while, she slowly stood up and hobbled to the washroom. 
Sure enough, her face under the mask was already drenched in sweat. Because of the exhaustion and pain during the wound dressing earlier, she broke out in a cold sweat, and that accumulated inside her mask. 
The second she peeled it off, her sweat gushed out immediately. 
Splash! 
Turning on the tap, she splashed some water on her face. 
Now I feel better. 
Looking up in the mirror, she saw an ashen face covered with horrifying and hideous scars. 
“Dr. West? Dr. West? Are you there? Dr. Wallen is looking for you.” 
Suddenly, someone called out to her from outside. 
Hearing that, she quickly put on her disguise and came out of the washroom. 
“What’s the matter?”
“Dr. Wallen is looking for you. He asked you to head to his office.” Looking at her, the nurse pointed at the office tower opposite. 
Sasha didn’t say a word. 
Grayson is asking for me? What for? I’m not really his assistant. Since I came into this hospital, he knew my sole purpose is to stay in this ward. 
Sasha was perplexed, yet she went over as requested. 
Ten minutes later, in the director’s office. 
“Ms. Wand, how’s the situation over there? Is Mr. Hayes getting better?” 
“What?” 
His question puzzled Sasha as she ambled in. 
“Getting better? What do you mean?” 
Sitting at his desk, Grayson told her straight away. “I’m asking about his multiple personality disorder.” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in shock at his words. 
“Dr. Wallen, are you kidding me? It’s only been a few days. How can he show any sign of recovery? Even his gunshot wounds just got better recently.” 
“Yes, I know. But Jonathan has been asking me. How should I answer him?” Grayson said honestly. 
Sitting across the desk, Sasha was stupefied for a moment. When his words registered with her, she felt chills run down her spine.
Jonathan? He’s the one who asked about it? So what is he trying to do? Is he spying on us? It’s only been a few days, but he already can’t wait for Sebastian to recuperate. How insane! 
###Chapter 711
Chapter 711
“Ms. Wand, I don’t care how you’re going to do it. If you want to protect his life, you must let Jonathan see positive changes in him. Otherwise, I won’t be able to help you,” Grayson advised as he saw the glint of panic in her gaze. 
This was no doubt the final chance. 
Sasha stepped out of the office in a daze. 
Before she knew it, she was already standing at the door of the ward, while the man sitting on the hospital bed stared blankly at her. 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
What kind of look is that? 
The woman couldn’t find the words to describe his expression, but her vision went black at the sight of his distant, indifferent gaze. 
How should I save you, my dearest Mr. Hayes? 
“What’s the matter? You can stand it anymore?” Sebastian finally spoke. 
His monotonous and emotionless voice was laced with disdain. 
What is he talking about? 
The woman was stunned by his question. “What do you mean by can’t stand it anymore? I went to Dr. Wallen’s office to change your prescriptions.” Sasha made up an excuse right away. 
She then took a piece of paper out from the pocket of her lab coat, waving it in front of him while stepping into the ward.
Glancing nonchalantly at her, he didn’t utter a word. 
Seeing that, Sasha came in and started bustling about again. Brushing her emotions aside, she knew she had to focus on the problem at hand first. 
The signs of recovery… How am I going to heal him within such a short time? 
“What are you doing?” 
Suddenly, the man bellowed in a frigid voice. Sasha felt as though the temperature in the ward had dropped significantly. 
What did I do? 
She snapped her head around to glance at him. 
Within only a few seconds, his cavernous eyes gleamed with hostility when he was still sitting on the bed. 
What’s this? 
“Scram!” 
“What?” 
Sasha was shocked. 
Hold on. What’s wrong with him? What have I done wrong? I thought he has changed his views on me? 
Sasha tiptoed toward him in trepidation, asking warily, “Mr. Hayes, what’s going on? I’ve just changed your bandages. Does it hurt? Would you like me to give you an acupuncture treatment?”
She thought he was in pain. 
However, he ignored her. 
His gaze grew even more terrifying. 
Sasha couldn’t help but gulp. 
He became much more quick-tempered than before. 
Back then, he was irritable, but with good reason. Nevertheless, now every little thing infuriated him, and he seemed as if he was going to finish someone off. 
Perhaps this was another personality of his. 
Sasha sauntered closer gingerly, contemplating how to comfort him. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. I just came back from Dr. Wallen’s office, so I don’t know what I’ve done wrong. Please tell me, and I promise I’ll change my way.” 
She apologized to him from the bottom of her heart. Her eyes were full of remorse. 
The man, who was consumed by rage, froze for a second. 
I’ve waited for her for about one hour. It’s twenty minutes later than the time I was supposed to take my medicines. 
He clenched his fists so hard that his knuckles were cracking. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
“Nothing. I just feel annoyed looking at you.”
The cranky man averted his gaze stiffly, turning his head to look elsewhere. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
How could he do that? He threw a fit and kicked me out for no reason at all. Didn’t he know that it would terrify me? 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief, sitting on the chair next to him helplessly. “Mr. Hayes, you can’t hate me. If you do and chase me away, I’ll lose my job, and my child will be starving.” 
“What did you say?” 
Her words came like a bolt out of the blue. The man who just looked away turned his head back around. “Your child? Do you have a child?” 
A warm smile spread across her face. “Yes, I have a daughter.” 
The man narrowed his eyes at her again. “Are you married?” 
“Of course, Mr. Hayes. How would I have a child otherwise? Do you want to see her photos? She’s really adorable.” With that said, Sasha fished her phone out of the pocket and scrolled through the gallery to show him her daughter’s photos. 
Instinctively, Sebastian was smoldering with fury again, yelling at her, “Scram! Nobody wants to see your photo! Take it away!” 
He wished he could vanish into thin air away from this woman right away as if she was some kind of monster. 
Married? How could she tell me she’s married? Why does that bast*rd, Grayson, look for a married woman to take care of me? Is he out of his mind?
Anger overtook Sebastian, but he had no idea why he was enraged. 
After all, it was none of his business that the woman was married. 
In fact, the hospital was full of doctors and nurses who were married. 
Dejection and regret were written all over Sasha’s face as she was kicked out of the ward. 
Vivi, what should I do now? Your daddy doesn’t want to see you. What if he still refuses to see you when you come over? What am I going to do? I have no choice but to make you come over to awaken his fatherly love for you. Hopefully, love and gentleness will stop him from being engulfed by hostility and malice. There is no other way…
###Chapter 712
Chapter 712
Since there were no better ideas, Sasha had no choice but to get her daughter over to see Sebastian. 
Initially, Sabrina wasn’t aware of the kids’ whereabouts. Nonetheless, when Sasha looked for Sebastian in Jadeborough half a year ago, she called Calvin and got the information from him. 
Back then, Sebastian had instructed Calvin to inform Sasha about the kids’ whereabouts after his attack. After all, he thought he wouldn’t be able to survive. 
Therefore, Sasha knew where her kids were after she woke up. 
However, considering that her boys looked just like the replica of Sebastian, Sasha couldn’t allow them to return for the time being. Otherwise, the Jadesons would eventually find out that something was off. 
Moreover, since the two boys were smart, she was worried that they would get into trouble. 
The sun was bright in Miralaea. As the sea breeze blew, the coconut trees swayed gently and ripples formed on the sea surface. One could easily be absorbed into the enchanting view. 
Vivian, who was dressed in pink, was busy building a sandcastle. 
She stopped playing once Karl showed up. 
“What did you say? Mr. Frost, can I meet Daddy and Mommy?” 
Vivian was overjoyed upon hearing Karl’s explanation. Instantly, she flung her colorful tools away and ran toward him barefoot. 
Karl immediately squatted before her and said, “Vivian, please be careful and don’t fall.” 
However, Vivian ignored his advice and continued running.
After all, she was overjoyed at the thought of seeing her parents soon. 
At the same time, the two boys also ran toward Karl once they saw him. 
“Mr. Frost, this is unfair. Why only Vivi can visit Daddy and Mommy but not us?” 
“Indeed!” 
Besides, Ian, who seldom spoke, also frowned in dissatisfaction. 
As such, Karl had to explain to the three kids patiently. 
“Ian and Matteo, your daddy and mommy are busy dealing with some important matters recently. So, they won’t be able to take care of all of you at home. Since Vivi is the youngest, they think it is best to let her go home first.” 
Knowing that Ian and Matteo were unconvinced, Karl added, “No worries. Once your daddy and mommy have finished dealing with the matters, they’ll bring you two home as well.” 
Ian and Matteo fell silent after listening to Karl. 
A few minutes later, Ian and Matteo gathered below the planter box at the beautiful villa. 
“Mr. Frost must be lying!” 
“Yes.” 
“Since we’ve always been good boys, how can we possibly become Daddy and Mommy’s burden? Besides, if they can’t take care of us, they can always get some help from the housemaids.” 
“Yes.” Ian agreed with Matteo’s view.
If it’s true that Mr. Frost lied, what kind of a problem are Daddy and Mommy facing now? After all, we’ve stayed here for half a year. Daddy and Mommy promised they would be here very soon, yet we haven’t seen them. 
What happened to them? 
Ian and Matteo got increasingly worried. 
“Should we follow them secretly?” Matteo proposed a bold suggestion when Ian felt perplexed. 
Follow them secretly? 
Ian mulled over it for a while and shook his head. 
“I think we shouldn’t do it for the time being. After all, Daddy and Mommy must have reason to stop us from going back. We might bring unwanted trouble to them by going home all of a sudden.” 
“So, you’re suggesting-” 
“We can give Vivi a mini communicator and keep in touch with her. Then, we can find out what’s happening after she arrives.” 
As an elder brother, Ian acted and thought like Sebastian and was more visionary than Matteo. 
With that, the siblings began to assemble the mini communicator. 
Vivian didn’t to the idea after hearing it from her brothers. 
When Karl brought Vivian to leave the place, he didn’t notice that she had put on a beautiful and cute hairpin.
Sasha looked forward to her daughter’s arrival but felt anxious at the same time. 
“Mr. Hayes, have you… had your medicine?” 
Sasha received no response. 
Since Sebastian knew that she was married and had children, he was reluctant to talk to her. It was as if they returned to the early days when they first met. 
What should I do now? Well, I guess I can only coax him. 
Sasha put on a wry smile and stopped asking him any questions. Instead, she took his pills, poured some warm water into a glass, and handed them over to him. 
“Mr. Hayes, let me feed you.” 
Sebastian’s heart skipped a beat upon hearing the word “feed”. Besides, he felt increasingly uncomfortable and disgusted. 
“I don’t need your help to feed me. Go away!” 
“Ah?” Sasha looked hurt. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you… mad at me? I’m so sorry. If I knew that you don’t like children, I wouldn’t have shown you my daughter’s pictures.”
###Chapter 713
Chapter 713
“By the way, do you have children, Mr. Hayes? Since you’re not that young, are you married and do you have children?” 
The question popped up unexpectedly and stunned Sebastian. 
At that moment, he even forgot that he was supposed to be angry. 
Do I have children? 
Sebastian couldn’t remember it, for he lost his memories ever since he developed multiple personality disorder. At present, all he could remember was to take revenge. 
Sasha thought there were probably two reasons to explain it. First, Sebastian’s main personality wished to protect the memories. Second, his alternative personality was formed solely to take revenge. 
“No!” A few seconds later, Sebastian finally answered coldly. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was down in the mouth as soon as Sebastian responded. 
Although she expected the answer, her heart still sank the moment she heard it. 
He can’t even remember his children. 
“I see. I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. From now on, I’ll never mention my daughter before you.” Sadly, she put down the pills and the glass of water. Then, she turned around to prepare the fluid drip for him. 
Despite his anger and disgust earlier on, Sebastian didn’t feel happy when he saw the change in Sasha’s expression. 
The ward fell silent for a while until a nurse pushed the door open and said, “Dr. West, are you expecting a parcel from Jetroina? I’ve brought it here for you.”
Sasha’s eyes glowed upon hearing it. 
“Yes, it’s mine. Thank you.” 
Delighted, she quickly grabbed the parcel from the nurse. 
Sebastian couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows when he saw that Sasha was excited. 
What is that? It has made the sorrow in her eyes fade away all of a sudden. 
“Are you expecting the parcel from Jetroina?” 
“Yes, I bought it for you. It’s a box of CDs. Come and take a look.” Sasha had already opened the parcel when Sebastian asked her. Then, she took out the CDs and a portable audio player and waved them excitedly before Sebastian. 
Sebastian was startled. 
Did she buy it for me? 
But are we living in the stone age or something? Why should I listen to CDs? 
Besides, how does she know what kind of music I prefer? Humph! How long has she been working here? Who gave her permission to buy something for me? 
Sebastian sneered as he was thinking about it. 
However, Sasha inserted one of the CDs into the portable audio player and put the earbuds into his ear without asking him. 
“Try listen to it. The song is beautiful.”
Sasha beamed at him as she stood close to Sebastian, so much so that he could see his image in her eyes. 
At the same time, anger started to boil in his chest. 
The moment he wanted to yell at Sasha, the music that he had never heard of began to play. As the music was soft and soothing, Sebastian felt it had seemingly brought him to a deserted, quiet, and peaceful forest. 
Besides, his irritation faded away unknowingly. 
As Sebastian was immersed in the relaxing music, Sasha scrutinized every bit of his expression. 
The CDs were delivered by the psychologist from Jetroina to help patients cope with symptoms of mania. 
Also, Sasha heard that they were the only remaining CDs in the world. 
Noticing that calmness had replaced Sebastian’s irritation, Sasha couldn’t help but feel overjoyed. 
The music is indeed helpful. 
“Is it good?” Sasha asked again. 
Unknowingly, Sebastian was mesmerized by Sasha’s eyes that were glistening due to happiness. 
What a beautiful pair of eyes! They look exactly like the eyes that I always draw. 
Sebastian was rooted to the floor when the thought flashed through his mind. 
“Mr. Hayes?” Sasha asked anxiously.
As Sasha couldn’t read Sebastian’s mind, she thought Sebastian was startled because something was wrong with the song. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian came to his sense and withdrew his gaze after Sasha called him. 
“What is it?” 
“Well, I just wanted to know… if Mr. Hayes loves this gift. I think listening to music can help relieve your boredom in the ward.” 
Disappointment overwhelmed Sasha when Sebastian turned around coldly to avoid her gaze. 
At the very least, Sasha was relieved that he didn’t return the gift to her. 
“Put it there.” 
“Oh, certainly.” Sasha was overjoyed upon hearing his response. She left the ward after keeping the portable audio player beside him carefully. 
Well, it’s already my first step to achieving success because he accepted the gift. Things will get better when Vivian arrives. 
Now that Charles’ funeral ended, Jocelyn would live in Jade Court alone. Besides, Tiffany wouldn’t come home, for the military had delivered the verdict to execute her. 
Worrying that Jocelyn would do something silly, Connor decided to bring his family to stay in Jade Court temporarily.
###Chapter 714
Chapter 714
“Jocelyn, be strong. We’ll avenge Charles’ death.” 
“That’s right, Jocelyn. I’ve discussed with Connor to kill the b*stard in these two days. Then, I’ll personally cut off his head and offer it to Charles and my two nephews.” 
Charles’ sister Candice also persuaded Jocelyn. 
Jocelyn looked up in surprise and asked, “Candice, are you serious about it? How do you plan to act? I mean, the b*stard is in hospital now.” 
Candice snickered and replied, “Well, the hospital is the best place for us to act. Connor, did you know that Jonathan call Grayson to ask about the b*stard’s situation?” 
“Is that true?” Connor was surprised and continued, “How did you know that?” 
“It doesn’t matter. All you need to know is that this is a rare opportunity.” Candice smirked and stared at her fingers viciously. 
It appeared that all of the female Jadesons outperformed the males. 
For instance, Tiffany was more resourceful and crueler than Eric, Tyler, and her other male cousins. 
As expected, Candice was also better than her peers. 
After all, Candice knew the best timing to kill Sebastian by keeping an eye on Jonathan and analyzing his conversation with Grayson over the phone. Hence, it was proven that her resourcefulness was unmatched by any Jadesons. 
“Jonathan is only observing the b*stard’s situation now. As such, now is the best time for us to kill him. By then, Jonathan won’t come after us, for what is done cannot be undone.”
“In that case, should we act straightaway?” 
“Of course! No one is protecting him in the hospital. However, we must make sure that he has a mania attack before we kill him,” highlighted the malicious woman. 
Connor was perplexed. “A mania attack? Why?” 
Candice glared at him in disappointment and explained, “We’ll have a legitimate reason to kill him if he has a mania attack. Got it?” 
Connor felt embarrassed and didn’t utter a word. 
It’s indeed a good idea! Under such circumstances, we’ll have a valid reason to kill him; yet, Jonathan won’t blame us. 
The question is—how can we make sure he has a mania attack? 
Suddenly, Connor recalled that he purposely went to Heron Hill to enjoy the show when he knew that Jonathan shot Sebastian. Back then, he found a torn painting in the pool of blood. 
Connor thought the figure in the painting was probably Sebastian’s wife. 
Back then, Charles pushed the woman off the cliff on the highway. 
I heard that Sebastian had gone insane once he woke up because of the woman. 
Connor came up with a brilliant idea. 
“Aright, leave this to me. I’ll make sure that he goes insane on that day.” 
“That would be perfect.” Candice was satisfied. Then, she left Jade Court to make further arrangements.
To them, the clock was ticking. 
Sebastian wasn’t severely injured even though he was shot by a gun. As such, the hospital wouldn’t let him stay for a long time. 
Furthermore, Jonathan too wouldn’t wait for that long. 
Therefore, there was not much time left. 
Miles away, Sasha also felt that time was ticking and looked forward to Vivian’s arrival to make the situation better. 
Her wish came true partially, for Vivian arrived the next day. 
“Mommy?” 
Sasha waited at the airport to pick Vivian up. After quite some time, Karl carried the excited Vivian in his arms and came out. However, Vivian was startled upon seeing an unfamiliar face. 
Meanwhile, Sasha’s eyes reddened upon seeing Vivian. 
“Vivian, it’s Mommy. I’m sorry that I hurt my face and can’t show it to you now. After all, I’m afraid that I might frighten you,” Sasha explained sobbingly. 
Vivian was stumped. 
Although her face didn’t look familiar, Vivian could recognize Sasha’s voice. 
Besides, she knew that only Sasha had that beautiful pair of eyes.
Finally, Vivian spread her little arms and shouted, “Mommy, where have you been? Why haven’t you come and visit me? I miss you a lot.” 
The next moment, she threw herself into Sasha’s arms and started crying. 
Yes, it has been half a year since I last saw Vivian. To a six-year-old kid, it’s cruel and unimaginable to be separated from her mom and dad. 
All Sasha could do in response was to hug Vivian tightly. 
After both of them calmed down, Sasha relaxed her grip and looked up at Karl, who brought Vivian to her safely. 
“Thank you, Mr. Frost. By the way, did the boys make a fuss about it?” 
“They’re good boys. I mean, they listened to me and stay back,” Karl comforted. 
However, the adults were unaware that Sasha lifted her chubby hand and touched the new hairpin on her hair for a reason. 
Far away in Miralaea, the brothers could see Sasha and Karl clearly via the camera.
###Chapter 715
Chapter 715
“How did Mommy end up like this?” 
Matteo was shocked as he stared at his stranger of a mother. 
Ian merely stayed silent. 
It was obvious he was upset from the frown on his face. 
Soon, Karl asked, “How are things on your side? Is Mr. Hayes fine?” 
Sadness filled Sasha’s eyes at Karl’s inquiry. 
“He’s not doing so good. It was like a switch in him had flipped. He wasn’t the Sebastian we knew anymore. I had Vivian come for a visit, hoping to awaken some of his memories to suppress his urge to kill.” 
“Urge to kill?” Karl’s face paled at her words. “You mean Mr. Hayes has killed many?” 
“Yes, he had already killed three of the Jadesons. In order to kill Charles, he induced a huge disturbance in the military base a few days ago. It almost tipped the federal’s political scene. Charles was beyond furious at him. If it wasn’t for me arriving in the nick of time, Sebastian might have been shot dead by him.” 
Sasha didn’t keep any secrets from him and blurt out everything that happened. 
Her heart was heavy with worry and lingering fears as she reiterated the happenings. 
What would have happened if I were late by a second that day? 
She didn’t dare to think of the consequences.
Karl’s face darkened. 
“Is that old man crazy? Why did he shoot Mr. Hayes? Does he not know those bast*rds deserved it?” 
“We all know they deserved it, but we’re on his turf. If he doesn’t allow it, Sebastian can only follow his command. Else, death awaits.” 
“Damn!” 
Karl was overcome with rage. 
I wanted to say we might as well rescue him. 
But, is the reality so simple? We’re not in Avenport, but in the capital city of Jadeborough, where the military called all the shots. 
Sebastian couldn’t escape even when he was awake. So how could I, a mere bodyguard, rescue him? 
Karl clenched his fist so tightly that his knuckles popped. 
Sasha noticed his clenched fists. “Don’t worry. I’m here now. I won’t let him touch Sebastian, and I’ll think of a way to treat his condition and bring the old Sebastian back.” 
“If that is the case, I’ll remain here. It’s not easy for you to bring the kids around. I’ll find a place to stay temporarily. Just look for me if you need any assistance.” 
Karl could only make that decision at that point. 
Sasha agreed. 
Afterward, Sasha and Vivian headed back to the city center.
Meanwhile, Karl searched for a place to lay low in Jadeborough. He had another task in mind, to find the long-lost Calvin. 
“Vivi, I need your help.” 
“Sure, Mommy.” 
Vivian immediately stopped playing with her plushie and turned to give Sasha her full attention. 
Sasha laughed as she caressed Vivian’s cheeks. “So your dad is sick and might not recognize you. Can you call him Uncle Sebastian temporarily once you see him?” 
“Huh?” 
The anticipation and excitement sparkling in Vivian’s eyes dimmed at Sasha’s request. 
Call Daddy as Uncle Sebastian again? 
Why can’t I call him Daddy?” 
Feeling upset and wronged, Vivian pouted. 
“Hurry, Vivi. Promise Mommy. Something must have happened to Daddy. Don’t make Mommy sad.” Her brothers’ urgent persuasion sounded from the butterfly hair clip. 
Vivian sniffled and promised Sasha. 
“All right, but will it be for very long?” 
“No, I promise you I’ll treat him.” 
Sasha’s heart was crushed, looking at Vivian’s teary eyes.
I don’t want to see that look in her eyes. But Sebastian can’t even recognize his children. So how can I ask Vivian to call him Daddy? 
Sasha kept her bitter feelings in check and brought Vivian to the hospital. 
“Dr. West, you’re finally back? The Radiology Department was searching for you to pick up a patient’s CT report.” 
“I’ll head there now. Thanks.” 
As soon as she reached the hospital, a doctor informed her to retrieve a CT report. 
Sasha felt a surge of happiness, then carried Vivian in her arms and strode for the Radiology Department. 
The report belonged to Sebastian. Sasha had him take a CT scan to access his recovery rate after having his suture removed. 
Also to check if there was any injury to his skull. 
Sasha arrived at the Radiology Department with Vivian in tow. 
“Emily, why are you here?” 
“I’m fetching a report for my patient. What about you? Why do you have a child with you? Children are not allowed in the Radiology Department.” 
Emily was surprised when she saw Sasha with a child in her arms.
###Chapter 716
Chapter 716
Sasha had no intention of bringing Vivian inside. 
She was looking for someone to watch over Vivian. 
She handed Vivian to the nurse. “Could you help me watch her for a bit? I’m just going in to fetch Mr. Hayes’ report. Dr. Jong told me his report is ready.” 
Emily considered it for a while. 
Then, she carried Vivian nonetheless and stood aside. 
Sasha had a good relationship with her coworkers. Despite being new there, many nurses and doctors in the Inpatient Department liked her for her gentleness. 
Sasha went in to take the report assuredly. 
However, the two were gone when she came out. 
Did she bring Vivian back to the Inpatient Department? 
Sasha pondered as she went upstairs, planning to search for Emily at the Inpatient Department. 
“Lily, have you seen Emily?” 
“Nope. Wasn’t she at Radiology’s picking up a report for her patient?” 
“What did you say?” 
Panic started engulfing Sasha. 
Emily wasn’t in the Radiology Department. Why else would I come up here?
Sasha dashed to the nurse station, searching for Emily, but there was no sign of her there. Instead, she came face to face with Sebastian sitting in a wheelchair being pushed by a nurse. 
“What are you doing?” 
Sebastian’s attitude was cold. 
There was even slight anger etched on his expression. 
Sasha was worried sick over Vivian’s whereabouts, so she had paid no heed to Sebastian’s mood. 
“My daughter’s gone. I had Emily watch over her while I went to pick up your report. But they weren’t there when I came out.” 
The rims of her eyes were red with anxiety. 
Sebastian was taken aback. 
Daughter? 
She even brought her child here? 
She’s running around like a madwoman. I can feel her helplessness and anxiousness from afar. 
Sebastian merely stared. 
After a long while, Sebastian spoke, “Follow her and help her out.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
When Sebastian spotted Vivian, she was obediently sitting on a long bench, sucking on a lollipop.
She didn’t go anywhere. Emily received an urgent call about work, then brought Vivian to the Outpatient Department. In all of that, she had forgotten to give Sasha a call. 
Women sometimes are really dumb. 
Sebastian gestured for the nurse to push him slowly toward Vivian. 
“Your mom is looking for you. Do you know that?” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian, who was licking her lollipop, recognizing his voice, turned toward him instantly. 
Her eyes widened when she saw it was Sebastian. 
Daddy! 
It’s Daddy! 
Vivian was ecstatic. She immediately climbed down from the long bench. Her arms extended widely when she was about to run to Sebastian’s side. 
But she suddenly recalled Sasha’s instruction. 
Mommy said I shouldn’t call him Daddy because he couldn’t recognize me. 
Vivian was hurt. Her wide eyes slowly filled with tears then they streamed down her face. 
Sebastian was baffled at her reaction. 
I haven’t said anything mean, have I? Why is she crying? 
He was frantic. “Why are you crying? I didn’t scold you.”
Vivian cast him a teary glance. 
Then proceeded to bawled even louder. 
He doesn’t even recognize me anymore. Does he not remember his sweetie? 
Vivian was hurt at that thought. 
Sebastian’s temper started to spike. 
“Carry her here.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
The nurse hurried over to carry Vivian and set her in Sebastian’s lap. 
Vivian stopped crying at the sudden change of event. 
Her thoughts were cloudy, so she merely stared blankly at Sebastian with snot on her face. 
“Done crying?” 
“I’m done, Uncle Sebastian. Would you like some candy?” 
Vivian stretched her arm out, holding out the half-eaten lollipop. 
Sebastian was bewildered at her swift change. 
Where did she come from? 
She’s so naive.
Sebastian was disgusted. 
However, he didn’t throw her onto the floor, merely glanced at the full-of-saliva lollipop. “No, I don’t.” 
Vivian continued to blink her eyes with tears still hanging on her lashes. 
Daddy is sick! 
He answered me so politely like how a stranger would. 
Vivian wanted to cry again. 
“Mr. Hayes, since we have found the child. Should we return her to Dr. West? She must be worried sick searching for the child. It would be best if we could let her know.” 
“Right.” 
Sebastian rubbed his temple as he voiced his agreement. 
When they spun around, Sasha unexpectedly had arrived behind them. However, she was rooted in place, staring at Vivian in Sebastian’s lap. 
“You…”
###Chapter 717
Chapter 717
When Sasha finally got back to the ward, her eyes were downcast the entire time. She didn’t even dare to lift her eyes, afraid that Sebastian would chase both her and Vivian out of the room. 
I know I have caused some blunders amid the panic. 
I have intended to leave him with a good impression, but who would have known things would turn out this way. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’m sorry for the mess. Today is the weekend, so the school is closed. And I have to bring Vivian with me. I didn’t expect the situation would turn into chaos. I’m really sorry.” 
The frown on his face was still there since he returned to his ward, so she apologized again. 
However, Sebastian didn’t acknowledge her. 
He didn’t even spare her a glance. His gaze was fixed intently on the child in his lap. 
Sasha quickly shut her mouth. 
“Get down.” 
“Why? Uncle Sebastian, did I accidentally touch your injured arm? I’ll blow it for you. You’ll feel much better.” 
And so, Vivian, with drool hanging from her mouth, started blowing intently on Sebastian’s bandaged arm. Her cheeks were round like a pufferfish’s as she did that. 
Sebastian merely looked at her. 
The corner of his eye twitched.
He was unwilling to admit that at that moment, the small child had melted a cold and hard corner of his heart into a puddle. 
“Does it still hurt?” asked Vivian as she raised her head, looking puzzledly at Sebastian. Her round cheeks tinged with soft pink gave her a beautiful doll-like appearance. 
The corner of Sebastian’s eye twitched again. 
He had wanted to order her to get off him with saliva all over his body, but after seeing the child’s adorably naive expression, he kept his mouth sealed. 
Like mother, like daughter. 
“Dr. West, your patient’s medicine is ready. Remember to pick it up.” 
“Sure!” 
Sasha replied as she worriedly watched the scene in front of her unfold. 
This is an unexpected surprise. 
I thought Sebastian would hate children even more due to that experience. I was prepared to catch Vivian if he decided to fling her onto the floor. 
Unexpectedly, the brave Vivian managed to settle him down. 
“Mr. Hayes, could you please watch my child for a moment? I need to pick up your medication. Thank you very much.” Sasha rushed out the door as soon as the words were out of her mouth. 
Sebastian couldn’t manage to give her a response in time. 
He felt a flicker of irritation. His temple started to throb.
Vivian didn’t notice Sebastian’s mood change because her gaze was locked on the orange on the bedside table. She was hungry as she hadn’t eaten anything since she came back. 
“What are you looking at?” 
“Uncle Sebastian, I want to eat that.” 
Vivian tried her best to stretch out her arm to reach for the orange in the fruit basket. 
Sebastian’s heart softened at her trying so hard. 
He remembered he didn’t have a child. But this soft and chubby child on his lap, with a baby voice and milk scent, was starting to melt his heart. 
The rage and viciousness in him began to dim and slowly fade away. 
“Don’t move. I’ll get it for you.” Sebastian helped her grab the orange, even though his arm hurts from his injury. 
Vivian was bursting with joy with the orange in hand. 
Daddy still loves me. He helped me grab the orange despite his arm still hurting. 
Vivian then proceeded to peel the orange intently. She offered Sebastian a peel of the orange with her chubby fingers. “Uncle Sebastian, have some.” 
“I don’t want it.” 
Sebastian rejected without a second of thought.
However, Vivian was a quirky girl. Instead of feeling dejected, she stuffed the orange into his mouth when he rejected her. 
Sebastian was dumbfounded at her action, with a piece of orange in his mouth. 
“Teacher had taught us that good children will share their food with their friends.” Vivian continued to munch on the orange. 
The orange is so sweet. 
Sebastian stiffened. 
As the sweetness of orange filled his entire mouth, he savored it. 
The entire scene was heartwarming despite Sebastian not having any memory of Vivian being his daughter. 
However, if one looked closely, his eyes had softened as though the sun’s rays had finally shined their warmth into a dark and frozen land. Even though his heart hadn’t melted completely, but it was much better than how he used to be. 
It was what Sasha saw through the window when she came back from picking up his medication. 
Suddenly, she felt her eyes were about to tear up, so she quickly turned around and covered her mouth as tears started streaming down her face. 
I can finally see some hope. 
How wonderful! 
After calming herself down, she left after one final glance at the father and daughter.
She didn’t want to bother them and hoped they could be together for a little longer. It would be beneficial for Sebastian if their relationship deepens.
###Chapter 718
Chapter 718
Sasha turned to leave again. 
However, she could never have guessed that, not long after she left, someone would appear suddenly outside the ward. 
“Sebastian?” A woman’s voice, filled with both grief and rapture, sounded from the door. 
Inside the ward, the father and daughter duo were eating oranges. Both of them looked up when they heard the woman’s voice. 
M-mommy? 
Vivian’s eyes widened at the sight of the woman while Sebastian’s eyes narrowed. 
“Sasha?” he murmured. His face froze and all the color drained from his cheeks. All that was left were his emotions surging in his eyes. 
The woman standing at the door saw his expression. Tears of sadness filled her eyes. 
“Sebastian, it’s good to finally see you again. You look well, Sebastian. Make sure to take care of yourself, okay?” she said sorrowfully. 
Suddenly, her face turned into a look of horror as if she had caught sight of something terrible in front of her. 
She backed away from the door and disappeared swiftly. 
Sebastian was confused. 
His thoughts were all over the place.
He had no memory of Sasha. 
Perhaps, it was because the memory of her was too painful and he had selectively blocked her out so that he could concentrate on seeking revenge. 
However, the image of her was so clear in his subconscious mind. Her eyes and her every expression were burnt into his mind. Without thinking, he got up to follow her. 
“Daddy, where are you going?” 
Vivian finally pulled her eyes away from the door and notice her father was going after the mystery woman, wheeling himself with his still-injured hand. 
Her face went pale. She was frightened. 
That wasn’t Mommy! Mommy’s face is still injured and she was in the ward with us earlier! That woman definitely isn’t Mommy! 
Vivian had a bad feeling about the entire situation. She reached out and held onto Sebastian tightly, trying to stop him from leaving the room. 
However, Sebastian’s mind was so clouded over that he barely even noticed his daughter tugging at his arm. He heard her protesting and roughly smacked away her little hands. 
“Go away!” 
Vivian’s little mouth turned upside down immediately when she heard her father speak to her in that tone and fat tears started rolling down her cheeks. 
Daddy’s mad at me! 
Her little heart was broken.
Even worse, her father had left her after he was done yelling at her. 
Daddy… 
She stood rooted to the spot, feeling sorry for herself. She was not quite sure what to do next. 
After all, she was only a six years old little girl. 
“Sasha! Where are you going?” Sebastian roared in anger. Everyone who heard felt the hair on their arms stand. 
Vivian’s small body trembled in fear. 
Daddy, no! I can’t let Daddy go after that strange woman. She isn’t Mommy! No! 
She chased after her father on her little chubby legs. 
Ten minutes later, on the first floor of the hospital, Sebastian finally caught sight of the woman in a crowded hall. He shouted at her again, “Sasha, stop right there!” 
Hearing this, the woman stopped in her tracks. 
“Huh?” 
She turned around when she heard that shout. Suddenly, a man appeared behind her. He had a knife in his hand. 
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed sharply. 
His face turned red with anger.
The crowd around them was shocked by the scene. There were screams everywhere as every single one of them scuttled to get out the way quickly. The entire hall was in a panic. 
“Aren’t you amazing, Sebastian? You managed to chase us all the way down here even though you’re so injured.” 
The man showed no sign of fear. He pressed the knife against the woman’s neck and smirked, staring unblinkingly back at Sebastian. 
The whites of Sebastian’s eyes became bloodshot. 
“I’ll give you three seconds to let her go.” 
“Let her go? Are you kidding me, Sebastian? Look at yourself! You look like a ghost! Who are you to order me around? I can kill her right in front of you now. Do you believe me? 
He pressed the knife closer to her neck, breaking her skin. 
“Ah!” 
The woman screamed as blood flowed down her neck. 
“Stop right now!” Sebastian roared. His eyes had turned murderous the moment he saw her blood flow. He drew his gun and aimed it at the man. 
How could he have a gun? He was hospitalized! Where did the gun come from? 
The entire hall was thrown into chaos the moment Sebastian pulled out his gun. 
At that moment, hidden amongst the crowd and in places where nobody noticed, several guns were simultaneously pointed at Sebastian. The plan was to wait until he had shot the man before they opened fire on him.
Alternatively, they would wait until he had killed several more people before they made their move. 
After all, a lunatic would not stop at just taking one life. 
However, just as the man was about to pull the trigger, a child’s heart-wrenching cry called out. “Daddy, don’t!” 
She was wailing loudly. Her tiny body was pressed against the balustrade upstairs as she looked down on the scene below.
###Chapter 719
Chapter 719
She was too young to know how to take the elevator and no one had bothered to help her get downstairs. 
However, she was very perceptive for her age. She saw the scene unfold and knew immediately that bad people were trying to hurt her father. 
She would not let her father be harmed. 
She continued wailing. 
Her small face was a mess of tears and snot was bubbling out of her nose. 
When she finally caught her father’s eyes, she choked back her tears and stopped crying. She glanced at the elevator behind her. 
At that moment, the elevator door dinged open. 
“Daddy, d-don’t worry! I’m coming!” She finally broke into a smile and ran into the elevator. 
Sebastian, who was watching helplessly from downstairs, was speechless. 
His mouth fell open. All the blood drained from his face and his eyes widened. 
That’s a cargo elevator! And it’s going up! 
Sebastian’s face paled. His anger disappeared in an instant. It even slipped his mind that he was holding a gun in his hand. 
“Oh my God! Where did that little girl go? Why did she get into that cargo elevator? Didn’t she know that the elevator is going up?”
“Oh no! Something terrible is going to happen!” 
The crowd, too, reacted in fright when they saw Vivian get into the wrong elevator. 
Sebastian’s brain buzzed in panic. 
He whirled around immediately and rolled his wheelchair into the elevator that he had taken downstairs. He had completely forgotten that he was still holding a gun. 
The man who was holding the woman at knife-point was dumbfounded by the sudden turn of events. 
What is happening? Why did that kid suddenly appear and cause such a ruckus? 
The men panicked. They had no time to rethink their strategy. A murderous light flashed in the man’s eyes. He was going to play one last desperate hand. 
Hiss! 
A sharp, piercing noise sounded through the air. 
Sebastian had just entered the elevator when he caught sight of a figure rushing towards him. He only had enough time to cower in his wheelchair. A knife pierced through him, pinning him to his wheelchair. 
“You lunatic! I’ll end you today!” 
It was the man who had held the woman hostage. 
Since his kidnapping of that woman had failed to provoke Sebastian, he decided to provoke Sebastian directly. 
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed. As the man attempted to stab him a second time, his hand whipped out, quick as lightning, and grabbed the man’s wrist.
“How dare you!” he spat at the man disdainfully. A murderous light shone in his eyes. 
Suddenly, the woman who had been standing some distance away started rushing towards them. She pulled out a long, thin dagger and began to stab at Sebastian viciously. 
“Huh!” 
Sebastian was being attacked from all around him. He was forced to let go of the man’s wrist but when he whirled his wheelchair around to face the woman, the man sliced through the leather backrest of his wheelchair. 
“This crazy man is quite amazing! He’s so difficult to kill even though he’s in a wheelchair!” 
The man stared at Sebastian in shock and anger. 
The woman too, was glaring at him with a vicious look. 
She was still wearing Sasha’s face but her expression was ferocious like a snake. 
“Don’t worry. Can’t you see that he’s getting tired?” the woman sneered, looking at Sebastian’s hands. 
Sebastian stared back at them coldly. 
It was true that his hands were hurting intensely. They were already injured to start with and with all the strength that he had to exert to ward off their attacks earlier, it was impossible for his hands to hold them any longer. 
If I give in to the pain in my hands, I won’t be able to kill them! 
Sebastian slowly raised the gun in his hand. 
Bang! Bang!
Two gunshots sounded through the air. 
The man and the woman turned to look at each other in shock. There had been no time for them to react before the bullet pierced through their forehead. Less than a second later, both of them fell to the ground with a loud thud, lifeless. 
Why does he still have the gun in his hand? Didn’t the gun get knocked off his hand when we were attacking him earlier? 
Their questions went unanswered as they breathed their last on the floor. 
Sebastian had no idea that they had deliberately hidden the gun in the elevator. 
He got into the elevator without even sparing a glance for the two lifeless bodies lying on the ground. 
Neither did he pay any heed to his blood-stained hands. 
Sasha had heard the news of the commotion and rushed down from the eighth floor of the hospital. The fight was already over when she finally reached the first floor. All she saw of the scene were the two lifeless bodies and the blood pooling around them. 
Where’s Sebastian and Vivian? Where did they go? 
Her face turned white as a sheet. She heard whispers that he had gone up to the top floor. She immediately hopped into an elevator and rode up. 
She could never have guessed that once she reached the top floor, she would see two men dressed in black with guns strapped to their hips, and her daughter held tightly between them. 
“Vivi!” she shouted like a crazy woman. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. She immediately ran towards them.
“What are you doing?” 
However, before she could run towards the men and her daughter, an arm reached out to grab her, holding her sternly on the spot. 
Sasha turned in surprise. 
She glanced at the man and suddenly, it was as if all her strength had drained out of her. She fell to her knees next to him. “Help her! I beg you, please help her…” 
She grabbed his arms, her nails digging deep into his flesh, and implored him.
###Chapter 720
Chapter 720
Sebastian did not say a word, neither did he withdraw his hand. 
Like a lone wolf, he just sat in his wheelchair, staring at those two as if he was a ghost lurking in the dark. His gaze was lifeless and extremely terrifying. 
“You let go first,” he finally spoke. A sense of calmness laced his voice. 
Sasha lifted her tear-streaked face and looked at him, puzzled. 
His grim expression and icy-cold gaze were a complete contrast to the bright sunlight. There was not the slightest emotion on his deadpan face. The rays of the sun beamed down on him, giving the illusion of him wearing a golden coat. The picturesque scene looked so surreal. 
What is he planning to do? 
Sasha released her grip on him. 
“How are you going to save her?” 
“You don’t have to worry about that. You just need to leave this place with her once the child comes over. Understand?” Sebastian reminded her sternly. 
Biting her lips, Sasha watched him push the wheelchair on his own as he approached the two men in black. “All you want is this life of mine. Why bother making such a big fuss? Leave the child alone, and I’ll give you what you want.” 
“Hahaha…” Both men burst into laughter at the rooftop. 
“It’s good that you know your place, Sebastian. Great! Raise the gun and point it at your head. When I ask you to fire, I’ll return the child to you simultaneously.”
These people are so evil! They actually thought of making it look like Sebastian takes his own life just so they can wash their hands clean. 
Sasha was horrified when she saw Sebastian do as he was told, aiming the gun at his temple. 
“No!” shocked to the core, she screamed at the top of her lungs and dashed toward him. 
Is he out of his mind to come up with this idea? 
She threw herself at him and frantically snatched the gun from his hand. “Sebastian, what are you doing? Are you insane? How can you trade your life to save your daughter?” 
“Go away! This is my personal matter. It’s none of your business, so get lost!” blazed with anger, he barked. 
His eyes were filled with a strong murderous intent and his face, ferocious. He shoved her away mercilessly. 
That’s right, this is my way of saving the child. 
He already knew in advance who sent those people and for what purpose. Since that was the case, he thought it was not a big deal to trade his life for the child. After all, both mother and daughter had nothing to do with the matter right from the very beginning. 
However, the woman seemed adamant she was not going to let him do it. 
“Why does it have nothing to do with me? You’re a selfish jerk. You’re always like this, making your own decisions for everyone else. How do you know that it doesn’t concern me? Huh?” Sasha retorted furiously and stared at him with a pair of bloodshot eyes. 
Indeed, he’s a total je*k, exactly like what he was half a year ago!
Sasha’s nails started cracking as blood streamed down the grip of the gun. 
In a short distance away, Vivian, who was held by the man in black, wailed loudly as she caught a glance of her parents. “Daddy… Mommy… Save me, Mommy…” 
A miserable cry of agony cut through the air, piercing through everyone’s heart. 
Seeing how things were going off tangent, the man who had Vivian in his arms, lifted her up in the air. 
“Mommy!” her terrified voice yelled from mid-air. 
Upon hearing that, Sasha shuddered in fear, and subconsciously released her grip on the gun. 
“No!” 
Thump! 
Before anything could happen, a man was pushed down to the ground violently. 
“I dare you to lay a finger on her!” he bellowed like a beast. Next, he pulled the trigger. 
Bang! 
For a moment, time seemed to have stood still. The air surrounding them was as thick as butter; the tension so sharp one could nearly cut it. 
At a loss, Sasha froze to the spot. A strong sense of horror, despair, and fury overwhelmed her. 
She was completely paralyzed, not able to think at all. 
Then, the gun dropped into a pool of blood on the ground. Startled, she gradually recovered her senses.
“You’re crazy! What do you think you’re doing?” she picked up the gun and shouted at the man. Being emotionally broken, she wished she could slap him in order to relieve her raging self. 
As for that man, Sebastian, he shifted his gaze from his bruised finger to the gun in Sasha’s hand, and finally, the slim flying dart laying on the floor. Frowning, he looked up. 
A towering figure appeared out of nowhere. He was very sturdy and vigorous, just like a cheetah. 
He stood in between the two men in black. 
Who is this guy? When did he appear? 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes at him.
###Chapter 721
Chapter 721
At that critical moment, that agile figure jumped off the railing and attacked the two men in black, who had not even realized what was going on. 
Something shiny flickered… 
“Close your eyes, Vivi.” 
“Okay…” she sobbed. 
Within moments, blood gushed out from the neck of one of the men in black. He could not even resist a little throughout the whole process. 
Another man saw that and quickly fished out his gun, but it was too late. 
Had they not been so vicious to use a child to threaten Sebastian to kill himself, they might live to see the sun tomorrow. However, it’s not the case now. 
The man, who had just saved Vivian, shot a death stare at the culprit. Then, he threw a dart which landed perfectly at the latter’s throat. 
Within a second, he fell to the ground and became lifeless. 
This man is quite skilful! 
Although Sebastian did not show any emotions on his face, he was impressed with the man’s skills. A glimpse of admiration flashed across his unrelenting eyes. 
“Mommy…” 
“Vivi, my sweetie!” When Sasha regained her senses, she rushed over and hugged her rescued daughter tightly. She was not able to calm herself down for a long while.
Seeing all these, Karl felt so bad. 
I should have insisted on following them to the hospital had I known this would happen. 
He approached the man in the wheelchair. His eyes welled up when he saw the current condition of his previously smug-looking boss. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you all right? How could you attempt something so silly just now?” 
Speechless, Sebastian’s face darkened. 
I’m grateful that he saved me, but what rights does he have to lecture me? 
He became hostile again. “Who are you? Why are you here?” 
Karl was taken aback by his questions. 
He gazed at Sasha who was weeping silently for several seconds, hoping for an answer. Then, he responded sadly, “Mr. Hayes, don’t you remember me? I’m Karl Frost. I have been serving you for a very long time.” 
“Karl?” Sebastian repeated his name a few times. 
Karl nodded. “Yes, I’ve been working for you for five years since that time you saved me from the hands of the terrorists in Smealand. I’ve been with you all this while, helping you to manage the bodyguards. Don’t you remember, Mr. Hayes?” 
He added, “I was also with you when the accident happened.” 
The last line rang a bell and triggered some of Sebastian’s past memories.
The name “Karl” does appear in the memory within this personality of mine. In fact, he’s one of those that I want to avenge. In that list, there’s also Shawn, Calvin, Frieda, my father, as well as Sasha. 
He remembered all of those names. However, he could not put a face to that name, especially when Karl was already dead in his memory. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes at him at that thought. “Aren’t you dead? Why are you still here?” 
What a question! 
Karl explained, “No, I was severely injured back then. When you were taken away by the Jadesons, I was sent to the hospital by the police. After battling for a few months, I survived.” 
“I see.” Sebastian finally understood. 
Though he answered placidly, there was a sparkle in his otherwise cold eyes. 
Due to the sudden occurrence of an untoward incident, there was chaos at the hospital. Apart from the police who came, Grayson also contacted Jonathan at the first instant when he learned that the incident involved Sebastian. 
When everyone came down from the rooftop with the child in Sasha’s arm, they ran into Jonathan. 
“What’s going on? Why is there a sudden shooting at the hospital? What did you do?” the old man bombarded Sebastian with a list of questions as soon as they met. 
A scornful expression appeared on Sebastian’s face as he gazed at Jonathan coldly. 
“It’s not that. This has got nothing to do with Mr. Hayes. Somebody wanted to assassinate him. They even used my daughter as bait and threatened him to take his own life. Thankfully, the rescue came in the nick of time,” suppressing her anger, Sasha clarified right away.
When she had finished explaining, the old man stared daggers at her. His gaze was interrogative. 
“Your daughter? Why is she here? You’re a mere care worker. Why would they threaten him with your daughter? Or am I mistaken about your relationship with him?” The whole ward buzzed with his inquisitorial voice. 
Sasha’s face was ghastly white. 
She was caught off guard by Jonathan. She did not expect him to be so sharp that he was able to catch a crucial point as soon as she mentioned her daughter.
###Chapter 722
Chapter 722
“We aren’t related, we…” 
“Why are you spewing so much nonsense? Didn’t you want to use them to kill me? Since they couldn’t do it, you can do the honors. Why the need of finding so many excuses?” the man in the wheelchair uttered. 
Though his expression was calm and his tone of voice was indifferent, his words were exceptionally harsh and sarcastic. 
Instantly, Jonathan turned sour as if he had been slapped in the face. 
“You…” He clenched his fists and cracked his knuckles, but he managed to control his temper in the end. 
Looking sullen, he gave him a warning. “Don’t be so full of yourself, Sebastian. You’re going to regret it one day!” 
Sebastian scoffed. 
Regret? The thing that I regretted the most was to be born into the Jadeson family. 
Shortly after, Jonathan left. 
He requested his men to take care of all the corpses and did not pursue the matter anymore. Since he did not mention what would he do to Sebastian, the incident was left as it was. 
Sweeping the matter under the carpet was an unfair thing to do. This was clearly an intentional murder case. Who’s the mastermind? Jonathan is well aware of that; yet, he chose to do nothing about it. This is upsetting.
“Just ignore him. Most importantly, Mr. Hayes is safe. The rest is secondary,” Grayson advised Sasha. 
She nodded in response. 
That’s right, as long as he’s safe and sound. What do I expect from such a terrible family? 
Sasha dropped the topic and stopped thinking about it. Then, they went back to the ward. 
Vivian was still in immense shock. So, Sasha decided not to stay in the hospital. Karl, on the other hand, would protect Sebastian in secret. 
“I’m going to bring Vivi home, Mr. Hayes. If you need anything, please call the nurse,” she reminded him politely before leaving. 
At that time, Sebastian was reading quietly on the bed. 
After the incident during the day, the wound on his hand cracked open. The nurse had to bandage him again. Right then, he was leaning on the bed and reading from the small table used for meals. 
Sasha waited for his response, but she was greatly disappointed that he did not even cast a glance at her. 
Besides the hustling sounds from the air-conditioning, there was pin-drop silence in the ward, as if she did not exist in the room. 
Fine, dealing with him is a waste of time. 
When Sasha was about to leave with her child, he said, “You don’t have to come tomorrow.” 
“Huh?” She stopped in her tracks, stunned. “Why? I’m your doctor, why shouldn’t I be here?”
“My attending physician is Grayson, not you. I’ll inform him about this. Starting from tomorrow, you don’t need to come here anymore” 
He was resolute and cold. Sasha was hurt that she had been denied the acknowledgment of being his doctor. In addition, she was also asked not to attend to him anymore. Her face paled. 
For a moment, she could not make sense out of what the man had just said. 
No, why did he say that all of a sudden? Didn’t we just go through a near-death experience this afternoon? Why hasn’t our relationship gotten any better? Instead, he’s shooing me away once all of that was over! 
Sasha was baffled. 
She wanted to ask further but was interrupted by the new nurse. “Dr. West, since the patient no longer requires your care, I think it’s best you take your leave now lest he gets upset.” 
With that said, the nurse ushered both mother and child out of the room. 
Sasha faltered at the door. She took one last peep at the man through the crack. After seeing his cold expression, she left with Vivian, feeling aggrieved. 
Why does he act this way all of a sudden? 
With that disturbing thought, Sasha left the hospital. 
Ten minutes later, Grayson came to the ward after receiving the news. 
“I heard that you drove my assistant away? What’s wrong? Is it because of what happened today, Mr. Jadeson? Are you afraid that she won’t be safe if she’s around you and might get into trouble?”
Smiling, Grayson grabbed a chair and took a seat in front of the bed. 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian, who was enjoying some music, immediately turned grim and denied, “No!” 
“Then, why don’t you let her treat you? I have told you before, even though she’s my assistant, she’s got great skills. You did notice, didn’t you? Your insomnia as well as the wounds on your body have improved vastly under her care.” Grayson tried using his recovery to persuade him. 
However, Sebastian remained indifferent. 
In fact, Grayson’s method backfired. “Why are you here for? Decoration? How can you ask an assistant to treat your patient?” mocked Sebastian. 
Grayson was rendered speechless. 
This guy is such a nuisance. Why is he so stubborn? 
Grayson was left with no choice but to go with his idea. He stood up and said, “Fine. Since you have rejected her, I’ll assign her to take care of other patients. As for you, I’ll make other arrangements.”
###Chapter 723
Chapter 723
Then, he left. 
Initially, the man appeared to be minding his own business and enjoying the music. But his enthusiasm faded almost instantly once the person left the ward. 
Annoyance and anger overwhelmed him as he aggressively pulled the earplugs out of his ears. 
Too much free time? 
It’s all about controlling what I do! 
… 
Sasha didn’t sleep well that night. 
The thought of not being there to take care of Sebastian was depressing. She tossed and turned in bed and couldn’t get a good night’s sleep. 
The next day, Karl was shocked at the sight of her. 
“Madam, what’s wrong? Why do you look so tired?” he asked. 
“Don’t worry about it.” Sasha brushed it off. 
Sasha refused to tell him the truth. All she did was shake her head. 
Ironically, it was Vivian who spilled the beans. “Mr. Frost, Mommy fought with Daddy last night. That’s why she looks tired.” 
“What?” Karl raised his head perplexedly, “You two fought? What happened?” 
Last night, Karl was secretly hiding in a corner far from the ward.
Therefore, he missed out on the fight. 
Sasha sighed. “Not sure what pissed him off. He said that we are not allowed to take care of him anymore.” 
“What?” Karl was baffled! 
“How can that be? If you’re not there to take care of him, how is he going to get better? There must be a valid reason if he wants you to stop doing that.” 
Karl was holding a slice of bread in his hand while he reminisced the time when he first met him after the accident. The fact that he could not remember him was frustrating. 
Sasha’s emotional turbulence intensified. 
That’s true. He is so different from who he once was. 
Nonetheless, Sasha decided to visit the hospital once more. She was not a person who would give up easily. 
She took a cab to the hospital after entrusting Vivian with Karl. 
“Dr. West, please come over. According to the instructions of Dr. Wallen, you’re the doctor for the patient at Ward 15,” informed Sasha’s colleague. 
“What?” She could not believe what she just heard. 
As she arrived in the hospital, she was hit with the news about her transfer. 
The patient at Ward 15? 
Isn’t him the newly admitted patient? What has that got to do with me?
Sasha panicked and pestered her colleague further. “What about Mr. Hayes? Who’s attending to him?” 
He replied, “The surgeon who just returned from his overseas studies.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
A surgeon is involved? 
What is this nonsense? 
Troubled by confusion and hopelessness, her immediate thought was to look for Grayson. However, she was informed by his secretary that he was out for a meeting and would only return tomorrow. 
This is ridiculous… 
She was fuming with anger. 
Cornered, she could only return to the inpatient department. Her initial plan was to wait for Grayson’s return. 
“Dr. West, this is your patient’s medical records. Please take a look. He just finished surgery.” The doctor on the night shift passed a stack of medical records to her. 
At this stage, Sasha did not have a choice but to focus on the work before her. 
At the end of the day, she was still a doctor. 
Sasha brought the medical records with her and arrived at patient Ward 15. 
“Baylor White?” She was flipping through the records while asking for him. 
“That is correct,” he replied.
A soothing male voice echoed through the ward. Sasha was dumbstruck for a moment and lifted her head. 
“You… are Baylor?” She couldn’t believe it. 
She was spooked out. It was rather shocking that a teenager like him would be diagnosed with end- stage lung cancer. 
“What’s the surprise?” Baylor appeared to be used to her reaction. He smiled in confirmation. 
Sasha was lost for words. 
At that instant, a deep sense of guilt budded in her heart. 
Just moments ago, all she could think of was to get over with the patient and to look for Sebastian. 
“That’s not what I mean. Anyways, I’m your doctor. My name is West, Macy West. You can call me Dr. West,” she swiftly introduced herself. 
Sasha pointed at her badge. Then, she started striking casual conversations with the young teenager before her. 
Frankly speaking, he was not a teenager. He was twenty-four but didn’t look his age. Perhaps this could be attributed to his sickness, which caused his frail and debilitated figure. 
“Dr. Macy West, that’s a cute name. Alright, how can I help you?” he asked. 
“You just finished your surgery yesterday. We need to do a blood test for you. What say I direct you there now?” she replied. 
Sasha put down the medical records and started approaching him.
Patients who suffered end-stage lung cancer had lowered immune systems due to the metastasis of cancer cells. Hence, surgery was usually not recommended. The viable treatment would often be needle biopsy and chemotherapy.
###Chapter 724
Chapter 724
Sasha held out her hand to help him. 
Baylor was a person who would almost always refuse help. He was not a fan of sympathy. Looking weak in front of others disgusted him. 
However, it felt different if the person offering help was a doctor with beautiful eyes. Most importantly, there was not a hint of sympathy in those eyes. 
“Dr. West, are you my doctor from now on? Baylor asked. 
“Maybe for a couple of days,” she answered. 
Sasha did not notice the disappointment in his eyes as she was pushing his wheelchair out of the ward. 
Baylor was speechless. 
Just before he could say anything, the duo bumped into a person in a wheelchair. The next second, the hands that were supposed to be on his wheelchair let go all of a sudden. 
“Mr. Hayes, Mr. Hayes…” 
Sasha sped towards the other person and abandoned Baylor on the spot. 
What kind of doctor is this? 
A moment ago, he was fond of her. His impression changed, understandably, when he was left alone in the hallway. 
Baylor was furious. He stood up from his wheelchair and chased after them.
“Mr. Hayes, where are you heading too? Please hear me out. I wanted to visit you this morning but I was assigned to patient fifteen. I have no choice but to attend to him first.” 
Sasha finally caught up with him. As she was struggling to catch her breath, she was also busy explaining herself. 
Truth be told, she didn’t know why there was a need for her to explain. 
He was the person who chased her out yesterday. 
“You are not my doctor anymore. I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. I don’t need you in my ward,” replied Sebastian coldheartedly. 
Sasha’s face was ghastly white. 
She was not an undignified person. 
But there was a reason behind her persistence. All she wanted was to take care of him and to nurse him back to health. 
We are husband and wife! 
Sasha swallowed the hard pill and braced herself. “Mr. Hayes, can you please let me take care of you? Did you chase me away yesterday because of my daughter? I will never bring her over anymore!” Sasha pleaded. 
She pitifully begged for his forgiveness. She innocently believed that her daughter was the reason behind his anger. 
However, the man before her remained indifferent.
“How can you be such a thick-skinned person? I have been very clear about my wishes, but you still choose to defy them. Do you really want me to file a complaint to Grayson? You’ll be fired by then!” he continued to lambast her. 
Every word he said stabbed deeply into her heart. 
Even though he was a completely different person, his crudeness remained. Every word managed to stir up ripples of hurtful emotions in his victims. 
Tearing their heart apart. 
Sasha just remained quiet. 
She stood there motionlessly and stared at him. Her disappointment and sadness unmasked. 
“Macy, what are you doing here? Didn’t I assign you to patient fifteen? Why are you still here? You’re not exempted from the rules just because you are Dr. Wallen’s student. The hospital will punish you regardless!” Sasha found herself to be in an even more precarious position when the surgeon bumped into them. 
Without mercy, she reproached her for ignoring his instructions. 
Sasha clenched her fists tightly. 
She took one last look at the emotionless man before leaving, tears streaming down her cheeks in the process. 
She knew very well that it was not his fault. 
However, she was still devastated.
Sasha mindlessly returned to the patient at Ward 15. The wheelchair he was seated in was empty. 
Where is he? 
She was stupefied and clueless. 
“Dr. West, I’m inside.” Baylor’s voice came from the ward. 
Sasha regained her senses and pushed the wheelchair in. “Why are you back in the ward? I apologize for my abrupt action just now. I was a little bit…” 
“Do you know the young master of the Jadesons? Were you his attending doctor?” Baylor interrupted her sentence. He remained calm even after the unpleasant event moments ago. 
The young master of the Jadesons? 
The title sounded strange to her. 
“I don’t know him. It’s just that I was assigned by Dr. Wallen to take care of him. What about you, Baylor?” she threw the question back to him. 
“Of course, I know him. Isn’t he the latest member who reunited with the Jadesons?” Baylor’s snicker was laced with a subtle element of mockery. 
… 
It is true that no one in Jadeborough would have treated him with respect.
###Chapter 725
Chapter 725
Everyone thought that he was an illegitimate child. As Frieda’s son, his status was unbefitting to be part of the elite family! 
Sasha was annoyed, so she refused to speak with him. 
Meanwhile, in front of the lift, Sebastian stopped the surgeon from pushing his wheelchair further. 
“Mr. Hayes?” she asked. 
“Leave!” he yelled. 
He was unapproachable and aloof as if every single person around him was his greatest enemy. 
The surgeon was stunned. 
Leave? 
How can I let that happen? She put in a lot of effort devising this plan for his recovery. Most importantly, this was a golden opportunity for her to build a good relationship with the Jadesons. 
She was unwilling to give up that easily. 
“Mr. Hayes, this surgery is a very sophisticated and effective treatment. It speeds up the recovery of your limbs and will not cause any scarring. Let’s just proceed, shall we?” she tried to persuade him. 
“Get lost!” Sebastian growled. 
He shot her down without mercy. 
Then, without any assistance, he maneuvered his wheelchair out of the area.
The surgeon was dumbfounded and did not know how to react. After quite some time, only then she stomped on the ground as exasperation fulminated within her. 
“What is this? He has the audacity to chase me away! Does he know who I am? My father is the diplomat of the White House! It’s a privilege for an illegitimate child like him to even speak to me!” 
She unhappily cursed before leaving. 
Sebastian returned to his ward. 
Initially, he wanted to return home immediately. However, when he passed by the hallway, he noticed the patient at Ward 15. For some reason, he was drawn towards that direction. 
“Dr. West, what perfume are you using? You smell great!” Baylor was trying to get into her good books. 
“I don’t use any,” Sasha coldly replied. 
Sasha was holding a very long suction tube while being bent over the undressed patient. 
As an end-stage lung cancer patient, it was very easy for fluid to accumulate in his lungs. Hence, suctioning was the recommended solution to relieve his pain and at the same time avoid surgery. 
Sasha wore a pair of surgical gloves while navigating across his chest to identify the correct location. 
“Dr. West, relax. There’s very little risk of infection. Why don’t you take off your gloves and try again? That way, it will be easier and more accurate.” Baylor suggested. 
“What?” 
Sasha’s went wide-eyed with his absurd proposal.
“Are you kidding me? Any sort of treatment carries the risk of infection. Utmost caution must be exercised!” She was not amused. 
Ironically, her widened eyes resembled that of an innocent child. 
Baylor finally stopped fooling around. However, when Sasha lowered her head, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath. The corner of his lips visibly lifted into a smirk. 
He showed great satisfaction. 
“You!” 
Sebastian was gripping tightly on his wheelchair. 
He stared furiously at the two of them, like a beast waiting to pounce. 
“Macy West!” he thundered. 
“Yes?” she responded immediately. 
She turned her head around, confused. 
Only to spot the aggrieved man before her. 
“Mr. Hayes, why are you here?” she asked as she was confused. 
The hurtful comments and treatment that she received just moments ago vanished from her mind. 
She dropped everything and cheerfully leapt in his direction. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you looking for me?” she asked. 
…
Suddenly, Sebastian came to his senses. 
At the same time, he was puzzled and confused. 
Am I crazy? Why did I ask for her? 
What was with that outrage? Why am I so angry? Is she related to me? 
A few seconds later, he finally blurted out an anticlimactic response, “Where’s my book?” 
Book? 
When Sasha heard that, she was disappointed. 
She genuinely thought that Sebastian was looking for her. 
“I left it on the bedside table. Is it not there?” she asked. 
“No,” he replied. 
“Then, do you need me to help look for it?” she carefully uttered the sentence. Nevertheless, deep down, hope reignited within her. 
At this point, she was not asking for much. All she wanted was to spend time with him. Be it ten minutes or an hour, she would be happy. 
Since he needed help, he hesitantly accepted her offer. 
Sasha was thrilled. Right away, she helped Baylor settle down and left with Sebastian. 
“He’s Alfred’s son. It’s best if you stay away from him,” Sebastian reprimanded her.
“What?” Sasha was shocked. 
She was taken aback by his comment. 
“Alfred? Who’s Alfred?” She seemed lost. 
How can she not know who Alfred is? 
Sebastian abruptly lashed out, “Are you a pig? How can you not know who Alfred is? He’s the leader of the White House, the president of the country!” 
Sasha went numb. 
Da*n!
###Chapter 726
Chapter 726
Sasha pushed him back to his ward and found the book. 
“Mr. Hayes, how come there isn’t anyone in your room? Where are the doctor and nurses? How come they are not here? Your hand hasn’t recovered yet.” 
After handing him the book, she looked around. When she noticed no one was around to care for him, she was worried. 
Although she was heartbroken after being chased out, his personal safety was still her utmost importance. 
Sebastian said nothing. After taking the book, he pushed himself to the side of the bed and looked as if he wanted to get onto the bed. 
The moment Sasha saw that, she went over to assist him. “Do you want to get onto the bed? Let me help you.” 
Then, she stretched out and held his arm. 
This was the most intimate contact they had. In the past, Sasha was required to don a protective suit and gloves before Sebastian allowed her to come into his room. 
To Sasha’s pleasant surprise, there was not much reaction from him. 
He glanced at her for a while and stood up with her help. 
“Mmm…” 
“What? I’m sorry. Did I hurt you? Are you in pain?” Sasha got so scared when she heard a moan from him.
She immediately looked up at him, only to find a pair of cold and indifferent dark eyes staring back at her. 
Sasha was stunned. 
The aloof estrangement was apparent in those attractive inky eyes of his. 
No one knew that once upon a time, those eyes looked at her with nothing but passion and love. 
Sasha could not help but reach out and caress his eyebrows. 
Sebastian was taken aback and swayed for a few seconds. 
He caught a whiff of her scent all of a sudden. 
It was not the fragrance of any perfume. Instead, it was a light, refreshing fruity scent. Her scent evoked a feeling of familiarity within him. 
He was at a loss for thoughts. 
“Sebby…” 
Her slightly cool fingers were stroking his eyebrows. 
He got a shock all of a sudden. 
In an instant, he regained his consciousness. 
“What are you doing?” Sebastian acted as if he was being stung by something, and he pushed Sasha away furiously. 
She sure has guts! How dare she touch me like this?
Thump! 
Since Sasha also got lost for that moment, she was caught off guard by his action. She hit the wheelchair and fell to the ground awkwardly. 
“Ah!” she called out in pain. 
However, Sebastian did not seem to hear her. 
At that moment, he was completely absorbed in his anger and could not believe that he behaved in an inappropriate manner with a married woman. He hated her even more for doing what she did. 
“So, is this why you are here?” 
“What?” 
Sasha got up and looked at him in a daze. “What do you mean?” 
“You are here to seduce me! Macy, are all married women like you? When you see men, you can’t help yourself but pounce on them? It was like this with Baylor White, and now with me as well. Aren’t you disgusted with yourself? Is your husband aware of your true colors?” Sebastian told her off irately. 
Every single word of his was mean and vicious like a knife. 
How can a man like him always say such malicious things? 
Sasha finally understood, and her face turned pale. “What rubbish are you talking about? When did I seduce anybody? All I did just now was…” 
She wanted very much to tell him the reason for her earlier behavior.
Being so deeply in love with him, it was understandable for her to act uncontrollably. 
However, before she could finish her sentence, Sebastian added, “What? You can’t explain yourself, can you? Why would Grayson hire you? Are all the other women in the world dead?” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Those harsh words hurt her so badly. Sitting right there on the floor, she felt her heart turning cold. 
“Yes, they are all dead. Do you really want to know why Grayson hired me? That’s because I’m having an affair with him. Why else would he hire a disgusting woman like me?” 
After a pause, she continued, “Also, I am not interested in a sickly and temperamental man like you. Let me tell you something. Any other man is better than you!” 
Sasha was so infuriated that she rebuked him. 
The moment she stopped talking, a terrifying air engulfed the room. Sebastian looked like he was going to swallow her alive.
###Chapter 727
Chapter 727
“Get out!” 
Sasha trembled and decided to leave. 
As she was leaving, she said, “Sebastian, let me tell you again. I’m not interested in you. I would rather be with Baylor than be with you.” 
Bam! 
Something hit the door. 
The whole ward was shaken by the loud bang. 
That son of a b*tch! He deserves it! 
Sasha ran to Ward 15. Baylor was still in there waiting for her. When he saw her running back, he was stunned. “Is everything all right?” 
She pouted and said, “Ignore him. He’s a crazy guy!” 
Baylor smiled and said nothing. 
Half an hour later, Baylor had his blood drawn. Sasha received a call from Grayson when she was pushing Baylor back to his room. 
“Ms. Wand, what’s going on? How did things become worse between you and your husband? He just called me and told me to fire you!” 
For a long while, Sasha kept quiet. All she did was stand in one corner while holding the phone. 
“Dr. Wallen, he thinks I have a motive for getting close to him.”
“That’s true,” uttered Grayson. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
There was no way for her to explain herself. 
In the end, Sasha told Grayson that it was better for her to keep away from Sebastian for the time being. She had no idea what sparked him off, and he lost his temper very easily. 
His temper was more atrocious than before. 
Grayson shrugged and said, “All right then. I will arrange for you to be transferred so that he won’t be able to see you.” 
Sasha nodded. “Thank you, Dr. Wallen.” 
From that day on, she was being transferred to the internal medicine department. 
However, when she got there, the first patient assigned to her was still Baylor. 
“Aren’t you in the surgical department? What are you doing here?” 
“Oh, my illness doesn’t really belong to any particular department. I just feel that you are a very responsible doctor, so when I heard that you have been transferred to the internal medicine department, I came here as well.” 
She could not believe that Baylor was so blatant. 
Sasha felt embarrassed. 
Just because he is the son of the president, he can do whatever he wants?
There was nothing Sasha could do, and he ended up under her care. Soon, two days went by. 
“Mommy, are you going to the hospital again today?” 
That morning, when Vivian saw Sasha packing her bag, she climbed up onto her lap. 
She gave her daughter a hug and nodded. “Yes, I have to go to work.” 
Vivian stared at her with her huge eyes and asked, “How come you don’t take care of Daddy? You have been taking care of another guy.” 
Sasha was taken aback. “How did you know that I haven’t been taking care of Daddy? You didn’t follow me to the hospital for the past two days. How did you find out about all these?” 
Vivian was stumped. 
Oh, sh*t! I mustn’t let the secret out. 
It turned out that Matt and Ian had told her to place her mini surveillance device which she brought back from Miralaea on Sasha’s white coat. 
Vivian started to think fast of a way to get out of her predicament. 
“Mr. Frost said so.” 
“Mr. Frost?” Sasha was surprised. “He told you that?” 
“Yes. He said you are no longer taking care of Daddy and told me not to visit Daddy. Mommy, can I visit Daddy today? I miss him a lot.”
Actually, Vivian was a smart girl. It was just that with Matt and Ian around, she never had to put in the effort to crack her head. 
Sasha hesitated. 
In truth, she had been disappointed and worried about Sebastian for the past two days since she had been transferred to the internal medicine department. 
There had not been any news about Sebastian for the past two days. 
After her transfer, he did not even ask about her. There were a few times when she phoned him or sneaked a peep at him. The ward he was in was eerily quiet. It felt as if he had no memories of her being there at all. 
Well, what am I expecting? He has chased me away. Of course, he won’t remember me. 
What should I do now? 
I can’t let things go on like this, can I? 
Sasha looked at her daughter, and at last, she gave in. 
“All right. I’ll take you to the hospital on one condition. When you see Daddy, can you please not tell him that I’m the one who brings you there?” 
“Okay.” 
Vivian agreed. 
After that, Sasha took her to the hospital.
When they arrived at the internal medicine department, Baylor got a shock when he saw the adorable Vivian. 
“Dr. West, are you already married?” 
“Yes, I am her daughter. My mommy is already married.” 
Vivian did not like her mother’s new patient. She had heard from her brothers about how annoying Baylor was and that he took up much of Sasha’s time.
###Chapter 728
Chapter 728
“Big Boy, please don’t miss Mommy. She’s got Daddy already. My daddy is much cooler and much more handsome than you.” 
Hearing that, Baylor displayed an awkward expression. 
Fortunately, Sasha came in at that moment. She immediately covered the latter’s mouth as she heard about what her daughter said. “I’m so sorry, Mr. White. Please forgive the kid’s bluntness.” 
“It’s fine…” 
Baylor let out a smile, lying in his bed, while his eyes displayed a hint of disappointment. 
Sasha brought her daughter out and returned after a while, holding the medical device Baylor needed to use daily. 
“Where’s the kid?” 
“I’ve brought her to the doctor’s duty room. Mr. White, I apologize for this. But today is the weekend, and the preschool is not open. So I have no choice but to bring her over here.” 
Sasha immediately explained her situation, fearing that Baylor might be displeased. 
However, Baylor did not show any displeasure except for his slight disappointment. 
Meanwhile, at the surgical ward, Sebastian was doing his checkup too. He was about to get discharged soon. These few days, the surgeon seemed to be working very diligently. 
“Mr. Hayes, there’s not much problem with your leg anymore. You can take off the bandages anytime. But I suggest you wait for two more days for your hand. What do you think?” 
The surgeon had deliberately put on makeup today.
Even though she was already wearing a mask, she was forced to wear two layers of protective gear. 
“Anything’s fine.” 
Sebastian responded coldly without even lifting his head. 
The surgeon was somewhat offended by his response. 
Nonetheless, she did not dare to express her displeasure. After all, Sebastian had agreed to stay for a few more days. With that in mind, she felt better. 
“Okay. Then, I’ll extend your stay for two more days. By the way, do you still want to carry on with the treatment package that I arranged for you the last time?” 
When Sebastian was about to open his mouth, he suddenly noticed a tiny figure emerging from the door. 
“Uncle Sebastian, good morning. I’m here to visit you. Am I welcomed here?” 
Vivian, who was wearing cute baby crocodile overalls, suddenly showed up. Sebastian’s heart skipped a beat upon seeing her. 
Why does she come here suddenly? 
“Uncle Sebastian, are you not happy to see me? Do you still recognize me? I’m Vivi.” 
Vivian, standing at the door, felt a little sad as Sebastian seemed reluctant to open his mouth. At that moment, her eyes started brimming with tears. 
Upon seeing that, Sebastian immediately said, “I’m glad you’re here. Please come over.” 
Putting down the book in his hands, he responsively stretched out his arms.
Only then did Vivian let out a smile. 
The next second, she ran joyously into her father’s embrace. 
“Uncle Sebastian…” Her sweet voice could melt anyone’s heart. 
The surgeon who was witnessing beside was stunned momentarily. 
She was at a loss as she saw Sebastian treat this little girl with such warmth, contrasting with his previous cold attitude. Not to mention, Sebastian finally displayed a faint smile on his face. 
Needless to say, she was utterly jealous. 
Who the h*ck is this little girl? How is she able to make him smile? 
“How did you come here? Where’s your mom?” 
“Mommy is taking care of another patient. Uncle Sebastian, why doesn’t Mommy take care of you? Let me tell you. Big Boy isn’t treating Mommy nicely. He doesn’t even allow me to stay in his ward.” 
After Vivian found a comfortable gesture in Sebastian’s embrace, she began complaining. 
Of course, someone was teaching her those words in her ears. 
At that instant, a dark expression loomed over Sebastian’s face. 
“Your mom asked for it!” 
“What?” 
Vivian lifted her head instantly as she could not wrap her head around his response.
Why is it my mom’s fault? We should blame Big Boy, shouldn’t we? 
Vivian’s gaze was filled with utter puzzlement. 
“Mr. Hayes, is her mother Macy, the previous doctor that was in charge of you?” The surgeon beside finally came to the realization. 
Yet, both Sebastian and Vivian ignored her question. 
With that, the surgeon was enraged with embarrassment. 
“That’s right, Vivian. Your mom’s patient is the most difficult in this hospital. He has a lot of requests. A couple of doctors have been chased out by him.” 
“Really?” 
Vivian who was only six was startled by that sentence. 
If Mom got chased out too, what will happen to Dad? She won’t be able to save Dad then. 
Panicked, Vivian immediately climbed out of Sebastian’s embrace. “Uncle Sebastian, I don’t want Mommy to get complained. If she has to leave here, we won’t have money to feed ourselves.” 
Vivian choked on her words as tears began welling up in her eyes.
###Chapter 729
Chapter 729
Sebastian’s face darkened instantly. 
That’s preposterous. That won’t ever happen to them. 
At that moment, his heart was overwhelmed with utter wrath. 
“Get lost from my sight!” 
“What?” The surgeon was shocked and could not believe what she heard. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes and feigned a furious look toward her. With that, she nervously left the ward without any delay. 
What a scary man. 
After the surgeon left, Sebastian began comforting Vivian. 
“Don’t worry. Your mom will be fine.” 
“Are you sure?” Vivian stared at him skeptically. 
Sebastian nodded with utter patience. “Yes, I won’t let anything happen to her.” 
He merely wanted to ease her emotions. 
Nevertheless, Vivian took his words seriously, and she was not worried about her mother anymore. Lying back into his embrace, they spent a long time together listening to music and reading. 
It felt just like the old times. 
When Sasha finished all her works and came here, Vivian had already dozed off.
Staring secretly from the window, Sasha saw Sebastian reading his book while patting Vivian’s back gently with his other hand. 
That was something he used to do a long time ago. 
Some habits had gone so deep that they still stayed in one’s mind even after changing one’s personality. 
At that instant, Sasha’s eyes reddened. After collecting herself outside, she opened the door and entered the ward. 
“Vivi… Mr. Hayes, my colleague didn’t guard her well. So sorry for troubling you.” 
Sasha pretended to be breathing heavily and displayed a guilty look. 
Sebastian was still cajoling the kid at that moment. 
After seeing Sasha barged in suddenly, he responsively hugged Vivian tighter. “Please keep your voice down. Didn’t you see she’s sleeping?” 
Sasha was rendered speechless by that. 
She immediately covered her mouth with her hands, secretly elated. “I’m sorry…” 
She really liked to see him like this, as this was the man she knew. 
“Have you done solving your troubles?” 
“…Yes.” Sasha realized what he was asking and immediately nodded her head. 
Sebastian let out a chuckle upon hearing her reply. “It looks like you enjoy serving others and humbling yourself here.”
Sasha was dumbfounded by his statement. 
He’s provoking me again! 
She had no intention to argue with him. After pondering for a while, she gave a genuine answer. 
“I don’t like it, but I have to do it for my family and my loved ones. Sometimes we need to make choices that we don’t like, don’t we?” 
Upon saying that, she cast a firm gaze into Sebastian’s eyes. 
Sebastian was dumbstruck for a moment. 
Obviously, he did not expect her to say such a thing in a composed manner. 
Plus, he felt there was something different in her eyes. 
Compared to before, she had become more courageous and passionate with her life. Eventually, Sebastian shifted his gaze away first. 
“It’s up to you then.” There was a wave of slight anger in his tone. 
Sasha was left speechless. 
And before she could utter another word, someone showed up from outside. 
“Dr. West, I’ve been looking for you. Could you please head back now? Mrs. White is here.” A doctor rushed in and told Sasha nervously. 
Mrs. White?
Sasha was stunned momentarily, unable to clear her thoughts. “Which Mrs. White? What does she have anything to do with me?” 
The doctor stomped his feet in anxiousness. “How could you say that? She’s Baylor’s mother. I’ve no idea why she’s here. But the last time she came, a few doctors and nurses were fired.” 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Her heart fell with a thud while she turned and cast a glance at Sebastian. 
She was slightly shocked as she noticed the latter was staring at her with a dark expression. 
“Mr. Hayes… I’ll excuse myself. Please look after my kid for a while more.” Sasha had no time to further ponder about the situation. With that, she left abruptly with the doctor. 
She would not be bothered if it was an ordinary patient. 
After all, she got the director of the hospital, Grayson as her last resort. 
But Baylor is the president’s son. So his mother should be the First Lady. If she wants to go after me, I doubt Grayson will be able to stop that. 
With that in mind, Sasha paced up her speed. 
When she arrived at the internal medicine ward, she saw two men dressed in black guarding the door of the VIP ward. 
She also noticed a female figure moving around inside the ward. 
“Bay, listen to me. I’ve arranged the best doctor for you in Anglandur. You will do the operation soon after you go over there. Then, you’ll be able to recover shortly.”
“I’m not going.” 
Despite Elizabeth’s diligent persuasion, Baylor still lay in his bed with an indifferent expression.
###Chapter 730
Chapter 730
Elizabeth stomped her feet anxiously upon seeing Baylor’s attitude. 
Right then, Sasha entered into the ward. 
“Mrs. White… I’m the doctor in charge of Mr. White. I’m sorry I went out for a while to settle something,” she explained to Elizabeth while panting heavily at the door. 
But, Elizabeth did not show much interest toward her. 
She only cast a cold glance and shifted her attention back to her son. “Bay, stop fooling around. This is your life we’re talking about it. Please take it seriously.” 
After pondering for a while, Baylor suddenly shifted his gaze toward Sasha, who was still at the door. 
“Fine, I’m willing to go under one condition. She has to go with me.” 
“What?” 
Upon hearing that, Elizabeth was left in utter bewilderment. Not only her, but Sasha also widened her eyes, unable to believe what she heard. 
Hold on. What’s wrong with him? Why does he want to bring me to Anglandur with him? Is he out of his mind? 
“Mr. White. Are you joking?” 
“Nope, I’m not.” 
Right then, Baylor had forgotten about his annoyance for his mother, as he displayed a genuine smile toward Sasha. “Dr. West, I think you’re a good doctor and that suits me well. If I’m going to Anglandur, I hope you can go with me.”
Sasha went numb upon hearing that. 
What a load of bullshit! Why should I follow him to Anglandur? I’m not here to treat him after all. 
Sasha immediately rejected the suggestion. “No… I…” 
“If that’s so, then please start packing your luggage. I’ll inform Grayson about this. And I’ll arrange a car to pick you up this afternoon.” 
Before Sasha could say anything, Elizabeth interrupted and decided for her. 
Sasha was stupefied at this. 
What does this mean? Does she think she can control me just because she’s the first lady? 
“No, Mrs. White. I can’t go to Anglandur with your son. I still have my priorities here…” 
“Come and take her away!” 
Once again, Elizabeth interrupted rudely and displayed her power. 
As such, Sasha stared at her, open-mouthed. 
As the two men outside were about to enter and seize her, a man in a wheelchair suddenly appeared. 
“I dare you to touch her.” 
The man in the wheelchair sounded utterly casual, as though he was merely passing by, and decided to stick his nose into this. 
Nevertheless, his voice tensed up the atmosphere outside and inside the ward—everyone froze on the spot for a long while.
It’s him! 
Elizabeth walked out, and her expression darkened as she saw the man. “It’s you!” 
Sebastian let out a smile. “That’s right. It looks like Mrs. White knows who I am. Do you already know I’m in this hospital?” 
Elizabeth was rendered speechless, as signs of wrath were visible on her elegant face. 
Of course, she knew of him. 
For people like her who surrounded themselves with power and status, surely they would try their best to know every person with power in order to secure their own status. 
Hence, she would surely pay attention to the new grandson of the Jadesons. 
Trying hard to suppress her rage, she acted calmly. “Then what is Mr. Jadeson doing over here? It looks like you are not happy that I bring this doctor with me.” 
“Of course.” 
Sebastian was indeed arrogant as he admitted to it right away. 
At that instant, Elizabeth could no longer hold back her anger. “Why? Do you want to stop me from taking a doctor?” 
“I wouldn’t be less interested in that. But, she’s different.” 
“What’s so different about her?” 
“She’s my doctor.”
“Your doctor?” 
“Yes. She’s mine!” Sebastian declared his dominance with a lazy attitude. 
At that instant, tears began flowing down Sasha’s chin. 
She had been waiting too long for that particular sentence. 
It felt like a century since she last heard him say that. 
Yes. I’m yours. Not your doctor, but your wife! I’m your woman! 
“How could you say that she’s yours? She’s a doctor of this hospital!” 
“No, you’re wrong about that. Grayson purposely found her for me, so she belonged to me initially. I was the one who pitied your son as he is dying, so I let him have her for a few days.” 
He uttered the meanest words with the calmest tone. 
There was probably no one in this world that could say such a thing like him. 
“You…” 
Elizabeth was beyond exasperated. 
“Mr. Jadeson, do you know who we are? How dare you try to kick a fuss here? Aren’t you afraid it might bring consequences upon your family?” 
“What consequences?” 
Sebastian let out an indifferent smile. “Is it the consequence for disobeying you? Good. I want to see what consequence it will bring me for wanting to own this woman. Will the Jadesons continue to give in,
or can we be our masters? I’m interested to find out!” 
The whole ward fell into utter silence upon his controversial statement. 
Everyone froze on the spot, as though the world had pressed a pause button.
###Chapter 731
Chapter 731
How horrifying! Is he out of his mind? It’s obvious he’s trying to start a war between the Jadesons and the Whites. Not only is he trying to oppress the Whites, he is trying to destroy the Jadesons! 
At that moment, Sasha felt a blow to her heart. 
Meanwhile, Elizabeth’s face had turned utterly pale, overwhelmed with wrath. 
Eventually, Baylor came out of his ward. 
“Mom, that’s enough. Stop arguing with him. If he insists on her to stay, then let him. I’ll go to Anglandur with you. This is the hospital. Don’t create a scene here.” 
The twenty-four-year-old man decided to give way as he persuaded his mother composedly. 
Sasha cast a befuddled look at him. 
She was indeed shocked by his extraordinarily rational response. 
Surprisingly, Elizabeth’s rage faded after hearing that, and she returned to the ward without a word. 
Sasha did not know how to react to this. 
Staring at Baylor, who was approaching her, Sasha wanted to explain her situation. But just then, Sebastian suddenly sneered, “Why are you still standing there? Come over here now!” 
Upon hearing that, Sasha nervously rushed out. 
Meanwhile, Baylor, who saw this, could not suppress his irritation as he cut a stare at Sebastian.
“Sebastian Hayes, does your old man know you’re so arrogant?” 
“Of course, he does. Didn’t you know that I was carried out from Heron Hill?” 
“You…” 
Upon hearing that, Baylor balled his hands into fists, enraged. 
But, he did not have the chance to express his fury. 
As Sebastian finished speaking, he cut an impatient glare toward Sasha. “Please push me back.” 
“O-Oh, okay.” 
Sasha did just that as soon as she was summoned. 
She did not even get the courage to look back at Baylor. 
That real-life battle was indeed beyond terrifying. It was no longer a personal fight, but any escalation would affect the whole country. Hence, Sasha would not dare to make any move. 
With that, Sasha pushed Sebastian back to the surgical ward, still in shock. 
“Mr. Hayes, isn’t what you said just now a little inappropriate? They’re the White family. If your grandfather finds out about this, won’t he be mad?” 
When they got back to the ward, Sasha eventually open her mouth after hesitating for a while. 
Indeed, what she had been trying to do these few days was to change Jonathan’s view toward Sebastian. 
And she was finally able to accomplish just that two days ago.
However, based on what Sebastian had just said to the White family, her effort might end up in vain. 
With that, Sasha got extremely troubled. 
Yet, Sebastian did not seem to be bothered at all. 
He even got pissed upon hearing what Sasha said. “Since when I need you to lecture me? It’s none of your business!” 
“No, I didn’t mean that.” Sasha immediately explained, “I… I’m just worried about you.” 
“You don’t have to. Just worry about yourself. You can’t even save your *ss. Take this little thing with you and get lost now!” 
He rejected her care mercilessly while telling her to take her child away. 
Sasha stared at this cold and annoyed man without a word. She held up her daughter, who was still sleeping and left the ward a moment later. 
By now, she had understood his temper well. She knew she should never try to talk him out of his anger. 
That would only make things worse. 
After Sasha brought Vivian out from the ward, the former went directly to the director’s office to see Grayson. 
“Dr. Wallen?” 
“Please wait for a while. Dr. Wallen is on the phone with Old Mr. Jadeson.” 
Grayson’s assistant was standing outside with a troubled look outside the director’s office. Upon seeing Sasha approaching, she blocked her from entering.
Jonathan? 
The color drained from Sasha’s face the second she heard that name. 
That was fast. We merely left for not more than half an hour. Holy gosh! What should I do now? She had not even had the time to think of a countermeasure. 
Recoiled in panic, she felt her hands trembling incessantly. 
“Mommy…” 
Right then, Vivian had woken up and called Sasha meekly in her embrace. 
Sasha looked at Vivian. Then, something hit her. 
Right! I should inform Karl to come here right away. If Jonathan were to make any move, we might need to snatch Sebastian as our last resort. 
Holding Vivian in her arms, Sasha left the place immediately. 
###Chapter 732
Chapter 732
Inside his office, Grayson was yelled at over the phone. 
“Grayson, is this what you mean by an improvement? He even dared to say such brazen words to the White family. Tell me, which part of him has improved?” 
The furious voice over the phone almost blew Grayson’s eardrums out. 
This old man is really… 
All Grayson could do was to move the phone further from his ear. By the time the bellowing had stopped, he continued, “Old Mr. Jadeson, please calm down and let me explain.” 
“Are you trying to b*llshit me?” 
“I’m not. But, I still need to inform you about the details of what happened. Yes, your grandson did say all those things to Mrs. White. However, it wasn’t his fault. Her son suddenly decided to take your grandson’s doctor away from him,” Grayson explained patiently. 
He had no other way to pacify Jonathan as it was just too much of a mess. No one expected Alfred’s wife to appear out of nowhere; to make things worse, her son wanted to take Sebastian’s doctor away with no good reason. 
Therefore, his best excuse was to blame both the mother and her son. 
Just as he expected, the voice over the phone sounded less agitated. 
“Why did he want to snatch Sebastian’s doctor?”
“How would I know? When her son was warded, he was diagnosed with end-stage lung cancer. Hence, surgery was no longer an option. However, my assistant happens to know TCM. So, I sent her over to treat him and that was all. I figured that he must be interested in her unique skill. That’s why he wants to take her to Anglandur with him,” Grayson analyzed. 
Just as he finished, Jonathan roared again. “What’s wrong with you? Despite knowing that the doctor is responsible for my grandson, why did you send her over to treat Alfred’s son?” 
“Yes, that’s where I messed up.” 
Grayson admitted to his mistake without any protest. 
Jonathan was speechless. 
Despite feeling infuriated, his rage had mellowed compared to the time he had just called. 
“All right, I understand what has happened. I’ll talk to Alfred. At the end of the day, there’s something wrong with that b*stard still. Do you understand why he said what he said?” 
“What do you mean?” 
“He wants to sow discord between me and Alfred so that Alfred will be displeased with us. From there, he plans to destroy the Jadesons!” Jonathan explained bluntly. 
Grayson was stunned. 
That’s terrifying! 
Gasping in shock, Grayson felt a chill down his spine. 
As he was just a doctor, he never involved himself in politics nor thought much about it.
Therefore, when he heard about the matter, the only thing that came to his mind was that Sebastian just wanted to use the Jadesons to pressure the White family. 
Evidently, it was more complex than that. 
He really is a sly and ruthless fox! 
Grayson broke out in cold sweat. “Calm down, he must have done so because he was provoked. Didn’t you see him for yourself two days ago? His condition improved, and he didn’t try to kill anyone.” 
“What does that prove? Perhaps, it was because none of his targets were around.” 
“Jonathan!” 
Grayson finally lost his temper. 
He couldn’t believe someone senior like Jonathan would say something like that. 
Since he doesn’t trust me, why did he even bother making me responsible for Sebastian’s treatment? He might as well have him killed. 
Grayson was furious. “Jonathan, it seems that you never believed that he would be able to return to who he once was. The doubts you have simply reflect your own struggle as to whether you should kill him or not. Am I correct?” 
Grayson bluntly revealed Jonathan’s thoughts. 
In response, Jonathan’s expression drastically changed. “What nonsense are you spouting? Since when did I say I didn’t believe it?”
Grayson sneered, “Yes, you may not have said it, but you are filled with murderous intent at every turn. It’s obvious to me what your true feelings are.” 
“You-” 
“Jonathan, the Jadesons made him into who he is today. You have no right to treat him this way. Even if his dad was in the wrong back then, what has it got anything to do with him? He was doing well in the Hayes family by becoming an exceptional businessman with a sprawling business empire. But, all of you insisted on forcing him down this path, turning him into a mad man. So tell me, whose fault is it?” 
Without any fear, Grayson revealed what he had been wanting to say for a very long time. 
In truth, he never liked meddling in the affairs of others, especially of those who held the reins of power. 
However, his patience had reached its limit that day. They are obviously in the wrong but still pretend to be the saviors. How dare they! Is it simply because they are a prominent family? 
###Chapter 733
Chapter 733
The moment he finished, the other end of the line fell silent. The only thing Grayson could hear was static over the phone, sending a chill down his spine. 
Realizing his folly, Grayson gulped. 
Oh crap, I was too worked up just now and had forgotten how ruthless this old man is. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, I-” 
Slam! 
The call ended abruptly. 
Grayson was dumbfounded. 
I’m so dead… 
After Sasha returned to her accommodation, she found Karl. Both of them were seized by fear the entire day. 
As for Karl, he stuck around the hospital round the clock. 
However, both of them were surprised that nothing untoward happened. There was no sign of Jonathan at all. 
“What’s going on? Why didn’t he come?”
“It doesn’t matter. It’s better that way. We’ll just have to continue monitoring,” Karl reassured Sasha who had no choice but to accept it. 
The next morning, she returned to the hospital. However, she headed to the wards instead. 
“Dr. West, good morning.” 
“Morning. Oh? Why is Mr. Hayes’ medical record gone?” 
The moment she arrived in the doctor’s office to take over the patient records, she realized Sebastian’s details and prescriptions were missing, causing her expression to drastically change. 
One of the doctors answered her, “That’s right. He is being discharged today.” 
“What?” 
Sasha felt as if she was dealt a heavy blow. 
Discharged? He’s being discharged today? 
In a panic, she dropped the medical records she was holding and rushed out of the doctor’s office to the ward. 
Naturally, the ward had been cleared out by the time she arrived. Sebastian who was usually lying there was nowhere to be found. 
Sebastian… 
Suddenly, a terrifying sense of dread struck her. She felt as if something had been torn from her heart, causing her eyes to redden. 
The next moment, she darted downstairs in pursuit.
No, I can’t let him disappear just like that. He is mine. 
The reason she traveled so far in her beaten-up body was to find him and spend the rest of her life together with him, never to be separated ever again. 
As if she had gone berserk, she hurried down the stairs as fast as she could. 
Finally, when she arrived at the hospital’s main entrance, she realized that it was crowded and filled with cars. 
However, there was no sign of Sebastian anywhere. 
She didn’t see him nor any vehicles belonging to the Jadesons. He had disappeared from the hospital right under her nose. 
Suddenly, Sasha began to swoon as an excruciating pain crept into her heart. 
Wrapping her arms around her chest, she gradually huddled to the ground. 
Finally, when she dropped her bum on the steps at the entrance, she curled herself into a ball. 
When some passersby saw her, they asked out of concern, “What’s wrong with this doctor? Is she sick?” 
However, there was no answer. 
Sitting there, Sasha buried her face between her knees. As if she had lost all her strength, she couldn’t even open her eyes nor keep herself up. 
Suddenly, a wheelchair arrived by her side. 
“What are you doing?” 
Despite its icy cold tone, the voice was just as magnetic and melodious.
Sasha was stunned. 
Just when she felt she was in a bottomless abyss, she saw a ray of hope. She could feel a hand pulling her away from the brink. 
Finally, she raised her head gradually. 
It was indeed Sebastian! 
He was still in his wheelchair but no longer in a patient’s gown. With a frosty expression, his chiseled face was looking ahead instead of Sasha. 
After a brief silence, Sasha covered her face with her hands and bawled all of a sudden. 
No one could comprehend her feelings then. 
For the last ten minutes, she felt as if she had gone through hell. Even the operation in Jetroina to rejoin her bones wasn’t as painful in comparison. 
“What’s wrong with you? Why are you crying?” 
Finally, when Sebastian turned to look at her, the indifference he showed earlier was gone. In its place was a sense of frustration and helplessness. 
What is she moping about? I didn’t do anything to her. So, why is she crying? 
“Stop crying! You’re disgracing yourself in public!” With the veins on his temple throbbing, he handed her a white handkerchief impatiently. 
When Sasha saw the handkerchief, even more tears gushed out. 
Finally, she stopped sobbing. Instead, she sniffled and clutched the handkerchief tightly in her palms.
She just couldn’t bring herself to use it. 
“What happened? What are you crying about?” 
Sebastian couldn’t help but ask when she was no longer crying. 
Sasha snorted and shook her head. “I’m fine.” 
“Why are you crying then? By running all the way here, do you plan on coming along with me to the Jadeson residence?” Staring at her, Sebastian’s expression darkened. 
Sasha was dumbfounded by his suggestion. 
###Chapter 734
Chapter 734
What’s that I hear? Go with him to the Jadeson residence? 
Shaken by his words, Sasha stared at him for a long time, wondering if she had heard it wrong. 
When Sebastian saw the reaction on her face, he added with an icy tone, “Haha, don’t worry. No one is forcing you. If Grayson hadn’t begged me, I wouldn’t have agreed to it.” 
His expression was so cold and every word pierced her heart. 
“No, it’s not that. I’ll go. In fact, I’m more than willing to come along!” Regaining her senses, she got up from the floor and threw her arms around his wheelchair. 
“Mr. Hayes, I am dying to go,” Sasha repeated while looking at him all teary-eyed. 
Jolted by the look on her face, the anger he felt earlier subsided that instant. 
At that moment, Grayson appeared and smiled at what he saw. “I’m glad to see both of you here. What a pleasant coincidence. Macy, I want to assign you to be Mr. Hayes’ nurse at the Jadeson residence. Are you fine with the arrangement?” 
Sasha nodded vehemently in response. “I am more than happy to do so. Dr. Wallen, I rushed down just now because he was leaving. I-” 
“Is that why you’re crying?” 
Grayson couldn’t help but state the obvious. 
Blushing instantly, Sasha lowered her head with tears between her eyelashes.
At the same time, Sebastian froze in his wheelchair before looking away awkwardly. 
Nevertheless, he couldn’t deny that his mood was a lot better than before. 
With that, Sasha was assigned to join Sebastian at the Jadeson residence without her prior knowledge. 
Before she left, Grayson pulled Sasha aside and reminded her, “Ms. Wand, you have to seize this opportunity. I had a big fight with Old Mr. Jadeson just so that I can slip you in.” 
Sasha was almost moved to tears. 
“I definitely will, Dr. Wallen. I knew you were behind this, and I cannot thank you enough.” 
“Don’t mention it.” Grayson waved his hand. 
“To be honest, I feel sorry for him. I know what an extraordinary man he used to be. Therefore, I refuse to see him fall into such dire circumstances. Ms. Wand, you have to help him regain his memories, do you understand?” 
Grayson, with his white sideburns, finally spoke his mind to Sasha. 
Sasha’s heart briefly sank at his words. 
I will definitely succeed. After all, isn’t that the whole purpose of me being here? 
With that, Sasha followed Sebastian into the Jadesons’ vehicle. 
She was now embarking on a new journey. Faced with an unknown future, she wasn’t sure of the dangers awaiting her. However, she would stay by his side to protect him no matter what. 
“What did he say to you?” 
“Huh?”
Sasha, who was staring out of the window, turned toward Sebastian. 
They were riding in an MPV which had two rows of seats at the back. When Sasha saw that he sat on the right, she knowingly sat in a different row so as to not anger him. 
“Nothing really. He just reminded me about things that I should take note of. By the way, Mr. Hayes, why did you agree to Dr. Wallen’s arrangement? I assumed that you… would have refused,” Sasha asked, unable to contain her curiosity. 
She was awed by how the sunlight accentuated his exquisite features as he looked out the window. 
To her, it felt like a beautiful painting. In fact, she was delighted by the idea that the painting belonged to her. 
Staring at him, she just couldn’t peel her eyes away. 
Sebastian didn’t look her way, but it didn’t mean that he was oblivious to her gawking at him. The next moment, a frown set upon his face. 
“Do you think that I was the one who agreed to it?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in surprise. 
He didn’t? Then, why am I allowed to go home with him? No matter how influential Grayson can be, he still doesn’t have the authority to force the matter. Could it be Jonathan? 
When Jonathan’s name crossed her mind, disappointment filled Sasha’s sparkling eyes. 
“Fine…” Pouting her lips, she recovered her gaze and looked out the window looking frustrated.
Sebastian was speechless. 
What a foolish girl! 
Frowning, Sebastian leaned back into the seat and closed his eyes. 
Meanwhile, at Jade Court… 
An incendiary atmosphere descended upon the entire household when news of Sebastian arriving to recuperate was heard. 
“Look, he has been discharged after we failed to kill him. By letting him return, aren’t we letting the fox into the hen house?” 
The one who spoke was Jocelyn, Charles’ wife. 
###Chapter 735
Chapter 735
Ever since Charles’ death, Tiffany had been detained and didn’t return home. Hence, Jocelyn was always alone at home. 
When the rest of the Jadesons heard her, no one dared to comment. 
Only Connor, who failed in his mission the last time, felt self-conscious about it. Feeling upset, he retorted, “The last time was an accident.” 
“How can it be an accident? Obviously, the men you sent were incompetent. How can four men fail to assassinate a cripple? And yet, you still have the cheek to come up with an excuse?” 
Jocelyn admonished him the moment she heard his protests. 
Connor’s expression darkened. “If you’re so smart, why don’t you do it? Even Charles and Tiffany couldn’t kill him. So, why don’t you go ahead and try? Go on, be my guest!” 
His words stung Jocelyn. 
When Candice heard their exchange, she put a stop to it. “That’s enough! At such a crucial time, how is arguing going to solve anything?” 
After being berated, both of them stopped arguing. 
Over the last two days, the mood at Jade Court was somber. From Charles’ death to the failed assassination in the hospital, the entire household was mired in sorrow.
Now that Sebastian was discharged and brought home by Jonathan, their chances of plotting something new had significantly been reduced. 
“I heard that the lunatic won’t be brought back to Heron Hill.” Suddenly, someone interjected out of nowhere. 
Not Heron Hill? 
Everyone raised their gaze at the one that spoke. It was as if they were given a sliver of hope. 
“Where did you hear that from? If he isn’t going to Heron Hill, where is being sent then?” 
“I… I heard it from Stephen. He said that Dad felt it inappropriate to take the lunatic there considering his mental condition. Hence, he will be brought to Oceanic Estate for the time being,” Colton carefully replied with a shrug of his shoulders. 
Just as he spoke, everyone gasped. 
Oceanic Estate? 
That b*stard! How did he get to go to there? 
Everyone was both shocked and angered. Fill with jealousy, all of them felt the urge to tear him apart. 
The Oceanic Estate was a residence gifted to Jonathan by the White House. After the war where Jonathan had distinguished himself, the White House had given him a mansion as his reward. Previously, the seaside mansion was used to entertain foreign dignitaries, and it was called Oceanic Estate. 
Given that it was a present from the nation, the mansion was both glorious and extravagantly furnished.
All this while, none of the Jadesons were allowed to stay there. Even Jonathan’s own son, Stephen had to live outside. 
Therefore, everyone was infuriated when they heard that Sebastian was allowed to stay there. 
“What gives him the right? Has Uncle Jonathan gone crazy to take him there?” 
Jocelyn was the first to lose her temper and rant. 
Connor was equally outraged. “Exactly. What is he up to? Didn’t he let us kill him before this? Why is he suddenly taking Sebastian to Oceanic Estate? Does he intend to accept him?” 
Just as he spoke, everyone’s heart sank especially that of Candice’s. 
“What are you panicking for? Dad is only taking him to Oceanic Estate because Heron Hill is not that convenient. Since Dad doesn’t have any other place in the city, where else is he supposed to place him?” she explained to everyone with a frustrated tone. 
Only then did they heave a sigh of relief. 
Sensing the impending crisis, Connor asked his sister, “In that case, Candice. What do you think we should do? How should we proceed from here?” 
Candice sneered, “What’s the hurry? Don’t we still have Jasmine?” 
“Jasmine?” 
Everyone was puzzled to hear the name. 
Isn’t Jasmine Devin’s mom? Jonathan’s daughter-in-law? What has she got anything to do with this? 
Many of them were scratching their heads.
Only Connor’s eyes sparkled in response. 
That’s right. Why didn’t I think of it? Now that Sebastian had moved into Oceanic Estate, Jasmine should be the most desperate one of them all. Given that Sebastian’s dad was Shin, and he was being brought back to Oceanic Estate, she would likely be worried that her son’s position as the heir of the family would be threatened. 
Therefore, she should be the one who is feeling the heat. 
An insidious smile emerged on Connor’s face. “In that case, let’s monitor the situation first. There’s no hurry at all.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
…… 
Meanwhile, at Oceanic Estate on Lookout Bay… 
Sasha was shocked when she arrived. 
Aren’t we going back to that small hill? Why are we here? What is this place? The building was so massive that it looked like a castle. 
Backed by green hills and fronted by the turquoise sea, the castle’s surroundings were gorgeous. 
###Chapter 736
Chapter 736
My God! What is this place? 
Sasha was awed by what she saw. 
When the escorts saw that Sebastian was staring silently at the new place, they quickly explained, “Mr. Sebastian, this is Oceanic Estate. Old Mr. Jadeson has instructed that you stay here until you are fully recovered.” 
Oceanic Estate? 
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed in response 
“Why? Does he think that the deserted hill is no longer enough to keep me caged? Hence, he is bringing me back to his base so that he can have better control of me?” 
“No, of course not.” The escort was terrified by Sebastian’s sharp quip. 
“It’s not that, Mr. Sebastian. You have misunderstood. Old Mr. Jadeson just feels that Heron Hill is rather inconvenient as it is out of the way for you to go for your check-ups. That’s why he wants you to stay here.” 
Seeing the escalating situation, Sasha quickly pacified Sebastian, “That’s right, Mr. Hayes. I think that isn’t your grandpa’s intention. Look, there’s hardly anyone here, am I right?” 
She was well aware of his mental state. After all, he was someone that was filled with animosity toward anyone or anything around him. Furthermore, Jonathan had also tried to kill him more than once.
Consequently, it was understandable for him to have such an extreme reaction. 
After listening to her advice, Sebastian’s edginess gradually eased. 
After that, all of them entered Oceanic Estate. 
The moment they stepped in, they were stunned by the view of the castle gardens. Despite having seen many grand mansions before such as Royal Court One at Frontier Bay and Raymond’s mansion in Yartran, her breath was still taken away by Oceanic Estate. 
“Mister, Old Mr. Jadeson’s house is huge. It doesn’t look like a residence at all. In fact, it feels more like a palace.” 
“Haha, Dr. West, you have a good sense of humor. This is Old Mr. Jadeson’s home. However, before the White House gifted it to him, it was used to entertain foreign dignitaries.” 
Sasha gasped, “A place to receive foreign dignitaries?” 
Jonathan is really something to have received such a gift from the White House. It’s obvious that his position in the White House is really special. 
With that, Sasha wheeled Sebastian in. 
“Welcome, Mr. Sebastian!” 
“Good afternoon, Mr. Sebastian!” 
In the palatial living hall, two rows of servants and security personnel suddenly appeared, giving Sasha a fright. 
My God! This is even grander than Hayes Residence back then!
“Mr. Sebastian, these servants and security are here to serve your needs during your stay. If there’s anything else that you need, you can give me a call.” 
After giving a quick explanation, the man wrote his number down and handed it over. 
With a gloomy expression, Sebastian didn’t respond in any way. 
Sensing the awkwardness, Sasha took the note and replied, “Thank you, I’ll keep this on his behalf. I’ll definitely call you if there’s anything we need.” 
With that, the man left at once. 
A few minutes later, just when Sasha was bringing in the luggage from outside, she heard Sebastian yelling at two of the servants, “Get out!” 
What a brute! 
Dropping her luggage, Sasha came over. “Hurry along now. I’ve got this.” 
After she took the milk and fruit platter over from the housemaid, she dumped the food into the garbage in front of him. Then, she walked over to the dining table and prepared a new batch. 
“Go on, have some. I’ve just prepared them with gloves on.” 
Bending forward with a smile, her dreamy eyes could mesmerize anyone that looked at them. 
Sebastian averted his gaze. 
“I’m don’t want any.” His response was frosty as usual. 
Despite feeling disappointed, Sasha nodded in good nature. “Fine. In that case, I’ll continue unpacking. Just now, Xavier told me where your room is. I’ll go and prepare your bed.”
After she put down the fruit platter, she returned to pick up the luggage. 
By the time she had brought everything upstairs, Sebastian scanned his surroundings and casually took a piece of watermelon from the fruit platter. 
The housemaid and security personnel were stumped. 
Oceanic Estate was a sprawling estate. 
It was so huge that Sasha lost her way back after she set up the medical equipment in the treatment room in another wing of the building. She couldn’t find her way back to where she came from. 
“What are you doing?” 
After walking aimlessly around, a gentle voice rang out from behind her, giving her a fright. 
“Huh?” She turned around and saw a young man approaching her. 
He was well-built and had exquisite features. Despite not being as dashing as Sebastian, he was still reasonably good-looking. Furthermore, he emitted a charm that no ordinary person had. 
Is he a soldier? 
###Chapter 737
Chapter 737
“Are you the doctor that Sebastian has brought along?” 
At the same time, Devin was scrutinizing Sasha. When he noticed her medical gloves and the curious look she was giving him, he quickly guessed her identity. 
After all, everyone at Oceanic Estate knew who he was. 
Sasha nodded in acknowledgment. “Yes. May I know who are you?” 
Devin introduced himself. “I’m Devin, Sebastian’s cousin.” 
Sasha was filled with surprise to have finally met the person she had heard so much about. In fact, she was a little shocked. 
So, he’s Devin! 
At that moment, Sasha was filled with conflicted emotions as she was cognizant that he and Sebastian were the best of friends. However, she was also aware that he was the source of the upheaval that had occurred to her family. 
If he had not taken Frieda away on his own accord, she would not have died. 
If she was still alive, Sebastian wouldn’t have chosen such an extreme path. After all, he was a smart man and wouldn’t have been blinded by vengeance. He would definitely not choose to die together with Charles in such a ruthless manner. 
Consequently, Sasha’s expression darkened.
“So, you’re Mr. Jadeson. I’m sorry to not have recognized you as I’m still new here.” 
Devin furrowed his eyebrows slightly. 
He was a little upset at the sudden change in Sasha’s attitude. 
However, given how well-mannered he was, he continued to ask patiently, “Don’t worry about it. By the way, why are you here? Where’s Sebastian?” 
“He’s at the main wing. I was setting up a treatment room for him before I lost my way. This place is way too big.” 
Sasha scratched her head awkwardly. 
Given her current predicament, she felt it was better to deal with it first. 
Devin squinted his eyes in response. 
She’s lost? How can this be? 
Devin was amused. Although Oceanic Estate was huge, it still wouldn’t result in anyone losing their way. In fact, Colton’s seven-year-old son had no problems navigating around at all. 
Holding back his laughter, Devin nodded. “Indeed, this is a big place as it was used to entertain foreign dignitaries. Anyway, follow me. I’ll take you back.” 
“Alright, thank you.” 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief. 
With that, both of them walked back to the main wing and chatted under the rays of the setting sun.
“Dr. West, I see that you are Dr. Wallen’s student. And yet, I was wondering why you were sent here to take care of Sebastian?” 
“Mmm-hmm, I know TCM which is of great help to him,” Sasha replied casually. 
Just as she spoke, Devin turned toward her. “You know TCM?” 
Sasha nodded. “That’s right. What about it?” 
She returned his glance with a puzzled look. 
However, the moment they made eye contact, Devin averted his gaze. After that, his eyes seemed to be filled with sorrow while a bout of loneliness seemed to set upon him. 
“It’s nothing. I just thought of someone suddenly. She knows TCM too.” 
“Is that so? Who is it?” 
“She’s… Sebastian’s wife.” His tone sounded bitter. In fact, it felt as if he was reluctant to talk about it when he was going to utter her name. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Why would it remind him of me? We have never met before. 
Sasha was baffled. 
However, if she knew how he reacted after hearing that she was killed on the highway and saw for himself how Sebastian had become another person, she would naturally understand. 
In truth, Devin wasn’t inherently evil.
It was just as Sebastian had said when he was still himself. Devin’s biggest fault was that he didn’t live his own life. Instead, he became a puppet of the Jadesons. 
Soon, both of them returned to the main wing. 
“Sebastian, you’re finally discharged. How are you feeling?” The moment he saw Sebastian drawing in the living room, Devin happily approached with Sasha right behind him. 
However, Sebastian ignored him, as if Devin was invisible. Sitting aloof in his wheelchair, he continued drawing on his board. 
Devin was stumped. 
Sasha poured a glass of water and interjected, “Mr. Jadeson, please have a drink and don’t mind him. Now, whenever he is doing something, he doesn’t like anyone to disturb him.” 
Devin nodded and took the glass of water. 
Crash! 
Suddenly, a drawing pencil flew over. Before Devin could react, the glass was tipped off his hand. 
What’s going on? 
After looking at the broken glass and spilled water on the floor, Sasha and Devin exchanged glances in shock. 
###Chapter 738
Chapter 738
“Mr. Hayes, what are you-” 
“Go away!” 
His seething tone sent a chill down everyone’s spine. 
Sasha’s face turned ashen white. 
Why is asking me to leave? Wait, what did I do to anger him? I have been working hard for the entire afternoon, and my bones are hurting so much that I can barely stand. And yet, he is chasing me out? 
Sasha clenched her fists. 
“Mr. Hayes, what have I done wrong? You can just tell me, and I will change, all right? Don’t keep telling me to get out. It’s just my first day here.” 
Sasha changed her tactic. Instead of challenging him, she tried to pacify him instead. 
There’s no other way. His current character puts him in a volatile mood. It’s hard to predict what he will do next. Perhaps, he might not even have control over it. 
Just as expected, Sasha’s response had caught him by surprise. Suddenly, he felt his anger stuck in his throat, stopping him from unleashing his temper. 
“Mr. Hayes, you really can’t chase me away. When I got to know that I could come here, I gave Vivi a call, and she was delighted. If I were to be kicked out on the first day, she would definitely cry over it.” 
Sasha used her trump card, rendering Sebastian speechless.
Suddenly, when the image of Vivian snuggling up to him and calling him Uncle Sebastian emerged in his mind, the anger within him subsided at once. 
Devin took notice at once. 
She really knows her way around him. No one has ever been able to quell his temper ever since he returned to the Jadeson family. This is a miracle! 
“I asked you to go upstairs. Why are you wasting my time?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in surprise. 
Go upstairs? So that’s what it is? Fine. 
Feeling awkward, Sasha let out a sheepish smile. “I know, I know. I’m going up now, Mr. Hayes. Please wait a moment while I complete the equipment setup. After that, we can start your treatment.” 
With that, Sasha held onto her head and slipped away. 
Devin was bewildered at what just happened. 
“Sebastian, your doctor-” 
“Get out!” 
Me too? 
Stunned, it took Devin a while before he regain his senses. 
It wasn’t until he saw how adamant Sebastian was, unlike earlier, that he finally understood what was going on.
“I understand now. I am the one you really wanted to kick out,” Devin replied in frustration. 
It seems he is furious that I have spoken way too much with his female doctor. 
Devin didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. 
Getting up from the chair, he wiped his wet hands with a napkin. “Fine, I’ll go. But, I’m really curious as to who that lady doctor is? Why is she so interested in you?” 
“What did you say?” 
Suddenly, tension filled the atmosphere. 
Devin quickly changed the topic. “I’m sorry, it was just a slip of tongue.” 
Slam! 
After throwing his drawing pencil on the ground, Sebastian wheeled himself away. 
Watching his silhouette leave, Devin could only sigh. 
His temper now is obviously more volatile than before. In fact, I haven’t even seen him in a good mood as he is filled with bitterness all the time. Perhaps, this is what his true character is. 
After throwing his napkin away, he picked up the drawing pencil and put it back into its box. 
Coincidentally, he looked up and saw the girl on the drawing board. 
This is… 
His gaze suddenly narrowed as he stared at the mesmerizing eyes of the girl in the picture. At that moment, he felt as if his mind was blown.
Those eyes, aren’t they the same as the lady doctor? 
In a short while, Sasha had gotten her equipment ready. 
The doctor from Jetroina had sent it to her. Its main purpose was to help patients who suffer from psychosis to calm down. 
Although Sebastian seldom had any attacks, it would still be of great help to him. 
Once Sasha was done, she fell onto the bed in exhaustion. 
Her body hadn’t fully recovered and yet, she still had to fuss over Sebastian’s matters. Obviously, it took a toll on her. 
“I’ll take a break first before getting him to come.” 
Holding her aching back, she lay on the bed and snuggled underneath the blanket. 
Finally, after lying in bed a while, she fell asleep without realizing it. 
When Sebastian arrived in the elevator, he was greeted by the scene above. 
She was supposed to get me when she was done. But now, she is sleeping soundly in my bed without even having a change of clothes! Moreover, she is salivating in her sleep! 
Sebastian felt as if he was being driven mad. 
Without any hesitation, he stormed up to the bed with the intention of kicking her out. 
Suddenly, she mumbled in her sleep, “Sebastian, you… listen well. No matter what, I.. I’ll always be by your side, and… save you.” 
###Chapter 739
Chapter 739
By the time Sasha awoke, it was already dark. 
Opening her eyes, she saw a dim yellow light above her head. When she noticed the unfamiliar surroundings, she was stunned and wondered where she was. 
It wasn’t until she started moving that she heard the sound of water splashing from next door. 
What’s that? 
She got up at once. 
“Dr. West, you’re awake. Did I disturb you?” Just when the flow of water stopped, a figure came out of the bathroom. 
Sasha was briefly stunned before she recognized the person as one of the servants. 
“No. What are you doing here? Where’s Mr. Hayes?” 
When she finally remembered that this was his room, she quickly got up. 
Oh no, how did I fall asleep? I was supposed to get him when I was ready with the equipment. But why did I end up sleeping instead? Furthermore, I even slept on his bed! 
Beginning to panic, Sasha jumped off the bed at once. 
“Mr. Hayes is chatting with Old Mr. Jadeson. Dr. West, Mr. Hayes has instructed that this will be your room. How would you like to decorate it? I’ll help you redo the place.”
“What?” 
Sasha’s eyes opened wide in shock. 
For me? Why? This is his room. Why is he giving it to me? Is it because I have slept on his bed? 
Sasha heart skipped a beat. 
However, she had no time to think about that as she had heard a piece of even more frightening news. 
Jonathan had arrived. 
Furthermore, he was chatting with Sebastian. 
Da*n it, why do I have to be given such a shock the moment I awake? 
Putting on her shoes, Sasha began running out of the room. 
“You don’t have to, I won’t be staying here at night. As for the blanket, you can throw it away if Mr. Hayes thinks it’s too dirty. I’ll pay for it.” 
With that, she rushed downstairs at once. 
She wasn’t going to stay over for the night which was agreed upon before she came. Firstly, she had a daughter at home. Secondly, Jonathan wouldn’t allow a nurse to live there. 
She ran downstairs in a panic. 
As for the maid upstairs, she didn’t pay any heed to Sasha’s instructions. 
Instead, she picked up the blanket that Sasha had dropped and began tidying up the room. 
Mr. Hayes wasn’t kidding when he said it.
“I will not hold you accountable for what happened in the past. But from now on, you will have to stay here if you want to maintain the peace!” 
Just when Sasha hurriedly arrived downstairs, she heard Jonathan’s admonishment. 
Oh no… 
Feeling anxious, Sasha quickened her pace and saw two angry men in an incendiary stalemate. 
Jonathan was never someone with good temper. 
As a military man who had been through the war, he was naturally bad-tempered. Moreover, he was used to ordering people around and having them obey him without question. 
Therefore, to suddenly have to deal with a rebellious grandson, it was understandable for him to be in a bad mood. 
After he finished his piece, the tension in the living hall heightened further. 
“Am I supposed to kneel and thank you for showing me mercy?” 
“What did you say?” 
“Showing me mercy? Holding me accountable? Jonathan Jadeson, I’m surprised you even have the cheek to utter those words.” 
Every word of Sebastian’s was filled with mockery. Staring at Jonathan, he looked at him as if he was a joke. 
Jonathan was incensed. 
Bam!
He slammed his hand onto the table and sprang to his feet. 
“Sebastian Hayes, you have crossed the line!” 
Sensing that the situation was about to implode, Sasha rushed forward to intervene. 
“Wait! Wait!” The first thing she did was restrain the raging Jonathan. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, please calm down. Mr. Hayes doesn’t mean that at all. He is feeling unsettled after being discharged from the hospital. Please have some compassion and don’t hold it against him.” 
“Macy West!” Sebastian thundered. 
He was outraged by her attempt to play down the situation. 
In response, Sasha turned to Sebastian. “Mr. Hayes, you should calm down too. Whatever it is, let’s discuss it civilly, alright?” 
Sasha held him back without any reservation. 
In a fit of rage, Sebastian grabbed her wrist and shoved her aside. 
She’s such a pain! 
Crack! 
At that moment, a soft and crisp sound was heard from her arm. 
Sebastian was stunned when he heard it. 
Looking up, he saw her with her back facing him. Her eyes, which were focused on Jonathan, had narrowed while sweat began to emerge from her forehead.
###Chapter 740
Chapter 740
Nevertheless, she didn’t show any sign of pain. 
Instead, she quickly collected herself and smiled. “Old Mr. Jadeson, why don’t you have a seat while I make you some exotic tea?” 
Boiling with anger, Jonathan glanced at her before simmering down and taking a seat on the sofa. 
Sasha was delighted by his response. Releasing her hand, she instructed the housemaid to bring over the exotic tea and brewing equipment. Throughout the exchange, she didn’t show any signs of discomfort at all. 
Sebastian clenched his now empty fist. 
A few minutes later, the housemaid returned with what Sasha had requested. With that, Sasha began brewing the tea in front of Jonathan. 
“I’m surprised you know how to do this.” 
“Mmm-hmm, just a little. My family used to own a tea plantation. Old Mr. Jadeson, have you heard about black tea before?” 
Sasha began chatting with Jonathan while waiting for the water to boil. 
It had been a long time since she brewed tea. The last time she did it was when Frederick was still alive. She had made some for him at the nursing home. But now, it just felt like a distant memory.
When the tea was ready, Sasha’s arm trembled while she was serving it. The excruciating pain she felt caused cold sweat to break out. 
Sebastian squinted his eyes at the sight. 
Intrigued, Jonathan suddenly asked, “Black tea is considered quality stuff. Since you’re familiar with it, do you know the Tea Infusion Technique?” 
“The Tea Infusion Technique?” 
Sasha looked up with her eyes shining in excitement. “Old Mr. Jadeson, I’m surprised you even knew about it. It’s a technique that is practiced in my hometown. Would you like to try some tea brewed that way?” 
“Most certainly!” 
With his anger now subsided, Jonathan looked at Sasha with intense interest. 
With that, Sasha began to brew the tea using the special technique mentioned. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian watched on with a darkened expression. 
He was cognizant of the pain she was in despite her efforts to hide it. Therefore, he had no choice but to suppress his anger and not disrupt the tea session. 
What’s wrong with her? Why is she even brewing tea for that old man? 
His gloomy gaze cast a dark cloud over the entire living hall. 
Nevertheless, Sasha and Jonathan paid no heed to him. Once Sasha had served Jonathan the tea, he raised his teacup to take a sip. The next moment, his face lit up.
“It’s good. This is exactly how it’s supposed to taste like.” 
“I see.” 
Upon his reaction, Sasha’s anxiety eased at once. 
All she could do now was assuage his anger. Or else, it would be of no benefit to Sebastian if Jonathan were to lose his temper 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, whenever you feel like having some, you are most welcome to come by. After all, I am now Mr. Hayes’ doctor and will be here every day.” 
“All right.” 
Jonathan readily agreed. However, he still reminded her, “But, please remember that Grayson didn’t send you here to make tea for me.” 
In other words, Sebastian still took priority. 
Given how smart Sasha was, she obviously got the hint and nodded immediately. “Of course. Old Mr. Jadeson, please don’t worry. I will do my best to cure Mr. Hayes’ condition. However, please have some patience as the recovery does take time,” Sasha daringly suggested. 
Just as she spoke, Jonathan’s stern gaze swept in her direction. 
“I have only placed him here to recuperate. Since when have I ever applied any pressure on him?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was caught by surprise.
If he didn’t pressure Sebastian, why were they even arguing to the extent of being at each other’s throats? 
Sasha was lost for words. 
“All you need to do is to treat him,” Jonathan added as he glanced at Sebastian. 
Sebastian cracked his knuckles as the rage within him swelled again. 
Gulping, Sasha quickly poured Jonathan another cup of tea. “Sure. I’ll definitely cure him. Don’t you worry. By the time he recovers, he will be of great use to you given how exceptional he is.” 
The last sentence was crucial. 
Jonathan didn’t respond. Instead, he raised the teacup in front of him. 
Sasha’s words had precisely describe his intention. 
Although Sebastian had been a thorn in his side and attempted to slaughter the entire Jadeson family, Jonathan couldn’t help but be impressed by how well thought out his plan was. 
In fact, it even sent a chill down his spine. 
He had not expected a member of the Jadesons to be so extraordinary. In comparison, Sebastian had exceeded the capabilities of his dad, Shin. 
If someone like him can truly become a member of the Jadesons, the potential for our family will be limitless. With that, I will die without regrets. 
In the end, Jonathan didn’t pick a bone with Sebastian anymore. 
“In that case, when will his arms and legs recover?”
“They will heal in no time. Tomorrow, I’ll try letting him walk and use both his arms. If all goes well, he will make significant improvements within a week,” Sasha replied quickly. 
###Chapter 741
Chapter 741
After firmly putting down his teacup, Jonathan remarked, “Alright then. In one week’s time, I’ll return with some soldiers to personally put him through military training.” 
With that, Jonathan got up and left. 
Sasha was stumped 
Military training? What sort of military training? 
Staring blankly, Sasha had no idea what Jonathan was talking about. 
After Jonathan had left, Sebastian came over and saw the steaming tea on the table. Unable to control his rage, he reached out his hand and swept them aside. 
Crash! 
Suddenly, everything fell onto the floor in a thunderous crash. 
Dumbfounded, Sasha stared at the mess for a long while before regaining her senses. 
“Mr. Hayes, what are you doing?” 
“What am I doing? How dare you ask me that? I should be asking you that question? Are you pleading mercy for me? Are you worried that he will kill me? That’s why you’re serving him as if you’re a slave?” 
Sitting in his wheelchair, Sebastian unleashed his scathing tirade just like a beast gone berserk. 
Sasha gaped.
No, that’s not the reason. I’m doing it to prevent their conflict from escalating. Antagonizing Jonathan now would only bring him more harm than good. 
Sasha explained, “No, Mr. Hayes. That wasn’t my intention. I just wanted to prevent both of you from quarreling. All I wanted to do was calm the situation down.” 
“What has that got anything to do with you? Macy West, I would rather die by his sword than see you grovel like a dog in front of him for my sake,” Sebastian roared again. 
This time, his insulting words had struck a nerve. 
Sasha’s face turned ashen. 
Just like a dog? After all that I have done, is it just a disgrace to him? 
Sasha’s eyes reddened. At the same time, anger welled up within her. “Why don’t you care about your life at all? Is it necessary to take death so lightly all the time? Do you understand the implications of your words?” 
“That’s my business, not yours!” 
“How can it not be mine? I’m your doctor and responsible for saving you. If a patient’s life is threatened in front of me, am I not duty-bound to save him?” 
Sasha yelled back while glaring at him with her bloodshot eyes. 
It was painful for her to see him react that way all the time. 
Without a care for his life, he insists on going against Jonathan all the time. Why is he doing this? What right does he have to even behave this way? Can it be that he isn’t aware of the many lives that were sacrificed just so that he could live?
One of them was her own. Back then, she had given up her own life for him. 
“Yes, I may not be qualified to tell you what to do. But Sebastian Hayes, has it occurred to you that by not appreciating your own life, you are letting those who sacrificed their lives for you die in vain?” 
Sasha was finally in tears as she held on to her arm that was still hurting. 
This was the first time she had lost her composure after he had woken up. 
Sebastian finally fell silent. 
Despite giving her a fearsome stare with his chest still heaving in anger, he did not say another word especially when he saw her holding her injured arm. 
When Sasha noticed his silence, a sense of exhaustion set upon her. She was in no mood to continue the conversation any further. 
After getting up, she swept the glass shards from the broken teacup off her legs before leaving Oceanic Estate in tears. 
He has no right to say all those things. 
Nevertheless, she knew his egoistic pride couldn’t accept a woman begging for mercy on his behalf. 
…… 
After forty minutes, she arrived at an apartment in the city 
Karl was shocked to see her looking like a mess. 
Given a fright, he took her bag from her at once and asked anxiously, “Mrs. Hayes, what happened? Why do you look so dejected? Also, what’s wrong with your hand?”
With her reddened eyes, Sasha collapsed butt first onto the ground. 
“I gave him a piece of my mind!” 
“Huh?” Karl was shocked “Who did you scold? Mr. Hayes?” 
“Mmm-hmm!” 
Sitting there, Sasha used a napkin to wipe her already swollen eyes. 
“His temper keeps getting worse and will fight with Jonathan at every opportunity he gets. Also, he doesn’t care about his life at all. Hence, I have no choice but to admonish him for his own good. That’s the only way for him to stay safe.” 
Karl stood still without a word for a long time. 
Even before the incident, Mr. Hayes has always been a proud man. Hence, there’s no way he can stand being locked up and controlled right now. Therefore, it’s understandable that he is at odds with Jonathan all the time. 
###Chapter 742
Chapter 742
Karl brought a glass of water over. 
“What you did is right. Other than helping him, we need to ingrain the same awareness into him. Anyway, what happened to your hand? Did you hurt yourself?” 
The moment he changed the subject, his gaze fell upon Sasha’s arm. 
Only then did Sasha looked down at it. 
In truth, Sebastian had twisted her hand earlier. However, he would never know that her body was filled with screws, including the forearm that he had just hurt. 
“I’m fine. I just hurt myself during work. It’s nothing some medication wouldn’t cure. Anyway, where’s Vivi?” 
Not wanting Karl to worry, she changed the subject. 
However, Karl was stumped. 
After all, he used to be a soldier and had worked as a bodyguard for many years. Therefore, he could recognize the injury on her hand with a single glance. 
Nevertheless, he didn’t force the issue since Sasha didn’t want to talk about it. 
Pointing at the room, he remarked, “She’s already asleep. If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave.” 
“All right. Thanks for everything.”
Nodding in acknowledgment, Sasha watched him leave. 
Late at night, when both mother and daughter were in deep sleep, a figure that had been keeping watch outside the window slipped in and placed a bottle of medication for bruises on the table. 
After that, the figure disappeared at once. 
The next day, Sasha was awoken by a squeaky voice whispering softly. 
“Vivi, you’re up?” Sasha called out with her eyes still closed. 
The moment she spoke, Vivian, who was underneath the bed talking on the phone with her brothers, covered her mouth anxiously. After that, she began to look up carefully. 
“Mommy, you’re awake?” 
“Mmm-hmm. What are you doing? Why are you underneath the bed?” 
Sasha was given a fright and quickly picked her up. 
Meanwhile, Vivian did not turn off the communication device in her ear as she wanted to let her brothers hear Sasha’s voice. Hence, she snuggled up to her mom and began chatting with her. 
“Mommy, are you going to see Daddy today?” 
“Yes.” 
When the thought crossed her mind, Sasha felt perplexed. Although she did feel better after scolding him the day before… 
Oh no! Will he be angry? Will he bar me from entering? 
Sasha began to worry.
“Mommy, when will I get to see Daddy? I really want to go and see him.” 
Oblivious to Sasha’s concerns, Vivian made known her intentions with a pout. 
Sasha kept mum. 
Take her along? I’d better not. I’m not even sure if I can get to see him today. Hence, it’s better to wait for things to calm down first. 
“Be patient as today is just my second day. There’s a fierce grandpa in Daddy’s house now. Once I get a handle on him, I’ll take you there, alright?” 
“Is that so?” 
Vivian was upset. 
However, there was no way she could go against Sasha. 
Hence, when Sasha went to the bathroom, she continued chatting with her brothers while lying on her bed. 
“Matt, Mommy doesn’t want to take me to see Daddy, what should I do? If I don’t get to see him, neither will both of you.” 
“Calm down.” A child’s voice chimed out of the communication device. It was Matteo speaking. 
“Our main ive now is to understand Daddy’s situation. Ian, didn’t you find out that the old man named Jadeson is our biological great-grandpa?” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
Ian grunted in acknowledgment.
Matteo added, “In that case, let’s find a way to let him know of our existence.” 
“Huh?” 
The moment Matteo spoke, Vivian widened her eyes in shock while Ian gave him a quizzical look. 
When he saw the look on Ian’s face, Matteo chuckled. “Isn’t a pair of twin great-grandsons priceless to an old man?” 
Ian was dumbstruck but quickly understood what Matteo was getting at. 
That’s true. Our existence would be considered delightful news to that old man. 
Furthermore, their emergence would be of great help to their parent’s reconciliation. At the very least, they would be able to notify Karl in time unlike the time in the hospital. 
Or perhaps, they could seek help from others who were just as powerful. 
That way, Vivian wouldn’t have to go through such a shock. 
Ian strongly supported his brother’s idea. “Fine. That’s what we’ll do then.” 
With that, the boys began working on their tablet. 
After breakfast, Sasha took a taxi to Oceanic Estate. 
“Hi, I’m Dr. West. Please open the door for me.” 
The servant who answered the door appeared on the screen and replied, “Oh, Dr. West! Good morning. Would you like to come in? Mr. Hayes has gone to the Red Pavilion.” 
Sasha was delighted that she wasn’t barred from entering the place.
The Red Pavilion? What sort of a place is that? 
###Chapter 743
Chapter 743
“I’m sorry, but where is that? Why did he go there super early in the morning?” 
“It’s Mr. Devin’s house. He came over this morning to bring Mr. Hayes to his place for breakfast,” the housemaid explained to Sasha patiently. 
Oh, he’s gone to Devin’s. 
Relieved, Sasha immediately hailed a cab and left for Red Pavilion. 
Her main ive was to take care of Sebastian. Since he had gone somewhere else, she must surely follow. 
Many locals in Jadeborough knew that the Jadesons did not live together. Each of the family members had their own residence. 
For example, Charles lived in Jade Court; Connor at Deerlake Ranch, whereas Colton resided in a regular villa. 
Devin, on the other hand, made Red Pavilion his home. 
When Jonathan moved into the Oceanic Estate, he was apprehensive about being influenced negatively by the others. Hence, he never allowed any family members to stay with him. 
Shortly after, Sasha showed up at Red Pavilion. 
What greeted her was a humungous garden-style villa. Though it was not as grand as the Oceanic Estate, it certainly looked like it cost a fortune.
“Hello. May I ask if this is Mr. Devin Jadeson’s residence?” 
“Ya, who are you?” The security guard was not as polite as the ones at Oceanic Estate for he did not recognize Sasha. 
Then, Sasha showed him her work ID. 
“Sorry, I’m actually Mr. Sebastian’s family doctor. I heard that he came over this morning, so I made a trip here to see him.” 
“Family doctor?” 
As soon as the security guard saw her work ID, his gaze changed instantly. Thereafter, Sasha was led into the villa. 
Along the way, she walked past a luxurious garden with a magnificent view. She also noticed a lot of housemaids busy doing their chores. The entire atmosphere felt even more grandeur than the Oceanic Estate. 
“Did you see that person? I think he looks all right.” 
“Yup, I saw him, and I think so too.” 
All of a sudden, Sasha heard the housemaids chattering away at work. 
She strode toward them. 
“However, they said that he’s crazy. I can’t tell. He just sits there without saying much. Anyhow, everything about him seems normal to me, especially his looks. He has that nobleness in him; it almost looks like his second nature.” 
“Geez!” Someone mocked, “That’s considered a noble look? Do you know who his mother is?”
“Who?” 
“The daughter of a commoner in a small town!” 
All the housemaids at the garden were left in complete bewilderment by that remark. 
A lowly commoner? That’s so unworthy. They are probably country bumpkins. 
Within seconds, everyone changed their attitude and started showing contempt toward the subjects of their gossips. Some even started discussing his non-existent flaws, namely glum, sick, seemingly an abnormal person… 
Infuriated, Sasha stormed toward them and questioned intentionally, “Who are you talking about? Mr. Sebastian?” 
“Ahh!” The group of housemaids were startled. 
They left with the look of fear on their faces. 
What’s this all about? 
Sasha felt much better after seeing how terrified they were. Subsequently, she took a stroll along the route which led her to the main door of the villa. 
“You’re really here, Mr. Hayes. I’m here to pick you up,” delighted, Sasha exclaimed. 
Just as she had expected, she saw the man whom she was looking for. He was sitting on the couch, chatting with Stephen and Devin. 
As she spoke, the trio turned their heads at her in unison.
The father and son did not look too surprised. After all, they were well aware of her being sent by Grayson to the Oceanic Estate. 
Sebastian, on the contrary, furrowed his brows when he saw her. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Is he displeased? Is he still angry about what happened yesterday? 
Sasha’s heart sank. His unwelcoming attitude is such a turn off. 
“Oh, it’s Dr. West. Come on in. Have you had your breakfast?” Devin was the kind one who greeted and invited her into the villa. 
Feeling rather uneasy, Sasha entered the house and sat next to Sebastian. 
“Sorry for being late this morning, Mr. Hayes, When I arrived, you’ve already left the house. My sincere apologies.” 
The room was as silent as the grave. Nobody responded to her. That man even looked away indifferently, as if she was not present. 
Sasha cursed in her heart. 
This man is one who holds grudges! 
Thankfully, Stephen broke the awkward silence as he recalled who Sasha was. “Oh, it’s you! The doctor whom Grayson sent.” 
Instantly, Stephen’s expression turned nasty.
“Haha, yes, you’re right, Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson.” Sasha smiled wryly because she also remembered how she blasted them away when the two visited the hospital the other day. 
“I’m really sorry about what happened the last time we met, Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson. I had to ask the two of you to leave first and prioritized Mr. Hayes’ health condition at that time,” she attempted to justify her action. 
Right after she finished her explanation, a high-pitched woman’s voice sounded from the back. “Yes, you considered my nephew’s condition the other day. But what about now? My nephew is perfectly fine. So, can you leave right away?” 
“Huh?” Sasha turned and looked in the direction of the middle-aged woman. 
“Me? You want me to leave now?” 
“Yes, can you do that? This is not a hospital, so why are you here? As you said that day, if you want to wait for your patient, you should wait outside instead,” gritting her teeth, Jasmine retorted with full resentment. 
###Chapter 744
Chapter 744
To Sasha, the Jadesons were like the ultimate example of the rich and famous. 
They were regarded as distinguished members of royalty that countless people wanted to associate themselves with so badly. The Jadeson family held supreme power in their hands; they could do anything they wanted at anytime and anywhere. 
Gazing at the scowling face of the woman who wanted to kick her out of the house, Sasha was amused by the irony. 
Where’s the manners that should be demonstrated by an aristocratic family? 
“Sure, excuse me then.” Sasha could not be bothered to argue with her. Rising to her feet, she was ready to take her leave. 
Unexpectedly, a familiar, frigid voice drifted over. “Come over here.” 
Hmm? 
Everyone was dumbfounded by that sudden request. Sasha stopped in her tracks while Stephen and Jasmine turned their heads to the man who had spoken. 
It was Sebastian. 
He did not show much emotion through his eyes and his handsome face remained expressionless. As usual, he exuded a cold and hostile vibe, directly contrasting the warm morning sun, which was shining in through the window.
Like an intimidating statue, his presence made others shudder in fear. 
Stephen and his wife dared not speak any further. 
Sasha hesitated before asking, “Mr. Hayes, are you calling me?” 
There was yet, another dead silence. 
Moments later, Sebastian grew impatient and tried to prop himself up from the couch. 
“Be careful!” Anxious, Sasha dashed across the room and held him. 
Jasmine and Stephen were surprised to see his reaction. 
At that moment, Devin just returned after instructing the housemaid to serve breakfast. Upon seeing the scene, he was stunned. “What happened? Sebastian, where are you going?” 
“Out!” he yelled angrily. 
Out? Where to? Is he leaving? 
The faces in the living room dropped instantly, especially Stephen and his wife. 
For a long time, the couple had been preparing to receive Sebastian. 
Ever since Jonathan brought Sebastian home, the latter had never been nice to him. In fact, he even laid hands on him. As his father’s son, Stephen could clearly see that Jonathan was not bothered by Sebastian’s appalling attitude. On the contrary, Jonathan was in favor of Sebastian. 
For instance, he brought Sebastian to Heron Hill, and also let him stay at the Oceanic Estate. 
Hence, Stephen felt threatened. Apart from falling out of Jonathan’s favor, he also feared that Devin would face the same fate too.
Will Dad change his mind about the rightful heir to the inheritance? 
The couple got so worked up lately that they had been urging Devin to bring Sebastian over, just so they could get to know him better. 
They also had another hidden agenda in mind. It was a golden opportunity for the couple to show care and concern to Sebastian who had never met his father. They wanted to present themselves well to Jonathan and earn some credits while doing it. 
Stephen clenched his fists. 
“Going out? Where to? Are you heading home? Why so soon? Lunch is not even ready yet. Don’t you want to hang around here today?” Devin had the impression that Sebastian wanted to leave. Panicked, he tried to persuade him to stay. 
Hearing all these, Sasha was completely baffled. 
Is he planning to go home? He wants to leave with me because Jasmine is kicking me out? 
She looked at him through the corner of her eyes, feeling delighted at that thought. There was a glint of light in her eyes. 
However, Sebastian kept quiet as he stood up. With Sasha’s help, he reached out to his wheelchair and settled in. 
Feeling restless, Stephen approached him and said, “That’s right. You’ve only been here for a short while, Sebastian. Are you really planning to go home now? I took a day of leave from the military headquarters just so I can spend some time with you today.” 
“Well, you’re more than welcomed to go to work now,” Sebastian snapped at him.
Stephen was taken aback by his cruel response. 
He’s really ruthless! How insolent! 
“Oh dear, how can I do that? This is the very first time we are going to have a meal together as uncle and nephew. Sebastian, are you upset because Jasmine made a remark on your doctor friend? Rest assured that I’ll make her apologize to her right now.” 
Subsequently, Stephen glared at Jasmine, who looked awful upon hearing what her husband said. 
“I…” she faltered. She couldn’t believe what she heard. 
“What’s up with that stammering? As an elder, where are your manners? Aren’t you the host? Why were you so calculative toward a young lady? Our family will be a laughing stock if this incident goes viral!” Stephen reprimanded her fiercely. 
The reason for his outburst was because he was afraid that Jasmine would ruin his grand plan. 
After getting an earful from her husband, Jasmine scanned the room and noticed that all eyes were on her. She felt terrible that the housemaids were all staring at her. At that instant, she was so embarrassed that she wished she could dig a hole and bury herself in the ground. 
###Chapter 745
Chapter 745
How dare he lashes out at me in front of so many people? How should I continue living as the woman of the house with dignity? How can I face them henceforth? 
Jasmine was blazing with anger deep down, but she could only acquiesce to Stephen’s decision. 
“I’m sorry, Dr. West. Indeed, my tongue was rather loose just now. Somehow, as I get older, I tend to lose my temper easily. Please don’t take it to heart,” she faked a smile and said through gritted teeth. 
Her response got Sasha completely petrified. 
She did not expect the way things had turned out. One moment, she was being chased out; and within the blink of an eye, the person who was so hostile toward her actually said sorry to her. 
This feels great! 
Overjoyed, she cast a glance at the man in the wheelchair. 
“It’s okay. I was the one to blame for being so rude to both of you at the hospital. I’d like to apologize for my actions too.” Sasha tried to be the bigger person, and let bygones be bygones. 
With that said and done, is Sebastian still planning to leave? 
Everything seemed to have sorted out. Yet, the lot was quietly waiting in trepidation because that man was still moving in his wheelchair! 
“Sebastian, you are…”
“Accompany me to the bathroom.” He took a quick glance at Devin, and then completed the sentence where he left off. 
The whole living room fell silent. 
So, after all the drama, he actually doesn’t have the intention to leave the house, but he just wants to go to the bathroom? What is he trying to do? Did he make a scene in order to stand up for this woman? What a bast*rd! 
Jasmine was about to go ballistic. 
Shortly after Devin pushed the wheelchair a distance away, Stephen slumped on the couch with a long face. He was infuriated. “This is too much!” 
He’s gone overboard. Sasha concurred with his thoughts because she felt cheated too. So, he wasn’t planning on leaving with me, and I got so thrilled for nothing. Huh… 
…… 
Half an hour later, everyone gathered at the dining table. Sasha sat next to Sebastian so that she could take care of him since his hands had not recovered fully. 
“What would you like to have? I’ll help you.” Putting on the disposable gloves, she cleaned his cutleries while skimming through the sumptuous spread on the table. 
Lunch was lavishly prepared. There was an array of dishes, from appetizers, mains, sides, covering eastern, continental, and western options. Everything was very well planned and elaborated. 
It turns out that the family does put in the effort to prepare for his visit. They didn’t just focus on their ulterior motives.
“Soup,” the only word Sebastian uttered. Although he did not have much appetite, he did it for Devin’s sake. 
Upon hearing that, Sasha served him a bowl of soup. 
“Why are you only drinking soup? Come on, Sebastian, try this. It’s grilled lamb.” 
After seeing his nephew asking merely for soup despite being served with a splendid range of delicacies, Stephen enthusiastically introduced all the yummy food and encouraged him to try them. 
Devin followed suit, attempting to make Sebastian feel welcomed. 
Soon, the food on Sebastian’s plate piled up like a small hill. 
The observant Sasha noticed that the man gave a grimace of disgust. Thus, she proactively removed the full plate from his sight and placed it in front of her. 
“Sorry, Mr. Hayes’ hands haven’t fully recovered. Considering that he might not be flexible with his hands, it’ll be better if I serve him his food.” 
Then, she picked up the cutlery and started cutting the food for him. 
Stephen and Devin exchanged glances but said nothing. 
Jasmine displayed her annoyance and displeasure through a dimmed expression. 
She actually waits on him and even takes care of his daily diet! Is she really a doctor? I think she looks more like a wh*re who’s trying to take advantage of the situation to climb up the social ladder. 
As she scoffed under her breath, she had an idea. 
Sasha was busy preparing the food and seemed to be unaware of Jasmine’s odd expression.
She was focusing on removing those items that Sebastian disliked. He’s such a picky eater with a massive mysophobia. He surely won’t touch these things. 
Sasha picked only the piece in the center and a sandwich which nobody had laid a finger on. Next, she rearranged them neatly, spread some butter on them, and served them before that man. 
“All right, all done. I’ve carefully picked out the parts where no one has touched. Please help yourself,” she muttered gently as if she was coaxing a child. 
Sebastian’s lip twitched slightly. He wanted to reprimand her for being a nagger and a busybody. 
However, he was at a loss for words when his gaze fell on the sandwich. The way she plated the food was so professional; everything was extremely precise as if she had measured them using a ruler. 
###Chapter 746
Chapter 746
On top of being a germaphobe, he also had obsessive-compulsive disorder. 
Shortly after he opened his eyes, he picked up the set of cutlery in front of him. 
Devin, who was there throughout the session, found out that Sasha was pretty cautious while serving Sebastian his breakfast. 
Aware of the germaphobe’s pet peeves, she served him his favorite set of big breakfast instead of a traditional set. 
Devin’s eyes flickered as he continued losing himself in a train of thoughts. 
Shortly after their breakfast, Stephen brought Sebastian away with him and asked his nephew to join him for chess. 
On top of that, Stephen mentioned he needed Sebastian to provide his feedback for the subsidiaries of the Jadesons. 
Sasha thought Stephen had reached out to the right person since Sebastian had always been an exceptional corporate player. 
Immediately after their departure, she started cleaning up the table, but Devin showed up behind her and instructed, “Dr. West, just leave the rest to the housemaid. Why don’t you come along with me? I have something for Sebastian to hand over to you.” 
She followed him without any doubts since he was the only one who truly cared about Sebastian amongst the rest of the Jadesons.
Although she couldn’t forgive him for the things he had done, she knew it wouldn’t be wise to pick on him for Sebastian’s sake. 
They made their way to the courtyard of Red Pavilion shortly after marching out of the mansion. 
Devin asked, “Where are you from, Dr. West? The way you speak sort of reminds me of my friends from Tayhaven.” 
Startled by the question directed at her, she made up her mind to play along with him and stammered, “Y-Yes! I-I’m from Tayhaven!” 
Tayhaven? Speaking of which, my dearest cousin’s wife is from Tayhaven as well, isn’t she? 
Devin asked with a smile, “Tayhaven is a wonderful city. I have been missing the people and the food there ever since I was dispatched there for a mission.” 
“W-Well, it’s nothing special.” 
Halfway through their conversation, Devin announced in a serious tone, “No! Tayhaven is a freaking food paradise! I’m still missing the local delicacies of Tayhaven up until this very moment!” 
Sasha found the man hilarious since he was nothing similar to the almighty successor of the Jadesons she had heard of from others. 
She once thought he was a bloodlust militant, but the man in front of him was nothing similar to the rumors she heard. 
“Indeed, there are a lot of local delicacies worth giving a try. If you’re craving for any of those in the future, just give me a heads up whenever you drop by Tayhaven in the future. I’ll bring you around.” 
“Sure!” Devin was thrilled by Sasha’s suggestion.
Ten minutes later, they finally made their way to the other end of the mansion. Devin showed him the way up the stairs and led her to another room. 
She thought it wouldn’t be wise to join him in the room since there were just the two of them. Thus, she mentioned she would wait for him outside of the room. 
Devin stopped insisting and made his way into the room without Sasha. 
Bam! 
Out of nowhere, a loud bang inside the room took Sasha by surprise since she was clueless about the things going on inside the room. 
As a result, she barged into the room in fear of something bad happening to Devin. She yelled, “Mr. Jadeson, are you okay? What’s—” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in disbelief when she caught a glimpse of the suitcase on the floor. To her surprise, another one of the suitcases on top of the wardrobe was about to fall. 
Afraid of making things worse, Devin dared not move around. He muttered to himself with his face scrunched up in agony, “Mom shouldn’t have—” 
Sasha’s mind was all over the place. Seconds after she saw the chair next to Devin, she rushed over and made it to his side. 
“Hold on a second! Let me help you with that!” 
Without a second thought, she climbed her way up the chair and tiptoed to stop the suitcase from falling and injuring Devin.
That was the only thing she could think of to help the man since it was only a matter of time until the pent-up fatigue caught up to him and his sore arms. 
Sasha thought of adjusting the suitcases as soon as the man moved his hands away from the falling one, but he seemed to be having his sweet time and had his eyes glued to her in silence. 
What the hell is he doing? Wait! Is he staring at my chest? 
When Sasha took a peek at Devin, she saw him staring at her chest and flushed in irritation, repeating the man’s name to stop him, “Mr. Jadeson?” 
Devin, whose mind was all over the place, finally snapped out of bewilderment and looked elsewhere the moment he returned to his senses. 
He finally caught a glimpse of the difference in skin tone around her neck. 
In spite of being anxious, her emotions were barely reflected on her face when her limbs had long turned stiff. 
It seemed as if she had put on a mask. Nonetheless, it was a well-crafted mask as no one could tell the difference unless they were in close proximity to examine it. 
Overwhelmed by the possibilities awaiting him, Devin had a hard time comprehending the truth. 
###Chapter 747
Chapter 747
It turned out Devin was the mastermind behind the staged accident. It was one of his many attempts to verify his seemingly absurd hypothesis. 
As absurd as it might sound, he knew it was time for him to stop denying the truth. He started shivering against his will due to the vast amount of information he had to process in split seconds. 
His eyes started brimming with tears when he thought God had been merciful and granted him another chance to atone for his sin. 
As torrents of grief streamed down Devin’s cheeks, he looked elsewhere to avoid Sasha’s gaze. 
Sasha, who couldn’t take it any longer, raised her volume and asked, “Mr. Jadeson, what are you doing? Is everything–” 
“I’m fine! It must be the dust sneaking its way into my eyes again! Hold on a second! I’ll return to adjust the suitcase immediately!” Shortly after he made himself clear, he rushed out of the room. 
Is something wrong with him? Isn’t he aware I’m still trying to stop these suitcases from falling? Why the hell has he left me alone when he’s the one behind the mess? 
Sasha was slightly angry, but Devin returned with his hair and shoulders completely drenched when she was about to do something about it. 
Has the man rushed downstairs to get himself a stick just for the suitcases? Is that the reason he’s completely drenched in sweat? 
A few minutes later, they put the suitcases aside and had everything sorted out.
Seconds after Devin regained his composure, he looked at Sasha in the eyes and expressed his apology, “I’m so sorry for the mess, Dr. West! Are you okay?” 
Sasha shook her head, indicating she was fine when it was not a big deal. 
When she thought they had been away for quite a long time, she had no intention to waste her time with him anymore. 
She asked, “What about the thing you wish to hand over to me, Mr. Jadeson? Is it in the room?” 
“Y-Yes!” Devin finally snapped out of confusion and retrieved an album from the wardrobe behind him. 
Confused, Sasha asked, “What is this?” 
Staring at the album he had with him, he asked in a serious tone, “It’s an album with our photos over the years. Hasn’t Dr. Wallen sent you here on his behalf to help Sebastian regain his memories? Don’t you think this album is going to be of help?” 
Sasha was thrilled because the album would definitely be of great aid to a multiple personality disorder patient. The album might trigger the memories Sebastian had with others back in the day. 
This album is the best thing I can ever ask for! 
The overjoyed woman marched her way down the stairs, but she dared not peruse the album in fear of another emotional breakdown since Sebastian was longer in his prime. 
“Have any of you seen Mr. Hayes or Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson?” 
One of the housemaids showed Sasha the way to the left of the courtyard and said, “They’re currently fishing at the Valley of Jade.” 
Huh? Is he seriously fishing?
Sasha staggered and almost fall as a result of the housemaid’s reply when she recalled Sebastian was never a fan of time-consuming activities as such. 
He spent most of his time racing whenever he was free back in the day. In short, she couldn’t imagine the man indulging himself in time-consuming activities that would take him at least a few hours. 
Without further ado, Sasha rushed in the direction of Sebastian and found the duo fishing underneath the canopy next to the glistering pond. 
I get it, Stephen! As much as you wish to get him to open up to you, don’t you think you need to figure out the things he enjoys doing first? 
Marching in the duo’s direction, Sasha brought herself to a halt when she heard Stephen announcing in a melancholic tone, “Your father, Shin, was the most exceptional member of the Jadesons. He was a prodigy in almost everything. That was precisely the reason your grandfather had always been fond of him.” 
As soon as she figured out the content of their conversation, she paused and started eavesdropping on their conversation right where she was. 
“Does it really matter? Hasn’t he killed his son in the end?” 
“No!” Stephen was slightly infuriated when he heard his nephew. He rebuked, “You need to stop listening to those baseless accusations, Sebastian! Your grandfather isn’t the one behind your father’s demise!” 
“If that’s the case, who’s the one behind his demise?” 
Stephen suppressed the prickling sensation he felt behind his eyes and announced, “A sniper took him by surprise and killed him when he was astonished by the bad news of you passing along with your mother.”
Although Jonathan mentioned he would take Shin out the moment he found out his son had defied his instruction and gotten himself married to Frieda, he was never the one behind Shin’s demise. 
Charles was the one who had taken Jonathan’s instruction seriously and made his way to Avenport. 
In an attempt to take Shin out, he abducted his heavily pregnant wife and told Shin the bad news when he was dispatched for a mission. 
In the end, Shin failed to defend himself against his foes since his mind was all over the place. As a result, his foe brought upon his demise on the battlefield. 
Stephen remarked in a sincere manner, “Apart from your father, Charles was regarded the next best successor of the Jadesons. He was the one who would stand the most to gain from your father’s demise. Unfortunately, we couldn’t get our hands on the evidence to prove him guilty. As much as your grandfather wished to take action against him, there wasn’t much he could do. I have never once given up on avenging your father over the years as well.” 
###Chapter 748
Chapter 748
It was evident it wasn’t an act as Stephen was on the verge of letting loose of his emotions after sharing the things he had been keeping to himself throughout the years. 
Sebastian went dead silent and had his eyes glued to the pond. No one could possibly figure out the things he had in mind due to his deadpan look. 
When Sasha saw the fishing rod vibrating, she rushed over and started jumping for joy in front of the duo. 
“Mr. Hayes, look at the fishing rod! I think you have just caught a fish!” 
Initially, Sebastian had no intention to reel in the fish, but he changed his mind and took over the fishing rod upon another glimpse at Sasha. 
Swoosh! 
He reeled in a fish that was at least a few pounds in weight in a matter of seconds. 
Thrilled by the man’s catch, Sasha exclaimed as if she was the one in the middle of a fishing session, “It’s such a big fish!” 
Stephen was influenced by the woman’s sprightly behavior. He asked, “Dr. West, have you never tried fishing before this?” 
Sasha squatted next to the fish and remarked with her eyes gleaming, “No! To be precise, this is the first time I have seen someone fishing! It’s amazing!”
Her parents had never allowed her to indulge herself in leisure activities as such. She was required to attend different classes to nurture her talent whenever she was free. She was a member of the Hayes upon reaching adulthood. As soon as she gave birth to her children, she went abroad to stay away from the man. 
Thus, she had never indulged herself in such a leisure activity to the point she couldn’t move her eyes away from the fish. 
Sebastian was at a loss for words and thought of warning her to stay away from the fish. He was disgusted by the thought of her smelling like a fish and showing up next to him. 
However, Stephen suggested, “If that’s the case, why don’t you go ahead and give it a try, Dr. West?” 
“Is that fine?” 
Sebastian couldn’t believe his ears because his uncle had just suggested for her to join them. 
Things became lively as soon as Sasha joined the duo. She bombarded Sebastian with all sorts of questions every once in a while. 
“Mr. Hayes, is this the proper way to reel in the fish?” 
“Mr. Hayes, why aren’t there any fish?” 
“Mr. Hayes, is there something wrong with my bait?” 
“Mr. Hayes-” 
Unable to stand it anymore, Sebastian clenched his teeth and gasped out his reply, “Just keep quiet!” 
The woman responded with an aggrieved look and took a seat next to them, staring at the pond in silence.
Is she even in her right mind? There’s no way she’s getting a fish when she’s so loud! She’s the one intimidating the fishes in the pond! 
Stephen beamed in satisfaction as the duo continued bickering with one another. He had brought up Sebastian’s father in an attempt to strike up a conversation with Sebastian. 
To his surprise, Sebastian couldn’t care less at all. Stephen couldn’t stand it anymore—he thought of giving up since he was the one doing all the talking. 
Things took a drastic turn of events the moment the woman showed up and insisted on joining them. 
The seemingly irked young man volunteered to boil them another pot of water for the coffee, indicating he had no intention to wrap up the session just yet. 
Sasha was on the verge of going berserk because she couldn’t get her hands on any fish even after spending a few hours next to the pond. 
What the heck? What on earth is wrong with me? This is so frustrating! 
Unable to take it anymore, she sprang up from her seat, casting her fishing rod aside with all her might. 
She marched in the direction of Sebastian’s icebox and remarked, “That’s it! I’m pretty sure it’s your fishing rod doing the ticks! Just look at your catch versus mine!” 
Sebastian, who had spent the past few hours with her, answered in a sarcastic manner, “You need to stop blaming others when you’re the one intimidating the fishes.” 
What does he mean I’m intimidating the fishes when I’m just trying to figure out the proper way to fish? Am I not allowed to ask questions when I’m just a rookie? 
She ignored him and brought him away with her.
“Are we leaving the fish behind?” 
Sasha answered without turning back, “What? Are you trying to bring those fishes away with you when those belong to your uncle? It’s not like there’s anyone to serve you the fishes once you’re home!” 
Sebastian’s lips twitched against his will because the woman seemed to have meant her words and brought him away with her without a second thought. 
Truth be told, she was right—Sebastian’s rod was the thing doing the tricks. After all, it was one of Stephen’s many attempts to keep Sebastian engaged. 
In the end, Sebastian stopped making a fuss and returned to the mansion since it was about time for dinner. 
It was about time to leave after they had their meal. 
Prior to their departure, Devin approached Sebastian, who had long taken a seat in the car, and urged, “Sebastian, you need to stop throwing a tantrum and making Dr. West’s life miserable, okay? She truly cares about you. Also, she’s Dr. Wallen’s apprentice.” 
Staring at the woman trying to stuff the wheelchair into the boot, Sebastian remarked, “She’s quite a remarkable woman, huh? You’re already siding with her when it has merely been a few visits.” 
Devin’s heart skipped a beat when he thought he shouldn’t have brought those up. He stammered as he was at a loss for words to explain himself, “I-I…” 
###Chapter 749
Chapter 749
As soon as she returned to Oceanic Estate with Sebastian, he alighted from the car through others’ aid and wheeled himself into the mansion. 
Shortly after she parked the car, she found out she was shut out of the mansion once again. 
Staring at the shut-tight door, the confused Sasha yelled, “Mr. Hayes? Hello? I’m still out here! Why have you closed the door?” 
He paid no heed to her and instructed others to wheel him around as soon as he made his way into the mansion. 
In an attempt to figure out the things going on, Sasha approached the security guard and asked, “What’s going on? Can you open the door for me?” 
The security guard announced with an apologetic look, “I’m so sorry, Dr. West. He has made himself clear that you’re not allowed to show up anywhere near the estate anymore.” 
Sasha was utterly dumbfounded by the drastic turn of events for the worse when things were just fine a few hours ago. 
What’s wrong with him? Why has he shut me out for no reason? Have I offended him? Why is he forbidding me from getting anywhere near the estate? 
Is it because I have left the fishes behind? Does it have something to do with the fishing session in the afternoon?
Sasha was on the verge of losing her mind since he refused to open the door as much as she groveled herself at his mercy. 
Oh, God! What on earth is wrong with this grumpy man? 
Unable to think of anything to change Sebastian’s mind, the upset Sasha had no choice but to make her way back to her apartment. 
Once she returned, Karl gaped at the presence of the upset Sasha since her emotions were written all over her face. He asked, “Mrs. Hayes, is everything fine? Did you have a fight with Mr. Hayes again?” 
“Technically, I’m not trying to start a fight, but I might have accidentally gotten on his nerves by leaving his fishes behind.” 
“H-Huh?” Karl couldn’t believe his ears when Sasha told him the almighty Sebastian had gotten worked up over a trivial issue. 
Is he seriously picking on others over such a trivial issue? 
“Well, we’ll just blame it on his illness! I’ll go get him a freaking bucket of fish in the morning! We shall see if it’s enough to please him!” 
The equally frustrated Sasha stomped her way in the direction of the bathroom shortly after she shared her plan with Karl. 
After hearing that, Karl couldn’t help was amused by the change in his boss. I can’t imagine he actually kicks a fuss over some fish. 
Sasha wasn’t particularly bothered, but when she thought of getting Sebastian a bucket of fish in the morning, she received a call.
The person on the other end announced as soon as Sasha picked up the call, “Mrs. Hayes, they almost gained access to the Jadesons’ system, including Jonathan’s computer. We were very close to losing it.” 
“What?” 
When Sasha heard the news, she sprang up from the bed in the middle of the night and started reprimanding her sons in her mind. 
Are they even in their right mind? How dare they try to hack the Jadesons’ system, including Jonathan’s computer? 
Sasha was on the verge of losing her mind. She rushed out of her room and asked in a hushed voice, “What the heck is going on? Why have they tried something as reckless as such?” 
The person on the other end of the call gasped out his reply, “I’m not sure, but it’s safe to assume they have been plotting against the Jadesons behind everyone! If it weren’t because of the system Mr. Hayes had set up in advance, I’m afraid the Jadesons have long figured out their presence by now!” 
Sasha was very close to passing out when she thought of the things awaiting her had that been the case. 
She was well aware of her brilliant sons’ capabilities. Thus, she had instructed others to keep their eyes on them the moment she left them in their care. 
They must have gotten increasingly fearless after being away from us for such a long time, huh? What the heck are they up to? Are they trying to expose themselves or something? 
Have they any idea of the challenges I’m going through just to keep their father safe? They’re going to be doomed if the Jadesons are aware of their presence! 
Unable to calm herself anymore, she knocked on Karl’s door the moment she hung up the call.
“Mr. Frost, something’s wrong with Ian and Matteo!” 
Karl was equally astonished when he heard of the bad news. He asked, “What’s going on?” 
Sasha repeated the timeline of the entire incident and said, “I need to make a trip to Miralaea to ensure everything’s fine! Otherwise, I’m afraid they’re going to make a mess and get everyone in trouble!” 
“Mmm!” Karl was of the same idea, but he thought it wouldn’t be wise for her to make the trip. 
“It’s going to be fine! It’ll merely take three days at most! After all…” 
She paused when she thought of the conflict she had with Sebastian. A few seconds later, she remarked, “Since the grumpy man doesn’t want me anywhere near him, I’ll just leave him alone for a few days.” 
Karl was about to say something, but he chose to keep those to himself. As soon as she had everything she needed ready, he drove her to the airport and dropped her off. 
She might be the only one capable of persuading her brilliant sons. Thus, she had to make the trip to Miralaea over the night. 
Sebastian’s well-illuminated room at Oceanic Estate roused him from his sleep early in the morning. 
“Mr. Hayes, do you need my help to get you out of bed?” 
The housemaid, who had been anticipating Sebastian outside of his room, knocked on the door and asked when she heard him bringing himself up. 
They were afraid of getting anywhere near Sebastian since he had the guts to pick on Jonathan as if it wasn’t a big deal.
Thus, they were afraid of startling him and touching him without his consent in fear of getting yelled at by the man. 
###Chapter 750
Chapter 750
The man remained silent for quite some time. A few minutes later, the housemaid heard someone closing in her direction. 
The moment the man opened the door, the housemaid found out Sebastian had hopped his way out of bed with his only functioning leg. 
Staring at the handsome man in front of him, she lost herself in a train of thought until she heard the man instructing her in a callous tone, “Go get my wheelchair over.” 
“O-Okay!” 
The housemaid responded with a nod and rushed in the direction of the wheelchair she had gotten ready in advance. 
Sebastian’s injuries were no longer a big problem, but he still couldn’t maneuver around as he wish. After all, his limbs had sustained quite serious injuries. 
Shortly after he took a seat in his wheelchair, he wheeled himself in the direction of the elevator and made his way downstairs. 
“Good morning, Mr. Sebastian!” 
“Good morning, sir!” 
As soon as he reached downstairs, the housemaids, who had long gotten themselves ready to serve him, greeted him in unison.
One of them brought him to the dining hall and served him all sorts of breakfast they had gotten ready beforehand. 
As usual, the housemaids put on their gloves and started serving Sebastian the cutlery he might need for his meal. 
However, he thought something was wrong when he recalled the breakfast he had yesterday. 
The housemaid talked to him in a courteous manner, “Mr. Sebastian, we have all sorts of dishes ready for you. May I know if you prefer something light today?” 
They were pretty mindful of their actions and refrained from touching the things on the table unless they were instructed to. 
Nonetheless, Sebastian wasn’t in the mood to savor the delicacies in front of him. In fact, he was slightly irked and brought himself away from the dining table after a few minutes. 
“Mr. Sebastian?” 
The handsome man instructed in a callous tone, “Get me a glass of water and bring it to the garden! It’s time for the physio session!” 
A few minutes later, a housemaid showed up with a glass of water and kept him company throughout the session. 
When Jonathan showed up with others, they saw the perspiring man repeating the same action in an attempt to regain the ability to walk just like an ordinary man. 
He could brace himself through the scorching sun and carry on with the session as though he couldn’t care less about the heat.
Throughout the session, he continued raising his legs with all his might all while lifting the dumbbell with his arms. 
He was completely drenched as if he had just returned from a swimming session. 
Tony remarked with a satisfied beam, “Mr. Jadeson, at the end of the day, Mr. Sebastian is still the heir of the Jadesons, the son of the most exceptional Jadesons throughout the history of the family! There’s no way Mr. Sebastian is going to give up on himself!” 
Although Jonathan was of the same idea, he had no intention to express his thoughts in front of others. Thus, he remarked, “I’m afraid he’s up to no good again!” 
Huh… What’s wrong with him? Can’t he stay true to himself? 
When Tony was about to carry on with the conversation after making their way to the living room, a housemaid approached them and announced, “Sir, Mr. Devin’s mother is here. Are we supposed to let her in?” 
“What brings her here today?” Jonathan’s frustration was written all over his face the moment he found out his daughter-in-law had shown up. 
The housemaid explained, “She has brought along quite a few things and her niece with her. Her niece is the one with exceptional culinary skills.” 
Tony, who was next to Jonathan throughout the conversation, responded with his eyes gleaming and suggested, “Is she the one in charge of the state banquet of the White House? If she’s the one, why don’t you get her to prepare your dinner?” 
Jonathan was tempted when he heard Tony’s suggestion. After all, he wouldn’t get to savor the delicacies on a daily basis.
In the end, he beckoned the housemaid to show them the way into the living room. 
“Dad, I can’t believe you’re here! Stephen told me you might be here prior to my departure, but I thought he had been pulling my leg again!” Jasmine started flattering her father-in-law as soon as she stepped into the foyer with her niece. 
As a matter of fact, she had always been the same—she would do everything just to keep her influence over others. 
Jonathan looked at her and asked, “What brings you here today?” 
As soon as she heard her father-in-law’s question, she started introducing her niece, “Kira’s finally back! She doesn’t really get to take a day off from the White House! Since you had always been a huge fan of her culinary skills, I thought of bringing her along with me!” 
Kira was a renowned chef in Jadeborough. Although she was relatively young, she managed to prove herself worthy with her exceptional culinary skills. She was in charge of the White House’s state banquets over the years. 
“Hello, Mr. Jadeson. It has been such a long time since our last meeting. I hope you’re doing fine,” Kira courteously greeted Jonathan as soon as her aunt introduced her to the rest in the living room. 
Upon a simple glimpse at the young lady, Jonathan found out she did a great job carrying herself in an elegant manner. 
It might have something to do with the fact she had to engage herself in a conversation with leaders of foreign nations as well. 
Jonathan greeted her in return, “I’m doing just fine. I can’t wait to see the sort of surprises you have in store for me.”
###Chapter 751
Chapter 751
“I have bought a lot of ingredients, including your favorite kinds of seafood, for the occasion! I’ll get her to serve you something that brings joy!” 
The moment Kira showed Jonathan the things she had with her, the rest of the family found out the duo had bought different types of ingredients. 
Jasmine had gone to great lengths just to keep her father-in-law entertained. 
On the other hand, the moment the completely drenched Sebastian made his way into the mansion from the garden, he heard them having a great time chit-chatting with one another in the living room. 
“Has anyone shown up?” he asked with a frown, indicating he was irked by the presence of the outsiders. 
The housemaid wheeling him into the living room answered, “Mrs. Jadeson has made her way here with her niece. They’re currently making Old Mr. Jadeson his meal. Shall I show you the way to them?” 
“No!” 
He turned down the housemaid and instructed her to bring him to the elevator instead. 
The observant Jasmine had been keeping an eye on Sebastian ever since she made it to the mansion. As soon as she saw Sebastian, she put everything aside and marched in the direction of her nephew. 
The moment she reached her nephew’s side, she asked, “Sebastian, where are you going? Why are you completely drenched in sweat?”
The shameless woman showed no signs of guilt as if she couldn’t recall the things she did at Red Pavilion. 
Sebastian ignored his so-called aunt and pressed the button of the elevator to return to his room. 
Jasmine started gritting her teeth in angst since no one had ever ignored her in such a manner. 
Has he no shame at all? If it weren’t because of Dad’s presence, I wouldn’t have struck up a conversation with him! 
Glaring at the arrogant young man’s departing figure, the infuriated woman had no choice but to return to the rest in the kitchen. 
Her niece, who was in the kitchen, had witnessed the duo’s interaction. She was slightly startled when she saw the young man bound in a wheelchair ignoring Jasmine. 
He’s such an interesting figure! 
As everyone gathered around in the dining room for lunch, Kira had everything ready for lunch sharp at twelve. 
Jonathan took another sip of his tea and instructed, “Tony, can you head upstairs and get him to join us?” 
“Alright, I’ll be back in a short while.” Tony excused himself and made his way up the stairs to get Sebastian to join them. 
Jonathan had always been a proud and egoistic man. He was aware of Jasmine and Sebastian’s interaction, but he had no intention to join them because he was against the idea of striking up a conversation with Sebastian. 
As much as Tony found Jonathan’s response hilarious, he knocked on Sebastian’s door and asked, “Mr. Sebastian, it’s almost time for lunch. Why don’t you head downstairs and join the rest of the family?”
The man inside the room turned down the offer without a second thought. “No.” 
He’s such a stubborn man! 
Tony ran out of ideas to persuade Sebastian. In the end, he barged into the room and said, “Mr. Sebastian, you’re not supposed to skip your meals! I know you prefer being away from others, but don’t you think it’s better for you to join your grandfather since he came here to check on you?” 
“No.” 
In the end, Tony brought something else up and asked, “Mr. Sebastian, can you consider doing Mr. Devin a favor? He has been doing all sorts of things just to keep you safe. You’re not going to cause him any trouble, are you?” 
Devin was the only member of the Jadesons capable of persuading Sebastian to change his mind. Otherwise, Sebastian wouldn’t have shown up at Red Pavilion yesterday. 
In the end, Sebastian gave in and joined the rest of the family in the dining room. 
Kira, who was in the middle of serving the dishes, was utterly baffled by the presence of the young man with ethereal-looking facial features. 
Staring at the handsome man, she lost herself in a process of thought and thought Sebastian was way too handsome to be considered a maniac. 
Is this the maniac of the family? Are they trying to pull others’ legs or something? Have they ever seen such a handsome maniac? It’s not even an exaggeration to consider him one of the most handsome men I have ever encountered throughout my life! 
Jasmine had long joined the rest at the dining table. She did a great job in keeping her frustration to herself the moment she saw her nephew.
She put on a calm front and greeted him enthusiastically, “Sebastian, you’re finally here! Hurry up and join us! My niece, Kira, has prepared all sorts of delicacies for the family!” 
Sebastian joined the rest of the family at the dining table with a deadpan look. 
Kira, who couldn’t move her eyes away from the man, finally snapped out of bewilderment. She joined the rest at the table with the last dish she made and announced with a courteous grin, “It took a little longer than usual, but here’s your favorite dish, Old Mr. Jadeson!” 
She showed up next to Jonathan and Sebastian, but she found out the young man couldn’t care less about her presence and seemed to have regarded her as just another stranger. 
In the end, she returned to her seat next to Jasmine after serving Jonathan his favorite dish. 
Shortly after they started savoring their dishes, Jonathan broke the silence and asked, “How are you doing?” 
When Tony thought Sebastian would ignore Jonathan again, Sebastian answered, “At least I’m still kicking and alive.” 
###Chapter 752
Chapter 752
Jonathan and Tony were rendered speechless by the seemingly harsh answer. Similarly, Jasmine brought herself to a halt when she heard Sebastian’s answer. 
Does he have a death wish or something? No one has ever talked to Dad in such an arrogant manner! 
Jonathan resisted the urge to reprimand Sebastian. He surveyed the surroundings and found out Sasha wasn’t around. Thus, he asked, “Where’s the doctor assigned to take care of you? Why is she nowhere to be seen today?” 
Things got increasingly worse as soon as he brought up the presence of Sasha. Sebastian’s face scrunched up in irritation within split seconds. 
Tony glared at the housemaid, instructing him to answer Jonathan’s query on Sebastian’s behalf. 
As much as the housemaid was afraid of offending Sebastian, she stammered, “D-Dr. West isn’t here because Mr. Sebastian has warned her to stay away from the mansion in the future.” 
The ones at the dining table, including Jonathan, gaped at the truth and looked in Sebastian’s direction. 
“What’s going on? Why have you warned her to stay away from you again? Isn’t she Grayson’s apprentice? Have you terminated her because of her inferior skills or something?” Jonathan asked rhetorically when he recalled his conversation with Grayson. 
Jonathan had made himself clear he would get someone else over to take care of him if Sasha couldn’t live up to expectation. 
On the other hand, Jasmine was thrilled when she heard the duo’s conversation.
Great! I have been waiting for the opportunity to send Kira to take care of him, but I can’t think of anything to justify it! 
He has just done me a huge favor! If that’s the case, I’ll introduce Kira to take care of him soon! 
“I’m pretty sure they have been hearing things again,” Sebastian assured the rest that wasn’t the case and that wouldn’t be necessary. 
Jasmine could barely catch her breath and almost passed out when she heard Sebastian dismissing Jonathan’s suggestion. 
On the contrary, Jonathan let out a sigh of relief when he found out everything was fine. He continued savoring the dishes in front of him. 
Out of the blue, he announced Sebastian’s upcoming assignment, “If that’s the case, whenever she returns, tell her to hurry up and do something about your condition as soon as possible. Stephen has quite a lot of things on his plate. Once you’re feeling well, I want you to join him and help him out.” 
Sebastian glanced at Jonathan as if he couldn’t be bothered at all. 
Meanwhile, Jasmine’s eyes widened in disbelief when she heard Jonathan’s announcement. 
Why is he sending Sebastian to help Stephen? Currently, we’re the only ones in charge of the corporate and investment subsidiaries of the Jadesons! Is he trying to do Sebastian a favor and allow him to assert influence over the family? 
The startled Jasmine clenched her fists with all her might to suppress her frustration. She put on a calm front and asked, “Dad, why are you sending him to help Stephen? I-I’m afraid that isn’t very wise of you.” 
“What do you mean it isn’t very wise of me?”
“I-I mean, he’s Shin’s son! I-Isn’t he supposed to join the ranks just like his late father?” Jasmine stammered as a result of Jonathan’s harsh question. 
“Since when was that a tradition of the family? Aren’t you aware of the things he has been up two over the past decade? Have you seen anyone being a match of the almighty Hayes Corporation?” Jonathan remarked sarcastically, indicating he was against the idea of her not acknowledging Sebastian’s talent as a corporate player. 
Jasmine couldn’t think of anything else to change Jonathan’s mind when she recalled Sebastian’s exceptional achievement in the corporate world. It was merely a piece of cake for him to manage a multinational company with influences all over the world. 
In short, it wouldn’t be much of a challenge for Sebastian to work wonders with the subsidiaries of the Jadesons. 
Jasmine was adversely impacted by the news. She lost the color on her face instantly. 
In the end, she strode out of the mansion with Kira next to her. Kira asked, “What’s wrong, Aunt Jasmine? Isn’t it great to have someone share the burden of Uncle Stephen?” 
“It’s not just that!” Jasmine got worked up and remarked, “He’s Shin’s son! Shin has always been Dad’s favorite child! I’m afraid it’s only a matter of time until he takes over Stephen’s position as the person in charge of the company since he’s such a capable man!” 
Kira couldn’t think of anything else to console her upset aunt since she would be in huge trouble if her uncle was no longer in power. 
“W-What are we supposed to do then?”
Out of nowhere, Jasmine announced with a vicious smirk, “What else are we supposed to do apart from taking him out? I’m going to ensure he’s handicapped for real!” 
Kira was horrified by the things Jasmine had brought up. She stuttered, “W-What exactly do you have in mind?” 
Gritting her teeth, Jasmine announced, “We’ll poison him! Since Dad has grown fond of you, just drop by Oceanic Estate and make him a meal every once in a blue moon whenever he’s around! If that’s the case, you can easily poison Sebastian!” 
Kira’s face turned pale when she found out that she was one of her aunt’s most important pawns. 
Is she seriously doing this to her nephew? 
Unwilling to condone her aunt’s decision, Kira stuttered, “Y-You-” 
“The first thing we need to do is to take out the doctor taking care of her! If she’s around to keep him safe, there’s no way you can approach him! I want you to get your hands on the doctor’s whereabouts within the next two days.” 
On top of her initial vicious plan, Jasmine had brought up another malicious plan to take out an innocent figure. 
Kira was utterly horrified by her aunt. She felt as if Jasmine was no longer the aunt she was familiar with. 
###Chapter 753
Chapter 753
Meanwhile, Sasha finally reached Miralaea at eight o’clock in the morning. However, due to the difference in time zone, it was still late night at Miralaea. 
Thus, as soon as she reached Miralaea, she made up her mind to take a short break as she was against the idea of rousing her sons from their sleep. 
“Mrs. Hayes, why don’t you go ahead and take a shower? Also, aren’t you going to do something to touch up your appearance? I’m afraid they’re going to…” 
The bodyguard of SteelFort knew Sasha was aware of his concern. Thus, he stopped himself from finishing his sentence. 
Sasha let out a long sigh and marched in the direction of the washroom to deal with her horrendous look. 
As a matter of fact, she couldn’t even bear to look at herself in the mirror even when she was alone. She just couldn’t accept the fact she was the horrendous woman in the mirror. 
After spending a long time touching up her appearance, she finally made her way out of the washroom. 
To her surprise, her sons showed up out of nowhere and catapulted in her direction once she walked out of the washroom. 
“Mommy!” 
They were thrilled by their mother’s presence after being apart for such a long time. Similarly, Sasha’s eyes welled up at the presence of her affectionate sons.
“I’m here! I’ll always be here!” She leaned over and held her sons firmly in her arms to reciprocate the affection she had for them. 
It feels great to be home after being apart for almost six months! 
She held them in her arms for a few minutes. Shortly after she regained her composure, she looked at them in the eyes and said, “Ian, Matt, I’m so sorry for being away for such a long time! I’m sure both of you are worried about me! Can you please forgive me for not being a responsible mother?” 
Matteo had always been a relatively sentimental little boy. He couldn’t resist the urge to weep when he saw his mother weeping. 
Unable to suppress the emotions he had been keeping to himself, he launched himself in his mother’s direction and held her in his arms. 
Meanwhile, Ian sniffled and resisted the urge to cry when he heard his mother. He reached over and caressed his mother’s cheek with a completely different look. 
“We have never thought of holding you accountable, Mommy! Does it hurt?” 
“Huh?” 
She felt her body stiffening when she heard Ian’s question. 
Shortly after she regained her composure, she grasped her son’s fist and assured him, “It doesn’t really hurt, but I’m afraid it’s going to startle you and Matt. Therefore, I’m going to keep it to myself until I can do something about it. It’s not going to take long, okay?” 
“Okay, Mommy.” 
Ian responded with a nod and assured his mother not to worry about him because there was no way they would leave her just because of her look. After all, she was the one they held dearly in mind.
Sasha brought them to the kitchen and made them something to eat shortly after they regained their composure after being apart for such a long time. 
She thought of making full use of her time since she finally had the opportunity to make her way back to them and keep them company. 
“Ian, shall we make some calzone?” 
“Sure!” 
Sasha turned around and asked her younger son, “What about you, Matt? Have you any cravings?” 
After she sort out the menu for their breakfast, she saw that her sons had gathered around and started engaging in a conversation in a hushed voice. 
“Just you wait and see! I’m sure Mommy is back to teach us a lesson!” 
“W-Well, we’re the ones at fault, aren’t we?” 
When Matteo heard Ian admitting their faults, his head drooped over his shoulders in a similar manner, indicating they were equally upset. 
I know we’re the ones at fault, but we’re merely trying to do Daddy and Mommy a favor! Otherwise, we wouldn’t have wasted our time to hack into that old geezer’s system! 
Their mother showed no signs of reprimanding them throughout the day. To be precise, Sasha refrained from bringing up the issue she was there for until it was evening. 
Shortly after they had their meal in the evening, Sasha asked her sons to gather around in front of her. 
She asked with a serious look, “Ian, Matteo, are you aware of the reason I’m back?”
“Yes.” 
The two little boys’ heads drooped over their shoulders again. They knew it was time for them to bear the consequences of their actions. 
“No! I don’t think any of you are aware of the actual reason I’m back! Are you aware of the things your father and I are going through? Are you aware his life is at stake the very moment I’m away from him?” 
Sasha made up her mind to tell her sons the truth. 
“What? Why is Daddy’s life at stake?” 
When the little boys heard their mother, they looked at her in the eyes with fear written all over their faces. 
Sasha responded with a nod and added, “We’re in quite a tough spot due to several ongoing issues at our ends. Initially, I have stopped Karl from sharing the details with both of you, but I think it’s time to stop keeping both of you in the dark for the sake of everyone’s safety.” 
Sasha shared the ongoing incidents with her sons without holding back and ensured they were on the same page. 
“M-Mommy, are you serious?” Matteo asked with an apologetic look. The little boy seemed as if he was about to have another emotional breakdown. 
It was pretty much the same for Ian, but he chose to keep his emotions to himself, grasping the toy he had with him with all his might to stop himself from weeping. 
Sasha was equally heartbroken because of her sons’ response. In the end, she urged, “I’m being pretty serious, but things have not come to the worst. I’ll definitely try my best to save your father! In other words, both of you need to stop trying anything rash without my consent. Am I clear?”
“Alright, Mommy! We won’t do anything rash again!” 
“Yes, Mommy!” 
Her sons responded with a nod and promised to mind their behaviors since they had finally figured out the challenges awaiting their family. 
Thrilled by her sons’ response, Sasha held them in her arms and spent the night with them to cherish their moments together since she had to return to Jadeborough soon. 
She was still clueless about the things in store for her, including the foes trying to take her out. 
###Chapter 754
Chapter 754
Sebastian couldn’t believe Sasha was nowhere to be seen even after a day. 
Has she always been such an obedient woman? Since when has she ever listened to my instruction apart from this one? 
“Mr. Sebastian, it’s time to take your medicines. We have everything ready according to Dr. West’s prescription.” 
“No!” he repeated himself with a frown and made his way upstairs. 
None of the housemaids had the guts to defy him after being on pins and needles over the past few days in fear of offending the grumpy man. 
They thought Sasha would return soon, but she was nowhere to be seen again. Hence, things got increasingly intense as compared to the day before for those in Oceanic Estate. 
“Mr. Sebastian, are you going for another physio session in the garden today?” 
“Of course!” he deadpanned his reply, confusing the rest of the housemaids. As much as they wished to figure out the things he had in mind to stop getting on his nerves. 
As much as they wished to figure out the things he had in mind to stop getting on his nerves, they couldn’t because the man was a tough nut to crack. 
Several housemaids brought him to the garden and stood aside, awaiting the man’s instructions.
When he tried to bring himself up and tiptoe his way to the pavilion, he groaned in pain and took the housemaids by surprise. 
“Mr. Sebastian, are you okay? Have you hurt yourself?” 
All hell broke loose in the garden as the housemaids weren’t sure of the things to do. 
One of them thought of getting in touch with the doctor. Thus, she rushed in the direction of the living room and announced, “Mr. Sebastian, I’ll go get Dr. West over at once!” 
“She’s right! We’ll get Dr. West over to check on you immediately!” 
The rest of the housemaids thought it was a brilliant idea. Thus, they sent someone to make the call. 
Unfortunately, they couldn’t reach Sasha since she had switched off her phone. To be precise, she was forced to switch off her phone since she was several thousand feet above the air in a plane. 
Nonetheless, there was no way the housemaids were aware of Sasha’s whereabouts. Unable to reach Sasha, they started exchanging glances with their faces puckered in fear. 
In the end, the disappointed bunch returned to Sebastian. “M-Mr. Sebastian, Dr. West seemed to have switched off her phone. W-What are we supposed to do?” 
Crack! 
A sentence was all it took to trigger the frustrated man into cracking the branch of the tree, startling the already intimidated housemaids around him. 
“Can’t you guys even take care of Mr. Sebastian? If you guys can’t reach Dr. West, just get in touch with Old Mr. Jadeson! He’s going to decide on the next best course of action!” 
“O-Oh! Old Mr. Jadeson!”
The housemaids finally returned to their senses and thought of getting in touch with Jonathan as instructed. 
It was then Sebastian started emanating an intimidating presence. He yelled, “Does it look like I’m about to die or something? Just stay away from me and get out of my sight!” 
The housemaids knew it was time for them to leave Sebastian alone. Thus, they sprinted in different directions and returned to their respective positions. 
On the other hand, the man continued taking things out on the tree, crushing the tree branches in an attempt to stop himself from getting worked up. 
Standing in the middle of nowhere, the man seemed as if he had been possessed by some sort of evil spirit. 
On the other hand, Karl, who had been keeping Vivian company at Sasha’s apartment, wasn’t particularly anxious since he was aware of Sasha’s schedule. 
“Vivian, are you hungry? If you’re hungry, I’ll head out and get you something to eat!” 
The obedient little girl was in the middle of a virtual lesson with her teacher. When she heard Karl, she nodded and said, “Okay!” 
They were required to attend school on a daily basis ever since they moved to Miralaea. Although Vivian was abroad, her teacher insisted on guiding her through several online lessons throughout the day. 
A few minutes later, Karl brought himself downstairs to get Vivian something to eat since the little girl was still in the middle of a class. 
The buzzing phone in the living room took the little girl by surprise and distracted her when she was in the middle of a lesson.
She put everything aside when the thought of her mother calling crossed her mind. 
Subsequently, she walked in the direction of the phone with her eyes gleaming in excitement. 
Once she picked it up, she asked, “Hello? Who is this?” 
The man on the other end paused for a few seconds when he heard the little girl’s mellifluous voice. It took him a few seconds to snap out of confusion. He asked, “Where’s your mother?” 
The little girl was thrilled when she found out her father was on the other end of the call. “Da—U-Uncle Sebastian! Why have you called? Are you missing me?” 
It had been quite a few days since she last met him in person. Thus, she could barely suppress the urge to meet him. 
Sebastian, who was engulfed by wrath, couldn’t bring himself to take things out on a little girl. He asked, “W-What are you doing? I-Is your mother home?” 
“Mommy?” Vivian repeated his father’s question and recalled her mother warning her not to tell others she was away to visit her brothers. 
She thought her mother might not want her father to figure out her current whereabouts. Subsequently, she made something up and said, “She’s currently working! What about you? Where are you, Uncle Sebastian?” 
“She’s working?” Sebastian repeated after the little girl, “Is your mother currently working?” 
###Chapter 755
Chapter 755
He could no longer suppress his wrath when he found out Sasha’s new job was the reason she was absent over the past two days. 
Vivian couldn’t read the mood and failed to notice that her father on the other end of the call was enraged. She announced with her chest held high, “Yes! She’s currently working while I’m trying to finish my homework at home!” 
Sebastian was dumbfounded and thought of something else that would require his attention. He asked, “A-Are you currently home alone?” 
“Yes!” 
He got increasingly frustrated when he thought something bad might happen to the little girl. 
Gritting his teeth, he asked in a final attempt to ensure he hadn’t been hearing things, “Has your mother left you home without others’ supervision and made her way out for work?” 
Vivian was at a loss for words when she heard her father raising his volume against her. 
What’s wrong with Daddy? I’m not really home alone since Mr. Frost is around to keep me company, but I’m not allowed to tell Daddy the truth! 
Sebastian couldn’t take it anymore. He urged, “I’ll be there in a short while! Just stay put until I’m there!” 
He hung up the call, leaving the confused Vivian alone.
Half an hour later, when Karl returned with Vivian’s favorite food, he noticed the presence of a Maybach in front of the entrance to their apartment. 
“Mr. Sebastian, we have reached the destination.” 
“Hurry up and help me out!” 
When Karl caught a glimpse of the man being wheeled into the apartment, he thought he had been seeing things. 
What the heck? What’s Mr. Hayes doing here? 
His heart skipped a beat, but when he was about to rush in the direction of Sebastian, he brought himself to a halt as he wasn’t supposed to expose himself just yet. 
In the end, he ended up waiting in the street opposite the car for about ten minutes. A short while later, the man returned with a little girl in his arms. 
V-Vivian? 
Karl gasped in fear, but the little girl was on cloud nine. 
“Uncle Sebastian, are you really taking me to your place? I won’t cause you any trouble if you’re really taking me to your place! I’ll be mindful of my behaviors and take good care of myself!” 
The little girl snuggled against the man in his arms and looked at him with her pair of glistering eyes. 
As a result of the little girl’s aggrieved look, Sebastian was overwhelmed by a sense of melancholia, but he couldn’t be sure of the reason behind it. 
He thought it might have something to do with the little girl’s overly independent nature when someone of her age was supposed to be having all the fun in the world.
As heartbroken as he might be, he felt a sense of guilt and assured the little girl, caressing her head with a gentle smile, “You don’t have to worry about causing me any trouble. I’ll definitely take good care of you.” 
Vivian was thrilled and it was written all over her chubby little face. She wrapped her chubby arms around her father’s neck, indicating she wouldn’t let go of him when she could finally make her way to her father’s place. 
It was already evening by the time Sasha returned to Jadeborough. 
She couldn’t stand leaving her daughter and her husband for such a long time. Thus, she hailed a cab the moment she walked out of the arrival hall. 
“Sir, can you take me to the central business district?” 
“Sure!” Shortly after he took note of her destination, the driver accelerated the cab and departed. 
Meanwhile, Sasha made a call the moment she retrieved her phone and switched it on. 
“Hello? Karl, I’m back! Is everything fine?” 
As soon as Karl picked up the phone, he gasped out the bad news awaiting them, “Oh, God! Mrs. Hayes, you’re finally back! Mr. Hayes has just shown up and took Vivian away with him!” 
W-What? Why has he shown up at the apartment to bring Vivian away with him? 
Colors drained from Sasha’s face. Grasping the phone, she asked, “Why has he shown up to bring Vivian away with him? What’s going on? How has he figured out the address of our current apartment? Has he seen you?”
She bombarded the man on the other end of the phone with a series of questions since she had to ensure Sebastian had not come in touch with Karl. 
Karl assured Sasha when he heard her questions, “You need to calm down, Mrs. Hayes! He hasn’t seen me, but I’m afraid you need to make a trip to Oceanic Estate to check on Vivian!” 
“Alright, I’ll make my way there at once!” 
Shortly after she hung up the car, she urged the driver to hurry up as she was in a hurry. 
Why on earth has he shown up to take Vivian away with him? Is he or is he not aware she’s our daughter? If he takes her away with him, is he going to put her life at stake? Urgh! This is killing me! 
Little did she know her daughter’s disappearance wasn’t the only thing awaiting her. 
When Sasha found out they were in the middle of a highway, she asked, “Mister, where are you going? This isn’t the route to the central business district!” 
Once she found out they were on a completely different route to the other direction, she repeated herself, “Mister?” 
The driver finally answered Sasha, “I think I have turned at the wrong junction! I’m so sorry, Miss! It’s going to take quite some time to reach your destination!” 
###Chapter 756
Chapter 756
Sasha felt a sense of relief after hearing that. However, her past experiences told her to keep her guard up; so, she kept her eyes ahead. 
On top of that, she deliberately turned on the navigation system on her phone, and the voice rang out. 
You are off course. Please make a U-turn in about twenty kilometers. 
Twenty kilometers? 
Sasha’s face changed, but there was nothing she could do now that the driver had taken the wrong route. 
She waited for the car to turn around. 
However, as they got nearer to the turnoff, her heart sank when she saw that the driver did not seem to slow down the car. With that, Sasha had a bad feeling. 
“What are you doing? Why aren’t you switching lanes? You have to go that way.” 
There was no response from the driver. 
In fact, he stepped even harder on the accelerator. 
Sasha was shocked. 
Her survival instinct kicked in. From the back of the driver’s seat, she hooked her arm around his neck.
“What exactly are you trying to do? Let me tell you something. I have escaped death many times. A piece of sh*t like you isn’t going to scare me. We can either live or die together!” 
Sasha flared up, and her eyes turned red instantly. 
The driver did not expect her to be that strong and started to panic. 
“No, no. Please let me go. I will make the turn off now!” 
With that, he drove off in the direction of the exit. 
A few minutes later, Sasha jumped out of the car. She was trembling so badly and took a long time before she calmed herself down. 
At the end of the day, she was just an ordinary woman. 
Whatever happened earlier on was a moment of courage and experience. 
Sasha was about to take out her phone and call Karl to pick her up. 
Where’s my phone? 
Her heart sank when she realized what had happened. 
During the scuffle with the driver just now, she must have left it in the car by accident. 
What should I do now? 
There was no way she could continue to stay there. She had no idea who that driver was. It was obvious that he wanted to harm her, and since he failed the first time, there was no guarantee that he would not return and try again.
Sasha was in total panic mode and did not want to stay at the same spot any longer. She walked along the road in the hope of finding a shop that might let her use the phone. 
Meanwhile, Karl, who was in Jadeborough, had thought that she had gone directly to Oceanic Estate and was completely clueless about what had happened. 
…… 
In the meantime, Vivian’s sudden appearance at Oceanic Estate had livened things up. Everyone spent the entire afternoon playing with her. 
“Vivi, do you know how to dance?” 
“No. I’m too fat. My teacher says I can’t fit into the dance costume. Once I lose weight, I will learn to dance.” 
Everyone laughed out loud at her innocent words. 
Where does this sweetie come from? She is so adorable. 
The more everyone interacted with her, the more they adored her. 
That included Sebastian as well. When he heard the laughter, he turned and saw her cute face. 
A smile appeared on his face as well. 
“Mr. Hayes, we managed to get through to Dr. West. But, strangely, she canceled the call immediately after picking up,” said a bodyguard. 
Immediately, Sebastian’s face darkened. 
“How dare she cancel the call!” He sounded terrifying the very next second.
His bodyguard dared not say a single word. 
Just as Sebastian was about to walk out of the living room, the cries of a child could be heard coming from outside. 
“Ah… Mommy, I want Mommy.” 
Following the sudden burst of crying, a small figure could be seen walking past Sebastian. She came in from the garden and walked toward the door. 
“Vivi, where are you going?” 
“Mommy… It’s dark. Mommy isn’t back yet. I want to go and look for her.” 
Her chubby face was full of tears and even snot was bubbling out of her nose. 
Sebastian looked perplexed at the sight of her. 
“You don’t even know where your mom is. How are you going to find her?” 
“No, I know. Mommy said she has gone to the next county. The one with the huge river. She will take the ferry and be back by afternoon.” 
Nobody expected this little girl to mention that location. 
Sebastian was dumbfounded. 
Before he could respond, one of the local people blurted out, “Is she talking about Crane Valley? Oh my gosh, why would Dr. West go there?” 
###Chapter 757
Chapter 757
“Is it really Crane Valley? Jasmin, are you sure?” 
“Yes. Didn’t Vivi mention that it’s a nearby county with a huge river? It must be Crane Valley. It’s about thirty or forty kilometers away from here. I’m very sure about it.” 
The housemaid gave an affirmative answer again. 
Everyone in the living room started to worry. At the same time, they did not understand why Dr. West would run to an isolated place like Crane Valley instead of staying at Oceanic Estate. 
“Is it because Mr. Sebastian chased her out?” 
“Yes, I think so. Anybody who got chased out by the Jadesons would never find a job for sure.” 
The last statement was heartbreaking. 
Vivian witnessed their conversation, and tears started flowing down her face again. “Mommy, mommy…” 
There was a hint of coldness on his solemn face before he reached out and carried her. 
“Go and find out where her mom is.” 
“Yes, Mr. Sebastian.” 
His bodyguards immediately got to work. 
Vivian finally stopped crying when she heard that. She sat on her daddy’s lap and sniffed pitifully.
In actual fact, when her daddy was not looking, she touched the butterfly hairpin on her hair. 
Ten minutes later, the bodyguards returned. 
“Mr. Sebastian, we found out that Dr. West is indeed in Crane Valley. It seems that she has been thrown out of a car along the highway, and she is now walking toward Crane Valley county.” 
A few seconds of silence passed. 
This woman is so stupid! 
In the end, Sebastian took some men with him to Crane Valley while Vivian stayed behind in Oceanic Estate. 
“Vivi, well done!” 
Once their daddy and the rest of the adults were gone, the three siblings started to communicate via the communicator in Vivian’s hairpin. 
Hearing her brothers’ praises, Vivian was thrilled. 
“It’s nothing. It’s something I should do. By the way, how did the both of you find out where Mommy is? I thought Mommy is supposed to come back from the airport?” 
“Hmph! Some bad people are out to hurt Mommy!” exclaimed Ian and Matt. 
The twins could see from their screen that their mother had deviated from the usual route. 
What? 
Someone is out to hurt Mommy? 
Vivian got scared when she heard that.
“Who can that be? Why would they want to hurt Mommy?” 
“We aren’t sure. We just have to be careful. You must find a way to be with Mommy at all times so that we can keep an eye on her and help her. Understand?” 
Matteo reminded Vivian again. 
Vivian agreed without further question. 
However, after she finished the conversation with her brothers, she turned around and saw a housemaid looking at her in a spooky manner. Her stare resembled that of an evil witch. 
It scared the hell out of Vivian. 
“Mommy,” she called out. 
Vivian was so spooked that she jumped off from the swing and ran into the house. 
Meanwhile in Crane Valley, Sasha had been walking for the past two hours, and the last person she expected to see showed up in front of her. 
“Seb-, Mr. Hayes.” 
Seeing him in the car, she could not control herself any longer, and she broke down. 
Sebastian looked at her. 
He had initially wanted to give her a good scolding. 
However, when he saw her pathetic state and tears, he could not bring himself to say those things. 
“Get in!” he said coldly and then turned his eyes away.
Sasha could not be bothered with his attitude anymore. 
The fact that he had come all the way to look for her was already more than enough for her. 
She got into the car happily, and all the way, she kept her eyes on him. 
“Stop looking at me this way. The only reason I come and fetch you is so that your daughter doesn’t become an orphan.” 
Sasha was stumped. 
What’s wrong with him? Why is he always so mean? 
Doesn’t he know she is also his daughter? 
Sasha looked down and said, “I understand. Thank you, Mr. Hayes.” 
Hmph! 
He ignored her and turned to look out the window. 
Since he did not want to be bothered with her, she decided not to say anymore. Instead, she leaned back on the seat. 
She was truly exhausted. 
During the two hours of walking, she refused to rest or hitchhike. She did not want to jump out of the pan into the fire. 
As soon as she relaxed in the car, that was when she felt weak and exhausted. 
Soon, Sasha fell asleep.
Not long after, she heard the vibration of a phone. 
“Hello?” 
“Mr. Hayes, the doctor that you have requested earlier today has been arranged. Will you be coming in tomorrow?” 
###Chapter 758
Chapter 758
The sweet and melodious voice of a woman echoed from the phone. The mic was off, but they were in a luxurious car with amazing features that shielded them from the rest of the world. 
Hence, the lady’s voice could still be heard. 
Sasha immediately lost any desire to sleep. She paid attention and eavesdropped. 
“Got it. I’ll update you on this matter tomorrow,” replied Sebastian. 
To Sasha’s surprise, she heard how the guy never rejected the girl. 
Sasha’s heart dropped. The joy she felt earlier dissipated instantly. 
He didn’t reject her advances? Does that mean he’s actually replacing me? There no changes to his stance over the past two days? Or did he go to another doctor without me knowing? 
Sasha was devastated, but she didn’t show it. She kept her eyes closed and from a distance, she looked like she was sound asleep. 
At ten o’clock that night. 
The luxurious car finally made it to Oceanic Estate, and Sasha sensed the car stopping, so she opened her eyes right away. 
“Are we there?” 
“Yeah. Dr. West, please take Mr. Hayes into the house while I park the car.”
“Okay.” 
Sasha quickly got out of the car and grabbed the wheelchair over. 
By then, the Oceanic Estate had become quiet, and the kid was already asleep. 
When Sasha pushed Sebastian into the house, the housemaids saw her and greeted her warmly. They even showed concern toward her. 
That got Sasha to grin and thank them. 
After that, she tilted her head to the man sitting in the wheelchair and informed, “I’ll go take care of my kid now, Mr. Hayes.” 
Sebastian didn’t reply. 
He showed no emotions when he got himself into the elevator. His gaze remained distant, and it was as if he didn’t hear a word she said. In fact, he disregarded her so much that he didn’t even look at her. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She couldn’t help feeling disappointed. She slumped her shoulders and head down before turning around to go to the sofa and get the kids. 
“Macy West, did you even have a plan on your life and career?” 
That sudden question was from the man who had just entered the elevator. His tone suggested that he had been angry with her for a while but had been holding it in the entire time. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Plan? What does he mean?
She turned around and stood in front of the guy before asking, “Mr. Hayes, what do you mean?” 
“You went to work and left a kid all alone at home! Aren’t you worried about something happening to her? She’s just a young kid. Don’t you think it’s mean of you to leave her there and fend for herself?” 
As Sebastian spoke, he pointed at Vivian who was resting on the sofa. 
Surprisingly, he wasn’t hiding his true feelings at that moment. 
There was anger, disappointment, and… pain. 
That was the most intense change Sasha had seen in him since everything started. 
She was stunned. 
Wait, so that’s why he went to pick me up but refused to acknowledge or interact with me? Is this also why he didn’t turn the new doctor away? He’s upset because he thinks that I would neglect my kid for my job? 
That idiot… 
Sasha turned around and giggled so much that she teared up a little. 
“Are you seriously laughing right now?” 
“N-no, I’m just glad that you are such a kind person, Mr. Hayes. You seem cold and distant, but underneath it all, you have a kind and caring soul.” 
Sebastian was speechless. 
What the f*ck?
Sebastian was so angry that the vein on his head was pumping. He wanted to continue reprimanding her, but she spoke up before he could. She asked, “How about I just move in with the kid, Mr. Hayes? That way, I can do my job as your doctor and fulfill my duty as a mother. Will that be okay?” 
Once again, Sebastian was speechless. 
It took him over ten seconds before he found the right words. He sat there and spat through his teeth, “Don’t you push your luck, woman!” 
At the same time in Red Pavilion. 
Jasmine received the news about how the mission had failed, and that got her so infuriated that she smashed a glass onto the floor. 
“You useless trash!” 
No one replied. 
Kira was too afraid to say anything. 
That being said, her reaction was the complete opposite of Jasmine’s. Kira was relieved to hear that news, and she wasn’t as scared or nervous anymore. 
“What is with that look on your face? Are you that happy that I failed?” 
Jasmine realized that her niece was secretly happy, so the former became even angrier. She picked up another glass and was about to toss it over. 
Kira saw that and was so afraid that she quickly put her hands over her head to shield herself. “Ah, please don’t!”
“Mom, what are you doing?” 
Devin came home at that crucial moment and saw what was going on. He rushed over immediately to stop his mom. 
That got Jasmine to stop. 
Kira, on the other hand, tilted her gaze up and stared at her cousin with watery eyes. “Devin…” said Kira. 
She looked utterly pitiful at that moment. It didn’t matter where Kira was or whose family she was with. She was always at the bottom of the food chain and was always at others’ mercy. 
Devin frowned and helped her up. 
“Leave for now. I need to talk to my mom,” instructed Devin to get her out of there. 
Kira’s watery eyes and her gaze never shifted from Devin even after she left the room. She kept staring at him until the door was closed. 
Only then did she avert her gaze reluctantly and wait by the door. 
She was waiting for him… 
###Chapter 759
Chapter 759
That was the secret that no one ever knew about. 
Kira was beautiful and was connected to the Jadesons, so many rich families actually favored having her as their daughter-in-law. 
What no one knew, however, was that she was already in love with someone else. 
The man she loved could never be exposed because he would never be accepted. 
Kira stood outside the room, but she could still hear the conversation. 
Devin, who had always been patient, was growling angrily, “Mom, what the hell are you doing? She’s not a kid anymore. How can you hit her like this?” 
“What’s wrong? Am I not allowed to discipline her?” 
“You’re not her mom. You’re just an aunt. Yet, you are hurting her for no reason at all. I don’t even know if my uncles will be mad upon learning this,” informed Devin with a terrible expression. His tone was harsh as well. 
Jasmine was even angrier after hearing how her own son was reprimanding her. She dissed, “Oh, like they’d have any ground to get angry? If it hadn’t been for me, none of them would be living a life that prestigious. So what if I lay a hand on one of their children? They still won’t dare to speak up to me!” 
“Mom!” 
Devin was so angry with his mom that he was going insane.
How can she possibly be so unreasonable? Kira is a person, not an item! Besides, doesn’t she have an obligation to help her own family out? Why is she behaving like she is a merciful goddess just because she is doing something she is supposed to do, anyway? 
Devin was so disappointed that words couldn’t describe his feelings. He was too tired to keep arguing with his mom, though. 
“I don’t want to argue with you. The bottom line is this. If I see something like this happening again, I will leave this house and never set foot in here again,” warned Devin strictly. 
After that, he stepped forward and left. 
Jasmine was so angry that her entire body was trembling. She shouted, “You little punk. How dare you threaten your own mother? Is that it? You’re all strong now, so you’re rebelling?” 
Bang! 
Kira, who had been waiting outside, heard that loud noise. That got her entire body to tremble, and she turned even paler. 
My aunt had never seen me as family. 
Kira grinned bitterly. 
Devin exited the room and saw that Kira was still there. He was taken aback and blurted, “Oh, you’re still here.” 
Kira had her gaze down and nodded. 
Devin didn’t know how to respond to that.
He saw how pitiful she looked, but he couldn’t find the right words to say. Hence, he ended up being quiet for a moment before suggesting, “Let’s go. I’ll send you home.” 
Kira’s eyes turned watery as tears of appreciation gathered in them. She nodded. 
Late at night, the city’s noise and activities were replaced with silence and solemnity. The streetlights illuminated the roads and got the trees to cast their shadows on the ground. Every once in a while, a few random lonely figures would show up at the side of the road and make the place seem even lonelier. 
Kira sat in the car, but no one knew what she was thinking. 
“You should stop dropping by,” advised Devin, who frowned and tried to break the silence when he noticed that she hadn’t spoken in a while. 
Huh? 
Hearing those words prompted Kira, who had been keeping quiet, to turn to him. 
“Why? D-do you not like having me around your place?” asked Kira as her eyes glowed with a hint of agonizing sorrow. 
Devin shook his head and replied, “No, that’s not it. I just don’t want my mom to hurt you. You saw how she is nowadays. She’s getting more and more unreasonable, so you should stay away to prevent yourself from getting hurt.” 
Relief washed over Kira. 
She looked at the road ahead and smiled before replying, “It’s fine, Devin. She’s my aunt, and she’s only punishing me because I did something wrong. You don’t have to worry about me.” 
How did she end up being the one trying to make me feel better? thought Devin.
He was at a loss for words at that moment. 
He was actually telling her to stay away for her sake, but she had always rejected his kind advice whenever he gave them. I honestly don’t know why she’s being so stubborn and stupid. 
Devin stopped talking about the matter in the end. 
Thirty minutes later, they finally reached Kira’s home, the Woods Residence. 
“Thank you for driving me over.” 
“You’re welcome. Go on, then,” said Devin before he nodded and opened the door for her. 
Kira didn’t speak. 
She seemed to be struggling for quite some time. When she got out of the car, she finally mustered enough courage to turn to Devin and ask, “My birthday’s next Wednesday. Will you come to my party?” 
“Huh?” blurted Devin, who had been looking at his phone, “It’s your birthday already? That’s fast.” 
A hint of disappointment flashed in Kira’s eyes. 
“Yeah, so will you be there? I booked a suite in the Litt Hotel and invited some friends over to celebrate. No parents though,” replied Kira, who was still holding out for some hope. 
“Okay.” 
The last sentence might be the factor that got Devin to agree to attend that party. 
If he was being honest, he’d say that he truly disliked having the elderlies around.
Kira was delighted once more. She hopped out of the car with a bright smile on. She kept staring even after the car had turned a corner and disappeared into the night. 
Her wish had always been that simple. 
The next day. 
Sasha actually took Vivian to the Oceanic Estate early in the morning. 
Moreover, to prevent the guy from chasing the two of them out again, she returned the rented apartment to its owner and moved out. 
Yep, sometimes it is necessary to do the extreme. 
“Dr. West, what got you here so early?” 
“Mr. Hayes promised to let me stay here, so I took my kid over this morning. Can you open the door for me?” 
###Chapter 760
Chapter 760
Sasha was holding her daughter’s hand while dragging a huge luggage bag along. It was obvious that she was not going to give the security guard the chance to turn her away. 
The security guard was exasperated when he saw her stance. 
He opened the door for the two of them. Vivian ran around like a cheery bird as soon as she was set free. She jogged toward the mansion. 
“Hello, where are my pretty playmates? Your precious little Vivi is here. Come play with me.” 
Her crisp baby voice was as lively as the chirps of the birds, and it echoed all around. 
The housemaids in Oceanic Estate had already taken a liking to Vivian, so they rushed out to welcome the cute little girl. 
“Come quick, our cute Vivian is here like she promised.” 
“Ah, you’re right. Carry her over.” 
“Hey, no way! She is the precious little baby of we gardeners. Jasmin, go take her to the garden. Quick!” 
“Uh, no! She’s supposed to be here in the kitchen. Don’t you steal her from me.” 
“No, she’s mine!” 
It only took a few seconds for the little kid to be everybody’s favorite. 
Oceanic Estate had never been that lively in the morning before.
Sasha found that to be hilarious. 
She was glad that her daughter was that popular though because she could ignore the latter and drag their luggage to the living room immediately. 
“Morning, Olivia.” 
“Good morning, Dr. West. You are here.” 
The middle-aged housemaid, who was cleaning the living room, smiled warmly as soon as she saw Sasha there. 
Sasha nodded and replied, “Thanks. By the way, where is Mr. Hayes? Is he up yet?” 
“No, not yet. He usually sleeps in, and we’re too afraid to wake him up,” answered Olivia as she stared fearfully at the bedroom up the stairs. She chuckled awkwardly after that. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Does he sleep in? No way! He has always been the first one to wake up in the morning, and back in Avenport, he would already be at the office by the time I wake up. 
Sasha dragged her luggage into the elevator and went straight to the room she slept in the night before. 
“Huh? W-why isn’t anyone staying here?” 
Sasha was stunned, and she stared at the empty room. 
A housemaid happened to be cleaning in the region and walked past the place. She saw Sasha there, so she smiled and explained, “Mr. Hayes is no longer staying in that room, Dr. West. He moved to the third floor.”
“Huh?” 
Sasha was surprised once more. 
It took her a while before she came around and rushed over to the room on the third floor. 
Why the hell did that guy change to a different room? Did he move out of it because he thought that I dirtied the place up? 
Sasha felt like her heart was being stabbed. 
On the third floor. Loneliness and solemnity filled the air. It felt as if the entire floor was abandoned, and with no one there, it was terrifyingly lonely. 
That idiot… 
Sasha sighed before she went straight to the room in front of her. 
“Mr. Hayes? It’s Macy. Are you up?” asked Sasha. She wasn’t bothered about anything and was quick to knock on the door right away. 
There were housemaids peeping from the second floor. Their jaws dropped upon seeing what she did. 
Wow! Dr. West is so cool. She actually knocked on Mr. Hayes’ bedroom door before he wakes up. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
Sasha waited for a minute or so, but she couldn’t hear anything from the other side of the door, so she knocked again. 
“Mr. Hayes, we have to start treatment today, and one of the procedures must be done before eight o’clock in the morning. If you’re up, Mr. Hayes, please open the door.”
No one spoke, but… 
Slam! 
When Sasha finished saying those words, she heard the sound of something slamming onto the nightstand. 
Sasha smiled. 
She stopped knocking. Instead, she stood relaxed at the side of the door and tilted her head to the side to enjoy the view. 
The sun was rising and had brightened the entire place. It’s nice out today. 
Click! 
She waited for about a full minute before she heard the click. The man inside the room finally opened the door. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re up!” commented Sasha, who immediately put on a surprised expression as she turned around to look at the man who had just exited the room. 
Yep, the guy in question was none other than Sebastian. 
However, he looked extremely grouchy. 
He was all-dressed and looked refreshing. That meant that he had been up for quite some time. Still, he had a grouchy expression on. 
“Who allowed you to come to the third floor?” 
“Huh?”
Sasha put on a surprised and confused expression before she said, “I let myself in, Mr. Hayes. I am your doctor, so I am responsible for your well-being. Will you head over to the treatment room with me later?” 
She had a straight face on when she looked at him. 
She wasn’t actually lying because his treatment needed to begin in the morning. Moreover, it was a very important procedure. 
To her surprise, the guy’s lips parted, and he uttered a single word after hearing what she said. “Leave!” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Okay, so I pissed him off… again. 
She took a deep breath and decided to be the bigger man. Then, she informed, “I can leave right now, but Mr. Hayes, I will be here every ten minutes and will annoy you until you do as I said.” 
After saying her piece, Sasha grinned, turned around, and walked away. 
###Chapter 761
Chapter 761
Sebastian was speechless. 
There was a moment when he gritted his teeth so much that he could actually hear it. He was tempted to kick her out again. 
I must be out of my mind. Why else would I agree to let her come back? 
Sebastian closed the door with a loud bang! Then, he hopped to the desk where a notebook was sitting. He shoved that notebook back into his drawer. 
The notebook contained a lot of data and statistics, with some sketches and some chemical formulas. He had been working on it for a while, and he had just finished drawing that last image that morning. 
As warned, Sasha actually showed up every ten minutes. 
“Mr…” 
Bang! 
The door opened once more and was slammed shut after a loud bang. Sebastian was so aggressive that the entire door shook a little. 
All Sasha could do was swallow hard and chuckle awkwardly before saying, “So, Mr. Hayes, are you ready? Let’s go.” 
She was smiling sweetly like a lap dog because his expression at the time was so scary that she thought he might actually skin her alive.
Perhaps she truly was too annoying, but the guy ended up getting in his wheelchair and letting her take him to the treatment room. 
A few minutes later, the housemaids in the Oceanic Estate saw how the both of them went to the ground floor. That got the housemaids to admire Sasha’s courage and stare at her like she was a goddess. 
Sasha pushed her patient into the treatment room, which she had set up some time ago. 
“We’ll be scanning your brainwaves today, Mr. Hayes. Will that be okay?” 
The treatment room was perfect with all sorts of medical equipment and machinery there. Jonathan had Grayson deliver everything over when the latter discharged Sebastian. 
Sebastian went to lie down on the bed without putting up a protest. 
This is truly strange. He was infuriated when we were outside his room and lost his temper with me. I wonder why he’s not fighting me now that we’re here. 
Despite her thoughts, Sasha was delighted to see Sebastian behaving. 
She put on her white coat and attached a device to his head. After that, she bent down and placed her finger within his line of sight. 
“Mr. Hayes, please look at my finger.” 
Sebastian didn’t reply. 
His sharp, distant gaze focused on her finger as she requested. 
Sasha held her breath and secretly pushed the button on the stopwatch she had with her. 
Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock…
The rhythmic sound echoed softly like it was coming from a quiet and distant forest. 
Sebastian closed his eyes slowly. 
Sasha saw that and was elevated immediately. She turned around right away and checked the screen attached to the scanner. 
Sebastian’s brainwaves initially showed little activity, but they showed signs of change after he was hypnotized. It was as if a gentle breeze was blowing, and his brain waves were reacting to that breeze. 
It’s working! 
Sasha was so excited that she almost jumped. She dialed a number right away. “Professor Gervais, it worked!” shared Sasha, “His brain is reacting to it.” 
“Of course it worked. With my method and the scanner affecting his brain, it is easy to get him under. What you’ll want to do now is to whisper the things you want him to recall. Remember that you have just mastered this skill, so it is crucial that you stop as soon as there is any sign of distress,” replied the guy from the other end of the line who had a strong Jetroinian accent. He was careful and reminded her to be wary, even as he taught her what to do. 
Sasha agreed right away. 
She hung up after that and turned her attention to the man who she had just hypnotized. 
What do I him to remember? 
There is so, so much. 
She wanted him to remember who he was and the incredible life he had. She also wanted him to recall everything that happened between them and their kids.
Yet, when she saw how he was sleeping like that, her tears rolled down her eyes. All she managed to say was, “Please come home to me, Sebby. I need you.” 
After that, she brushed her lips against his. 
The screen showed that Sebastian’s brainwaves were moving exponentially. 
It was as if something had hit him hard, and the huge waves on the screen were getting out of rhythm. Everything was changing. 
I hear something. Who is the woman calling out to me? And who kissed me? It feels… so familiar. 
Sebastian struggled in the darkness like he was a paper plane that was trying to stay in the air. He was eager to take a closer look at that familiar figure, but he wasn’t fast enough to catch up to her. 
Crimson red liquid suddenly dripped onto his head. 
“Sebby, you must survive and live well, okay? Live well, my love, and survive. You have to survive….” 
Sasha was stunned. 
She was terrified when she saw how the guy was struggling on the bed despite being asleep. The agony he showed on his face was intense, and it shook Sasha so much that she hurried over and pulled the scanner’s plug. 
“Mr. Hayes, wake up. Sebastian, get up. Wake up now!” 
Unfortunately, Sebastian remained unconscious. 
His mind had fallen to the deepest pit, and his struggles were getting more intense.
He was pale, and sweat was donning his forehead. The noise his throat made somehow sounded like the roar of a trapped monster, and he looked downright terrifying. 
###Chapter 762
Chapter 762
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She was so terrified that she ignored all protocols and grabbed his hand, put it by her lips, and bit him mercilessly. 
“Ah!” 
The pain finally broke through to the guy, and he slowed down, then stopped struggling. 
Seeing that got Sasha to sigh a breath of relief. 
Unfortunately, that didn’t last long. She hadn’t even let his hand go before the recently conscious guy flung his eyes open and slapped her right away. 
Slap! 
A crisp sound came running. 
Sasha was slapped so hard that her head flung the other way, and her vision was black for a while. 
He freaking slapped me? What the hell? 
Sasha’s mind stopped working. She sat there and was motionless for a long, long time. 
Sebastian, on the other hand, fell back down after slapping her. He seemed exhausted, and he was paper pale. He was also sweating so much that it was like he had just gone for a swim. 
“Leave!”
When Sebastian finally spoke, he spat that one word through his gritted teeth. 
Sasha didn’t reply to him. 
Her blood tasted metallic, but she licked it off the edge of her lips as she used her hand to readjust her jaw a little. It took her some time, but she slowly got it back into position. 
“I will not leave. If you’re angry, then you may continue hurting me. I’m okay with it so long as it makes you feel better.” 
Seriously? She doesn’t even mind? 
Sebastian’s eyes instantly glowed with murderous intent so strong that they turned bloodshot. He sat up and, like a monster that had completely lost its mind, he reached out and dragged Sasha over. 
“You do realize I can kill you, don’t you?” 
“But you won’t. Sebastian Hayes, revenge and hatred aren’t the only things in your mind. You saw it yourself. You have desires and love too. My hypnosis wasn’t perfect, and it wasn’t really a success, but I made you look into your heart, didn’t I? I showed you something you never realized was in your heart. That is why you got mad, and why you hit me, am I right?” 
Sasha remained calm as she slowly removed the layers of fake anger Sebastian had on and got to the truth. 
She was right. That hypnosis session was not a success, but it wasn’t a total failure either. At the very least, she showed him that there was more than hatred in him. That was what got him angry at her. 
He must feel like I’ve disrupted his life goals and plans. 
Crack!
The anger in Sebastian’s eyes became more obvious because Sasha hit the bull’s eye. 
He tightened his grip. 
Sasha instantly felt an immense pressure on her throat. She could no longer breathe, and it only took a second for her lips to turn darkish purple. Her eyes were losing focus as well. 
“Y-you can kill me. That’s… fine, but I-I will… wake you up… so long as… I still have a breath… left in me. Sebastian, I… will take you home…” 
Sasha spoke in pieces despite the fact that her neck was about to break. 
She said… she’d take me home. 
Sebastian recalled how he heard someone asking him to come home when he was in that nightmare. He also remembered that soft and warm kiss on his lips. 
Who exactly is she? Why is she so adamant about saving me? And this isn’t even the first time she’s gone all out. She was like a lunatic and kept coming to my rescue… 
Sebastian finally loosened his grip. There was a moment when he lost all energy, and he fell back onto the bed. 
Cough! Cough! 
Sasha, on the other hand, fell to the floor right after she was released. She panted as she put her hand on her chest. 
At that moment, she looked like a fish that had just broken the fishing line and regained her freedom and life. 
Vivian hadn’t seen her mom in a while, so she decided to go look for the latter.
“Mommy, where are you?” 
She ran around in the enormous garden, but she never found her mom, even though her chubby legs had been running for a while. As a silver lining, however, she ran into an old man with a white beard. 
“Who are you, mister?” asked Vivian in her baby voice as she tilted her round, chubby head up. 
She’s asking me who I am? 
Jonathan was there with his team. When he turned his head down, he saw the little girl who was staring at him. 
“Who are you?” 
“Me? Oh, I’m cute Vivian. Mister, are you a housemaid as well? What happened? Why is your life so sad? Why are you working as a housemaid even though you’re so old?” 
Vivian couldn’t help but sigh sadly when she saw how the guy’s beard had all turned white. 
Jonathan was speechless. 
The team he brought with him couldn’t help it. What the chubby girl said prompted them to turn their heads and look to the side. Their shoulders shook from trying to suppress laughter. 
She is probably the only person in the world who would say that his life is sad. 
“I have no choice. Life gets in the way sometimes,” lied Jonathan. Everyone was surprised to hear how he entertained the kid after deliberating for a while. 
Their jaws dropped instantly.
Vivian was the only one who didn’t react that way. Hearing that response got her to tilt her tiny head and struggle for quite some time before she opened her backpack. 
“Okay, then let me give you some money.” 
“Huh? You’re giving me money?” 
“Yeah. I’ll let you in on a secret. My mommy gave me this money to buy candy, and I have been saving for so long. I’ll share half with you so that you don’t have to come work here anymore.” 
After saying her piece, the cute little girl shoved her chubby hand into her backpack and got a few coins out. 
###Chapter 763
Chapter 763
Coins… 
Jonathan couldn’t help twitching his eye a little. 
“Here, take it. It’s not much, but it’s all I have,” offered Vivian. Her soft hand held the coins and shoved them into the wrinkled palm of the old man. 
There was a moment when Jonathan stood there and suddenly felt like something had hit his heart. He had been a cold-hearted warrior his entire life, but at that moment, he was all warm and fuzzy. 
“Okay, thanks.” 
Jonathan ended up keeping the coins. 
Vivian ran off after she saw him doing that. Ah, I’m busy and have to go look for Mommy. 
However, she had just turned around when she saw her mom walking over while pushing her dad. 
“Mommy!” said Vivian as she ran toward Sasha. 
Sasha saw everything that was happening earlier. Her mind went blank when she saw how Vivian was talking to Jonathan. Uncontrollable fear rained down on her and threatened to drown her. 
“I am so sorry, Old Mr. Jadeson. This is my daughter. S-she didn’t bother you, did she?” 
Sasha picked Vivian up and quickly apologized to Jonathan, who was still holding the coins that Vivian had given him.
Sasha was truly worried. 
In a way, her daughter was the guy’s great-granddaughter, but Jonathan was tempted to kill Sebastian. Vivian is only six. Who knows what Jonathan would do if he learns that she is the daughter of his illegitimate grandson? 
He might not kill her, but he will definitely take her away… 
“Ah, so she’s your daughter. I was wondering what is a kid doing here in the Oceanic Estate,” said Jonathan after staring for a while. As suspected, his tone was cold and distant. 
Sasha instantly stiffened while holding her child. 
She was so scared that she didn’t even know how to respond to that. She also worried that Jonathan would fire her and ban her from the place just because she had a kid. 
“Why are you here again?” 
Sasha was still lost when someone asked that question icily. 
It was Sebastian. 
What the hell? He’s interrogating Jonathan and demanding to know why he is here? He even emphasized the word “again” to show how annoyed he is! 
As suspected, Jonathan got so angry that he shifted his attention to Sebastian. 
“The reason I’m here? Naturally, I came to train you! Boys, take him to the training field and get his arms and legs in shape!” 
“Yes, sir!”
One order was all it took to get Jonathan to send his team over to drag Sebastian to the training field. 
Sebastian’s expression instantly turned grouchy. 
Sasha, on the other hand, was worried sick upon hearing that. She quickly chimed in, “He hasn’t recovered yet, so it is not ideal for him to do any vigorous exercise. It will only delay his recovery.” 
She spoke endlessly and almost stepped up to physically stop them. 
The truth was that he honestly couldn’t go for any training. Sasha had just hypnotized Sebastian, and that session had worn him out. His physical state was not great either. 
Unfortunately, Jonathan didn’t care about it at all. 
“Haven’t recovered? Then why don’t you ask him what he had been doing over the past two days? He destroyed a few of my prize trees! And yet you have the audacity to tell me that he can’t handle vigorous exercise?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was stunned. 
That was when Jonathan waved his hand and Sebastian, who was still in his wheelchair, got taken away. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
What the hell is going on? 
…… 
When Devin reached the Oceanic Estate, he saw that Sebastian was already swaying.
The latter was paper pale and was sweating so much that he looked like he had just been rescued from under the sea. If Sasha hadn’t been fighting and making things hard for Jonathan’s team, it was likely that Sebastian would have more sandbags attached to his arms and legs. 
“Grandpa, what are you doing? He hasn’t recovered. Making him go through such harsh training will just make things worse for him.” 
Devin was worried and angry when he saw that. He rushed over to talk some sense into Jonathan, who was monitoring everything. 
This old man is not holding back at all! It has been three hours, but he is still monitoring the situation in person. 
“Oh, what do you know? That is just a bullet wound. If we were on the battlefield, he would already be out there and killing his enemy. He’s like a delicate flower right now, but trust me. Toughening him up is the only way to speed up his recovery.” 
This f*cking old man is too unreasonable. 
Sasha had run out of patience by then. She saw how there was someone there to help her, so she ignored how stupid her actions would be. She ran over and pulled Jonathan’s team away before rushing to Sebastian. 
“It’s fine. Mr. Devin is here, so you guys can let him go for now.” 
After saying her piece, she pushed away the men holding Sebastian in position and removed the sandbags attached to him. 
Sebastian fell as soon as those sandbags came undone.
“Mr. Hayes!” called out Sasha. She immediately reached out to catch him, but his heavyweight overwhelmed her and pinned her down. 
Bang! 
When Sasha landed, she heard a crisp and loud bang. 
However, she didn’t feel a thing. A second ago, the tall, muscular man was landing on her, but the next, she was lying safely in the sweaty guy’s arm. 
“S-Sebastian…” 
“I knew… I should’ve just killed you.” 
Sebastian finally spoke up. 
He was dripping in sweat and stuck to her as he panted weakly. Despite that, his words were clear and audible. 
###Chapter 764
Chapter 764
In the end, Sebastian fainted from exhaustion and was brought back into the house. 
Sasha followed along. 
“See that, Grandpa? I told you. Sebastian is not trained since young, so he is just a regular man. Moreover, when he was younger, Frederick sent him to Sumanthova to treat his illness. Asking him to go through harsh training when he grew up under those circumstances… That is just equivalent to killing him.” 
Devin saw how Sebastian was being carried away, so he started arguing with Jonathan again. 
To make matters worse, he got a chair over and sat right there to discourage his grandpa from insisting on making things hard for Sebastian. Devin would argue until nightfall if that was what it took. 
Jonathan glared over. 
“Why are you helping him like this? Aren’t you worried that he’d regain his memory and seek vengeance?” 
Devin didn’t speak. 
It was pindrop silence. 
One sentence was enough to sting the young man who was initially amped up to fight for his cousin. It also got him so stuck that he couldn’t say a word.
I am f*cking terrified. In fact, I was so scared that I didn’t even dare to visit him in Heron Hill when he first regained consciousness. 
Devin’s gaze seemed darker. It took him some time before he replied, “Then, so be it. I owe him all that, after all.” 
Jonathan became speechless. 
He stared at his eldest grandson as a complex feeling burned inside him. For a second there, he didn’t know what to say. 
A few minutes later, Jonathan left the Oceanic Estate. One of his men, Xavier, asked, “Sir, are you disappointed with what Mr. Devin said earlier?” 
Jonathan sighed and replied, “He is just too kind-hearted.” 
“Yeah, Mr. Devin had always been like that. What’s so bad about it?” 
“It’d be great if he is just an ordinary guy, but he is the heir of the Jadesons. He will get in trouble if he remains this kind-hearted in Jadeborough, where danger lurks both in the light and in the dark.” 
Jonathan didn’t hide his true feelings from his men. 
Devin truly is too kind. That is why I hesitated when I was choosing an heir. Unfortunately, there isn’t a better option, so I picked him. 
Xavier turned to Jonathan and hesitated for a moment before asking, “Then… what do you think about Mr. Sebastian who has just returned? His style and cruelty would make him a better heir…” 
No one spoke for a moment there. 
Jonathan eventually harrumphed and dissed, “That kid? Please… he still has a long way to go.”
Xavier didn’t reply to that. 
Jonathan’s words and tone made it sound like he was dissing Sebastian, but the pause had already revealed what Jonathan was really thinking. His younger grandson, who was several times more intelligent and merciless than Devin, was not as unloved as how Jonathan made him sound. 
He still has a long way to go… That means that Sebastian might still be the heir of the Jadesons if he recovers! 
Xavier secretly gasped. 
He suddenly felt like the sky above him was turning dark. It seemed that a storm was about to hit them… 
At Jade Court. 
Candice felt the danger looming as well. She was especially concerned when she heard how Jonathan took his men to Oceanic Estate to train Sebastian. 
“Jonathan won’t take his personal team over to train just anybody. He must have a reason for doing so, and that means he is trying to help that lunatic recover!” 
“W-what do we do?” 
Connor and the others were instantly disheartened when they heard that. 
The heir of the Jadesons… If Sebastian actually accomplishes that, our bloodline will most probably perish. He will kill all of us! 
Everyone in the Jade Court could feel the danger that would soon befall them.
“That useless Jasmine! I can’t believe that she failed to do something so simple. I guess we have no choice but to do the dirty work ourselves!” growled Candice before she sipped some tea. 
Connor chimed in and complained as hatred burned in his eyes. He said, “Exactly! That woman has always boasted to us, but she is useless when at such crucial moment.” 
“That is why we have to do it on our own.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“We should leak this information to Jasmine. That will get her more worried and encourage her to attack again. When that happens, all we have to do is help her from behind the scenes,” replied Candice as she held the cup and sipped her tea. A cruel grin crept up on her lips, and she looked so devious that she could get anyone to shiver. 
Connor understood what to do right away. 
Huh… killing him by conning Jasmine… that really is a genius plan. 
At the Oceanic Estate. 
Sasha was still in the bedroom on the third floor. Two hours had passed, but Sebastian was still lying unconscious on the bed. That torturous session had exhausted him. 
“Dr. West, how is he doing? It’s been a while. Has he woken up?” 
Devin hadn’t left either. He couldn’t help worrying when he noticed that Sebastian had been unconscious for that long. 
Sasha had a warm towel and was helping Sebastian by keeping him clean and comfortable. When she heard that question, she tilted her head up and replied, “It’s fine. He’s just exhausted and will come around once he regains his energy.”
She didn’t dare to tell Devin that she hypnotized Sebastian just before the training. That was understandable since she had no idea if Devin was friend or foe. 
###Chapter 765
Chapter 765
“I see. Well, that’s a relief,” replied Devin as he sighed a breath of relief. 
He checked his watch and saw that it was almost six o’clock, so he asked, “Do you need to go now? I can take over and care for him if you’d like. You can take the kid home. It’s late, after all.” 
“It’s fine. Mr. Hayes has allowed me to live here.” 
Devin was momentarily taken aback when he heard how she wasn’t leaving. 
He eventually came around and stared at how Sasha was sticking right by Sebastian. That got Devin to grin in exasperation. 
That makes sense. He’s her husband, and she has taken so much effort to come to him. Hence, there is no way she’d leave him. I have got to be an idiot to suggest that she head home. 
Devin turned around and left. 
He had just gotten to the ground floor when he saw a chubby little girl walking over. She climbed a little and tiptoed to reach the elevator’s button. It seemed she wanted to go look for her parents. 
Unfortunately, she was too short. She had already tiptoed, but she still couldn’t reach the button. 
This tiny little rascal… 
Devin happened to be walking out of the elevator and seeing that got him to chuckle. 
“Vivi, what are you doing?”
“Huh?” blurted the cute little girl. Her big round eyes looked at the adult who had just exited the elevator. 
“I’m going to the third floor to look for my mommy. Do you know where she is?” 
Her baby voice and chubby, round face made her look as beautiful as a doll when she stood there with the orange light engulfing her. 
Devin suddenly felt a sting in his heart. 
He knew the truth, so he was aware of whose kid the girl truly was. 
Unfortunately, her parents can’t be reunited just yet, and a six-year-old like her had to follow her mom everywhere… She even had to refer to her own father as Uncle Sebastian. She is too mature for her age. Devin couldn’t help but feel bad for Vivian. 
Devin got out of the elevator and picked the kid up. 
He informed, “Your mommy is taking care of your Uncle Sebastian, so let’s not bother them, okay? Let your Uncle Devin take you out and play with you.” 
“Huh?” 
The small girl stared at the man who was holding her. Suspicion and curiosity shone in her big, round eyes. 
He’s going to take me out and play with me? But… why is he being so nice to me? Also, why does he refer to himself as “my” Uncle Devin? Wouldn’t Uncle Devin suffice? 
Vivian was a little confused. 
“Don’t worry, I am not a bad person. I am your Uncle Sebastian’s cousin, so I won’t kidnap you,” replied Devin when he saw how the little girl was being wary. He couldn’t help finding that funny.
How is she so guarded when she is just a tiny thing? Unless… This actually proves that she has been living in an unstable and unsafe environment. That is why she is so careful. 
Devin’s heart broke once more. 
Fortunately, the little girl nodded and was relaxed after Devin explained himself. 
Devin left with the kid after that. He told the housemaids to let Sasha know that he had taken the girl out. 
However, Sasha was too distracted to pay attention to her daughter because Sebastian, who was still unconscious, suddenly developed a fever after Devin had left. 
What’s going on? Why is he burning up? 
Sasha got her stethoscope out and placed it near his heart. That was when she discovered that his lungs had been acting out of the norm for a while. 
How did this happen? Isn’t he just exhausted? Why are his lungs making that noise? 
Sasha’s expression took a sharp turn. Like a professional, she placed her fingers on his chest and examined him. 
As suspected, there was a minor tremble within, and it was obviously caused by straining too much. 
So that old man’s intense training had strained him too much and was beyond what his body could handle. Hell, it has gotten to the point where his lungs became vulnerable to infection! He developed a fever because the infection had taken hold of him. 
That freaking old fart! 
Sasha was so angry that she was on the verge of bursting.
She had no choice but to help him up quickly and take his shirt off to give him an acupuncture treatment. 
“W-what are you doing?” 
The man who was leaning on Sasha suddenly woke up at that crucial moment. He opened his eyes, and his unfocused gaze told him that he was leaning on her. He also realized that she had taken his clothes off, so he was asking weakly. 
Sasha turned to him and informed, “You have a fever, Mr. Hayes. Is your chest hurting right now?” 
Sebastian didn’t answer. 
Sweat was dripping out of his forehead, and it was difficult for him to speak. 
Hurting? It’s a f*cking lot more than that! I am in agonizing pain and every breath stings. 
“W-what happened to me?” 
“Your lungs are injured from overexerting yourself. Don’t worry. You’ll be fine. I’ll treat you right now and ease the pain. After that, all we need is to get you on a drip, and you’ll be just fine.” 
After saying her piece, Sasha stabbed a small needle on the acupuncture point on his back. 
A few minutes later, the immense pain in Sebastian’s chest finally eased up, and he was no longer hurting with each breath. He sighed in relief and swayed a little before he fell backward. 
“Mr. Hayes!” 
Sasha hadn’t taken the needles out yet, so she opened her arms and hugged him tight when she saw him falling backward like that. 
###Chapter 766
Chapter 766
No one spoke. 
She is so soft and smells so nice. 
Sebastian was still in a daze when he fell into Sasha’s embrace, but he was conscious. He smelled her pleasant scent and felt engulfed in love and joy once more. 
His gaze soon became tainted with lust. 
Sasha noticed how ambiguous things were as well. She was especially aware of how he was half-naked and how she was the one who took his shirt off earlier. That got her to blush in bright red. 
“M-Mr. Hayes, I am so sorry. I didn’t mean to do that.” 
Sasha suppressed her emotions and tried to get her thumping heart to calm down. She was quick but careful when she pushed the guy away. 
Sebastian finally returned to his bed. 
It only took a second for that warmth and softness to leave him. He didn’t want to admit it, but even in that confused state, he could still feel that he was reluctant to part. He wanted her warmth to engulf him and loved the mild perfume she was wearing. 
“I’ll go get you a bag of glucose right away.” 
Sasha, however, didn’t dare to even look at him. She left to get a bag of glucose as soon as she fled the crime scene.
Unfortunately, her heart was still beating out of rhythm when she returned with the bag of glucose. 
Sasha stood at the side of his bed. 
Thank the heavens that he has gone back to sleep. 
The way Sebastian laid there with his eyes closed also made it seem like the incident from a moment ago never happened. 
Sasha held his hand up and was going to penetrate his skin with the needle when… 
“Be gentle.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha jumped in surprise when she heard the guy talking. 
“Y-you’re awake?” 
No one replied. 
Sebastian stopped talking and simply rested on his bed. He was still pale when he frowned and turned to face the other side like he was getting annoyed. 
Sasha was speechless. 
It took her a while before she calmed her thumping heart down. She tilted her head down and used the thin, sharp needle to stab the back of Sebastian’s hand. 
If Sebastian were being honest, he would say that he didn’t feel anything at all. 
She lived in Clear for five years, and during that time, she had to act as both the doctor and the nurse because there weren’t many staff there. Hence, she would diagnose her patient, write the prescription,
and give the pills to her patient all in one go. That wasn’t challenging for her because she was also a TCM practitioner. 
As expected, color slowly returned to Sebastian’s cheeks after a while. 
Sasha noticed that Sebastian’s shirt remained unbuttoned, so she steeled herself out and reached out. 
“Mr. Hayes, I-I’m going to button you up, okay? It’s late at night, and it’ll get chilly. It’d be bad if you catch a cold,” said Sasha, who deliberated for a long while before she mustered enough courage to ask that question. 
Unfortunately, the guy never budged, even after she finished her sentence. 
Is he asleep? He’s laying there with his eyes closed, but that’s how he was earlier when he was awake… Does this mean he went back to sleep or not? 
Sasha tilted her head down and observed for quite some time. She worried about him catching a cold, so she ended up reaching out for the shirt that was barely hanging on to his waist. 
They were so close that it was a little suffocating. 
Sasha was blushing so hard and she acted like a thief. Her long, beautiful eyelashes fluttered as if they were wings of a butterfly. 
Fortunately, the guy never moved, even after she dragged him to sit upright. 
I guess that means he’s asleep. 
Sasha sighed a breath of relief right away. She also became gutsier, so to make things easier, she pulled his shirt up and bent over him. She even put her hand on the back of his neck as she helped him lie back down.
“What are you doing?” 
It felt like a bomb had suddenly gone off. 
This idiot has the worst timing and woke up again! He even opened his eyes. 
Voom! Sasha stared at him as her mind exploded. Blood rushed to her head and stunned her so much that she stayed in that position. 
“Macy West, what mischievous plan do you have for me? What are your intentions?” 
Sebastian’s condition had stabilized after getting the dextrose he needed from the bag of glucose. 
He stared calmly at her as his dark brown eyes shone with unreadable emotions. Despite that mystery, his beautiful eyes glowed with the kind of serenity that could get anyone to melt in them. 
Sasha immediately felt her cheeks burning hotter. She explained, “I… No, I would never…” 
“Then why are you always trying to get close to me? Do you realize what you look like at this moment?” 
“W-what?” 
“Like a hungry slut!” growled Sebastian through gritted teeth as he lay under her. 
Sasha’s eyes bulged in response to that. 
A slut? How dare he use that word on me? 
Sasha came back around. Her first instinct was to push him away immediately in a fit of anger. 
Unfortunately, the guy suddenly put his hand on the back of her head and ambushed her before she got to react. His long fingers locked in on her, and he pulled her in for a kiss.
What the hell? 
Sasha was petrified. 
Her eyes bulged like she had just been struck by lightning, and her irises dilated exponentially as she stared at the man she was kissing… 
Actually… that wasn’t right. She wasn’t the one kissing him. He’s forcing me to kiss him! 
###Chapter 767
Chapter 767
Sebastian’s irises constricted as well. He never thought that he would end up doing something like this. 
It was as if he was under a spell. He knew that she was attached, but when he smelled her perfume and looked at her soft, red lips… He didn’t know why, but an insane impulse came at him. 
I want her! 
It was as if she belonged to him in the first place. 
Sebastian’s heart was thumping in excitement. He finally got to taste her sweet lips, and it felt like electricity was coursing through him. That got the lust in his eyes to burn wilder. 
Sasha couldn’t speak. 
She was completely defenseless. 
He has his hand on the back of my head and is locking me in position. Darn it, how did he get my teeth to part, so he could invade my mouth like this? He’s nuts! 
Sasha didn’t know how she got free. 
All she remembered was hearing a pained moan before she came around and push Sebastian away. After that, she saw how the needle attached to the back of his other hand had fallen off. He bled right away. 
“Ah!”
Sasha regained her footing immediately. She stood up right away and gripped his hand before using a ball of cotton and putting some pressure on his injury. 
W-what the hell was I doing? 
Sasha was blushing so hard that she looked like a bright apple. She didn’t even dare to look at Sebastian. 
Similarly, Sebastian had come around. He looked at his own hand and instantly stiffened. Fury swelled up in him at the very next second. He was mad at Sasha… 
But he was also angry at himself. 
Am I retarded? Why would I do something like that to her? 
“Leave!” commanded Sebastian. 
It only took him a second to revert to his old self. His gaze was icy and distant, and he looked so grouchy that he was terrifying. 
Sasha couldn’t respond. 
She stared at him for a moment. At first, she wanted to say something, but her mind was in a mess. Hence, she readjusted his needle, then fled immediately after. 
Yep, fled was the right word to use. 
Sasha had never thought that he would do something like that, so she had been thinking about running away for some time. Under those circumstances, there was no way she could think of anything else. 
That was why Sasha fled that night…
Devin had been out with Vivian for some time. 
He initially planned on taking her home at around eight o’clock that night, but he saw his mom and cousin, Kira, in the shopping mall. They were in a branded store at the time. 
Have they made up already? 
Devin saw them there, so he carried the kid and headed over. 
“Mom, Kira, what brought the two of you here?” 
“Huh? Devin? I didn’t know you’re here.” 
Jasmine was delighted to see her son there. 
Kira, however, wasn’t as delighted to see her cousin. A hint of panic ran in her eyes, and her beautiful face turned a little pale when she saw him. 
“I took the kid out to play with her. What are you two doing here? It’s late, so why are you still shopping? Oh, what’s that? Ingredients?” asked Devin as he put the kid down and walked to the store where the ladies were. 
Jasmine quickly replied, “Yeah, Kira has a few days off, so I asked her to come over and whip up a delightful meal for us. Oh, by the way, you mentioned a little girl. Whose kid is she?” 
Jasmine was quick to change the topic and divert everybody’s attention to the child. 
Oh yeah, where did the kid come from? My son hasn’t gotten married, and I have never seen him around a child before, so… whose kid is this? 
Vivian was holding Devin’s hand when she saw how the lady in front of her was staring menacingly. That prompted Vivian to squeeze Devin’s hand with her chubby fingers.
“Uncle Devin, carry me!” 
“Huh?” Devin tilted his head down and picked the kid up before complaining, “Mom, why are you staring at her? You have scared her.” 
“It’s not that. I’m just wondering who the kid belongs to. Why is she with you? Is… is she your illegitimate daughter?” 
Jasmine was being serious. She noticed that the kid was especially beautiful and looked a little like Devin. 
“Why are you so agitated, Mom? She is the daughter of Sebastian’s doctor. Grandpa practically tortured Sebastian today at the Oceanic Estate, so her mom needed to work overtime to care for Sebastian. That is why I took the kid out. I didn’t want the good doctor to get distracted,” explained Devin quickly because he worried about his mom traumatizing the kid. He frowned in displeasure as he did so. 
Jasmine sighed a breath of relief upon hearing that. 
Thank the heavens! 
Kira was relieved as well. 
“So, Mom, I’ll take her back if there’s nothing urgent. It’s late, and I worry that the good doctor will be looking for her child.” 
Devin didn’t want to waste any more time with his mom, so he was ready to leave with the kid. 
Unfortunately, Jasmine suddenly grabbed his arm and stopped him. She instructed, “Wait. I need you to take Kira to the Oceanic Estate tomorrow. I’ve already talked to your grandpa about it. She will be cooking for Sebastian for the time being.” 
“Huh? She’s going to cook in Oceanic Estate? But what about the White House?”
“She’s on holiday. Your grandpa knows how good of a cook she is and thought about how she finally had some time off. That is why he asked her to go cook a few meals for Sebastian. See? I bought extra so she could take these exquisite ingredients over tomorrow.” 
Jasmine worried that Devin wouldn’t agree to it, so she showed him everything she bought. 
###Chapter 768
Chapter 768
In the end, Devin agreed to do so. 
He, like everyone else, knew just how great of a cook Kira was, and how his grandpa, Jonathan, really enjoyed her cooking. 
Hence, he didn’t think that there was anything off with driving her over. 
What he didn’t know, however, was that the women stopped smiling the second he turned around and left with the kid. 
“Do not let him figure this out, understand?” 
“Yeah,” replied Kira with her head down. Her voice was so soft that it was ridiculous. 
Seeing that instantly got Jasmine mad once more. She dissed, “What is with that expression? Do you think I enjoy this? That old man has sent his personal team over to train Sebastian, so what do you think is going to happen next? Sebastian is obviously trying to compete against your cousin to be the next head of the Jadesons. Let me get this straight. If Devin is not the heir, both you and I will lose everything!” 
Kira didn’t reply. 
Her fingers paled a little as she held the bag of groceries. It took her some time to garner enough courage and complain, “Even then, there is no need for me to mix these ingredients and cook for him. It’ll kill him!” 
“How would that kill him? All it’ll do is make him a permanent cripple,” denied Jasmine right away.
Jasmine didn’t want to keep arguing with Kira, so the former glared over evilly and warned, “Do not get in my way again or I will marry you off to Alfred’s nephew!” 
Kira was already pale, but hearing that got her even paler. It was as if her life was sucked out of her, and she stared fearfully at her aunt. 
Kira didn’t dare to say another word anymore because she would rather die than marry that j*rk. 
…… 
Sasha ended up spending the night in the room on the third floor. 
She worried that Sebastian would develop another fever, so she returned after she calmed down and put her daughter to bed. Sasha guarded over Sebastian the entire night. 
Bzz! Bzz! 
The vibrating phone woke Sasha up. 
She heard that hum, so she groggily got her phone out and answered, “Hello?” 
“Madam, how are things on your side? Why haven’t you called to update me? I am worried sick here.” 
It was Karl. He had been waiting outside the Oceanic Estate since she entered the place with Vivian. That day, he worried endlessly as he waited for her update. 
Sasha regained her composure and rubbed her sleepy eyes beside the desk before she sat up. She was about to tell Karl that everything was fine when she noticed that the bed was empty. 
“Where is he?” 
“Where’s who?”
Karl was slightly taken aback because he was on the phone and couldn’t see what was going on. 
Unfortunately, Sasha didn’t have the time or the mood to explain anything. She simply replied, “We’re fine. I have to hang up now. I’ll tell you more about it via WhatsApp later.” 
She hung up immediately after and hurried out of there. 
Just how deep of a sleeper am I? I didn’t even know that he has left! 
Sasha took the elevator down right away. “Olivia, did you see Mr. Hayes around?” asked Sasha. 
“Huh? Isn’t he at the observation tower? I saw him heading in that direction earlier,” answered the housemaid, Olivia, as she pointed in the direction of the observation tower. 
As the name suggested, the observation tower was the spot where one could enjoy the scenery of the place in its entirety. 
That was supposed to be a place to serve the VIPs. The designs and style made it so that the VIPs would get the best view of the city. Hence, the observation tower was, without a doubt, the best place to relax. 
Sasha grabbed a coat and headed over. 
When she reached the place, she saw that a guy was sitting under the rays of sunrise. 
However, he was not the only one there. Another person was next to him. A small coffee table was sitting in between them, and they were enjoying their drinks as they admired the sunrise together. 
“I’m sorry. I was too eager yesterday.” 
No one replied to that.
That sentence got the man, who was in a wheelchair and had a poker face on, to shift his gaze over for a while. 
It didn’t take long before he reverted to his distant self and shifted his focus to the view ahead. 
Jonathan picked up the teapot and poured a drink for himself. 
“I spent my entire life on the battlefield defending the country, and that got me used to being aggressive. That is why I am not used to taking my time or living a luxurious life. Take a look around, and you’d see proof of my words. There aren’t many weaklings among the Jadesons,” said Jonathan after he sipped some tea. It sounded like he was explaining himself, but it also seemed like he was just making conversation with his grandson. 
Excitement flushed in Sasha right away. 
That was the first time she heard Jonathan speaking in such a warm manner. It didn’t matter what was the fight between them anymore. At the very least, those words meant that Sebastian’s life wouldn’t be threatened… At least not for a while. 
What truly ticked Sasha off and got the vein on her head to pop was that the man in the wheelchair didn’t react to it at all. 
He kept staring ahead, and his handsome face showed no response. He didn’t even bother looking at Jonathan. 
Bang! 
“Yeah, you’re right. I remember when I first got here, I noticed that Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson and the others were all strong and beefy. They truly are incredible and are the best of the best,” complimented Sasha.
She was quick to rush over. I’d better speak up before Jonathan loses his temper. 
###Chapter 769
Chapter 769
Damn it! Is he dumb? How can he be so rude? 
“Oh! It’s you!” Jonathan was not really pleased the moment he saw her. 
At the same time, Sebastian also turned in her direction. In a split second, his face turned grim. “What are you doing here?” he snapped at her. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’m here to bring you a jacket. You had a fever last night. It’s too windy here. I’m worried that you will catch a cold and fall sick again,” she explained as she approached him with the jacket. 
What a stubborn fellow! How I wish to teach him a lesson! Why does he come all the way here early in the morning? Doesn’t he know that he is still weak and might fall sick again at any moment? 
Sasha could not resist scoffing inwardly. Pfft! What an ill-tempered man! No doubt, old Mr. Jadeson is quite annoying. Anyway, there is no harm bowing to him, so he will be pleased and be more lenient with his intensive training. After all, there’s nothing to lose. Why can’t this man learn to cool his head off and control his temper? 
Sasha approached Sebastian and was about to put the jacket on his shoulders. 
“Get out of my way!” He shrugged her off in dismay the moment her hand touched him, as though he was stung by an insect. His lips tightened into a thin line; his eyes were blazing with utter resistance and abhorrence. 
Astounded by his bellow of anger, Sasha froze on the spot with the jacket in her arm.
Why is he boiling with anger again? Is it because of what happened last night? He was actually the one making the first move; yet, I didn’t even lash out at him! 
Sasha pouted her lips and looked at the man indignantly. Fortunately, it was rather windy when they were at the top level of the observation tower. Meanwhile, Jonathan was savoring his cup of tea. Thus, he was unaware of the tense atmosphere between both of them. 
Even so, it still caught his attention when Sasha mentioned that Sebastian had a fever the night before. 
“What did you say just now? He had a fever?” He put down the cup and fixed his penetrating gaze on her. 
Hmph! Fine, I’d better stop getting on this arrogant man’s nerves. Let me try talking things out with Old Mr. Jadeson instead! 
Sasha came to her senses at once and moved to stand alongside Jonathan. “Yeah, it seems his lungs were injured in a way due to overexertion, resulting in the drastic rise in body temperature. Anyway, his condition is currently under control after going through acupuncture last night,” she explained to him tactfully. 
In an instant, a hint of awkwardness flashed across Jonathan’s face. Miraculously, his simmering anger was gone within seconds. 
Nonetheless, he put on a grim look and refuted, “It’s because he still lacks exercise!” 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, Mr. Hayes’ physical condition is quite good. However, he was unconscious for three months and sustained different injuries constantly after regaining consciousness. Subsequently, his body becomes weaker unavoidably. Please allow me to treat him with my traditional methods for a period of time. By then, I’m pretty sure he will be as fit and strong as Mr. Devin and the others.” Sasha tried to convince Jonathan.
In the meantime, she could not resist recalling how Sebastian used to look before that. Her lips curved into an attractive smile as she reminisced about those moments. 
If only they knew how the omnipotent man used to manage such a big corporation! Regardless of various challenges, he was as fit as a fiddle! 
This round, Jonathan did not utter any words to retort. 
After about ten minutes, the morning sun gradually moved higher in the sky. Shrouded by the golden ray of the rising sun, they started to feel warmer. 
Jonathan finally put down his cup and was about to leave. He uttered solemnly, “Have a good rest then. All of them will come later. Bear in mind to cool yourself down and mind your manner.” 
Sasha was dumbfounded before she asked curiously, “Old Mr. Jadeson, what do you mean by ‘they’?” 
“All the Jadesons. I will officially move back here from today onwards. Since everyone hasn’t seen each other for a long time, I will grab the opportunity to hold a feast at noon. It is a reunion lunch for the Jadesons in a way,” Jonathan explained nonchalantly as he stood up. Even so, there was a hint of warning in his eyes when he threw a meaningful glance at Sebastian before he strode away. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
The Jadesons? Does he mean Jared Jadeson’s whole family and that branch family? Why did he invite them over for lunch all of a sudden? What caused him to move back to Oceanic Estate within such a short span? Hmm! It will be inconvenient for me since he has moved back! 
Sasha’s mind drifted in a daze due to the sudden change. 
On the other hand, Sebastian moved away in his wheelchair right after Jonathan left. Somehow, there were not even the slightest bit of changes in his countenance, as though he did not catch Jonathan’s
words at all. 
“Hey, Mr. Hayes, wait for me!” At the sight of Sebastian, who was leaving the place, Sasha finally came to herself and tried to catch up with him. 
She intended to push his wheelchair. Nonetheless, he turned to shoot her a cold glance when her hand was about to touch the handles. 
“Stop following me!” he snapped coldly. 
Sasha’s hands stiffened in mid-air as she mumbled quizzically, “Huh? Mr. Hayes, I have to look after you. Why can’t I stay by your side?” 
“I don’t need that!” the man rejected her right away with a grim look on his face. 
“The residence will be very packed later. Bring your child back first and come again tomorrow,” he instructed coldly. 
“But…” Sasha tried to argue. It never crossed her mind that he would make such an arrangement. 
Even so, he left without sparing her another glance. 
Sasha was dumfounded. 
All the Jadesons are coming! Even Charles Jadeson, who harbors grudges against him, is coming with his family! How can I go back now? My goodness! I still shudder whenever I recall how they had tried to kill him under broad daylight in the hospital previously! How can I let him face all of them by himself? 
###Chapter 770
Chapter 770
After pondering for a while, Sasha made her way to the main wing of the residence. 
To her surprise, the housemaids were all very occupied. They were all busy wiping the furniture and carpeting the floor. Some of them were even decorating the hall by hanging colorful balloons on the wall. 
Are all these preparations merely for welcoming Jonathan’s return? Well, I don’t think it’s as simple as that. It’s uncommon for him to gather all the Jadesons out of the blue. Hmm! I bet he must be thinking of putting everything that has happened in these two months to an end! 
Haha… 
Sasha snickered at the thought and stepped into the hall. 
“Olivia, all of you look busy today. Do you need any help?” She approached the housemaid and offered to give her a hand. 
“Ah! Dr. West, you are here! It’s all right. How can we trouble you to help us?” Olivia turned her down courteously. 
Sasha only smiled and started wiping the table voluntarily. 
All of a sudden, Devin emerged with a bunch of grocery bags of various sizes and yelled out, “Olivia, come and give me a hand with these!” 
“All right, Mr. Devin.” Olivia wiped her hands at once and made her way toward Devin.
At the sight of the grocery bags, Sasha followed behind her to offer help. “Good morning, Mr. Devin. What are all these?” 
“Morning, Dr. West,” Devin greeted her with a warm smile. “These are all the ingredients bought by my cousin, Kira,” he explained further and pointed behind him. 
Only then did Sasha realize that there was a pretty young lady standing behind him. Her hands were full of grocery bags as well. 
“Let me help you,” Sasha stretched out her hands immediately to take over some of the grocery bags from her. 
Kira’s forehead was beaded with sweats. She looked up at Sasha thankfully and asked hesitantly, “Thank you. Are you… Dr. West?” 
“Yeah, do you know me?” Sensing that the young lady kept gazing at her, Sasha asked in bewilderment. 
Nonetheless, the young lady looked down hastily at once. She avoided having eye contact with Sasha and explained incoherently, “N-No, it’s just because Devin mentioned your name these two days. He… he said that there is a very caring doctor who takes good care of Mr. Sebastian. That is why I tend to remember your name.” 
“That’s no big deal. It’s my job responsibility,” Sasha replied humbly. 
She did not sense anything awry from Kira’s words and helped her carry the grocery bags into the kitchen. 
On the other hand, Devin also stepped in with a basket full of premium dried ingredients and a bottle of oil. Apparently, those were all the ingredients needed for the feast at noon.
“Dr. West, how is Sebastian now?” Devin asked about Sebastian’s condition right after he put the things down. 
Hmm, this man seems to be really concerned about him! 
Sasha dusted off her clothes and put on a smile. ”He had a mild fever last night, but he’s fine now. If you feel like having a look at him, you can go up any time now,” she replied casually and added the last sentence on purpose. Since Sebastian was reluctant to let her stay by his side, she had no choice but to let Devin go up and check on him. 
“All right, I will go in a while,” Devin replied at once. 
After that, she turned and went back into the kitchen. In the meantime, Kira was holding the basket full of dried ingredients. Earlier on, she put the packet of beef slices and a bottle of red wine into the basket secretly. Right that instant, she was about to take out the beef slices to be stewed in red wine. Her heart skipped a beat when Sasha was back to the kitchen again. 
“Dr. West, are you planning to prepare anything here?” she asked warily. 
“Mr. Hayes had a fever last night and can’t take oily food. Hence, I’m thinking of preparing some yam porridge for him,” Sasha replied casually with a smile. 
She was unaware of the abrupt change in Kira’s expression. As her mind was preoccupied with preparing something suitable for Sebastian, she started looking for the ingredients in the kitchen. 
Hearing that, Kira was stunned before her eyes lit up again. She tossed the packet of beef slices back into the basket swiftly, grateful that she had found an excuse. 
“Oh, is it? Coincidentally, I have bought some yams today. Let me get you some,” Kira told Sasha eagerly and crouched down to look for the yams from the grocery bags.
Sasha was glad to hear that and crouched down to help her as well. 
After a while, they found the packet of yams from one of the grocery bags. 
“Dr. West, perhaps you can consider adding some of these bell peppers. I believe they will add flavor to your yam porridge.” Kira turned to take out another grocery bag and looked at her eagerly. 
“Thank you so much. You’re really thoughtful!” Sasha thanked her sincerely and gave her a thumbs-up inwardly. What a helpful young lady! 
A while later, Sasha washed and cut the yams as well as bell peppers into smaller cubes. When the water in the pot came to a boil, she put in the cubes to simmer at low heat. 
Kira also heaved a sigh of relief and was glad that she could focus on the preparation for the other dishes. 
All of a sudden, a housemaid rushed into the kitchen and yelled nervously, “Dr. West, your daughter fell down a while ago. She is crying in pain now. Can you go and have a look at her?” 
Sasha felt a prickle of anxiousness and rushed out of the kitchen at once. 
Kira lifted the glass lid of the pot instinctively and helped to have a look at the simmering yam porridge. 
###Chapter 771
Chapter 771
“So what? You thought that you can put your mission aside when she’s cooking him yam porridge?” A devilish figure emerged from nowhere and sneered. 
Blood drained from Kira’s face at the sight of the ferocious smirk on the woman’s face. 
Crash! 
The glass lid dropped from her hand and smashed onto the floor. 
“A-Aunt Jasmine…” Kira stammered. 
“You don’t deserve to call me that! I’m ashamed to have a niece like you!” Jasmine grimaced and snarled at Kira in exasperation, infuriated by her betrayal. The next moment, she dashed toward the basket of dried ingredients and took out the packet of beef slices agitatedly. 
“Please don’t do that!” Sensing what Jasmine intended to do, Kira wailed in despair. Even so, she was unable to stop a malicious Jasmine from tossing all the beef slices into Sasha’s pot of yam porridge. Apart from that, she even poured more than half a bottle of red wine into it! 
“Mark my words! Don’t ever try to bluff me. If this pot of special porridge is not served to him later, I will send you to serve Hendrick White well in bed tonight!” Jasmine hissed viciously at Kira before she stormed out of the kitchen. 
Kira slumped onto the floor in helplessness. 
Beef slices stewed in red wine were scrumptious, yet the combination could be a deadly recipe for certain people.
For those who sustained injuries or endured gout, this recipe could be resulting in excessive urine acid precipitating in the soft tissues of their bodies. As a result, the particular person might not be able to walk again. 
Since Sebastian was still under the recuperation stage, his condition would surely deteriorate after consuming the dish. That was the hideous ploy on Jasmine’s mind, as she was hoping that he would end up suffering from permanent disability. 
Kira’s heart fell as she sank into utter despair. 
Meanwhile, Sasha finally spotted Vivian crying her heart out pitifully in a housemaid’s arms outside the residence and darted toward them. 
“What happened to you, sweetie? Are you injured?” Sasha asked apprehensively. 
“My knee! Mommy, look at my knee! It is bleeding! Ouch! It hurts!” The little girl sobbed sorrowfully. 
Sasha looked down at Vivian’s knee hastily. 
Her heart wrenched the moment she saw her scraped knee. Blood was still oozing out from the wound. 
“It’s all right. Don’t cry. I will attend to your wound now.” Sasha coaxed Vivian gently as she carried her into the residence. 
In the meantime, Devin was having small talks with Sebastian in the bedroom on the second floor. Other than that, he was trying to hint Sebastian that all the Jadesons would attend the feast at noon. Thus, it was up to Sebastian if he did not feel like going down to join them. 
Even so, Sebastian twitched his lips and sniggered. “Of course, I will go down and show my face. Do you think that I will be afraid of them?”
Devin waved frantically and tried to appease him by saying, “Don’t get me wrong. I don’t mean that. I-I’m just assuming that you might not like such a boisterous party.” 
Devin was apparently feeling guilty about the previous incidents. Since then, he was fearful of infuriating Sebastian with his unintentional bluntness. 
Sebastian shifted his gaze back to the book in his hands without uttering another word. Even so, hints of coldness and grimness were written all over his face. Devin even gulped and had a shudder unknowingly. It was as if there was a drastic drop in the temperature, turning the room into an abyss. 
“Ouch! Mommy, it’s painful!” A little girl’s cries of pain pierced the silence in the room. 
Devin rushed out of the bedroom at once and asked anxiously, “Is that little girl crying? What happened to her?” 
Even though Sebastian did not comment on anything, he could not turn a deaf ear to the little girl’s wails of pain. He raised his brows and looked out of the room in an instant. There was even an unmissable change of emotion in his obsidian eyes. 
Devin’s figure was out of sight within seconds as he rushed down like a bolt of lightning. 
“Dr. West, is your daughter crying now? What’s the matter with her?” Devin asked in great concern. 
By right, a tough man from a military background like Devin would not be emotionally shaken under any circumstances. Nevertheless, Sebastian could sense a hint of anxiousness in his voice. His face turned grim instantly as a wave of indecipherable complex emotions crept into his heart. 
Sasha, who was attending to Vivian’s wound was stunned when Devin came into view. “Mr. Devin?” 
The moment Vivian saw Devin, tears flowed down her cheeks like streams. She gazed at him pitifully with her teary eyes and pointed at the wound on her knee. “Boo-hoo! Uncle Devin, I’m in pain. Look at
my knee… it’s bleeding…” 
Devin was undoubtedly a tough man, yet the little girl’s wails of pain could effortlessly cause his heart to flinch. 
“Poor girl, don’t cry. I will bring you somewhere later to cheer you up,” Devin consoled her gently. 
Later, he carried Vivian out right after Sasha attended to her wound. 
Sasha could not resist feeling amused and rolled her eyes. Deep down, she saluted Vivian for winning Devin’s heart in just within a night. 
After tidying up the table, Sasha stepped out of the bedroom to head back to the kitchen. Her eyes widened in disbelief the moment she saw the man who appeared outside the elevator on the first floor from nowhere. “Mr. Hayes, where are you going?” 
###Chapter 772
Chapter 772
Nonetheless, Sebastian only gave her a cold glance before he vanished into the elevator again. 
“Ah, Mr. Hayes! Wait a minute! Don’t stay alone in the elevator. It’s too risky!” Sasha darted toward the lift at once. 
Fortunately, she managed to slip into the elevator right before the door was closed. 
“Mr. Hayes…” she called out his name hesitantly. 
Even so, the man did not even give her any response! 
As she glanced obliquely at him, her heart thumped at the sight of his frown, which had deepened into a scowl. 
Huh! I’d better zip my mouth now. 
Sasha remained silent. None of them broke the silence even when the elevator reached the ground floor. 
The moment the elevator door opened again, they heard someone yelling excitedly. “Sebastian? Isn’t that Sebastian? Dad, he has come down.” 
“Yeah, since he is here, we don’t have to go up and call him down,” a woman echoed. 
The couple who stood facing the elevator door turned out to be Jasmine and Stephen. Sasha and Sebastian’s face turned grim simultaneously at their emergence. 
As they shrieked in exhilaration, more and more people behind them advanced toward the elevator and huddled over to have a look.
Both Sasha and Sebastian were at a loss for words. 
When a glint of ferocity was about to flash across Sebastian’s eyes, Sasha stepped out from the elevator and blocked in front of him. 
“Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson, Mrs. Jadeson, what a coincidence! We meet again!” she greeted the couple exaggeratively. 
“Coincidence? You are indeed a mood spoiler. Get out of my way!” Jasmine snapped at her disdainfully; her face fell in an instant. 
Nevertheless, Sasha was no ordinary woman and was not intimidated by her. 
She continued to put on a dignified smile as she mocked, “Mrs. Jadeson, I’m sorry that I can’t get out of my way as requested. Mr. Hayes is germophobic and dislikes having close contact with others. Would you mind moving aside so I can push him out?” 
Next, she turned to place her hands on the handles of Sebastian’s wheelchair. 
It never occurred to her that an enraged Jasmine would dash toward her and yank her arm. 
“Hmph! Who do you think you are? How dare you instruct me to move aside?” The woman who had lost her temper gritted her teeth and shoved Sasha aside. 
At that very moment, Sasha stumbled and almost fell. 
“You’re digging your own grave, huh?” At the eleventh hour, a man’s bellow of anger sounded. Before Sasha could come to her senses, the man’s strong hand grabbed hold of her arm tightly. 
“Mr. Hayes…” Sasha could barely believe that the man would stretch out his hand and come to her rescue.
“Tell Jonathan Jadeson, if I ever see her in front of my face again, I vow to turn Oceanic Estate into a living hell!” he snarled at Jasmine coldly. The murderous intent in his tone sent chills down everyone’s spine. 
This man is horrendous! 
Jasmine’s face turned ashen. 
Stephen thought of rectifying the situation, yet he did not have the courage to open his mouth, aghast by Sebastian’s flaring eyes. 
After a while, Jonathan rushed over and asked apprehensively, “What’s the matter?” 
“Uncle Jonathan, it started when Jasmine insisted on pulling Sebastian out from the elevator. This lady doctor explained that she would push him out as he was not feeling well. The next moment, both of them had a conflict. Jasmine became agitated and almost shoved her onto the floor,” one of the Jadesons described what had occurred a while ago. 
Damn it! See what this foolish woman has done and rained on my parade! 
Jonathan glared at Jasmine with his blazing eyes and fumed, “Hmph! What’s the matter with you? How dare you stir up trouble here. What a foolish woman! Send her back at once!” 
Jasmine’s hope was shattered within seconds. 
As her legs gave way, she turned to grab Stephen’s arm, hoping that he could help to beg for mercy on behalf of her. 
Even so, Stephen chose to turn a blind eye to his wife, who had embarrassed him. He had had enough of her and could barely wait for her to be out of their sight!
“Send her back at once!” Stephen instructed his driver. 
“Noted, Mr. Jadeson,” the driver replied respectfully and left with Jasmine at once. With that, the ridiculous disruption finally came to an end. 
Meanwhile, Kira, who happened to witness the commotion, made up her mind to twist the situation. Without hesitation, she turned back into the kitchen and poured Sasha’s pot of yam porridge away. 
Sasha pushed Sebastian’s wheelchair into the living room. After witnessing the ruckus moments ago, the other Jadesons were intimidated by Sebastian’s imposing aura. All of them tended to stand further away and stared at him in utter resentment. 
Apart from that, some of the Jadesons were scrutinizing him from head to toe inquisitively. 
“Ah! So this is the so-called youngest heir of the Jadesons! Undoubtedly, he has a stunning good look and bears a strong resemblance to our Shin many years ago!” One of the Jadesons gasped admiringly. 
“I agree with you. He is a chip off the old block,” another middle-aged man commented. 
“But he has scary cold eyes, and he’s really fierce. Is he a bad guy?” a young boy asked abruptly. 
Sasha turned in the direction, and a little boy caught her attention at once. The man standing behind him cupped his hand over his mouth tightly, fearing that he would blurt out more inappropriate words. 
What do they mean? Why are they looking at him like that? To them, is he some sort of ferocious beast or one who brings catastrophe? Or perhaps they even deem him like a demon from hell? See how they are fearful of coming near him as if he brings plague! 
Sasha’s heart sank as another wave of suffocating deep sorrow swept over her. 
How could my mighty deity turn into such a horrifying person in their eyes? I bet they never get to know how outstanding he used to be! Regardless of where he was, he was thrust into the limelight all the time.
As an omnipotent man from a prominent family, he was like a mighty king. Everyone was respectful of him and willing to bow to him, as though they were his faithful knights. Since when things had begun to turn the other way around? What placed him in such a pathetic state? 
In a blink of an eye, Sasha was down in the dumps. 
###Chapter 773
Chapter 773
The banquet at the Oceanic Estate was about to begin, given that all guests had arrived. 
Sasha finally had the chance to see the most prominent royal family and its members. 
“The eldest man is Jared, and he is Jonathan’s brother. He is a retired high-ranking government official. Now, he lives in Tellmoore and enjoys his retirement,” Olivia explained while pointing at the old man, who had grey hair and sat beside Jonathan. 
Upon hearing it, Sasha turned her gaze at Jared. 
Sasha knew that Jared was Charles’s father. When Jonathan was in power, he promoted Jared to be a high-level officer. However, Jared was just a mediocre politician and held the same position until retirement. 
On the contrary, Jared’s son, Charles, was more competent. 
Unfortunately, he had been killed by Sebastian. 
As Sasha stared at the short and fat Jared, she realized that he fixated his gaze upon Sebastian, who also sat next to Jonathan. 
At that moment, Jared’s gaze was chilly, as if he wanted to devour Sebastian alive in no time. 
As such, Sasha couldn’t help but shiver. 
“Then, those are his second son, Connor; his daughter, Candice; his daughter-in-law, Jocelyn; and his third and fourth son. They are all Jared’s immediate family members.”
Olivia continued to introduce them to Sasha without noticing the change in her expression. 
Why haven’t I heard of Connor before? I guess he’s yet another mediocre man. 
After Sasha shifted her gaze toward Candice, she couldn’t help but frown. 
While all of the Jadesons glare at Sebastian with hatred, she is the only one who looks calm and continues drinking her tea. 
It is as if the entire incident had nothing to do with her. 
However, is that true? 
After all, Charles was her biological brother! 
Sasha narrowed her eyes as she pondered over it. 
When Jocelyn realized that almost every Jadeson was here, she couldn’t help but grit her teeth and asked Candice, who sat beside her. 
“Candice, why did Jonathan ask us to be here today? Is he trying to stand up for the b*stard?” 
Candice remained calm as she replied, “Well, is there anything wrong with it? I mean, after all the disagreements, it’s time to settle our differences and live harmoniously as a family.” 
“But-” Jocelyn got impatient once she heard it. 
At that moment, Sasha, who stood at the side hall, saw that Candice cast a ferocious glance at Jocelyn. Jocelyn shivered and stopped complaining at once. 
Interesting! 
Feeling intrigued by the stark difference, Sasha shifted all of her focus upon the woman.
While Jared and his immediate family were disgruntled, the other Jadesons were much friendlier. 
“Uncle Jonathan, I’m sorry that we didn’t prepare a nice gift because we had to rush over here. Anyway, I happened to find this when I was doing business. Do you like it?” 
“Thank you very much for the gift.” 
Jonathan waved his hands gently. 
Once the banquet started, the housemaids began to serve dishes and drinks. 
As Sebastian’s family doctor, Sasha continued to sit in the side hall. 
“All right! Since everyone has arrived, please allow me to say a few words before we start enjoying the food.” 
Jonathan, who sat at the head of the table, glanced at everyone at the table imposingly and began his speech. 
Instantly, everyone, including Jared, sat straight and listened to him attentively. 
“As all of you’ve seen, the Jadesons faced with a lot of problems recently. So, after having this meal, I hope that we can let go of things from the past. I don’t wish to hear any troubles related to our family ever again. Understood?” Jonathan said in a dignified and powerful tone. 
The next moment, everyone at the table was rooted to the floor. 
What does he mean? 
Does Jonathan want to put an end to this? 
Is he protecting the maniac?
Jared and his immediate family were pale-faced. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was also shocked, for she didn’t expect that Jonathan wanted to end the confrontation between Sebastian and Jadesons in such a manner. 
She turned to Sebastian and saw that he was also gazing at Jonathan. 
Ever since Sebastian arrived at the Oceanic Estate, it was the first time that he stared at Jonathan in bewilderment for such a long time. 
It was as if Sebastian didn’t expect it as well. 
“This is unacceptable! Charles, Eric, and Tiffany are all dead because of him. How can we ever let it go? Won’t it be utterly unfair to our family?” 
Thud! Jocelyn finally couldn’t hold in her frustration. Standing up from the chair, she pointed at Sebastian and lashed out at him. 
###Chapter 774
Chapter 774
Meanwhile, Connor also stood up and added, “That’s right. Tyler was killed too, yet the murderer is well and alive.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless by their one-sided accusations. 
Soon, Jonathan’s eyes became ferocious, his expression turned grim. 
At that time, Sasha’s heart skipped a beat upon seeing the change in his expression. 
“How dare you? Do you remember what did they do to Sebastian before they died? They killed his mother and his wife! Were they not human beings?” 
“I…” 
The next moment, Jonathan turned around and glared at Connor fiercely. 
“Also, speaking of your son, I haven’t settled the score with you yet. Many of my soldiers are dead because of your boy. If he were still alive, I’ll be the one who put a bullet through his head!” 
Once Jonathan finished, Connor was frightened and collapsed into his chair. 
So, this is the head of the Jadeson family! 
Besides, he used to be in the military and led thousands of soldiers! 
Therefore, such a man is their god and master. Anyone who dares to challenge his authority will face severe consequences!
Sasha couldn’t help but gulp, for it was the first time she saw the imposing side of Jonathan. 
“Alright, Jonathan. Please calm down. They are indeed immature. I mean, they should’ve been more polite since they are at fault. Rest assured that we won’t make any trouble from now on. Also, don’t let it affect your health.” 
At that juncture, Jared was sensible enough to smooth things over. 
He apologized to Jonathan first and promised that they would stop causing trouble for Sebastian. 
After a while, Jonathan scoffed and calmed himself down. 
However, Sebastian remained silent all the time and kept staring at the glass before him attentively. Sasha couldn’t help but wonder what was on his mind. 
To ease the situation, Stephen immediately added, “Alright. It’s settled then. Let’s begin to eat. Dad, I remember that you like salmon. Try this.” 
With that, the atmosphere became less tense, and everyone began enjoying dinner. 
Sasha felt relieved upon seeing that. 
Since Jonathan made it very clear that revenge-seeking had to stop, Sasha believed Sebastian would be safe from now on. 
Later, Sasha went outside to look for her daughter. 
“Vivian, where are you? It’s time to have lunch.” 
“Mommy, I’m here. Spencer is playing with me.”
Sasha heard Vivian’s cute voice from the garden at the back. Besides, Vivian seemed to be having a great time. 
Spencer? 
Who is he? 
Sasha’s first impression was that Spencer was one of the housemaids. Much to her surprise, she saw a boy, who was even younger than Vivian, when she came to the garden. 
“He is…” 
“Mommy, his name is Spencer Jadeson. We are good friends now.” 
Vivian introduced her new friend to Sasha excitedly. 
Spencer Jadeson? Isn’t he one of the Jadesons? 
Anxious, Sasha immediately carried Vivian and replied, “Others are having lunch now. Come on, let me bring you guys back.” 
With that, she brought the two kids back to the house. 
Given that Jonathan kept acting as a mediator, Sebastian finally budged and lifted his glass of wine. 
“Well, let’s have a toast.” 
Jonathan was in a good mood when he saw that. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and the kids stood aside, waiting for them to finish the toast.
When the housemaids were serving soup, a thought suddenly flashed through Sasha’s mind—she made some soup earlier on. 
“Vivi, can you wait for me here with your friend? I’ve to go to the kitchen for a while.” 
“Sure, Mommy,” Vivian agreed without further question. 
Sasha went into the kitchen and asked, “Ms. Woods, I’m sorry to bother you, but may I check the soup I made earlier?” 
Kira turned around when she heard the question. 
“Oh? It’s Dr. West. Your soup…” she said apologetically, “I’m so sorry, Dr. West. I accidentally knocked over your soup when I was busy preparing for the banquet. Anyway, I’ve made another bowl of soup with herbs for you, which is good for our stomach.” 
With that, she showed Sasha the new pot of soup. 
Well, I’m afraid Sebastian doesn’t like soup with herbs. 
Anyway, since the lady has made it, I’ll accept it. 
“Alright, thank you.” Sasha took a bowl of soup from the pot and thanked Kira. 
Kira heaved a sigh of relief after Sasha left. 
###Chapter 775
Chapter 775
It’s settled then. 
With that, Kira continued preparing food for the banquet. 
Sasha came up to the banquet table and sat beside Sebastian while holding a bowl of soup. 
“Mr. Hayes, since you’ve just recovered, I’d suggest that you should avoid oily food. Here, I’ve prepared a bowl of soup for you.” 
Sasha unknowingly bent over as she handed over the bowl of soup to Sebastian. 
After glancing at Sasha nonchalantly, Sebastian pushed away the food served to him earlier on and took the bowl of soup. 
Sasha put on a smile when she saw Sebastian’s reaction. 
However, as Sasha was about to leave, she couldn’t help but feel that someone was staring at her. 
Sasha took a sideways glance and realized that it was Candice. 
She was stunned upon meeting Candice’s gaze. 
However, Candice shifted her gaze quickly as though their eyes only met coincidentally. 
As such, Sasha also shifted her gaze and continued walking. 
Why was she staring at me? What did she want?
That thought gave Sasha a really bad feeling in her gut. 
“Mr. Hayes…” 
The next moment, Sasha returned to the table swiftly and stopped Sebastian right before he put the spoon into his mouth. 
“What’s wrong?” Sebastian still looked cold when he looked up at Sasha. However, Sasha could tell that he wasn’t angry at her. 
“It crossed my mind that the soup wasn’t hot. Please allow me to heat it up. Besides, please don’t eat the food on the table, or else you might have a tummy upset later,” Sasha took the bowl of soup back and reminded Sebastian purposely. 
Although Sebastian didn’t utter a word, he glanced at Sasha, trying to figure out what was on her mind. 
Since Sasha couldn’t stand his gaze, she quickly ran away with the soup. 
When Candice saw that Sasha took the soup back, she finally couldn’t stay composed. 
“Oh? Dr. West, why are you taking the soup back?” 
Meanwhile, Kira had finished preparing the dishes and went out of the kitchen. She was shocked upon seeing that Sasha came back with the bowl of soup. 
Ignoring Candice and Kira, Sasha went straight into the kitchen and poured the soup into the sink. Then, she took out a silver needle to test the soup. 
Confusion flashed past Kira’s eyes when she saw it. 
When Kira came up to Sasha, she noticed that the silver needle began to turn black, indicating that it was poisonous.
Instantly, Kira turned pale-faced as though she was struck by thunder. 
How could it be? 
Didn’t she dispose of the soup already? 
Meanwhile, Sasha’s hand shivered upon seeing the change in the needle’s color. 
The next moment, she pushed the plates and bowls away furiously and yelled, “What’s your explanation on this? Why are you doing this, huh?” 
Sasha glared at Kira ferociously as though she wanted to devour Kira in no time. 
I might be too aggressive, but Sebastian is everything in my life! 
Scared to death, Kira staggered backward and replied stammeringly, “No… It’s not me. I didn’t…” 
Besides, she almost couldn’t steady herself. 
Deep down, Kira knew that she could never give Sasha a satisfying explanation. 
Furious, Sasha wanted to bring Kira and the pot of soup to Jonathan. 
At that juncture, someone showed up at the kitchen door and asked, “What are you guys doing?” 
Sasha turned around immediately when she recognized the cold voice from her back. 
“Mr. Hayes? Why are you here? I—” 
Sasha was lost for words all of a sudden. Deep down, she wished to protect Sebastian and keep the despicable things that people did from him.
However, Sebastian was aware of it when Sasha took the soup back. 
“Let her go. She didn’t do this.” 
“Ah?” Sasha gazed at him with her widened eyes and continued, “Why? I mean, she was the one who made the soup. Why isn’t she the culprit?” 
“Well, it’s because no one is that stupid. Think about it—the soup is specially made for me only. As such, you’ll become the most likely suspect because you asked her to make the soup for me.” 
Sasha was stunned when Sebastian pointed out the obvious. 
Sasha felt that a shiver ran down her spine. Besides, the glow in her eyes vanished at once. 
However, Sebastian probably didn’t notice the change in Sasha’s expression at all. Instead, he frowned and continued to analyze the situation. “For instance—” 
“Even so, you can’t say that I might harm you. I mean, I won’t harm you even if the whole world targets you,” Sasha murmured. Apparently, she felt dispirited by Sebastian’s words. 
On the other hand, Kira rushed toward Sebastian hurriedly, for she thought he was her lifeline. 
###Chapter 776
Chapter 776
“Yes, Mr. Sebastian. It was not my doing. I did help Dr. West make the soup, but I would never dare to do this.” 
That’s right, it’s because she doesn’t dare to do it. 
Therefore, she poured away everything that she was supposed to serve him. 
Kira looked at her with teary eyes. 
Sasha lifted her head, “Who else could it be besides you? The soup had been boiling here all the while. So who else could approach it except you?” 
“There’re many of them. This is not a forbidden place, anyone could come here if they want to kill me.” 
Before Kira could answer, the man at the door interrupted. 
However, his voice was full of hostility and sarcasm. It felt like a frosty sword, where one could feel its murderous rage from afar. 
Sasha was at loss for words. 
Suddenly, a bad premonition arose from her heart and she quickly came over. 
“What you doing here, Mr. Hayes?” 
“Nothing. Pour away the soup. It’s not going to be a peaceful day today,” he said nonchalantly before turning around to leave.
That’s it? He’s not going to trace the culprit? He’s just going to let things be? 
Sasha couldn’t believe her eyes. 
Because this man was never a generous person. Especially after splitting into this personality, he would always find fault with this family! 
On top of that, he would not show them any mercy too. 
Sasha was feeling anxious. 
In fact, after the family banquet, the man was peaceful for the next two days without making any suspicious movements. 
Also, ever since Jonathan moved in, whenever he went to Sebastian, he was cooperative as well. 
Does it mean he has finally thought it through? 
Sasha felt slight relieved upon seeing this. 
Until the noon of the third day, when he was teaching Stephen about the assets of the Jadesons in the study, he suddenly fainted without any symptoms. 
“Sebastian? Sebastian!” 
Stephen yelled in shock. 
A few minutes later, when Sasha and Jonathan rushed into the study, Sebastian had lost his consciousness completely. 
And his lips were purple. 
“Has he been poisoned?”
Upon seeing the scene, the first thought that came to her was this. 
Jonathan’s face turned pale when heard her words. 
Two hours later, in the General Hospital, Grayson gave his answer. It was indeed poisoning from the drugs. The most prominent symptom of the drugs was hemolysis shock. 
“He hasn’t been poisoned for a long time. I checked his blood, it should be around three days. We can make it.” 
Grayson left hastily after saying that. 
Sasha, Jonathan and the rest were left standing there for a long time. The corridor felt creepy. 
Drugs! 
For a person who was recuperating at Jonathan’s Oceanic Estate, it seemed like a joke that he had been poisoned by drugs. 
It was an irony that Sebastian who lived in Jonathan’s well-guarded private estate was poisoned under his eyes. Jonathan was known to be the marshal rivaling all the dark sides and the underworld. 
A murderous rage washed over Jonathan. 
Similarly, Sasha was stunned as if struck by lightning upon hearing the results. She lost all her thoughts within a second. 
So this is the truth! 
It turned out that after being anxious for days, he let go of those people not because he thought things through.
Instead, he used a lunatic way to take revenge on them. As if a devil, since they were going to poison him, he did it on himself instead. Then, he even drugged himself using the one thing the military family hated the most. 
The goal was to root out every single one of them and force them into extinction! 
This lunatic. Is he crazy? Does he know how potent is that thing? Is he wasting his life for the sake of revenge? 
Sasha was trembling all over. 
Tears were rolling down from her eyes from rage and heartache. 
After another three long hours, Grayson finally came out. 
“Ms. Wand…” 
“Dr. Wallen, how… how is he doing? Tell me honestly. That thing, how much damage…will it have on his body?” 
Upon seeing Dr. Wallen, another tide of tears gushed out. 
Grayson sighed seeing this. “I don’t know what to say. How have you been taking care of him? How can you let anyone drug him? Those drugs are not ordinary poisons. Don’t you know they are addictive?” 
“…” 
With just a sentence, Sasha felt like she had fallen into a deep crevice of a glacier. 
It was not because she overlooked him. 
But he was the one who drugged himself.
Sasha gradually fell to the ground as she cried. While holding her head, it was all grey and gloomy in front of her for a long time. 
… 
At Jade Court. 
When Candice and Connor arrived here hurriedly, Jonathan had already detained Jocelyn. Jared was standing aside, but he didn’t dare to make any sound. 
###Chapter 777
Chapter 777
This is…? 
Candice had a bad premonition when she saw the situation. 
“Dad, Uncle… Uncle Jonathan. What’s happening?” Candice asked as she musked up her courage. 
But to her surprise, right after she spoke, an adjutant of Jonathan switched on the TV that was moved out. 
Afterward, the party scene at the Oceanic Estate appeared on the screen. The scene where a silhouette had sneaked into the kitchen and put something into the soup that was on the stove, was played clearly. 
“Uncle Jonathan!” 
Connor was a wimp. When he saw this, he quickly kneeled in front of Old Mr. Jadeson. He was so fast that Candice couldn’t even catch him. 
Upon seeing this, Jonathan clenched his teeth with rage! 
“How dare you guys! I spent all my efforts resolving your conflicts. But even in my territory, you guys tried to harm my grandson.” 
“No…No, Uncle Jonathan. That day we… we thought you were not going to help us. We were afraid that he was going to attack us. We weren’t in our right mind when we thought of the idea.” 
“Uncle Jonathan, we didn’t do it on purpose. We didn’t want his life either. We only wanted to punish him a little so that he won’t touch us anymore.”
In order for Old Mr. Jadeson to let go of him, this man even said such words at the end. 
Sadly, that was the truth. 
That day, the poison they put in the soup was not to kill Sebastian. Instead, it was for him not to cause any more chaos. 
They wouldn’t dare to take his life at Oceanic Estate. 
However, Old Mr. Jadeson suddenly laughed upon hearing him. 
“Punishment? You mean this?” He threw something over. 
Connor froze in his tracks and looked in that direction. After a while, when he finally saw what the thing was, he yelled uncontrollably, “No… this was not the thing I gave. It’s not!” 
Screaming with all his might, it sounded like a ghost’s scream had filled the entire Jade Court. 
Candice was stunned too. 
She was the mastermind so she knew clearly that this was not her intention. 
But why did the poison turn into this? Also, if he were really poisoned by our drug, it would have taken effect on the day itself instead of three days. So what is the truth behind this? 
The woman was still shocked at the turn of events. When she finally thought of a possibility, her face turned pale and she trembled all over. 
This lunatic! 
“I’ve told you. We, the Jadesons, were in the military for generations. We will not ask for your contributions to the country, but you should never ever have done something illegal. But you two dare to
touch something like this? Who gave you the guts to do that!” 
The whole Jade Court buzzed with the roar of his anger. 
Upon seeing this situation, Candice couldn’t care less about saving herself and kneeled. “Uncle Jonathan, it was our fault. But we would never touch this. Please believe us.” 
“Believe you?” Jonathan sneered. 
He waved his hands, and two of his guards came in swiftly. And together with them, was a man who was detained by them. 
That person fell onto the ground lifelessly after seeing Connor. 
“You’ve seen it? Have you seen him?” 
“…” 
“Let me tell you. Devin and the others couldn’t find any lead even after spending half a year risking their lives on the investigation. This is the latest model, even those people couldn’t get their hand on it yet. What is he trying to do? Huh? You b*stard!” 
Jonathan growled furiously, he then drew his gun out and fired a shot at each of Connor’s arms. 
“Ahhhhh!” 
The Jade court was once again filled with horrifying cries. 
But this time it was Connor! 
Candice was dumbfounded. Never had she ever thought that her younger brother would hide such a big secret from her.
This b*stard. 
Candice trembled all over. She didn’t beg for forgiveness; instead, her body went limp and slumped on the ground. 
Indeed, nothing could be more heartbreaking than this. 
Devin was part of the Jadesons. His main duty in the military was to lead the elite troops in arresting criminals who were disrupting the orders of the country. They fought with their lives and there was always a risk that they may not even make it home every time they went on a mission. 
But Connor? 
He was also a Jadeson, but he became the most unforgivable criminal for his gain. 
In the end, both Connor and Candice were brought away together with Jocelyn, the accomplice. Since then, Jared’s side was left with no one besides the two young sons who only knew how to live lavishly. 
… 
Sebastian woke up that night. 
The hospital gave him medication but because it was a new drug, the effect was not as strong. Thus, it took some time before he woke up. 
But it clearly didn’t affect the fact that someone gave him a slap right away! 
“What are you doing?” 
Instantly, having just awakened, a hint of darkness rose in the pair of cloudy eyes. 
However, this person had no fear.
She walked over and looked down at him expressionlessly. “I’m waking you and myself up. Sebastian, am I masochistic? Why am I spending my efforts on someone who doesn’t want to live?” 
###Chapter 778
Chapter 778
“Then you can get lost now!” 
Sebastian finally found out about her true color; his handsome face turned cold as he roared wrathfully. 
Sasha nodded her head and said, “Yeah, I’m about to get out. I waited here just to tell you one thing. Sebastian, I hope you’ll still be alive the next time when I come here.” 
With that, she turned and left. 
Sebastian was beyond exasperated as he tossed the overbed table to the floor. 
“Macy West, don’t you come back then!” 
Even though Sasha had walked far from the ward, she could still hear his roar. She twitched her lip, displaying a bitter smile on her pale little face. 
Yes, I won’t come back. Not for a while. 
Walking out of the hospital, she spotted Karl waiting outside in his car. 
“Madam, have you told him everything?” 
“Yes,” Sasha replied with a grim look before getting into the car. 
Having noticed that, Karl did not ask further questions. He started the car and left. Back at Karl’s newly rented apartment, Sasha dragged her packed luggage out. 
“Madam, how long will you be leaving this time?”
“At least three months, perhaps. I have to take out some of the screws in my body. I reckon it will take this much time for my face to recover fully.” 
Sasha replied while she held up Vivian who had already finished packing as well. 
When Vivian heard that Sasha would repair her face, she clapped inside the latter’s embrace. 
“Yay, I’ll be able to see beautiful Mommy again! Mommy, please become prettier than before.” Vivian looked at Sasha’s face seriously while uttering in a childish voice. 
Sasha let out a smile while rubbing Vivian’s little nose. 
Karl was delighted. After all, it was good news that his madam would regain her beauty. 
But, if she’s not here, what will happen to Mr. Hayes? Even though Jared’s family may not be able to stir up any more trouble after getting defeated by Mr. Hayes, no one can guarantee that there’ll be no other crisis. 
After hesitating, Karl cast another question before Sasha left the house. “Then… what should we do with Mr. Hayes when you’re away?” 
“What do you mean? His behavior was completely unacceptable! Let him clear his mind and repent his own mistake. So many people had sacrificed to save him. Some even threw away their lives for him. He should appreciate his life more.” 
Sasha was still enraged when they talked about this matter. 
That was exactly why she had decided to leave this place so abruptly. 
She was truly scared as she never thought this man would fall into such a state of madness after his disorder.
Last time it was Heron Hill, and now it happened again at Oceanic Estate. Why couldn’t he just live in peace? Did he not realize how difficult it is to have his life back? 
Sasha got overwhelmed with frustration. 
Upon seeing that, Karl quickly comforted her. “You’re right, Madam. I agree with you. He has crossed the line this time. Even till now, I cannot figure where he got those drugs from?” 
“Even you don’t know?” Sasha’s expression turned grim instantly. 
Karl nodded, as he truly had no idea. 
Not to mention, what scared him the most was that Sebastian knew those stuff came from Connor. 
Connor was one of the Jadesons; yet, Devin failed to discover that after investigating for so long. 
How did he know about it then? 
Plus, even till now, he failed to figure out how Charles got killed in the detention chamber. 
“There is only one possibility!” 
“What?” 
“He has someone outside.” 
Startled in bewilderment, Sasha’s eyes flashed with fury. 
Karl was left speechless as well, unable to speak for a few seconds. 
“He’s either pretending to be insane, or he has someone who helps him from the outside. Maybe it’s Calvin who is still missing or even his current personality that consists of all the plans for revenge. These
plans include all the material supplies from the previous character, such as his original fund account.” 
Sasha was analyzing again. 
As she mentioned the first possibility, the thought of it made her so infuriated till her fingers squeezed her luggage handle forcefully. 
Upon seeing that, Karl immediately denied the possibility. 
“The first hypothesis is impossible. If he is faking it, he would have discovered you based on how well he knew you. Then he would have never let you stay in such a dangerous place like Oceanic Estate.” 
“What do you mean?” 
Sasha could not wrap her head around it for a brief moment. 
Karl explained again in detail, “Mr. Hayes will never put you in danger. Do you remember how he insisted on divorcing you by all mean?” 
Sasha froze on the spot. 
Finally, there was nothing she could say. 
Yes. In order to stop me from getting involved in the war with the Jadesons, he tried so hard to keep his distance from me. 
###Chapter 779
Chapter 779
Although he always loathes me and speaks ill of me every now and then at Oceanic Estate, he has never chased me out. He even took the liberty of bringing in my daughter. 
Sasha was overwhelmed with disappointment. 
“If so, then conduct a thorough investigation into his funding account. By the way, if you’re worried, you can ask Sabrina to take care of him.” 
“Ms. Sabrina?” Karl was stunned momentarily. 
Sasha nodded. 
“Yes. Since he is addicted to drugs, Jonathan will force him to rehab. No one would be able to reach him during this period, so you don’t need to worry. But if you really can’t stop worrying, we can let Sabrina stay with him when she comes over.” 
Sasha explained the whole situation to Karl patiently. 
Not to mention, this was also the reason why she decided to recover her face in such a hurry. 
As Karl finally comprehended the situation, his worry faded right away, and he left with his luggage. 
If I want Sabrina to come over, I’ll just need to ask the favor from Devin. 
With that, Sasha left with her child. 
Two days later, Sabrina arrived at Jadeborough.
As usual, she was dressed stylishly in a one-shoulder top, displaying her fair and beautiful collarbone, with a short black leather skirt below. Along with her gothic makeup, her wild sexiness caught massive attention from people around her. 
It caught Devin’s attention as well. 
He furrowed his brows with slight displeasure upon seeing her overdone makeup and her excessive pieces of metal jewelry. 
“Devin, you’re here!” 
Sabrina was beyond excited to see him as she waved at him among the crowd and shouted. 
Devin was rendered speechless by that. 
As he tried hard to suppress his embarrassment, he walked over and asked, “How’s the journey? Is everything okay?” 
Letting out a smile, Sabrina tossed her luggage to Devin. “Not bad. But Solomon didn’t want to let me go. I actually sneaked out while he was not around.” 
Devin gulped in response. 
Naturally, Devin, who grew up in a traditional and strict family, was not particularly impressed by Sabrina’s unrestrained behavior. 
He felt a lady should be more well-behaved and disciplined. 
Yet, she was everything he thought a lady should not be. 
As Devin noticed Sabrina was about to hug his arm, he deliberately walked faster
“Hurry up. Let’s go see your brother.” 
A dark expression loomed over Sabrina’s face as she stared at the man in front of her who was walking away coldly. 
After so many years, he still keeps his distance from me! 
Helplessly, she caught up with his pace, and both of them headed to the city center of Jadeborough. 
“By the way, how’s Sebastian? Why does he get addicted to drugs suddenly? Is he all right now?” 
Sabrina asked her first question abruptly while they were on the road. 
She still cared about her brother after all. 
Devin furrowed his brows. “He was set up by others, and his condition is not so promising. His mood has been terrible these two days. Plus, his addiction is getting out of hand. Thus, almost no one dares to enter his room now.” 
“What?” 
At that moment, Sabrina’s expression changed totally. 
Is it that serious? 
Her eyes filled with exasperation instantly. “How does your grandfather take care of him? If he doesn’t care, why does he want to keep Sebastian? I can take care of him myself!” 
She sounded extremely arrogant as usual. 
Upon hearing that, Devin lifted his head and glanced into the rearview mirror.
That was indeed the only thing that he admired of her. Regardless of how arrogant and proud she was, she had never forgotten that she was one of the Hayes. 
She was a responsible woman and she always wanted to protect her loved ones. 
Devin swiftly cleared his thought. “It was only an accident. Grandpa treated him quite well.” 
“Really?” 
Sabrina found it hard to believe. 
However, she did not further push on the subject as she took out her phone. 
Sasha texted: Are you there already? 
Utterly pissed, Sabrina texted back: Yes! 
By that time, Sasha was getting ready for her facial recovery surgery in Jetroina. Seeing Sabrina’s reply, she could imagine the latter’s foul mood. 
With that, she let out a smile. 
Sasha texted again: What’s wrong? Are you not happy that I arranged your crush to fetch you? 
Feeling utterly offended, Sabrina replied: Bullsh*t! Who tells you that he’s my crush? He’s been kicked out of my list. He’s nobody to me now! 
Sasha was rendered speechless as she thought in her heart. 
How could this woman change her heart so quickly? 
The doctor came in just when Sasha wanted to text again to ask about Sebastian.
“Nancy, I’ve checked the scar on your face. Even though it got a little inflamed under the mask, it won’t affect the recovery.” 
A clean-looking gentleman walked in and displayed a faint smile. 
###Chapter 780
Chapter 780
Putting down the phone, Sasha let out a confident smile. 
“All right. Let’s go in the operating theater then.” 
Solomon was somehow amused upon seeing her reaction. 
Soon, two nurses came in and escorted Sasha into the operating theater. As such, the doctor who he hired from overseas began performing the recovery surgery. 
Bzz… 
All of a sudden, the phone that Sasha left behind rang. 
Solomon lowered his head and took a glance at the screen. 
Sabrina texted: But I don’t understand this. Do I look that bad? Why does he always treat me like this? I feel like killing him! 
Sabrina gave vent to her frustration as she stared at the man in front of her who was driving. 
A message came in Sabrina’s WhatsApp account in less than two minutes. 
Solomon texted: Why don’t you give it a try? 
Sabrina texted back: … 
The f**k? Who the h*ll do you think you are? What does this have anything to do with you?
Sabrina was beyond pissed by that. 
Nevertheless, regardless of how angry she was, she dared not express her rage to Solomon. In the end, she turned off her phone angrily. 
You bast*rd! I’ll sort you out after I’m back! 
With a foul mood, Sabrina was brought to Oceanic Estate located at the city’s center. 
“Mr. Devin, are you back already?” 
After they got out of the car, Devin brought Sabrina right to the entrance of Oceanic Estate. “Yes. Where’s Old Mr. Jadeson?” 
Upon hearing that question, the guard let out a bitter smile while pointing at the jeep inside. It had been parked there for days. 
Devin was rendered speechless upon seeing that. 
After hesitating for a while, he cast a glance at Sabrina. “Let’s go. He’s in there.” 
“Okay.” 
Even Sabrina would not dare to misbehave in such a place. 
The place was so huge that the Hayes Residence was only as big as its yard. That gave Sabrina felt the pressure as she followed Devin cautiously. 
“Get lost…” 
But the moment they walked into the huge castle, a furious and scary voice echoed from upstairs. Sabrina’s heart skipped a beat upon hearing that.
“Is that…” 
“That’s him. I guess his addiction is recurring. Let me check on him first. Please wait here.” Upon saying that, Devin rushed into the elevator. 
At that moment, Sabrina was taken aback. 
Is that Sebastian? How did he become like this? 
She felt as though a thousand needles were stabbing through her heart. The next second, she left behind her luggage and rushed upstairs. 
A few minutes later, Sabrina reached upstairs and was greeted by an even more terrifying scene. She could not believe what she saw. 
“Hold him down! Don’t let him move!” 
A cold, emotionless voice came from inside the room as Sabrina froze in front of the elevator. At that instant, a few men in black rushed into the room. 
In the next second, there was another desperate shriek appearing. 
“Get away from me!” 
That made her heart fall with a thud. 
At that moment, old memories came flashing back in her mind. 
It was also a locked room from outside, and a little boy was held down by a group of men. The little boy was struggling helplessly and crying loudly. 
But his strength was nothing in comparison with those men.
As those men were grabbing him, one of them inserted some pills along with water into his mouth. 
“Ahem, ahem… Don’t… I’m not sick… Please stop…” 
Sabrina could never forget that particular scene. 
She was hiding below the window, looking at those pair of helpless eyes staring at her. Yet, she did not dare to do anything. 
In the end, she ran away secretly. 
That was the nightmare that would taunt her for life. 
Hence, that was why she chose to wear a mask to disguise the pain in her heart, as she treated him cold-heartedly ever since. 
As a matter of fact, she was too guilty to face him honestly. 
At that moment, tears began welling up in her eyes. Before Devin could see Sabrina, she had already run over to his side. 
“Let go of my brother! Let him go now!” 
Sabrina had lost her mind as the scene in front of him looked exactly like the room back then. 
The next moment, she sent one of them flying with a kick. 
Everyone froze on the spot, including Jonathan. 
However, Sabrina had no intention to stop her violence as she saw two other men still grabbing her brother. She immediately cast a kick and brought down the two subordinates of Jonathan. 
This woman is crazy!
Upon seeing that scene, Devin was stunned momentarily. 
###Chapter 781
Chapter 781
At that moment, Jonathan’s face was devoid of expression. 
Nonetheless, Sabrina could not care less about what others might think of her. After she finally brought down all those men, she jumped toward the man in the bed and hugged him tightly. 
“Sebastian, how do you feel? Don’t worry. I’m here. I won’t let them bully you anymore. I’m here to take you home.” 
At that moment, Sabrina stared at Sebastian’s pale look and his body covered in wounds. 
She felt a knife stabbing through her heart as her eyes brimmed with tears. She lowered her body, trying to get him up. 
“Miss, what’re you trying to do? You can’t move him…” 
“Take her away now!” 
Jonathan shouted furiously as he ordered his men to take Sabrina down. 
Only then did Devin come to his senses. 
“Grandpa, please don’t be mad. She is Sabrina, Sebastian’s sister from the Hayes. Maybe she doesn’t comprehend the situation. She got all emotional after hearing Sebastian’s cry.” 
Devin immediately tried to ease the tension while secretly cursing in his heart. 
What the h*ll does she think she is doing?
To his relief, even though Jonathan was still mad after hearing the explanation, he did not further insist on sending Sabrina away. 
“Who allowed her to come up here?” 
“Sorry. I’ll take her away right now!” 
Devin was indeed a fast-witted man. As he noticed Jonathan’s enraged tone, he swiftly rushed toward Sabrina, who was grabbing Sebastian’s arms and seized her. 
“What’re you doing? Let go of me! I want to take him away from this place!” Sabrina, who was overwhelmed with her emotions, struggled fiercely. 
Devin was stumped by her reaction. 
Unable to collect himself, he cast a furious glare at her. “Are you out of your mind? They’re trying to save him. He refused to let the doctor inject him with medicine. That’s why Grandpa ordered his men to hold him down!” 
Sabrina was left without retort. 
After a long while, she calmed down a little and finally let go of Sebastian’s arm. As such, she followed Devin out. 
I have enough of this woman! 
It took a couple of hours before everything went back to normal. 
By then, Sabrina, who had cleared her thoughts, realized how inappropriate her behavior was earlier. She sat on the couch in the hall, with her heart utterly worried. 
“Devin, will your grandfather chase me out?”
“You don’t have to worry…” 
Devin indeed had a good temper. Even at this point, he could still bear with her patiently. 
Upon hearing that, Sabrina let out a sigh of relief. 
As they were waiting, a young lady suddenly emerged from outside. She was carrying bags of stuff in her arms, panting heavily. 
“Kira? Did you go and buy groceries again?” As soon as Devin noticed the lady, he rose from his seat and walked toward her. 
Kira was the one that Jonathan hired as a chef in Oceanic Estate after their family banquet. 
Needless to say, she was delighted to see Devin. 
“Yes. Grandpa says he wants to eat steak. So I went to buy some, along with some fresh vegetables. Devin, you’re going to stay for dinner too, right?” 
Kira replied gently as she handed over the stuff in her hands to Devin. 
Upon hearing that, Devin let out a smile. 
His smile was so gentle that even Sabrina got startled by it. 
She had never seen such a warm smile from him. 
He sometimes smiled at Sabrina too, but it was out of courtesy. Even though his face was smiling, Sabrina could sense the coldness in his eyes and the distance between them. 
I wonder who this lady is? 
With that, Sabrina got up and went into the kitchen too.
“Devin, who is she? Don’t you want to introduce her to me?” As usual, Sabrina cut to the chase. 
Devin turned his head while furrowing his brows. 
He was somehow reluctant to introduce his cousin. 
“She… is my cousin. Her name is Kira. She’s a chef at Oceanic Estate.” 
“I see. So she’s a relative.” 
Upon hearing that, Sabrina heaved a sigh of relief. 
Since they’re blood related, I don’t need to worry. 
Sabrina was about to get back to her couch. 
Just then, Kira noticed Sabrina’s existence as she shifted her gaze toward the latter whose style was more fashionable than her. 
With that, her heart skipped a beat. 
“Devin, who is she by the way?” 
“She is Sabrina, Sebastian’s sister from the Hayes. She came here to look after Sebastian.” 
It was evident that Devin showed more patience toward Kira. 
At that moment, a concern suddenly caught up in his mind. Sabrina is so arrogant and attention-seeking. I wonder if she would give Kira trouble if both of them were to stay here together. 
After all, he was fully aware of how difficult it was to please the daughter of the Hayes.
Indeed, Kira went pale upon finding out Sabrina’s identity. 
So she’s a wealthy heiress. No wonder she has such a domineering aura in her look and aura. And her behavior is so generous and elegant. 
At that instant, Kira suddenly thought humbly of herself. 
###Chapter 782
Chapter 782
“Devin, I agree with your cousin. You must come over more often for dinner. Otherwise, I’ll get into trouble left on my own.” 
“You still get into trouble?” 
“I still do. I almost did just now, didn’t I?” 
Sabrina stroked her hair and smiled awkwardly. 
Devin agreed in silence. 
It was like the sun rising in the west. Sabrina Hayes who had never ever admitted to her own faults, actually confessed that she got into trouble. 
Finally, Devin hurriedly grunted in reply and left. 
Sabrina followed and caught up with him. “Say something! What do you mean by that? I tell you, if you are not here, I really can’t promise to not provoke your Grandpa with my temper.” 
Devin was silent. 
For a long time, Kira stood at the kitchen door, without moving an inch, watching the two of them. 
Her face was a shade of white. 
She knew full well that the secret love she kept in her heart would never be reciprocated. Their status in society was too far apart from each other.
Yet, whenever she saw him with other women, talking, laughing and then leaving with them, she felt a sharp pain in her heart like it was being cut with a knife. It was so painful that she could hardly breathe. 
Why did fate deal her such a cruel blow? 
She went back into the kitchen like a robot… 
When Jonathan came down, Devin was already outside his study, waiting for him with Sabrina. 
“Grandpa, how is Sebastian?” 
“What else? This is just the first two days, it’s going to be tough!” 
Jonathan had just come down from upstairs. Tired as he was, seeing the woman beside his grandson, he replied impatiently. 
When Devin saw this, he hurriedly tried to pacify both parties. “Sabrina didn’t know any better so she was impulsive. Don’t be angry, Grandpa. She called me and offered to take care of him. That’s why she is here since she knows that our family members do not know his daily routine and habits.” 
He put it so beautifully. 
Sabrina cast him a sidelong glance and she was pleased to see this man by her side, speaking so well of her on her behalf. 
So, she smiled happily. 
Jonathan asked, “Why are you smiling?” 
Sabrina shook her head: “It’s nothing, Old Mr. Jadeson. To express my apologies, may I invite you for a drink? How about Yellow Dune Chardonnay from Shanty Town?”
“What did you say?” Frederick’s eyes widened questioningly. 
Devin felt as if his heart was beating at top speed and for a long time, he felt that his limbs were completely cold! 
What is she up to? Devin was dumbfounded. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, don’t you remember Shanty Town? When you were at war, you liked the wine there very much.” 
Jonathan was speechless. 
“However, there is no more winery there since it is now a metropolis. Therefore, the few bottles of Yellow Dune Chardonnay I kept may be limited edition, and it may be what you drank back then.” 
Sabrina frowned as she tried to recollect the exact year the wine was made. 
Finally, the moment she finished talking, the old man immediately banged the table and got up all excited. 
“Are you certain?” 
“Absolutely certain, Old Mr. Jadeson, to be honest with you, I have a wine cellar and a good collection too, because I love drinking. Stuff like Yellow Dune Chardonnay, Lugyanger Bianca, Dom Zerignon… Oh, yes, there is one with a strange name, in a green glass bottle, but it doesn’t taste so good, I’m going to throw it away.” 
“Don’t you dare!” Jonathan cursed aloud, “You brainless fool, that’s Jasper Yale! It’s no longer in production!” 
There was total silence.
In the study, one could hear a pin drop. 
As for Devin, he gaped as he stared at the woman as if he had seen a ghost. It was like he didn’t know her. 
Is she speaking the truth? 
Why don’t I know anything about this? 
The truth was that he never took the time to understand this woman. 
Talking about Sabrina Hayes… 
Sabrina was the daughter of the Hayes family. She was neither uneducated nor ignorant. On the contrary, she had been in charge of the Hayes Corporation for several years. She must have had considerable skills and intellect to shoulder such a heavy responsibility. 
She must also own a considerable amount of properties and possessions. 
When Devin recovered from his shock, Sabrina and Jonathan were already on the observation tower. 
Not long afterward, a car drove up with the two bottles of wine which were still stained with dust. They were brought in and carried up to the observation tower. 
“This is genuine Yellow Dune Chardonnay. Well, little girl, I have really underestimated you.” Jonathan recognized the wine instantly. Right there and then, his eyes were filled with amazement at the young girl standing before him. 
Sabrina laughed. 
Bringing out two glasses, she filled one for each of them.
“Old Mr. Jadeson, you have exaggerated. When my brother was still young, I had to help Dad take care of the family business. Hence, it is expected that I own some collection like these. So, this glass of wine…” 
She raised the glass of wine. 
Seeing that, Jonathan picked up his glass as well. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, with this glass of wine, I show you my respect. My brother has a bad temper; hence, he might offend you as a newcomer. However, my dear sir, please overlook his faults for the sake of the Hayes family who has nurtured and brought him up. 
It was so unexpected of this young woman to speak as if she was the head of the Hayes family. 
Jonathan was stunned. 
As for Devin, who was standing nearby, he literally gaped and stared at her with an incredulous expression on his face. 
Has she gone mad? 
She had dared to speak as if she was the head of the Hayes family and even mentioned that the Hayes nurtured and brought up Sebastian. 
Devin regretted agreeing to bring her here. 
###Chapter 783
Chapter 783
“You are extremely daring. Even if your father were alive, he would not dare to speak like this in my presence!” 
Finally, Jonathan spoke his mind. 
He had lifted the glass of wine and his gaze was cold. His countenance was obviously unpleasant. 
Sabrina saw that but she was undaunted. 
“You are wrong. If my Dad were alive, he would have said the same words. At that time, he risked his life, knowing he could be killed anytime to save my brother and his mother. So, doesn’t he have the right to say those words to you?” 
She was all smiles as she raised her glass and clinked it with Jonathan’s. 
Jonathan was too shocked to reply. 
Devin was shocked speechless. 
They had seen lots of fearless women. For example, two of the Jadeson women, Candice and Tiffany were daring and unafraid of disputes and controversies. 
However, at this moment, as they encountered Sabrina’s spunk, they realized that none of them could match up to her dominant temperament! 
The Jadesons’ family members were courageous because they were under the umbrella of the Jadesons.
The woman in front of them was arrogant because of who she was. 
Jonathan finally lowered his eyes, laughed and without saying anything more, drank the wine from his glass. 
Seeing his reaction, Sabrina drank hers too heartily. 
Devin watched the scene in amazed wonderment. 
He had really underestimated this woman in the past. 
After finishing the two bottles of wine, everything was settled and Jonathan forgave Sabrina. It was because of these two bottles of wine and her wine cellar that she successfully stayed on at Oceanic Estate. 
“Let her live in the bedroom where that doctor used to stay.” 
“Yes, Grandpa .” 
Immediately, Devin went over to help the drunk woman to her room. 
Suddenly, Sabrina shook her finger in Devin’s face. “No, I want to live in my little brother, Sebastian’s place. I want.. to stay with him!” 
Devin was taken by surprise. 
Instantly, Jonathan’s countenance changed. He was rather afraid of letting her live there. 
Immediately, he supported her and led her away. 
“Devin, is Ms. Hayes drunk? Would you like me to take her?”
Right at the door of the lift, Kira suddenly appeared. Seeing her cousin, Devin helping the tipsy Sabrina, she rushed over to hold her in place of him. 
As a man, how can he just hold a woman this way? 
Kira’s hands were stretched out towards her… 
“Hold it!” The totally drunk and red-faced Sabrina suddenly opened her eyes. 
“What are you trying to do? I… I don’t want you to touch me. I don’t want your support. I want him to support me.” 
Sabrina pushed away Kira’s hands and looked at Devin with drunken eyes. Then she put both arms around his neck. 
Devin reacted in shock! 
He nearly dropped the inebriated drunk down onto the floor. 
Watching the scene close by, Kira’s face turned white and flames of fury burned in her eyes. 
“Ms. Hayes, you…” 
“Devin, you are so good-looking. Why don’t you like me? I really like you so much. Is it because I am not pretty? Or do you think my family is not worthy of you?” 
Sabrina was completely drunk and delirious. After she put her arms around his neck, she confessed her love for him openly. 
Instantly, every housemaid turned to look at her, gaping and wide-eyed including Kira. 
Oh, my goodness!
This woman is gutsy! She has openly confessed her love for Mr. Jadeson! 
Devin’s countenance turned. “Sabrina, what are you saying? You’re drunk!” 
“No, I’m not drunk. I… I really like you and you… you knew it too.” Sabrina giggled and lifted her face to kiss him. 
She has gone too far! 
Kira’s whole body trembled! 
Is this really a daughter of a wealthy family? 
How could she be so shameless? Right here in public, she behaves in such a way towards a man. Is this the teaching of the Hayes? 
Kira totally lost it. With one leap, she went forward and pulled Sabrina’s arms from Devin’s neck. 
“Kira?” 
“Devin, she’s drunk. Let me help her to her room!’ 
She became a totally different person, all her usual gentleness and coquettishness was gone. Her face was cold and frosty as she dragged Sabrina into the elevator. 
Devin frowned as he watched what was going on. 
Just a moment ago, when Sabrina was lustful and amorous, he had really wanted to drop her. 
However, seeing her being dragged into the elevator, he became worried if a girl like Kira would let her fall. If Sabrina fell down, what should he tell Sebastian when he woke up?
Devin watched for a while. 
After the elevator door shut, he turned around and went off. 
Oh, well. I don’t care. 
With that, Devin left Oceanic Estate 
What he did not know was that just after he left, Sabrina was dragged upstairs and thrown onto the bed by Kira the moment they went into the bedroom. 
“Why are you so shameless? Are all of you rich daughters like this? Go all out and get the man if you like him!” 
As Kira glared at her, her delicate little face was so full of anger that it looked terrifying. 
###Chapter 784
Chapter 784
However, Sabrina could no longer hear anything anymore. She was so drunk and was completely unconscious. 
When Kira saw that, she became even more furious. 
She stared at Sabrina’s arms. 
Those arms had gone around Devin’s neck, and she had even flirted with him. 
The jealousy within Kira was growing like a vine. She left and returned with a handful of sand. Then, she proceeded to rub Sabrina’s arms with it. 
“Mmm…” 
In her drunkenness, Sabrina could not help but groan in pain. 
Nonetheless, the high alcohol content in her system confused her mind and helped to numb the pain. All Sabrina did was moan twice. 
Thereafter, there was no more reaction. 
When that happened, Kira got even more infuriated, and she rubbed harder with great resentment. 
By the time she was done, Sabrina’s fair and smooth arms had become a bloody mess. 
Kira left. 
Before she left, she cleared up the place before closing the door.
“Ms. Kira, is Ms. Hayes all right?” 
When Kira went downstairs, the housemaids saw her and could not help but ask. 
She glanced at them coldly and said, “She’s asleep. If there’s nothing urgent, don’t disturb her.” 
After that, Kira went to the kitchen. 
There was not much that the housemaids could say with regard to that. 
The next day, Sabrina was woken up by the pain in her arms. 
“Ah!” 
She cried out in agony and saw that her arms were in a bloody mess. After one night, some of her blood had stained the bedsheet as well. 
Crap! 
It hurt so much that sweat broke out all over her forehead. 
What happened to me yesterday? 
How did my arms become like this? 
She struggled to get out of bed and went to open the door. “Help! I need help!” 
She was met with silence. Under Jonathan’s instruction, the housemaids were barred from coming into this floor. 
Sh*t!
When she realized what had happened, a curse word escaped from her mouth. There was no choice for her but to go upstairs. 
If she recalled correctly, there was a doctor in Sebastian’s room the previous day. 
Sabrina arrived upstairs. 
Thankfully, Sebastian was in a much better condition than the previous day. Furthermore, he had only just woken up. 
“Sebastian, you’re up. Quick, get your doctor to come and take a look for me. D*mn it! It hurts so bad. I have no idea what has happened. My arms…” 
The moment she saw him, it was like seeing her savior. 
Sebastian glanced at her indifferently. 
Who the hell is she? 
He could not remember. 
However, he had heard about what had happened the day before, so when his eyes went from her messy hair to her arms, his eyes narrowed. 
“What happened to you?” 
“What?” Sabrina looked at him and replied, “I have no idea. I got drunk last night. When I woke up, my arms are already in this state.” 
She looked at her arms in a daze. 
Sebastian said nothing.
He glanced at her like she was a fool and went to press a button by his bed. Soon, the doctor in charge of his rehabilitation arrived. 
“Mr. Sebastian, how can I help you?” 
Sebastian pointed at Sabrina without any expression before walking into the bathroom. 
It was only then the doctor looked at Sabrina. 
“Oh gosh! Ms. Hayes, what happened to your arms? How did they become like this?” Even the doctor was shocked to see the horrific injuries. 
Sabrina was getting tired of answering the question. “I don’t know.” 
The doctor remained quiet. 
After he took a look, the doctor applied some iodine to disinfect her wounds. Upon a closer look, he commented,” This looks like abrasions. Ms. Hayes, did you fall and hurt yourself?” 
“What?” 
Sabrina looked up once again. “Fall? No. I was drunk yesterday. When I woke up this morning, I was already laying in bed.” 
“Well, it looks like a fall. Then again, I’m not so sure. If it’s a fall, then your elbow and outer arm should be injured instead of your wrist.” 
The doctor eyed her injuries in puzzlement. 
Just then, Sebastian walked out from the bathroom, and upon hearing what the doctor had said, he came over as well.
For the past few days, he was not feeling that good because of his addiction issue. However, his mind was still as sharp as ever when he was awake. 
Sebastian stared quietly at her arms for a while. 
“Round scars… Interesting,” he sneered. 
Sabrina looked up immediately. 
“What do you mean? What’s a round scar?” 
“Can’t you see? When you got drunk last night, you must have placed your arms into the meat grinder,” said Sebastian sarcastically before leaving the room. 
###Chapter 785
Chapter 785
Sabrina had no idea what he was trying to do. All she could do was watch him leave. 
Meat grinder? 
Is he sick? Why would I put my own arms into the meat grinder? 
No matter how drunk I was, I would never do that! 
Ten minutes later, the doctor finished bandaging her wounds. She then quickly went downstairs. 
“Sebastian, where are you?” 
She was worried that he had gone away to other places. It would not be ideal if he suffered a relapse. 
Little did she expect to see him in her own room. 
“Sebastian, what are you doing here? Are you looking for something?” She walked in and saw that searching for something in particular. 
There was no answer from Sebastian. 
He walked to her bed and found some sand covered in blood under it. 
Sabrina went over and asked, “What’s this?” 
Still, there was no response from him.
He left with the sand in his hand. Not long after, Sabrina got to the third floor and saw that his bodyguards were already there. 
“Is there a CCTV outside the bedroom downstairs?” 
“No.” 
“Then check how she got back last night,” instructed Sebastian while pointing at Sabrina. After the walkabout, Sebastian was already feeling tired and began perspiring, so he sat down on a chair. 
His bodyguards had no idea what had happened. 
Still, since he ordered them to do so, they got down to work immediately. 
Sabrina was watching him by the side. After the guards left, she rushed over to him when she saw more and more beads of perspiration appearing on his forehead. 
“What’s wrong with you? Are you all right?” 
“Get out!” 
All of a sudden, his voice changed as it was a little hoarse and had a coldness that was different from before. 
Sabrina was taken aback. 
In that moment, she understood. Her face turned pale, and her fingers started trembling. 
Actually, she knew how it felt like to experience a relapse of drug addiction. 
When Sebastian came back and took over Hayes Corporation from her, she fell in love with a man as part of her revenge.
It turned out that the man was Hayes Corporation’s competitor, and in order to obtain confidential information about Hayes Corporation, that man injected her with drugs. 
That was her first time, and she would never forget the ordeal. 
Luckily, her dad rescued her on one condition that she never get involved with Hayes Corporation again. 
The second time had something to do with Sasha. 
When Sasha was abducted and brought to Jetroina, Sabrina was once again injected with the latest drug by Yancy whom she had never gotten along with since she was young. After which, she was to be sent off to Smealand. 
That time, she had nearly lost her life. 
If it were not for Devin and Sebastian, she would have been dead. 
Sabrina looked at Sebastian and saw the expression of pain starting to appear on that handsome face of his. She quickly ran to retrieve the first aid kit and started to rummage through it frantically. 
“Ms. Hayes, what are you doing?” 
“Where is the antagonist? Inject him with it now!” 
She started panicking. 
The doctor was surprised. 
He walked over to her and shut the medical kit. “Ms. Hayes, antagonists won’t work on him. Whatever that has been injected into him is the latest innovation. The only way he can overcome it is through his own willpower.”
“What? Willpower?” 
Sabrina, who was already distraught, started yelling. 
Willpower? 
How can anybody be expected to deal with such agonizing torture with just his own willpower? Is the doctor crazy? 
Sabrina did not believe a single word the doctor said, but shockingly, Sebastian, who was about to lose his clarity of mind, uttered two words through gritted teeth, “Get out!” 
Sabrina was stunned. 
She froze and looked at him in a daze. 
After a long while, it was with much anguish that she left the room. 
How can I save him this time? 
Sabrina squatted outside the room and felt as if she were in hell. She had no idea how long she was outside and listening to the painful howls of his. Her tears flowed, stopped, and started all over again. 
Even when the bodyguards came and looked for her, it was as if she could not hear them. 
“Ms. Hayes, we have already found out. It was Ms. Kira Woods who sent you back last night.” 
“What?” 
She gawked at them. 
After that, they handed her a phone. It showed the period when she came back the night before.
It was true that Devin’s cousin, Kira was the one who had sent her up to her room. The strange part was after settling Sabrina in the room, Kira went out again. 
By the time she came back, there was something in her hand. 
What’s that? 
A stunned look appeared on Sabrina’s face. Now, she understood what Sebastian had meant. She stared at the woman on the screen, and her eyes narrowed! 
Bloody b*tch! How dare she? 
###Chapter 786
Chapter 786
“Ms. Hayes, did you notice something?” the bodyguard asked when he realize she was staring intently. 
Sabrina didn’t reply. 
For a fleeting moment, she felt the urge to expose the perpetrator. Whoever dared to harm her had to pay. 
However, the thought of her suffering brother in the room behind them caused her to hold her tongue. Swallowing her words, her clenched fingers began to relax. 
“Mmm-hmm. I’m done with it. I might have fallen by accident as I had too much to drink yesterday.” 
“I see. In that case, please have a good rest.” 
The bodyguards didn’t suspect anything further after watching the video feeds. 
With that, they took their leave. 
As for Sabrina, she stayed back and waited for Sebastian to calm down in the room. 
She knew she had to endure whatever that was thrown at her. Only by doing so could she stay back and care for her brother. 
Feeling tormented, she took out her phone. 
Sabrina: How was your operation? Was it successful? 
A long while passed before a voice clip was received.
Sabrina put it on speaker. 
Sasha replied, “Yes it was. But, I can’t open my eyes yet. So, I’m sending you voice messages instead.” 
“That’s good. You should rest if it’s not convenient to talk.” 
Meanwhile, over at Jetroina, Sasha had her face bandaged and was barely able to speak. When she realized Sabrina was going to end their conversation, she quickly sent another recording over. “Wait, how are things at your end? Is your brother… all right?” 
Yes, how is he? It’s been five days since then. Will he be able to resist his addiction? 
As a doctor, Sasha was cognizant about how hard it was. Hence, she was extremely worried. 
However, she didn’t expect Sabrina to send her a voice message all of a sudden. 
“Sasha, will you sing a song with me?” 
Sasha was stumped. 
“Anything will do. Someone set me up in this wretched place. The f*cking Jadesons are terrible people. So, sing a song to comfort me please.” 
Together with the voice message, she attached a picture of her hands being wrapped with bandages. 
Sasha was outraged by the picture. 
Those animals! 
After taking a moment to calm down, Sasha brought up her phone and began to record a song, enduring the pain while singing. 
“Waiting for the time to pass you by, Hope the winds of change will change your mind…”
As Sasha’s therapeutic voice rang out from the phone, it felt as if she was holding one’s face and lifting one out of the dark abyss. 
Lifting one’s head, one could see and be captivated by how her eyes sparkled. 
Meanwhile, the roars in the bedroom gradually stopped. As Sebastian curled up on the ground like a trapped beast, he pricked his ears and began listening intently. 
It sounded familiar to him. 
In fact, it felt as if the most important person in the world to him was calling out gently to him. Encouraging him to stand up and continue moving forward to where she was waiting for him… 
“I could give a thousand reasons, but you’re going, 
and you know that…” 
“Sasha…” 
With his bloody lips, Sebastian finally called out her name before losing consciousness. 
After that, the room finally fell silent. 
That day was when his attack lasted the shortest. 
The doctor was thrilled by the progress. At the same time, Sabrina grabbed her phone from the window and rushed in when she realized how effective it was. 
…… 
Meanwhile, Kira was feeling unsettled over the last two days.
Worried about being found out, she didn’t dare to visit Oceanic Estate until she heard that Devin had returned. 
She gave the housemaid at Red Pavilion a call. “Has Devin gone to Oceanic Estate?” 
“Yes, he has. Ms. Kira, aren’t you going over? Mrs. Jadeson has been complaining that you haven’t been visiting Oceanic Estate lately.” 
The housemaid conveyed Jasmine’s thoughts. 
If it were any other time, Kira would have readily rejected it with a random excuse. 
But this time, Devin would be there. 
The thought of Sabrina throwing herself at Devin wantonly caused Kira to grab her bag and hurry out. 
Forty minutes later, she arrived at Oceanic Estate. When she saw the familiar olive-green jeep parked outside, her heart skipped a beat before she entered. 
“Ms. Kira, welcome.” 
“Mmm-hmm, where are Old Mr. Jadeson and the rest?” 
She didn’t dare to enquire about Devin. Hence, she asked about Jonathan instead. 
The housemaid pointed at the back of the castle. “They are at the training room. Mr. Hayes has been able to move in the last two days. Hence, Old Mr. Jadeson has begun his physical training gradually.” 
“Alright.” 
With that, Kira headed to the training room.
However, the moment she arrived, she was shocked to find Devin and Sabrina fighting tooth and nail inside instead of Sebastian. 
At the same time, Jonathan was watching excitedly by the side. 
###Chapter 787
Chapter 787
“Argh!” 
Inside the training room that was painted green, Sabrina was in sports attire and had tied her hair into a ponytail. She was not cowed by the belligerent atmosphere of the room. 
Instead, she was pushed back two steps after being hit by Devin. 
Gritting her teeth, she roared ferociously before springing off the ground and unleashing a whirlwind kick in Devin’s direction. 
What a fearsome attack! 
Jonathan gave her a look of admiration. 
As for Devin, he had not expected Sabrina to remain defiant despite being heavily pressured by him. The moment he saw her kick flying his way, the only thing he could do was to raise his hands to block. 
Finally, the fight went on for another ten minutes. 
Sipping coffee while watching, Jonathan casually remarked, “Frederick has raised his daughter very well.” 
Meanwhile, Sebastian sat expressionless by the side. 
He was utterly exhausted after doing twenty push-ups and running for twenty minutes. Given his current physical condition, that took the wind out of him. 
“Definitely better than you.”
Sebastian’s quip almost caused Jonathan to crush the cup he was holding. 
However, after shooting Sebastian a glare, he let the insult slide. 
After all, from all that had happened recently, it was obvious the Jadeson children paled in comparison to the Hayes. Although the members of the Hayes family were only a handful, Frederick had at least taught the siblings to support each other in times of crisis, never forgetting that they were family. 
Hence, Jonathan remained silent. 
After a while, Kira, who had been watching in the shadows, stepped out. 
“Granduncle.” 
“Hmm?” Jonathan turned around. “Kira? You’re finally here.” 
“Yes, I am. Sorry, I haven’t been able to cook here lately as I was busy at the White House.” 
Jonathan waved at her and gestured to come over. “Don’t worry about it. I’m glad to see you here. Come and have some coffee with me.” 
Kira was relieved to hear his response. After all, her cooking skills were her trump card. Hence, she wasn’t worried about Jonathan resenting her. 
She personally poured him a cup of coffee before settling on the small bench by his side. 
She pretended to look at the training ground in surprise and asked, “I didn’t know Ms. Hayes is such a formidable fighter.” 
“Haha, she’s a rare breed. But let me tell you, she’s an excellent fighter.” 
Jonathan didn’t hide his adoration for Sabrina at all.
As jealousy began welling up within her, Kira sharpened her gaze at Sabrina. 
Suddenly, she noticed an even icier gaze fall upon her. 
It felt as if something was crawling up on her back, sending a chill down her spine. In fact, she even spilled some of her coffee while she shuddered. 
“What’s wrong? Is it too hot?” Jonathan asked quizzically. 
Shaking her head anxiously, Kira recovered her gaze. “No… No, it’s not. I was just jolted by how ferocious their fight was.” 
“In that case, you should watch more of it. It’s not good for a lady to be lacking in courage,” Jonathan casually commented. 
Before she could even calm down, Kira was jolted by another disheartening comment. 
At the end of the day, Jonathan, who had spent his entire life in the military, preferred ladies who were valiant. 
Naturally, Kira’s resentment of Sabrina further intensified. 
After more than ten minutes, Sabrina could no longer continue. In the face of Devin’s impregnable defense, she finally gave up attacking and admitted defeat. 
“I give up. I can’t beat you.” 
Drenched in sweat, Sabrina dropped to the ground butt first and refused to get up. 
Devin was amused by the sight. 
To have been able to hold her ground against him for such a long time was by itself an achievement.
She had just learned how to fight for a couple of years while he had gone through specialized training and was the instructor of the army’s elites. Hence, there was no way she could best him in the first place. 
Devin offered his hand with a smile. “You did great. Get up now.” 
Sabrina didn’t reply. 
Drenched in sweat, Sabrina accepted Devin’s masculine hands and let him pull her up. 
“There’s no need to praise me. I know that you were holding back just now.” 
“No, I didn’t.” 
“Tsk!” 
Sabrina wasn’t bothered to argue any further. When both of them saw the spectators, Sabrina greeted Jonathan before moving over to Sebastian’s side. 
“Sebastian, how do you feel? Did the workout just now cause any discomfort?” 
“No.” Sebastian answered coldly. 
Sabrina smiled before joining the others for coffee. 
“Ms. Hayes, please have a seat and take a break.” Upon seeing Sabrina approach, Kira quickly got up and offered up her seat. 
###Chapter 788
Chapter 788
Shooting her a glance, Sabrina let out a faint smile. “Thank you, Ms. Woods.” 
Then, she brazenly sat down and picked up the cup of coffee Jonathan had personally poured her. 
At that very moment, Kira felt as if she was the maid when Sabrina took over her seat without batting an eyelid. 
Sabrina Hayes! 
After resting a while, everyone got up to leave as Sebastian wasn’t supposed to overexert himself. 
When they returned to the main building, Sabrina was about to return to Sebastian’s room with him before Jonathan called out to her, “Ms. Hayes, come to my study for a moment.” 
Sabrina, together with Sebastian, stopped in their tracks just when they were about to enter the elevator. 
Jonathan quickly explained, “It’s nothing important. I just want to chat about the wine. The rest of you should head on up. Devin, make sure Sebastian takes his meds.” 
After Jonathan’s reminder, Devin led Sebastian up while Sabrina followed Jonathan to his study. 
Wine? Didn’t I send him the wine he wanted yesterday? What’s there left to talk about? 
Inside, Sabrina gave Jonathan a puzzled look. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, do you really want to drink?” 
“No.” The moment they entered the study, Jonathan’s relaxed expression became stern.
Sabrina’s heart dropped in response. 
Hmm… In that case, why did he call me to his study? Is he going to ask me to leave? Can it be that he has found out about me teasing Devin when I was drunk on the first day I was here? 
Sabrina broke out in cold sweat. 
“I want to talk to you about where the three children are.” 
“What?” 
Sabrina was stunned by how sudden the question was. 
“Wh-whose children?” 
“Who do you think? Of course, I’m talking about Sebastian’s children, who happen to be my great- grandchildren!” Jonathan was peeved when he saw Sabrina playing dumb. 
Sabrina’s mind was blown. 
Why is he asking about this? When did he find out? No, wait. It’s understandable that he knows. The three of them were never hidden by Sebastian. In fact, the entire city of Avenport knows that the president of Hayes Corporation has three children. Therefore, it shouldn’t be a surprise at all. However, why is he asking about them now? After all, six months have passed since then. 
Unable to gather her thoughts, Sabrina looked at Jonathan and replied, “I… I don’t know where they are too. Before Sebastian’s accident, he had already sent them away.” 
“Sent them away? Did he not tell anyone?” 
After collecting herself, Sabrina explained, “No. He only told an assassin of his by the name of Calvin. However, Calvin disappeared after the incident at the nightclub. Despite our best efforts, we were unable
to locate him.” 
There was no way she was going to reveal the children’s location until Sebastian regained his memories. Moreover, she didn’t know what Sebastian’s arrangement was for them before the incident. 
Also, she wasn’t sure what Jonathan’s intentions were toward the kids. 
Will he take them away? It will be trouble if he does so as both Sebastian and Sasha will be in a weaker position within the Jadeson family. 
Consequently, Sabrina’s lips were sealed. 
Nevertheless, when Jonathan was reminded of what happened at the nightclub, his expression drastically changed. Finally, he didn’t press on with his questions. 
“I understand. I’ll look for Calvin as I don’t know how long it will take Sebastian to get back to himself.” 
“Alright.” 
Sabrina heaved a sigh of relief. 
Just when she was about to leave, Jonathan asked abruptly, “Do you have a picture of the children? Please show them to me.” 
“Huh?” 
At that moment, Sabrina’s heart began to race. 
How am I going to show him the pictures? He has already seen Vivi before. If I show it to him, wouldn’t it expose Sasha’s identity? 
Sabrina was trapped between a rock and a hard place.
If she was unable to show a single photo, it would naturally arouse Jonathan’s suspicions. 
“Sure. Hold on a moment while I find one.” Lowering her head to check her phone, she did a quick search and looked for the pictures that focused on the twin brothers. 
As for Vivian, she was mostly looking away or playing by the side. 
After that, Sabrina showed the pictures to Jonathan. 
“Here you go, these are the three of them.” 
“All right.” 
Jonathan took over the phone to look. 
Suddenly, the man, who was unfazed when he commanded the entire army in countless wars, trembled when he saw the pictures. 
Sabrina didn’t utter a word. 
After looking at them for a long time, Jonathan finally returned the phone reluctantly. 
“They are the spitting image of… him,” he choked as he held back his tears. 
###Chapter 789
Chapter 789
At the end of the day, he was nothing more than an ordinary man. The rumors stated that he was a cold- blooded father even after Shin’s death. 
But in truth, no one knew that he had spent a lot of time mourning in Shin’s study, usually for the entire night. 
Therefore, he was especially delighted to see the three children. 
As to whether he meant Sebastian or Shin when he made his comment, it was impossible to know. 
“That’s right. They do look very much like him. In Avenport, whoever sees them will immediately recognize them as Sebastian’s kids.” 
“Is that so? What about the little girl? Why can’t I find a clearer photo of her?” Jonathan questioned. 
Gripped by anxiety, Sabrina quickly thought of an excuse. “The little girl is mischievous and doesn’t like taking photos. Besides, I wasn’t in Avenport often.” 
“I see.” 
Jonathan let out a look of disappointment. 
However, he didn’t press the issue any further. 
Only then did Sabrina flee the study after the close shave. 
The moment she stepped out, she ran into Devin who had come to look for her after realizing she had been gone long. She grabbed onto his hand and quickly pulled him aside.
“What am I going to do? Your grandpa is asking about the three children.” 
“What?” 
Devin’s expression drastically changed. 
“What did you tell him?” 
“What else can I say? Given the perilous condition your family is in, it’s not even safe for my brother, let alone the children. I’m not confident the old man can protect them,” Sabrina answered in exasperation. 
Devin didn’t respond. 
Sabrina was right. Although Sebastian himself had done many things, Charles, Connor, and Candice were out for his blood. 
Furthermore, they had managed to deal him serious injury every time. 
The facts showed that Jonathan was unable to protect him. 
If an adult could fall into such a situation, what more three defenseless children. 
Devin sighed. “Fine. Just don’t say anything. I’ll continue to monitor his actions.” 
“Mmm-hmm. Just to cover my tracks, I had to mention Calvin just now. Hence, he may start looking for him. Since Calvin is Sebastian’s subordinate, I’m not sure what other secrets he holds. Hence, if he is found, I hope you can let me see him first,” Sabrina reminded him about Calvin. 
Devin nodded in acknowledgment. 
With that, he left Oceanic Estate.
After Devin’s departure, Sabrina was about to check on Sebastian before a vibrant-looking girl approach her. 
“Ms. Hayes, what were you discussing with Devin just now? Both of you seem happy talking about it.” 
Happy? 
The warmth in Sabrina’s face disappeared at once as she glared at Kira. “Have you been following us?” 
“No, I haven’t,” Kira denied with an innocent expression. 
“I just happened to pass by and was just asking casually. Ms. Hayes, please don’t misunderstand.” 
“What have I misunderstood?” 
Sabrina sneered, “This is where Old Mr. Jadeson stays and isn’t the main wing. If I recall correctly, no one is supposed to be here without his permission. Am I right?” 
“I…” 
Kira’s face was ashen while her eyes revealed a bout of panic. 
It was obvious to Sabrina but she didn’t care. 
“It doesn’t matter. You don’t have to hide the next time you watch us. After all, I fancy Devin and will seize all the opportunities to get close to him. Since you like to do it so much, I’ll call you over the next time he comes.” 
“You…” 
Finally, the provocation caused Kira to lose her temper.
“H-how can you be so shameless? You’re a single lady of a prominent family. How can you behave so inappropriately? Does your brother know this side of you?” 
Sabrina folded her arms as she continued taunting, “Of course he does. He is even aware that I went to the barracks to sleep with Devin.” 
Just as she spoke, Kira’s whole body began to tremble while her gentle eyes were filled with murderous intent. 
“Sabrina Hayes, you’re disgusting!” 
“Me, disgusting?” Sabrina stepped forward. “Who’s the one that’s truly disgusting here? At the very least, I’m honest about the fact that I like him. What about you?” 
Kira was speechless. 
“Have you told him about what you’re hiding inside here? Just because I threaded my hand around his arm, you cut my entire hand with sand. Doesn’t that mean you’ll kill me if I sleep with him?” 
Sabrina was as frightening as a demon as she jabbed her finger at Kira’s chest. 
Leaning closer to Kira’s face, she looked as if she had climbed out from hell and could see right through Kira’s soul. 
Kira shuddered in response. 
###Chapter 790
Chapter 790
Kira grimaced as she felt her entire being enveloped by fear. 
“Stop… stop spouting nonsense!” 
“Is it really nonsense?” Sabrina scoffed. 
Finally, Sabrina didn’t mince her words as she spoke into Kira’s ear. “Deep down, I’m sure you know I’m telling the truth. Today, I’ll let you off because I’m rushing for time. If this happens again, you should prepare to suffer the consequences for getting on my nerves!” 
She left when she was done. 
In truth, the entire city of Avenport was well aware of the dire consequences of offending Sabrina. In fact, she didn’t mind building the same reputation in Jadeborough itself. 
Sabrina returned to the third floor. 
The release of endorphins after exercise in a person’s body would help one relax and reduce the perception of pain. 
Therefore, Sabrina arrived in Sebastian’s room to find him asleep. 
“He is in good condition currently. Ever since his addiction caused the attacks, he has not been able to sleep so soundly. Hence, I hope that this trend can continue.” 
“All right. I’ll do my best to help him.” 
Sabrina’s mood was brightened up by the news.
After returning to her room, she took a shower and sprawled on her bed. 
Sasha: Good morning, Sabrina. 
Sasha: Sabrina, what are you up to? Are you busy? 
Sasha: What are you doing? Why aren’t you replying to my messages? 
Sabrina was perplexed by the final message. Hence, she sat up and typed: I was fighting with Devin. 
Sasha: …… 
Sasha was speechless and typed six dots in reply. 
Sabrina was amused by Sasha’s response. 
Sabrina: What’s wrong? Are you upset that I fought him? 
Feeling anxious in Jetroina, Sasha finally replied: Can you be more serious? I want to know his condition. 
Sabrina must be doing this on purpose. She obviously knows that I’m worried about Sebastian and yet, she talks about something unrelated. 
When Sabrina realized that Sasha was fuming, she provided the latest updates. 
Sabrina: Well. He’s doing fine. This morning, I accompanied him to exercise as the doctor advised that it would help him wean off his addiction. 
Sasha: Mmm-hmm, and then? 
Sabrina: After that, he felt very good and slept soundly. The doctor mentioned that it was the best sleep he had gotten since his addiction. Therefore, you can put your mind at ease.
Sabrina didn’t forget to comfort Sasha in the end. 
After reading Sabrina’s message, Sasha’s worry was indeed alleviated. 
All that mattered to her was that Sebastian was making good progress. 
“Nancy, I heard Haruto mention that you requested for your second operation?” 
Just as they were chatting, Solomon entered the room. 
Sasha put away her phone. “Yes, the faster I recover, the earlier I can go back.” 
Solomon grew anxious. “But, it has just been a few days since your first operation. The doctor has said that you should wait till the scars from your first operation to form before going for the second one. Or else, the risk of failure during the second operation will be high.” 
Just as he finished, Sasha held his gaze and calmly replied, “Therefore, I need your help!” 
Solomon was stunned. 
What’s with that look of hers? It seems to be filled with urgency and unshakeable determination. 
Despite knowing the dangers that awaited her, Sasha was fearlessly ready to throw herself into the fire without any regard for her own safety. The intensity of her resolve pained Solomon’s heart. 
What has Sebastian done to deserve such devotion? 
Finally, Solomon gradually closed his eyes before leaving the room. 
Not long afterward, an internationally acclaimed plastic surgeon arrived at the hospital and joined in the operation theater.
Meanwhile, in an unnamed street in Terrandya, Willow was cleaning up the Jetroinian bar. 
Beside her was a child sprawled across a table, scribbling on a piece of paper with her pencil. 
“Vivi, what are you doing?” 
Willow couldn’t help but ask when she saw how serious Vivian looked. 
As she continued to write, Vivian replied, “I’m writing a letter to Daddy. Daddy must be missing us now that we have left. That’s why I’m writing him a letter.” 
“Oh, I see.” 
Intrigued by what Vivian had said, Willow walked over with her feather duster. 
When she approached, she could see that Vivian was writing a letter. However, she couldn’t recognize the scribbles at all. 
###Chapter 791
Chapter 791
Furthermore, her writings were not aligned and were all over the place. If she hadn’t mentioned that she was writing a letter, one would think that she was just drawing worms. 
“What is this?” 
“It’s the ‘D’ for Daddy,” Vivian replied as a matter of factly. She had written a funny-looking “D” which Willow couldn’t resist but laugh upon seeing it. 
Willow continued, “So, what’s this then?” 
Vivian answered proudly, “That’s an ‘I’. It represents me.” 
Just as she spoke, she even cupped her face to get her point across. 
Willow was speechless. 
That’s an “I”? 
Realizing that she would burst into laughter at the rate they were going, Willow quickly went back to her work. 
A few minutes later, Vivian stopped writing. Surprisingly, she finally admitted that her writing was illegible. 
“If only my brothers were here. They would be able to help me with this.” 
Feeling depressed, the thought of them doing her homework on her behalf made her miss them even more.
What am I going to do now? 
Ever since she arrived in Jetroina, she dropped the hairpin by accident. Her brothers were unable to help her while she couldn’t keep in contact with Sebastian. 
Hence, she missed him a lot and hoped that he missed her too. 
After laying on the table for a long time, she finally climbed down. 
When Willow came over, Vivian was nowhere to be seen. 
However, she didn’t give it much thought. Although the bar had a large backyard, the front door was sealed by Solomon so that they wouldn’t be found. Other than himself, no one else was able to get in. 
Hence, Willow continued with her work. 
Unknown to her, Vivian had sneaked toward where the phone was. 
Why don’t I give Daddy a call? 
With that, Vivian quietly brought the phone beneath the table with her and quietly dialed the number that Sebastian had secretly asked her to commit to memory. 
Ring! Ring! 
Just when the call got through, she heard a voice speaking in a foreign language she didn’t understand. 
Vivian blinked. “Uncle Sebastian?” 
The voice responded in a confused tone. 
“Uncle Sebastian, it’s me, Vivi. Do you still remember me?” When she couldn’t understand what the voice was saying, Vivian’s eyes reddened instantly.
In truth, she didn’t know that in Jetroina, the number Sebastian gaze her would not connect unless she added the international country code. 
Even if the call connected by luck, it would be to a domestic line within Jetroina. 
“Uncle Sebastian, I miss you a lot. Do you miss me? Or, have you forgotten about me?” 
Vivian had been trying hard to contact her daddy lately. When she heard the unfamiliar voice, she lost all hope and was heartbroken. Tears began streaming down her cheeks endlessly. 
The person on the other line was speechless. 
After a while, a different person came over and asked, “Hello, may I know who it is?” 
“Huh?” Vivian’s eyes lit up in delight upon hearing the voice. 
“It’s me, Vivi. Are you Daddy’s friend?” 
When she heard a female voice, she was smart enough to ask about her daddy instead. 
Unfortunately, the lady was just as confused. 
“I’m sorry. I’m not. May I know who your daddy is?” 
“My daddy’s number is this. He gave it to me and told me to call it whenever I want to see him,” Vivian recounted sadly as the image of Sebastian taking her away from the apartment flashed through her mind. 
The lady on the other line quickly grasped what was going on and figured that Vivian had dialed the wrong number.
Is she trying to make a long-distance call? Is it because there’s no one at home, that’s why she doesn’t know how to do it? Did something happen in her home? 
The lady on the other line was someone helpful. Furthermore, she came from the same country as Vivian did. Hence, she decided to help the little girl. 
“Don’t worry, I can help you find him. I’ll call him for you and tell him to call you back, all right?” 
“Okay, thank you.” 
Vivian was finally filled with delight. After thanking the lady profusely, she ended the call. 
She was glad that someone was able to convey her message. 
With that, she skipped happily out of the room. 
Coincidentally, Willow walked past and was surprised to see her in a good mood. “What’s going on? Why are you so happy?” 
Vivian thrust her chin in the air proudly, “I have sent the letter I wrote to Daddy, hmph!” 
Willow was dumbfounded. 
Fine. It’s good that she has “sent” her letter. As long as she stops pining for her mommy and daddy. 
With that, Willow went back to work. 
###Chapter 792
Chapter 792
Meanwhile, at Oceanic Estate, it was already late by the time Sebastian opened his eyes. When he saw that it was dark outside, his gaze shifted to Sabrina, who was sleeping with her legs placed on top of the table. 
Sabrina has never even been lady-like before. 
Getting up, Sebastian didn’t wake her. After using the bathroom, he headed downstairs. 
“Mr. Hayes, y-you’re up!” 
“Mr. Hayes has come down!” 
“Quick, inform Old Mr. Jadeson!” 
When the servants in the house saw Sebastian come down, they were pleasantly surprised and went off to inform Jonathan at once. 
Indeed, this was the first time he came down by himself ever since he fell sick. 
Ignoring them, Sebastian headed toward the kitchen the moment he stepped out of the elevator. 
Olivia was an observant person. When she saw Sebastian’s reaction, she asked attentively, “Mr. Hayes, are you hungry? What would you like to eat? I’ll prepare it at once.” 
However, Sebastian ignored her. 
When he arrived in the kitchen with an indifferent expression, he took out a bottle of icy cold water from the fridge and gulped it down.
“Mr. Hayes, that’s… iced water. You aren’t supposed to drink it in your condition.” 
Olivia stopped him at once. 
However, she was too late. 
The moment he woke up, he was overwhelmed by thirst. Soon, the bottle of water was almost finished. 
Olivia was stumped. 
Coincidentally, Jonathan had arrived in the kitchen and ordered, “What’s going on? Why are you drinking iced water? The both of you, prepare some warm water at once.” 
Olivia got right on it. 
Sebastian wiped his mouth as the bottle of cold water was a welcome relief. After putting back the bottle cap, he prepared to bring it back upstairs. 
Jonathan stopped him. “Where are you going? Come and have a seat. I have something to ask you.” 
With that, Jonathan headed to the living hall and took a seat. 
Despite feeling frustrated, he followed Jonathan with the bottle in hand. 
“Let me ask you, do you still remember the children?” 
“What children?” 
Giving him a frosty stare, Sebastian tone was emotionless. 
Jonathan was stunned.
Doesn’t he remember? Then why did the child call from Jetroina asking for him? In fact, she even called him “Daddy.” 
Jonathan scrutinized him. All this while, he had been suspecting if Sebastian was just pretending to have a personality disorder. Has he been putting up an act in front of me? 
The reason Jonathan had his suspicions was that Sebastian’s plots had been so ingenious that he didn’t seem like someone who had lost his memory at all. 
“A child called from Jetroina asking for you. She even called you Daddy.” 
Just as he spoke, Jonathan placed a phone on the coffee table. 
Sebastian took a glance and realized that it was his phone. 
However, ever since he was addicted to drugs, he had no choice but to stay in his room wean himself off it. Hence, his phone was taken away from him as a precaution. 
Child? 
Sebastian picked up his phone and checked through it. 
There really was a phone call from Jetroina. However, he didn’t recall that he had anyone there, let alone a child. 
“I don’t have any children!” he snapped. 
Just when he was about to put his phone down, Jonathan suggested, “Why don’t you call back and check. The person sounded desperate. Perhaps, something might have happened?” 
Just as he spoke, Jonathan handed over a note with a series of numbers.
Sebastian’s face darkened as a result. 
“Why don’t you call back?” 
“Why should I? The call wasn’t for me.” Jonathan didn’t give him any room to refuse. After dialing the number, he put the phone on speaker before sitting down and waiting. 
Sebastian furrowed his eyebrows. 
Nevertheless, he sat down with a gloomy expression. 
After the call was made, they waited for more than ten seconds before it connected. 
“Hello? Is that Uncle Sebastian? It’s me, Vivi. Did you finally receive my letter?” 
A cute voice rang out excitedly over the line. 
It stunned everyone present especially Sebastian. 
That girl is… 
“Uncle Sebastian, I have been waiting for you here for a very long time. That lady told me that she would pass you my letter. After that, I waited by the phone for you to call back. However, what took you so long?” 
Meanwhile, in Jetroina, Vivian had waited for the entire afternoon, hiding underneath the table with the phone. Just when her words struck a nerve, she began to sob while speaking. 
Sebastian was dumbfounded. 
At that moment, he felt an impulse within his heart and grabbed the phone at once. 
###Chapter 793
Chapter 793
“Where are you?” 
“Hmm, I’m in a store that sells liquor. Uncle Sebastian, I miss you a lot. Do you miss me? All day long, I’m locked up here alone without anyone to play with me.” 
Vivian was thrilled when she finally heard her daddy’s voice. 
However, due to it being late, she was worried about waking Willow. Hence, she kept her voice low and covered her mouth. 
Even then, the sadness in her voice came through. 
Alone? Locked up all day? 
The excruciating pain that Sebastian was feeling intensified. Springing to his feet, he demanded, “Where is your mom?” 
That’s right. Where is she? Back then, when she slapped me at the hospital and said all those nasty things, I assumed that she had found someone better. In the end, is that all there is to it? Leaving her children behind while she goes gallivanting again? 
Sebastian felt as if his heart was going to explode. 
All this while, he assumed that he no longer cared about the matter. 
“My mommy?” 
In the darkness, Vivian’s teary eyes sparkled. “Mommy is sick and is in the hospital.”
“What?” 
Vivian’s reply caused the anger that was swelling within him to be stuck in his throat. 
She’s sick? Did she say that her mommy is sick? 
“That’s right, Mommy is sick. She has been staying in the hospital and has yet to come home.” Vivian was distressed by the thought of her pitiful mommy. 
Sebastian didn’t say anything. 
Instead, he ended the call and dialed Sasha’s number at once. 
Sick? Since when is she sick? Why don’t I know about it? In that case, she didn’t leave me because she found someone better? Instead, she is getting herself treated? And yet, I screamed at her to stay away from me? 
Clutching the phone, Sebastian was lost for words. With his face turning pale, panic and frustration were written all over it. 
“Uncle Sebastian, are you listening to me?” 
“I’m here. Don’t worry. Stay where you are. I’ll send someone to pick you up soon.” 
After he regained his composure, Sebastian reassured Vivian to wait for him obediently. 
Vivian was delighted by his words. 
After Sebastian ended the call, Jonathan, who was watching all this while, asked in surprise, “Are you going to Jetroina to pick her up?” 
“Yes!”
“But, isn’t her mom sick? If you bring her back, won’t she-” 
“Get Grayson to make the arrangements. No matter what, I want to see her tomorrow. Also, I want to know what her mom’s condition is within the next thirty minutes!” 
His overbearing tone didn’t allow any room for negotiation. Gradually, the intimidating vibe of the old Sebastian was slowly returning to him. 
There was just no disobeying his instructions. 
His forceful response even caused Jonathan to tremble. 
Nevertheless, Jonathan carried out his instructions and called Grayson at once. 
When Grayson received the call in the middle of the night, he jumped up in shock when he heard the news. 
“H-how did you know she was in Jetroina? Did she call you?” 
“No, her daughter called. The little girl said that she was being locked up alone in a warehouse. That’s why she made the call. What is going on with your student? Where is her husband? Now that she is sick in the hospital, why isn’t her husband taking care of the child?” Jonathan bellowed at Grayson. 
Grayson was speechless. 
He didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. 
Isn’t her husband your grandson? And now, his child is just looking for him. 
Worried sick, Grayson had no choice but to get out of bed and reassure Jonathan, “Alright. I will get in contact with them and see what the situation is.”
“There’s no time. That b*stard insists that he wants to see the child tomorrow.” 
“Huh?” 
“Also, he wants to know the condition of your student. Give me an answer within ten minutes.” With that, Jonathan ended the call with a slam of the phone. 
Meanwhile, Grayson was outraged by the demand. 
Ten minutes? Why don’t you try doing it yourself? 
Fuming, Grayson gave Solomon, who was in Jetroina, a call. 
It was already ten in the evening there. 
Meanwhile, in Terrandya, Solomon was still in the ward. 
Sasha hadn’t woken up from her operation. Hence, he didn’t dare to leave her side. 
When Haruto came by and saw him sitting on the bench, he shook his head and sighed. After returning to his office, he came back with a box of milk and some sandwiches. 
“Mr. Akiyama, you can’t keep this up. Look at how much weight you have lost.” 
“I’m fine.” 
After receiving the food, Solomon unwrapped them and began eating. 
While eating, he would occasionally glance inside the ward to check on Sasha. 
When he noticed Solomon’s actions, Haruto didn’t know how else to comfort him. 
###Chapter 794
Chapter 794
“Mr. Akiyama, is this all worth it? She will never be yours. Not in this lifetime.” 
Sitting where he was, Solomon stopped eating. He felt as if he was stabbed in his scar-ridden heart again. 
Every time he was reminded of the cruel truth, he could feel his heart being ripped apart. 
However, there was little he could do about it. 
Compared to the old days when she saw him as an enemy and refused to speak to him, he felt that the status quo was more than he could ask for. 
Just by sitting there, he could taste the bliss of the moment. 
With that, Solomon continued eating. But this time, his heart was at peace. 
“It’s not about whether it’s worth it or not. Her mom raised me since I was young. From then on, I’m her family. As her brother, everything I do for her is definitely worth it.” 
“All right.” 
When Haruto heard Solomon’s inspirational words, he had nothing else to say. 
While both men were just sitting there, Solomon’s phone rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Mr. George! I have bad news. Mr. Hayes knows that Ms. Wand and her daughter are in Jetroina!”
It was Grayson on the line. The moment he heard Solomon’s voice, he anxiously reported the matter. 
Solomon’s expression drastically changed. 
“How did he find out? Did you tell him?” 
“No, I wouldn’t dare. It’s the little girl. She called Oceanic Estate all of a sudden. Mr. George, how could you not have watched the child properly? Mr. Hayes insists on seeing the child tomorrow and wants to know Ms. Wand’s condition at once. What are we going to do now?” 
Grayson was so desperate that he was about to foam from his mouth. 
Having been caught off guard, he was stressed out by the situation. 
Initially, his plan was well laid out. He was to send Sasha back to Oceanic Estate once her face had fully recovered and had made all the necessary arrangements. 
Why did that little girl have to spoil everything? 
“Vivi? You talking about Vivi?” 
Solomon was shocked when he heard her being mentioned. 
How did she know how to call back home? Furthermore, she even called her daddy. Who taught her how to make an international call? Also, isn’t Willow watching her at the bar? Why did she allow Vivi to make a call? How could she mess thing up like that? 
Surprised and infuriated, Solomon was in no mood to continue the conversation. After ending the call, he left the hospital right away. 
Twenty minutes later, he arrived at the bar.
“Willow! Willow!” 
Filled with rage, Solomon yelled her name aloud without any consideration for the neighbors. 
At that moment, Willow was fast asleep. 
The entire time Sasha was in the hospital, she was the one responsible for caring for Vivian. Hence, she was sleeping by Vivian’s side when she suddenly heard Solomon’s shouts. 
After getting out of bed, she threaded her feet into a pair of clogs before coming to get the door. “Solomon, what’s going on?” 
“How could you have the cheek to ask me that? I should be the one asking that question. Why didn’t you watch Vivian properly? Do you know what she did today? Hmm?” 
Unable to keep a lid on his anger, Solomon admonished her the moment he saw her. 
Willow was stunned. 
What did I do? Vivi is doing well, so what’s the problem? 
After being scolded for no reason, Willow was incensed. “What did I do? How can you come over here in the middle of the night and yell at me? Solomon, don’t think just because you pay me, you can scream at me indiscriminately. I’m not your servant!” 
Solomon was stumped. 
Staring at her, he suppressed his anger until he finally calmed down. 
“I wasn’t yelling at you for no reason. I was just notified that Sebastian knows that the little girl is here. She gave him a call today. Do you not know anything about this?”
‘What?” 
Willow was dumbstruck. 
I have no idea that little pumpkin called her daddy. When did she do it? 
Willow was utterly confused. 
After racking her brains over what had happened during the day, she suddenly recalled that Vivian had happily declared she had “sent a letter” to her daddy. 
Also, she didn’t check on Vivian for most of the evening. 
Struck by the realization, Willow’s face turned pale. 
“I… I didn’t notice. I..” 
Watching how Willow was stammering in panic, Solomon understood everything right away. 
At that moment, he too felt a chill down his spine. 
“Solomon, what are we going to do? I was being careless. I didn’t know the little girl would… Da*n! If her dad knows that the mother and daughter are here, we will be doomed!” 
Willow was filled with anxiousness just as the thought struck her while Solomon felt just as shaken. 
However, there was no use crying over spilled milk now. The only way the matter could be remedied without raising Sebastian’s suspicions was to go along with his wishes. 
###Chapter 795
Chapter 795
“Are you saying that we should send Vivi over to him?” 
Willow’s face turned pale. 
Sasha nodded. “That’s the only way out. Now that Sasha has completed her second operation, she has two more to go. Before they’re completed, we cannot let Sebastian find out.” 
“But the child-” 
“She will be fine because he is her daddy, regardless of whether he remembers it or not. He will definitely protect her. Furthermore, Sabrina and Karl are there. We can notify them in advance so that they can be prepared. Vivian will definitely be all right.” 
Although Solomon was reassuring Willow, he was also convincing himself that he had made the right decision. 
In truth, Solomon had read the situation correctly. The moment Sebastian heard that Vivian was alone in Jetroina, he had instructed Jonathan to bring her to his side. 
In other words, there was already an unbreakable bond between himself and Vivian. 
With that, Solomon carried Vivian away in her sleep. 
Two hours later, two figures masquerading as nurses escorted Vivian on a flight back to the country. 
At the same time, news regarding Sasha’s condition was also sent to Jonathan. 
“All right. Now that you have seen it for yourself, I’ll sure you can stop worrying.”
When Jonathan arrived on the third floor with Sasha’s medical report, he saw Sebastian waiting for him in a calm and relaxed manner. In his heart, he felt a sudden burst of anger. 
One of these days, I’ll teach this b*stard a lesson! 
Sebastian received the document. 
Metal screws? 
As he scanned through the records quickly, he squinted his eyes when he saw white shadows on the black and white CT scan. 
Given that he had been in and out of the hospital recently for multiple injuries, he had learned how to read the scans and medical records. 
But why does she have them in her body? 
Holding the thin pieces of paper, he shook them in the air. 
“What’s going on here? Why does she have these in her?” 
“She met with an accident and fractured her bones. That’s why they were put in her. The reason she went to Jetroina is to take them out. Hence, you don’t have to worry. She’s doing fine,” Jonathan replied casually. 
Just as he spoke, Sebastian’s face drastically changed. 
Jolted by Jonathan’s words, Sebastian wanted to deny that he was concerned about her. 
Just when he was about to protest, he held his tongue when he read the description in the medical records.
It stated: Fractures throughout the body including her arms… 
Her arms! 
Suddenly, he had a flashback to the first day he brought her to Oceanic Estate. Just when he was arguing with Jonathan, he had twisted her arm in a fit of rage. 
That day, he clearly heard the soft crack of her bone, which had caused her face to turn pale. 
At that exact moment, he had wondered to himself why was she so physically fragile. 
Now that he recalled the incident, he figured that he must have twisted one of the screws in her bone. 
Holding that thought, Sebastian pursed his lips in silence. 
When Jonathan saw that Sebastian had nothing else to add, he continued, “All right, now that she is fine, you should get some rest. Grayson has ordered someone from the hospital to escort the little girl here. He also has students there and they will arrive tomorrow morning.” 
With that, he turned to leave. 
At the very least, that b*stard cares about someone now. It’s definitely a lot better than when he first woke up. Back then, he was filled with murderous intent and only cared about vengeance. 
That night, Jonathan went to bed in a particularly good mood. 
The next day, Sabrina, who had received the news, left Oceanic Estate before the break of dawn to see Karl. 
“Vivi is a really naughty girl. All she does is create trouble for us. What are we going to do now? With her here, she will definitely recognize me as her aunt. Wouldn’t her identity be exposed then?”
“No, it won’t. She’s really smart. Mrs. Hayes had asked her not to address Mr. Hayes as “Daddy” and she has complied without any problem,” Karl reassured Sabrina. 
Only then were her worries eased. 
Nevertheless, she decided to pick Vivian up at the airport so that she could talk to her in advance. That was how they could continue to maintain the charade at Oceanic Estate. 
Karl agreed with her plan. 
From there, Sabrina drove to the airport right away. 
Unknown to her, she was tailed by someone on the way to the airport. 
The car looked extremely ordinary. It blended in on the highway so well that no one, including Sabrina, would have spotted it. 
After all, she wasn’t a cop and didn’t possess the sense of awareness they had. Moreover, all she was focused on was meeting up with her niece. 
###Chapter 796
Chapter 796
After more than an hour, Sabrina arrived at the airport. 
“Hello? I’m already here. Have you arrived?” 
The person on the other line was delighted to hear Sabrina’s voice. She replied, “We arrived a long while ago. Ms. Sabrina, Mr. George has instructed us to only come out upon your arrival. So please wait for us while we bring the child out.” 
After all, the escorts were Solomon’s subordinates. 
Sabrina drove to the airport’s entrance to wait for them. 
Just as expected, two escorts in nurse uniforms came out carrying a little girl. 
“Vivi…” 
Sabrina opened the door to welcome her the moment she saw Vivian. 
That was when Vivian woke up. The moment she saw Sabrina, her eyes opened wide. “Aunt Sabrina, it’s Aunt Sabrina…” 
She was so excited that before Sabrina came over, she had reached out her arms for a hug. 
Hence, Sabrina came over and picked her up. 
“Ah! My sweetie. How have I missed you? Come, let me give you a kiss.” With that, Sabrina gave Vivian’s cheek a sloppy kiss.
Vivian giggled in delight. 
She relished in the kiss her aunt was giving her. 
After both of them cuddled for a moment, Sabrina turned toward the two nurses. 
“What is her mom’s condition?” 
“She’s doing well. In fact, she had successfully completed her second corrective surgery yesterday. By the time she recovers, she will be able to go through the last two which are minor surgeries.” 
The escorts knew that Sabrina was worried, hence they gave her the latest update. 
After all, the face was an important part of the body. Hence, one could never be too careful. 
Once Sabrina was reassured, she prepared to leave with Vivian. 
“By the way, Mr. George has a message for you.” 
“What is it?” 
Agitated by the thought, Sabrina reluctantly stopped in her tracks. 
She hated it when Solomon tried to interfere in her affairs, especially since she was supposed to be the big sister. Hence, it wasn’t his place to get involved. 
Unexpectedly, the message that the nurse conveyed was precisely related to this. 
“Ms. Sabrina, Mr. George wants us to remind you not to offend the Jadesons as they aren’t ordinary folks. If you behave too haughtily, they may not tolerate your presence.” 
The first thing that came to Sabrina’s mind was to snap back at them.
What the f*ck? How dare he try to dictate what I should do? 
However, despite her gloomy expression, she held her tongue. 
Solomon’s observation skills were sharp. He had seen through what his stepsister was doing by flaunting her wealth to curry favor with the Jadesons. 
Therefore, all he did was send her a reminder. 
There are those who are narrow-minded and will never accept others. So will they let her go for offending them? Obviously, that will never happen. In a family that is ten times more complicated than the Hayes and has tenfold the family members, her behavior would be the death of her. 
And that was a lesson Solomon learned early on through his mother’s experience. 
After all, a struggle between women was the most frightening thing of all! 
Finally, Sabrina left with a sullen expression. 
Just as Solomon had predicted, the black car that was following her from behind wound down its windows. 
It revealed a lady in heavy makeup and decked out in expensive jewelry. It was obvious she was a daughter of a prominent family. 
She watched Sabrina leave and asked quizzically, “Why is she here to pick up the child? Isn’t this the child that Mr. Hayes wants? If so, shouldn’t one of Old Mr. Jadeson’s men be picking her up? Why is she even here? Moreover, it’s strange that she seems to know the child very well. Given the way they hugged, it doesn’t seem like they’re strangers at all.” 
Seated at the back, was a lady without makeup who snorted in response.
“Something fishy is going on.” 
“So, what do you plan to do?” 
The lady in front felt a chill down her spine when she heard the lady at the back seat laugh. 
What’s wrong with her? Since when did her laughter become so insidious? 
She turned around. 
“We have to investigate! Find me a private eye to get to the bottom of what their true relationship is. I want to learn what Sabrina is hiding beneath that mask of hers,” the lady replied with a nefarious tone that sounded terrifying. 
The gentle look in her eyes turned into one filled with viciousness, causing one’s hair to stand on end. 
Her gaze was filled with animosity as she watched Sabrina’s car drive away. 
###Chapter 797
Chapter 797
Vivian was brought back to Oceanic Estate. 
The moment Sabrina put her down, she dashed inside just like a little swiftlet. 
“Uncle Sebastian, Uncle Sebastian…” 
“Hey, isn’t that Vivi? My God, when did you come back?” 
“It’s really her! That little sweetie is back! Come Vivi, give me a hug.” 
Before she could see her daddy, the housemaid in the castle mobbed her. All of them were surprised to see her and wanted a hug. 
Hence, Vivian complied obediently. 
“All right. Once you are done hugging me, you have to let me see Uncle Sebastian.” After being hugged, Vivian even dictated terms in a squeaky voice. 
Just as she spoke, everyone was further mesmerized by how cute her reaction was. 
She’s undeniably adorable! 
Meanwhile, Jonathan, who had finished his morning exercise, walked in on the commotion in the living hall. He was peeved at the sight of the housemaids gathering together instead of working. 
“What are all of you doing? Why aren’t you doing your work?” 
“Ah?”
With that, the servants quickly dispersed, revealing Vivian in the center. 
“Oh? Sir, it’s you. Haven’t you left? Didn’t I give you money the last time? Why are you still working here? Isn’t it enough?” 
When Vivian saw Jonathan appear in front of her, her eyes widened in surprise. 
She had a very good memory as she remembered the incident where she gave him some money and had him leave. 
Just as she spoke, all the servants were dumbstruck. 
She gave Old Mr. Jadeson money and is even asking him if it was enough? 
Everyone, including Jonathan, was bewildered. 
Having recalled the incident, Jonathan looked at her and was torn between laughing and crying. 
“Come here.” 
Then he waved at her, asking her to come to him. 
Climbing down from one of the housemaids, Vivian ambled obediently over with her chubby legs. 
She assumed Jonathan was going to ask her for money again. 
Hence, she lifted her gaze at Jonathan and flipped the sides of her dress to show him that they were empty. In a pitiful voice, she explained, “Let me warn you that I don’t have any more money. Look, I didn’t even bring my little pouch. Hence, there’s no way I can help you.” 
Her response could melt the hearts of the toughest of men. 
Jonathan bent over and picked her up. “I don’t need your money. Come, let me take you to breakfast.”
“Huh?” 
Vivian raised her brows in shock. “Breakfast? Do you have any money? Will the owner of his house allow you to eat here?” 
Everyone else burst into hearty laughter. 
Coincidentally, when Sabrina walked in and saw everything, the corners of her eyes twitched in response. 
That little girl sure knows a thing or two. She has even captured the heart of Old Mr. Jadeson. 
Nevertheless, Sabrina knew that she had to be careful still. 
Hurrying upstairs with Vivian’s luggage, she rushed over to Sebastian. 
“Sebastian, Sebastian, quick! We have brought the little girl over. She is now with Jonathan. You had better go down to take a look.” 
Clap! 
Just as she spoke, Sebastian who was reading by the window, slammed his book shut loudly. 
“Why is she with him?” 
“I don’t know.” Sabrina, who was panting, furrowed her eyebrows. 
“The moment I entered, I saw him carrying her. I have no idea why they are so close too. Most importantly, you shouldn’t let him know that I was the one who picked Vivian up.” 
Sabrina’s desperation had caused her slip of tongue.
Sebastian’s eyes narrowed. 
“Why can’t I let him know? Didn’t he ask you to do so?” 
In that split second, Sabrina was jolted awake. 
F*ck! What did I just say? 
“No, what I meant was, when I woke up in the morning, I heard the housemaids talking about it. Hence, I gave Devin a call who confirmed that it was true. Since you weren’t awake yet, I decided to go on your behalf.” 
Given the desperate circumstances, Sabrina got Devin involved again. 
She figured that since he was in it with her, all she needed to do was to explain to him later and everything would be fine. 
To her relief, Sebastian stopped giving her his piercing glare. 
With that, he got up from his chair and headed outside. 
Only then did Sabrina heave a sigh of relief before following him downstairs. 
Just as expected, the moment they stepped into the main building, they saw Jonathan and Vivian at the observation tower. Both of them were sitting at a table filled with scrumptious food and enjoying themselves with sunrise in the background. 
###Chapter 798
Chapter 798
“Is it yummy?” 
“Yeah!” 
Vivian, who was shoving the meatballs into her mouth eagerly, nodded. Her voice sounded extremely adorable. 
When Jonathan watched her, a hint of amusement flashed across his eyes. 
It had been ages since he ate with such a young child. The previous time was when Devin was still young. 
Jonathan placed a few more cookies onto her plate. 
When Sebastian and Sabrina walked over and saw this scene, Sabrina remarked, “Old Mr. Jadeson, I didn’t expect you to like kids.” 
Jonathan did not know what to say. 
Before he could reply, Vivian, who was eating the cookies, heard her aunt’s voice and looked over in delight. 
“Uncle Sebastian! Wow! I’ve finally met you. I miss you so much!” 
Abandoning the cookies, she climbed down the chair and ran toward Sebastian. 
After all, she was overjoyed to finally meet her father.
Sabrina turned her head aside secretly, her eyes reddening. 
On the other hand, when Sebastian saw Vivian running toward him, he instinctively bent down and carried her. 
“Slowly! Don’t fall down.” 
Vivian laughed happily. 
I won’t fall. Daddy will never ever let me fall! 
Now that she was finally in her father’s arms, she hugged his neck tightly with her chubby arms, unwilling to let go. 
Jonathan was speechless. 
How ungrateful! I wonder who gave her all the food just now. I’m actually feeling a bit upset. 
Still carrying Vivian, Sebastian sat down. “Who sent her here? Where’s her mother?” 
“What?” Jonathan, who had just picked up his fork, was stunned when he heard that. 
“How would I know? I didn’t go to Jetroina personally. Also, don’t you find yourself acting weirdly? Didn’t you dislike her previously? You have even chased her out of Oceanic Estate a few times? Why are you so concerned about her now?” 
Furious, Jonathan interrogated him. 
Sebastian’s expression changed. 
When he was about to blow up, Sabrina noticed that things were not right and quickly intervened.
“Old Mr. Jadeson, this isn’t surprising. The child’s mother used to be his family doctor and has taken care of him for a long time. Since the child’s so young, it’s normal for him to be concerned.” 
“Really?” 
Jonathan was still doubtful. 
To be honest, his doubts were accurate. 
Otherwise, Sebastian would not react so strongly every time Jonathan mentioned that question, as if he was unwilling to admit to it. 
After breakfast, everyone went back to the house. 
As Vivian wanted to spend time with her father, Sabrina brought them to the third floor. 
“Sebastian, take care of the child while I look for Devin.” 
She did not conceal her intention to find Devin in front of her younger brother. 
Immediately after she spoke, Sebastian shot a cold glance at her. “He’s not someone you can touch. Control yourself!” 
Sabrina was speechless. 
Suddenly, she felt reluctant to concede. Spinning around, she stared at him seriously. “This is really weird. Why are all of you saying that same thing? Why can’t I date him?” 
She was very frustrated. 
When she came back from the airport, the two nurses relayed the same message from that jerk.
Why is that so? 
“Because you have no right to do so!” Sebastian was extremely straightforward. 
“Devin is the heir of the Jadesons. With his position, only someone with a similar family background as the Jadesons is fit to be his wife. How can a woman from a merchant background like you possibly dream of marrying into an elite military family?” 
When Sebastian said the last sentence, the mocking undertone was crystal clear. 
Upon hearing that, Sabrina turned pale. 
Yeah, I’ve been indulging in how perfectly things are going after coming here. In reality, all these differences still exist. I’m just unwilling to confront them. 
Back then, when Sebastian was still conscious, he had tried to stop me for this exact reason. 
Sabrina lowered her head, feeling extremely sad. 
“Don’t worry, I’ve never fantasized about marrying him. He doesn’t like me anyway. I just wish to speak to him and look at him more before he gets married since I can do that. “ 
After a long while, Sebastian averted his gaze and spat in disappointment, “Foolish girl!” 
Sabrina gave no reply. 
Let it be then. Anyway, it is true that I am foolish. 
She walked down the stairs. 
When she came out of the lift, she bumped into Devin who was walking over. 
“Devin, come here. I have something to tell you.”
###Chapter 799
Chapter 799
When she spotted him, she completely forgot about Sebastian’s earlier reminder. She ran over, grabbed Devin’s arm and dragged him to the garden outside. 
When Kira, who was following him in, saw that, she clenched her fists so strongly that her fingernails dug into her palm. 
Sabrina Hayes! 
“What happened?” 
In the garden, Devin did not react much despite being suddenly dragged out by her. 
Perhaps, he was already used to Sabrina’s actions. 
“I went to pick Vivian up this morning.” 
“And then?” 
“What? Haven’t you figured it out? Sebastian still hasn’t realized that she’s his daughter and your grandpa hasn’t realized that she’s his great-granddaughter! But I’m her aunt, so if I do this, there’s a high risk of her identity being exposed!” 
Sabrina felt frustrated when Devin still could not figure it out after she had stated it so explicitly. 
Is this man dumb? How can he not understand? 
However, after she finished speaking, Devin was still looking at her with an amused expression.
Yeah, I may be dumb, but does she know that I’m not supposed to know her? 
If I had not discovered her sister-in-law’s secret, I might still be oblivious to the fact that they are mother and daughter! 
“Why are you still looking at me? Don’t you understand?” 
“I do.” 
Devin had no choice but to admit it exasperatedly. 
Only then did Sabrina heave a sigh of relief. “What should we do now? You must help me resolve this matter. If your grandpa finds out that this child is his great-granddaughter, things will become messy.” 
“Alright. I’ll deal with it,” guaranteed Devin coolly. 
With that, Sabrina felt relieved. 
They left the garden and went to look for Jonathan. 
After ten minutes, Kira, who was in the kitchen, saw them leave. She took out the cakes she had just baked in the oven and brought them out. 
“Olivia, I heard that Dr. West’s child is here. Where is she now?” 
“She’s probably upstairs. As Dr. West had been taking care of Mr. Sebastian, Vivian kept staying by his side after he came.” 
Olivia glanced at the cakes in Kira’s hands and explained enthusiastically. 
Kira smiled. 
Then, she entered the lift with the cakes and went to the third floor.
Vivian was in her father’s bedroom. As it had been too long since she was reunited with him, she wanted to grab this rare opportunity to be with him. 
At the same time, she wanted to contact her brothers. 
“Uncle Sebastian, have you seen my hairclip?” 
“What?” 
Sebastian, who was sitting on the couch and resting, heard rustling sounds made by Vivian. Suddenly, she asked him that. 
He opened his eyes tiredly. 
“It’s a hair clip that I’ve been wearing. It’s pink with a huge ribbon.” Vivian gestured at Sebastian. 
At the same time, she realized that he was acting differently. 
Sweat was all over his forehead. 
“Mm…” 
Suppressing the agonizing pain in his body, Sebastian paused for a while. His pale lips parted as he replied, “When Aunt Sabrina comes back, ask her to help you find it…” 
“Okay.” 
Vivian had already noticed his reactions and quickly nodded obediently. Without making any noises, she stayed by his side silently. 
What’s wrong with Daddy?
Is he sick? 
Worried, she kept staring at Sebastian as tears welled up in her eyes. 
“Uncle Sebastian…” 
“Can you go out first? I’d like to change my clothes here. G-Go to the second floor and look for Aunt Sabrina, o-okay?” 
The familiar feeling of pain surged through him. Unable to bear it any longer, he clenched his teeth and asked Vivian to leave first. 
He did not want to scare her. 
Although Vivian was only six years old, she could sense that Sebastian was not doing well. Hence, she hugged the plushie which Sabrina had given her earlier and left obediently. 
She wanted to tell Sabrina that her father was ill and that she needed to save him immediately. 
Vivian walked out of the bedroom with reddened eyes. 
She was about to head downstairs to look for Sabrina when she bumped into a young woman walking upstairs with a plate. 
“Vivian, you’re here! Do you remember me?” 
When the woman saw her, she was delighted. She called out Vivian’s name and ran toward her. 
Hugging her plushie, Vivian stared at the woman. 
Who is she? Oh, right! She’s the lady who cooks really well! 
Finally remembering who she was, Vivian nodded. “Yeah! You’re Ms. Woods!”
“Yeah, that’s me.” 
Kira was overjoyed that Vivian remembered her. Carrying the plate over, she squatted in front of Vivian. 
###Chapter 800
Chapter 800
“Vivi, I made this yummy cake especially for you.” 
“I am not eating it now. I want to find someone to help Uncle Sebastian. He is sick. 
Vivian always loved to eat so it was unusual for her to refrain from munching on this fragrant dessert and go searching for Aunt Sabrina while hugging her doll. 
Seeing this, Kira began to understand. 
Is he sick? 
He is probably showing withdrawal symptoms from his drug addiction. 
She quickly gathered Vivian in her arms. “It’s all right. Your Uncle Sebastian can call the doctor from here. There’s a bell, you see? They’ll be here really quickly.” 
“Is that so?” 
The little girl looked at her doubtfully. 
Kira did not try to explain further, but hugged her and waited there. After a few minutes, a doctor in a white coat really did come out of the elevator and rushed into the bedroom. 
Only then did Kira look at the little girl again. 
“Did you see that? Ms. Woods told you the truth.” 
“Yeah!”
Vivian was finally convinced. 
Then, she picked up the cake Kira had brought for her. 
Sensing that it was a good opportunity, Kira started questioning, “By the way, Vivi, did you know Aunt Sabrina a long time ago?” 
“Hmm?” 
Even though she had brought the cake to her lips, Vivian stopped short of eating it. 
Why is Ms. Woods asking this question? 
Aunt Sabrina had told her that she must not tell anyone here that they are really relatives or say that they know each other. 
With her big pretty eyes, the little girl gazed at this Ms. Woods who had come especially to bring her a snack. 
“Oh, I don’t know her. I’ve never met her before.” 
“Huh?” 
Kira was waiting expectantly for the reply and so the reply she received was totally disappointing. 
She gazed at her and asked again, “You really don’t know her? Then why did she pick you up from the airport?” 
Vivian was speechless. 
This Ms. Woods is really a bad person. She is a stalker who secretly watched us at the airport.
After having been warned by Aunt Sabrina, the yummy cake was suddenly no longer fragrant to the little girl. 
“I don’t know, I really don’t know… Boo hoo hoo… I want my uncle, I want Uncle Sebastian!” 
Suddenly she started bawling and her tears fell pitter-patter. Pushing away this bad Ms. Woods, she ran outside. 
Kira was dumbfounded. 
She wanted to go after her, catch her and find out the truth but it was too late. Sabrina who had heard the sound of Sebastian’s withdrawal symptoms had just come out of the lift. 
“Kira, why are you here?” 
Sabrina’s anger rose just as her pretty eyebrows were raised the moment she saw Kira squatting at the door with a cake on a plate when the elevator door opened. 
Kira had not expected her to appear so suddenly. 
In that moment of shock, she almost lost her balance. 
“I-I heard that Dr. West’s daughter is here, so I made some snacks for her,” she explained anxiously. 
Snacks? 
Sabrina did not believe her at all. 
However, at this moment, Vivian had returned to Daddy’s room and was crying outside as if her heart was breaking.
Seeing that, Sabrina glared angrily at Kira and warned her, “I’m warning you, leave the child alone or else, I’ll teach you a lesson!” 
With that, she rushed to the child. 
Kira was left there, motionless for a long time. She stared into the distance, seeing red! 
Sabrina, you won’t be so proud for long! 
Two hours passed by before Sebastian calmed down. Following that, Sabrina who was outside all the while came in bringing the child with her. 
As Sabrina came in and saw the exhausted man lying in bed, she could not help asking with her voice full of worry, “Doctor, why did it take so long this time for him to calm down? He got over it quite quickly the last time.” 
Yes, the last time, I had used Sasha’s singing to comfort him and he quietened down very quickly. 
Why is it that this time…? 
“I find it rather strange, too. These few days, his condition has been good. I don’t understand either why this time, it took so long. I’ll take a sample of his blood for testing.” 
As the doctor spoke, he put a sample of Sebastian’s blood which he had drawn earlier into his bag. 
Sabrina watched in silence. 
“Aunt Sabrina, D-D-Dad… Uncle Sebastian is very sick, isn’t he? Is he going to die?” 
The little girl in her arms suddenly spoke. She looked at Daddy with tears in her eyes, and her childish voice was full of sadness.
When she heard the child speak, Sabrina stopped talking to the doctor and turned to comfort her. 
“No, no, Uncle Sebastian is sure to get well. You heard the doctor say he’s sick but after taking medicine and an injection, he’ll recover.” 
“is that true?” 
Vivian seemed to doubt her words. 
If only Mommy is here. She is the most awesome doctor. 
Vivian suddenly thought of this. 
So, a few minutes later, when Sabrina went with the doctor to get the prescription, the little girl picked up the phone her Daddy left on the table. 
Vivian was a smart little girl. The screen of the phone was locked. So, she brought it to the bed, grabbed Daddy’s big hand, and tried pressing his fingers on the phone, one by one. 
When the screen was unlocked, she quickly called Mommy. 
###Chapter 801
Chapter 801
“Hello, Mommy, I’m Vivi!” 
“Vivi!” 
In Jetroina, Sasha had not awoken for too long. She was just given permission to touch her mobile phone and was shocked when she suddenly saw the WhatsApp video call from the mobile phone screen. She thought she was mistaken. 
Sebastian giving me a video call? That’s unthinkable! 
When she finally overcame her excitement and accepted the call, she heard Vivian’s voice on the speaker. 
“Yes, Mommy, are you better? I’m now with Daddy.” 
The little girl happily greeted Mommy and when she spoke about Daddy, she cleverly glanced at the bed on which he was asleep, fearful of being discovered. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Of course she knew that the little girl was with Daddy. 
You little imp! I haven’t even properly awoken after my surgery and you have already committed this mischievous act! I haven’t even smacked you on your buttocks yet! 
Sasha contained her anger. “Aren’t you embarrassed to tell Mommy about this? Do you know how much time and effort your Uncle Solomon has spent to take care of it you while I’m here!”
“Mommy…” 
Through the phone, the child could understand that her mommy was upset with her. Immediately, she put on a sad expression of feeling wronged. 
At that moment, Solomon entered the room and he saw what had happened. He couldn’t help chiding Sasha, “She’s just a child. Just let it be.” 
Sasha did not reply. 
“All right, Mommy will not scold you. How are you doing there? Have you seen Daddy?” Sasha heeded Solomon’s advice and did not scold the little girl anymore. 
Vivian cheered up quickly. 
“Yes, I have. It was Aunt Sabrina who brought me here. Daddy was sick and he was yelling in the room. The doctors came just now. Mommy, is Daddy going to die?” Holding the mobile phone, the little child asked in a tearful voice, full of worry. 
Hearing this, Sasha turned pale for a moment. 
He would certainly live. 
Yet, hearing the word suddenly from the child’s lips, she was deeply saddened. 
While suppressing the grief and worry within herself, Sasha consoled her daughter, “No, Daddy will be fine. If you spend more time with Daddy there, he will recover really quickly.” 
“Is that true?” 
After hearing her Mommy’s words, the little child finally believed that her Daddy will turn out fine.
Obediently, she nodded at the phone. “All right, then. I’ll spend more time with Daddy. Mommy, I’m hanging up now, before Daddy wakes up.” 
The little child saw her Daddy move a little on the bed and she became very anxious. 
However, when Sasha heard that Vivian was ending the call, she quickly stopped her. “Wait! Turn the camera toward Daddy and let me take a look at him.” 
Feeling a little awkward, she blushed as she made this request to her little daughter in the presence of another man in the room. 
Solomon’s gaze dimmed as he saw this scene. 
Holding the phone, Vivian turned and pointed the camera directly onto Daddy who was lying there in bed. 
Sebastian had obviously lost a lot of weight. 
Sasha had worked hard fattening him up before leaving. However, only a few days had past and yet, she can see how much weight he had lost. 
Besides that, he looked haggard as well. 
It could only be attributed to the substance abuse his body had been subjected to. 
Sasha’s eyes turned red. 
“We’re done, now, sweetie. You may end the call. While you’re here, you must obey Daddy and listen to Aunt Sabrina, too. Do you understand?” 
“Mommy, I understand. You must hurry up and come home, too.”
The little child made her request in reply. 
With tears in her eyes, Sasha agreed. 
She really wanted to go over soon. That was the reason why she had proceeded with the second surgery even before fully recovering from the first. 
Sasha finally put down the phone. 
Seeing this, Solomon spoke again, “What’s going on? He… is it very bad over there?” 
Sasha shook her head. “I don’t know. Nonetheless, Sabrina told me before that this substance is a new invention. It’s more difficult to rehabilitate than the previous types.” 
A new type of substance? 
When Solomon heard this description, suddenly his thoughts went back to the past. 
That was what his mother used to do. 
It was evening at Oceanic Estate. 
When Sebastian woke up, the sunlight had dimmed. At the horizon, the sunset had painted the clouds red. The moment he opened his eyes, the fading sunlight shone in, drenching his whole home in red. 
Did I sleep for so long? 
He frowned and then pulled off his blanket before getting up. 
Thud! 
Something at his side fell onto the floor when he got up.
He looked down and saw his own mobile phone. 
When did this get onto my bed? 
He bent down and picked it up. 
###Chapter 802
Chapter 802
Click… 
This phone had automatic facial recognition. After picking it up, only the soft sound of the lock screen being opened was heard. The screen immediately lit up and turned itself on. 
There was a notification on the screen: You have received 2 WhatsApp messages from Macy… 
Sebastian read the notification on his mobile phone in silence. 
Suddenly, his cold expressionless eyes widened, and his heart which had been usually calm lately, beat loudly. 
Finally, this woman is texting me. 
is it because of the child? 
Immediately, he tapped open the message. 
Macy: Vivi, remember to take more photos of Daddy to send to Mommy. 
He continued to read the next message. 
Macy: Make sure the photos look good and do not let him know. Do you understand? Sebastian was stunned into shocked silence. 
Perhaps, Sasha did not realize that the worst mistake she made was to be caught by this man. 
Daddy?
Furthermore, asking her daughter to take some good pictures… 
As he held the mobile phone and read these messages, his eyes narrowed. He began to feel very irritated and started tapping on the screen in reply. 
Sebastian: Who is her Daddy? 
Macy did not reply. 
Sebastian: What photos are you instructing her to take? Macy, what is your agenda in trying so hard to send her over here? How shameless can you get? Have you lost all sense of decency over a man? 
Since he was feeling really angry, his choice of words was very harsh. 
In the hospital in Jetroina. 
Sasha had, in fact, been worried about the WhatsApp messages for one whole afternoon. 
In the morning, after the video call with her daughter, she momentarily forgot that this mobile phone was actually Sebastian’s, so she sent two messages after the call. 
Finally, when it occurred to her that he was the owner of the mobile, it was too late to delete the messages. 
When the replies to the text messages came, her heart beat wildly and she immediately opened them. 
Sebastian: Does your husband know what type of woman you are? 
She could not reply. 
For a few moments, she stared at the few text messages, dumbfounded. 
Is this his attitude towards me?
According to her understanding, she had only sent the messages accidentally so, even though the messages might not sound too decent, he had received her child and they had not contacted each other for so long, he should not mind the texts too much even if he disliked them. 
What was going on now? 
Every phrase is full of venom and every word insulting. So, this is what you think of me? To you, I’m such a despicable woman? 
Sasha was at first disappointed but in the end, she felt angry, too. 
Macy: Mr. Hayes, are you imagining things? I asked my daughter to take some photos of you because when you had passed out. She had called to say that you were very sick. I was concerned about you and so I asked her to take some photos to show me how serious your condition was. 
Macy: Furthermore, weren’t you the one who pestered me to have my daughter brought over to your place? What do you mean by I tried so hard to send her to your place? Mr. Hayes, have you just awoken? Is your brain is still fuzzy? 
Sebastian was too furious for words! 
The last message angered Sebastian so much, that he trembled after reading it and he saw flashes of black before his eyes. 
From his point of view, he had shown her kindness when she was sick. There was no one to look after her daughter so he had taken her in. Was he wrong to do that? 
He was so furious, it got into his head. 
Sebastian: Macy, you are courting death!
Macy: Oh, yes, I am courting death! I am undergoing surgery far away in Jetroina and I cannot even get out of the hospital bed. Yet, I’m concerned about your well-being. Aren’t I courting death? More than that, I’m putting myself down. 
Sasha was not mincing her words but sounding harsh as she was infuriated by Sebastian. 
As a result, after the last message was sent, there was no reply. 
You scoundrel! How dare you scold me! 
Sasha felt pleased with herself and she casually put her phone aside. 
After five minutes of feeling pleased, she started to worry at the sight of the quiet screen. 
Is this guy really angry? 
Is he going to block me? 
As these thoughts went through her mind, she felt some regret, so she took the phone in her hand again. 
She could understand why he felt angry. 
Firstly, he had no idea who she was. At the moment, she was just a stranger to him. These messages were truly inappropriate from that point of view. 
The second reason was his character. 
He had always disliked anyone contacting him with a hidden agenda, especially women. Even when he was physically healthy, this bothered him a lot. 
Not to mention now, that he was feeling unwell.
Hence, she really understood his anger. 
Yet, even if he was angry, he should not say that she was despicable. Have you lost all sense of decency? 
He did not know that he was her husband. 
Sasha waited for a few minutes. There was still no incoming message on her phone. She swallowed hard… 
Macy: Mr. Hayes? 
Macy: I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. I was a bit hasty. I should not have lost my temper with you. I only wanted to tell you that I have no ulterior motives. I was just concerned about your health, that’s all. 
She tried to explain. 
###Chapter 803
Chapter 803
Once she sent the message, Sasha began to wait anxiously. 
At the same time, Haruto entered to change her bandages. Although Sasha had just regained the strength to leave the bed, he caught sight of Sasha standing in front of the ward’s table with her eyes fixated intensely on her phone. 
The sight left him stunned. 
“Ms. Wand, what are you doing?” Haruto asked in a tone of disbelief. 
“I’m waiting for a message,” Sasha replied without turning around. 
Haruto’s eyes widened in shock. “Waiting for a message? Then why are you standing up? You should be waiting for it while lying in bed. If Mr. Akiyama sees you like this, he will berate you again.” 
Sasha remained silent. 
After she shot a glance at the nagging Jetroinian doctor, Sasha finally made her way to the bed with her phone clutched in her grasps. 
Unbeknownst to her, the man back at Oceanic Estate had tossed his phone into the drawer and left the room with a dark look loomed across his face. 
Was my reaction out of line? Why did I get so worked up over two simple messages? 
Moreover, he did not rejoice after she denied it. Instead, he lost his temper. 
With a large scowl, Sebastian made his way downstairs.
“Mr. Hayes, a-are you hungry? Old Mr. Jadeson and the rest are waiting to eat with you. I-I’ll go ahead and call them here right now,” the housemaid stammered when she noticed the foul mood that hung over Sebastian. Immediately, she scurried off to call for Jonathan and the rest. 
Ten minutes later, everyone had gathered in the dining room. 
“Uncle Sebastian, you are finally awake. Are you feeling better? Let Vivi give you a check-up!” Vivian, who was carried into the dining room, leaped out of Aunt Sabrina’s embrace and rushed towards Sebastian enthusiastically. 
Despite Vivian’s enthusiasm, Sebastian remained silent. 
Due to the seething rage in his heart, he wasn’t in the mood to entertain her. 
Yet, when her chubby arms wrapped around his arm, and Sebastian caught a whiff of the scent of milk clinging to her skin. Immediately, he found his foul mood vanishing into thin air. “Where did you play at earlier? Look at your hands; they are all covered in dirt. Go and wash them right now!” he chided her. 
“No!” Vivian pouted and said stubbornly, “Vivi wants to give Uncle Sebastian a check-up! Vivi needs to see if Uncle Sebastian is fine now.” 
Like an octopus, she clambered up Sebastian’s legs and planted her grimy hands on his forehead. 
Both Sebastian and Sabrina were too stunned to speak. 
Even Jonathan, who was seated opposite, was taken aback by the scene that unfolded before his eyes. When did he become so patient? Wasn’t he the person who would throw a fit if he found stray hairs in his room when he first moved in? Not to mention, Sebastian suffers from mysophobia. 
When Jonathan saw how Sebastian let Vivian touch him with her dirty hands, his eyes nearly popped out of his head.
After Vivian was finally satisfied, she left Sebastian alone and went to wash her hands. 
Finally, Sabrina snapped out of her daze as she handed Sebastian a wet tissue. “Are you alright? Do you want to change into a fresh set of clothes or take a shower?” 
After all, she was aware of her brother’s mysophobia. 
Much to everyone’s surprise, Sebastian accepted the tissue and used it to wipe his hands. “I’m fine. Let’s eat,” he uttered calmly. 
Hence, Sabrina sat down and enjoyed her meal. 
As soon as she finished her meal, she noticed someone calling her. Immediately, Sabrina glanced at the screen and leaped up in shock when she spotted the caller. 
Sabrina rushed out with her phone. “Are you sick? Are you mad that I spent too much time here?” 
“Not at all. I have something urgent to ask you!” Sasha hurriedly explained when she caught wind of Sabrina’s panicked tone. “I got into an argument with your brother.” 
“Huh? You got into an argument with him? Why did the two of you argue? Aren’t you currently in Jetroina?” Sabrina exclaimed. 
Sasha let out a heavy sigh and explained the incident that had occurred in great detail. On the other hand, Sabrina listened intently as her jaw dropped in utter shock. 
“Sha, you’ve always told me to be careful. How could you make such a big mistake?” 
Sabrina’s words were like a heavy stone weighing down Sasha’s chest. It was getting increasingly difficult for Sasha to catch her breath. I didn’t do it on purpose!
Fortunately, Sabrina helped Sasha brainstorm for an idea after berating her. “When we were having lunch earlier, I didn’t notice anything weird about him,” Sabrina said. 
“Really?” Immediately, Sasha’s mood brightened. 
Sabrina nodded her head. “Yeah. Despite his OCD, he didn’t scold Vivi when she climbed on him. That’s why I think there’s still hope to salvage your relationship,” Sabrina explained over the phone. 
Sasha felt as if a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders. It seems like not all hope is lost. 
After Sabrina ended her call with Sasha, she returned to the dining room. However, she approached Jonathan instead of Sebastian. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, the results of Sebastian’s medical check-up were released today. The report stated that there are ingredients of the drug that is yet to be properly examined. Do you want to consult a pharmacist to check on it?” she asked. 
###Chapter 804
Chapter 804
“A pharmacist?” Jonathan, who was in the midst of his tea, lifted his head and gave Sabrina a questioning look. 
Sabrina moved to take a seat in front of Jonathan. “That’s right. In the past, someone injected the same drug into my body. As a result, it drove me insane for months. It was a pharmacist who cured me of my madness.” 
“Really?” Jonathan asked. The topic had garnered his interest. 
“Yes.” Sabrina nodded as she showed him the medical records stored in her phone. The person I need to bring up in this conversation is none other than Roxanne. 
When she visited the doctor for a blood test earlier this afternoon, the doctor informed her that Sebastian’s abnormal behavior was due to the drug coursing through his veins. 
The moment Sabrina heard the doctor’s words, Roxanne appeared in her mind. Not only did she save me, she even saved Rufus’ life. 
Sabrina kept her silence as she observed Jonathan. 
At the same time, she felt a sharp gaze boring into her. 
Sebastian’s intense stare seemed to relay a warning. Don’t you dare arrange a meeting for me to meet random strangers without my permission! If you do, I’ll make sure you regret it. 
Sabrina merely ignored her brother’s glare.
“This is quite impressive. Where is this person right now? Bring her here,” Jonathan mused after he finished reading Sabrina’s medical reports. 
A grin spread across Sabrina’s face. But before she could reply, she was interrupted by Sebastian, who rose abruptly to his feet. 
“Sabrina, do you have too much time on your hands?” Sebastian’s icy tone startled Sabrina, causing her to flinch in fear. 
Even Jonathan whirled around to face him. “Sebastian, what are you doing? Your sister is just trying to find you a doctor to understand the product in your body. Why are you behaving in such an attitude?” 
“Attitude? Do you want the whole world to know that the great Jonathan’s grandson has been diagnosed with a drug addiction? Or do you want the pharmaceutical base to gain another test subject? If you don’t mind that, why don’t you call her here now?” Sebastian’s eyes darkened as he let out a bitter laugh. 
For a few moments, Sebastian’s outburst left Jonathan struggling for a coherent response. Why did he get so upset over such a small matter? How could the mere topic of a pharmacist evoke such a huge reaction from him? 
But Jonathan was most taken aback by the fact that Sebastian referred to himself as Jonathan’s grandson to reject the idea of meeting the pharmacist. 
Jonathan decided to remain silent. But deep down, he was pleased that Sebastian had called himself his grandson. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson…” Sabrina began hesitantly. 
“It’s all right; you should go back and rest. We will continue this discussion some other time. Tomorrow, I will drop by to visit Grayson and ask for his opinion,” Jonathan replied curtly and ended the conversation.
Although Sabrina had mentioned Roxanne, she initially wanted to observe Sebastian’s attitude to see if he was willing to accept a new doctor. 
After all, Roxanne had a true knack with matters regarding drugs. 
Following Jonathan’s instructions, Sabrina returned to her room. After a few moments of hesitation, she decided to call Devin. 
“Hello?” Although it was late at night, he had yet to fall asleep. 
Sabrina was delighted when she heard his voice. “Devin, I thought of someone who can save my brother!” 
“Who is it?” 
“I’m talking about Roxanne. Do you still remember her? After Yancy poisoned me, she managed to save me from the poison. She truly is amazing. If the doctors cannot cure the poison in my brother’s blood, I think that we should consult her.” The more Sabrina spoke, the more excited she got. It seemed like she was under the illusion that Sebastian would be miraculously cured as soon as he visited Roxanne. 
Although Roxanne was a capable doctor, wouldn’t her presence stir more trouble for Sebastian and Sasha? Devin disagreed with Sabrina’s thoughts. “I don’t think it is a good idea to consult Roxanne. Don’t you know that your sister-in-law detests Roxanne? Sasha is currently undergoing treatment in Jetroina right now. How do you think she’d feel if we invited her sworn enemy here?” 
In hindsight, Sabrina had forgotten about the rivalry between Roxanne and Sasha. Immediately, she fell silent. 
I was too busy trying to help Sebastian that I forgot about it entirely. 
Feeling embarrassed, Sabrina vowed not to bring up Roxanne anymore.
But three days later, Sebastian experienced drug addiction withdrawal symptoms. To everyone’s horror, he violently coughed up blood and was rushed to the hospital. Results showed that his lungs began to show traces of erosion from the D product. 
“How could this happen? Didn’t he recover from it already? Why did his condition worsen all of a sudden?” Jonathan demanded agitatedly. Stricken with shock and anger, even his lips were pale. 
Similarly, Grayson wore a somber look across his face. 
Yet, seeing Jonathan’s worried state, he decided to reassure Jonathan to ease his worries. 
###Chapter 805
Chapter 805
“Relax, he isn’t in critical condition yet. The situation will be under control the moment we find out which drug is affecting his lungs.” 
“When can you find it?” Jonathan asked immediately. 
Grayson could not form an immediate answer to Jonathan’s worried question. 
After he mulled over the situation, Grayson finally decided to suggest the idea that Jonathan had mentioned a few days earlier. 
“According to Sebastian’s condition, I suggest consulting Trevor and his daughter.” 
“Trevor?” Jonathan’s eyes widened in disbelief. “Didn’t you advise me that it would be better to avoid any contact? You also mentioned that the pharmaceutical group he operates has several ties with foreign dignitaries. It would be wise not to get involved with him.” 
Grayson nodded in agreement. “Yes, but there is no other choice. When it comes to pharmaceutics, there is no one more capable in this country than the father-daughter duo.” 
In truth, Grayson wanted to add that he initially disapproved because he thought of Sasha, who was currently undergoing a painful operation herself. 
Grayson wanted to avoid putting any more strain on the married couple. 
Finally, Jonathan relented and agreed to consult Trevor and Roxanne. 
After Jonathan left, Grayson called Sasha immediately.
“Ms. Wand, should we send someone to bring Trevor and his daughter here? We can continue our research-” 
“It’s alright.” Unexpectedly, Sasha interjected before Grayson could finish his sentence. 
She stood in her ward as she cradled her bandage-wrapped cheek. As if in a daze, Sasha gazed off into the distance. Her lips were deathly pale, and there were tears in her bright eyes. 
“I want you to bring them there this instant,” Sasha said. 
“But-” 
“Dr. Wallen, it’s all right. Nothing could be more important than his precious life. All I want is for him to live a healthy and normal life. It is my only wish,” Sasha replied in a firm tone. Despite her steady voice, she was close to bursting into tears. 
What else could be more important than his life? If that woman can save his life, I wouldn’t mind if she moves into the Oceanic Estate or spends every single day by his side. I’m content with that. 
With that, Sasha ended the call. For a long time, she remained rooted to the spot like a puppet with its strings cut as she gazed out the window. 
She did not move from her spot until the nurse called her to the operating theater. 
Macy texted Sebastian: Mr. Hayes, I heard that you are recovering soon. Congratulations on your quick recovery! Make sure you cherish your own life, all right? 
After she sent the message, Sasha entered the operating theater. 
On this day, it had almost been a month since they separated. 
Oddly, a month didn’t seem too long or short.
Finally, Sasha was at the last stage of her facial surgery. After she underwent the final procedure, she had to endure the healing process. It was akin to living in hell. 
To ensure that her skin’s metabolism level returned to its normal state, the doctors would repeatedly cut open the healed wounds on her face. 
Next, they would inject a substance that would regenerate her skin. In Sasha’s eyes, the entire process felt like she was living in a nightmare. 
Fortunately, she began to recover after a month. 
“Quick! Take a look at your face. Does it resemble the one you had in the past?” After Haruto removed her bandages, he grabbed a large mirror to show Sasha her reflection. 
Solomon also dropped by to pay Sasha a visit. 
When Solomon entered the ward, his gaze fell upon the woman seated under the bright sunlight. The woman’s beauty took his breath away. She’s finally back. 
The woman now had delicate facial features, and her skin looked as smooth as silk. In fact, her skin looked better than before. Her large, dark eyes that resembled a pair of gleaming rhinestones remained as bright as ever. When Sasha turned, her alluring gaze caused his heart to skip a beat. 
Yet, this wasn’t the first time Solomon found himself in awe of Sasha’s breathtaking beauty. He had always viewed her as a beautiful woman. 
“Finally, you’ve fully recovered. You are free to go wherever you please now!” Haruto said and beamed after he admired Sasha’s face. 
Initially, Sasha was overwhelmed with joy. But as quick as it came, the happiness gleaming in her bright eyes dimmed.
I can go wherever I please? A month ago, I would be overjoyed to hear these words. Although the original recovery period was three months, I managed to shorten it to two months. All because I was determined to return… 
When she thought of this, Sasha felt her heart clench in painful sorrow. 
“Nancy?” 
“All right, let’s pay Willow a visit,” Sasha replied with a reluctant grin to mask her sadness. 
Although Solomon noticed her disappointment, he made no comment about it. He took her luggage and the duo exited the ward. 
But just as they headed downstairs, a white Cayenne pulled up in front of the hospital entrance. 
Soon after, a tall and handsome man emerged from the Cayenne. At the same time, a young girl, dressed in pink from head to toe, hopped out of the car with her small hand clutched in the man’s larger one. 
###Chapter 806
Chapter 806
“Uncle Sebastian, this is Mommy’s hospital.” The girl’s childlike voice echoed loudly when the duo stepped into the hospital. Immediately everyone whirled around to look at them. 
Oh my goodness! This child is unbelievably pretty! 
Not only was she dressed in a pink mini skirt, but there was also a khaki-colored hat in the shape of a pair of pointed ears perched on the little girl’s head. Her skin was as white as snow, and her large eyes gleamed each time she blinked, making them look like stars on a night sky. At the same time, the onlookers were dying to pinch her adorable cheeks. 
Her adorable appearance resembled a porcelain doll. 
Who on earth is she? How could there be such an adorable little girl? 
Stunned by her cuteness, the onlookers shifted their attention to the man holding her hand. 
A single glance at the man stole their breath away. 
Compared to the little girl, the man was dressed subtly. Yet, his simple clothing did not affect his handsome features as an air of elegance hung around the man’s tall figure. 
Compared to the little girl, his striking looks garnered more dazed stares. 
Upon their entrance, the entire lobby fell silent. 
Back upstairs, Sasha and Solomon were clueless about the events that occurred downstairs.
They made their way towards the lift. Feeling downhearted, Sasha trailed after Solomon’s heels with her head hung low. 
Bang. 
Just as they reached the lift, Solomon came to a screeching halt. Caught off guard, Sasha collided against his back. 
“Solomon, what are you doing? Why did you stop out of the blue?” Sasha asked as she rubbed her aching nose. 
Yet, Solomon remained silent. 
It felt like he was nailed to the spot. His widened eyes were fixated intensely on something at the hospital lobby as his back stiffened. How is this possible? Why is he here? Isn’t he in Jadeborough? 
In the mere span of seconds, Solomon’s mood took a drastic turn. 
“Solomon?” Sasha called out again. From her position, Solomon’s back obscured her vision of the lobby. It left her confused by the man’s lack of response. Why is he not moving? 
As her patience frayed, Sasha tried to step forward. Her sudden movement seemed to snap Solomon out of his shocked daze as he thrust his arm out to block her path. 
“You-” 
“A-Are you sure you want to go there?” Solomon turned around and asked. His face had turned extremely pale. 
Sasha gave him a look of puzzlement. Why shouldn’t I go there? What on earth is he trying to do? 
Sasha ignored Solomon’s question and made her way around him before she continued forward.
Isn’t this an ordinary lift? There doesn’t seem to be anything wrong with it. From her peripheral view, Sasha noticed someone moving downstairs. 
“Uncle Sebastian, Mommy is on the third floor. We need to take the lift,” Vivian said cheerfully. 
“Okay.” 
The man led the little girl to the lift and pressed on the button that would bring them to the third floor. Up above, Sasha stared at their figures. 
Ding. She watched as the figures entered the lift before they vanished from sight. 
Who are they? Am I seeing things because of my downcast mood? 
Sasha felt as if all her blood had rushed to the top of her head. All of a sudden, she found herself trapped in a blurry haze. Everything around her sounded oddly faint and muffled. The only sensation she felt was the trembles that wracked her body. 
“Don’t panic. Since he’s here, he must be looking for you. Why don’t you meet him?” Solomon reassured her gently. 
Contrary to his tender tone, the words left a sour taste that lingered on his tongue. 
Earlier, Solomon wanted to stop Sasha. The moment he caught sight of that man, a wild idea appeared in his head. I should stop her from seeing him. 
After all, this was an opportunity he’d been waiting for ages. 
But in the end, Solomon decided to let Sasha go. Once again, he sacrificed his own happiness for the sake of hers.
Solomon’s words managed to snap Sasha out of her daze as she stopped trembling. 
“You w-want him to meet me? Now?” she mumbled hesitantly. 
“That’s right. Is there a problem?” 
“N-Not at all. But, would it be appropriate to greet him like this? Not only did I change my appearance, but he also might not remember me at all. W-What if he doesn’t recognize me?” Sasha rambled in panic as she cupped her face. The thought of meeting him left her so nervous that she could not talk coherently. 
After all, I didn’t use to look like this. What if he can’t accept my new appearance? But he came all the way here… 
Trapped in turmoil, Sasha noticed that the lift was quickly approaching the third floor. Unable to take it anymore, she spun on her heel and took off in the opposite direction. 
###Chapter 807
Chapter 807
Solomon called out behind her, “Where are you going?” 
Just then, the elevator had arrived, so Solomon had to stop. A moment later, the doors slid back, revealing the passengers within it. In there stood a man and a young girl. 
“Uncle Solomon!” Vivian called out to him happily and ran up to him. 
Solomon bent over to pick her up, ignoring the glare the girl’s father was giving him. “You’re finally home, huh? Hmm, did you gain some weight?” 
“No, I did not!” Vivian quickly denied it. “I’m a girl, Uncle Solomon. And girls can’t gain weight. That’d be bad.” 
Solomon laughed, amused by her reply. After he was done chatting with the girl, he looked up at the man before him, who had been waiting for a while. 
As usual, he looked upset to see Solomon. He looked furious, his gaze dark, threatening to swallow him if he didn’t answer the man’s unvoiced questions. 
If Solomon didn’t tell the man who he was and why the girl looked so excited to see him, he might just be killed there and then. 
“Hi, I’m Solomon. Dr. West’s friend.” 
“Her friend?” The man didn’t like the sound of that, and his anger flared further. Hah! What nonsense! There’s no way a man and a woman can have a platonic friendship.
Sebastian didn’t believe him one bit, especially not when Solomon looked so young and sounded like he knew his wife well. Well, now I’m annoyed. 
“She has a friend? And here I thought this girl is the only one she got left. Even her husband is missing. So There’s no way she has any friends,” Sebastian mocked. 
“Huh?” Solomon stared at Sebastian dumbly. What’s gotten into him? What’s with all the scathing remarks? I just told him I’m Macy’s friend. So why is he overreacting? 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. Perhaps you’ve misunderstood me. I’m just her friend. Nothing more, nothing less.” 
“Really? If you’re just a friend, how’d you know who I am?” 
Solomon fell silent at that. He thought that the argument was getting pointless. I never thought Sebastian would become so stubborn and unreasonable after the breakup. He’s acting like a petulant kid who saw someone playing with his favorite toy. 
And to think he used to be the president of Hayes Corporation. 
Fortunately for him, just as the tension was about to rise, Sasha finally arrived on the scene after she went back earlier. “M-Mr. Hayes? Why are you here? When did you come?” 
Even though she made her appearance, she still didn’t want Sebastian to notice anything. As such, she first glanced at Solomon before ‘realizing’ that Sebastian was there as well. To take things a step further, she even pretended to be shocked to see Sebastian there. 
Solomon couldn’t believe that Sasha was still putting up an act at this point, and neither could Vivian. 
As for Sebastian, he too, couldn’t believe the preposterous situation. He narrowed his eyes at the audacity of how Sasha was still trying to lie when everyone had seen through her act. Her reaction only served to make him angrier.
“And here I thought you’ve been suffering. Guess you’ve been living well, huh?” 
“Sorry?” Sasha had already calmed down, thinking that Sebastian hadn’t seen through her fake face, but she started getting nervous when he mocked her. 
She quickly racked her brain for an excuse as she assessed the situation. She then explained, “Y-You’re wrong. I-I have been suffering here. Nobody came to see me when I was in the hospital. If it weren’t for you, Vivian might be starving right now.” 
For some reason, Sebastian didn’t buy that story, even though she thought it was the perfect excuse. He simply glanced at her coldly before he turned and left. 
“Hey, where are you going, Mr. Hayes? What’s wrong? Hey, let’s talk!” Sasha chased after him without a moment’s hesitation, leaving her own daughter behind. 
Whatever shall I do with her? Solomon watched as they leave and smiled bitterly, holding Vivian’s hand. 
Of course, he was well aware of why Sebastian was acting like a child. Sebastian was just jealous because there was another man at Sasha’s side. It seemed that some things would never change, not even after Sasha had taken on a new identity. 
On the contrary, it would seep deep into the soul. No matter how much someone might change, that obsession would engulf them whole when it mattered most. 
In the end, Solomon took Vivian and left the place. 
Meanwhile, Sasha finally managed to grab Sebastian just before he could leave the hospital. 
###Chapter 808
Chapter 808
“Let me go.” 
“No!” Sasha had no intention of letting go. Instead, she tightened her hold on his arm and gazed at him pitifully. “Did you come for me, Mr. Hayes?” 
“No!” 
Sebastian was irritated that she brought that up. I would have to be crazy to come here for you. I’m just here for Vivian. 
Sasha didn’t believe him. She kept staring at him, and then she laughed. “I know you’re here for me, Mr. Hayes. The guy you saw earlier isn’t related to me at all. He just helped me out during the car crash and called the doctor for me. That’s all.” 
“And what’s that got to do with me?” 
“Of course, I know it has nothing to do with you, but I do feel the need to explain myself. Wouldn’t want you to think of me as a slut now, do I?” Sasha cocked her head, grinning at him. 
She knew Sebastian was a proud man with a huge ego. He had been that way for as long as she remembered, so she knew he never meant what he said. After getting the confirmation that Sebastian came to the hospital to see her, she felt delighted. 
At the same time, Sebastian didn’t look so angry anymore, perhaps because Sasha had explained her relationship with Solomon, or perhaps because he heard that she got into a car crash. 
“So what even if you’re a slut? What does that have to do with me?”
“Of course, it doesn’t have anything to do with you. So, have you calmed down now, Mr. Hayes? Can you take me home now? I just got discharged, and I need a ride,” Sasha took one step further by making that request. 
She made that decision on the spot. Sasha never thought he would come all the way to Jetroina for her, but now that she finally ran into him, she had decided that she wouldn’t let him go no matter what. 
But alas, Sebastian didn’t give her any answer. In fact, after hearing that request, his face fell, and he glared at her haughtily. 
Oh god. Don’t tell me he’s gonna tell me off. Not after I just made up my mind to go with him. 
Sasha’s heart sank. When she looked up at him again, her lips had paled. “Mr. Hayes—” 
“Honestly, it’s a miracle your daughter got this far with a mother like you.” 
“Huh?” Sasha stared at him in disbelief. My daughter? I don’t have a… Oh, wait, Vivi! She’s not here! 
Sasha finally remembered that she had a daughter, and she let Sebastian go. “I’m sorry. This is my fault. I’ll go get her now, so can you wait for me?” 
She was in a hurry to get her daughter, but she was worried Sebastian might leave without her, so she pleaded for him to stay. 
Sebastian looked at her coldly. 
Seeing his indifferent expression, Sasha thought to herself, Oh, forget about it. I should pick up Vivi first. 
In the end, she went back to collect her daughter. A few minutes later, she came back to see Vivian helping Solomon pack her stuff up. She couldn’t believe she actually left her daughter behind just to catch up to Sebastian.
“Sorry, Solomon. I was just—” 
“It’s fine. How did it go? Is he waiting for you?” Solomon could understand how Sasha felt, so he didn’t blame her. In fact, he asked Sasha if everything went well. 
Sasha lowered her gaze in response. 
Seeing that, Solomon said nothing, but he knew the gist of it. He felt saddened, but he hid it deep within him and urged, “You should take Vivian with you right now. Don’t want him to get impatient now.” 
“Sure. Thanks, Solomon.” Sasha scooped Vivian up and ran to the exit as fast as she could. 
Much to her delight, the Cayenne was still there when she came back out with Vivian, though Sebastian had gotten into the car. 
At the same time, Vivian whispered, “Mommy, Daddy came here to see you, you know.” 
Sasha was excited to hear that. “Really? And how do you know that?” 
“Because I kept nagging to see you. Grandpa was going to ask someone to come with me, but Daddy said no and took me here himself,” Vivian explained the events briefly. 
The whole trip to Jetroina was her idea. After her brothers told her about Sasha’s full recovery, she came up with this idea so that Sebastian would take her to Jetroina himself. She wanted them to get reunited, and she got her wish fulfilled. 
I’m such a genius, Vivian thought to herself. 
However, Sasha’s excitement died down after hearing that explanation. So, he isn’t here because he wants to. He’s just fulfilling Vivi’s request.
Sasha tried her best not to think too much about it, but the news still doused her delight a bit. At the very least, the romantic aspect of the visit was thrown out the window. 
###Chapter 809
Chapter 809
Sasha and Vivian got into the car. 
As expected, the moment she got into the car, Sebastian complained, “What took you so long?” 
Sasha quickly explained, “Vivi was with Solomon, so I had to explain it to him. Oh right, Mr. Hayes. Do you have anything else you need to settle here?” 
Sebastian started the engine and drove away from the hospital. He looked at the rear-view mirror and answered, “Of course. Why else would I come all the way here for?” 
Sasha kept quiet after that. He has something else to do here? Well, that just takes the surprise visit aspect out of the window as well. He just took Vivi with him because she won’t get in his way. 
Sasha looked outside the window, telling herself that it was enough that he actually came with Vivian to see her, even if it wasn’t his real plan. 
Half an hour later, they came to a Jetroinian bar in Terrandya. 
Willow knew Sasha was coming back, so she came out happily after hearing the honk. “You’re finally back, Nancy!” But when she saw who the driver was, she cursed, “F*ck!” 
Sasha was just getting out of the car when she realized that Willow was glaring at Sebastian. “Mr. Hayes came with Vivian,” she explained. “Do you have anything to eat? Make some for me, all right?” 
“Oh, sure.” Willow snapped out of it and went back inside with Vivian in her arms.
At the same time, Sasha waited outside the bar. She thought Sebastian would go in to take a break, but to her disappointment, he didn’t come out of the car. Instead, he looked around his surroundings before a look of disgust showed on his face. 
“This is where you live?” 
Sasha didn’t know what kind of answer she should give, so she nodded. “Yes.” 
Sebastian looked even more upset at that, but he didn’t say anything to her. After a quiet glance, he revved the car up and drove off, leaving her behind. 
Sasha knew that would happen, but still, seeing him off that way left a bitter aftertaste in her mouth, and the sadness almost crippled her. 
Eventually, Willow came back out. When she didn’t see Sebastian or his car around, she asked, “What’s his deal? He took the kid all the way here with him. So why is he still acting that way?” 
Sasha forced a tired smile. “I have no idea.” 
She couldn’t fathom the reasoning behind his actions either, but she was getting mad from it. First, she was overjoyed to see him at the hospital, but after finding out that he wasn’t here for her, that excitement was replaced by despondence. 
In the end, he left her alone in front of the bar. If there was ever a roller coaster ride of emotions, Sasha thought she must have ridden the craziest one that day. 
That being said, she wondered why she was getting so emotional when it came to him. As Sasha sat down on the cushion before the table in the bar, she realized the answer to that. Maybe it’s because I’m getting greedier.
Not long after Sebastian came out of the alleyway, Jonathan’s adjutant called him. “Mr. Sebastian, are you done? I’ve contacted the PICs for the estates under Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson’s management. They’re on their way here, so you can come over now if it’s fine with you.” 
“Got it,” Sebastian answered curtly and took off his Bluetooth earphone. 
There was another reason why Sebastian came to Jetroina—to take care of Stephen’s mess. 
Sebastian arrived at Ellandria a short while later. The Jadesons’ foreign estates weren’t as great as the Hayes’, but that was no reason to think it was weak, for estates controlled by a powerful family like that was mostly related to the government. 
That was why Sebastian was surprised to find out that it was a logistics company, and the company was a designated transportation channel for some special goods. 
Having power is great. 
“You’re finally here, Mr. Sebastian. These are the persons in charge of the company,” the adjutant quickly introduced the group of people standing behind him after Sebastian arrived. 
There are people in charge of this company? Sebastian glanced at the group of people, and he realized they were staring at him too, albeit without any respect or passion. Instead, he realized there was scorn in their eyes. 
Are they mocking me? Interesting. Sebastian sat down and picked one of the documents off the stack on the table to skim through. “Is this the list of items you guys have delivered over the past few months?” 
“Yes, Mr. Sebastian. We compiled this for you. Everything’s here,” someone answered quickly. 
Sebastian went back to the list quietly. When the persons in charge standing behind the adjutant noticed that, they scoffed at Sebastian silently.
“The Jadesons must be stupid. Not even Stephen could do anything about us, and they expect this brat to do what he couldn’t?” 
###Chapter 810
Chapter 810
“Exactly. This guy looks weak. He obviously knows nothing. I bet even Stephen is better than him. At least he used to be a navy.” 
“All right, that’s enough.” 
They were discussing quietly, and they talked in Jetroinian, so nobody would notice it if they didn’t listen closely. 
Despite so, Sebastian noticed their whispers. 
Everyone in Hayes Corporation knew that nobody was allowed to talk in his office unless he permitted them to. And he was particularly sensitive to any and every sound in his presence. 
If anyone talked without his permission, the only fate waiting for them was termination. 
The Jetroinians had guts to talk even in his presence. 
After Sebastian was done skimming the file, he tossed it back on the table, and the adjutant turned to look at him. 
“Did you book the tickets?” 
“Huh?” The adjutant was surprised since he thought Sebastian would give him an order. “Mr. Sebastian, what kind of tickets are you talking about?” 
“Flight tickets.”
“Oh, I did. Three to be exact. Yours, Dr. West’s, and her daughter’s.” The adjutant quickly showed Sebastian the ticket details on his phone. 
Sebastian was finally satisfied after getting the answer he wanted. He then looked at the persons in charge calmly. “Look into their connections with Stephen. Particularly the business ones.” 
The adjutant was shocked that Sebastian came up with that order. “Mr. Sebastian! A-Are you saying that Mr. Stephen is involved?” 
“Yes. Every order form should be accompanied by a signed permit from the customs office for official delivery services like this, and the only ones permitted to take the case are the legal persons of this company. But the stamps on these forms are personal stamps. In other words, contraband. Who allowed this? Was it Stephen?” Sebastian went straight to the point impatiently. 
He thought to himself, God, am I stupid? I can’t believe I agreed to this. 
The adjutant was shocked. “Mr. Sebastian, what are you talking about? Are you saying that Mr. Stephen is involved in the contraband business?” 
“How should I know? I thought I told you to look into it. Maybe he’s being played by someone like a fool.” Sebastian sneered and looked sharply at the persons in charge. 
At the same time, those people felt that something was off. They then shuddered when Sebastian suddenly started looking at them. For some reason, they couldn’t even raise their heads. 
About ten minutes later, the adjutant managed to make them cough up a confession. The Jetroinians were kneeling on the floor, finally confessing, “Yes. We lied to Mr. Stephen. We’ve been delivering contraband for the last few months.” 
“What a bunch of B*stards! D*mn you!” The adjutant kicked them as hard as he could, but Sebastian wasn’t going to stay around and watch. In fact, he was already leaving.
It was just a trivial matter. He wouldn’t have done it himself in the past, since anyone with an ounce of brain cells could see that Stephen was duped. 
It was a pity that Stephen was the only one who had some business talent among the Jadesons, or Sebastian would have just let someone else take over. 
After the matter was settled, he left Ellandria. It was almost time for his flight, so he was going to the bar to pick Sasha and Vivian up. However, he started coughing violently on the way. 
Because of that, he had to stop to catch his breath for a long while before he could continue. Just as he was about to go on, someone called him again. 
“Hello?” 
“Where are you, Mr. Sebastian? The airport’s staff called me, and they say they haven’t seen you yet? Are you on the way there? Is your condition acting up again?” 
Why is he acting like he knows everything? Sebastian’s face fell. He didn’t want to answer the question, but since he might not make it in time for the flight, he held his anger down and ordered, “Get me a hotel for the night. Send me the details after you’re done.” 
“Understood Mr. Sebastian.” The adjutant hung up and went to book a hotel room. 
Sebastian called Sasha to tell her where the hotel was after that. Sasha took Vivian and left in a hurry, but it still took her two hours to get to the hotel. It was the best five-star hotel in Terrandya, and when she came in, Sebastian was already asleep. 
“Mark, what happened to him?” 
Mark came in at the same time and saw Sebastian on the bed. He knew what happened, so he explained somberly, “His condition is acting up again, Dr. West. Mr. Sebastian is in a dire state right now.
Ever since the drugs injured his lungs, he’s prone to bouts of coughs. Every time it happens, he’ll get feverish.” 
Sasha was shocked to hear that Sebastian’s lungs were injured. What? Why? I thought they got Roxanne to help him out? She’s a genius, so why is he still hurt? 
Sasha couldn’t calm down, not after hearing that. She stared at Mark, asking, “How did this happen? Not even Roxanne could break those drugs down?” 
“Roxanne?” Mark paused for a moment. “Are you talking about Ms. Rocke? Mr. Sebastian hated that we hired her to help him out, so we had to ask Dr. Wallen to make the antidote for the drugs. But it has dragged on for a while when the antidote was made.” 
Sasha was stunned. For a moment, she felt woozy, and she staggered backward. He didn’t ask for Roxanne’s help? He refused her? 
Guilt and regret enveloped her, and she stared dumbly at the man on the bed. The thought that she ever doubted him was starting to make her suffocate. Even though he had forgotten everything about their relationship, he still unconsciously refused that woman. 
Why? Because of the message I sent? Or because he did it on reflex? Even though he had forgotten everything, he instinctively knew what I disliked. It’s like his soul remembers. 
###Chapter 811
Chapter 811
Sasha took care of Sebastian for the next few days, though he wasn’t in any danger. He was just being feverish. Perhaps the drugs had broken his immunity down too much, and the cold in Jetroina knocked him out, so he was out for a while. 
Sasha was brewing a bowl of medicine in the kitchen. When it was time to change towels, she told Vivian, “Vivi, can you get me another towel? Daddy will feel better that way.” 
“Okay!” Vivian promptly put her paper airplane down and wobbled toward her father. Changing towels was a piece of cake. She was a doctor’s daughter, so she knew a lot of stuff. 
Vivian went to the bed and took off the towel on Sebastian’s forehead before going into the restroom. When she came out a few minutes later, she was holding a newly rinsed towel. 
As Vivian put the wet towel back on Sebastian’s head, he grunted. Vivian quickly told him, “Don’t move, Daddy. This will help with the fever. You’ll be fine in no time.” She patted the towel. 
Since she didn’t twist the towel at all, water was flowing down from Sebastian’s forehead. By the time Sasha came by, the whole pillow was getting wet. 
God, this girl… Sasha quickly put the medicine aside and helped Sebastian up. 
Sebastian grunted groggily, irritated that he was disturbed again. 
Sasha immediately said, “Your pillow’s wet, Mr. Hayes. I’ll change it for you.” 
Suddenly, Sebastian’s eyelashes started to flutter, and at long last, he opened his eyes to look at the woman who was holding him in her arms.
It was a soft embrace. Since she needed to change his pillows, she had to hold the back of his head to keep him from falling. Thanks to that, he was inches away from her chest. 
Feeling that, Sebastian opened his eyes immediately. He could hear the sound of her heartbeats, and her chest felt really soft. He sobered up immediately. 
“Oh, you’re awake, Mr. Hayes.” Sasha finally noticed him stirring in her arms, but she froze when she met his gaze. “D-Don’t take this the wrong way. I’m just trying to change the pillow. That’s why I’m holding you.” 
She reflexively put him back down after changing the pillow, her face flushed red. Well, that was awkward. Why did he suddenly wake up? She wouldn’t have done what she did if she knew he would wake up. 
Sasha stood there awkwardly, but fortunately, Sebastian did nothing but glance at her darkly after he was put back on the bed. “Why are you here?” 
“Huh?” Sasha explained, “Mark called me. He said you’re sick.” 
Mark? Why did he butt in? Sebastian was upset, but he said nothing. Instead, he tried to get up. 
Sasha came to his help right away. “You’re still feverish, so be careful. We don’t want you falling down now.” 
Sebastian wanted her to go away since he wasn’t that weak yet. Or so he thought. 
When he tried to move, he could feel his strength failing him, and everything was spinning. D*mmit! He was getting more irritated with every passing second. 
Since Sasha had been working as a doctor for years, she knew what he was thinking just by looking at him, and she told him gently, “Calm down. Finish this and your fever will go away in no time. You want to
use the bathroom, right? I’ll take you there.” 
Sebastian laughed mirthlessly. “This will make the fever go away? What? You think this is some fantasy novel where a pill can heal everything?” 
“Well, we aren’t in a fantasy novel, but you’ve used antibiotics too much, so western medicine won’t do your fever any good. Eastern meds should work faster at this point,” Sasha answered honestly. She then picked the bowl of medicine beside her and handed it to him. 
Sebastian couldn’t believe she wanted him to drink that stuff. Just a whiff of it was enough to make him balk. “Why do you always come up with this kind of weird stuff? I said I’m not taking it! Did you forget about that?” 
He was unusually reluctant, and he seemed agitated, much to Sasha’s confusion. Did he tell me something like that? No, I don’t think so. I’ve never given him any prescriptions. I only did some acupuncture after I got here. 
In the next moment, however, realization struck her, and her heart skipped a beat. “You mean you’ve taken similar meds before? And you think it’s… hard to swallow?” 
“I…” Sebastian still had a look of disgust on his face, but that question made him pause. He wanted to say something, but he couldn’t remember anything, and that confused him. 
###Chapter 812
Chapter 812
She’s right, why am I overreacting? ”Because it looks nasty.” 
“It doesn’t. Hold on. I’ll put some sugar in this.” Delighted, Sasha trotted to the kitchen to get some sugar and poured it into the bowl in front of him. 
Sebastian was rendered speechless by her action. 
“All right, now it’ll taste a whole lot better with sugar added in it. Finish it in one go and you won’t feel a thing.” She was trying to get him to finish the medicine. 
Sebastian stared at her darkly. It was just like the time he took her with him right after she came back from Clear. He was paranoid, thinking she might try to poison him every chance she got. 
“You’re dead if this still tastes awful.” He said the same thing he did back then. 
Sasha smiled gently. “It won’t. Trust me.” 
For your sake, I hope so. Finally, Sebastian started drinking the medicine, but he spat it out immediately. “D*mmit! You lied to me again!” 
The medicine still tasted as awful as ever. The bitterness overpowered the sugar. 
Despite getting yelled at, Sasha was shocked that he said the word ‘again’. Indeed, this was the second time, but the first time she made the medicine was back when his memories were intact. 
She started tearing up, but it was tears of joy. Sasha stared at him happily, much to his confusion.
Why is she crying? It’s the truth. It’s nasty. What? I can’t say the truth now? His veins started popping, and his knuckles started turning white from gripping the bowl too tightly. 
“I’m—” 
Before she could even finish apologizing, Sebastian finished the rest of the medicine in one gulp and slammed the bowl on the cabinet. 
Huh? He actually finish that? She thought he wouldn’t finish it this time no matter what. 
Sasha was petrified for a while before she went to pick the bowl up. “Mr. Hayes, do you need some water to wash it down?” 
Sebastian was already lying back down, his eyes closed. “Scram,” he spat. 
Sasha opened her mouth, but she said nothing. Amused by his childish antics, she left like he told her to. Fine. I’ll make myself scarce. But just because you’re a good boy. 
Right after she came into the kitchen, she texted Willow: Good news, Willow. He remembered a bit of his past! 
Willow: Really? You might be hallucinating though. I know how much his condition is affecting you. 
Oh, she doesn’t believe me, huh? Sasha thought it was normal to be doubted. after all, nobody would believe it, not when Sebastian wasn’t healing up even after so long. On top of that, what Sebastian had was multiple personality disorder instead of regular amnesia. 
Nonetheless, it didn’t take Sasha too long to come back with a confident reply. 
Sasha: It’s true. I made some meds for him, but he said he would never take it again before he even had a taste of it.
Willow had no idea how to reply to that. 
Anyway, I added some sugar to get him to finish it, but that got him more agitated. He told me he won’t fall for the same trick twice. 
But here’s the thing, Willow, I’ve only made this med twice for him. The first time was back when he forced me to treat his insomnia right after I came back from Clear. And this is the second time. 
Sasha finally couldn’t hold it in, and her tears fell on her phone’s screen. 
On the other hand, Willow was shocked to hear about something like that, and she finally believed Sasha. She replied: That’s good then. Your luck is finally turning for the better. 
Sasha replied with a simple ‘yeah’. 
She almost couldn’t hold her excitement in. 
Willow was also happy for her, but then she remembered something. She texted: Nancy, I think you should bring this up to the professor. See what he thinks about this. If he is regaining his memory, you should get the professor’s opinion on your next step. That’ll be better for Sebastian, don’t you think? 
Sasha: You’re right. I can’t believe I almost forgot about that. I’ll call the professor now. 
She wiped her tears away and texted the Jetroinian professor. 
Sasha: Professor, it’s Sasha. I need to tell you something. It’s important. 
She then told him everything about Sebastian’s reaction. 
Not long after the text was sent, the professor texted back: That’s good news. It seems that his main personality is regaining control. Once the main personality’s back in charge, his alter ego will cease to
exist. 
###Chapter 813
Chapter 813
Sasha texted back: Really? 
She was literally buzzing with excitement when she saw that text. She almost couldn’t hold her phone. 
The professor replied: Of course. His alter ego is born because his main personality went into hiding. If the main personality returns, then the alter ego has no reason to exist. 
But you’ll need to observe him closely. If I’m correct, the return of his main personality is most probably caused by the recent changes in his attitude, the professor suddenly made a turn in his text. 
Recent changes? What kind of changes? Sasha didn’t quite get it, since she didn’t learn too much about psychology. 
The professor explained: I’m talking about how his alter ego sees things in the first place. If I recall correctly, you told me he was bloodthirsty and resented the world after his alter ego showed up. 
Sasha: Yes! That’s right! 
The professor: What about now? Is he still as bloodthirsty as he used to be? 
Sasha: Now? 
She went to the kitchen’s entrance. When she saw Sebastian sleeping on the bed peacefully, she felt unreal. Wow, if it wasn’t for the professor, I wouldn’t have realized that he’s mellowed out a lot. 
Back when she first met the alter ego, he was unbelievably murderous, as if he wanted to destroy the whole world. And he actually did a lot of cruel stuff.
He almost killed off Jared’s bloodline, for instance. But when she looked at him again, Sebastian seemed to have changed. It wasn’t obvious when she left, but when she met him again, she realized he wasn’t as murderous as he used to be. 
If he was his old self, he would have killed Solomon the moment he saw the latter. If he was his old self, he would have killed the persons in charge of the Jadesons’ delivery company. 
Hmm… So what made him change? 
Sasha put her phone down. She could feel herself getting filled with joy. It had been a long time since she felt this happy and hopeful. 
When Sebastian woke up the next day, his fever had subsided, and he felt refreshed for the first time in ages. 
“Good morning. You must be hungry. Breakfast is ready. It’s just waiting for you.” Sasha was wearing a beige shirt that day. She went up to him and smiled brightly, her eyes sparkling. 
Her bright and bubbly attitude almost stunned him, but he quickly looked away and resumed his usual demeanor. “Got it.” He pulled the blanket away and got out of bed. 
Sasha did not dwell on his bad behavior. Since he had gotten out of bed, she went to get a pair of men’s slippers and put them before him. “Wear this. You just got all better, so don’t fall sick again.” 
For some reason, he didn’t think Sasha was annoying, even though he usually hated it if anyone were to nag or butter him up. 
It must be the fever. He calmly wore the slippers and went to the bathroom. 
After he was gone, Sasha called her daughter over. “Uncle Sebastian’s up, Vivi. It’s almost time for breakfast, so go get your bowl.”
Sasha and Vivian addressed him as Uncle Sebastian again after he woke up. 
Vivian was texting her brothers, but when Sasha called her, she replied, “Okay, Mommy!” 
She continued texting her brothers: Daddy’s up, guys. I’m gonna have breakfast with him. 
Matteo texted back: All right. Remember, try to act as spoiled as you can whenever Daddy’s around. Get him to take you and Mommy home together, no matter what. 
Ian chimed in: Do it. 
Vivian thumped her chest confidently and replied: Leave this to me. I’ll handle it! 
She tucked her tablet away and wobbled off to take the bowls for her and her parents. 
Sebastian was done washing up after ten minutes, and he came out to Sasha and Vivian waiting for him in the dining room. 
“Vivi, I thought I said we’re waiting for Uncle Sebastian. Stop eating on your own.” 
“I am not! I just… had a lick, that’s all.” The cute little girl stuck her tongue out at her mother cheekily. 
Sasha smiled. She patted Vivian’s head and sorted out the child’s pudding. 
It was a heartwarming sight. 
Winter’s sun woke up later than usual, especially in this city. It was already getting late, but the first rays of sunshine were just gracing the land. As it shone on the ladies, it bathed them in a beautiful, glorious golden light. 
###Chapter 814
Chapter 814
Sebastian fell into a trance at that sight. 
This scene, where have I seen it before? Why does it seems so familiar? 
When I see this scene, I feel happy. I like it. 
He reached out his hand, as though he was trying to catch the memory that was associated with the scene before him. Just then, Sasha, who was opposite him, noticed his action. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you done? Come here quick. I made your favorite coddled egg and steak sandwich.” 
Sasha gleefully rose from the chair and called Sebastian over. 
After discussing with the psychology professor, she couldn’t understand the reason why Sebastian was acting so calm. As such, she decided to take care of him according to his previous lifestyle, which includes his favorite foods. 
Sebastian was led to the dining table when he snapped out of his thoughts. He was baffled at the breakfast served. 
These are my favorites? 
Why didn’t I know about it? 
He frowned at that thought. He then sat down, picked up the cutlery, and took a few bites. The food tasted great. 
“How did you know about this?”
For a split second, Sasha wanted to tell him that she remembers everything about him. 
In the end, however, she simply flashed a smile, saying, “Old Mr. Jadeson was the one who told me. He must have asked around about your daily lifestyle.” 
Sebastian fell silent and began digging in. 
A few minutes later, halfway through breakfast, Vivian, who was sitting beside him, moved her plate nearer to him all of a sudden. 
“Uncle Sebastian, can I sit beside you?” 
Sebastian merely gawked at her, stunned by her request. 
Sasha lifted her head from her meal. “Vivi, why do you want to sit beside Uncle Sebastian? Be careful not to spill your food on him.” 
Sasha remembered about his mysophobia and was worried that Vivian might spill something on him. 
However, Sebastian merely cast her a displeased gaze before stretching his arm out to pull Vivian to sit beside him. 
“Ignore her.” 
“Okay.” 
The father-daughter duo acted as though they were the only ones there. Sasha was annoyed by their antics. 
Why… that little betrayer!
Vivian’s antics didn’t end there. She shared a slice of the cake which Sasha specifically made for her with Sebastian. 
“Daddy, can you bring me and Mommy back with you?” 
“What?” 
Looking at the layer of glaze on the slice of cake, Sebastian suddenly froze when he heard Vivian’s request. 
Vivian continued, “What I mean is, can you bring us to your home, Uncle Sebastian? No one’s taking care of Mommy and me here. I mean, take a look at our house. It’s so run down. Our meals are lacking as well. What are we going to do if you don’t bring us back?” 
“Vivi!” 
Sasha finally realized Vivian’s intention and glared at the latter. 
Has she gone mad? 
I can’t believe she said there isn’t anyone here taking care of us. Does she not know who Sebastian is? Is she trying to humiliate me as a mother? 
Sasha was embarrassed and angry. All she wanted to do at that moment was to reprimand Vivian. 
But Sebastian seemed calm. 
“Is that so? What about your dad?” 
“My daddy is…” 
Vivian couldn’t answer him.
My daddy is right in front of me but I can’t tell him. 
“Is he dead?” 
“No!” 
“Is he disabled then?” 
“No!” 
Vivian was starting to panic. How can he say such things? How can he cursed himself dead or disabled? 
Apprehension overcame the six-year-old Vivian. 
Luckily, Sasha cut in at that moment. “There’s no such thing. Mr. Hayes, don’t listen to her nonsense. Her dad is doing just fine.” 
Sasha quickly explained as she couldn’t bear to listen to any of his harsh words any longer. 
Unfortunately for her, Sebastian, being unaware of the truth, had his temper flared up the moment he heard her words. 
“Why would you ask me to take you back if he’s fine, then? Why don’t you look for him instead?” 
“Because… He’s sick!” 
Sasha couldn’t help but give him an excuse. 
That’s right, he is sick. He’s so sick to the point where he can’t recognize us and has even forgotten about himself.
“He is severely sick, so he can’t take care of us anymore. He is the reason why I couldn’t look after my child. He doesn’t even know who he is anymore.” 
Sasha lowered her eyes as sadness and despair struck her heart. 
Hearing that, Sebastian finally stopped asking any more questions. 
In truth, he had wanted to ask that question for a while. After all, he had only seen her taking care of Vivian while her husband was nowhere to be seen. 
There’s definitely something off with that. 
But I didn’t care to ask then. 
After a while, I was appalled at the thought of bringing it up. It was as though the question would conjure up images I didn’t want to see. 
That is… Until now. 
So, he’s sick? 
Then, is she still planning to save him? Does that mean the reason why she’s working so hard while taking care of a child is to save him? 
His mood darkened at that thought. 
Two hours later, Mark dropped by and gave Sebastian three flight tickets. Noticing the flight tickets, Vivian ran over to him excitedly. 
“Wow! There are even tickets for Mommy and me. Uncle Sebastian, are you bringing us home with you?” 
“Yes, I am.”
Sebastian had been sulking for two hours. He was staring pointedly at Sasha when he answered Vivian. 
###Chapter 815
Chapter 815
“Ask your mom to follow me so she can earn some money to treat your dad.” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian stared at Sebastian with big, sparkly eyes. She didn’t understand what he was saying. 
Sasha, who was busy packing her luggage, lifted her head puzzledly. 
Is he still angry? 
Meanwhile, at the Red Pavilion in Jadeborough. 
Stephen had heard the news from Jetroina, leaving him feeling restless for the entire night. 
“That b*stard, Sebastian! We have always treated him well, haven’t we? Why would he leave such a mess for us at Jetroina? Is he planning to go against us?” 
Jasmine was unable to rest well too. Hence, her insufficient rest and her simmering anger at Sebastian exploded early in the morning. 
Good? 
Has she ever treated him decently? 
Isn’t she the one who planned to murder him every time? 
Kira scoffed internally at Jasmine’s outburst.
“Enough. Stop talking. Can’t you do anything else other than grumble?” 
Stephen scolded Jasmine before leaving for the Oceanic Estate urgently. 
If I don’t placate Dad for the shit that blew up in Jetroina, I’ll be doomed. 
Jasmine’s anger surged as Stephen left. 
“What’s with his attitude? How can he scold me? Is he telling me I haven’t done anything? I was the one who arranged for Sebastian’s demise twice! How am I the one who hasn’t done anything!” 
She was practically yelling in the living room like a raging beast. 
Kira came over to stop her. 
“Aunt Jasmine, please keep your voice down. You wouldn’t want anyone to overhear you, do you? Aren’t you afraid that word of this will spread to the Oceanic Estate?” 
Jasmine finally halted her yelling at Kira’s reminder. 
“I can’t help it. I’m just… so mad!” 
“Yes, I understand. But we can’t lose our footing, no matter how terrible the situation gets. We should think of a solution as of this moment.” 
Kira began analyzing the situation for Jasmine. 
Jasmine glanced at her. 
What’s with her sudden change of attitude? 
I have never seen her so enthusiastic before. She would usually make sarcastic remarks, such as she couldn’t come up with a solution due to her lack of intelligence, or she would come up with excuses to
push her responsibilities away. 
So, what’s different today? 
Jasmine fixed her gaze at her niece. 
“All right. What would you suggest to solve the current situation, then?” 
“I do have a solution, but you must promise me something first.” 
Kira suddenly started negotiating with Jasmine. 
As expected, she’s planning something today. 
Jasmine kept her anger in check. “My, my. Aren’t you brave today? All right then, state your terms.” 
“Okay.” 
Kira clenched her sweat-laden fist as she mustered her courage. “I hope you can let Devin go to Smallpoint.” 
“Smallpoint?” Jasmine’s eyes widened at her request. “Are you crazy? You want me to let him go to that god-awful place?” 
“That’s not my intention, Aunt Jasmine. Don’t you know that Old Mr. Jadeson is planning for Devin’s and Sabrina’s marriage? Do you really want that woman to be the lady of the Jadesons?” 
“What did you say?” 
Jasmine was thunderstruck. For a few seconds, she was gaping at her niece like an idiot. 
My son is marrying Sabrina?
Has he gone mad? 
That girl isn’t worthy of my son at all. She doesn’t have any talents or looks. What’s worse is her background. She came from a family of businessmen! 
She has no right to marry my son. 
Jasmine finally recollected herself and focused all her attention on Kira. 
“Where did you hear this? Did Old Mr. Jadeson tell you this?” 
“Of course not. I eavesdropped on Old Mr. Jadeson’s conversation with Mark in the study that day. I was on my way to serve some pastry when I overheard them discussing this matter. Old Mr. Jadeson was leaning toward the idea.” 
Kira stood there and reiterated everything she heard that day. 
The moment Kira was done, Jasmine threw a fit and swept everything off the table onto the floor. 
“Dream on! She dares dream to become my daughter-in-law? She’s deluding herself.” 
She was yelling again, and the entire Red Pavilion could hear her bellows. 
Excellent! 
Kira was finally satisfied with the scene in front of her. 
I have been patient for too long, but that woman just keeps on pushing my limits. 
I have never expected any outcome for the love buried deep inside me, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to hand over the man I love without a fight.
Sabrina has no right. 
Kira left the Red Pavilion in a good mood. 
A few minutes later, she received a call from the Oceanic Estate. “Ms. Woods, when are you coming over to cook lunch? Old Mr. Jadeson is asking for you.” 
She laughed. “Sorry about that. But I’m not going today. I need to rush for a banquet at the White House. Please help me inform Old Mr. Jadeson.” 
“All right then.” 
The housemaid hung up the call regrettably. 
Not long after, she saw Jasmine stomping furiously into the Oceanic Estate. 
###Chapter 816
Chapter 816
“Mrs. Jadeson, y-you’re here.” 
The housemaid was surprised to see Jasmine because Stephen was in the estate too. The latter was currently getting reprimanded by Jonathan in the study. 
Jasmine didn’t seem to care for anything or anyone as she strode onward. “Where is Sabrina? Where is she?” 
Anger poured through her, making her tone harsher and threatening. 
Ms. Hayes? 
Hearing that Jasmine was looking for Sabrina, the housemaids were puzzled. “Ms. Hayes is in the garden, watering Old Mr. Jadeson’s orchids.” 
“Watering orchids?” 
Jasmine’s anger spiked. 
Jonathan loved growing plants and flowers. His hobby grew after he assumed an advisory position. Without having much to do, he spent his time tendering to his plants and flowers. 
Among the plants, orchids were his favorite. He grew them up on Heron Hill. 
He let that little b*tch water his precious flower? 
Even the housemaid weren’t allowed to touch it.
Jasmine’s belief in Kira’s words increased. She strode to the garden, shrieking, “Sabrina, come out here this instance! Sabrina!” 
Sabrina, who was watering flowers not too far away, was surprised by the screams. 
Who would come all the way here, in the morning, just to start yapping like a crazy mutt? 
She set her watering can down and turned to look in the direction of the scream. 
Unexpectedly, she saw a middle-aged woman dressed luxuriously with well-done makeup, stomping toward her with a hostile look. 
Her face… 
Sabrina’s heart dropped. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, why are you here?” 
“Why am I here? Why do you think I’m here? You’re good, aren’t you, Sabrina? You sneakily caused a scene behind my back. What? Do you think having a good relationship with Oceanic Estate will guarantee a marriage with my son? Is that what you think?” 
Jasmine stopped right in front of Sabrina and started a stream of interrogation with a look of hostility. 
Sabrina was unnerved by her words. 
She could express her feelings to Devin without any restriction at the Oceanic Estate, but she couldn’t do the same in front of Jasmine. 
The reason being she was his mother. 
The ever bold Sabrina started feeling uneasy.
“It’s not like that, Mrs. Jadeson. You’re mistaken. I don’t have such feelings for your son.” 
“No such feeling?” 
Jasmine continued to scream. “You dare say you don’t feel anything for him? Do you think I’m not aware of everything you did to him at the Oceanic Estate? Do you take me for the deaf and blind?” 
Sabrina was stunned speechless by her screams. 
Not being able to form a retort, she was rooted in place with a bright red complexion. 
She even knew about that? 
She started to regret the things she did to Devin without care. 
Jasmine noticed her expression and continued to spit harsher words at her. 
“Why? Nothing more to say? You little b*tch! You have excellent taste, but who do you think you are? How dare you make my son, one of the Jadesons, your target? Dream on!” 
Nobody could imagine Mrs. Jadesons, who seemed so elegant on the outside, would act like a shrew at a place like this. 
Jasmine continued cursing and screaming like a madwoman. The crazed expression on her face looked as though she wanted to stomp on Sabrina to relieve her rage. 
So, this is her true nature? 
Sabrina was furious, but she managed to calm herself down. 
“You’re talking about me?”
“Do you see anyone else here?” 
“Of course. Aren’t you here?” Sabrina stared at Jasmine intently as she scoffed. 
“The Hayes definitely can’t be compared to the Woods. The Hayes at least has a few mega corporations with many government entities surviving on us. As for the Woods, what do you have? Merely the meager outdated connections that your grandpa has?” 
“You!” 
Jasmine was furious because she never expected Sabrina to say such harsh words. 
Things didn’t end there, however, it simply escalated. 
Sabrina’s greatest strength was she would treat one as one would treat her. 
She was persistent in going against people who had offended her. 
Furthermore, she had given Jasmine many chances. 
“Besides, I have managed Hayes Corporation for a few years. I have a few million worth of assets in my hands. What about you, Mrs. Jadeson? What do you have before you’re married? Merely a mouth that can coax men?” 
“Sabrina Hayes!” 
Her last sentence was harsh. 
Almost immediately, Jasmine began screaming hysterically again. “I’ll kill you!” 
As she spoke, she actually lifted a flower pot beside her and threw it toward Sabrina. 
Despite being stunned by her maniacal actions, Sabrina could still avoid it using her reflex.
###Chapter 817
Chapter 817
Just when she was about to dodge to the side, however, Sabrina caught a glimpse of someone coming from the corner of her eyes. Instantly, she stayed immobile. 
Thud! 
“Oh My Goodness! Mrs. Jadeson, what are you doing? How can you treat someone so violently?” 
The loud thud of the flower pot hitting the head, followed by a scream of pain, elicited the housemaids to run over urgently. 
Jasmine hadn’t expected the crowd of housemaids to arrive at the scene. Her muddled mind clouded by rage had finally cleared. Panic started to grip her. She wanted to retract her actions and words, but it was too late. 
Sabrina was holding on to the injury on her head, which was bleeding profusely. In the next moment, she fell unconscious with a loud thud. 
“Ms. Hayes!” 
“Hurry! Inform Old Mr. Jadeson and the doctor! Hurry!” 
The garden was plunged into chaos in a few short seconds. 
Sabrina had already been moved when Jonathan arrived at the scene. All he could see was some bloodstains left on the ground with the remnants of the broken flower pot.
He was breathing so raggedly that his beard was quivering. His tightly clenched fists indicated his suppressed rage. 
Jasmine, who was still there, felt her knees weaken when she saw his reaction. 
“Dad, I-” 
“What are you doing? How dare you come to my house and create such a ruckus? Both you and your husband are the same. Useless! Are you trying to kill me by pissing me off? Are you two trying to get yourselves kicked out of the Jadeson residence?” 
Red, hot anger rolled through him. He even spoke of not letting Jasmine and Stephen stay at the Jadeson residence. 
Hearing that, Stephen’s heart dropped. 
“No! That is not our intention!” He denied it immediately. 
He turned to Jasmine beside him and saw that she was staring blankly, clearly shocked by Jonathan’s words. Raw anger shot through him, and he pulled her to kneel with him before Jonathan. 
“Hurry and tell dad why you did what you did! What has that Sabrina done to you that made you hit her with a flower pot?” 
“It’s her fault. She was targeting our son, so I c-came here to find her. She wanted to marry our son to become the future lady of the Jadesons.” 
Jasmine finally regained her rationale and started sobbing on Stephen’s shoulders. 
Before Stephen could say anything, Jonathan’s temper spiked again. “Who told you that? Have you hit your head somewhere? I really don’t understand how Stephen managed to marry such a stupid woman like you.”
His harsh and cruel words struck a nerve. 
They aligned with the remarks Sabrina had thrown at her earlier. 
Jasmine was indeed useless. She didn’t have a wealthy family, talent, or intelligence. After all, how else would Kira dare to use her if that was not the case? 
In the end, Stephen dragged a sobbing Jasmine away. 
Once those two had left, Jonathan went upstairs to check on Sabrina’s condition. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, why are you here?” 
With her injury bandaged, Sabrina was surprised by Jonathan’s appearance in her room. She instantly struggled to sit up. 
Jonathan gestured for her to lie down. 
“How are you doing?” 
“I’m fine.” Sabrina was slightly embarrassed. 
Nothing much can happen to me. 
After all, I did not dodge Jasmine’s flower pot on purpose. Naturally, I have taken some precautions to not get hit too hard. 
Jonathan heaved a relieved sigh. “That’s good to hear. I’m worried that brat will cause another scene when he gets back.” 
Sabrina chuckled. “He won’t. It’s only a minor injury.”
“Really?” 
“Yes.” 
“Why didn’t you dodge it? You could have with your reflexes,” asked Jonathan calmly as he sat there. 
Huh? 
Sabrina’s expression froze. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson…” 
“I know Jasmine is stupid most of the time, but this is the Oceanic Estate. Previously, she wouldn’t have dared to cause a scene. So there must be a reason for her actions.” Jonathan casually added. 
His expression had turned colder with a hint of harshness in his gaze. 
Sabrina’s face paled. 
She wasn’t afraid of Jasmine, but even Sebastian needed to deal with Jonathan carefully. She was still in his grasp, so she didn’t dare to underestimate him. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, Mrs. Jadeson has misunderstood. I have no feelings for Devin. I have no idea where she heard that from.” 
“Is that so? You can ignore it then. You’re a smart girl. I know you won’t do something that is forbidden. Since everyone will be affected if your brother got mad again.” 
For a brief moment, all Sabrina could do was stare at the slightly smiling Jonathan. Her throat felt as though something was stuck there. 
She couldn’t utter a single word.
Her fingers were icy cold. 
###Chapter 818
Chapter 818
This was quite humiliating. 
Actually, what Jasmine said to her in the garden was not even humiliating. At the very most, she merely seemed like a shrewish woman cursing away. 
However, this old man was different. With the calmest expression, he spoke to her in the most courteous manner. 
However, after listening to what he said, she felt so humiliated that it was like someone was trampling all over her. 
What does he mean when he said that I shouldn’t touch him? Is he referring to his dignified grandson? 
Does he look down on me just like his daughter-in-law? All he feels is disdain toward my family background, right? 
Sabrina could not remember when that he left. 
All she knew was that after she regained consciousness, Tony had already come upstairs. 
“Ms. Hayes, Old Mr. Jadeson has instructed me to book the plane ticket for you. It’s a flight scheduled for seven o’clock tonight.” 
He passed a plane ticket to her. 
When Sabrina saw it, she was stunned for a few seconds before a mocking smile formed on her pale lips.
“Alright, but I don’t need the plane ticket. I can take my private jet back.” 
After a while, Tony kept the plane ticket awkwardly. 
At times, rich people were really annoying. 
Sabrina asked, “Where’s my brother? When are they arriving?” 
“They’ll only arrive tomorrow. Don’t worry! After they’ve arrived, we’ll definitely inform you.” Tony assured her kindly. 
To be honest, Sebastian and the rest were arriving at eight o’clock that night, not the next day. Tony only said that because he did not want Sabrina to meet him. 
Sabrina did not continue staying. Following the arrangements made by the rest, she packed her luggage and prepared to leave. 
When the news got round to the Woods Residence, Kira was overjoyed. 
She had not been disappointed this time. 
Whipping out her phone, she sent a message to Devin. 
“Devin, I’m visiting the White family this afternoon. Can you accompany me there?” 
“The White family? Which one?” 
As Devin was probably using his phone at that moment, he replied immediately. 
Kira sent a scared emoji to him. 
“It’s Alfred’s nephew’s place. He said that a club is opening and insisted that I visit him. However, I don’t dare to go…”
She spammed a few more crying emojis, making it clear what she was trying to say. 
Alfred’s nephew had been clinging on to her persistently. However, he was not a decent man—he was lustful, greedy, and useless. 
Hence, Kira hated him. 
When Devin read the message, he agreed. 
“Okay, I’ll head there after coming back.” 
“Alright!” 
Kira was delighted. 
If she managed to hold him back for now, Sabrina would not have had any opportunities to meet him. 
Delighted, she dug out her prettiest dress. 
Back in Oceanic Estate, Sabrina wanted to contact Devin before leaving. 
However, when she took out her phone in the bedroom, she eventually placed it down again. 
Why should I contact him? It’s impossible between us, right? 
Hence, she dragged her luggage out of the room gloomily. 
“Hello? I heard that you’re leaving Oceanic Estate, Ms. Sabrina!” 
Having received this information, Karl suddenly called her. 
Sabrina nodded. “Yeah. Sasha’s coming back, so I should leave.”
She did not want to admit that she had been chased out. 
Unexpectedly, Karl suddenly said, “What a coincidence! Why don’t you go to this newly opened club in the northern part of the city? I heard that Calvin will be there.” 
“Really?” 
When Sabrina heard that, her gloominess disappeared and her eyes lit up immediately. 
After leaving Oceanic Estate, she and Karl headed to the club. Apparently, it was owned by someone from an extremely rich and influential background. 
They were determined to find Calvin. 
Especially since she had mentioned him to Jonathan, they needed to find Calvin before the other twin appeared. 
To their surprise, they actually found Calvin when they got there. 
However, he had already become a plaything, imprisoned in a cage and forced to entertain others. 
“See this? He’s a new plaything that I’ve trained for a long time. He’ll do whatever I want him to do!” 
In the oppressive and dark bar, the lights dimmed and a strong beam of light shone on someone kneeling in the center. His hands were on the floor and there was an iron chain around his neck. 
Immediately, everyone glanced over, including Sabrina and Karl who were hidden in the crowd. 
When Sabrina saw that scene, her instinctive reaction was to turn her head away in disgust, unwilling to witness it.
Having spent some time outside before, she knew very well what being a plaything meant and what game they were playing. 
###Chapter 819
Chapter 819
However, just when she was about to avert her gaze, the chained man suddenly raised his head. An extremely handsome face immediately entered her sight! 
“Calvin! He’s Calvin!” exclaimed Sabrina. 
Karl recognized him too. Gnashing his jaws together, his reaction was even more agitated than hers. 
That man was none other than Calvin. 
No other man could be as pretty as him. Ever since he was a child, he looked as delicate as a porcelain doll. Karl had witnessed Calvin grow up—he was the one who taught Calvin martial arts, shooting, and so on… 
“Those b*stards! I’m going to kill them!” 
Unable to hold himself back, he growled out loud and was about to rush forward and save Calvin. 
However, Sabrina quickly pulled him back. 
“Wait for a while and see what happens next.” 
Both of them continued watching. 
After Calvin was brought up to the stage, everyone was taken aback by his appearance. Although this was supposed to be a club, they started yelling out their prices eagerly. 
It was like those prostitute auctions in ancient times.
Those b*stards deserve to burn in hell! 
He is Calvin, the leader of the Hayes’ SteelFort! If he is conscious, he would definitely kill everyone present immediately. 
Fury surged through Sabrina as she watched what was happening. 
However, Calvin did not react at all. 
Someone in the crowd offered one million for him. When the staff tugged on the chain around Calvin’s neck for the person to touch him, he actually crawled over obediently. 
“Calvin!” 
Upon witnessing that scene, Sabrina could not hold herself back anymore. She shoved the people around her aside and rushed to the front. 
“Ten million! I’m offering ten million!” 
She stood there with her hands crossed behind her back, looking like a goddess who had just descended from heaven. Staring at the crowd, she articulated every single word coldly. 
“What?” 
When the people in the bar heard such a high price, they glanced toward her. 
It’s a woman! 
Magnus, who was planning to earn money through his plaything, laughed after taking a closer glimpse at this sudden buyer. “Miss, are you offering ten million to buy him? I’m sorry, but we haven’t even announced the starting bid.”
When he realized that he could make a profit, he changed his plan. 
He wanted more. 
When everyone else heard that, they followed suit and declared even higher bids than Sabrina’s. Soon, the bidding price reached twenty million. 
Is someone from the Hayes family only worth twenty million? 
Sabrina waited for the rest to quieten down, with a mocking smirk played on her lips. 
At that moment, Magnus turned around and glanced at her. “It’s already twenty million. Are you going to continue bidding?” 
Sabrina scoffed, “You’re mistaken. Ten million is not my bidding price for him. It’s just the price for a hand! Whoever touched him just now, I’ll pay ten million for your hand!” 
“What did you say?” 
Her shocking words caused the entire bar to descend into an uproar. 
The price to buy a hand? How is that possible? Is that woman out of her mind? She’s buying someone’s hand! 
Although everyone was outraged, they stared at Calvin warily after listening to what Sabrina said. It was as if they would lose ten million if they were just slightly careless. 
When Sabrina noticed that, a hint of ridicule crept into her smirk. 
“Other than that, I’m offering twenty million for each leg. For each mouth that says something insulting to him, I’ll offer thirty million. Oh, right! Most importantly, I’m offering a hundred million for each human life. Everyone, please go ahead.”
She spoke leisurely, looking so calm that it was as if she was just having a normal chat. 
Magnus was paralyzed to the spot. 
The crowd in the bar went into an uproar before retreating backward. Within a second, they were shunning Calvin like he was a plague. 
One hundred million? Is she joking? 
Devin, who was upstairs, witnessed this scene. As he stared at Sabrina, an exasperated look crossed his face. 
Meanwhile, Kira was furious. 
Why is Sabrina everywhere? 
The silence ensued for a few minutes before Magnus returned to his senses. Suddenly, he grabbed the iron chain and bellowed uncontrollably, “You mad woman! One hundred million? Where would you get that from? Do you think that money grows on trees? Who are you? One hundred million?” 
“Alright, Magnus. Stop kicking up a fuss and release him! If your uncle hears about this, you might be in trouble.” 
Just when everyone was anticipating Sabrina’s answer, a deep and masculine voice sounded from upstairs. 
The moment he spoke, he criticized Magnus and asked him to release Calvin. 
Devin? 
When Sabrina heard that, her heart skipped a beat and she raised her head immediately.
It’s Devin! But why is he staring at me like that? He looks like he’s having a headache. 
The intimidating aura around Sabrina disappeared in an instant… 
###Chapter 820
Chapter 820
Magnus decided to release Calvin in the end. 
Devin was the future heir of the Jadesons. Although Magnus was from the White family, he was merely Alfred’s nephew. Hence, he did not dare to oppose someone who was the heir of a military family. 
“No way, Devin! Are you helping her? Who is she? How can she make you, a rich heir who has never shown any interest in women, intervene?” 
Although Magnus released Calvin, he was still unwilling to accept defeat. 
After Devin came down, he glared at Sabrina furiously and asked. Casting everything else aside, he still did not believe that she could actually fork out that much money. 
When Devin heard that, he scoffed coldly, “I’m helping her? No, I’m helping you! If you provoke her, she can tear this entire club down.” 
Magnus fell silent as he stared at Sabrina in a mixture of fear and fury. 
When the lights brightened, he discovered that she was quite extraordinary. 
For example, not any woman could afford to wear her outfit. 
She also had an arrogant demeanor, as if she looked down on everyone else. This was not something a normal person would have. 
Who is she?
“Mr. White, she’s the daughter of the Hayes family. In other words, she’s Mr. Sebastian’s elder sister,” interrupted Kira at that moment. 
There was a tinge of jealousy and frustration in her voice as she explained Sabrina’s identity. 
Immediately after hearing that, Magnus widened his eyes. 
Although no one in Jadeborough really knows about the Hayes family’s eldest daughter, the woman mentioned Mr. Sebastian. Isn’t he from the Hayes family? 
Doesn’t the Hayes family own the globally renowned corporation that is currently dominating the corporate world? 
Crap! Looks like this woman is actually wealthy enough to trample me under her feet anytime. 
Magnus was terrified now. 
After a few minutes, he released Calvin from his chains, dressed him up neatly, and let Karl bring him away. 
“We’re done here, Ms. Sabrina. Let’s go.” 
“Okay,” said Sabrina before averting her gaze from the man opposite her. 
She had been staring at him from the moment he appeared to her conversation with Magnus. Her gaze had never left him for a single second. 
Unfortunately, other than the exasperated look he gave her when she first saw him, he did not look at her anymore. 
Yeah, I should stop pursuing him.
Gazing at him, Sabrina remembered how she had been chased out of Oceanic Estate. 
She clenched her fists behind her back and decided to leave. 
“Where are you going, Sabrina? Wait for me! I’ll leave with you.” 
To her surprise, Devin chased after her the moment she turned around. 
Sabrina paused for a minute. 
His sudden offer filled her with so much joy that she could not help but stop in her tracks. 
“Wait for me, Devin. You can’t let her bring him to Oceanic Estate. If Old Mr. Jadeson finds out, he’ll be furious.” 
Kira followed over as well. 
She chased after Devin quickly, insisting that Sabrina was not allowed to bring Calvin to Oceanic Estate. 
A cold glint flashed across Sabrina’s eyes. 
Why would I go to Oceanic Estate? I’ve already been chased out. 
Having regained her senses, Sabrina glanced at Devin, who was walking toward her. “I’m going home with Calvin.” 
“What?” 
Devin was stunned when he heard that. 
“Home? Why are you going home? Even though you’re not allowed to bring him to Oceanic Estate, you can send him to another place first!” he blurted subconsciously, still oblivious to the truth.
When Kira heard that, a furious look crossed her face. 
Luckily, Sabrina refused. 
“It’s fine. I should bring him home. After all, you know his identity, right? It’s safer if he’s sent home. Also, Sasha’s coming back with my brother, so there’s no need for me to remain here.” She explained calmly. 
Her nonchalance was completely different from when she kept clinging to him previously. 
Devin was stunned. 
He had always yearned for her to be like this because he hated it when she kept pestering him—there was no way to get rid of her. 
However, now that she was acting like that, Devin realized that he was not as happy as he imagined himself to be. 
“You should still go back and inform Grandpa.” 
“I told him already and he agreed. Thank you for taking care of me, Devin. I’ll treat you to a meal when you come to Avenport.” 
Sabrina finally smiled. She waved at Devin to bid him farewell, while enthusiastically inviting him over to her place in the future. 
Devin frowned again. 
Before he could say anything, Sabrina left with Karl and Calvin. 
###Chapter 821
Chapter 821
What the hell is wrong with her? 
She comes and goes as she pleases. Does she really think that she’s a rich heiress and I’m just a servant? 
A grim look crossed Devin’s face. 
However, Kira was delighted when she saw that. 
This woman is finally gone! Now, all my worries have disappeared. 
She returned to the Woods Residence happily. 
However, barely half an hour after she reached home, someone suddenly called her. 
“Ms. Woods, do you know what a foolish act you’ve done today?” 
“What?” 
Listening to the woman’s voice on the phone, Kira almost thought that she was mistaken. 
Which crazy woman called me? 
Furious, she demanded, “Who are you?” 
“It doesn’t matter. More importantly, you should know that if you haven’t done that today, there’s still hope for you to become the lady of the Jadesons’ house in the future,” remarked the woman mockingly.
Instead of answering Kira’s question directly, she emphasized again how foolish Kira had been. 
Kira’s expression changed. 
She suddenly heard the words ‘lady of the house’. 
That was what triggered her the most! 
“Cut the crap! Who are you? If you accuse me like that again, I’ll call the police.” 
“What’s the point, Ms. Woods? Don’t think that no one knows about your secret. In this world, every action of yours is being monitored by someone, just that you’re oblivious about it.” 
Kira felt like there was a pair of eyes staring at her at that moment. 
Gripping her phone, she felt a chill run down her spine as she shuddered in fear. Her cheeks immediately paled. 
Who is she? Is she a ghost? 
Kira was completely flustered. 
As if the woman in the call could sense it, she reassured Kira, “Don’t be scared. I won’t do anything to you. After all, we share the same goal.” 
“What goal?” 
“To become the lady of the Jadesons’ house! Didn’t I mention it earlier?” mocked the woman contemptuously. 
“Don’t worry, I won’t harm you. I’m just reminding you that you have done a foolish thing this afternoon. Do you know who Sabrina brought home?” she continued.
“Who?” 
Kira finally found her voice. 
The woman laughed. “The Hayes family’s top killer, who tagged along with Sebastian when he came to Jadeborough. They have never given up on finding him all this while.” 
For a few seconds, Kira sat on the sofa in a daze. 
She did not understand any of that. 
Although she hated Sabrina and wanted to chase her out of this place, she was completely oblivious about what was going on with the Hayes and Jadeson family. 
Before that, she did not even know, nor did she ever ask about the underlying conflicts in the Jadeson family. 
Hence, she had no clue about what was going on at all. 
He works for Sebastian? 
Why is Magnus’ plaything suddenly Sebastian’s employee? If so, there will be dire consequences. 
When Sebastian fought with Charles, many people died. It was an extremely tragic scene. After he was rescued, he suffered from multiple personality disorders and could not remember anything from the past. This was why Jonathan kept investigating it. 
Now that the top killer has been found… 
Kira finally realized that she had made a huge blunder. 
“What are you trying to say?”
“Nothing. I just want to tell you that Jonathan’s been looking for this man recently. Now that Sabrina has taken him away, don’t you think that he’ll be furious if he finds out?” 
“You…” 
“If you’re smart, you would’ve informed Jonathan right away and brought the man back. That way, you can prove yourself to the Jadesons and kill that woman. Am I right?” 
When Kira heard the last sentence, she was extremely tempted. It was as if the woman was a siren, egging her forward and enticing her. 
Yeah! If I want to remain in the Jadeson family, I need to do a good job. 
If I want the patriarch of the Jadesons to see me in a new light, the only way is to make a significant contribution to the family. 
“Actually, there are many ways for cousins to marry in this society. You can just pull some strings and prove that you’re not cousins, right?” 
“Or you can give up on him and let your aunt force you to marry Magnus. That’s not a bad choice either! After all, he’s Alfred’s nephew.” 
This woman is like the devil! 
Although they were only connected by a phone call, it was like she could peer into the depths of Kira’s mind, tempting and provoking her. 
When Kira heard that, she yelled, “No! I’d rather die than marry him!” 
###Chapter 822
Chapter 822
Then, she hung up the phone abruptly. 
That’s right! I’d rather die than marry Magnus, that shameless jerk! 
Kira left her house and drove toward Oceanic Estate. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina, Calvin, and Karl had arrived at the airport. 
To prevent any hiccups, they decided to fly back to Avenport on a helicopter. 
“I wonder if he has told anyone about the two before he became like this.” 
Karl was worried about it when waiting for the helicopter. 
Sabrina frowned. 
She was worried too. However, since Calvin had already become like this, it was futile to ask him anything. 
In the end, Sabrina decided to inform those at Miralaea first. For safety reasons, she wanted them to leave with the children so that they could avoid any unwanted accidents. 
Karl agreed. 
“Where are you bringing him, Sabrina?” 
Suddenly, at that moment, a thunderous bellow rang out at the entrance of the airport.
When Sabrina heard that, she was shocked. Before she could dial the number, she dropped her phone on the floor. 
It’s Jonathan! He’s actually here! 
“Go now!” 
Her expression changed drastically as she immediately told Karl to leave with Calvin. 
Karl had the same thought too. 
He instantly grabbed Calvin, who was sitting in the wheelchair dazedly, flung him onto his back, and prepared to flee. 
However, he was too late. 
The place was filled with the Jadesons’ men. Right after Jonathan yelled, numerous people wearing uniforms rushed toward them. Some of them were even armed with guns, which they aimed at Karl’s head. 
Karl did not dare to move anymore. 
On the other hand, Sabrina paled. 
Who leaked the secret? 
Jonathan walked toward her. He first shot a glance at Calvin, who was lying on Karl’s back dumbly, before glaring at her ferociously. 
“What do you want to say?” 
Sabrina closed her eyes to suppress her fear before opening them again.
“I have nothing to say. He’s from the Hayes family. Now that I’ve found him, I’m bringing him back. It’s perfectly normal.” Unlike how she was back in Oceanic Estate, she was no longer constantly smiling when talking to Jonathan. 
Now, her gaze was cold and she exuded a nonchalant and arrogant aura. 
She seemed more like the famed daughter of the Hayes family now! 
A murderous look glinted in Jonathan’s eyes, making him look even more terrifying. 
“Normal? Have you forgotten what you told me?” 
“No, but he’s already lost his mind. Even if I hand him over to you, you won’t find out anything. What’s the point of that, then?” Sabrina defended herself calmly. 
Jonathan scoffed coldly. 
He did not say anything. However, his hawk-like eyes were filled with murderous intent as he scrutinized Sabrina intently. 
In the next second, he waved his hands and the other men grabbed them immediately. 
“What are you doing? Jonathan, let go of us. I already said that he’s lost his mind! It’s pointless if you bring him back.” 
Sabrina’s screams of resistance could be heard from afar. 
When Sasha’s plane landed and she switched on her phone, she saw that message. 
Her expression changed drastically. 
Sabrina’s been captured alongside Karl and Calvin, who they’ve just found?
She was so flustered that she froze on the plane seat for a long time without getting up. 
“What’s wrong? Aren’t you alighting?” 
Sebastian had already carried his child. When he noticed Sasha sitting there motionlessly, he frowned and asked unhappily. 
With that, she raised her head abruptly. 
“Mr. Hayes, I…” 
Her eyes were filled with terror and shock. During the flight, she had been talking non-stop and her eyes initially sparkled with happiness. 
However, at that moment, it was as if a storm had just struck. Her gaze was dull and there was not a glimmer of joy in it. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. “What happened?” 
“Old Mr. Jadeson captured Ms. Sabrina. Apparently, she found Calvin, your old bodyguard, and wanted to bring him back. However, Old Mr. Jadeson found out and captured her in a fury.” 
Sasha revealed what had happened. 
She had been hesitating for a while since she received the message. A turmoil of emotions raged within her as she wondered if she should tell it to Sebastian. 
It was a good thing for Sabrina if she did. 
However, she did not know how it would affect him. After all, he had just recently shown signs of recovering. If he found out, his deep-rooted hatred might surface again.
Sasha stared at him timidly, not daring to utter a singer word. 
However, Sebastian stood there expressionlessly for a while, still carrying Vivian. Then, he suddenly asked, “Calvin isn’t dead too?” 
###Chapter 823
Chapter 823
“Huh?” 
Sasha was stunned. 
Did he think that Calvin’s dead? 
However, that was the only thing he said. After that, he left with Vivian calmly. 
When Sasha saw that, she paused for a while before returning to her senses and chasing after him. 
“Wait for me, Mr. Hayes! What do you think about it? The three of them are in Old Mr. Jadeson’s clutches now. Are you going to save them?” 
She heard no response from Sebastian, who merely strode forward quickly. 
All she could do was to follow him. 
They arrived at Oceanic Estate an hour later. 
“You’re back, Mr. Sebastian.” 
“You’re back too, Dr. West.” 
“Even Vivi’s back!” 
It was all very strange. After they returned, Sasha noticed that Oceanic Estate seemed very peaceful. The housemaids were greeting them enthusiastically as well, as if nothing had happened.
Why is it like this? Where are Sabrina and the rest? 
Unable to hold herself back, she stopped a housemaid when Sebastian was not looking and asked, “Mary, where’s Old Mr. Jadeson?” 
“In his study. Why?” 
“Where’s Ms. Sabrina? Where did she go?” Surprised, Sasha could not help but ask about Sabrina. 
Unexpectedly, the housemaid told her that Sabrina was fine and was in her bedroom on the second floor. 
As for Karl and Calvin, she had no clue where they were. 
Sasha followed after Sebastian briskly. However, as she walked, she was surprised to find out that he was heading to Jonathan’s study directly. 
After arriving there, he kicked the door open. 
Both Sasha and Jonathan were dumbfounded. 
“Why did you capture them? Are you investigating something about me again?” Sebastian barged in and glared at Jonathan coldly without any greetings or preambles. 
He dragged a chair over and sat there with his legs crossed. 
Looking at his demeanor, it was as if he was the head of the house, not Jonathan. 
Naturally, Jonathan was furious. 
However, he forced himself to keep his cool. Instead of beating around the bush, he admitted directly, “Your children. I’m investigating your children.” 
“My children?”
Sebastian froze. 
Jonathan nodded. “Yes, you have three children. However, before you got into that accident, you sent them to a top-secret location. Since you’ve lost your memory now, all I can hope for is to find the people who used to work for you. The man I captured today is Calvin, a top killer who used to work for you.” 
He explained calmly so as not to anger Sebastian. 
Standing at the side, Sasha noticed how Sebastian’s eyes widened when he saw that two photographs on Jonathan’s phone. 
The two children’s handsome faces looked just like his. 
Part of his memories came flooding back to him. It was as if he could hear the words ringing in his ears, “Daddy, you’ll definitely pick us up, right?” 
“Daddy, will Mommy come when you come too?” 
“Daddy, after Mommy’s back, let’s live here together, okay?” 
“Okay…” 
He fell into deep thought. The glimmer of hope he had glimpsed earlier was now replaced by utter darkness. Within a short moment, that bloody scene surfaced in his mind again. 
“Live on! You must live on, for me and our children’s sake!” 
It was a pair of bloody hands. He was grabbing onto her tightly, but she forcefully pried each of his fingers away. 
Oh, right. I have my children. Their mother sacrificed her life so that I can take good care of them.
His vision started to blur. Grief engulfed him as he shuddered uncontrollably, his heart aching like something sharp was stabbing his heart repeatedly. Within a second, his eyes became bloodshot and he could not see anything. 
“Mr. Hayes! Mr. Hayes!” 
When Sasha noticed that, she called out to him loudly and wanted to stop him. 
Noticing something amiss, Jonathan quickly stood up to help. 
However, Sebastian, who had lost control of himself, suddenly charged forward. He leaped over the tall desk, rushed forward, and wrapped his fingers around Jonathan’s neck forcefully. 
“I’ll kill you!” spat Sebastian fiercely, articulating every single word. 
Jonathan did not expect this to happen at all. Having caught off guard, he did not have time to resist. Sebastian flung him onto the chair, still choking him. 
“Someone! Please come in now!” 
Sasha panicked as she saw the scene unfold. All she could do was to yell out loud for help. 
###Chapter 824
Chapter 824
Fortunately, Jonathan’s bodyguards were nearby. In a few seconds, they swiftly came inside. Upon seeing that scene, one of the bodyguards rushed over and struck Sebastian’s neck. 
With that, Sebastian collapsed to the floor. 
Only then did everyone let out a sigh of relief. Jonathan had been in countless battles, and it was the first time he almost got killed. After gaining back his senses, he was beyond exasperated and wanted to kill Sebastian. 
But in the end, he chose to suppress his rage. 
A while later, Sasha sent Sebastian to rest downstairs. After that, she went to the study room to find Jonothan. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, you shouldn’t mention the kids in front of him now.” 
“Why not?” 
Jonathan was still utterly enraged. “Why can’t I mention it? They’re my great-grandchildren. I must find them, and he needs to face this.” 
“Yes, I know. But you have to understand why he hides the kids. Even though he managed to survive during his battle with Charles, everyone else around him ended up dead. He watched the mother of his kids die. As you keep mentioning about the kids, you’re reminding him of those who are already dead.” 
Sasha had also lost her calm as she sounded utterly pissed.
He’s crossed the line! When Sebastian heard about the kids just now, I’m sure it made him recall all those brutal moments. What use would that bring except triggering his hatred? 
With that in mind, Sasha even felt an urge to kill Jonathan, as she had put in tremendous effort and was finally able to make Sebastian recover by a little. 
Fortunately, Jonathan kept his silence upon hearing Sasha’s harsh words. As such, Sasha went back to the third floor. 
Around three in the afternoon, Sebastian was finally awake. Upon seeing that, Sasha wanted to pour him a glass of water. But he lay in the bed and stared at the ceiling for a long while. 
All of the sudden, he opened his mouth. “Where’s Calvin?” 
“What?” Sasha was stunned momentarily. “Calvin? I heard that he got locked up by Old Mr. Jadeson… Why do you think of him suddenly?” 
“I want to meet him. Please bring him here.” 
He spat out another abrupt sentence. 
Sasha froze on the spot. 
She thought he would not remember anything and go back to his previous phase after waking up. Not to mention, she had a chat with the professor from Jetroina while Sebastian was asleep. 
The professor said that the worst case was for those signs of recovery to go backward. 
With that, she had prepared her mind for the worst. 
Yet, she did not expect the first thing he did after waking up was to find Calvin.
He still remembers! 
Lit up with delight, Sasha immediately put down the glass in her hand and rushed out with excitement. 
“Please arrange for Calvin to come here. Mr. Hayes wants to meet him.” 
The news spread throughout the entire Oceanic Estate in a blink of an eye. It even came to Jonathan’s ear. 
Hence, when Calvin got brought up, Jonathan came too and listened secretly outside. 
Meanwhile, Sasha stayed inside as she feared conflicts between those two men. To her relief, Sebastian did not cast her out. 
“Calvin?” 
When Calvin walked in, Sebastian was sitting in his wheelchair. 
As a matter of fact, they felt like strangers to each other. 
It was the same case when Karl met him, as the personality remembered their names. In his mind, it was utter blank except for the fact that he needed to avenge them. 
Nonetheless, when Calvin heard that voice, his eyes flashed with emotions. 
Sasha kept quiet. 
“I thought you were dead. So I stayed here to avenge you, Karl, Shawn… and Sasha. I did not forget about you all. But now that I know you’re alive. I’m glad.” 
Sebastian choked on his words when he mentioned Sasha as though it was a wound too painful to remember.
Upon hearing that, warmth flushed up Sasha’s heart as she turned around, secretly wiping off her tears. 
Thank God he’s in a good condition. 
Even after experiencing such a huge impact, he could still remember everything. He even kept the emotions when mentioning Sasha. 
With that, Sasha was utterly grateful. 
Eventually, Calvin got moved as well. 
His case was, in fact, much more complicated, and no one was able to figure out why. How could a man suddenly become like this? What happened? Did he go through physical torture? Or is he faking it? 
Sasha could not wrap her head around it either. 
Until now, she noticed Calvin finally lifted his eyes upon hearing what Sebastian said. 
That was a pair of attractive eyes that could melt anyone’s heart. 
He did not say anything for a long while. 
However, Sasha and Sebastian could see tears start brimming in his eyes. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
All of a sudden, Sebastian suddenly shouted, “Hurry! Grab his mouth quickly! Don’t let him bite himself!” 
At that instance, Sasha stared at Calvin in astonishment. 
Gaining back her senses, she rushed to grab his chin, but it was too late.
Calvin made a forceful bite, and black blood flowed out from his mouth instantly. 
“Calvin!” 
###Chapter 825
Chapter 825
In this world, how close is human to sin? 
Sasha had never pondered this question. 
She had gone through a lot throughout her life. Reality had changed her from a naive girl into a cold- blooded woman. 
But even though so, she had never thought of such a question until today when she saw Calvin. 
“Is it sodium cyanide? Why does he have this in his mouth?” 
At that moment, Sasha got hold of Calvin, whose mouth was still dripping black blood non-stop. She shifted her gaze fearfully toward Sebastian, who was approaching. 
Sebastian did not utter a word. 
He stared at Calvin, sinking deep in his thoughts. 
He looked petrified as though he knew a storm was approaching. 
Usually, only martyrs would enter into SteelFort of the Hayes family. They did it out of volunteer, mainly because they received too much favor from the family. And they would receive a death pill upon completing their missions. 
The death pill was made of sodium cyanide, and its purpose was to protect the Hayes’ family secret in times of emergency. 
Evidently, Calvin got one in his teeth too.
But Sebastian could not comprehend why Calvin chose to bite it after seeing him. He’s been able to endure all this while. Why now? 
With that, Sebastian kneeled down slowly in front of his former subordinate. 
“You didn’t have to do this. I’ve never blamed you.” 
Sebastian thought Calvin was self-blaming for not protecting the former back then; thus, he chose to kill himself upon seeing the former. 
Yet, Calvin shook his head, with his mouth covered in blood. 
He opened his mouth, wanting to say something, but he could not make a sound. Eventually, he lifted his hand weakly and wrote something slowly on Sebastian’s palm with his finger. 
Sebastian lowered his head while Sasha also shifted her gaze at Sebastian’s palm. 
However, she could not recognize what word Calvin wrote down, as it did not seem like the regular alphabet. 
The only thing she could notice was that as Calvin was writing, Sebastian’s face turned tenser and tenser. 
And after Calvin finished writing, Sebastian froze on the spot, with his face devoid of expression. 
Sasha had no idea what was happening. 
The only thing she could do was to think of a way to save Calvin’s life. 
However, when she touched his wrist, she could barely feel any pulse anymore.
Sodium cyanide was inherently highly toxic, and even a small amount could cause immediate death. She had no idea how those people could preserve it between the teeth. 
But judging by Calvin’s poisoned look, she knew he would not be able to survive. 
“Mommy, are you in there?” 
As her heart was twitching in agony, she heard Vivian’s voice coming from the outside. 
Vivi? 
Right now, she noticed Calvin, who was about to lose consciousness, suddenly displayed lit of life in his eyes. 
Could it be? 
Just then, Sasha suddenly remembered that Calvin was the one in charge when her daughter got taken away. At that instance, an idea flashed across her mind as she shouted at the door loudly, “Vivi, come in here now!” 
“Okay.” 
With that, the cute little girl pushed the door open and walked in. 
“Mommy…” 
But what came into her sight was a terrifying scene. Why is Mommy holding someone in her arms? And he’s spitting blood. 
Vivian paled in fright while trembling incessantly. 
Since Vivian came in, Calvin’s eyes had never left her. Noticing that, Sasha waved toward Vivian.
“Vivi, please come over here and have a look. Do you still remember him?” 
“What?” 
Trying to collect herself, Vivian shifted her gaze toward the man inside her mother’s embrace. 
After staring for a while, her expression suddenly turned startled. 
“Brother Cal? Is that Brother Cal?” 
As she finally recognized the face, she let out a shout while tears welled up in her eyes. 
She could not believe what she saw. 
She was beyond devastated to see the man that she had been missing so much become like this. 
Upon seeing that, Sasha waved her hand again. “Yes. Vivi, please come near. He wants to see you one last time. Good girl.” 
Vivian froze on the spot for a while. 
Eventually, she pursed her lips and ran over to them. 
“Brother Cal… why are you hurt? Didn’t you promise me that you won’t ever get hurt again?” Vivian kneeled before Calvin with a heavy heart while her tiny hand reached out to touch his face without any fear. 
###Chapter 826
Chapter 826
It was supposed to be a secret between them. 
Back then, when Calvin was taking her with him, the situation got out of hand as Charles had been watching those kids closely. 
Calvin ended up getting injured when he rescued the three of them. 
Vivian would never forget how afraid and worried she was at that moment, as she forced Calvin to make her a promise. 
She wanted him to promise her that he would never let himself get hurt. Only then was she willing to let him go. 
But… why is he hurt now? He even spat out so much blood… 
With that in mind, Vivian burst into tears. 
“Brother Cal… don’t be afraid. Even though you didn’t keep your promise, Mommy is a doctor. I’ll ask her to save you.” 
She forgave him in a generous gesture while comforting him kindly. 
At that moment, Calvin’s lips curled into a smile. 
He did not know what he was waiting for. 
But after he saw Vivian, he finally felt he could let go. He glanced at her while taking out a pink pearl that he had been keeping with him all this time.
“That’s the pearl from my hairpin. Brother Cal, did you help me to find it?” 
Vivian stretched out her hand and grabbed the pearl from his hand. 
Their hands touched each other. 
After Calvin felt the warmth of Vivian’s hand, the beam of life began fading from his beautiful eyes. 
Eventually, his hand fell weakly out of Vivian’s hand. 
Vivian was stumped at that moment. 
She froze on the spot for a long while, grabbing the pink pearl in her hand. Before she could react, she heard her mother crying. 
“Calvin…” 
Sebastian took a step backward and slumped back into the chair behind. 
A few minutes later, Jonathan brought his men and came in. By then, he saw Calvin lying on the floor without a breath. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, it’s suicide. But he had experienced inhuman torture while he was alive. His tongue got cut off, and both his hands were almost disabled. I suppose it was to force the information about Mr. Sebastian out of him.” 
The captain of the bodyguards was an experienced man in such a matter. 
By judging by Calvin’s look, he could predict all his experiences accurately. 
Hugging Vivian in her embrace, Sasha’s breath grew heavier as she heard what the captain said. 
But that was not the worst part of what happened to Calvin.
After a round of checking, even the captain could not suppress his rage. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson… there’s a chip inside his brain. And, it seems like he got…” 
The captain did not dare to finish his sentence. 
Jonathan cut a startled look at him. 
“Out! All of you get out of my sight now!” Sitting in the chair, Sebastian suddenly burst into a rage right then. He stood up abruptly and started smashing everything in front of him. 
Everyone at the scene got petrified, including Jonathan. 
But looking at Sebastian’s aggressive look, Jonathan did not dare to face him directly. Eventually, he could only leave with his men. 
Sasha also left with the kid. 
A chip… and what else? What does the captain mean? 
As Sasha carried Vivian out from the place, her mind could not stop thinking about what the captain said. Right then, she could no longer bear to carry Vivian. She immediately put her down while she wandered recklessly to a corner and began vomiting. 
She could not imagine what had happened to Calvin. 
Such a beautiful boy, not only did he get injected with a chip, he even got… No wonder he chose to end his life. 
Sasha bawled her eyes out while vomiting.
At that moment, someone approached her from behind. The man did not interrupt her, watching her silently from her back. 
Sasha finally realized there was someone behind her. She was shocked to see the man behind her as she turned around. She choked on her words while trying to hide her emotions. “Karl? Why are you here? You…” 
She was aware of Karl’s relationship with Calvin. 
She heard that Frederick brought Calvin and Channing home while they were still kids. Karl often went back to SteelFort and played with the former during that period. 
Of course, he also taught Calvin many things as he was from special military forces. 
Hence, everyone in SteelFort knew that Calvin was closest to Karl besides his brother, Channing. 
When Sebastian was at odds with Charles, the former had Calvin and Karl by his side. 
At that moment, Sasha was thinking of ways to console Karl. 
But Karl just froze on the spot, without saying anything. She had never seen such a brutal and scary look on him. 
###Chapter 827
Chapter 827
“Was it the Jadesons?” 
“What?” 
“I’m going kill them!” 
Spitting out a sentence, Karl turned to leave. 
A second later, Sasha realized what he meant. Forgetting about Vivian, who was still beside her, she rushed toward Karl and hugged him tightly. “Karl, what’re you doing? Stop!” 
“Let go of me! I’m going to kill all of them! They have to pay for this!” 
His bloodshot eyes filled with utter hatred. 
There was no way Sasha would allow him to do that. 
Calvin was already gone. If something were to happen to Karl, there would be no one left with Sebastian. 
Sasha grabbed onto him tightly. “No, Karl. You can’t do this. Calvin’s gone now. Do you want Mr. Hayes to lose all of you?” 
Karl was rendered speechless upon hearing that. 
Sasha continued to say, “I know you’re pissed and sad. We all are. But this is no time to act harshly. If you want to get revenge for Calvin, we’ll need a careful plan. And Sebastian needs you now!” 
Sasha choked on her words toward the end, at the verge of crying.
Finally, Karl calmed down. 
He stared into the space while his body kept trembling; his eyes were filled with deep agony. 
Eventually, he stopped struggling. 
Two hours later, when Calvin’s body got brought out, Karl carried it on his back and left the scene two hours later. 
By then, Sabrina had arrived with a black car. While Karl came out with Calvin, she opened the car door. With that, they drove off with the body. 
Sasha stared at the disappearing car and then went back into Oceanic Estate. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, will Mr. Sebastian blame you again for what happened to Calvin?” 
The moment she walked past the garden, she overheard the conversation between the bodyguard captain and Jonathan. 
She halted in her steps and cast a side glance toward them. 
“I wouldn’t be bothered with that. It’s not the first time he’s mad at me!” Jonathan sounded utterly frustrated, as though he had gotten tired of Sebastian. 
Sasha displayed a cold look upon hearing what Jonathan had said. 
Soon, the captain spoke again, “How could you be like this? If this thing had nothing to do with the Jadesons, you must not admit it. It was obvious that someone wanted to force Mr. Sebastian’s information out of Calvin. And who in the family would dare to go to this extent? Old Mr. Jadeson, the biggest secret that Calvin possessed was the whereabouts of the three kids. Do you think anyone in the Jadesons will want that piece of information? What for? Do they want to use the kids to trade for the
position of the heir? Or do they want to kill the kids? Do they really think they could get what they want like this?” 
The bodyguard captain sounded utterly provocative toward the end of his sentence. 
Sasha felt a blow to her heart as her mind went blank upon hearing that. 
She had never thought of it like that. 
When Calvin wrote something on Sebastian’s palm, she could not understand it. 
Hence, she assumed Charles was the one who captured Calvin and tortured him terribly to retaliate against Sebastian. 
But the whole matter seemed to be more complicated based on the captain’s analysis. 
What does he mean? Was the person who tortured Calvin not only after Sebastian but also Jonathan? 
Sasha was stunned momentarily as her mind was at a loss with this sudden discovery. 
This abyss seems to be getting deeper and deeper. 
Two days later at Oceanic Estate. 
Sasha came to the third floor after receiving a tombstone photo from Sabrina. 
“Mr. Hayes, may I come in? Ms. Hayes just sent me a picture. I want to show you,” She uttered gently, knocking at the door that was closed for two days. 
Still, there was no response. She had been knocking on this door for two days, but no one ever came to answer it.
Feeling helpless, she eventually sent the picture to Sebastian through WhatsApp. 
When she was coming down from the third floor, she ran into Jonathan, who was on his way up. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson…” 
“Did he answer the door yet?” Jonathan seems utterly despondent as well these two days. 
Sasha shook her head slightly. 
Upon that, Jonathan’s eyes lit with wrath. As his patience had reached its limit, he intended to barge in Sebastian’s room recklessly. 
But right then, Sasha’s phone suddenly vibrated. 
Sebastian texted: Go and find Sabrina. Ask her for the whereabouts of the three kids and bring them to Oceanic Estate. 
###Chapter 828
Chapter 828
Sasha’s jaw dropped for a long while as she stared at the phone screen. 
She could not believe that Sebastian mentioned the kids even before returning to his primary personality. 
He even wanted to bring them to Oceanic Estate. 
What happened to him all of a sudden? I thought he had not recovered yet. If he has no memories of the kids, how will he face them? Plus, Calvin’s death proves someone is targeting the kids. Isn’t he afraid the kids might get into trouble if they come here? 
Sasha kept staring at the text while her mind was filled with befuddlement. 
“Who is it? Is that him?” Judging from Sasha’s look, Jonathan knew who sent the message right away. 
After hesitating for a long while, Sasha eventually showed Jonathan the text message. 
“He says that Ms. Hayes knows where the three kids are. He asks you to arrange for the kids to come here.” 
As unexpected, Jonathan’s eyes widened with shock upon seeing that message. 
But his shock only lasted for a few seconds, as it got immediately replaced by joy. 
Of course, he would be delighted as he would meet his great-grandchildren shortly. 
With that, Jonathan immediately went downstairs and made a call to Sabrina. 
Sabrina got left in total awe. “Did My brother ask you to find me? How did he…”
She wanted to ask how Sebastian found out that she knew about the kids’ whereabouts, as she had denied it entirely throughout the time in Oceanic Estate. 
Jonathan sneered, “He’s forgetful, but not dumb!” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless upon hearing that. 
In the end, she obediently revealed the whereabouts of the two kids. 
After finding out, Jonathan brought his men and went to Miralaea personally. 
He comprehended the bodyguard captain’s analysis fully. 
Thus, he did not dare to leave this matter in others’ hands. He wanted to make sure of the safety of the kids. 
Sasha had mixed feelings when she saw Jonathan go to find the kids personally. 
She had never forgiven him all this while. 
After all, the whole family ended up like this because of him. 
Hence, there was no way she would accept him so quickly. 
But now that she saw how he acted personally to protect the kids’ safety, she did not know how to react to it. 
“Mr. Hayes, why do you want to bring the kids here suddenly? Aren’t you afraid that they might get into danger?” 
After Jonathan left, the room door on the third floor finally opened.
Sasha would come up to send food or to check up on his body. In all, she would come up more than seven times in a day. 
And this question had been sticking in her throat for a long while. 
At that moment, Sebastian was standing by the window, staring at the scenery outside. 
Since he opened his room’s door two days ago, he had been utterly quiet. Sometimes, he would stand by the window for hours. It made Sasha somehow uneasy. 
After hearing Sasha’s question, he raised his brows slightly and answered, “It’s because I’m here.” 
Sasha was loss for words. 
Her worries faded instantly upon hearing Sebastian’s reply. 
That’s right. If he’s here, he’ll protect them well. Whether or not he remembers, the bond of a father will be there. 
After coming out of the room, Sasha started to worry about her daughter’s situation. 
Sasha texted: Sabrina, what did you say when you mentioned Vivi to Jonathan? 
Sabrina texted back: What else could I say? I said what you told me to, that she was sick and got sent to another place by my brother. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
This is so awkward… but I can’t think of another excuse…Vivian is, in fact, here in this place. 
Putting down the phone, Sasha did not further think about this matter. On the other hand, she began worrying about her two sons. Will they be obedient if they meet Jonathan suddenly?
Little did she know that Vivian had already informed the two boys in Miralaea about what happened around here. 
Vivian texted: Brother Cal is dead. I’m really sad. 
Meanwhile, Matteo was sitting on the villa staircase, filled with worries. He had not received any news from Vivian for over two days. 
On the other hand, Ian was also overwhelmed with sorrow. 
As he grew up in the Hayes Residence, Calvin’s death was a big blow to him. 
So who exactly caused his death? 
“I want to avenge him!” He clenched his fists in profound exasperation. 
Matteo cast a glance at him and reminded, “How do you want to do it? We don’t even know who killed him.” 
They witnessed Calvin’s death through Vivian’s hairpin, but they could not see what he wrote on Sebastian’s palm before his last breath. 
###Chapter 829
Chapter 829
Of course, even if they saw it, they might not be able to understand it too. 
So who exactly is behind his death? How are we going to get revenge for him? 
“Isn’t that old man coming to fetch us? If we keep an eye on him, we should be able to find out the real culprit!” 
Right then, Ian spat out a sentence. 
That old man? Does he mean the old man from the Jadesons? 
Matteo’s eyes lit up. “That’s right. That family is full of bad people. They even went after Daddy before. Let’s keep an eye on him after we go over there. I’m sure we’ll discover something.” 
It turned out that the two of them had never liked their father’s new home too. 
With that, both of them came to an agreement. 
When Jonathan arrived, the two of them had gotten ready and were waiting for him the following day. 
“Is that them?” 
When Jonathan first saw the twins, his hands trembled incessantly with excitement as the twins resembled their father perfectly. 
“Yes. He is the elder one, Mr. Ian. And that is the younger of the twins, Mr. Matteo,” 
The bodyguard from Hayes explained to Jonathan after realizing the latter did not recognize the twins.
Ian? Matteo? 
Jonathan’s eyes became red with tears after hearing those two names. 
He did not mind them keeping their family names. When he got Sebastian back, he also did not request him to change his Hayes family name. 
Of course, he would not want the kids to do so too. 
He could not suppress the joy in his heart and wanted to touch them, but Ian immediately avoided him with a look full of hatred. 
Jonathan was rendered speechless by that gesture. 
“Mr. Ian, this is your Great-grandpa. He won’t hurt you.” 
Upon seeing that, the bodyguard immediately explained it to Ian. 
However, Ian did not seem to comply, as he turned abruptly and left. He showed no respect for Jonathan, his look utterly cold like his father. 
Fortunately, there was still Matteo. 
Just then, Matteo approached Jonathan with a smile on his face. “Great-grandpa, my brother doesn’t like to talk. You can talk to me instead.” 
The next second, he walked over and stood below Jonathan’s hand that initially wanted to touch Ian. 
At the instant, Jonathan felt like he had gotten struck by lightning. 
The tiny head felt so soft and rare to him, as his hands were used to grabbing weapons in battles. 
He felt like he might break it accidentally if he used too much force.
With that, Jonathan’s hand trembled, utterly cautious with his touch. 
“Okay, okay. I’ll talk to you… Can I go in to sit for a while?” 
“Of course. Come, I’ll bring you inside.” 
Matteo reached out his hand and generously grabbed onto Jonathan’s stout fingers. 
Ian is such a fool. To let this old man off his guard, we’ll need to build a close relationship with him from the start. Then he won’t suspect us in the future. 
As such, Matteo brought Jonathan into the room. 
Then, he told the latter he would pour him a glass of juice. But in fact, he went to the kitchen and popped an instant juice pill into the glass. 
“Great-grandpa, this is for you.” 
“Okay…” 
Jonathan’s eyes brimmed with tears again. 
He would not mind the details, as his great-grandson’s obedience and cuteness had melted his heart thoroughly. 
With that, he emptied that glass of “juice”. 
“Is it nice?” 
“Yes, it’s delicious.” 
So he seems like a foolish old man.
Some moment later, Matteo went to find his brother. 
After half an hour, the twins finally finished packing and were ready to depart. 
“Why are there only two of them? Where’s the girl?” Jonathan could not suppress his curiosity. 
“Ms. Vivian is not here. We just received the twins from Calvin. I suppose Ms. Vivian fell sick and was sent to another place by Mr. Hayes. But we have no idea,” The bodyguards explained apologetically. 
Jonathan became speechless; he was downright disappointed. 
His heart did not feel complete as his great-granddaughter was yet to be found. 
However, as he turned around and saw the twins, his lips curled into a genuine smile once again. 
“Then let’s bring you two back first. I’m taking you home.” He reached out both his hands, hoping to grab their hand one at aside. 
But once again, Ian rejected his goodwill and went into the car himself. 
Only Matteo hold onto his hand good-naturedly. 
What a pair of twins… 
Shortly later, Jonathan with the twins left the place for good. 
Right at that moment, in a secret room where relationships trees got plastered on four sides of the walls, stood a man. 
###Chapter 830
Chapter 830
He flipped the table all of a sudden. 
Bang! 
The next moment, his subordinate dropped down on one knee on the other side of the curtain. 
The man in the house said, “It took me so long to come this far, yet Magnus destroyed everything!” 
“It’s my fault. I’m willing to receive any punishment!” 
The next moment, blood spilled all over the curtain, and two fingers fell off and jittered on the floor. 
Surprisingly, the subordinate maintained his posture by kneeling on one knee. 
Seconds later, the whole place reeked of fresh blood. 
The man inside the house seemed to have calmed down a little as he said, “Has Jonathan found the kids?” 
“Yes.” 
“You’re all garbage! You can’t even get rid of a nobody after so many months! Why should I keep you all around?” 
The man furiously flung a dart as soon as he finished. 
Ding!
The dart hit Jonathan’s photo at the center of the wall. 
If one were to observe the room closely, a family tree with photos, which depicted the relationships between all Jadesons in detail, was put on all four walls, including Jonathan, Jared, and all branch families. 
The family tree reflected that the Jadesons were powerful, so much so that the head of state would be astounded by it. 
However, the family tree became smaller as one continued reading it from top to bottom, as though the Jadesons had been slowly eliminated by unknown enemies. 
Although the photo of Jonathan’s youngest son, Shin, had been removed, Sebastia’s photo was included below it. 
“Sir, what would you like me to do? Do you want the kids dead? Rest assured that I’ll bring their heads to you at all costs once you instruct me to do it.” 
Since the room fell silent for a while, the subordinate, who kneeled on the other side of the curtain, proposed it to redeem himself. 
However, the man inside the basement sneered, “Jonathan picked them up by himself. Do you think you’re capable of taking their heads?” 
He paused for a while and scolded, “Stop making trouble! Now that the killer is dead, Jonathan knows that danger is near. So, don’t do anything at this moment to avoid unnecessary trouble.” 
With that, the subordinate dared not utter a word. 
As if a thought flashed through his mind, the man in the room asked, “No. 3 used to report to me about Jasmine’s niece. Is the news true?”
“Yes. She was the one who leaked the news to Jonathan.” 
“In that case, we should start from her. Fan the flames between the Jadesons’ current successor and Jonathan’s grandson, who showed up all of a sudden. When the Jadesons are in turmoil, we stand to benefit from it,” He said viciously while pointing at Devin and Sebastian’s photo that he had just put up. 
This is indeed a wicked ploy! 
Although Devin might not be bothered, his parents will never allow someone to replace their son as the Jadesons’ successor. 
As such, the family will never be peaceful once the confrontation occurs. 
After Devin returned to Oceanic Estate, he was informed that Jonathan had brought the twins home. 
He left Jadeborough for three days to investigate Calvin and only came home now. 
Upon hearing the news, Devin was shocked. “Did you say Sebastian allowed you to bring them here? Did he not know where the kids were? Why did he suddenly ask you to pick them up?” 
Jasmine snickered and added, “This proves that he had always been lying and wasn’t suffering multiple personality disorder at all. I tell you what, everything that he does now is to ensure that he can gain a foothold in the Jadesons.” 
“That’s right, Devin. You have to be on the alert for his tricks. After all, I can’t even read his mind now.” 
Surprisingly, Stephen chose to stand by Jasmine’s side now. 
Devin couldn’t help but frown upon hearing it.
“Dad, what are you saying? I mean, he only brought the kids home. What kind of tricks can he play? He knows he had three kids after what happened to Calvin. So, isn’t it logical for him to bring them back to Oceanic Estate?” 
Jasmine was furious as Devin still supported Sebastian. 
“Are you silly? How will you stay as the Jadesons’ successor after he brings the three kids home? In case you forgot, Sebastian is the son of the late Shin. Now that Sebastian has three kids, how can you compete with him?” 
“That’s right, Devin. I’m sorry that I didn’t tell you this before—When I served some tea to Granduncle Jonathan, I happened to overhear his conversation with the butler. He said he had to train Ian to become a qualified successor.” At that time, even Kira chimed in. 
###Chapter 831
Chapter 831
Upon hearing what Kira said, Stephen and Jasmine got emotional. 
Devin left Red Pavilion as he couldn’t stand the bombardment. 
Deep down, he was determined not to listen to the bullsh*t. 
No matter the rumor was true or not, Devin remained unperturbed. After all, he always thought that Sebastian was more outstanding than him. 
All the more so, Sebastian was supposed to be the Jadesons’ successor if Shin hadn’t passed away. Hence, Devin thought it wasn’t a problem to return the status to Sebastian. 
Devin came to Oceanic Estate. 
Initially, he wanted to go straight to the second floor to ask Sebastian if he had recovered. 
After all, he cared about Sebastian’s health beyond all else. 
Before Devin went upstairs, he saw a few kids playing with Jonathan in the garden outside the estate. 
Since Jonathan was aged, he seldom moved around like how he was doing at that moment. 
However, Devin saw Jonathan act like a kidult and enjoy playing with the kids. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, I haven’t seen you in such a good mood for a long time. I think you had never smiled ever since Shin passed away.” 
“Really?” Jonathan responded casually to Tony’s words.
Tony nodded and added, “Yes. You weren’t that delighted even when Mr. Devin was born. Besides, you seldom hugged him after he got older.” 
Tony hoped that Jonathan would feel even happier after hearing it. 
After all, he hadn’t seen Jonathan feel so delighted for years. 
However, Tony didn’t know that Devin had overheard the conversation not far from the garden. With a grim expression on his face, Devin recalled the past. 
Indeed, Grandpa never hugged me when I was young. 
Although I’m his biological grandson, he was always strict and unsmiling, not to mention that he never hugged me. 
As such, Devin was fearful of Jonathan when he was young. 
Besides, he couldn’t imagine that Jonathan was so gentle and treated the children lovingly. 
A grim look crossed Devin’s face as he pondered over it. 
After a while, Sasha walked toward the garden while holding a few glasses of fruit juice. She was stunned upon seeing Devin, who stood still and didn’t utter a word. 
“Mr. Devin, why are you standing here? Are you here to visit the kids? Well, you can go to them directly. I think they’ll like you.” 
Sasha thought Devin hesitated because he saw the children. 
After all, she knew that Devin felt guilty about what happened in the past.
Once Devin heard Sasha’s voice, he turned around and said in a slight panic, “It’s okay. I’m here to look around the building. Anyway, I’m here to see Sebastian.” 
“I see. He’s upstairs.” 
Sasha gazed at him and pointed at the second floor. 
Since Devin left hurriedly, Sasha couldn’t help but feel curious. 
What’s gotten into him? 
Soon, Devin arrived at the second floor. 
It was a day with lovely weather and fresh air. Surprisingly, Sebastian didn’t stay in his bedroom like he usually did. He came out and grabbed a chair to sit outside and write something on a notebook. 
As Sebastian was writing, he caught sight of Devin, who was dressed in a camouflage uniform. 
“Sebastian, what are you doing?” 
Devin came up to Sebastian and gazed at the notebook. 
Sebastian squinted and closed the notebook. The next moment, his expression turned grim. 
Devin fell silent and stood still. However, Devin didn’t reveal that he was in a worse mood than Sebastian. 
A few seconds later, Devin took a deep breath and calmed himself down. Pretending to be nonchalant, he grabbed a chair and sat in front of Sebastian. 
“Alright, you don’t have to hide it. I promise that I won’t peek at it. By the way, I happened to have seen your two kids downstairs. Why did you bring them here? Are you planning to let them join the family
officially?” Devin asked casually as though he only wanted to chat with Sebastian. 
Much to Devin’s surprise, Sebastian’s expression turned even colder than before. 
“What do you mean by letting them join the family officially? What do they have to do with the Jadesons?” 
As soon as Sebastian finished, Devin was rendered speechless. 
Devin asked Sebastian out of curiosity and wasn’t plotting anything. Also, he sincerely wished to find out if Sebastian’s memory had recovered. 
In short, Devin asked the questions because he cared about Sebastian. 
Shocked by Sebastian’s cold and sharp response, Devin didn’t utter a word for quite some time. 
“You—” 
When Sebastian wanted to say something, Devin suddenly stood up and said, “Well, I shall take my leave. Please get some rest.” 
With that, Devin turned around and left without listening to Sebastian. 
Sebastian frowned and watched him leave. 
However, he didn’t say anything to stop Devin from leaving and opened the notebook again a few seconds later. 
Sebastian jotted down the relationships between many people and the Jadesons. 
One couldn’t help but think that the people in the notebook were some wolves that lurked around to devour the Jadesons.
###Chapter 832
Chapter 832
Ever since her two sons were here, they were everything that occupied Sasha’s mind. 
“Mommy, since your face has recovered, why don’t you show it to Daddy? I believe Daddy will remember you. Well, even Brother Cal remembers you.” 
“Mn.” 
When no one was around to keep an eye on them, the brothers came up to Sasha secretly and asked her a series of questions. 
Sasha couldn’t help but heave a sigh. 
Of course, I wish to take off the fake stuff on my face. 
But what happens after I take it off? Will he be fond of me once he sees my face? 
After all, Sebastian hasn’t recognized Calvin and Karl but only remembers their names. 
Judging from Sebastian’s gaze when he saw Calvin and Karl the first time, Sasha could tell that he felt suspicious and thought they were strangers. 
Hence, Sasha thought he probably remembered her name only and nothing else. She was afraid to see his reaction when she showed her true self. 
More importantly, Sasha was concerned about what Jonathan’s bodyguard captain told her—there was a mastermind behind Calvin’s death. 
The mastermind doesn’t intend to target Sebastian only but the entire Jadesons!
Under such circumstances, should I reveal my true self? 
After all, I don’t want to become his weak spot that burdens him anymore. 
“Be patient, sweeties. I need more time to think it through. Since Daddy’s condition isn’t stable yet, I should wait for the right timing to tell him.” Sasha comforted her kids. 
Instantly, the two boys looked disappointed at her words. 
In that case, when will it happen? 
Despite their anxiousness, they knew they ought not to make trouble just because Sasha didn’t agree to their suggestion. Instead, they had to listen to Sasha and continued calling her “Ms. Nancy.” 
Jonathan didn’t suspect Sasha, for he thought his great-grandsons were fond of her only because she was also a mother. 
However, Kira happened to visit Jonathan that day. 
“Granduncle, I heard that you’ve brought your great-grandsons here. So, I bought sweet potato flour and some ingredients to make their favorite desserts.” 
Jonathan gazed at the two kids upon hearing it. The next moment, he urged Kira smilingly, “By all means —you can prepare the desserts now.” 
Well, Granduncle Jonathan really indulges the kids’ whims. 
He loves the kids so much and wants to protect them at all costs. Now that a good cook like me wants to cook for them, how can he decline my offer? 
With that, Kira went into the kitchen happily while carrying the ingredients.
At that moment, Sasha and Sebastian happened to have come out from the treatment room. Sasha was startled upon seeing Kira carrying so many ingredients. 
“Does Ms. Woods like kids? I mean, she has come here purposely to make some food for your kids.” 
Sebastian’s eyes flickered as he was walking. Initially, he wasn’t interested in knowing it. 
However, upon feeling that Sasha was seemingly unhappy, Sebastian couldn’t help but glance at the garden. 
“Are you saying she likes your daughter?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was startled for a while, for she didn’t understand why Sebastian brought it up all of a sudden. A moment later, she shook her head and replied, “I think she doesn’t like my daughter.” 
Sasha recalled that Kira didn’t show any affection to Vivian, no matter it was before or after Sasha came to Oceanic Estate. 
As soon as Sasha denied that, Sebastian cast her a disdainful glance and said, “In that case, why did you ask the stupid question just now?” 
This b*stard! 
Despite her anger, Sasha came to her senses after Sebastian reminded her. 
Kira supposedly isn’t fond of my sons; on the contrary, she wants to flatter the man behind them. 
Instantly, Sasha felt unhappy because Kira used her sons as some tools. 
“Mr. Hayes, I think you should keep the kids away from her. Since she wants to get along with the kids with ulterior motives, I think she will bring about negative effects on them as they grow up.”
“Up to you,” Sebastian said casually and continued to walk. 
Soon, he took the elevator to go upstairs. 
Sasha rushed toward the garden happily after Sebastian left. 
“Mr. Ian, I’ve finally found you. Vivi was in my room and looking for you guys just now. Anyway, can I join you to play together?” Sasha waved at the two kids while they were playing with Jonathan. 
Upon seeing Sasha, they dropped their toys and rushed toward her. 
“Sure. We’re coming with you right away.” 
With that, the two kids followed Sasha and disappeared in no time. 
###Chapter 833
Chapter 833
Jonathan was fuming. 
“Dr. West, didn’t you see that I was playing with the children? Why did you let her call the kids away?” he grumbled irritably. He cast an annoyed glance at Sasha. This is all her fault! 
Sasha walked over to him, smiling apologetically. 
“Apologies, Old Mr. Jadeson, I did not notice you here. My little girl has been begging and begging to see the children and play with them. I wanted to speak to Mr. Hayes regarding the treatment, so I had to bring her upstairs so that she would stop bugging me. Apologies again!” 
Jonathan said nothing. He merely exchanged an irritable look with the doctor. 
He did not understand why he was feeling so annoyed. Before he had his two grandsons, he had not had much patience for the little girl. 
However, now that he had the two of them, his heart had softened for the girl. 
He raised his head and looked at the young man who had already reached the door of the room upstairs. Anger bubbled up in him again. 
That b*stard! So, nobody can touch the kids anymore? Why is this lady doctor allowed to do whatever she wants to them? Am I not allowed to say anything about it? 
The more Jonathan thought about it, the angrier he got.
When Devin left the Red Pavilion that day, he had gone straight back to the army barracks and did not return again for a long while. 
Jasmine was very upset by his absence. 
At that moment, Kira, who often went over to the Oceanic Estate, brought with her some bad news. 
“Aunt Jasmine, I heard that Old Mr. Jadeson intends to send his great-grandsons to Opal Garden Academy to study.” 
“What did you say? Opal Garden Academy!” 
Jasmine almost imploded when she heard. 
Opal Garden Academy? He wants to send his great-grandsons to that school? Opal Garden Academy was, in fact, the most elite school in Jadeborough. Nobody could bribe their way in with money or influence. Only those with the requisite merits could earn an admission. 
All the graduates of that school turned out to be the most sought-after talents of the country. 
Anger bubbled up in Jasmine. 
She thought of her son, Devin. 
Devin had been a precocious young boy, and he had a good temperament. Stephen and Jasmine had wanted to enroll Devin into Opal Garden Academy. 
However, Jonathan had sternly stopped them. 
He had said that if people knew that his grandson attended Opal Garden Academy, they would definitely gossip about how Jonathan had pulled strings for an admission. Jonathan did not want to taint the reputation of that century-old academy that way.
Yet, now he wants to send his great-grandsons there? Those two little rascals! They’re only six years old! Just first graders! Yet, he’s already wanting to send them there. What the h*ll is this supposed to mean? 
Jasmine was really hurt by Jonathan’s unfairness. As soon as Kira left, she immediately phoned Devin at the army barracks. 
“Devin, I really don’t understand why your Grandpa is showing such blatant favoritism! Were you not good enough for him as a child? Why did he treat you that way? You are all of his blood! Why is being so unfair?” 
Devin kept quiet as his mother ranted to him. 
After a while, his voice sounded over the phone, “Mom, why do you always think the worst of everyone? I could not enter that school back then precisely because I was not good enough to earn an admission!” 
“Bullsh*t!” Jasmine retorted huffily. “What do you mean you were not good enough? You were only twelve years old back then and already a sports champion! All the other major schools were scouting you! How can you say that you were not good enough?” 
She punctuated each word with a loud slap on the table in front of her. 
Devin finally lost his patience. 
He did not even bother to make up a convincing excuse and simply said, “That’s enough. I have something to attend to. Goodbye now.” He ended the call without waiting to hear Jasmine’s reply. 
Xavier, who was in training with him, overheard the tail-end of his conversation and teased, “What’s wrong? Is your mother nagging you to get married again?” 
“Stop joking around and start practicing!” Devin retorted huffily. 
His mother had put him in an irritable mood.
Xavier’s grin widened when he realized that his words had found their mark. “I am practicing! I never stopped! Don’t be grumpy! I just can’t wait to be invited to your wedding!” 
“Keep dreaming then!” 
“Is it not happening soon? What happened to Ms. Hayes? Haven’t the two of you been getting along very well recently?” 
Anger flashed across Devin’s face when Xavier brought up Sabrina’s name. 
The resentment that he had kept buried in his heart resurfaced. His eyes narrowed and his fists tightened around the rifle he had been training with. 
Pew! 
Devin fired a shot. 
His bullet flew directly through the one that Xavier had just fired. 
Xavier’s jaw dropped. 
What the h*ll! This is too much! What is he trying to do? So violent! 
Cold sweat beaded Xavier’s forehead. He dared not utter another word to Devin. 
This was the first time that Devin had lost his temper on the training ground. 
Devin stalked back to his dormitory and peeled off his sweat-soaked vest. As he was getting ready to take a shower, he caught sight of himself in the mirror. He paused and took a moment to scrutinize the strong, muscled torso reflected back to him. 
Jasmine had spoken the truth.
Ever since he was a child, he had always been outstanding. 
However, he excelled not by his brains, but by his brawn. He had been a natural at sports as a young boy. Even before he finished elementary school, he was already a champion at various sporting games. 
###Chapter 834
Chapter 834
Later on, when Devin joined the army, his physical prowess became even more pronounced. 
Within a mere few years, he had been promoted from a low-rank soldier to his current position. There were many envious eyes following his rise through the ranks. 
However, he knew his Grandpa had always preferred ‘scholars’. 
Scholars had brains and intellect, and that was what his Grandpa respected. 
For example, his Uncle Shin. 
Another example is Uncle Shin’s son, Sebastian. 
Devin stood in front of the mirror for a long while, glaring at the image reflected back at him. The mist from the hot water had already risen all around him before he pulled himself away and walked into the shower. 
Rather than trying to change himself to live up to his Grandpa’s expectations, perhaps it was better to just let Sebastian garner that favor. 
Sebastian, too, had heard about the plan to send his two sons to Opal Garden Academy. 
Instead of feeling happy and proud of his sons’ achievements, he had slammed his pen onto the table and yelled, “No!” 
“Why?” Tony asked. It was him who had relayed the news to Sebastian. His eyes widened in shock when he heard Sebastian protest so strongly.
“Mr. Sebastian, Opal Garden Academy is the best school in the city. Only the most deserving students are able to get in. No amount of influence, money, or power will get you a place there.” 
Tony assumed that Sebastian was unaware of the school’s good reputation and hurriedly sung praises of the school’s merits and the privilege of being enrolled there. 
However, Sebastian had coldly retorted, “I’ve already said that they’re not going to that school. That’s the end of it.” 
“But…” 
“Get out!” 
Tony’s face paled at those two words. He ceased speaking immediately. 
After a few awkward minutes, he quietly retreated from the room. 
Sasha, who was in the room the entire time and who had overheard the conversation, could not help asking curiously, “Mr. Hayes, I know of Opal Garden Academy. It’s a great school! Why don’t you want your two boys to attend that school?” 
Lately, Sasha had become bolder and even dared to ask him such a question. 
Sebastian cast a glance at her. 
His face still wore an annoyed expression. “If it’s such a good school, then why didn’t the Jadesons ever send their heir there?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was surprised by his answer. 
It was such a strange and sudden thing to say. She did not understand where he was coming from.
Heir of the Jadesons? Does he mean Devin? Devin didn’t graduate from Opal Garden Academy? That’s weird! Sasha found that hard to believe. 
However, Devin’s status as the Jadesons’ heir had only been confirmed by Jonathan when he was twenty-five years old. There was more to Devin than people knew. 
Sebastian only found out that Devin had gone to Norland when Sabrina told him about it. 
Sabrina: Sebastian, can you help me persuade him? Please discourage him from going to such a dangerous place. Norland is a country at war with itself! I don’t how many of their riot squad officers have already been sacrificed. Even your father… 
That last sentence was left hanging. Sabrina did not send any more WhatsApp messages after that. 
The two of them understood what was left unsaid. 
Sebastian’s face paled. 
A few minutes later, Sasha, who was playing with the children downstairs, saw Sebastian walking down the steps. He was all dressed up. Sasha was surprised; Sebastian rarely wore his formal suit. However, he said nothing to her and merely strode straight towards the front door. 
What’s he up to? Sasha wondered. 
She immediately sprang to her feet and ran after him. 
“Mr. Hayes, where are you going?” 
This was the first time that he had left the Oceanic Estate by himself ever since he had woken up. 
Sasha’s brows were creased with concern.
Sebastian heard her footsteps behind him and whirled around. “Don’t come with me. I’ll be back soon.” 
His voice was stern and his entire expression was rather terrifyingly sharp. 
Sasha immediately stopped following him. 
Sebastian did not mean to scare her. Anyway, he had said that he would be back soon. 
In the end, Sasha did not tail after him and stayed back in the Oceanic Estate to wait for his return. 
However, he still had not come back by afternoon. 
Instead, a call came from the army for Jonathan. Apparently, Sebastian had caught wind of the news that Devin had gone to Norland to join their riot squad. He had immediately hired a helicopter and flown to Norland. 
What on earth! 
When Jonathan heard this, he got so angry that he almost fainted. 
In the end, it was Xavier who dealt with the matter. He immediately contacted the team in Norland as soon as he heard the news and instructed them to send Sebastian home. 
However, two days after that, Sebastian still had not returned home. Instead, something major had happened over at the White House. Apparently, people had suddenly been found dead. 
What was alarming was the fact that three people had been found dead at the same time, and all of them held important posts. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, Hubert Conrad is one of the men found dead.” 
“Oh no, Hubert?”
Jonathan, who was already in a state of shock from the news of the deaths, choked on his breath when he heard Hubert’s name. 
Hubert? Isn’t he the deputy secretary of state? Alfred’s right-hand man? 
###Chapter 835
Chapter 835
“How did he die?” 
“Rumors said that he breathed his last on his mistress’ bed, but it was all covered up. The official story is that he had died from a sudden illness after being rushed to the hospital.” 
Xavier told Jonathan everything he knew. He held nothing back. 
Just when he thought nothing could shock him anymore, Jonathan once again gasped when he heard Xavier’s reply. 
Having been involved in politics for decades, Jonathan knew that nobody was innocent and blameless. Every single person had skeletons in their closet. He, too, had his own dark secrets. 
However, Hubert was such a high-ranking officer. How could he be so careless to allow such an embarrassing thing to happen? 
Jonathan found it hard to believe. 
“What about the other two persons? How did they die?” 
“The other two died in a more conventional way, a drunk driving accident. The two of them were on their way to dinner when they got into a car accident.” 
Xavier handed a photograph over to Jonathan. 
Jonathan took it from him and brought it closer to his eyes.
The photograph showed a black sedan that had crashed into the underside of a large trailer. It was a typical car accident scene. There was nothing unusual about it. 
It was a tragic scene, though. From the photograph, one could guess that the passengers in the black sedan had become completely unrecognizable. 
However, it was still a very typical accident scene, and nothing was out of the ordinary. 
Jonathan handed the photo back to Xavier. Although their deaths came too suddenly, he could not deny that he was not too bothered by it. 
“Hubert had always had a thing against us Jadesons. His death is nothing for me to mourn over.” 
“Yes, I was initially worried that Mr. Sebastian rushing over to military headquarters in Norland would cause trouble, but it seems like the deaths at the White House is an even bigger issue. No one would even bother with the Jadesons’ affairs now. We will have no trouble.” 
Jonathan, who had been in a fairly good mood, slammed his teacup down on the table when he was reminded of Sebastian’s brash action. 
“I haven’t got started on that Sebastian yet! Who allowed him to act so recklessly? Is that boy seeking death? He dares to barge into their military headquarters and kick up a fuss?” 
Jonathan’s anger was boiling over again. 
Cold sweat beaded Xavier’s forehead. 
What does he mean by who allowed him to act so recklessly? He’s a Jadeson! Who would dare to stop him from doing anything? Besides, Sebastian had not bothered the military at all with his actions. He had commissioned the helicopter at his own expense. Why would the military give a hoot about him? He had the right to go anywhere he wanted.
Xavier felt exhausted dealing with all these problems. 
“Why don’t you give him a call then, Old Mr. Jadeson?” 
“Don’t you think I would have tried that already?” Jonathan snapped. 
At that moment, Xavier understood. 
It was unlikely that Sebastian would answer a call from Jonathan at this moment. In fact, he would probably not answer any calls from anyone at all. 
What have you done, Sebastian? 
In the end, Jonathan had no choice but to call Devin again and urge him to send Sebastian home quickly. That was the only way to deal with that problem at that moment. 
However, what Jonathan did not know was that, at that point in time, Devin still had not seen Sebastian at all. 
On the day that Sebastian had rushed over the Norland, Devin had received news that he was coming. He had immediately ordered his team to stay put while he waited for that reckless man to arrive. 
Two days had passed and still, that b*stard was nowhere to be seen. 
“Major, do you think something terrible has happened to your brother?” 
“He could be right, Major. Norland is a dangerous place. Your brother knows nothing about the realities of this country. If the terrorists got to him, I’m afraid…” 
“All of you, be quiet!”
Devin was already feeling agitated by Sebastian’s absence. He felt even worse when he heard his team’s speculation. 
He pulled out his cellphone and tried dialing Sebastian’s number again. 
“Hello, the number you have dialed is temporarily unavailable…” 
“F*ck!” 
The decorated major from Jadeborough finally exploded. 
After the call again failed to connect, Devin and his men tracked the location of Sebastian’s phone number from its signals. Its location beeped steadily on their screen. Devin felt relieved to see this. 
Lucky for us, that idiot doesn’t have a clue about how to block his location signals! 
Devin ordered his men to keep a close eye on Sebastian’s location and report any changes to him. 
At that moment, Sasha, who had remained at the Oceanic Estate, sent a message to Sebastian. 
Sasha: Mr. Hayes, when are you coming home? It’s been two days since you’ve left! If you don’t come home soon, I’ll come after you. 
She was in a room on the second floor. After fretting for two whole days, she had finally lost her patience and sent such a threatening message to Sebastian. 
Her phone pinged with a reply message within seconds. 
Sebastian: Are you crazy? Why would you come after me? 
Sasha: As your doctor, I must be responsible for the state of your health. If you won’t come home, then I’ll go to wherever you are.
Sebastian was speechless. 
Sasha could sense the vein on his forehead throbbing even through the screen. 
Sasha stared at her phone screen. If he still doesn’t reply me, I’ll book a plane ticket to Norland immediately! 
###Chapter 836
Chapter 836
Unexpectedly, a few minutes later, Sebastian texted: I’ll be back tomorrow. 
Sasha replied: Really? What time? Are you going back to Oceanic Estate straight away? 
Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
Such continuous questioning had overstepped the boundaries of her job scope as a family physician. Her employer had all the right to ignore her questions, or even fire her. 
Standing right where she was, Sasha had her eyes glued to the phone screen. Finally, the man replied: Before twelve o’clock. 
Before twelve o’clock? That’s great. I’m contented as long as he tells me an exact time. 
Relief washed over Sasha. Then, she made her way down the stairs. 
As soon as she came downstairs, a little girl in a pink dress scampered in from the garden to look for her. 
“Mommy, mommy, Ian, and Matt are following Ms. Woods to have dessert outside.” 
“What?” 
Sasha was stunned for a second. 
Dessert? What dessert? Kira knows how to make all kinds of dessert, doesn’t she? Why does she want to take the boys out to eat dessert then? 
Holding her daughter’s hand, the woman strode out the door.
She was extremely vigilant about the kids’ safety now. Though their father had brought them here, where many safety precautions were implemented, she still could not let her guard down. 
Sure enough, when she arrived at the garden, she saw Kira trying to persuade Jonathan together with the two boys. 
“Granduncle, I know how to bake that dessert, but I can’t get a particular ingredient that dessert shop has, so the dessert I make will taste different. That’s why I want to bring them there.” 
“Why don’t you ask them to sell you that ingredient?” 
Jonathan was of the same mind as Sasha, refusing to let his great-grandsons go out unnecessarily. 
However, Kira was unrelenting. “That’s their secret recipe, so I don’t want to force them. Granduncle, if you’re worried about them, we won’t go then. I’ll bake another dessert.” 
Sensing Jonathan’s reluctance, she was shrewd enough to stop pestering him. 
Sasha breathed a sigh of relief. 
Just as she was about to leave with her daughter, Matteo stepped forward and pleaded, “No, I want to go. Please, Great-grandpa, I really want to eat that dessert.” 
“Do you really want to go?” 
A bewildered look crossed Jonathan’s face at his great-grandson’s sudden coquettish behavior. 
I didn’t know this boy has a sweet tooth. Didn’t he use to give that little girl all his yummy food? It seems like she’s indeed a glutton. 
“Yeah, I’ve never eaten it before, and the same goes for Ian. Am I right, Ian?” Matteo said coyly, tugging at his brother’s shirt.
Even the aloof Ian nodded his head in agreement. 
Jonathan was overjoyed at his reaction. 
My eldest great-grandson is so taciturn that I can count the number of words he spoke to me, let alone begging me. 
The man was so ecstatic that he could no longer think reasonably. 
“Sure, sure, let’s go then. I’ll take you guys there.” Tapping his thighs, he stood up and was ready to take the two boys out himself. 
Standing beside them, Kira was like an ant on a hot pan. 
“Granduncle, are you coming too?” 
“Yes, why can’t I come?” 
“No, I-I didn’t mean that, but….” 
“Great-grandpa, you don’t get it. You’re our elder, so if you come with us, we’ll be so nervous that we can’t fully enjoy ourselves. Great-grandpa, please wait for us at home. Don’t worry, I’ll bring you the best dessert!” 
The sharp-witted Matteo reminded his great-grandpa. 
He even patted his chest with his little hand to assure the elderly man that he would take away some dessert for him. 
His words melted Jonathan’s heart right away. 
In the end, Jonathan agreed not to tag along, but he sent someone to follow her.
At the same time, Sasha was still observing them some distance away. Seeing that Jonathan had given them the green light, she furrowed her brows. 
“Hold on, Ms. Woods. My daughter would like to go with you. Can you bring her along?” 
“Huh?” 
Kira was about to march out of the garden with the boys. A twinge of displeasure welled up in her heart when she saw the mother-and-daughter duo show up out of nowhere. 
“I…” 
“Ms. Woods, I’m sorry, but my daughter is a glutton. That’s why she ran over to look for me when she saw the boys going out for dessert. If it’s inconvenient for you, I’ll bring her there with you guys.” 
Not giving Kira any chance to reject her, she gently pushed Vivian over to her sons. 
Matteo and Ian were at a loss for words. 
What should we do now? Our silly mommy meddles in our affair again. 
The boys’ forehead creased slightly, but they quickly held their sister’s hand, as they were afraid that their mother could tell that something was amiss. 
“Sure, we’ll bring her along.” 
“Yeah, let’s go together,” Ian agreed as well. 
###Chapter 837
Chapter 837
The situation left Kira with no choice, so she had to take all four of them out. 
As expected by Sasha, taking the boys out to have dessert wasn’t Kira’s sole intention. The latter followed Jasmine’s instruction to bring them to Warlock Road for a meal. 
Warlock Road was the oldest street in the city. Back then, ancient tombs were found underneath it. 
Jasmine did so to make them jinxed or cursed. After all, the six-year-old boys were still immature. According to superstition, young children like them could be easily possessed by spirits. 
Soon, Kira brought them to a dessert shop opposite the ancient tombs museum. 
“Alright, we’re here. I’ll go in and say hi to the owner. Take a seat.” 
“Sure,” Matteo answered obediently. 
Afterward, Sasha and her children sat at a table, waiting for the dessert to be served. 
“Spill it, you two. Why do you want to follow Ms. Woods here for dessert?” 
Since they were already here, Sasha no longer hold herself back, taking the opportunity to interrogate the two boys when Kira was not around. 
The two boys’ expressions changed at her words. 
Shoot! How did Mommy find out? 
They fidgeted nervously in their seats, and they could not bring themselves to meet their mother’s gaze.
Judging from their reactions, Sasha knew that she was right. Immediately, anger pulsed through her veins. Her expression grew grim as she glared sternly at them. 
“Have you forgotten what I said? I told you that our family is in a very dangerous situation now. Every one of you, your daddy, and I have to protect ourselves. But what are you doing right now? Why did you come out with her? Tell me now!” 
Her eyes were red-rimmed because of her rage. 
Ever since they moved here, she had been a bundle of nerves, afraid that anything bad would happen to the children. 
Besides, their father was not around now. 
Overwhelmed with fury and fear, Sasha could not help but quiver all over. 
The two boys realized their mistake when they saw their mother crying from exasperation. With their heads hung in shame, they stood up and ambled toward her. 
“Sorry, Mommy. It’s all our fault.” 
“Yes, Mommy. Please don’t cry.” 
Ian swiftly came to her side, reaching out to wipe the tears off her face gently. 
Sasha stifled the distress in her heart, wrapping her arms around her sons. 
“Then can you tell me, why must you come out with Ms. Woods today?” she questioned again. 
The woman discovered that something was wrong at the Oceanic Estate, so she insisted on tagging along with her daughter.
As their mother, I know the two of them very well. They’ve never requested a stranger to take them out for a meal, let alone a dessert. 
Born into the Hayes family with a silver spoon in his mouth, Ian and Matteo certainly had tasted all sorts of delicacies. 
Nevertheless, they were overly keen today, especially her younger son, Matteo. She could barely stand how enthusiastic he was toward Kira. 
He was not like himself at all. 
The woman waited patiently for their answer. 
“Mommy, we deliberately let Kira bring us out because we feel she is up to something bad.” 
“Up to something?” 
“Yes, Mommy. Don’t you think she treats me and Ian with too much care and eagerness? Vivi said that Kira wanted to please her in the beginning when you hadn’t come back.” 
Matteo mentioned Vivian suddenly. 
As soon as Sasha heard that, her gaze landed on her daughter. “Vivi, is that true?” 
Holding the rose gold pearl, the little girl nodded without any hesitation. 
“That’s right, Mommy. She’s a bad woman. Before you came back, she always asked me about Daddy whenever Aunt Sabrina was not around. Aunt Sabrina said she was a bad woman too. She must be the one who harmed Brother Cal!” 
The six-year-old girl’s big, round eyes glinted with fury and bitterness at the mention of Calvin.
Sasha’s heart ached for her daughter. 
In fact, she noticed the changes in her daughter’s personality these days. 
Never had she expected that Calvin’s death would cause her ignorant and innocent daughter to mature overnight. Now Vivian knew what vengeance and resentment were. 
Sasha reached out to pull Vivian into her embrace. 
“Alright, don’t worry. If she’s really a bad woman, I promise I will make her pay the price.” 
“Okay, Mommy,” the three children answered in unison. 
A few minutes later, Kira finally came out. 
###Chapter 838
Chapter 838
“All right. I have already spoken to the boss. They will be serving you their signature dessert. It should arrive soon.” 
When she saw that all of them were still seated there, she was very pleased and informed them of her arrangement. 
Sasha smiled. “Thank you, Ms. Woods. Could you keep an eye on my daughter, please? I need to go to the washroom.” 
“Sure. Go on then.” 
Things seemed to have gone on so smoothly that even Kira did not find Vivian to be a pest anymore. With a wave of her hand, she agreed. 
Thereafter, Sasha left the table. 
A few minutes later, she went to the back kitchen of the dessert store and saw a pastry chef preparing some desserts. 
Sasha was no expert when it came to desserts. 
However, as a TCM practitioner, she could tell the various ingredients derived from the plants. 
At that moment, the chef was mixing some translucent powder. If her guess was right, it should be starch of some kind. 
It could be sweet potato flour, tapioca flour, or arrowroot flour.
After that, the chef added some coloring to the starchy flour. 
According to her experience, she was pretty confident that he was using sea buckthorns. 
She was impressed that he used such prime ingredient. 
Sea buckthorn had many benefits. It alleviated the effects of starch, increased one’s immunity, and regulated the digestive system. It was no surprise that this particular dessert shop was patronized by several children. 
The desserts were actually beneficial for the children’s health. 
Sasha continued to observe. 
Suddenly, she noticed the pastry chef adding mashed lychees into the mixture. 
Sasha was taken aback. 
At that moment, her gaze turned frosty. 
Meanwhile, Jonathan was still at the White House when he heard the news of the two children suffering from seizures after consuming some desserts. 
With regard to the death of Hubert Conrad, the cabinet was still seeking Jonathan’s help. They told him specifically that Hubert had been murdered, and that it was not sudden death. That included the two victims who were involved in the car accident as well. 
The cabinet had hoped that he could carry out the investigation and find out what was going on. 
Why have they asked for me?
When Jonathan came to know, he sneered, “Why do I have to carry out the investigation? I’m not a policeman. Unless you are trying to imply that the Jadesons are involved in these cases?” 
His candidness stunned the cabinet secretary for a moment when he heard that. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, you are mistaken. That’s not what I meant. The only reason why I have asked for your assistance in this matter is so that it doesn’t leak out to the public. Once people find out that the security of the White House has been compromised, it will inevitably create turmoil.” 
“Ridiculous!” Jonathan did not seem to be honored with the request. 
“I’ve already retired. Even if I’m still working, I’m in charge of the army and not the police force. If you really want an investigation, you should approach the Director of the Public Security Department and the national guards of the White House. They are the ones who should be investigating. Of course, if you wish to investigate the Jadesons, I can tell you right now that things have been chaotic at home and no one is here!” 
After his outright rejection, Jonathan turned and left. 
The cabinet was furious! 
“What kind of attitude was that? All I wanted was for him to check on the deaths of the three victims. Is that the way to respond to me?” 
“Don’t be angry. Calm down.” 
Another of the cabinet officials said, “You know his temper well enough. He held such a high position once and has never given a damn to anybody before.” 
“Furthermore, you have asked him to investigate Hubert’s death. The two of them don’t see eye to eye. By doing that, aren’t you insinuating that he is involved in Hubert’s death?”
“I-” 
The Cabinet Chairman was guilt-stricken and could not continue. 
Another official saw that and added, “Does he really have anything to do with those three deaths?” 
“I don’t see how he is connected. Haven’t you heard? Two days ago, his eldest grandson, Devin had some issues with his newly-found grandson. Everyone in the barracks knew about it!” 
“Really?” 
The entire cabinet was in shock. 
That official continued, “Yes. Many people are speculating and think that they are vying for power. Have you guys forgotten? Old Mr. Jadeson has also recently brought back a set of twins. They are the offsprings of the youngest grandson!” 
Nobody uttered a word. 
Everyone was enthralled by the gossip they had just heard, and they looked on with excitement and anticipation. 
The cases of the three deaths were long out of their minds. 
There was going to be a power struggle within the Jadesons. 
The thought of it delighted them. 
In the meantime, Jonathan was rushing back to Oceanic Estate. 
###Chapter 839
Chapter 839
“What’s happening? Why would they have seizures all of a sudden? They were all fine before they went out.” 
The moment Jonathan got back, he saw the three children lying down neatly in the nursery. He was hopping mad! 
Kira was so frightened that she got down on her knees. 
“Granduncle, I’m sorry. This is all my fault. I shouldn’t have taken them out for dessert. The desserts must have been too cooling for the children, but I didn’t know they couldn’t take it. I’m so sorry.” 
Tears were flowing down her face as she apologized. She even started to kowtow to Jonathan as a gesture of her remorse. 
Before Jonathan could respond, Sasha, who was attending to the children, stood up. 
“It has nothing to do with cooling desserts. Old Mr. Jadeson, I think you should arrest the boss of the dessert shop. These children have been poisoned.” 
“Poisoned?” 
Everyone froze. 
As for Jonathan, his face looked thunderous! 
“Say again! How?”
“The dessert they consumed was made with tapioca flour and sea buckthorn. There is nothing wrong with the combination of these two ingredients. However, he added lychees afterward. The combination of the three ingredients can cause a sudden high fever in children and subsequently, seizures.” 
Sasha proceeded to share her findings. 
At the same time, she had brought back the ingredients from the dessert shop in order to convince the old man. 
When Jonathan saw that, a fierce, murderous aura shot out from his eyes! 
Kira was paralyzed with fear. 
Poisoned? 
That can’t be true. Aunt Jasmine had said nothing of that sort. 
All she wanted me to do was to bring the children to that street and have them tainted with bad luck. How in the world did it become a case of poisoning? 
Kira was petrified. “No, it’s not like that. Granduncle, I-I don’t know anything about this. I really don’t…” 
“We will know soon. By the way, Old Mr. Jadeson, if the owner of the dessert shop denies it, you can do a check on the desserts that he has done in the past. Ms. Woods has mentioned that this was his signature dessert.” 
“You-” 
Right there and then, Kira could no longer refute anymore, and her face had turned pale. 
Since it was a signature dessert, then it must have been served before.
However, none of the other children had encountered such a reaction after consuming the desserts. If they had, the business of that shop would not be thriving. 
Why then has it happened this time around? 
There can only be one explanation. Either Kira or the pastry chef is lying. 
Jonathan immediately sent his men out. 
More than ten minutes later, his bodyguards informed him that the dessert shop was already closed, and the pastry chef had taken his own life. 
Taken his own life? 
Darkness fell on Kira. 
All the while, Sasha stood at the side and saw that evil woman being dragged away. She stayed in the nursery to tend to the children. In a basin of hot water, she dissolved some powder. 
After wetting a towel with the solution, she wiped the bodies of the three children with the towel. Their eyes opened up instantly, and they were back to normal. 
“Mommy, how did it go? Did the evil witch show her true color?” 
“That’s right, Mommy. I thought I saw her being executed.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
I can’t believe they know about execution. 
Sasha placed her daughter in her arms and said, “Yes, she has been executed. Just wait and see. The person behind all of these will soon show themselves.”
Hearing that, Matteo’s eyes brightened up! 
“Mommy, so you knew she has a backer.” 
“Of course! Do you really think Mommy is a fool?” 
“Eh…” 
When the three kiddos saw their mommy’s face changed, they laughed out awkwardly. 
In truth, Sasha did know that there was a mastermind behind Kira. After she got back, she contacted Sabrina. Initially, Sabrina was unwilling to share certain information with her. After finding out what had taken place that day, Sabrina finally told Sasha everything that Kira had done to her at Oceanic Estate. 
After their conversation, Sasha was very certain that the culprit was none other than Kira’s aunt, Jasmine. 
True enough, the very next day, Jasmine was taken away by Jonathan’s men. Stephen failed to stop them. Just then, both Devin and Sebastian came back together. 
“What did you say? She instructed somebody to poison the children? How can that be?” 
Devin could not believe his ears. 
Jonathan was unable to restrain his anger. In front of everyone, he blurted, “Why is it not possible? Your mom is a horrible person, and she is capable of such deeds just to secure your position in this family. That’s very predictable of her.” 
Devin’s face instantly turned pale. 
Everything happened so fast that even Sebastian could not put a stop to it.
“Devin…” 
“Fine. I understand. So all this while, Mom and I mean nothing in your eyes. We are never good enough for you. I get that now.” 
A melancholy smile appeared on his face. 
After so many years, that was the first time such a heartbroken look appear on Devin’s face. His usually kind and gentle eyes were filled with ridicule and self-deprecation. 
All that was left was a feeling of deep sorrow and ultimate disappointment. 
Sebastian’s face fell and reached out to grab his arm. 
Devin shirked at his touch like a plague. 
Then, he turned around and left. 
###Chapter 840
Chapter 840
None of them had expected such an outcome, including Jonathan. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, what about-” 
“Get out! All of you!” he shouted angrily. 
In the end, he still hadn’t punished Jasmine. 
Sebastian’s expression was just as ugly. He watched as Devin left, then glared daggers at the old man. If it wasn’t for Mark holding him back, both of them would have argued again. 
Sasha stood there, at a loss. 
She didn’t expect such a thing to happen. The woman didn’t think she did any wrong because she was protecting her children by finding out the real culprits who tried to harm them. 
However, when she saw the man get angry for the first time since he was diagnosed with multiple personality disorder after watching Devin leave, she started to wonder if what she did was right. 
“Are you okay, Mommy?” 
Matteo noticed that she was acting weird, and asked when the rest had left. 
Sasha looked down at her son. After a second, she nodded her head and said, “I’m fine. Go play over there with your sister, okay? I’m going upstairs to check on Daddy.” 
“Okay.”
The boy did as he was told, and brought his siblings outside to play after answering. 
Sasha arrived on the third floor a few minutes later and saw that the door to the bedroom was closed. 
She mustered up her courage before knocking on the door. “Mr. Hayes, are you in there? I brought you something to eat.” 
As she spoke, she took a glance at the bowl of yam porridge in her hands. 
However, there was no answer. 
The door was locked, and it seemed as if there was no one in the room. 
Sasha got even more worried. 
She bit on her lips as she stood before the door, saying, “I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. I was too impulsive regarding this matter. I shouldn’t have notified Old Mr. Jadeson immediately, causing all these to happen. I’m really sorry, Mr. Hayes. I should have told you first and let you handle it.” 
The woman started to apologize. 
She hoped that he wouldn’t lock himself in the room like this because seeing him like this made her worried. 
Only silence ensued after she was done speaking. 
Sasha’s last shred of hope vanished into thin air. 
It seems like he really is angry. 
Dejected, she turned to leave. 
“This has nothing to do with you. You should head down and take care of the children.”
Suddenly, the man’s familiar voice sounded from the room. 
Though he sounded like he was in a bad mood, Sasha clearly heard him. 
Doesn’t he blame me for what happened? 
Instantly, she felt as though a stone was lifted from her heart, and was feeling much better. 
“Alright. I’ll head down right away. Then… I’ll leave the bowl of yam porridge right here.” 
Sasha was overjoyed. She instantly promised to take care of the children and left the bowl outside his door. 
I can’t believe he’s not angry at me for what happened! 
All the worries she felt earlier had vanished. 
The truth was, she couldn’t really be blamed for what had happened. 
After all, the children would have been in great danger if she hadn’t been alert. 
So what was she guilty of? 
It was as though Sebastian’s body was shrouded in iciness as he stayed in the room. He stared at his phone’s screen and was watching the CCTV footage someone had sent him. 
“This is the CCTV footage you wanted, Mr. Hayes. Please feel free to contact me if there are further requests.” 
After sending the video and a respectful message, the person went offline. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian stayed motionless as he continued studying the video on his phone.
Devin headed to Heron Hill immediately after he left the Oceanic Estate. Upon arriving, he saw his mother being locked away in the storage shed next to the wooden house. 
It was rather contemptuous. 
Originally, when Jonathan lived here, all the Jadesons were proud to be able to live with him. 
This included Jasmine. 
But she never expected that she would be a criminal who would be punished anytime when she was finally allowed to live here. 
“Devin! I’m here! You’re finally here!” 
Being locked in the storage shed, Jasmine cried the moment she saw Devin as if he was her last lifeline. 
The man walked over. 
His face was still pale, and he hadn’t been at ease since walking out of the Oceanic Estate. 
Devin’s eyes widened and his knuckles turned white when he saw his mother crying in the dirty and cramped shed. 
“Why did you do that? Are the conditions at home not enough to satisfy you now?” 
He couldn’t stop himself and finally questioned her. 
That took Jasmine by surprise. 
He’s my son. Isn’t he here to save me? Why is he questioning me like that? 
###Chapter 841
Chapter 841
Jasmine started to get emotional. “No! It wasn’t me! I didn’t do it!” 
“You didn’t? Then who did it? Kira already confessed. Are you saying that she’s trying to frame you?” 
“Yes. That b****! She’s trying to frame me. I’ll kill her when I get the chance. That a**hole! I raised her all in vain these years.” 
Upon hearing Kira’s name, not only did she not reflect upon her actions, but she started to curse at her niece. 
Having heard that, Devin’s last shred of hope vanished into thin air. 
He knew his mother very well. 
She had lots of utilitarian ideas, and valued power. How could someone like her not commit any crimes? He just kept silent about it in the past. 
Not only that, his cousin Kira had been with Jasmine all these years, helping her with so many things. Who in the right mind would believe her when she denied it? 
Devin’s face instantly darkened, and the temperature around him seemed to drop. 
“Alright. Never mind not admitting to it. You’re just doing it for my position as the heir of the Jadesons, aren’t you? I already told Grandpa that I don’t want it.” 
“What?” 
The news was a bolt out of the blue for her. Jasmine finally stopped cursing, and her eyes widened.
“Are you crazy? Why did you say no to it? That place belongs to you!” 
“What are you talking about? Do you really think I deserve being the heir of the family when my own mother harmed the people of the family just for her own benefit?” 
Devin’s eyes were full of pure hatred as he glared at his mother. 
It made Jasmine’s heart sink with a thud. 
No. These aren’t my son’s eyes. 
Indeed, I don’t want the children to be healthy. But I didn’t harm them. I didn’t do it. So why isn’t my son worthy of being the heir? 
The woman started to panic and blurted, “No, listen to me. I… I did indeed tell Kira to bring them to Warlock Church. But I didn’t poison them.” 
“You didn’t?” 
“Yes, I didn’t. I just… When I saw your Grandpa treating them so well when he doesn’t even bat an eye at you when you were younger, I was just so upset. That’s why I told Kira to bring them to Warlock Temple. There are lots of tombs there. They’re still young… M-Maybe they might be affected by the negative energy there. Devin… I-I really haven’t thought of poisoning them. I was just too upset that your Grandpa was babying them so much. Even if I wanted to do it, I didn’t have the guts.” 
Jasmine finally told him everything. As she finished her sentence, tears streamed down her face and she started to sob. 
Devin was so angered by what he heard that he nearly fainted from it. 
He was too embarrassed to even call her his mother.
She really is the world’s dumbest woman. 
However, it was the only reason he could refute Jonathan’s words and tell him that she didn’t do it back at the Oceanic Estate. 
He shut his eyes in anger. 
Jasmine then grabbed hold of the bars of the window to look at Devin, her vision blurred by her tears. At that moment, she was feeling both indignant and nervous. 
But things did not turn out her way. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll tell Grandpa to let you out.” 
“Really?” 
“Yes. But from now on, you have to follow me to Moranta. Dad too. We’ll all live there and never return here anymore,” Devin told her indifferently. 
Jasmine was stunned. 
We’re going to live overseas? 
What does he mean? Why should we live overseas? We’re the Jadesons! 
The woman had a bad feeling about it. 
“No. I don’t want to go overseas. I want to stay here. I was wrong, Devin. I won’t stir up trouble again. Let’s not leave, okay?” 
Jasmine finally realized how serious of a mistake she had made and was starting to regret her decisions. She started to beg and hoped that her son would agree with her.
But that was impossible. 
Over the past year, he had been living in the abyss of the crimes he committed. The reason why he held on for so long was entirely for the sake of atonement. 
However, after Jonathan had accidentally yelled what he actually thought of him, his attachment to power seemed to be severed. 
With that, Devin left Heron Hill. 
Two days later, Jonathan received news that his oldest grandson had applied for a transfer order from the army to join the International Anti-Terrorist Group for the next ten years. 
Ten years? 
Is he crazy? 
The old man smashed his phone in anger the moment he heard the news. 
But that wasn’t the last of it. A few moments later, news came from the Red Pavilion saying that they were laying off the housemaids and were moving the furniture out of the place. 
“What is Mr. Jadeson doing? Why is he doing this?” Mark couldn’t help but gasp at this. 
Jonathan wasn’t an exception. 
He left furiously after that. 
When Sasha heard of the news, her expression changed in an instant, and she quickly ran up to the third floor. 
“Bad news, Mr. Hayes! I heard that something has happened to Mr. Devin.”
###Chapter 842
Chapter 842
“What happened?” 
Sebastian hadn’t been up to much over the past few days and had stayed upstairs most of the time. 
Upon hearing Sasha’s words, his eyes narrowed and they shifted away from the notebook on his table. 
“I didn’t hear it very clearly, but I think Mr. Devin requested a transfer order or something. And I think they’re moving?” 
She wasn’t too sure because she had been standing some distance away, and couldn’t hear quite clearly. 
Sebastian’s eyes darkened at that. 
His lips then pursed into a thin line. 
He kept silent for two days, and I thought that someone as broad-minded and tolerant as him would just forget about it. So it seems like he had a big plan in mind after all. 
His expression turned grim at the thought of it. 
“Mr. Hayes?” Sasha called. 
“Okay. You may leave now.” 
In a blink of an eye, the man went back to being emotionless. Then, he started to type away on his keyboard.
His response left Sasha at a loss for words. 
No way. Does he not care about this? 
He was so emotional when Devin left the other day. Things might have calmed down a little after two days, but isn’t he going to do anything now that something has happened? 
The woman was confused. She waited for a few more seconds. However, seeing that he wasn’t going to move, she sighed. 
Whatever. I should go look for Devin. 
Sasha didn’t want him to leave. Even though she wasn’t able to completely let go and forget about the incident, she still hoped that he would be okay. 
After all, after Calvin died, Devin and Karl were the only ones left beside them. 
Soon, Sasha left the Oceanic Estate as well. 
Jonathan headed for the military base immediately after he left. 
He had no other choice but to do so. If he wanted to stop Devin from trying anything, the only thing he could do was prevent his request to transfer from going through. 
Yet unexpectedly, someone from the base came looking for him when he arrived. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, does Devin have hemophobia?” 
“What?” 
Jonathan was dumbfounded at the sudden question. 
Hemophobia?
Yes! My grandson has it! 
He didn’t know about it back then. It was when he sent Devin to the military base. During the latter’s first time on the battlefield, he fainted instantly after seeing his enemy dying in front of him. 
Jonathan was so livid that he was on the verge of bursting a blood vessel. 
After that, Devin put in so much effort just to overcome this mental obstacle. 
Even so, didn’t I order someone to erase any information about this secretly? Why is this problem popping up so suddenly now? 
Jonathan was shocked. 
“It seems like he does based on your expression. If so, your grandson isn’t suitable for the transfer, Old Mr. Jadeson. I’m sure you know that the International Anti-Terrorist Group is always on the front lines of war. The blood that they see won’t be just a little.” 
For a short moment, Jonathan stood there and nodded. He couldn’t get words out of his mouth. 
That’s great! 
After he left the base, he went to Red Pavilion. 
Everything seemed normal there, but there was indeed an absence of the housemaids. The furniture was also being moved out. Stephen was still around, looking like he was on the brink of tears. 
“You’re finally here, Dad. I don’t know what’s wrong with Devin. He suddenly said that he wanted to bring Jasmine and I to Moranta, and wouldn’t listen no matter what we said. What are we supposed to do now?” 
“Go, then. What do you mean ‘what are we supposed to do?’ He’s all grown up now. Isn’t that great?”
After receiving the news at the military base earlier, Jonathan seemed to be in better spirits, but he was still speaking angrily. 
Stephen was even more anxious after hearing what the former said. 
A few minutes later, whatever furniture that had been moved out was brought back, and Jasmine and Stephen’s plane tickets were refunded. Moreover, to be on the safe side, Jonathan contacted the airline company to let them know that both of them were restricted from leaving the country for a year. 
Stephen kept silent. 
Seeing that everything was settled, Jonathan finally headed back to the Oceanic Estate. 
Right before he left, he reminded his son, “Tell that b*stard to come to find me.” 
With that, he left grouchily. 
The old man had been in an irritable mood recently. Not only was there an unfilial son, who would wreak havoc at home, but there was also a normally obedient grandson causing trouble now. 
How can I possibly be in a good mood? 
He was still furious when he arrived at the estate. 
“Daddy, did you make a wrong step here? From what I saw earlier, it shouldn’t be here.” 
“Yes. I saw it too.” 
Surprisingly, when he stepped into the living room, he saw three children surrounding a young man by the couch. They were all engrossed in their game of chess. 
Jonathan was so stunned at the sight of them that he stopped in his tracks.
It was something he had never seen before. 
Ever since he brought them back to the estate, he was sure that two of them were Sebastian’s children, because they looked so much like him. 
However, Sebastian didn’t remember them due to his multiple personality disorder. 
That was why even though they were under the same roof, they rarely interacted with their father. At least, Jonathan had never seen them hang out with each other. 
###Chapter 843
Chapter 843
Though he began to display a fatherly presence again by showing concern for them and having them well taken care of, it was still rare for him to spend time with them like he did at the moment. 
“No, you can’t undo the move you’ve made. Basic chess rules.” 
Though Sebastian spoke mildly, his stance did not waver in the face of the children’s pleas. 
Matteo and Vivian were rendered speechless as they were unaccustomed to their father’s firmness. Only Ian frowned thoughtfully for a moment before reaching out tentatively and moving one of his black pieces. 
The next instant, Sebastian’s white piece dashed across the board to seal the fate of black’s defeat. 
The triplets sighed, crushed by the merciless blow. 
What are we supposed to do? Daddy isn’t the same as how he was before. He is not going to let us win. 
To the children’s surprise, Sebastian scooped Vivian up who was closest to him as he stood up. 
“All right, let’s get out for some fresh air. Would you like to fly a kite today, children?” 
“Yes please, Daddy! I would love to!” 
“Yes!” 
“I want to blow bubbles, Uncle Sebastian. I want to blow big ones.”
In the span of several seconds, the trauma of defeat was washed off their faces at the prospect of another activity with their father. 
Jonathan watched Sebastian leading the children out and found his eyes moist for no apparent reason. 
In fact, his anger mysteriously dissipated as well. 
Jonathan headed for the study. 
After half an hour, Devin called. “Did you tell them that I had hemophobia?” he demanded over the phone instead of coming to Oceanic Estate. 
“What do you think?” Jonathan retorted, neither confirming nor denying it. 
Incensed by that provocative answer, Devin felt the pressure of his suppressed emotions throughout the entire day erupting. 
“What do I think? What exactly do you mean? Why did you prevent me from joining the International Anti-Terrorist Group? Isn’t my absence a good thing for you?” 
“A good thing?” Jonathan repeated. The rage he had suppressed mere moments before reared its head again. “Why would you think that it’s a good thing for me? Tell me!” 
Devin was about to retort but at the last minute swallowed his pride and bit his tongue, prompted by the strict upbringing he had. 
Because the successor you have in mind for the Jadesons is not me. Because I am never good enough for you and your standards. 
“This will be the last time we’re discussing this. Just know that this is my decision and also what I’ve planned for my own future. If you try and stop me, I will just volunteer myself as a civilian instead of a military man.”
At that final threat, Devin hung up. 
Jonathan almost smashed the phone in his anger. 
This good for nothing brat! 
At that moment, Tony the butler appeared with a cup of tea and sighed at his master’s fury. 
“Mr. Jadeson.” Tony cleared his throat. “If I may, I think that you have been a little too harsh on Mr. Devin. If you’ve said what you said to somebody less tolerant, it would have been a blow.” 
“Can’t you see how angry the boy makes me?” Jonathan grumbled, though his scowl diminished while his rage disappeared almost entirely. 
“Yes, and you have a right to be,” Tony continued patiently. “But you have no idea how hurtful your words are to so many people. Though Ms. Jasmine had done wrong, she is still Mr. Devin’s mother. How could he tolerate such awful things you said about her?” 
Jonathan was unable to retort. 
“Besides, Mr. Jadeson,” Tony pressed on. “Ever since Mr. Sebastian was found, you have been neglecting Mr. Devin. Even in your speech you frequently express your displeasure toward him. Have you not noticed?” 
How brazen for Tony to speak up against me like that! 
Jonathan froze, his temper about to act up and deny all the allegations made about him. 
Upon second thought, he found that he was unable to refute Tony. Discontent, he sat where he was and fumed.
It is true. I have been taking it out on the brat of late. 
At that moment, Sasha was waiting for Devin at Red Pavilion. 
As she had not contacted him prior, she did not know where he was. Being unable to do much else, she showed up at his house. 
Fortunately, he had yet to depart. She spotted him as he emerged. 
“Mr. Devin, you’re finally back.” 
When she caught sight of his car, Sasha waved as she heaved a sigh of relief. It had been a long wait outside of his villa. 
Devin stared at her in annoyance as he was not in the mood for socializing in the wake of his argument with Jonathan. 
However, he still descended the vehicle at the sight of her. 
“Why are you here? Is there anything urgent?” 
“Yes. I would like to discuss the incident that I caused, Mr. Devin. I behaved rashly as I was searching for the true culprit of the children’s poisoning, but it did not occur to me that it would cause you so much trouble. Mr. Devin, I-” 
###Chapter 844
Chapter 844
Sasha was thinking of apologizing to appease him enough to stay. 
Before she could finish, Devin interjected. “I want to ask you something. If something were to happen to your child that day, what would you do?” 
“What?” 
“I know that it wasn’t my mother’s doing. But the fact remains that your children were still poisoned. After that, you have nursed the children back to health fairly quickly. Forgive me for being presumptuous, but I can’t help suspecting that you’ve concocted that story to set my mother up.” 
Sasha was stunned, not expecting him to have turned it around against her. 
She stared at him with wide unblinking eyes, wondering if she had misheard him. 
“What are you saying? What story?” 
“Do you not understand? I sympathize with what you did, I really do. Charles and his family are gone. Connor is no longer here as well. The only person left to have caused your family to be broken up is me. Isn’t dealing with me the next logical step for you?” 
As he spoke, he reached a hand out toward her face. 
Before Sasha could react, she felt two fingers beneath her chin preceding a forceful tug and a sudden chill. Her mask was peeled off so quickly that it took her completely by surprise. 
“You-”
Her mind a blank, she stood glaring at him wordlessly. 
Devin too was momentarily stunned, not expecting to actually peel off her face. 
Another possible reason for his reaction was that it was the first time he was gazing upon the true face of the woman whose death he had almost caused. 
After ten or so seconds, Sasha regained her composure. 
She snatched back her face from his hand, stumbling backward as she did so. 
“So you knew it was me. Very well, Devin! Under these circumstances, you could still think of me that way. Sebastian is very lucky to call you his brother.” 
Suppressing the torrent of emotions within her, she laughed jeeringly in an attempt to hide how she truly felt. 
Devin turned pale. “I-I didn’t do it on purpose.” 
“That’s fine,” Sasha said unexpectedly. “It’s better this way for us to speak frankly with one another.” 
Devin felt slightly assured. “Okay. What would you like to talk about?” 
“I think I should be asking you that question. What did you mean by what you said earlier? Why did you think I was luring your mother out? Do you think of me as an enemy?” 
“Aren’t you?” demanded Devin, his gaze darkening like never before. 
Sasha was speechless with indignation. How could he say such a thing? 
Upon further reflection, she could not blame him for thinking this way. Since the bloodline of Jared was extinct, his would be next in line.
Sasha clenched her fists. 
“No, I am not thinking of avenging myself just yet.” 
His eyes brightened up considerably like an extinguished ember regaining an optimistic glow. 
“It doesn’t matter to me whether you choose to believe it or not. As I’ve said, I do not have the intention to avenge myself just yet. Aside from still recovering from having all the bones in my body broken, my face is still in ruins. The reason why I wear a face mask is so that my face could heal. Other than that, I could spare no energy thinking about anything else.” 
She did mean every word. Being a patient recuperating from severe injuries, she could not handle too much at the moment. Vengeance was something that would cost too much energy than she was physically able to spend. 
Therefore, the most important thing to her at that juncture was that she could nurse Sebastian back to health. 
With his greatest worry neutralized, Devin brightened up considerably. 
To the couple, he was the villain. 
When Devin had noticed that Jonathan changed his mind about Sebastian, he opted to back out and save himself the pain and embarrassment of competing with him. 
To his immense relief, Sasha was confirming that she had no intention of avenging herself against him. 
Devin suddenly felt that he found a glimmer of hope. 
“I know now.” 
“What do you know?”
“While we’re on the subject, my mother really wasn’t the one to have poisoned the children. Your denial about your own involvement makes me certain that there are other things going on behind our backs. I will get to the bottom of this.” 
Frowning suddenly, his expression grew serious at the mention of that. 
Sasha’s face paled at the conviction of his testimony. 
Was it really not the doing of his mother? Whose, then? 
At the recollection of that horrifying incident, Sasha felt a cold creeping down her spine. Her limbs grew cold at the forceful reminder of the fear she felt that day. 
Meanwhile, in the room of the hut, the man in the white shirt had been writing for a very long time. So long, in fact, that the other man outside felt his calves numbing from kneeling for that duration. 
“Have you found out the truth? Was it that little sh*t who have caused the death of Hubert and the rest?” 
“That’s right, but we have no evidence. After he had made a scene at the military base, he boarded a helicopter and headed for Norland in front of everybody. We were unable to apprehend him because that was his alibi.” 
The man who had been writing snorted coldly. 
“He had planned for that in advance. Hubert was a fool to have provoked that mad dog out of all the other people. I’d heard that he had not only placed something in his brain. He mutilated him as well?” 
“Y-Yes, he did,” the man kneeling outside chimed in without thinking, his mind’s eye suddenly filled with the grotesque scene he had witnessed. 
The man inside the hut grew interested. “Then how did he die? I’m curious to find out how would the madman avenge his lackey.”
“H-He lost his p-parts down there,” the other man stammered. “His organs had been pulverized as well. When they found him, all of his insides had turned to mush. They suspect that he was pumped full of corrosive liquid.” 
The man who had been writing failed to suppress a shudder. 
A madman indeed! 
###Chapter 845
Chapter 845
For a while the man busied himself once more with his writing, not intending to resume the conversation. 
After a final flourish of his pen, he placed it down and glanced through his masterpiece in admiration before pouring himself a cup of tea. “How is it going over at Oceanic Estate and Red Pavilion? Is the plan successful?” 
“Yes, it is.” The man who was kneeling on one knee outside the hut gazed up optimistically. 
“Jasmine is not released yet. I’ve heard that Devin had volunteered as a member of the International Anti-Terrorist Group. Red Pavilion had dismissed their housemaid as well. That should be the first time he is rebelling against Jonathan.” 
“Mmm, not bad.” The man inside the hut appeared satisfied with the outcome. 
Devin was deemed by many to be a capable member of the Jadeson family. Since Jonathan’s retirement, no one in the Jadeson family had managed to live up to Devin’s potential. 
Even Charles who was capable enough did not have the charisma and brains of Devin. 
That was why it was an imperative part of their plan to draw him away from his family. Devin’s absence would undoubtedly crumble the Jadesons’ power by at least half. The next stage of subduing the madman and Jonathan would be much easier. 
He took a sip of tea before picking up his pen again. 
It is worth it to exchange three useless lives for the demise of the Jadesons.
When Sasha returned to the Oceanic Estate, Jonathan had already gone out again. 
The Jadeson residence did not seem as peaceful as it had been in the past. It was as if the tension after Devin’s actions was palpable in the air, shared even by the servants. 
Sasha did not let on any clue that she was aware of what was going on. Instead, she headed straight for the garden to her children. 
“Mommy, are you back?” 
The triplets who were enjoying themselves in the garden ran over and surrounded their mother joyfully. 
Sasha smiled and knelt before them. “What are you bunch doing? Look at you, all sweaty and sticky!” 
To her surprise, she discovered that they were sweaty. In fact, her daughter’s pigtails were drenched. 
“We’re flying kites today, Mommy,” Vivian replied happily. “Daddy took us out to fly kites.” 
“Is that so?” Sasha exclaimed as she gazed affectionately at Vivian. 
Matteo hugged his mother. “Of course it’s true, Mommy. Daddy played chess with me and Ian today, too. We felt bored that you weren’t here earlier, so we went to look for him instead. He’d actually agreed to spend time with us.” 
Ian said nothing, though his usually reserved expression betrayed a hint of happiness. 
Sasha felt her nose twinge. She reached out to pull all three into her arms. 
It is a difficult change, yet it happened. 
Though Sebastian had accepted them as his own children, he had lost all memories of fatherhood with them. As a result, Sebastian interacted with them as though he was learning how to be a father for the
first time. 
Up until recently, the children have been devastated to have been treated with such coldness by their father. 
It’s much better now that he is willing to spend time with them. 
Sasha held them as tears of gratitude ran down her face, unaware that at that moment Jonathan had returned to the mansion. He led a group of people behind him as they crossed the hallway. 
“Mr. Jadeson, Dr. West is…” 
On their way through the garden, Tony paused to stare at Sasha embracing the three children. 
Jonathan did not notice as his mind was still buzzing with his interaction with Devin. 
When Jonathan sought him out earlier, he was expecting the former to start another violent quarrel with him. 
Unexpectedly, Devin admitted to his mistakes the moment he saw Jonathan and guaranteed that he would remain at the Jadeson residence. 
It is a transformation filled with suspicious motives, to say the least. 
Jonathan started and turned to Tony. “What did you just say?” 
“Look over there.” Tony pointed at Sasha and her three children sharing a warm embrace. 
It was only then that Jonathan finally noticed them. 
The sight did nothing to relax his furrowed brows. In fact, his gaze became darker.
“Why are the two children so intimate with her? I am their great-grandfather and they don’t even hug me like that. How does an outsider like her do it?” 
His outburst conveyed his displeasure plainly. 
Tony too felt mystified. He had seen the two children being close to her and seemed to appear very happy every time they saw her. 
Looking at Sasha’s smile in her children’s embrace, he couldn’t help but feel jealous. 
“Mr. Jadeson, do you think that there’s something strange going on with that doctor?” 
“What is strange about her?” 
“Haven’t you noticed? She seems extra attentive to the boys. In regards to the poisoning incident, she did put in the groundwork, but how could she have known that Kira would take them out and cause them harm?” 
Jonathan became rooted to the spot, a new suspicion forming in his mind. 
He gazed over at Sasha with a dangerous glint in his eye. 
“Find out about her movements over the past couple of days,” he ordered. “Confirm her identity. When Grayson sent her over the first time, he had vouched for her. We should have conducted a background check on her. Send someone to find out everything there is to know about her.” 
###Chapter 846
Chapter 846
“Yes, Mr. Jadeson,” Tony answered at once. 
Jonathan departed, leaving behind him a dangerous intent so palpable that Tony felt anxious just being in its vicinity. 
Woe be to him, or her, who touches my great-grandchildren without my consent! 
Sasha did not notice that a careless gesture on her part had roused suspicion in the other occupants of the Jadeson residence. 
Later that night, she bathed her children and dressed them before heading to the third floor. 
“Mr. Hayes, dinner has been prepared,” she said gently. “Would you like to have some?” 
She entered from the door and found it illuminated only by a bedside lamp. The light revealed the silhouette of a figure bent over the drawers rummaging for something. 
He is still unwilling to go downstairs. 
Though his legs had regained their full capacity a long time ago, he still preferred to remain upstairs. 
Sebastian was either kept occupied by his laptop or his books. Sometimes, he would jot things down in his notebook when the mood suited him. If she did not know him to be a business mogul before his accident, Sasha would have suspected that the man before her was autistic. 
Sebastian still did not reply despite repeated prompting, hence Sasha walked over to him.
“What are you looking for? Do you want to get dressed?” She caught sight of a large variety of men’s clothing in the opened drawers. 
Sebastian was frowning. 
“Get rid of everything!” he burst out, the contempt he had been suppressing pouring forth. 
“Eh?” exclaimed Sasha in surprise. 
Get rid of everything? What does he mean? Does he want to get rid of all the clothing in the drawers? 
Sasha thought that she misheard him. 
However, his meaning became clear upon a closer look into the content of the drawers. 
How would he like these? 
The wardrobe looked as if it was carelessly arranged for the sake of levity. It contained a selection of clothing ranging from bright T-shirts worn by teenagers to old-fashioned suits that were only appropriate for formal events. 
The worst part of that was that the interior of the wardrobe was colorful, starkly different from what Sebastian used to wear. 
Sasha took everything out and dumped it onto the couch without another word. 
“Don’t worry, I will clear this out for you. Why don’t you go take a shower while I’m at it? When you get out, I will have something suitable ready for you. How does that sound?” She spoke gently in an attempt to soothe his frustration. 
Sebastian glared at her.
What a strange feeling. How would she know what I like when I am not acquainted with her? He did not even mention the type of clothing he preferred. 
Sebastian proceeded to the bathroom after gazing at her doubtfully for a moment, more from the discomfort of his perspiration than anything else. 
After twenty minutes, he emerged with a towel around his waist and found the bedroom to be tidied up and a set of light gray casual wear neatly laid out on the couch. 
However, Sasha was still working on the outfit. At that moment, she was sewing something on the collar. 
“What are you doing?” Sebastian asked. 
“Eh?” Sasha was startled out of her focus. She turned away from her work under the light. “You’re done? This will be ready in a jiffy…” 
Before she could finish, she noticed that he was wrapped in only a towel. Momentarily dumbstruck, her eyes wandered all over his body from which water droplets still flowed. 
What a muscular frame. 
Though his firm muscles have gone soft due to his repeated injuries, it did nothing to affect his perfect symmetry. The beads of water on his skin made her subconsciously gulp with desire. 
“Are you done looking?” 
“Eh?” Sasha started violently at his annoyed remark. 
Upon realizing what she had done, Sasha felt a blush spreading from the back of her ears over her entire face. She retracted her gaze and was so nervous that she almost prickled herself with the needle.
It’s not like I haven’t seen him naked. Why do I need to become such a bumbling idiot just because he doesn’t have a shirt on? 
Sasha tried hard to calm her thumping heart. 
“Mr. Hayes, here are some clothes that I think might fit you,” she stammered as she showed him the shirt that she was nearly done mending, worried that he may not like it. “It’s late now to go out and buy you a new set. I chose this set for you to wear around the house. Don’t worry, I’ve adjusted the collar to your liking.” 
It wasn’t a large alternation; Sasha just changed the adapted round collar into a looser and more comfortable V-neck collar. 
Sebastian was fond of dressing in dark colors with a priority on comfort. In fact, that was all he wore back then. Sasha tried to make the shirt she was working on as close to his favorite ones as she could. 
If the collar was not altered to his liking, he may not even want it in his wardrobe. 
After she was done, Sasha handed him the shirt. 
Sebastian frowned but for some reason did not reject the clumsily put together shirt. 
Sebastian got dressed quickly. Even with the ugly shirt draped over his perfect frame, the sight of him emerging from the bedroom took Sasha’s breath away. 
###Chapter 847
Chapter 847
Despite being languid in his movements, every stride he took exuded elegance. 
No matter where he goes, his charm always remains at the forefront of attention 
That night when the two of them went downstairs for dinner, Jonathan’s eyes followed Sebastian’s attire until he took his seat at the dining table. 
“Mr. Jadeson, Mr. Hayes does not seem to like his own clothes. I’m thinking of changing his wardrobe for him tomorrow.” 
Sasha thought that it would be better to disclose her intention from the start as she was uncomfortable with the way Jonathan was staring. 
At that, he turned his gaze toward her. 
“He doesn’t? He did not have any complaints about them before.” 
“He did not go out much back then as he was always sick,” Sasha explained patiently. “If he wasn’t in his hospital gown, he would be in his pajamas. As for the other clothes, he’d never even touched them.” 
She could not tell Jonathan that Sebastian was beginning to be picky because he was recovering. 
The professor from Jetroina had mentioned that when his master was progressively recovering, memories from before the accident came flooding back. It included daily habits and preferences. 
Naturally, Sebastian becoming increasingly picky with his wardrobe was a sign of recovery. 
Sasha gazed at Jonathan expectantly as she awaited his permission.
Fortunately, Jonathan seemed to have accepted her explanation. “Noted. We’ll talk about it tomorrow.” 
“As you wish.” Sasha was elated. She grabbed a bowl to serve Sebastian some soup. 
When she brought the soup over to him, she became suddenly aware of his intense gaze. Horrified, she did not know when he had started staring at her. At that moment, all of the times she spent surreptitiously indulging in his presence felt clumsily lewd and careless. 
“Mr. Hayes, have some soup,” Sasha mumbled as she deposited the bowl, hurriedly retracting her gaze. 
I am becoming increasingly careless. I must watch my emotions at a place like this. 
With the errand of replacing Sebastian’s wardrobe in mind, Sasha awoke extra early the following day. 
“Vivi, entertain yourself with your brothers today. I am going out to buy Daddy some new clothes.” 
“Okay, Mommy. Will you buy me something too?” 
The little girl crawled out of bed and put on a skirt as she turned to face her mother solemnly with large watery eyes. 
“You want some new clothes too?” Sasha was surprised. 
Vivian shook her head. “No. I want a hair clip so I can put this little pearl on it. Brother Cal told me that this hair clip looks good on me. I’d like to keep it on all the time.” 
As she spoke, she pulled out a pink pearl from her little bag. 
Sasha was taken aback for several seconds as she stared at the pearl clutched in her daughter’s tiny hand.
She was so overwhelmed that she felt a lump in her throat. Her daughter’s obsession regarding the matter was exceeding her expectations. 
She always thought that a trivial matter like that should have been long forgotten by a young child of six. 
However, she did not expect her daughter to hold on to that in mind after so long, and with such an obsessive intensity. 
At last, Shasha took from her daughter’s tiny palm the pearl offered. “Okay, Mommy will buy you a very pretty hair clip and attach this on top of it. Does that sound good?” 
“Yes it does, Mommy,” the little girl answered, mollified. 
After saying her goodbyes to the children, Sasha was about to head up to the third floor when all of a sudden the old butler of Oceanic Estate came walking toward her. 
“Dr. West, old Mr. Jadeson is looking for you. Please come with me.” 
“All right.” Without being given a choice in the matter, Sasha could only stop and follow Tony. 
She was kept waiting for about ten minutes on the picturesque observation tower, watching the old man with a head of white hair who was undergoing his daily ritual of stretching as he faced the ocean where the sun was rising over the horizon. 
Though he looked to be about eighty, he was still full of the vigor of a far younger man than he actually was. Every stance he held was crisp and graceful. 
Sasha did not want to interrupt so she stood quietly in the shadows and watched him. 
After about half an hour, her tea was ready. At the same time, the old man completed his routine and came toward her while he mopped his brow.
“Old Mr. Jadeson, I am impressed with your physical health for a man your age. I can see why they revered you in the military.” 
Sasha poured him a cup as soon as he sat down. 
Jonathan said nothing in response. 
He finished his tea and rested for a long while before raising his head to look at her. 
“Dr. West, how long has it been since you were with us?” 
“Eh? Old. Mr. Jadeson, are you asking me how long it’s been since I’ve been coming to Oceanic Estate?” 
“Yes.” Jonathan nodded expressionlessly as he took another sip. 
Sasha did not know what he meant. She stood deep in thought as both of them lapsed into silence. 
“If you discount the time I spent in Jetroina recuperating, it would be about three or four months. Why do you ask, Mr. Jadeson?” 
“No particular reason. I just want to ask you, since it’s been so long, why hasn’t his condition improved? If you have no capabilities to make a change, I am seriously considering replacing you.” 
###Chapter 848
Chapter 848
“What did you say?” Sasha demanded, thunderstruck. She was not prepared at all for her dismissal. 
He wants to get rid of me? 
No, I won’t go! At this point, even the children are here. How could I leave? 
Sasha began to panic. “No, Mr. Jadeson. Listen to me. Mr. Hayes’s illness is not of an ordinary nature. The matter can’t be rushed, he-” 
“I’ve given you four months, and now you’re telling me this? Dr. West, if it were not for your teacher Grayson, I would have gotten rid of you long ago!” 
At the last sentence, the old man’s tone grew hard. 
Sasha grew pale instantly, not knowing how to refute him. 
Sebastian was just beginning to recover. However, she could not tell Jonathan that. Before her foes made their intentions clear, she was not going to risk the consequences if they found out what she had told him. 
Perhaps he might even be happy to accept it. 
It was possible for Sebastian to feel greater hatred toward Jonathan once he regained his memory. At the end of the day, all of the resentment was traced back to Shin. 
If by that point he was still unable to accept that reality, the old man may even resort to keeping his memories impaired forever.
Nobody knew for certain, and Sasha was not about to wager on that chance. 
“No, Mr. Jadeson. Listen to me. Even if Dr. Wallen is here, it will be the same under his care. Mr. Hayes’s treatment cannot be rushed.” 
“That was why I didn’t even bother calling him,” Jonathan countered dismissively. 
“What?” Sasha turned pale again. 
Even Grayson is not usable anymore? 
“Enough. Despite not doing anything for the past four months, I won’t even shortchange you on your fees. Pack your bags and leave this place within an hour with your child.” 
At that he placed the cup forcefully down on the table before departing, leaving Sasha alone in her stunned reverie. 
She stood staring at Jonathan’s departing figure and swayed on the spot, feeling suddenly cold all over. 
Why so sudden? Didn’t he promise to allow me to shop for Sebastian’s new wardrobe last night? 
Yes, Sebastian! 
Clutching at the straws of her final hope, she ran toward the mansion and dashed upstairs to the third floor. 
Just as Sasha came out of the observation tower, Tony the butler was already standing by the door in wait. 
“Dr. West, where are you going? I have already packed your luggage for you. I suggest you leave immediately.” The butler signaled for the servants to toss the packed bags to Sasha.
She was beginning to sense that something had gone awry. But at that moment, she was unable to do anything about it. 
“All right, then. I will collect my daughter and leave.” 
“No need. We have taken the liberty to place her in the car outside. You are all that remains.” 
They had even put Vivi in the car? 
Her suspicions confirmed, Sasha pursed her pale lips and stared at the butler. 
“Do you have to go to that extreme? I pose absolutely no threat to you, why are you in such a rush to get rid of me? Tony, I am here for Mr. Hayes. Contrary to what you might believe, I’m not a housemaid to the Jadesons. Don’t you think you have crossed a line by behaving like that?” 
The butler gave a guilty smile as he stood his ground. 
“Dr. West, you are indeed only a doctor. Since arriving here, you have had inappropriate thoughts about Mr. Hayes. Therefore, your departure would be best for everyone.” 
“What are you saying? Inappropriate thoughts?” Sasha could not believe what she was hearing. “What inappropriate thoughts?” she demanded. 
The butler gave a cold laugh. “Dr. West, you’re good at acting innocent. Do you need to be reminded of what you did? I’m telling you, though Mr. Hayes is still sick and has two young children, he is still part of the Jadesons. A common woman like you are not worthy of him.” 
After a stunned silence that lasted over a minute, Sasha’s heart was thumping with indignation. 
I can’t think of him that way? What nonsense! He is my husband, why can’t I think of him that way? In fact, I am the only woman who is allowed to!
Sasha was furious and wanted badly to retort but at that moment, she could not bring herself to say those words. 
“Tony, you are mistaken. I did not think of anything I shouldn’t have. You must believe me.” 
“Dr. West, you should just leave and not make things awkward for yourself. Your actions yesterday have been captured by our surveillance. Besides, your information has been gone through by us. You don’t actually have a husband, do you? Where did your children come from, then? What is your motive for trying so hard to approach Mr. Hayes? Do I need to spell it out for you?” 
###Chapter 849
Chapter 849
“Dr. West, I was merely trying not to embarrass you!” Finally, Tony’s patience snapped. 
What is he trying to imply by saying that I don’t have a husband? Isn’t my husband Mr. Hayes? 
After Sasha was driven out of the room, she fumed in rage. Initially, she’d expected things to go smooth- sailing; yet, everything turned out to be a massive disaster. 
What should I do now? Am I really going to leave like this? 
Sasha looked to the side and saw her teary-eyed daughter. Determinedly, she pulled out her phone and sent a WhatsApp message. 
Macy texted: Mr. Hayes, are you there? Earlier, your Grandpa drove me out. He claims that I’m not curing you. But the truth is the exact opposite. I have been putting all my energy into making sure you recover. Besides, you’ve begun to show signs of improvement too. Can you convince him to let me back in? 
In order to return, Sasha poured her heart out into the message and pled for Sebastian’s help. 
Soon after her WhatsApp message was sent, Sasha received a reply that made her heart sink with despair. 
Sebastian: This has nothing to do with me. 
Macy: Mr. Hayes?
Sasha could not believe her eyes. How can he be so cruel? I thought that our relationship was improving since we got along so well. He even flew all the way to Jetroina to bring me back. I can’t believe that he sent me such a heartless message. 
Immediately, Sasha’s eyes reddened with sorrow. 
Earlier at the Oceanic Estate, Sasha hadn’t been particularly affected despite the butler’s harsh and cruel insults. 
On the other hand, Sebastian’s cold reply made her upset immediately. 
Macy: Mr. Hayes, I am your family doctor. How is this unrelated to you? You have the authority to decide whether I stay or leave. 
Once again, Sasha humbled herself in an attempt to receive Sebastian’s help. 
But this time, she did not receive a reply to her message. 
It was as if she was talking to him in real life. Whenever he didn’t want to listen to her words, he would glance in another direction and ignore her existence. 
After his stony silence, Sasha’s hopes vanished into thin air. 
She rested her head against the steering wheel as tears began to stream down her cheeks. 
Vivian, who caught sight of her Mommy’s tears, felt a sense of frustration. 
Initially, she wanted to contact her brothers for help. But after the siblings started staying together, her brothers stopped giving her any communication devices. How am I supposed to contact them now? Matt, Ian, Mommy is getting bullied again! 
In the midst of her frustrations, Vivian burst into tears too.
Unbeknownst to the mother-daughter duo, Sebastian wasn’t at the Oceanic Estate. Before the sun had even risen, Jonathan had dragged him to the army. 
After Jonathan noticed that Sebastian had recovered, he insisted on bringing Sebastian here to train and strengthen his body. 
“Ouch!” With a pained grunt, Sebastian collided against the ground again. 
In the blink of an eye, Sebastian’s forehead was drenched with sweat. 
“Mark, he’s a total newbie when it comes to this sort of harsh training. Aren’t you being too rough on him? You have to be careful not to push him beyond his limits,” the training instructor called out. 
“It’s fine. Just keep an eye on him. Old Mr. Jadeson said that his body deteriorated after suffering from a severe illness that plagued him twice. This sort of training will be perfect for him to regain his health.” Mark replied nonchalantly. 
At the same time, Mark shot a glance at the man who still had his phone and suitcase in his clutches. 
With that, the training instructor let out a sigh of relief. “Since it’s Old Mr. Jadeson’s request, we should follow it. How long do you plan to keep him here?” 
“Is three months enough?” 
“That’s more than enough!” Old Mr. Jadeson must be planning to keep this man temporarily here. 
Left without another choice, Sasha decided to look for Devin. 
Jadeborough was empty now. After Calvin’s death, Karl and Sabrina brought his body back for a proper burial and never set foot in Jadeborough ever since.
Devin, who’d caught wind of this matter out of the blue, hurried over with a shocked look painted across his face. “Is he insane? He even drove you away?” Devin exclaimed. 
“Don’t blame him. I overstepped my boundaries and failed to control my actions. Right now, my only concern is that there will be no one in the Oceanic Estate to look after him. If I don’t tend to him, any progress made in his recovery will revert to its original state,” Sasha explained her greatest worry to Devin after she gathered her composure. 
Devin himself was deep in thought. How can I help her? The only viable method is to devise a plan to help her reenter Oceanic Estate. 
Yet, Sasha and Devin were unaware that just as they met, the mysterious figure who’d been tracking Devin noticed the duo too. 
The man, who had his gaze fixated intensely on the picture hung on the wall, snapped out of his daze when he heard the report. Earlier, he was fuming over the failure of his second plan. “A family doctor? Who is she?” the man asked curiously. 
“She is Sebastian’s family doctor. She was the one who discovered that the candy shop was contaminated with poison.” The figure crouched outside explained hastily. 
“Are you sure it’s her?” 
“I’m sure.” At the same time, the man outside handed over a picture with trembling fingers. 
Behind the curtain, the man took the picture and glanced at it. When he caught sight of the woman, his gaze narrowed before a wide grin spread across his face. “It turned out to be her,” the man mused. 
The figure outside noticed a change in the man’s tone. Immediately, he looked up and asked hesitantly, “B-boss, you recognize her?”
However, the man did not offer a response. 
After he observed the picture for a little longer, he set it aside. Under the sunlight streaming in from the window, a trace of glee was present in the man’s amber-colored eyes. Of course, I’d recognize her. How could I not? I must have been overworking myself. After all, how could I forget such an important person? 
###Chapter 850
Chapter 850
In the end, Devin could not help Sasha reenter Oceanic Estate. 
After Devin dropped by Oceanic Estate, he discovered that Sebastian had been sent to train in the army for three months. 
“Three months? Has your Grandpa gone mad? Why did he send him off for so long? He’s not even a soldier! Why does he have to endure such a long period of training?” Sasha cried out in outrage when she learned of the news. 
Even Devin struggled to wrap his head around the news. 
But since it was a decision made by his grandpa, he didn’t have the authority to question it. 
“My guess is that he wants Sebastian to train his body. Since Sebastian was ill for such a long time, his body must have been severely weakened. Don’t worry. Sebastian will be safe in the army. No ordinary people will be able to meet him if he’s involved in such personal training,” Devin explained in an attempt to calm Sasha down. 
“Really?” Sasha asked doubtfully. 
“I’m sure.” Devin nodded in response. “I wouldn’t be able to meet him too. Since Sebastian is in the army now, do you have anything scheduled in the future?” 
Sasha pondered over his question. What else do I have left to do? After all, the only reason I came here was for him. Now that the children are here too, I can’t leave this place.
“I’ll pay Dr. Wallen a visit. Hopefully, I can get a job at the hospital. If I return to the Oceanic Estate once Sebastian is back, your Grandpa will be suspicious of me again,” Sasha said once she made up her mind. 
“You are right. We should be mindful of this place.” Devin nodded his head in agreement with Sasha’s words. 
After Devin helped Sasha and Vivian locate a new home, Sasha contacted Grayson and secured a job at Hope Hospital. 
Though both of her sons were at the Oceanic Estate, she wasn’t worried about their well-being because Sasha knew that Jonathan loved them dearly. He wouldn’t involve them in another accident. 
On the other hand, Sasha couldn’t take care of Vivian when she went to work. Initially, she wanted to send Vivian to Avenport, where Sabrina currently resided. There, Vivian would be in safe hands. 
But seeing how reluctant Vivian was to leave her brothers, Sasha felt guilty at the thought of sending Vivian to a place so far away from her brothers. Thus, she asked for Devin’s assistance and temporarily sent Vivian off to a nearby elementary school. 
“Sweetie, Daddy has been sent off to training. Since he’s only coming back after three months, this will be your temporary home. Once Daddy is back, we’ll visit Ian and Matt together, alright?” 
Obediently, Vivian listened to her Mommy’s every word and did not kick up a fuss. “Will Daddy come back to pick us up?” Vivian asked softly. 
Immediately, Sasha recalled the cold message she received from Sebastian. The mere thought caused a painful sensation in her chest, and it felt like a knife had pierced her heart. 
“Of course, how can Daddy forget his adorable sweetie?” Sasha smiled reluctantly to comfort her daughter.
With that, Vivian smiled from ear to ear as she followed Sasha to the school. 
Two days later, Sasha was assigned to work in Hope Hospital’s department of internal medicine. There, she held the temporary position of an intern. 
“Sasha, I intended to position you in the department of TCM. I’ve heard wondrous tales of your skill. It would be a blessing to our hospital if you could work in the department of TCM. Alas, I’m sure you are aware of Jonathan’s attitude. It would rouse his suspicion if you became the attending physician of the department of TCM. This man is sharper than a fox!” Grayson explained with a downcasted sigh. 
When she heard his explanation, Sasha couldn’t decide whether to laugh or cry. Besides, how can I blame him? I’m already extremely grateful for the fact that he could help me secure a job in the first place. 
After Sasha expressed her immense gratitude, she checked in at the department of internal medicine. 
Initially, she assumed that three months would pass in the blink of an eye. But on her second day of work, an important patient was admitted into the department of internal medicine. 
The entire department was in an uproar when they heard of the new patient. 
“Did you hear the news? Mr. White is back.” 
“Who is he?” 
“Who else would it be? He’s the man from the White House. I heard that in an attempt to cure his illness, he was transferred to Moranta. But he returned after several failed recoveries. Although he was just admitted to the hospital, he’s already back in the operating theater.” 
The nurses and doctors gathered around as they engaged in a heated discussion about the new patient.
On the other hand, Sasha was in the midst of organizing the patients’ medical records and paid no heed to their gossip. 
It wasn’t until the surgery ended a few hours later, the director of the internal medicine department made his way out of the operating theater and back to the consultation room. He then tossed a stack of files in front of Sasha. 
“Macy, you and Dr. Woods will be in charge of this patient.” 
Startled, Sasha looked up before she shifted her gaze to the stack of files. 
According to the regulations of this hospital, the patient would be sent to the ward after an operation. Usually, there would be a resident doctor and an attending physician assigned to the patient. The attending physician served as the chief surgeon and was also in charge of the patient. 
On the other hand, the resident doctor had to monitor the situation in the ward. In short, the resident doctor would act as the attending physician’s subordinate. 
###Chapter 851
Chapter 851
Hence, it was customary for the Director of Internal Medicine to hand over the patient to Sasha. 
She took a glance at the medical record and was surprised to see the familiar name. 
“Baylor? Is he back?” 
Her eyes widened in disbelief. 
Stunned by her reaction, the director asked, “Do you know him?” 
Sasha nodded. “Yes. I was his consulting doctor for two days when he was previously admitted for lung cancer.” 
“I see. Then I guess you two need no further introductions. Great. You’re the best option for him.” 
The director knew the patient was in excellent hands. 
Speechless, she watched her superior leave. For a long time, she remained in a daze, holding the medical record. 
Hold on. Didn’t Baylor transfer to the hospital in Moranta? Why is he back? Did his condition worsen? 
Just then, his pale and smiling face came into her mind. Things weren’t exactly great when they parted ways the last time. Being a doctor, it was demoralizing to see the patient making zero progress after treatments. 
Ten minutes later, Hazel came over. Like Sasha, she was also new to the hospital.
“Macy, the director says we’re in charge of Baylor, right?” 
“Oh. Yes.” Sasha nodded right away and headed to the ward with her colleague. 
“Macy, please be careful with this patient. He’s not an amiable man. I wouldn’t want you to get into trouble for rubbing him the wrong way.” 
Since they used to be fellow interns, Haley thought it was best to remind her. 
Are we talking about the same person? The Baylor Sasha remembered was the exact opposite. 
“He doesn’t seem like a difficult person to me.” 
“Are you serious? Haven’t you heard of what happened during his last admission? A couple of doctors were fired because he wasn’t satisfied with them. We can’t afford to piss him off.” 
At that moment, Sasha was dumbfounded. 
That doesn’t sound like the man I know. During the two days when I was his consulting doctor, Baylor would cheer me up whenever Sebastian picked on me. Maybe it’s just a rumor. 
Sasha gave little thought to it as she entered the VIP ward with Hazel. 
Twenty-four hours after the surgery, their patient was still unconscious when they came. Lying on the bed in the intensive care unit with tubes all over his body and an oxygen mask on his face, he looked peaceful. 
“I heard that there’s no cure for him. This time, the surgeon merely dealt with the internal bleeding. It’s impossible to remove the cancerous growth without killing him,” Hazel commented upon seeing Baylor’s closed eyes. 
The man looked dashing, even in his condition.
With that, Sasha let out a long sigh. The depressing outcome frustrated her. 
The two doctors carefully recorded their patient’s vital signs and data from various devices. Then Hazel left with the numbers while Sasha stayed behind. 
The Whites were a prominent and influential family. At their insistence, a doctor was always monitoring Baylor in the intensive care unit until he regained consciousness. 
Sasha sat in a chair by the window as she waited. 
Meanwhile, at the elementary school, Vivian was arguing with her teacher over a Maths question. 
“We’re not supposed to solve it like this. My teacher says this isn’t the proper way to learn. Your method works, but it’s not the correct solution to the question!” 
Angry tears brimmed in her eyes as she stood in front of the class, risking punishment from her teacher. 
The Maths teacher had to teach her students by following the local educational system’s textbook solution. Although simple subtraction was used, the question was also a test of the kids’ mindset. They had to work out the number of ducklings left after a few were captured. 
The concept was foreign to Vivian. When she and her brothers attended Empire Elementary, the best elementary school in Avenport managed by Hayes Corporation, the teachers used a more holistic approach to engage with the students. 
Later, in Miralaea, they had the most professional and elite private tutors in the market. 
###Chapter 852
Chapter 852
Vivian could never understand the logic to the question that developed a child’s mentality with calculus. To her, math itself was all about numbers. The subject had no relevance to other factors. 
Nevertheless, the teacher was utterly pissed by her gesture. 
“Where did this kid come from? How could we have such a stupid student in our school?” the teacher complained. 
With that, she made Vivian stand outside the classroom as punishment. 
Vivian was heartbroken; tears the size of beads rolled down her cheeks. I miss Mommy, Ian, and Daddy. 
Finally, the lesson ended. The children swarmed out of the room, ignoring her. 
“Look at her. She’s the one who argued with the teacher earlier.” 
“Who does she think she is? How dare she doubt the teacher? What a fool!” 
“That’s right. She’s a fool!” 
“Hahaha…” 
The continuous mockery was followed promptly by jeers and snickers. 
Vivian, who had not yet recollected herself, hit rock bottom again. 
“I’m not a fool. You guys are!” she yelled and glared at the bullies.
“You’re the fool. You can’t even solve a simple math question!” 
“That’s right. I bet her parents are uneducated. Hey, where are your mom and dad? Don’t they teach you at home? Or is there no one in your house?” 
Vivian was absolutely livid. 
In just a few minutes, the teasing spread throughout the entire school. Her identity as the fool stuck. Suddenly, she was no longer the new transfer student. 
Indeed, some people were evil by nature. 
They were only kids, yet they attacked a peer with such brutal words. 
In the end, Vivian ran out of the school, bawling her eyes out. 
I’m not a fool. And I have a family. I’ve got Daddy and Mommy and Ian. 
Sobbing, the girl wandered aimlessly on the street. 
“What’s wrong, darling? Why are you crying and alone?” 
Many good Samaritans stopped to check on Vivian. One lady walked over and placed a hand on her shoulder firmly. 
“Hey, Pumpkin? Why are you crying here alone? Where’s your mom?” 
“Mommy, Mommy…” Vivian wailed. 
She was too overwhelmed with sadness that she couldn’t remember where her mother worked. 
The passer-by had no choice but to carry her up.
“Forget it. Let’s go to a police station and let the officers sort this out. I’m sure they can find your careless parent in no time.” 
Right then, someone called her. 
“Opal Garden Academy? Got it. But I ran into a lost girl on the street. I’ll have to send her to the police station before I can do your delivery.” 
So she makes a living doing deliveries. Her next location is Opal Garden Academy? 
Vivian stopped crying when she heard the familiar location. 
That’s right. I heard them saying they would be studying in Opal Garden Academy back at Oceanic Estate. They lied about bringing me along. In the end, I was sent to this school, where I got bullied. 
She started sobbing in despair. “I want to go to Opal Garden Academy too…” 
“What?” The passer-by was stunned momentarily. “Do you want to go to Opal Garden Academy?” 
“Yes… M-My brothers a-are there. I want to go find them.” Vivian choked on her words. 
The passer-by was heartbroken upon seeing that. 
With Vivian’s naturally cute features, her crying would melt anyone’s heart. 
Though doubtful, the passer-by decided to walk her there. 
What kind of place is this Opal Garden Academy? A fancy name like this indicates it’s an ivy-league school. Ordinary students won’t be able to go in. Are her brothers really in there? 
After they arrived at the school, Vivian mentioned her brothers’ names, and the teacher went inside to call them. A short while later, a pair of good-looking twins walked out.
“Matt… Ian…” 
Vivian could no longer hold back her emotions. She cried and stumbled her way toward them. 
The boys dashed to her. The trio immediately held one another tightly. 
“What happened? Were you bullied? Why are you crying?” 
“Stop crying. We’re here.” The twins hugged their sister and comforted her. 
They expressed their care differently, but both were filled with utter wrath and worry. 
Who the h*ll dares to bully Vivi? 
###Chapter 853
Chapter 853
Vivian finally felt secure in her brothers’ embrace. She eventually calmed down. 
“Alright. Tell us now. What happened? You and Mommy left suddenly, and we could not reach you. Where have you been? Where’s Mommy?” Matteo probed. 
Right then, Ian also let go of the hug and stared at her with concerns. 
Vivian stared at them and took a deep breath before replying, “That old man chased us out. He said he would not allow Mommy to take care of Daddy and you two.” 
“I knew it was him!” Matteo was utterly enraged. 
Right then, a dark expression loomed over Ian’s face as well. 
He never liked Jonathan from the start. And now, he hated him even more. 
“What happened after that?” 
“Mommy went to find Uncle Devin. He arranged a place for us to stay, and he got Mommy a job at the hospital. No one is home to take care of me, so Mommy sent me to a school. I-I…” 
As Vivian mentioned that, her eyes began brimming with tears again. 
Matteo, who grew up with her, instantly understood what had happened to her. 
“Bast*rd! How dare she bully my sister!” He stomped his feet in exasperation.
Ian’s expression was gloomy, but he was more composed compared to his brother as he asked Vivian for more details. 
Only then did she elaborate on the grievances she had suffered in school. Her cheeks were wet when she finished telling her brothers about the bullying and scolding. 
“Son of a b*tch!” 
Matteo saw red. He wanted to murder the teacher, and those who had bullied his sister. 
Ian stopped him immediately. “Hold on a second. There’s no way you can go out like this. Surely that old man is watching outside.” 
“What then? We can’t just drop it!” 
“Of course not. I’ll never allow anyone to bully Vivi. You wait and see.” Upon saying that, Ian stood up and went out. 
A few minutes later, the guards who sent them to school every day showed up. 
“Listen to me carefully. We’re going to Sakura Elementary School now to get revenge for Vivi. You have two options—send us there, or we’ll disappear in front of you.” 
Ian did not intend to hide their plan at all. 
Matteo widened his eyes at his twin in bewilderment. 
Is he out of his mind? How could he tell them the plan? They will surely try to stop us! 
Those guards cast a condescending and amused look at Ian 
“Mr. Ian, are you kidding us? Did you just say you’ll disappear in front of us?”
“That’s right, Mr. Ian. We know you don’t like to come to this school, but it’s useless to threaten us.” 
As expected, they did not take the boy’s words seriously. 
Ian glared coldly at the men and turned around to walk out of the classroom. 
The guards were left in total befuddlement. 
After a few minutes, they suddenly heard a white noise in their walkie-talkie earpiece. Then it was complete silence. 
“What’s this?” 
They were stunned momentarily, unable to wrap their heads around it. 
Upon seeing the guards’ reaction, Matteo understood what Ian wanted to do. He pointed at their cell phones and the watches on their wrists. 
At that moment, it startled the guards when they realized their phones had lost signal while their watches and tracking devices had malfunctioned. 
They were beyond horrified. 
“You guys…” 
“Relax. We want you to understand the fact that we’re good kids. Haven’t we been behaving well all this while? So listen. After we settle Vivi’s matter, everything will be fine.” 
Matteo shrugged his shoulders, acting all innocent. 
Those guards’ heart fell with a thud, utterly intimidated by the two boys.
An extensive entourage walked out of the school minutes later. Their sole purpose was to go to Vivian’s school for revenge. 
Meanwhile, after their sister left school, no one seemed to bother to look for her. Even the homeroom teacher did not ask why a student was missing. 
“Who are you guys? No outsiders are allowed to enter the school during school hours.” 
“Really? No one is allowed in? But a student allowed to go out?” Matteo sneered at the despicable security guard at the gate. 
“Kid, what’re you talking about? During school hours, no one is allowed in or out!” 
###Chapter 854
Chapter 854
“Is it? Then how did my sister get out?” 
Matteo did not hold back at all as he carried Vivian out of the car. 
The color drained from the guard’s face instantly. Before he could explain, the Jadesons’ guards came out of the car and brought him down mercilessly. 
“Until next time then!” 
It’s the right choice to bring them with us. 
The three kids entered the school under those guards’ escort. On their way to Vivian’s classroom, some students playing in the school compound started mocking her. 
“Look! The fool is back.” 
“I thought she would never come back after running away. It looks like she has no choice but to come back.” 
“Hahahaha…” 
Vivian’s face paled at their jeers. She turned immediately into Ian’s embrace. 
The latter’s face was now flushed red with fury. 
However, before he could lash out, Matteo sauntered toward those students slowly. 
“Who are you calling “a fool”?”
He was smiling, but his eyes filled with utter hostility. 
Those students were from higher grades. 
Their hearts skipped a beat at the viciousness in Matteo’s voice. 
After they saw his small frame, they got all fearless again. 
“She’s the fool. What can you do to us?” 
“Come closer to find out.” 
Matteo wagged his finger at them tauntingly. 
Unfazed, the bigger boys approached leisurely. “Here we are. What do you-” 
Before they could finish their sentence, Matteo swiftly dealt each of them a kick in their knees. 
Thump! 
In the blink of an eye, he pounced on the bullies who were on the ground and rained punches on them. 
What the f*ck? 
Howls of pain caused an uproar among the other students. 
Even the Jadesons’ guards gasped in terror as they witnessed the viciousness from the twins. 
It’s impossible! Matteo and Ian are too young to be this good at fighting. 
Everyone on the scene froze on the spot as they witnessed Matteo beat up those kids for a full five minutes.
The arrival of the teachers and school security finally put a stop to the beating. 
“Mr. Matteo, that’s enough! You’ll kill them if you don’t stop now.” 
“They deserve it! I’ll kill anyone who dares to bully my sister!” 
Matteo was still furious as he gave one last kick. 
His atrocity flabbergasted the school personnel. 
“Who are you guys? Why did you come to our school to beat our students?” they demanded angrily. 
Ian cast a disdainful glance at them as he grabbed Vivian’s hand and walked toward them. 
“Vivi. Tell me. Which teacher asked you that stupid question?” He turned to his sister, ignoring the teachers. 
Vivian leaned against Ian meekly and shifted her eyes toward those teachers. 
D*mn that teacher. 
After scanning around, she pointed at a woman. “That’s her. She said that after the ducklings were caught, remaining ones escaped.” 
Rage started rising within her heart again. 
Ian shot the teacher an icy glare that rendered the latter speechless. 
Her heart skipped a beat when she recognized Vivian and the woman instinctively had an ominous feeling that something bad was about to happen.
“So it’s you, Vivian. I only corrected your mistake. You didn’t have to bring help with you and create a fuss in school. I need to speak to your parents about your absurd behavior. Call them now and ask them to come immediately!” 
The teacher refused to admit she was wrong, as she pinned all the blame on Vivian. 
Just then, Ian’s lips curled into a menacing smile. “I’m her guardian. What do you want to talk about?” 
“You?” 
“Yes, I’m her brother. The one who beat those boys is also her brother. These men are our guards. Will you feel assured if we include them as our guardians too?” 
It was hard to imagine Ian could sound so domineering only after a year. 
Like Sebastian, the boy exuded the charisma of a born leader. At just six years old, Ian spoke with such confidence that commanded his audience’s attention. 
The teacher’s face turned ashen at his words. 
Guards? These kids even have their own guards? 
This time, she panicked. Not every family could afford to have guards. 
“That’s not what I meant… I only wanted…” 
“What exactly do you want? Force your methods on everyone? Or do you want your students to accept your teachings blindly?” 
Ian showed no mercy in provoking the teacher. 
###Chapter 855
Chapter 855
At that instance, the teacher’s face went red from embarrassment. 
She was just an ordinary teacher, after all. She merely followed the syllabus and taught the children based on the materials given. 
An educator was supposed to be respected. However, a seven-year-old boy was lecturing her in full view of the whole school. 
The teacher could no longer suppress her indignant. “I’m not a saint; I make mistakes too. Regardless, we’ve been using these questions as part of the syllabus all these while.” 
“Is it? That’s a shame. The school my siblings and I attended overseas taught us differently.” 
“What?” 
Gasps of surprise could be heard from the crowd. 
Overseas? They used to study abroad? 
The revelation was a blow to their hearts, especially the teachers, as color drained from their faces. 
“Let me tell you. When we were studying overseas, the teacher said Vivian was the smartest and pure- hearted kid in the class. My sister’s great potential and the simplicity and diversity of her thoughts impressed her. With a bright and promising future, how could my sister be a fool in this school?” 
For a while, there was a dead silence. 
With that, a hint of ridicule crept into Ian’s smirk.
She doesn’t deserve to be a teacher. Besides the issues with her teaching methods, the way she treated Vivian was proof that she lacked the fundamental qualities of an educator. Was she too egoistic? 
Eventually, Ian made a clear stand to the school administration for the immediate dismissal of this teacher. 
His decision naturally shocked the chief administrator. 
“It’s fine if you refuse. I can go back and make a call to replace all of you with a new team.” 
At that juncture, the Jadesons’ guards weighed in. 
At the possibility of losing their jobs, several school leaders swiftly cast their votes in favor of the teacher’s immediate dismissal. 
Many others wasted no time flattering Ian with various suggestions, including assigning another teacher for Vivian and transferring the girl to the class of elites. 
The twins ignored all the suggestions and engaged in their private discussion. 
“Ian, I think we should let Vivi go to Opal Garden Academy with us.” 
“Yes. You read my mind.” 
Ian had resumed to usual aloof self. 
The guards hastily voiced their ions. “No way! Old Mr. Jadeson personally saw to arrangement to have you both enrolled. Vivian has not anything about the paperwork. She’s not eligible to be a student at the academy?” 
“That’s your problem to solve.”
“What?” 
“You must have a way. I’m sure you wouldn’t want us to keep coming here, would you? It could be dangerous.” 
Matteo beamed, and his eyes curved into crescents. 
The guards relented. 
F*ck these kids! 
The twins quickly devised a plan on how to bring Vivian with them to Opal Garden Academy. To prevent their mother’s suspicions, the guards would go to Sakura Elementary School to pick their sister up only after they confirmed Sasha was out of the vicinity. 
The guards would send her back to Sakura Elementary School before the end of the school day. 
They had no choice but to comply with the plan. 
Meanwhile, Sasha waited for Baylor to wake up in the intensive care unit. 
She took a glance at the clock. It was the end of her shift, but her patient continued to stay in a coma. Sasha got up from her seat, getting ready to switch with Hazel. 
The moment she was on her feet, Baylor moved. 
“Mr. White? Are you awake?” 
She immediately turned around when she heard him move. 
What a timing. I’ve been waiting for the whole day, yet he chooses to wake up now. Soon, he gradually opened his eyes.
“It’s… you.” 
As expected, Baylor recognized her right away. 
Sasha lowered herself as she placed her stethoscope on his chest to listen to his heartbeat. 
“Yes, Mr. White. It’s me. How are you feeling? Are you in any discomfort or pain?” She did a routine check on him, asking the usual questions to gauge his condition. 
The patient’s self-awareness is vital upon waking up from surgery. 
Baylor furrowed his brows as though he were in pain. Cold sweat started forming on his pale forehead. 
“It hurts…” 
Sasha was suddenly at a loss. Pain was inevitable after the general anesthesia from surgery wore off. 
Nevertheless, she took out a syringe, lifted the blanket, and jabbed the needle in a few areas around the surgical wound. 
“This should give you some temporary relieve when the pain is at its worst. After that, you should feel better.” 
###Chapter 856
Chapter 856
“All right… Thanks.” The frown eased as Baylor felt a wave of calmness lightening his body. 
Sasha let out a smile and continued with the routine check. 
Ten minutes later, she finished recording all the data and got ready to leave. 
“Mr. White, I’ll excuse myself first. Another doctor will be here for the night shift shortly to take care of you.” 
Baylor closed his eyes to rest quietly. 
Sasha had no intention of waiting for a response. She took the data about to leave the room. 
“Macy… Doctor… Am I able to eat tomorrow morning?” he asked out of the blue. 
She halted and turned to look at the patient, who was staring back with unyielding eyes. 
“I would like to eat something. Will milk and egg be okay?” 
Sasha did not know how to react to that request. 
Consuming solid food wasn’t ideal in his current condition. He would have to rely on a liquid diet via IV drips for nutrient on a long-term basis. 
The doctor couldn’t find the words to break the news to him. 
Ultimately, she agreed to his request. His eyes were burning with such expectation and desire that she didn’t have the heart to .
“Okay. I’ll bring some for you tomorrow.” Then she left the intensive care unit. 
Getting back to the on-call room, Sasha saw Hazel was already there. Without hesitation, she handed Baylor’s data to her. 
“The patient has woken up, and his condition is good. But he wants to have some milk and egg tomorrow.” 
“Huh?” 
Hazel widened her eyes. “With his current condition, it’s not advisable?” 
Sasha shrugged her shoulders. “It’s normal for patients to have cravings. Can you please inform his family? We’ll see if he’s able to eat tomorrow.” 
With that, she took off her white coat and left work to pick Vivian up from school. 
Her daughter seemed exceptionally happy for some reason. 
“You look elated. Did the teacher praise you?” 
“Yup.” 
Vivian did not tell her mother that she went to the same school with her brothers. 
Initially, Sasha was worried the girl would be an outcast in her new school. However, all her worries faded after seeing the joy on her daughter’s face. 
After settling Vivian down, she lay in bed and checked her phone habitually. Just then, she noticed the chat between her and Sebastian. He hadn’t replied to her text since that day. 
At that instant, she felt her heart drop.
She knew she should not expect anything from him. After all, he could not even remember who she was. 
Sasha felt utterly discouraged, as though there was a weight on her chest. 
Do I have no place at all in his heart? Even if he doesn’t remember me, we’ve spent a long time together. And I’ve been pleading with him humbly. How could he not reply to me? 
Sasha could not suppress her dissatisfaction, and she sent another message to him. 
Mr. Hayes, are you there? 
Sebastian: Yes? 
To her bewilderment, he replied within seconds this time. 
Sasha’s eyes widened as she bolted upright on her bed. 
My goodness. He finally replied! 
She was exhilarated. 
Sasha: I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. It’s nothing important. I heard that you’re in training. How are you doing? 
There was no reply from him. 
It looks like he doesn’t like the question. 
Sasha waited, but he still did not respond. 
The utter disappointment hit her like a rock. She regretted asking him that question. 
I’m an idiot! How could it be enjoyable for Jonathan? He was forced into training by Devin.
Frustrated, Sasha threw her phone aside. 
Just then, Sebastian suddenly texted: Who did you hear it from? 
Seeing those words, Sasha could imagine his angry look. 
She immediately texted: Mr. Devin told me. Please don’t be mad. I was the one who insisted. 
Overwhelmed with nervousness, Sasha failed to comprehend the true meaning of Sebastian’s question and mentioned Devin mindlessly. 
She even explained herself to prevent a conflict between the men. 
###Chapter 857
Chapter 857
This time, Sasha received a prompt reply. 
Sebastian: Are you not at Oceanic Estate? 
Macy: Um… 
Sebastian: Where did you go? And who allowed you to leave? 
There was no response from Macy for a long time. 
Sasha could sense his dominance in those two simple questions despite being miles away. As a result, she couldn’t even utter a single word. 
Wait… Haven’t I explained it to him already? And he responded with those few indifferent words. So, what’s with all these questions now? Why does it seem as though he doesn’t know anything at all? 
She stared at the screen blankly for some time before she typed her reply. 
I left by myself and went to work at the hospital. You’ve gone for training, so there’s nothing for me to do even if I stay at Oceanic Estate. 
Sebastian didn’t reply to that, so she quickly added, Don’t worry. I’ll go back immediately when you’ve returned. 
It was as though she wanted to seize that opportunity but was afraid that the man would . 
Fortunately, he responded seconds after she sent the message. While it was a curt reply of merely two words—how pointless—it was already a vast improvement to her.
Hmm… Since I haven’t yet figured out why he knows nothing about this matter right now, I won’t tell him for the time being. After all, I don’t know the ploy behind all this. When Jonathan forced me to leave, he said such nasty words that I sent Sebastian a message for help, but the reply I got was entirely different from his attitude now. There’s something suspicious about it. Therefore, the best solution is to say nothing for now. 
Sasha put down her phone and slept soundly that night. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was at the military base. He put down his phone and abruptly opened his room door without even drying his hair. 
“Is this why you have been restricting my use of electronic devices?” he demanded with a deadly glare at the guard outside his door. 
“W-What?” 
Mark’s expression underwent an instant change when he heard that question. 
Indeed, they had been restricting Sebastian’s use of electronic devices from cell phones to laptops with the excuse that he had no need for such things since he was training. 
They only allowed him access that night because the two children wanted to phone him. 
“There must be some misunderstanding, sir. We haven’t been restricting your use. We didn’t give them to you because you don’t have time to use them since you’ve been training,” Mark insisted. 
The sneer on Sebastian’s face was terrifying as he stood under the dim light with his hair still dripping wet. 
“Okay. In that case, don’t let me catch you for the second time.” 
Before Mark could say anything, the man continued, “I promise you’ll regret sending me here.”
Sebastian stood in the dark and regarded the former like a predator to its prey. Then he slammed the door shut with a bang. 
Throughout it all, Mark merely stared ahead blankly. 
Long after Sebastian switched off the lights in his room, the man was still rooted in the same spot. Beads of cold sweat covered his forehead and slid down his pale face. 
Undeniably, those words were truly petrifying because Mark knew Sebastian. Furthermore, he had intimate knowledge of how terrifying the latter was when he flew into a rage. 
For the first time, he regretted his actions. 
The next day, Sasha arrived at the hospital early in the morning. 
“Macy, are you sure Baylor asked you for milk and eggs yesterday? I informed his family last night. They brought him the things, but he threw them all away.” 
Moments after she arrived, Hazel related the incident to her. 
Hearing that, Sasha was stunned. 
He threw everything away. Why would he do that? I’m certain he said he wanted milk and eggs before I left yesterday. 
Stumped, she hurriedly went to check on her patient. 
Sure enough, the sight of a resplendently dressed middle-aged woman coaxing the patient who had been transferred to the general ward greeted her. 
“All right, all right… It’s fine if you don’t want to eat. Don’t be angry, okay?”
“Get out!” 
Embarrassed, the middle-aged woman dragged her feet out of the hospital room despondently. 
Sasha witnessed her patient throwing a fit and chasing everyone away. Puzzled by his behavior, she approached the fuming man. 
“Mr. White, didn’t you say you wanted milk and eggs?” 
The simple question earned her a glare. 
“I wanted you to buy them for me, not those people!” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha became more confused. 
Is there a difference who’s buying? Are children from prominent families this unreasonable? 
On the heels of that, a trace of chagrin rose within Sasha. 
“Mr. White, I’m only your attending physician. I’m not in charge of your diet whatsoever. Besides, you can’t eat solid food. I only agreed yesterday to keep you calm for better recovery.” 
Frowning, she simply told her patient the truth. 
However, her words only aggravated Baylor more. 
###Chapter 858
Chapter 858
“Get out of here!” 
Baylor snagged an from his bedside table and threw it at Sasha. In the next second, a crash rang out. 
If she hadn’t dodged in time, it would’ve hit her. 
Argh! He’s taking this too far! Does he think he can simply insult someone just because he has a powerful family behind him? 
Sasha was livid. 
Without another word, she spun on her heels and stalked off as he wished. 
Ten minutes later, the director headed toward her while she was in the on-call room. Seeing that, she calmly put down her name tag and stethoscope. 
“Dr. West…” 
Hazel, who knew about the incident, had kept Sasha company for the past ten minutes. Upset by the director’s presence, she gave the latter a hug to offer her moral support. 
In response, Sasha patted her to indicate that she was fine. 
Baylor’s tantrum didn’t bother her. Even if she was terminated from the job, she could just ask Grayson to drive her back to Oceanic Estate later. 
Finally, the director came into the on-call room
“Did the patient in Room 16 haul you over the coals earlier, Macy?” 
Sasha got to her feet at once. “About that-” 
“He came to me just now and asked me to convey his apologies to you. He said he was too impulsive and shouldn’t have thrown a tantrum. Why don’t you go and look in on him? I prescribed him some medicine this morning, but I haven’t handed them in yet.” 
After saying that, the man gave her a few medical reports and some prescriptions. 
Sasha was entirely floored. 
Beside her, Hazel likewise gaped at their superior with disbelief written all over her face. 
Is this for real? The high and mighty heir of the White family has apologized? Are we hearing things? 
Everyone in the room couldn’t quite believe their ears. 
“Macy, I think someone must have hit him pretty hard on the head. You will not be dismissed! That’s great news!” Hazel surmised and congratulated Sasha after the director left. 
Sasha, however, was caught between laughter and tears. 
What’s fantastic about being a rich heir? As doctors, we must be grateful when men like him admit their mistakes and thank our lucky stars when he doesn’t demand for our dismissal. 
She went back to the ward with the prescriptions. 
Sure enough, the pale-faced Baylor averted his gaze in embarrassment when Sasha entered the room. 
“The doctor has a new prescription for you. I’ll check your blood pressure before you start the medicine.” 
Feigning nonchalance, Sasha went over to him and wrapped the blood pressure cuff around his arm.
Baylor pressed his lips into a thin line. 
When she was done, he opened his eyes and stole a peek at her. 
“Erm… the incident earlier… I’m sorry.” 
“Hmm?” Sasha, who was checking him over, lifted her head. “It’s okay. You’re a patient, so it’s normal when you can’t control your emotions. You don’t have to take it to heart,” she comforted gently. 
Truth be told, the fury within her had dissipated when she saw his guilt and self-reproach earlier. 
He’s just a patient. There’s no need to take offense at him. 
After she had checked him over and ascertained that everything was fine, she left to hand the prescriptions in. 
“I wanted you to buy me food because I didn’t want them to come here. All my life, I’ve been living according to their wishes. Now that my life is coming to an end, I refuse to depend on them.” 
Sasha, who was about to leave, stopped short in her tracks. 
As a doctor, she had seen death too many times that she could face it calmly. 
However, it was different to hear it from Baylor. She couldn’t quite bring herself to leave. 
After all, he was in his prime. 
“How could you be so pessimistic? There’ll be more delicious food for you in the future. How about this? When you’re cleared to eat solid foods, tell me what you want to eat, and I’ll buy it for you.” 
“Really?”
His eyes instantly lit up from the promise. 
“Of course. Don’t worry. I’ll buy it personally for you this time. However, you’ve got to be cooperative and stay on the treatment plan,” she coaxed her patient like a child. 
He was only in his early twenties, several years younger than her. 
Finally, exuberance infused Baylor. 
In the following days, he stopped throwing tantrums and cooperated with the hospital’s treatment plan docilely. That made Sasha’s job easier too. 
Meanwhile, Vivian behaved particularly well recently. Contrary to her persisting reluctance to attend school, the little girl got up earlier to wake Sasha so her mother could send her to school. 
Vivian would run into the school happily as though she was a changed person. 
Hmm? Could it be that this daughter of mine has had a personality change? Is she also aiming to be a top scorer now? 
Unbridled joy flooded Sasha, and she couldn’t help wanting to share it with someone. 
###Chapter 859
Chapter 859
Macy: Good morning, Mr. Hayes. 
However, there was no forthcoming reply. 
Gah! Sebastian regards my greeting messages as utter nonsense! In the beginning, he’d still answer with a question mark, but he now ignores it completely! 
Putting herself out there, Sasha sent him another message. 
Mr. Hayes, I noticed my daughter has been behaving out of character these days. She hated studying in the past, but she’s now keen to go to school. 
Sasha didn’t dare to share her feelings directly, so she used Vivian’s recent unusual behavior to attract Sebastian’s attention. 
That did the trick. 
Sebastian: That’s because you haven’t been a good mother in the past. 
Whoa! Everything was fine. Why is he criticizing me again? 
A spark of disgruntlement flared within Sasha. 
Macy: How am I not a good mother? I’ve always taken good care of her. 
Sebastian responded with a few sneering emoticons. Is locking her alone in the warehouse considered taking good care of her? Does that also include leaving her alone at home to fend for herself?
As rage brewed within her, Sasha had the sudden urge to respond with an emoticon covered in bruises. 
When did I lock her in the warehouse? Back in Jetroina, I deliberately left Vivian with Solomon at his bar to deal with you! It was also inconvenient for Karl to show himself in public. Argh! What a b*stard! 
Sasha wanted to chat a bit more, but a nurse came for her. 
“Dr. West, the patient in Room 16 is asking for you. There seems to be a problem.” 
“Okay, I’ll be right there.” 
Sasha put down her phone and left immediately for Baylor’s ward. 
Baylor has been behaving himself. Why is he suddenly asking to see me? Could he be in pain? 
At that thought, she inexorably quickened her pace. 
“Let’s face reality! The treatments make no difference to his condition. Why can’t you let him live out his remaining days peacefully?” 
“What are you saying? Nothing is set in stone. There’s no improvement because Baylor has been refusing treatments. That doesn’t mean there’s no cure!” 
“How dare-” 
Sasha hadn’t expected to see two women in an intense argument about Baylor, her patient. 
Are they out of their minds having a row right in front of him? 
Sasha promptly stopped them. “What are the two of you doing? Who allowed you to bicker here? Don’t you know this will disrupt my patient’s rest?” 
As she lambasted them, she seized the opportunity to cast a quick glance into the room.
Things didn’t look too good for Baylor as he lay on the bed with dull eyes and a face so pale as though he hadn’t any life in him. 
Seeing that, Sasha blew a gasket. 
Fortunately, the two women finally zipped their mouths sheepishly and ceased arguing. 
A few minutes later, Sasha strode into the room after the duo left. 
“Don’t take it to heart, Mr. White. They don’t understand-” 
“It’s okay. I’m used to it.” 
The young man had calmed down and flashed her a bitter smile. 
At that turn of events, Sasha didn’t know what else to say as she stayed with him. 
Cancer, at its terminal stage, had no cure. 
“Dr. West, if I were to discharge myself, would you stay with me till the end?” 
“Uh… I’m afraid not since I’ve still got other work to do. Besides, you shouldn’t be so pessimistic. What’s this about having little time left? You have a long journey ahead.” 
Baylor chuckled faintly. “You don’t need to console me. I know my condition best, Dr. West. Consider this a dying man’s last request. This time, I would like to stay at home. Is that okay?” 
He began imploring her with an indelible sorrow in his eyes 
Sasha pursed her lips and shook her head. 
“I’m sorry, but I really can’t. If you truly need a doctor, I can speak to Dr. Cahill on your behalf.”
To soften the impact of her rejection, Sasha recommended Hazel. 
Baylor exuded a cold determination when he heard her words. 
“Never mind, then. Please forget what I said.” He closed his eyes to rest. 
Upon seeing that, Sasha left. 
She would never agree to his request. The job at the hospital was to pass time while she waited for Sebastian to complete his training at the base. Since she had no intention of staying on the job permanently, it would be inappropriate to accept her patient’s dying wish. 
Even if she became a full-time employee, she still wouldn’t agree because she didn’t have the habit. 
###Chapter 860
Chapter 860
Baylor’s closed eyes sprang open the moment Sasha was out the door. An intense hostility and impatience filled his gaze as he yanked the needle from the drip out and dropped it on the ground. 
In an instance, blood gushed out from his arm like a faucet. 
However, he felt nothing. 
Macy West! 
When Sasha got off work and went to pick Vivian up, she received a text from Sebastian. 
An inexplicable helplessness overwhelmed her when she saw its content. 
“Mommy, why is Daddy asking you to read How to be a Good Mother. Is the book interesting?” 
When Vivian saw the message from her father, she gazed at her mother in confusion. It was a book with a title that she didn’t quite understand. 
All at once, Sasha was rendered dumbstruck. 
Ugh! How I wish I could beat him up! The b*stard is offering me advice on how to be a good mother! 
Furiously tossing her phone aside, she went to make dinner for Vivian and herself. 
After seeing the message, Vivian eagerly whipped out the device given by her brothers and contacted them. 
“Matt, Ian, I’ve got good news to share with you both. Daddy and Mommy are chatting!”
“Really?” 
The twins at Oceanic Estate were naturally elated by the fantastic news. 
After their father left without an explanation and Jonathan kicked their mother out, the boys spent the past few days in constant worry. In fact, they furtively racked their brains for numerous solutions to help their parents. 
That old man is simply too ruthless! He shipped Daddy to the military base and blocked all access to his communication devices, making it impossible for us to contact him. Fortunately, Mommy found a way to stay in touch with Daddy. 
“But Ian, how did Mommy manage the feat when we couldn’t? For once, Mommy has outsmarted us.” 
Their joy was short-lived as Matteo couldn’t shake his doubts. 
However, Ian didn’t answer him. 
Well, Mommy isn’t smart or tech savvy. There could only be one explanation. Our pretentious father blocked everyone, but deliberately left an opening for Mommy. Finally, he making progress! 
After saving the video from his sister, he tottered out of the nursery. 
“Come over here, my great-grandsons. I’ve got a question for you both.” 
Unexpectedly, the twins bumped into Jonathan right after exiting the room. The old man beckoned at them to join him. 
Ian’s face instantly turned sullen while Matteo went over with a smile. 
“What is it, Great-grandpa?”
“Matteo, how are you doing at Opal Garden Academy recently? Have you gotten used to the environment? I don’t seem to hear your complaints about attending school these days. Do you now like it there now?” Jonathan caressed the boy’s head like a loving guardian. 
It was rare for the boys to accept his affection. 
Initially, they fought him and staunchly refused to attend Opal Garden Academy after the transfer because he suddenly sent Sasha away. 
However, they went to school obediently. The sudden change gradually aroused his suspicions. 
Matteo met Jonathan’s eyes and smiled even brighter. “Yup! That academy is quite good. Ian and I both like it, so you don’t have to worry.” 
“Oh, really? That’s great.” 
Hearing that, Jonathan was finally relieved. 
Of course, he had no inkling of the children’s huge plan behind his back. 
The next day, Sasha arrived early at work as usual. 
A piece of exceedingly shocking news had spread among the staff in the hospital. 
“Baylor attempted suicide last night.” 
“Did you say Baylor attempted suicide?” The news struck Sasha like a bolt of lightning. She stared at her colleague as her mind went blank from the shock. 
He attempted suicide. Why would he do such a thing?
“Yeah. After his aunts fought along the corridor yesterday, he has been acting weird. When Dr. Cahill took over the shift, she found a pool of blood under his bed.” 
Her colleague’s detailed narration left Sasha feeling depressed and apprehensive. 
The devastation left her dazed. 
He did it after I left. Was it because I turned him down? 
As Sasha recalled their last conversation from the previous afternoon, the recollection left her drained and powerless. 
No doctor could bear the burden of a patient’s death, especially when the doctor was at fault. 
It was unethical and unforgivable. 
Sasha stumbled her way to Room 16 without her white coat. 
“Mr. White…” 
“Oh, Dr. West. You came in time to administer his jab.” 
###Chapter 861
Chapter 861
Sasha had only called out for Baylor when the nurse spotted her and immediately put the syringe into her hand, relieved to be rid of a dreadful task. 
This time, Sasha didn’t decline. She moved right to the side of the hospital bed. 
Compared to the day before, the young man looked paler and weaker. 
As he lay with his eyes screwed shut, one would think he was dead if it weren’t for the rising and falling motion from his chest. 
He has maintained a positive and calm outlook throughout the prolonged battle against his illness. Yet he chose to end his life now. 
An overwhelming guilt invaded Sasha, suffocating her. 
“Mr. White-” 
“You don’t have to feel guilty, Dr. West. It has nothing to do with you. I’m just exhausted with my life. It’d be good to be free of everything earlier,” Baylor cut her off and offered his words of comfort. 
At that, Sasha was taken aback. 
Only when she looked up did she realize that the young man’s closed eyes had already opened. 
At that moment, he was gazing at her silently, as though nothing had happened. 
Sasha said nothing for a long time.
The more nonchalant he was, the harder she gasped. 
Guilt crushed her like a mountain. 
“Please don’t do anything foolish again, Mr. White. If you really don’t want your family to take care of you, I can petition to be your personal physician.” 
In the end, she gave in. 
The moment the young man heard that, his eyes lit up at lightning speed. 
Finally, she has agreed! 
In the director’s office, Grayson was exceedingly shocked upon hearing Sasha’s decision. 
“You want to be his personal physician? What about Mr. Hayes, then? He’ll be back from the base in two months. You can’t split yourself between the Whites and Oceanic Estate.” 
“I won’t stay for long. I only agreed to calm Baylor down. As you know, patients with a terminal illness like him develop depressing thought easily. It’ll just be until he’s emotionally stable.” 
After hearing that, Grayson finally understood her intentions. 
“If that’s the case, I won’t have to worry about it anymore. Even if he isn’t emotionally stable by the time you leave, I can still arrange for someone else to take over your job.” 
“Okay. Thank you, Dr. Wallen.” 
Sasha expressed her gratitude at his considerate arrangement. 
Thus, she was appointed as Baylor’s personal physician by the hospital. On the third day after the man’s suicide attempt, she left the hospital with him and went to his place.
“Don’t worry. I won’t bring you home or allow my mother to pick on you again.” 
He gave her a verbal tour as she wheeled him into the private residence. 
Sasha merely flashed him a faint smile. 
All this doesn’t matter since I’m not going to stay for long. 
The second she stepped foot into the Chanaean-styled garden, everything from the carved beams to the pavilion left her in awe. inside. The entire residence was so old-fashioned that she couldn’t believe a young man was living there. 
“My grandfather left me this place some years ago. He personally made many of the things here, so I didn’t want to destroy them,” he explained patiently in the wheelchair. 
It was as though he discerned her astonishment. 
Oh, so that’s how things are. 
Sasha then swept her gaze over the curtains she could see hanging everywhere. Nonetheless, she didn’t ask him anything but wheeled him into the house. 
Since she was now Baylor’s personal physician, the young man wanted her to stay at his place at first. However, Sasha declined. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. White. I’ve got a child at home, so I can’t stay here. I’ve got to take care of her.” 
“You can bring her here.” 
Baylor didn’t mind that in the slightest bit. 
Yet, Sasha still declined.
She didn’t like staying at a stranger’s house, especially if she had to bring her child with her. It made her feel uneasy and extremely insecure. 
Hence, she started commuting to his house every day. As she had to travel back and forth besides taking care of a child, she hadn’t the time to send Sebastian text messages. 
Upon returning home, she often fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow after having fed and bathed her child. 
It took a week for her to get used to the routine. When she finally recalled the matter, she took out her phone to contact Sebastian. 
However, she realized that there were no new messages from him. He didn’t contact her at all. 
All at once, her mood plummeted. 
Does he not miss me at all? Has it ever crossed his mind to initiate contact with me? 
Such stark disappointment deluged her that her excitement to contact him vanished without a trace. 
###Chapter 862
Chapter 862
“Dr. West?” 
“Huh?” Jolting back to her senses, Sasha promptly put her phone away and turned around to look at Baylor. 
He noticed she had been gone for a long time, so he came out to look for her. 
“It’s nothing. I just found the sight of you standing in this garden stunningly beautiful. May I take a photo of you?” 
Hearing that, Sasha was dumbfounded for a moment. 
Honestly, she wasn’t in the mood. 
Despite that, she couldn’t bring herself to crush his enthusiasm. Thus, she could only nod her head. 
Over the moon, Baylor immediately snapped several photos of her with his camera. 
“Dr. West, has anyone told you that your eyes are incredibly beautiful?” 
“What?” 
“Look at these photos. Your eyes sparkled like diamonds. Even the flowers here paled in comparison.” 
Baylor drew closer to Sasha with his camera and showed her the photos he had just taken. 
Indeed, her eyes were incredibly beautiful.
Every single person who had seen her couldn’t forget her eyes, including Solomon and Sebastian. 
Now, however, Sasha felt extremely perturbed to hear that. She was uneasy by how close Baylor was. 
“It’s rather late now. I should go home for today, Mr. White.” Enduring the discomfort within her, she made to leave at once. 
Surprisingly, Baylor said nothing. 
The very second she whirled around, he chuckled lightly behind her and drawled, “But I’m even more curious to find out what lies beneath those beautiful eyes.” 
“What did you just say?” 
Sasha instantly stilled. Her eyes went wide, and she gaped at him as though shock hit her like a tidal wave. 
How could he possibly… know about it? 
At her reaction, Baylor chuckled once more. “Relax. I won’t tell anyone. For I know, you have your own reasons for not showing your true self to others.” 
A string snapped in her mind. 
This time, she finally heard something exploding in her mind, and her thoughts went completely blank. 
Oh, my God! I can’t believe my patient with a terminal illness knows I’m wearing a mask! Besides, I had little interaction with him. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m leaving if there’s nothing else.” Suppressing the mix of emotions within her, Sasha spun around to leave.
It was a smart choice, but it was too late. 
No sooner had she turned around than a man abruptly appeared in front of the garden. He stood there with his arms crossed, making it glaringly obvious that she couldn’t leave. 
When Devin heard that Macy West, a physician from General Hospital, had met with a major accident on her way home, he almost passed out. After composing himself, he immediately rushed to the hospital. 
“How is she? Are her injuries severe?” 
“Her condition isn’t optimistic. When I arrived, she was already in the operating theater,” Grayson murmured solemnly. 
He, too, had rushed over at lightning speed. 
Devin stared at the red light above the operating theater. His complexion paled, and his heart plummeted to rock bottom. 
She only survived after much difficulty to meet another accident. How could such a thing happen again? 
Teetering on the brink of insanity, Devin immediately phoned Sebastian to inform him. However, he was out of reach, thanks to Jonathan’s interference. 
Having no other choice, Devin drove and sped all the way to the military base. 
When he finally entered the base and found the commander who was training Sebastian, Devin was told that his friend was missing in action. 
What the he*l? 
Utter panic swamped Devin.
Did he find out about the accident and snapped? 
He didn’t dare contemplate the possibility and could only rush back to the hospital again amidst his unadulterated anxiety. As expected, a man in cameo attire was already standing outside the operating theater when he arrived. 
Right that moment, he was staring at the tightly closed door with a stormy expression on his face. 
“Calm down first, Sebastian. She-” 
“Is this the doing of the White family?” 
After a month of training, Sebastian as brawnier, and the contours of his face had also become far more distinct. At that very moment, his face was devoid of emotions. Other than being as pale as a sheet, he exuded an overwhelming murderous aura. 
Devin froze for a moment. 
Sometime later, he nodded. “She was on her way home from Baylor White’s place when she met with an accident. Are you saying that… it wasn’t a normal accident?” 
“The person he wants dead has always been me.” 
Devin said nothing, so Sebastian continued, “He wants me to go mad, so he won’t have to make a move against me personally.” 
Out of the blue, the man started guffawing. His eyes that were tinged with a hint of mania were glued to the light above the operating theater. The entire scene sent a shudder down one’s spine. 
###Chapter 863
Chapter 863
Sebastian’s words were undoubtedly a bolt of lightning. 
Not only was Grayson shocked to hear that, but even Devin couldn’t quite believe it. 
Baylor White? Alfred’s dying son? How could he have the capability to cause such a huge accident? 
Devin knew the Whites well. He truly couldn’t quite believe that. 
After having discussed things with Sasha back then, they both felt that someone else was behind the poisoning incident. He had been investigating that man all this time. 
However, he found no clues that pointed to the man. 
Well, until this very moment when this cousin of his revealed that the sickly man wanted to kill him. 
In that case, could the person behind the poisoning have something to do with him? 
Devin was both surprised and livid. 
“How did you know that? Have you been investigating him all this while? Or… you were already acquainted?” 
Only after composing himself for a long while did he hear himself asking such a question. 
Unfortunately, Sebastian said nothing further. Or more precisely, he didn’t want to. He merely stood in front of the operating theater. The hostility and menace on his face could make one shudder in terror. 
Irrefutably, Devin was still beneath him with intellectual acuity.
How did he get acquainted with Baylor? He used to live in Avenport. And when he came here, he was a different person so, it’s even more implausible for him to be acquainted with that heir of the White family. 
That name probably went on Sebastian’s list because of Calvin’s death. 
The message the latter left him before he died was to caution him against someone else. He also said to stop after killing Charles and the others and urged Sebastian to live out the rest of his life with his family elsewhere. 
At that time, Sebastian already knew Calvin’s death had nothing to do with the Jadesons. 
Meanwhile, the fact that Calvin said nothing about the real culprit who hurt him but insisted that Sebastian left quickly because that person was even more powerful and tricky than the Jadesons. 
Naturally, the White family went on the list. 
The Whites were exceedingly smart. They seemed to get along very well with the Jadesons, just like a family. 
Sebastian finally had an opening when someone told him about Hubert’s sexual preference. 
The latter preferred beautiful boys. 
Sebastian had someone seek Hubert out. Instead of paying a visit in person, he instructed the person to anesthetize Hubert and witnessed his own castration. 
Sure enough, Hubert caved. 
He confessed that Calvin only ended up in his hands because someone wanted him to transform the latter. Then, he was to send Calvin back to the Jadesons’ Residence, and in turn, Sebastian. 
Therefore, Magnus’ appearance that day with Calvin was no coincidence.
It was probably staged. 
The puzzle pieces fell in place with careful planning, including phoning Kira and having her notify Devin. 
Since Devin had also gone to the club that day, he would still rescue Calvin without Sebastian since he had been helping with the search. 
After that, he would have sent Calvin back to Sebastian. 
Hubert received no mercy in the end. Sebastian had his man melt the organs and tossed him back to his master. 
I never expected the culprit to go even wilder instead of being afraid and restraining himself. I haven’t gone for him, but he dares to provoke me directly! 
The corners of Sebastian’s mouth curved into a frosty arc. 
An hour later, the doors of the operating theater finally swung open. 
“How is she, doctor? Is she okay?” Devin immediately rushed over. 
Grayson went over as well. 
“The prognosis is rather bleak. Her internal organs have ruptured, and there’s severe internal bleeding. Besides a few broken ribs, her vital signs are stable for now. However, it’s uncertain if she can pull through the critical period.” 
The doctor described the Vivian’s condition pessimistically while looking at the two men. 
As soon as Devin heard that, his face fell. 
When he saw her face wrapped in a thick layer of gauze, his expression turned grimmer.
“Sebastian, she…” He peered at his cousin cautiously, looking very hesitantly. 
She has finally returned to his side after much difficulty, and her face restored after an excruciating torture. But now, her life is hanging on a thread again. Why is this happening? 
Devin was devastated. 
However, he noticed Sebastian’s strange behavior. 
Standing before the gurney, the latter’s pupils constricted as he looked at a heavily bandaged Vivian. 
His handsome face blanched slightly. 
Seconds later, he was back to his calm and aloof self. 
“Keep a close eye on her,” he ordered. Then, he whirled around to leave. 
Devin was entirely stumped. 
Is he for real? He left just like this? 
###Chapter 864
Chapter 864
She is his wife and his children’s mother! Even though he doesn’t recognize her, she’s been taking care of him for so long. How can he be so ruthless? 
Devin could barely believe it. “You’re leaving now, Sebastian? Where… Where are you going?” 
“I have something else to do,” he spat coldly without any expression. 
Within the blink of an eye, he disappeared from the corridor. 
His murderous intent still lingered in the corridor, long after he had left. 
The situation was very worrying. 
Noticing it, Grayson quickly reminded, “Devin, do you want to inform your grandfather about this? He was quite terrifying. Will he go crazy again?” 
He was still concerned about that. 
Devin remained silent. 
Within a few seconds, a turmoil of emotions engulfed him. 
However, he decided to call Jonathan in the end. The sole reason was that he did not know how to control Sebastian if he really went mad. 
Furthermore, this involved the White family. 
…
Meanwhile, Jonathan was in Oceanic Estate when he received the call. 
The military had just called to inform him about Sebastian’s disappearance moments ago, so he was currently in a rage. 
Upon hearing about this sudden incident, he was consumed with even greater fury. 
“How did he know that Macy went to Alfred’s son’s place? Isn’t he with the military? I severed him from all forms of communication. How did he find out about this?” 
Devin did not know how to answer his questions because he was not sure either. 
No one knew how terrifying and unpredictable Sebastian was. 
No one knew how powerful he was, how many tricks he had up his sleeve, and what he was hiding. 
All they knew after experiencing this was that Sebastian was not someone to be trifled with. 
If they provoked him, he would wreak havoc. 
Unable to remain still, Jonathan stood up from the chair and left immediately. 
Mark followed behind him. After seeing what happened, he instructed someone to prepare the car and asked, “Old Mr. Jadeson, why would Mr. Sebastian be involved with Baylor? He has never interacted with the White family before.” 
He sounded extremely surprised. 
After all, the White family was the Jadesons’ arch enemy. 
Jonathan had never told others about the Jadesons’ affairs—not even Devin, who was the heir. 
The reason was that he thought that he was still capable enough to handle everything.
As a prominent military family, the Jadesons rose to glorious power under Jonathan’s leadership. 
Everyone in Jadeborough knew that they were a royal family that reigned over everyone else. 
Yet, no one knew that the family’s power had been diminishing ever since Jonathan retreated from the spotlight. This was a great fall from their supposed glory and power. 
After the new leader assumed his position, the others were supposed to be afraid of the Jadesons. However, that was not the case. 
After Jonathan retired, the White family rose through the ranks. Although everything might seem harmonious on the surface, only Charles was left in a position of authority, as well as Devin in the military. Other than that, the Jadesons’ power had been eroding gradually. 
Still, Jonathan turned a blind eye to that. 
Devin was not capable enough to hold his ground yet, and Charles had been too eager for success. None of them was suitable enough to shoulder the heavy responsibility that came with leading the Jadesons. 
Hence, Jonathan had no choice but to endure it. 
He watched as the Jadesons’ power faded slowly, as if there was a parasite devouring them. His men were replaced one by one, and his territory shrunk. In the end, he even had to move to Heron Hill to avoid suspicion. 
Despite that, the White family was still unwilling to spare the Jadesons. 
“He probably had his eye on him since a long time ago.” 
“What do you mean?”
Mark’s expression changed. 
Jonathan smirked coldly. “Alfred’s greatest fear is that the Jadesons will rise to power again. However, Devin and Charles have not been progressing much. Even though Devin is quite exceptional amongst the younger generation, he has a long way to go before he can grow stronger and lead the Jadesons back to our past glory. Hence, Alfred’s been taking his time wearing me down.” 
Mark only understood what he meant after a few seconds. Suppressing his surprise, he asked, “Are you saying that Mr. Sebastian’s appearance made him feel threatened?” 
“Of course. He killed Charles in just one try. Despite his multiple personality disorder, he still managed to destroy one of the Jadesons’ branch families. Not anyone can accomplish that.” 
Pausing briefly, Jonathan continued, “If I’m not wrong, that b*stard has already made a move on the White family. Hubert’s sudden death definitely has something to do with him!” 
At the thought of that, he immediately became so furious that he had an urge to drag that brat over and slap him. 
That b*stard’s going to drive me nuts one day! 
###Chapter 865
Chapter 865
Mark was at a loss for words. 
His mind had gone completely blank. Even after they entered the car, he still could not believe it. 
That man really is something! 
Both of them headed toward the White House. 
… 
What they did not know was that Sebastian did not go to the White House, nor did he go looking for Baylor. 
Instead, he went to the most crowded square in the city center and took the lift to the top floor. Soon, a spacious and bright office appeared in front of him. 
“You’re here, Mr. Hayes.” 
A man in black had been waiting there for a long time. After spotting Sebastian, he opened the door respectfully. 
Sebastian walked in. 
The speckless floor was made of marble, while the furniture followed a monochromatic color scheme. The huge desk was crafted out of dark walnut wood. From the reflection in the floor-to-ceiling windows, the office looked strangely familiar. 
“Where is it?”
Sebastian entered the office, turned on the laptop on the desk, and asked expressionlessly. 
When the man in black heard that, he passed a USB drive over. “Everything is ready. We’re just waiting for your command.” 
Sebastian inserted the USB drive into the laptop and scanned its contents. 
It was the second time he asked someone to bring it to him. The first time was when Hubert and the two others died. 
Back then, Devin foolishly thought that Sebastian was there to chase after him. He waited for him at Norland for two entire days, even going to the place he stayed at. 
In the end, Sebastian decided against taking this out again. 
He could wreak havoc in Jadeborough and make the two most influential powers battle with each other. In that case, none of them would end up well. However, Devin was innocent, and Sebastian did not want him to become a sacrifice. 
Hence, he gave up eventually. 
But now… 
He glanced at the screen before pulling the USB drive out coldly. 
“Let’s start.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
The man in black took the USB drive back and got to work.
In this calm and peaceful city, no one would have expected that a tempestuous storm would soon ravage the city. 
… 
In Bridgewater Estate, Baylor would never have thought that things would change so drastically in an instant. 
Sitting in a garden surrounded by lush greenery, he was enjoying the delicious food in front of him. 
“Are you not going to eat? I’ve grown this fish for a few years. It’s tender and juicy, without any pollutants. Others can only dream of eating it.” 
He picked up a piece of tender fish with his fork and coaxed the woman opposite him patiently. 
She was a gorgeous woman. 
Her dark hair was tied up neatly behind her head, revealing her smooth forehead. Although her skin looked quite pale from being shielded from the sun, her facial features were still dazzlingly beautiful. Despite the furious look in her eyes, they were still as clear as a lake. 
Her beauty could not even be described with mere words. 
Baylor placed a piece of fish onto her plate. 
However, she did not even spare him a single glance. After a futile struggle to break free, she glared at him angrily. 
“What are you doing, Baylor? Don’t forget your status. How can the son of the president commit such a crime? Aren’t you afraid that someone will find out?” she yelled furiously as she trembled on the chair.
This was something she did not expect. 
He was supposed to be a cancer patient, teetering on the brink of death. In fact, he even tried to commit suicide in front of her. However, after she came, he did something so atrocious to her. 
What does he want to do? 
A look of fury crossed her eyes. 
However, when Baylor saw how agitated she was, he laughed. 
“Don’t be afraid, Dr. West. I won’t hurt you. I’m only doing this so you can stay here for a few more days.” 
“What?” Her anger surged. “A few more days? Are you crazy? Why do you have to do this to make me stay here for a few more days?” 
“I like it when you stay by my side. Who told you to refuse my offer to stay here with me? I even said that you could bring your daughter over,” said Baylor calmly with a gentle smile. 
When Sasha heard that, she felt a cold shudder run down her spine. 
He’s really crazy! 
She remained silent, afraid that she would anger the madman and provoke him to kill her. 
However, Baylor felt unhappy when she did not say anything. “Why aren’t you saying anything? There’s another reason why I kept you here. I want to let you see how that crazy man from the Jadesons doesn’t care about you at all.” 
###Chapter 866
Chapter 866
“What? Which crazy man?” 
“Sebastian, of course. Weren’t you his personal physician all the while? You still wanted to work for him,” reminded Baylor seriously. 
Sasha opened her mouth. Suddenly, she realized something. 
Sebastian! So this crazy man is trying to target him! 
“What are you talking about? What do you mean by he cares about me? We’re strictly in a doctor-patient relationship. You’re overthinking things,” denied Sasha immediately, hoping to dispel that thought from his mind. 
However, Baylor had already done a thorough investigation. 
“You don’t need to deny it. I know that you miss him a lot. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have asked Grayson to let you stay with him at Oceanic Estate.” 
The more she heard, the more surprised she became. 
What terrified her the most was that Baylor would discover her true identity. 
However, upon seeing the suspicious look on Baylor’s face when he glanced at her real face, she felt relieved. 
“However, I’m curious about something. Since you’re so beautiful, why must you wear that disguise? Are you worried that the crazy man won’t like you because you’re too pretty?”
“I didn’t wear this disguise for him. It has nothing to do with him. I wore it because my face was disfigured from an accident. Before it was healed, I have to wear the disguise.” 
Suppressing her panic, Sasha explained it to him with feigned indifference. 
“Really?” Baylor was still doubtful. 
“Yeah. Don’t you know that I’ve been chased out of Oceanic Estate recently?” asked Sasha immediately. 
At that, Baylor fell quiet, looking slightly convinced by her. 
In truth, Sasha had been absolutely terrified when her disguise had been ripped off. She was not afraid that her real identity would be exposed but that it would bring trouble to Sebastian. 
However, it seemed like she was overthinking—Baylor knew nothing. 
While she was feeling relieved, someone walked over. 
“Mr. White, the hospital sent a video to us. Would you like to see it?” 
“Sure, play it.” 
Baylor diverted his attention away from Sasha and nodded. 
The man retrieved the video on his phone and passed it to Baylor. 
Sitting opposite them, Sasha had no idea what they were talking about. Since Baylor had stopped focusing on her, she lowered her head immediately and searched for an opportunity to escape. 
After scrutinizing her surroundings, she was disappointed. 
She had been tied to the chair since she woke up. If no one came to untie her, she could not leave at all.
He’s crazy! 
“You’re right, Dr. West. That crazy man doesn’t care about you at all.” 
“What?” 
Sasha raised her head and looked at him. 
Baylor laughed. “Look at this.” 
He placed the phone in front of her. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Not knowing what he was talking about, she stared at the phone. 
She discovered that the video was filmed at Hope Hospital, where she worked. However, she was shocked when she saw the people in the video. 
Grayson, Devin, and Sebastian were all there. 
“They…” 
When Baylor noticed her reaction, he helpfully explained to her, “I forgot to tell you something. When you were asleep, I sent a fake Macy there to confirm that madman’s attitude toward you. We even staged a car accident. This video was filmed right after she left the operating theater.” 
Sasha was stunned. 
She stared at the video for a few seconds before switching her gaze to the clearly mentally unsound man in front of her. Her mind became completely blank, making her unable to form a single word.
Although Sebastian had a hereditary mental illness, he was a normal man. 
Even with his multiple personality disorder, he was still normal. 
On the other hand, it seemed like Baylor was the mentally unstable one. His actions could not be comprehended through rational thought. 
Sasha had an urge to throw the phone at him. 
However, when she continued watching the video and saw a bandaged woman appear in front of Sebastian in the video, her expression froze on her face. 
She witnessed how unaffected he was. 
Even though she was not the woman in the video, she saw how cold he was. Merely sparing a brief glance at the woman, he spun around and left soon after. 
Why is he acting like this? Does he not care about me at all? 
Sasha felt like her entire world had stopped. Despite knowing that the woman was not her, her heart ached terribly. That feeling of suffocation made her unable to catch her breath for a second. 
###Chapter 867
Chapter 867
“He’s just a crazy man. There’s no need to feel so sad. After all, there are so many good guys around.” 
When Baylor saw that, a vicious glint flashed across his eyes. 
He saw something that he did not want to see. 
However, he quickly regained his composure. Lifting the teapot in front of him gently, he poured a cup of tea for Sasha. 
She was still watching the video in a daze. 
When she was eventually dragged away, her mind was still completely blank. It was as if she was a puppet whose strings had been cut. 
After Sasha left, the man who showed them the video asked, “Mr. White, do you think that Sebastian doesn’t care about her at all? Doesn’t that mean that our plan has failed? If he’s so indifferent to everything, how can we make him go crazy and kill others?” 
Baylor slammed the phone on the table. 
“Let’s spare him for now. Call the hospital and inform them that ‘Macy’ can die now.” 
“Huh?” 
When the man heard that, he gaped. 
Let the fake Macy die? What about that woman? She’s the real Macy. If she’s supposed to be dead, how can she appear in public in the future?
That man thought that he had misheard Baylor. 
“What do you mean, Mr. White?” 
“Book a plane ticket to Moranta for her. This is her new identity.” 
To the man’s surprise, Baylor passed him a new identification card and instructed him to book an air ticket for Sasha. 
Does he want that woman to adopt a completely new identity and become a different person? 
With lingering doubt, the man took the stuff. 
“Oh, right. Get me some sedatives to make her more docile and obedient. I don’t want her to create any trouble when we arrive at the airport,” added Baylor. 
The man was at a loss for words. 
He had worked for Baylor for many years, but a cold shiver ran down his spine when he heard that. 
When did he suddenly become so unrecognizable? 
… 
When Jonathan arrived at the White House, it was in utter chaos. Within half an hour, everyone was rushing about in a panic. 
“What happened?” 
When Jonathan entered and witnessed what was going on, he stopped a random person and asked. 
“Oh, it’s you, Old Mr. Jadeson.” The person was panicking as well. When he saw that it was Jonathan, he stopped.
Unable to conceal his anxiety, he quickly explained, “Don’t you know? All of us are being monitored. Someone is staring at our every move through a microchip transplanted in the brains of people close to us. That’s why everyone is panicking now.” 
Jonathan was stunned. 
Monitored? A microchip transplanted in their brains? 
He did not understand what was going on. “What do you mean? Monitored? Who would dare to do that?” 
The person glanced at his surroundings before lowering his head quickly and whipping out his phone. 
“Take a look yourself, Old Mr. Jadeson. Everyone’s scared now. They’re all rushing home to see if there’s someone like that in their household. I-I urge you to quickly do the same.” 
With that said, the person opened a webpage and showed it to Jonathan. 
Jonathan glared at him before looking at the phone. 
Mark was looking from the side as well. 
When they took a closer glimpse at the webpage, they were surprised to see the viral headlines that had been making their rounds on the Internet. 
#The Terrifying Emergence Of The Microchip 
#The Man Behind The Microchip 
#Gaining Power Through The Microchip 
These hashtags dominated the entire Internet.
More terrifyingly, when they clicked on one of the hashtags, a few horrendous photos appeared in front of them. Other than a high-definition photo of the microchip, there was a photo of someone taking it out of a brain in an operating theatre. 
“What is this? Who is spreading such nonsense on the Internet?” When Jonathan saw it, he was so shocked and furious that the veins on his forehead throbbed. 
Although he was not on good terms with the White House, he would immediately choose to protect the nation if it concerned the nation’s interests. 
However, no one knew who spread it. 
Before the scandal could die down, another breaking piece of news appeared on the web. This time, a name list was published. 
CarolineQ: Hubert Conrad? Apparently, he’s the one who supplied the microchips. 
Piggy: Who’s Hubert Conrad? Oh my God! Is he the Hubert that I’m thinking about? 
CarelessWhisper: I think so! 
The entire Twitter descended into chaos again. 
There were a lot of people with the name Hubert Conrad. However, since the word “politics” was mentioned, one could not help but think about that famous person. 
Coincidentally, he had just died recently. 
Everyone was thrown into an uproar. While they read this shocking scandal, some experts started to investigate who the person was. 
###Chapter 868
Chapter 868
In this era of technology, barely five minutes passed before Jonathan and Mark saw the pictures of Hubert’s death being published online. 
They even included photos depicting the graphic details of his death. 
“What the f*ck?” Even Mark could not help but curse out loud. “Look, Old Mr. Jadeson! So it’s true that he’s been murdered. In that case, that means this whole thing about microchips is true too! How dare he do something like that?” he asked fearfully. 
Jonathan remained silent, but his expression was ghastly grim. Fury raged through his eyes. 
Hubert wasn’t bold enough to do that! He’s just an ordinary cabinet member, so he isn’t influential enough. There must be a mastermind behind his back. Who could it be? 
Jonathan did not even need to wonder who it was. To be honest, he was not surprised by these events. As someone who had been in the focal of power for decades, he was used to the dirty tricks some would play to secure their own authority. 
What surprised him was that these scandals had been published on the Internet. By using such a means to expose the scandals, the person was intending to create nationwide chaos. 
In other words, the mastermind supporting Hubert was doomed. 
Jonathan’s face paled. 
He thought of a possibility—one so terrifying that he almost lost his footing.
“What’s wrong, Old Mr. Jadeson? Did you think of something?” 
“The person instructing Hubert is none other than Alfred. Didn’t Devin say that Baylor did something to that female doctor today? Then, that bastard went to the hospital and disappeared.” 
Mark gasped loudly as a shiver ran down his spine. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson…” 
“What is that jerk hiding from me? What does he want to do? Argh!” 
Jonathan, who had never flinched even when confronted with the most difficult challenges, was so furious that his neck flushed red. 
He looked so ferocious that it was as if he was going to devour someone. 
Mark was utterly stunned. 
This is terrifying! Is Sebastian truly the one behind everything? Neither Old Mr. Jadeson nor myself have managed to unearth this despite all these years of searching. How did he manage to find out everything in such a short span of time? 
Mark did not even know how to describe his emotions anymore. 
All he could feel was utter fear, more so than what he felt toward Jonathan. 
“Why are you still standing there?” 
“Huh?” 
“Go and look for him! Do you expect me to go personally?” bellowed Jonathan, his voice deafeningly loud.
Only then did Mark scurry away to look for Sebastian. 
If they could not find him and allowed the situation to continue, the entire nation would be in chaos. By then, the White family would definitely take action. 
After all, they had everything to lose! 
… 
Sasha found out about this incident too. 
When she was about to leave Bridgewater Estate, someone suddenly called Baylor. It was through the call that she learned about it. 
“What are you doing, you piece of shit? Who let you do that? Do you want to die?” 
It was an extremely furious voice. Even though Baylor’s phone was not on speaker mode, Sasha could still hear the loud yells from her chair. 
Baylor’s expression turned grim. 
“What did I do? Why do you want me to die?” 
“You know very well what you’ve done! I’ve already turned a blind eye to your nonsense outside. Yet, how dare you work in cahoots with Hubert and dabble in these crazy things? Who taught you that? What have you done behind my back over all these years?” 
A series of enraged shouts followed. Even from a distance, Sasha could sense how furious the person was. 
Hubert?
Baylor finally noticed that something was amiss. 
He waved his hands and beckoned the man guarding Sasha over. Covering his phone, he asked, “What happened? Why is the old man suddenly asking about Hubert?” 
“Huh?” 
The man was stunned. 
However, he soon understood what was happening. When he whipped out his phone, he realized that a lot of people had messaged him about it. 
“Mr. White, someone exposed the incident about Hubert onto the Internet.” 
“What?” The expression on Baylor’s face changed. “Onto the Internet?” 
“Yeah! Even the matter about us transplanting the microchips has been revealed.” 
With a look of terror, the man clicked on all the shocking headlines on the Internet and showed them to Baylor. 
When Baylor saw everything, he was stunned. 
Who did this? Who? Who was it! 
A look of menace crossed his face. As he stared at those headlines which exposed him, his expression became increasingly twisted. 
While watching him, Sasha continued cutting the rope tied around her wrists. 
###Chapter 869
Chapter 869
She had been at the rope for a few hours. After she was sent back the previous time, she started to cut at the rope with the tiny needle clutched in her hand. 
When she was tied up earlier on, she had secretly retrieved that needle. 
Although it could not sever the ropes as cleanly as a blade, she could use it to slowly cut the strands apart, especially since she had no weapons with her. 
Once the strands were cut, the rope would weaken and she could break free from it easily. 
Holding her breath, Sasha continued her motions. 
“Baylor White, you better pray that this scandal will die down peacefully. Otherwise, I’ll skin you alive!” 
The person on the phone warned Baylor one last time before hanging up. 
Baylor immediately smashed the phone onto the ground. 
Sasha was so surprised that the needle slipped from her fingers and pierced into her wrist. 
Inhaling sharply, she was in so much pain that sweat dotted her forehead. 
When Baylor’s subordinate heard her gasp, he immediately shot a glance at her. 
Within the blink of an eye, she regained her composure and sat there indifferently. Her hands, which were tied to the chair, remained motionless. 
Eventually, the man averted his gaze from her and looked back at Baylor.
“Mr. White, is the call from your father? W-What did he say? We concealed this matter so well, so why would it suddenly be exposed onto the Internet?” 
“Why are you asking me that?” 
Baylor immediately raised his head and glared at him, his gaze as sharp and vicious as daggers. 
The subordinate cowered, not daring to say anything else. 
It was true that there was something fishy about this. Till now, no one knew about their relationship with Hubert. 
Instead of contacting them personally, Hubert had always used an intermediary. 
How did this matter get exposed? Even the microchip scandal was revealed too. 
The subordinate was thinking about a particular suspect. 
When Baylor averted his gaze, an answer had already emerged in his mind. 
He knew very well how Hubert died, and who killed him. 
Hence, he knew better than anyone else who the culprit was. 
Sebastian Hayes! 
Furious, Baylor gritted his teeth so forcefully that he almost crushed them. 
“Mr. White?” 
“We’re leaving this place immediately!” spat Baylor viciously after a while. 
The subordinate widened his eyes. “Leave? Are you saying that…”
“He’ll soon send someone here to drag me back. Now that the White House is in chaos, the only way for him to resolve everything is to use me as the scapegoat.” 
As he spoke, he even laughed. 
Already imagining the scenario, he squeezed out a smile. At that moment, his eyes were filled with a mocking and contemptuous look. 
The subordinate was stunned. 
Without saying anything, he walked toward Sasha, who stared back at him coldly. 
She continued hiding the needle in her wrist and sat there with her hands tied, as if nothing had happened. 
“Let’s go to the airport.” 
The subordinate did not notice anything suspicious. 
He lifted her from the chair and dragged her out. 
A few minutes later, they arrived at the car park outside Bridgewater Estate. 
“Don’t worry. Even though I’ve left the White family, you will not suffer. After following me to Moranta, you’ll be fed and clothed well. I’ll give you the best of everything.” 
This is hilarious. He’s already been exiled from his family, but he’s still trying to console me. 
Staring at him, Sasha scoffed coldly. 
“I’m really curious. Weren’t you helping your family by doing all this? Why are you being abandoned right after something bad happens? Aren’t you part of the White family?”
Baylor’s face immediately paled as a look of fury crossed his eyes. 
“That’s none of your business.” 
“Of course it isn’t. I’m just telling you that even if you bring me with you, I can’t cure your illness.” 
No longer harboring any inhibitions, Sasha told him outright that there was no way he could be cured. 
Surprisingly, he was not angry. 
“It’s fine. I’m satisfied if I can be with you before I die.” 
He’s really crazy! 
Sasha remained silent while being shoved into the car. The car drove toward the airport rapidly. 
When Sasha was dragged out of the car and into the airport, the rope tying her hands was already quite loose. 
She had not given up at all on their way there. 
Just as she thought she could sever the rope completely before they boarded the plane, Baylor grabbed her wrists. 
“I can’t believe that you could cut through this rope so quickly. You’re quite determined, huh?” 
Sasha stared at her wrists, which were being raised up high by Baylor. Her mind went blank while her cheeks paled. 
###Chapter 870
Chapter 870
He knew about it! 
“You-” 
“This will be my last piece of advice to you, so listen well. There’s no way that I’ll let you escape that easily now that I’ve decided to bring you with me. If you still insist, then I’m not going to show you any mercy,” said Baylor as he inched closer to Sasha. 
At the same time, he even waved the two blue pills in his hand right in front of her. 
Blood drained from Sasha’s face at the sight of that. 
Monster! 
Finally, Sasha gave in. She sat in the VIP lounge hopelessly with her face as white as a sheet. 
Suddenly, someone in the lounge pointed in their direction and shouted, “Look, it’s Baylor White. That’s Alfred White’s son, Baylor White!” 
Sasha immediately looked up when she heard that. 
She realized then that everybody was looking at them, and they seemed pissed. 
She did not expect that they would be able to recognize Baylor just like that. 
Did the news become worse online?
At that moment, Sasha saw a glimmer of hope. She knew that she would have a chance at escaping as long as the people had Baylor surrounded. 
Thus, she shouted as loud as she could, “Yes! He’s Baylor White! Hurry up and get him!” 
At the sound of that, the people in the lounge swarmed toward Baylor all at once. 
“Catch him! Hurry!” 
“Yes! Catch that monster and send him to the White House. That way, we’ll be able to remove his father too.” 
The crowd was furious as they shouted in rage. Some even swung their fists at Baylor as though they were going to kill him at any minute. 
Perhaps they were even thinking of opening up his skull and putting in a microchip. 
It was no doubt a terrifying thing to think about. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was already getting ready to run. 
However, Baylor, who was surrounded, suddenly pulled out a gun. 
Bang! 
Then, a crisp and clear gunshot rang out. 
Instantly, everyone crouched down with their hands covering their head. 
Sasha was also stunned as she stared down at the barrel of his gun. She dared not even make a move. 
“Go ahead. Weren’t you planning on running?”
Baylor walked toward her and pressed his gun against her forehead as he grabbed her by the collar. 
Sasha cried out in pain as she was held by the neck so suddenly. 
However, that was not even the worst. 
Baylor, who was clearly beyond twisted at that point, slapped Sasha on the face when she was once again captured. 
Smack! 
Along with the clear, crisp sound of the slap, Sasha lost her footing. 
“Do you know how much courage it took me to decide to bring you away with me? I could’ve just saved myself. Yet, I’m in this mess all because of you.” 
At that moment, it seemed as though Baylor had turned into a completely different person. 
He picked Sasha up from the ground furiously and gripped her tightly. 
“Fine! Very well! Since you wish to die, I’ll make it happen!” 
Out of his mind, Baylor then dragged her out of the lounge. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had no idea what Baylor was planning at all. 
She only realized what was happening when she was tied on a chair at the waiting hall and forced to put on the fake mask she had on her earlier. 
“Let go! Let go of me! Let me go!” 
Sasha screamed at the top of her lungs as she struggled to break free.
However, her voice could no longer reach Baylor. At that point, he was consumed with rage because of the incident back in the lounge. Once Sasha was tied to the chair, he just stood in front of her and stared at her intently. 
“You’re right. I’m going to die soon. However, I’ll be happy if I could take Sebastian with me before that. To be honest, I lied. He does care a lot about you. Do you know how I ended up being pursued by the entire city? He was the one behind it, and he did it to avenge you. He exposed everything I did to destroy me and the whole White family. Macy West, you have such a good eye. You’ve found a man who is head over heels for you.” 
As soon as he finished his sentence, Baylor bent down and caressed her face. 
Specifically, the face that Sasha had just put on. 
At that moment, tears were rolling down Sasha’s face endlessly. 
Part of her was terrified about what was happening to her now, and the other part was horrified at the lunatic’s words. 
“I beg you. Just kill me.” 
“No, how could I? Macy, I’m just going to bring him to hell with me. You, on the other hand, should live a happy life. Be good and stay here. He’s going to be here any minute,” Baylor coaxed gently. 
Then, he secured the rope on her and stuffed a piece of cloth into her mouth. 
Sasha started struggling violently again and even cried through the piece of cloth in her mouth. 
Then again, everything she did was useless. Soon, the person they were expecting finally arrived. A tall, slender figure in a black shirt showed up at the lounge’s entrance. 
Sasha froze and stopped struggling.
It only took her a moment to regain her senses. Then, she quickly bent over and rubbed her face against her knees to reveal her actual face. 
He doesn’t remember this face, so he won’t come. 
###Chapter 871
Chapter 871
In reality, Baylor had not expected that the whole thing would end up like that. 
His initial thought was to use Sasha to provoke Sebastian, and he would take that chance to get rid of him. However, Sebastian was unmoved by the fake Sasha at all. 
Because of that, Baylor’s plan could no longer work. 
Not to mention how his urge to leave everything behind and go away with Sasha grew stronger after seeing her face when she was detained at Bridgewater Estate. 
Unfortunately, he had underestimated Sebastian. 
Anyone who knew Sebastian knew that he was not a generous person. Everything would be fine as long as one did not mess with him. However, if one did, the only consequence of that was death. 
Thus, Baylor had mistaken him for being indifferent when in truth, he had led himself to his own demise. 
Back at the hall, Baylor stared at Sebastian with fury in his eyes. He had ordered his men to keep themselves hidden and kill Sebastian as soon as he was in front of Sasha. 
At that moment, the air was filled with a strong sense of bloodlust. 
Meanwhile, the crowd had been anxious ever since what Baylor did a moment ago. Thus, no one dared to even try and save Sasha, who was tied to a chair. 
Sasha tried to hold in her tears.
With her mask off, she knew that all she had to do was to stay calm. Knowing how heartless Sebastian was, he would never step in to help her even though he was just right in front of her. 
After all, she was just a stranger to him at that moment. A complete and total stranger. 
Sasha drew a deep breath and suppressed the pain inside of her. She even managed to stop herself from having the urge to cry. 
As expected, as soon as she recollected herself, a commotion was heard at the entrance. Then, a familiar figure appeared through the crowd. 
“Oh my God, he’s so handsome!” 
“He is! And so poised. Is he a celebrity?” 
Sebastian’s appearance made quite a scene due to his flawless looks and overwhelming presence. 
Even Sasha glanced over when she noticed the commotion. 
She could feel her heart skip a beat when she saw that Sebastian had really come. As though her eyes had taken root on him, she could not move her gaze away from him at all. 
At that instance, she recalled what Baylor said to her. He said that Sebastian was there to get her. 
He even mentioned that Sebastian was not as unconcerned as he seemed. Instead, Sebastian had already seen through Baylor’s plans. Thus, he dealt Baylor the last blow before tracking the latter to the airport. 
This was the man she loved. 
Even though she would never have the chance to hear him call her Darling, or even see each other again, she still felt grateful.
With that thought, Sasha withdrew her gaze and lowered her head to conceal the fact that she had a piece of cloth in her mouth. 
Even so, she could hear the sounds of steady footsteps coming closer from the entrance. She could even tell that the footsteps were heading toward her. 
“Lift your head.” 
As custom-made black leather shoes appeared in front of her, Sasha heard a familiar voice coming from above her head. 
Instantly, Sasha’s mind went blank. 
Instinctively, she looked up and stared at the man in front of her wide-eyed. 
How did he… 
At the same time, Sebastian’s eyes narrowed as well. 
Even though he had already prepared himself for that, he still felt his heart skip a beat when he saw her with his own eyes. In utter shock, he froze on the spot. 
Even his expression seemed to have frozen up as wild emotions raged in his eyes. 
“You-” 
“Why did he go to that woman? Does he know her? Is he going to save her?” The two of them were staring at each other when someone from the crowd spoke up. 
Sasha immediately snapped back to her senses when she heard that. 
That’s right. What am I doing? Have I forgotten what’s happening at the moment?
As soon as Sasha regained herself, she quickly glanced around them. When she noticed that Baylor had not struck, she immediately hid the fear inside of her behind a shield of cold indifference. 
Then, she turned away and looked to the side. 
She knew that Sebastian despised being ignored the most. 
Hence, she could already see him storming out of the place because of her behavior. Not to mention how she was only a stranger to him at that point. 
Sasha clenched her fists as she waited for that to happen. 
Bang! 
All of a sudden, a gunshot was heard coming from the hall. 
Immediately, the crowd was in total chaos as screams rang out everywhere. In just a few seconds, everybody was covering their heads as they squatted down in fear. 
Meanwhile, Sasha’s face went pale. 
She quickly turned around and tried to tell Sebastian something. “Mm… Mm…” 
###Chapter 872
Chapter 872
It turned out that Sasha was trying to tell Sebastian to leave. 
She wanted him to leave immediately! 
However, not only did Sebastian ignore her, but he even came closer to her. 
“Mm…” 
He then pulled out the piece of cloth from her mouth. 
Like a fish out of water, Sasha drew in big breaths as soon as she could sense the fresh air gushing into her mouth. 
“This is the reason you cheated on me?” Sebastian asked. 
“What?” 
Sasha was dumbfounded as she looked up at him. 
At that moment, she realized that Sebastian’s handsome face seemed awfully dark. 
She clearly remembered that he was devoid of any expression just moments ago. 
She tried to think of what caused the sudden change in him. Then, it struck her. Cheat? 
Sasha was stunned at that thought. 
“I-I didn’t!” she quickly explained.
“You didn’t? How can you say that when you even went and stayed at someone else’s house? Do you think it’s only considered cheating if you get into bed with a man?” 
Sasha was surprised by Sebastian’s words as she watched him bend over to untie her. 
She was at a loss for words. 
Did I hear him correctly? Did he actually say those things? 
As though she had received a huge blow to the head, she just stared at Sebastian blankly for a while. 
Am I dreaming? 
Meanwhile, it only took Sebastian a moment to untie her. It was then that Baylor was brought over by some men. 
“Mr. Hayes, they’re all here. I’m guessing he was in a rush to get out of the country, which was why he didn’t have a lot of men with him. There was a total of four of them, including him. We accidentally killed one when we were trying to capture them, so there’s only three left,” one of the men explained apologetically to Sebastian. 
Sebastian was not bothered at all. 
As he finally untied Sasha, he went ahead and held up her chin to get a good look at the injury on her face. 
Then, he said coldly, “Send him to Alfred and tell him he’s welcome.” 
At that moment, Sebastian seemed as though he was a devil from hell. 
After all, Baylor was already being pursued by his father for the trouble he caused at the White House. Thus, there was no way Alfred would let him off easy for what he had done. Alfred would most probably
sentence Baylor to death to placate the people’s anger. 
Hence, it was clear that Sebastian was out to take his life. 
Yet, he did not want to do it himself and chose to let Baylor’s father do it instead. 
It was no doubt a ruthless plan. 
Meanwhile, Baylor had completely lost his mind. He got up from the ground and ran toward Sebastian. “Sebastian Hayes! I’ll kill you!” 
Thud! 
As soon as he said that, the man in black beside him raised his leg and kicked him. 
Immediately, Baylor fell back onto the ground with a groan. His body started twitching violently, and with his hands over his chest, he spat blood out from his mouth. 
It turned out that Baylor was really sick. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was clenching her fists together at the sight of that. Even though her professionalism as a doctor was telling her that she should not be happy about Baylor’s suffering, she still felt pleased to see him that way. 
“Baylor, do you want to know why you’re still alive? It’s because I don’t want to do anything for the Jadesons. You shouldn’t have messed with me. Do you have any idea what the consequences are for that?” said Sebastian as he squatted down and stared at Baylor. 
Baylor backed away instinctively when he met with Sebastian’s eyes.
“Didn’t Jonathan tell you anything? He didn’t tell you that I was the one behind the Jadesons deaths? And I mean all of it, including Connor drugging the soup, Charles and his family’s demise, as well as his own mysterious death.” 
All curled up on the floor, Baylor felt a shiver down his spine as an overwhelming fear surged inside of him. 
Realizing that he was all out of hope, his gaze darkened. 
He’s no doubt the devil himself! 
In the end, Sasha watched as Baylor was dragged away. However, she noticed him staring at her with bloodshot eyes even when he was far away. 
Why is he staring at me? He did this to himself. 
Thus, Sasha withdrew her gaze and turned away. She then looked up and realized that she was being glared at. 
She was a little taken aback, but she quickly got up and went over to say something. 
However, Sebastian turned and left without a word, and she could barely catch up to him. 
“Hey, why are you walking so fast? Wait for me! You still haven’t told me when you recognized me. Also, I didn’t cheat,” she explained anxiously. 
Even so, Sebastian was unbothered. It was as though he had finally found a place to vent his frustration after so many days. Thus, there was no way he would let her off the hook that easily. 
Over at Jonathan’s, he was surprised to hear that Baylor had been captured. 
“Where did they catch him?” he asked.
“The airport. I heard that Mr. Sebastian was there too,” added Mark as sweat trickled down his forehead. 
###Chapter 873
Chapter 873
Right after that, Jonathan took out his anger on the items on the table and swept everything to the floor. 
That b*stard! He’s only making things a thousand times more complicated. Alfred’s not a fool. Sooner or later, he will know everything after investigating the whole incident. The result would be a war breaking out between our families! 
Judging by the look of things, the Jadesons would not be in peace for quite some time. 
Anger stirred within Jonathan and caused his expression to turn grim. 
Sebastian didn’t come home after what had happened, as he had plans to return to the military base for training. Thinking of that, it immediately roused Jonathan’s anger once more. 
Before Jonathan could say anything, his body fell stiffly to the ground. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson! Old Mr. Jadeson!” 
In an instant, Oceanic Estate erupted into chaos after he collapsed. 
On the other side of things, Sasha was unable to think straight after she found out about Sebastian’s plan. 
He’s returning to the military base? But what about me? Is he really going to leave me behind like that? He just recognized me, so he must have made arrangements for me and our daughter, right? 
When she finally arrived at the military base, Sasha could no longer contain herself and stopped Sebastian directly.
“Wait! You can’t leave just like that. Shouldn’t you tell me what’s your arrangement for me before returning to the military? I can’t be going to Oceanic Estate alone, right?” Sasha abruptly grabbed his hand and asked anxiously. 
“Oceanic Estate? Why are you going there for?” 
Hearing her question, Sebastian stopped. Then, he turned to look at his hand, which was grasped by Sasha, with a displeased expression. 
Sasha widened her eyes in disbelief and asked again, “Where else should I go? Are you not going to settle me down?” 
He didn’t know my identity before, so it’s natural for me to arrange everything myself. Things are different now, as he’s aware of who I really am. Shouldn’t he make some arrangements for us before leaving? 
These thoughts occurred to Sasha while she was waiting patiently for his reply. 
Seeing the irritated look on his face, Sasha’s heart sank. 
“I haven’t thought about it. Has Jonathan seen you yet?” he said coldly. 
When she remained silent, he continued, “My actions earlier have goaded the Jadesons and the White family into a fight by fanning the flames between them. Because of that, it’s not a good idea to keep people around me. Furthermore, we have two children now. To be safe, you shouldn’t reveal your identity if no one has ever seen you before.” 
Sebastian regained his composure as he analyzed the situation carefully in the car. 
After hearing what he said, Sasha felt like a bucket of ice water had been dumped over her head, freezing her from head to toe. In an instant, all hope and expectations left her.
Why is he talking to me as if he’s talking to a business partner? I’m his wife, after all. He uses the same tone when he talks to Karl or Calvin too. 
Right away, Sasha’s face drained of blood. 
“Can I ask you something?” 
“Yes?” 
“Do you know who I am?” Sasha asked bitterly. 
The second Sebastian heard her voice, he swiveled around to look at her. 
Sebastian stared at her with an indescribable expression. Meanwhile, Sasha tried to avoid meeting his eyes, but she could still feel his gaze fixed on her for at least five seconds. 
“What are you trying to say?” he finally voiced. 
“Nothing. Did you find out about my real identity a long time ago? I’ve revealed my face, but you weren’t the slightest bit shocked when you saw me for the first time.” 
This question had been lingering in Sasha’s mind for a very long time. After asking that, she clenched her fingers nervously. 
Sebastian retracted his gaze shortly after that. 
In actuality, Sebastian knew a long time ago, but he couldn’t be bothered to debunk her back then. Not only that, but even Devin was able to recognize Sasha. Naturally, it wasn’t difficult for Sebastian to figure out Sasha’s real identity since the two of them always spent time together. 
Sebastian responded impassively, “Not really. I didn’t know about it before the birth of our children.”
Who would’ve thought that my children would be the ones exposing my identity? 
Sasha stared at the man in front of her with mixed emotions. 
Inwardly, she felt happy that he could recognize her at first sight, but at the same time, she felt slightly disappointed, as she didn’t feel any affection from him at all. 
Even though Sebastian knew my identity, I didn’t feel the slightest bit of love from him. What’s wrong with our relationship? 
Sasha shut her eyes in despair before taking a deep breath. Then, she directed her gaze toward Sebastian and asked, “Can I kiss you?” 
“What?” 
Sebastian’s expression changed abruptly, and he instinctively backed away from her. 
###Chapter 874
Chapter 874
His actions immediately shattered all Sasha’s hopes into pieces. She hung her head low, trying to withhold her tears. Nonetheless, they began to roll down her cheeks uncontrollably. 
Concurrently, Sebastian’s grip on the steering wheel tightened. 
The truth was, he really did subconsciously feel resistant toward her. 
After Sebastian was diagnosed with multiple personality disorder, Sasha’s face was the only face he could remember. 
Thus, he slowly accepted the fact that Sasha was his supposedly dead wife. 
However, it didn’t change anything. He had no memories of his time with his children and her. Thus, although he was a husband and father to his family, he couldn’t treat them as affectionately as he used to. 
Just like that, he watched Sasha get off the car. 
Sasha was trying very hard to control her overwhelming emotions, not wanting him to see her devastation. 
Yet, she could no longer contain herself when she saw his rejection of her. Soon after Sebastian started the car engine to leave, she lost it. 
She broke down completely, hugging her knees as she squatted on the side of the road. 
Screech!
Witnessing that, Sebastian hurriedly slammed on the brakes. 
That sudden scene caught him off guard, and his heart clenched painfully. He couldn’t bear to leave her in such a state. 
Hence, he exited the car and approached Sasha from behind. 
In my memories, Sasha died tragically on the highway. Of course, I was stupefied to see her too at first. She’s a fragile girl. It’s hard to imagine what she must have gone through to return here and come back to me. 
Sebastian lowered his gaze to look at Sasha, who was sobbing pitifully. He murmured, “Don’t cry. I’ll bring you to Oceanic Estate.” 
Upon hearing his voice, Sasha felt like a sliver of light was shining on her originally dark world. 
She stopped weeping and turned around with a quizzical look on her tear-stained face. 
“W-What did you say?” Sasha glanced at Sebastian through her teary eyes, needing confirmation as she thought she had heard him wrong. 
His lips parted as though he wanted to say something. Nevertheless, he promptly shut his mouth and bent down to pick Sasha up from the ground. 
Before Sasha could react, she was lifted and pulled into his warm embrace, and it felt like a dream to her. 
Just like that, Sasha was brought back to Oceanic Estate. 
This time, Sebastian didn’t ask her to hide behind Macy’s mask or identity anymore.
Meanwhile, Jonathan was still burning with rage. As he heard about Sebastian’s return, he rushed out of his study room furiously. 
“Sebastian, you – who is this?” 
He lashed out at Sebastian and stopped mid-sentence when he saw Sasha in the hall. 
His eyes almost popped out of their sockets as he looked at Sasha in total surprise. 
Undeniably, Jonathan knew who Sasha was, as he had privately investigated Sebastian’s background thoroughly, including his wife. 
Standing there, Sasha looked panicked as she wondered how she was going to explain things. 
“This is Sasha Wand. I’ve found her. From now on, she’ll be staying here.” 
Sebastian grabbed her hand and introduced her to Jonathan. 
His action warmed Sasha’s heart entirely. She had never once expected him to make such a sweet move. 
She lowered her head while tears began to well up in her eyes. At that moment, Sasha felt nothing but bliss as the two of them held hands. 
I shouldn’t blame Sebastian. Instead, I should be grateful that he could remember my face even after being diagnosed with the disorder. After all, he merely remembers the others’ names but not their faces. Besides, he’s now protecting me even though he doesn’t have memories of me. I’ve been asking for too much. I need to have faith in our relationship. We’ll be all right. 
Upon hearing what Sebastian said, Jonathan widened his eyes in shock.
“Sasha Wand? Impossible! I witnessed how she fell from that towering highway with my own eyes. There was no way she could have survived that!” replied Jonathan in a perplexed tone. 
“Are you not happy that she’s still alive?” 
Sebastian’s expression darkened after he heard Jonathan’s words. 
Trembling with rage, Jonathan denied it, “Did I say that I’m unhappy? You b*stard! I’m only surprised to see her here!” 
“I was fortunate enough to fall on a truck that was coincidently passing by at that time. However, I was unable to walk for nearly half a year. I was lucky enough to come back from the brink of death,” Sasha swiftly explained to ease the tension in the air. 
Just as her words fell, Jonathan and Mark glared at her with an appalled look. 
Macy West? 
###Chapter 875
Chapter 875
Just like that, Sasha stayed on at Oceanic Estate. In fact, she even stayed in her old room. 
In the meantime, Sebastian returned to the military base to complete his three-month training program. For some reason, Jonathan actually did not oppose this. 
“Send this little girl to Opal Garden Academy too.” 
On their second day, Sasha was leading Vivian downstairs when they ran into Jonathan. 
He stared at the little girl briefly before taking the initiative. 
Sasha was dumbfounded to hear that. 
When she saw the gentleness in his wizened eyes, she finally nodded and nudged her daughter toward him while holding back the tears that were brimming in her eyes. 
“Vivi, you can go to school with your brothers.” 
“All right!” 
Vivian could hardly wait. 
In fact, she was so happy that she immediately loosened herself from Sasha’s grip and sped toward Jonathan. 
“Great-grandpa, Vivi is willing to go to school with the boys!”
She ran up to Jonathan and looked up at him with her plump little face. Meanwhile, she placed her soft little hands onto his rough and wide palms. 
Jonathan could feel his tears welling up again. 
To be honest, he wanted nothing more than to give himself two hard slaps! 
This child is my great-granddaughter! How could I be so blind? How is it possible that I did not recognize her? 
He bent down and picked up the little girl. 
“All right, Great-grandpa will send you to school together with them.” 
“Yay, we can go to school together!” 
The other two boys saw the scene and began clapping excitedly too. 
Finally, we don’t have to bring Vivi to school secretly! 
Therefore, Jonathan personally sent the three children to school that morning. This was mostly because he enjoyed spending time with them. 
And if Sasha guessed correctly, the other reason was to settle Vivian’s school admission process. 
The children were in school and Sebastian was not around. Suddenly, Sasha found herself quite free. Hence, she went to the living room to see if the housemaids needed help. 
“Madam, you can’t be doing this! Put it down please. I’ll handle it.” 
“Oh yes, Madam! Just go there and sit down. Leave these house chores to us.”
All the maids rejected her when she wanted to help them with the chores. They just wanted her to rest and not fight them for their work. 
Helplessly, Sasha had no choice but to return to her room. 
Fortunately, Devin came over at this moment. 
He had heard that she had returned to Oceanic Estate with her real identity. It was only then that he finally found out that the person in the hospital was an imposter. He was so surprised and happy that he had wanted to come over the day before. 
However, Jonathan had asked him to do something at the last minute. 
That took up the time between yesterday and today. 
“You really got rid of that face! So, what’s happening here now? Does Sebastian know who you are now? Also, what did Grandpa say?” 
When he arrived and saw Sasha’s face, he was taken aback slightly before peppering her with anxious questions. 
Sasha smiled. 
After all that had happened, she stopped being suspicious of his intentions toward them. She no longer wished to harp on the past. 
“He knows, but he doesn’t have our shared memories. He doesn’t remember either the children or Sab.” 
“Oh?” 
Devin’s heart sank when he heard her.
He doesn’t even remember her? Oh no! 
He grew so sorrowful again that his initial excitement was diminished too. 
“So what now? When will he remember everything? If even your appearance failed to jog his memory, is there even any more hope?” he asked despondently. 
On the other hand, Sasha was extremely calm. 
She turned to pour him a glass of water before she continued, “Of course there is hope. Didn’t you notice? Even though he doesn’t remember anything about me, he has been protecting me subconsciously.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“He singlehanded planned the whole thing with Baylor in order to save me.” 
Sasha looked down as she watched the hot steam rise from the glass. The thought of the scene at the airport brought an involuntary smile to her face again. 
Devin immediately widened his eyes. 
Did Sebastian really plan all that? That’s honestly quite frightening! He has been holed up in training for more than a month. How did he know that she was already in touch with Baylor? Especially since I remember Grandpa cut him off from all forms of communication. 
He shuddered again at the thought. 
However, this was not the most important thing. The most frightening thing was when he suddenly recalled the incident that Sebastian had revealed.
Implanting microchips in people’s brains! The fact that they managed to dig out Baylor’s involvement with Hubert sent shock waves across the nation! How did he do that? 
How did he get his hands on something so secretive? 
###Chapter 876
Chapter 876
Devin clenched his fists. This was the first time he realized how useless and weak he looked in front of Sebastian. 
“What are you thinking about, Devin?” Sasha asked him out of concern when she noticed that there was something off about him. 
He was stunned before he recovered and replied, “Nothing. It’s just that I’m more relaxed now that you’ve said that. However, if he really is behind this, we won’t have smooth-sailing days ahead.” 
Then, he took the initiative to help her analyze the upcoming situation for the Jadesons. 
Worry was written all over Sasha’s face when she heard that. 
“What should we do? Will he be all right?” 
“He’ll be fine, so don’t worry. No matter what happens, we still have Grandpa. Otherwise, Sebastian wouldn’t have returned to the army.” 
This was rather strange. 
It was as if he had returned to the army not for training, but as a hiding spot after getting into trouble. After that, he left a mess for the old man to pick up after him. 
Sigh! 
Sasha did not know what to say now about her man’s behavior.
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll take my leave first. It’s best that you don’t go anywhere for the time being. It’s not very peaceful out there, so you should just stay put here at Oceanic Estate.” 
“Okay,” Sasha agreed. 
Then, he left. 
… 
There was some sense to Devin’s reminder. 
It was all doom and gloom in the White House since Baylor was brought back. The murderous air that blanketed the building was enough to suffocate anyone. 
“Officer Stevens, is Mr. Baylor not out yet?” 
“Not yet.” 
The police officer that was guarding the door shook his head solemnly when he saw Elizabeth coming again. 
When she saw him shaking his head, huge tears began falling from her bloodshot eyes. She had not slept for an entire night. 
“How long does he want to shut him up for? He’s still ill! He won’t be able to withstand this for much longer,” she cried. 
Nobody paid her any attention. 
At this very moment, even the police officer that had spoken to her earlier began to ignore her with a frown on his face.
illness? Who cares about his illness now? 
She ran away sobbing. 
A few minutes later, a bespectacled middle-aged man walked up to them. He looked very elegant. 
“Good morning, Mr. Clint!” 
When the police officer saw him, he immediately gave the latter a proper military salute. 
Horton nodded and asked, “How is he? Did he finally speak?” 
The police officer’s face immediately fell. “No, he didn’t. Sir, are we really keeping him locked up? I’m afraid that he’s physically too weak for this. He’s already fainted twice last night.” 
This officer had served the White House for a long time. Hence, he did care for Baylor. 
However, Horton merely sighed. 
“What can we do? He’s already messed things up so badly at the White House. Don’t you see the fights going on with the Cabinet Council? If there’s no proper explanation for this matter, our president will not be able to justify himself.” 
Clearly, he was referring to Alfred White, the president of this palace. 
The officer had no choice but to fall silent. 
Horton opened the door, only to be met with a chaotic room. His eyes soon fell on the man who was curled up in a fetal position on the floor. 
While he looked completely fine, his eyes that were staring blankly out of the windows looked completely dead.
“Baylor, you must be hungry. Here, I’ve brought you some breakfast.” 
Horton walked over and handed him the bread and milk in his hands. 
He was ignored. 
After being tortured for an entire night, it was as if Baylor could not hear nor see anything anymore. 
Horton was silent before he sighed. 
He had no choice but to put the things aside before pulling up the chair and sitting in front of the prone man. 
“Baylor, it’s no use for you to keep quiet. It’s so messy out there that even the regular folk have come to protest in front of the White House. What can you solve by keeping quiet?” 
“What do I say?” 
He did not expect to elicit a response from the young man with those words. 
However, there was a deep sense of sarcasm in his husky voice. 
Horton was taken aback. “Of course, you should be talking about the microchips that you implanted in people. How many of these spies have you made? And who did you place these people with? You have to tell us all these things!” 
“And after that?” 
“After that, you will need to get rid of them quickly, of course. Baylor, do you still not realize the gravity of the situation? If your father is unable to calm down the others, more dirt on him will be uncovered. He could even get sued! Do you get it?”
Horton was so worried that he brought up the serious consequences of the matter. He hoped that Baylor could understand what he was trying to say and do something about it. 
However, all Baylor did was laugh. 
###Chapter 877
Chapter 877
His head was bowed as he laughed, his husky chortles sounding as sharp as a knife. 
“So, he’s just protecting himself after all?” 
“You…” 
“Horton Clint, listen up. If he really wants to know everything, he should come and see me personally. Not like now, when all he does is send a few dogs like you to come and tempt or force me. You get me?” 
Baylor had clearly lost all patience, his disdain and disinterest obvious in his eyes. 
Horton immediately turned stony-faced. 
How dare this kid call me a dog? 
He shot up and snapped, “Baylor, watch your words! I’m just here to offer you a word of advice since I watched you grow up. How dare you say those things to me? Do you know what it means if your father were to come here?” 
Baylor sniggered but offered no response. 
What would it mean? 
Death, of course! 
However, he keeps sending these watchdogs to talk to me. Does that mean I won’t have to die if I confess?
This was all a huge joke to Baylor. 
Horton eventually left angrily. Two hours later, due to the commotion both in and out of the White House, Alfred had no choice but to make a personal appearance. 
He looked very cultured and noble indeed. 
However, his domineering aura was clear for all to see under his pleasant smile. This sent shivers down everyone’s backs, even as respect for the man welled up. 
This was the air of a leader! 
“I’m here now. Spill it.” 
He walked in and immediately glared coldly at his son, who was still huddled in a corner. 
Baylor moved slightly and slowly opened his eyes. 
In truth, he was approaching his physical limits. He was already terminally ill, so how could he endure a whole night of torture? 
He took a good look at his father who had finally appeared. With a slight twitch of his lips, he mustered every bit of his energy to prop himself up. 
“Finally, you’ve relented and decided to come here?” 
There was a hint of displeasure in his eyes which infuriated Alfred further. 
“Stop stalling and start talking!” 
Baylor laughed. However, he did not sustain that for long because doing so irritated that injured organ within him.
He closed his eyes and forced the bitter feeling back down his throat. 
“All right, let me tell you the truth. All that I have done was in accordance with your intentions.” 
“What are you talking about? My intentions?” 
“Oh yes, have you forgotten? I’m the pawn that you arranged secretly in order to reduce the power of the Jadesons. From the forceful cut of their power to the microchips today, aren’t all these your ideas?” 
As if he were possessed, he sat staring at his father and suddenly laughed as he said those blood- curdling words. 
Alfred felt like he had been struck by lightning. 
This was his best-kept secret. In his bid to get rid of the Jadesons, he had never brought this up to anybody all these years. He had thought that this was the perfect plan with no loopholes at all. 
However, he did not expect Baylor to tell him that he was the one who had completed all the tasks that he had set out all these years. 
Alfred could not believe what he had heard. 
“I don’t understand what you’re talking about.” 
“You don’t understand me? Fine, I’ll explain it to you again.” 
Baylor was not angry at all. His father’s disbelief led him to explain everything from the beginning again. 
“The person you always look for is in a bistro. While it looks like a bistro, it’s actually a location where you carry out your plans. He likes to wear white shirts and paint while drinking coffee. In his leisure, he analyzes the relationships between the Jadesons. Am I right?”
He continued, “He has completed many tasks on your behalf, and the people that have helped him complete these tasks are men in black that have never revealed their faces. When they come to see him, they merely await his instructions behind a curtain, right? However, he never knew that the supposed men in black were just one person at the end of the day.” 
Suddenly, he showed his father his hand. 
Alfred was taken aback once again when he saw those pale and slender fingers. 
Suddenly, Baylor touched his left pinky with his right hand. 
Before Alfred could even react, he heard a crack. Baylor had broken his own pinky finger. 
“What are you doing? Are you mad?” 
His face changed as he dashed toward his son in surprise and anger. 
“Don’t worry, this is fake. My finger was cut off at the bistro a long time ago for failing a mission.” 
The pale-faced Baylor finally smiled. 
###Chapter 878
Chapter 878
Even he did not know if he was smiling because he saw that hint of worry on his father’s face or because he had managed to prank somebody. 
The smile stayed on his lips while his amber eyes were filled with amusement. 
Alfred’s face fell. 
He stared at the finger while a storm brewed within his chest. There was no way he would admit that he was trembling as his chest heaved wildly. 
A wide chasm yawned between the father and son. 
From the moment he stepped into this career, and when his son contracted the terminal illness, their relationship had already begun to deteriorate. 
“I know that you’ve been secretly providing for my half-brother all this time. He is healthy and is also very intelligent. I also know that my mother has been very cruel and has done many wrong things. However, can you make sure my mother is well taken care of after my death? After all, I’ve already done so much for you.” 
This was all that Baylor asked of his father right before he fell to the ground. 
Alfred dashed to him. 
He was practically on his knees as he hugged Baylor in his arms with reddened eyes. “Don’t talk anymore! I’ll bring you to the doctor immediately.”
At last, he was feeling regret as he picked his son up in a bid to look for a doctor. 
However, it was already too late. 
Baylor’s vision was already blurry when he mumbled softly, “I-I followed your instruction to make only one microchip person. However, it was that idiot Hubert who made a mistake… Sebastian… it was all his fault. You have to watch out for him. If you want to take down the Jadesons, you have to… get rid of him first…” 
Those were his last words to Alfred. 
Then, his hand went limp as his head fell into Alfred’s arms. It was as if he was a little boy falling asleep in his father’s arms again. 
Alfred trembled violently. 
This was not the ending that he had expected at all. 
He had never quite liked this son since he was born. This was because he was unhappy in his marriage and also because of Baylor’s mother’s excessive love for him. 
For Baylor, he had nothing but stern words and icy glares. 
Therefore, his first reaction was to assume a father’s role no matter the situation. 
He would save his son if he was about to die. 
He would teach him a lesson if he caused trouble. On top of that, he expected his son to bear the consequences as well. 
However, he had never expected his child to have done so much for him despite his disregard for him. His son had done so much to the extent of injuring himself and even losing his life.
Alfred tightened his embrace around Baylor. 
Horton heard silence in the room when he came by again. Gleefully, he thought that the matter was already settled, so he immediately pushed the door open. 
“Sir…” 
Before any more words could leave his lips, he suddenly saw Alfred on his knees while hugging Baylor tightly. 
His face fell and he could not utter another word. 
A brief moment later, a ray of sunlight shone into the room and fell on the father and son. 
“Tell them that my son has already committed suicide out of guilt.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
“Also, investigate Jonathan’s bastard grandson. From now on, we won’t do things from the shadows anymore. The White House’s first target is to ensure that the Jadesons are completely wiped out from Jadeborough!” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Horton was delighted as he agreed. He then went off to make the announcement immediately. 
Many people disliked the Jadesons here at Jadeborough. They had hogged the position as the top family for way too long. It was time for some changes. 
Everyone seemed to sense this as well. 
…
Sasha had been obedient and remained at Oceanic Estate the whole time. 
When Jonathan returned in the afternoon, she saw that he looked grim and could sense his gloom even from a distance away. 
What happened? 
She was reading a medical book in the garden while having an online discussion with the psychology professor from Jetroina. 
When she noticed Jonathan’s countenance, she closed her book. 
However, the two men did not stop at the garden. Instead, they headed directly to Jonathan’s study. 
Sasha did not call out for them. After sitting there for a while, she picked up her book and headed upstairs to rest. 
A few minutes later, she sat comfortably on the couch to send out some text messages. 
Sasha: Darling, what are you doing? Let me give you a little tip. If your training is tiring you out, you can lie down and stretch your limbs out in opposite directions. It’s really quite comfortable. 
She munched on her apple while recounting what she had learned from the medical book earlier. 
However, she had not attempted that pose before. 
Seeing that he had not replied to her yet, she put down her phone to grab a cup of coffee. 
When she came back, she saw a reply from him. 
Darling: What kind of nonsense are you reading again? 
###Chapter 879
Chapter 879
Sasha was confused. 
What nonsense? I read about this in a medical book! 
Sasha immediately picked up the book and was about to take a picture to prove that she was not reading nonsense. 
However… 
Stretch your limbs out in the opposite direction? 
She widened her eyes and realized that she had typed wrongly. Her face immediately burned with embarrassment. 
Sasha: Oops, sorry Darling. What I meant was that you should stretch your right arm out when you place your right leg to your left. 
Darling: … 
After that, he did not bother sending her any more messages. 
Sasha could not help but smack her own head. 
How could I be so dumb? All I had to do was copy it word for word! 
She had no choice but to put down her phone and busy herself with something else.
However, another WhatsApp message popped up on her phone at that moment. It was a message from Devin. 
Devin: Sasha, did you see the news? Baylor committed suicide. 
Sasha: What are you talking about? Suicide? 
She was utterly dumbstruck. 
For the past few days, she had been awaiting the outcome of that matter and had even attempted to find out some information from the White House. She was so afraid to receive bad news about Sebastian. 
However, this was not the outcome that she was waiting for. 
It was only when she logged online that she finally realized that it was the truth. She had not been online at all recently, so she did not know that the huge commotion over the microchipped person had finally died down. 
In its place was the scandal about the White House president’s son committing suicide out of guilt! 
This was such an explosive piece of news it nearly broke the Internet. 
Devin: To commit suicide out of guilt is the best way for Alfred to handle this matter. His son’s death marks the end of the matter, and his crisis is now over. 
Baylor’s face appeared in her mind, but she did not know what to say. 
He still died in the end, and in the hands of his own father. 
He has done so much for his father, only to be abandoned in the end. Did he think about that before he died?
Sasha fell silent for a long time before she began sending messages again. 
Sasha: Will Alfred begin to target the Jadesons now? 
Alfred: He will definitely not let this go easily. However, he must be greatly affected by this, so he should not be doing anything for now. 
Sasha: That’s good to know. 
She heaved a long sigh of relief. They still had time to prepare as long as the White family did not fight back ferociously. 
Sebastian should still be safe at the military base as well. 
Instead of telling Sebastian about this, she contacted Karl first. 
She decided to tell him about it so that he would come over immediately. After all, he was family, and they could do with some help from him. 
“Madam, Old Mr. Jadeson would like to see you downstairs please.” 
“Oh?” 
Sasha was just about to send Karl a message when she looked up to see a servant speaking to her. 
Jonathan is looking for me? What for? Could it be… 
She suddenly thought of his stony face before she had come upstairs. Instantly, her heart clenched as she left her room. 
“Okay, I’ll be right over.” 
She then headed downstairs.
Indeed, when she went downstairs, Jonathan was already seated in the living room. 
However, she saw another person next to him. 
“Come here Sasha. I’ve something to say to you.” 
Jonathan beckoned her over after he saw her. 
Since she returned with her true identity, he had been quite good to her. He no longer treated her like an outsider. 
Sasha walked up to him. 
“This is your Aunt Janice. Since they heard of your return, the family would like to have a meal with you to get to know each other. Of course, this includes the children as well. What do you think?” Jonathan asked her opinion while pointing at the unfamiliar woman standing in front of her. 
Oh? 
Sasha was taken aback again. 
Have a meal? 
She had never thought about it. She had yet to consider the Jadesons as her family, and she believed that Sebastian felt the same way. 
If so, why bother making an announcement? 
Sasha smiled tactfully. “This may not be a good idea during a time like this. I’m not sure if you’ve heard but the news broke today about Baylor’s suicide.” 
Jonathan’s face fell. “You know about it?”
Sasha nodded. “Yes, Devin just told me about it. Therefore, I think it’s better for us to keep a low profile for now.” 
“Sasha, this is where you’re mistaken. This is just a family meal. It’s not like we’re boasting to the public. Don’t worry about these.” 
###Chapter 880
Chapter 880
Before Jonathan even said anything, the woman who was standing beside him spoke up. 
Having heard Janice Durant’s voice, Sasha glanced at her. 
Janice appeared to be around forty years old. She had porcelain skin and was dressed up elegantly. At that moment, she was looking at Sasha with a gentle smile on her face. 
Sasha did not know what to say. Aunt Janice? When did such a person appear among the Jadesons? Also, she doesn’t look like an arrogant person like Jasmine. 
“Yes. Janice’s right. It has nothing to do with the Jadesons. Don’t worry about that. Just bring the children over tomorrow,” Jonathan said. 
He was insufferably arrogant as usual, as if other people did not exist. 
Sasha knew that she could not reject them anymore. She could only leave with Janice. 
“I heard that you were coming back. Everyone was delighted at the news. That’s why they suggested holding a reception party for you, and I volunteered to help you.” 
When both of them left Oceanic Estate, Janice explained to Sasha in a gentle voice. 
The latter glanced at her several times. 
Ever since Sasha came back, she had met many women around Janice’s age, including Jasmine, Candice, and also Yancy.
However, Sasha knew that all of them were scheming women. Although they looked friendly on the outside, they were secretly plotting to destroy her. 
Yet, Janice seemed to be different. 
After Sasha and Janice left Oceanic Estate, they went to the most bustling area of the city and found a high-end store that specialized in customized gowns. 
“Niece-in-law, this is the best boutique in town. Which kind of design do you like?” 
“Me?” Sasha was stunned. 
She came to the realization that Janice had brought her there to customize a gown. Is this necessary? It’s just a dinner party. 
Sasha looked at all the dresses in the store and said, “I don’t think this is necessary. We’re just going to have dinner together.” 
“No, it’s a must. Dad ordered me to do this. Just accept it with an open heart. After so many years, this is the first time I’ve seen him be so meticulous over something,” Janice persuaded solemnly. 
Sasha pursed her lips and kept quiet. 
After buying a gown, Janice brought Sasha to buy some jewelry in a jewelry store. The older woman chose all the best ones for her. All the passersby were casting envious glances at Sasha, including Janice, who was coincidentally shopping there. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, isn’t that the branch descendant of the Jadesons? How did she suddenly become so rich? She’s buying such expensive jewelry for that other woman.” 
“That’s right. Mrs. Jadeson, you’ve never experienced that before, have you?”
All the wives of the various prominent families around Jasmine started asking her about Janice. 
When Jasmine heard all their comments, her face darkened. 
Some time ago, Devin had gotten her out of jail after the poisoning incident. Ever since then, she had obediently stayed in Red Pavilion and had not gone out in a while. 
Today was the first time she mustered up the courage to go out with several wives of other wealthy families. Unfortunately, they had witnessed that scene. 
Jasmine was staring at Janice and Sasha. Who’s that young woman? She must be Sebastian’s newly wedded wife. The news has spread widely among the Jadesons. Now, everyone knows that she’s not dead. I can’t believe she has returned here. But why is Janice Durant the one buying her jewelry and gown? 
Jasmine was beyond jealous. 
In her opinion, Janice was not qualified to greet and take care of the granddaughter-in-law of the Jadesons. I should be the one doing that! 
“Mrs. Jadeson?” 
“I’ve got something to do. All of you carry on. I’ll go first.” 
Jasmine turned around and left, leaving all the other women befuddled. 
In the jewelry store, Janice and Sasha had not seen Jasmine. They left the shopping mall after they were done with their purchases. 
“Niece-in-law-”
“Just call me Sasha,” Sasha interrupted Janice. 
Janice was taken aback for a moment. 
Shortly after, she smiled and said, “All right. Sasha, shall we go home now?” 
Sasha shook her head and said, “No. It’s time to pick the children up from school. I have to go now.” 
“Okay. I’ll have to drop by Chartreuse Heritage Kitchen to order some dishes for tomorrow. Take care of yourself, Sasha,” Janice reminded before she left. 
As she nagged, she reminded Sasha of Wendy. 
Later, Sasha drove toward Opal Garden Academy. 
It was the first time she went to the school. Before that, although she knew that her sons were studying there, she had not dared to make an appearance because her identity had still been hidden. 
###Chapter 881
Chapter 881
I wonder what the most high-end academy in Jadeborough looks like. 
Sasha finally arrived at Opal Garden Academy. 
“Madam, why are you here?” 
“Huh?” 
Upon getting out of the car, two security guards came to greet Sasha. The latter was stunned for several seconds. The old man is protecting the children to this extent? 
Sasha’s heart warmed at the thought. 
“I was outside and figured it was time to pick the kids up, so I came.” 
“I see. Madam, please go in.” 
Upon hearing that, one of the security guards handed her the admission card to enter the school. 
Sasha took the card and went in. 
When she stepped into the school, she immediately noticed the difference between it and the school which her sons attended back in Avenport. In front of her were several ancient buildings. Many kids in school uniforms were roaming around the area. If it were not for that, she would have thought that it was a scenic spot instead of a school. 
“Hello. Are you one of the parents?”
“Yes. I have three children studying here. These are their classes.” 
Sasha quickly showed the admission card to the teacher who had just stopped her. 
The teacher took over the card. 
Upon seeing Ian’s name, her eyes brightened. 
Her expression remained the same when she saw the second card, which was Matteo’s. 
However, when she saw the third card, her face darkened. 
“You’re Vivian Hayes’ mother?” 
“Huh? Yes.” 
Sasha was feeling anxious when she noticed the hint of anger on the teacher’s face. Did Vivi do something wrong? 
“Vivian just transferred here today. She’s not considered an outstanding student, so why did she go to Rocket Class? The class teacher was complaining about her the whole day,” the teacher complained in dissatisfaction. 
Sasha was stumped upon hearing that. Rocket Class? I don’t know anything about this. Their great- grandpa sent them to school this morning. How would I know she would end up in that class? 
Sasha was embarrassed yet angry. “I’m sorry, Miss. I didn’t send the kids here this morning, so I don’t know anything about this.” 
“If you don’t know anything, then why did you send them here? Do you think this is an ordinary school? All the students are enrolled here because they’re truly capable!”
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
She stood there blankly for a long time as she did not know how to respond. 
Right at that moment, a girl came rushing toward them. “Teacher! Vivian Hayes is crying again. She doesn’t want to do the homework and only wants to go home.” 
Sasha could not believe her ears. The kid was complaining about Vivian to the teacher. 
Feeling anxious, Sasha went after the girl and the teacher to the classroom. 
Before they even entered the classroom, she could already hear Vivian wailing inside. 
“I don’t want to do it. I don’t! My hand hurts! I want to go home! I want my brothers…” 
Everyone inside and outside the room could clearly hear her cries. 
What a little brat. 
Sasha ran toward Vivian after she stepped into the classroom. 
She knew well that the latter was not as outstanding as her brothers. Ian and Matteo had been highly intelligent and talented since they were young. I wonder if they’ve spoiled her all these years? Or maybe she was injured when the doctors rescued her after her premature birth? 
Either way, Vivian was not as quick-witted as her brothers. 
Seeing her crying her eyes out, Sasha felt distressed. 
“Vivi…” 
“Mommy! Mommy!”
Upon seeing her mother, Vivian threw away the pencil in her hand and lunged toward Sasha. 
The latter could only hold Vivian in her arms. 
When the teacher saw that, she took the test paper from Vivian’s table while staring at the mother and daughter disdainfully. 
“Madam, look at her work. She can’t even solve such simple questions. Also, she doesn’t want to do her work and keeps crying. How are we supposed to keep her?” 
The teacher slammed the test paper on the table in front of Sasha. 
Their school did not prioritize power or wealth. Hence, the teacher did not care about Sasha’s social status. 
The latter hurriedly picked up the test paper to read the questions. After you crack an egg and separate the yolk from the white, crack another one into the same bowl before separating the yolk again. How do you tell that there are two different eggs in there? 
Sasha was speechless. 
She continued reading. Half of a matchstick is burned. Then, half of another matchstick is burned again. How many matchsticks are left? 
Sasha was even more puzzled. What nonsense is this? 
###Chapter 882
Chapter 882
Sasha gasped in shock when she realized that she could not answer those questions. Gosh. Is this even a test paper for a first grader? Who made this? These questions don’t even make sense. Are they being serious? 
Sasha was in disbelief. 
However, when the teacher noticed her expression, she asked in a mocking tone, “Madam, please don’t tell me that you can’t answer the questions as well.” 
Hurriedly shaking her head, Sasha then replied, “No. Of course, I can answer them, but I’m just curious. Are first graders supposed to be learning such a difficult syllabus nowadays?” 
Clearly, she was lying, but she did not want to embarrass herself. 
However, the teacher snorted and questioned, “Are these difficult? These are the easiest questions in this school.” 
Sasha did not know what to say. 
“You can stay here while she’s doing the work. If she can’t finish the test paper today, she won’t be allowed to attend this school anymore. No matter who you are, the school won’t tolerate incapable students.” 
When she finished speaking, the teacher walked off grouchily. 
Sasha was stunned and at a loss. Finish the test paper? Vivi’s about to lose her mind just looking at a couple of the questions. How’s she going to complete the entire paper?
Initially, she wanted to ask her sons for help, but since the teacher had found out that the children were triplets, Ian and Matteo were not allowed to enter Vivian’s class. 
Sasha continued pondering what to do. 
As she looked at the questions on the test paper, which even she could not answer, she was deep in frustration. 
“Mommy, I want to stay here. I want to be with Ian and Matt,” Vivian pleaded with an aggrieved look. 
Seeing her reddened eyes brimming with tears, Sasha did not know how to respond. 
After giving it some thought, she finally took her phone out and dialed a number. 
Ring… 
As the ringing continued, she felt extremely anxious. 
After all, she knew that she was embarrassing herself. 
Moreover, Sebastian had returned to the military base for two days now, but he had not contacted Sasha yet. She was afraid that he would not answer her call. 
Sasha waited with bated breath. 
“Hello?” 
“Seb- Darling, it’s me. Are you free now? I need your help.” 
Hearing his voice, Sasha was so excited she almost called him “Sebby,” but she managed to stop herself in time. 
“What is it?”
As expected, Sebastian’s voice sounded cold and calm as he went straight to the point. 
Sasha ignored it. 
Then, she started explaining Vivian’s situation to Sebastian over the phone. 
“Darling, I don’t want Vivi to be separated from Ian and Matt, but the questions… I don’t think they make any sense at all!” 
“Since they don’t make sense, why are you still trying to solve them?” 
Sasha did not expect him to say that and was shocked. 
So, he agrees with me? He’s so intelligent, but he agrees with me? 
She wondered if she had heard wrongly. 
“Darling, do you really think that there’s a problem with the questions, instead of the person who’s answering them?” 
Sebastian was speechless. 
His hand trembled. At that moment, he was holding a handgun as he practiced shooting. 
Beside him, the commander narrowed his eyes in confusion. Is he actually on the phone during a shooting session? Just what is so important about it that he has to answer it now? 
Sebastian asked through the phone, “You think there’s something wrong with you?” 
“No…” 
“So, there’s something wrong with my genes?”
“Of course not!” Sasha denied firmly. 
Then, she heard Sebastian sneering through the phone, “Then why are you doubting your child? These questions are ridiculous. Those people are oblivious to the outside world. They make these tricky questions, thinking that they’re top-notch in academics when in fact, they’re just a bunch of trash!” 
Words instantly fled Sasha as amazement surged through her. 
Finally, she became more confident in herself. 
However, she was still at a loss. What about Vivi? What should I do? If she can’t finish the test paper, she can’t study here anymore. 
“Transfer them to another school then.” 
“Another school?” Sasha widened her eyes in shock. “Which school? They said that Opal Garden Academy is the best school around. This morning, Grandpa even sent Vivi here himself.” 
Opal Garden Academy is already the best school in town. Where else should Vivi study at? 
“Military Elementary School!” Sebastian replied. 
Military Elementary School? Isn’t that an ordinary school? 
Sasha was utterly confused. 
After she hung up the call, the commander, who was standing at the side watching the soldiers practice, noticed as Sebastian finally put away his phone. 
His expression changed. 
“Are you sending your children to the elementary school of our military?”
“Is there a problem with that?” 
“No. However, all the children studying in that school are from powerful families in Jadeborough, including the children of White House,” the commander reminded seriously. 
###Chapter 883
Chapter 883
That night, Sasha told Jonathan about the news. 
“Military Elementary School?” The latter was shocked when he heard that. “Did their father say that?” 
Sasha nodded as she stated, “Yes. He said that the new school is better!” 
Jonathan’s face fell upon hearing that. 
“How is that school better than Opal Garden Academy? Opal Garden Academy is well-known as the best school in town. The school never judges its students based on the power and wealth of their families. The school only judges its students by their capabilities. How is any other school better than that?” 
Sasha did not know what to say to that. 
After a while, she explained, “Vivi had a hard time in school today. She’s not an outstanding student. If we force her to study in Opal Garden Academy, it’ll be bad for her future development.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. Sebastian also said that an ordinary school suits her better.” 
Sasha did not tell Jonathan about Sebastian’s comments on Opal Garden Academy because she did not want to provoke him. 
Fortunately, Jonathan was convinced when he knew that it would affect Vivian negatively. 
“Fine. Transfer them to Military Elementary School then. But, her brothers are so intelligent. It’s such a waste of their talent for them to study at that lousy school.”
Jonathan was reluctant to let Matteo and Ian study in that new school. 
Sasha was briefly stunned when she heard that. 
She was oblivious of the situation of the schools since she was unfamiliar with Jadeborough. 
Since Sebastian suggested transferring their children to a different school, she did not have any doubt about the quality of the education there. But why does Grandpa hate that school so much? 
Sasha could not understand what Jonathan was thinking. 
If she knew that Jonathan particularly respected highly-educated people because he assumed himself an uncultured person after serving in the military for his whole life, she would understand why he was reacting that way. 
That night, before Sasha went to bed, she told her children about them being transferred to a new school. They were delighted to hear that. 
“That’s great. I like the idea of going to a new school. Mommy, Opal Garden Academy doesn’t even feel like a school.” 
“Is that so?” 
Sasha was folding the children’s clothes when she was surprised by Matteo’s comment. 
Matteo nodded and replied, “Yes. It’s more like a training institution that’s cultivating what they presume to be ‘talented people’ in their own way.” 
Tilting her head, she noticed that Ian murmured his agreement from beside them. Is that school really that bad? 
Deep down, she felt relieved that she went to their school that afternoon.
“So, all of you will study at the new elementary school. Remember to take care of Vivi at the new school.” 
“All right, Mommy,” the boys agreed resolutely. 
Vivian then ran toward her brothers to play games with them. 
The night passed peacefully. 
The next morning, the children skipped school to attend the party. 
Janice came to see Sasha right after she got out of bed. 
“Sasha, we’ll need to try the gown on today. They stayed up all night to make it. Are you free? If you are, we’ll go over to the store after breakfast.” 
“All right,” Sasha replied in agreement. 
After washing up, she went out with Janice. 
Even though she did not know why a meal with the family had to be so formal, Sasha did not want to reject the warm gesture. When she saw the dress, she did not comment much on it despite noticing it was one of the pre-made dresses in the shop, albeit with some tweaks. 
“It’s beautiful!” Janice was stunned to see Sasha wearing the dress. 
Looking at herself in the mirror, Sasha smiled. 
After that, Janice brought her to a salon for a hairdo and makeup. It was almost time to attend the party when they finally left the salon. 
“Sasha, let’s head to Chartreuse Heritage Kitchen now. Dad will bring the children there later.”
“Sure,” Sasha agreed. 
Later, she took out her phone in the car and messaged Sebastian. 
Sasha: Darling, when are you coming? The party is starting soon. 
Darling: What party? 
Sasha: … 
Sasha was at a loss after reading the message. He doesn’t know about the party? How’s that possible? Jonathan said that the party is being held to welcome our family. How could the male lead of the party not know about it? 
Nervousness gnawed at her insides as she texted him. 
Sasha: They’re throwing a party to introduce us to the family. Don’t you know about this? 
###Chapter 884
Chapter 884
Darling: No, I don’t know. What party? Do you have nothing better to do? 
Sasha was utterly speechless. How do I have nothing better to do? I agreed to this since we’re going to stay here for some time, and I didn’t want to disappoint Jonathan. 
She tried to explain her thoughts to Sebastian. 
Sasha: That’s not it. I thought you agreed to this and would attend the party. 
Darling: You were overthinking things. 
That was the last message he sent. 
Sasha did not know what to do at that moment. Since he’s not coming, why am I going? Sebastian is the backbone of the family, but he’s not going to attend the party. If so, why do I still need to attend the party with the kids? 
She was planning to back out. 
However, when she lifted her head, she realized they had arrived at Chartreuse Heritage Kitchen. 
“Sasha, Dad sent a message and told us to wait for him to go in together. Let’s just wait here then,” Janice explained. 
Sasha instantly knew what that meant. Jonathan wanted to bring Sasha to the other Jadesons and announce her identity himself. 
Finally, she put down her smartphone and waited patiently in the car.
While waiting, she noticed that many luxurious cars were parked outside the restaurant. This restaurant must have a booming business. There are so many luxurious cars parked here. 
She assumed that the owners of the cars were eating in the restaurant. 
About ten minutes later, a green Jeep appeared. Sasha saw a silver-haired old man in it with three lively children. 
“Mommy!” 
The Jeep came to a halt. 
When the three kids saw Sasha sitting in the car, they ran toward her delightedly. 
The latter got down and caught her three dressed-up children in her arms. 
“You’re here!” 
“Yes. Look! Great-grandpa bought this dress for me! Isn’t it pretty?” 
Vivian showed off her pretty little dress upon seeing her mother. 
Sasha smiled and answered, “It’s so pretty. You’re a little princess. Ian and Matt are so handsome, just like princes too.” 
She complimented all of them. 
When Jonathan got down from the car and saw them, he nodded and said, “Let’s go inside. I think all of them are here. I’ll bring all of you in.” 
Then, he grabbed Ian’s and Matteo’s hands before they headed into the restaurant. 
Seeing that, Sasha went after them while holding Vivian’s hand.
In truth, she did not know much about the Jadesons. The only time she had seen them was when Sebastian went back to Oceanic Estate after he was discharged from the hospital and Jonathan had invited them for a meal at home. 
At that time, Jared, Candice, Connor, and two other sons were there. 
The others were the relatives of the family. 
Certainly, there were only a few people back then. 
Therefore, Sasha was expecting not many people at the party. She thought that there were at most two tables of people. 
However, when they stepped into the hall, she realized that over ten tables of people were gathered there. Oh my. Why are there so many people? 
Sasha was shocked. 
At that moment, everyone in the hall turned to look at them upon their arrival. 
Within seconds, the entire banquet hall fell into silence. They had attracted everyone’s attention. 
What kind of look is that? 
Clearly, Sasha felt uncomfortable after everyone cast assessing glances at them. 
“Sasha, they are our relatives and some close friends of the family. They came to celebrate with us today,” Janice quickly explained. 
She came forward after she noticed Sasha’s expression. 
Sasha slightly frowned. Relatives and close friends? I thought only family members were invited?
She felt extremely uneasy as the people were studying her from afar. Are they trying to see how I’m qualified as the granddaughter-in-law of the Jadeson family? How ridiculous! 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, you’re finally here. Are these twins your great-grandchildren?” 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, we heard that you’re attending the party with your granddaughter-in-law and great- grandchildren today! All of us are so excited to see them!” 
“Gosh! Your great-grandchildren are so handsome and pretty! They look like they just walked out of a painting!” 
All the men surrounded them and started buttering Jonathan up. 
###Chapter 885
Chapter 885
Jonathan treated the children as treasures. Hearing all the compliments about them, he felt delighted. 
“Yes, these are my precious great-grandsons. Their mother is holding my great-granddaughter,” Jonathan introduced proudly. 
Everyone started to cast envious glances at them. 
None of the family members among the Jadesons had given birth to twins before. Hence, they were envious of Jonathan for having triplets. 
Then, they turned to look at the children’s mother. 
They noticed that Jonathan’s granddaughter-in-law was standing behind him quietly in a red customized gown. She had porcelain skin and divine features. With her hair tied neatly into a bun, the skin on her neck was exposed. She looked extremely gorgeous. 
The mother of the children is so beautiful. 
At that realization, they looked at Sasha in amazement. 
Sasha remained silent as she followed Jonathan to the main table of the party. 
“Huh? Old Mr. Woods, you’re here too?” 
Sasha noticed how Jonathan’s eyes brightened when he saw an old man around his age at the main table. Old Mr. Woods? Who’s this?
She started observing the old man, who was wearing a suit and a pair of glasses. He looked extremely stern and old-fashioned. 
“Sasha, this is the head of your aunt’s family. I didn’t expect him to be here today.” 
Janice was standing beside Sasha. When she saw the old man, her face instantly fell, and she looked a lot more reserved after that. 
Sasha did not know what was going on. He’s just the head of another family. Why’s everyone so nervous to see him? 
Right at that moment, Jonathan waved at her while he was greeting Richard Woods. 
“Sasha, come here and greet Old Mr. Woods.” 
“All right.” 
Sasha walked over with Vivian. 
When she arrived in front of Richard, she bowed down to greet him. However, the latter snorted and looked away. 
Sasha was shaken by his action. What a rude old man. 
“All right. We’re a family. You don’t need to be so polite.” 
Jasmine, who was sitting at the same table, tried to ease the situation. 
Seeing that, Stephen chimed in, “Yes. We’re family. Sasha, bring your child and sit here with me.” 
He wanted to help Sasha avoid the awkward situation. 
In this instance, it seemed like he was on the Jadesons’ side.
Hence, Sasha did as instructed. 
Seeing the situation, Jonathan did not get mad, even though an upset expression briefly flashed across his face. He quickly brought Ian and Matteo to sit beside Richard. 
“Richard, what have you been up to recently? I haven’t seen you for so long.” 
“Nothing much. I brought several students to visit a few universities.” 
“That’s great.” 
Jonathan’s eyes were filled with reverence upon hearing that. 
Sasha got even more surprised after seeing that. What? An old general from the military is admiring such a foul old man? 
Yet, Jasmine was satisfied when she saw that. Who would have thought Jonathan Jadeson would have that kind of look on his face? 
As someone who served in the military all his life, Jonathan was envious of cultured people. Coincidentally, Richard was one of the most cultured people in the city. Back in their era, he was a most talented scholar. 
All those years ago, the main reason Jasmine was able to marry one of the Jadesons was because of Richard and also the Woodses’ status as an illustrious family of academics. 
Jasmine then filled the old men’s cups with tea. 
“Uncle Richard, Dad, have some tea.” 
“Okay.”
Richard was much more polite to his niece. 
After sipping some tea, Richard finally spoke to Jonathan. “Which family does your granddaughter-in-law belong to? Why are you introducing her in such a high-profile manner?” 
“Huh?” 
Jonathan was stunned as he placed his cup back on the table. 
Since he did not understand, Richard questioned impatiently, “Have you investigated her background? The Jadeson family is so reputable. How could you let a random woman marry your grandson?” 
Jonathan was speechless when he heard that. 
He turned to look at Sasha, who was feeding her children opposite him, and smiled. 
“He chose her by himself. She’s not bad at all.” 
“Not bad at all? She doesn’t look elegant enough, not to mention she’s rude too…” 
###Chapter 886
Chapter 886
Before Richard could finish talking, Jonathan slammed his cup on the table. 
Shocked, Richard did not dare to say a word after that. 
Although Jonathan was just a warrior, Richard knew that he could not fight him. 
Opposite them, Sasha was busy feeding Vivian some shrimps, so she did not notice the situation. 
“Mommy, it tastes so good! I’ve never tried this before. I want more!” 
“All right.” 
Sasha smiled and patted Vivian’s nose before she continued feeding her daughter with more shrimps. 
In truth, Vivian had eaten shrimps before. As the precious daughter of the Hayeses, she had certainly eaten all kinds of good food. 
What she meant to say was that she had never tasted shrimps cooked in such a manner before. 
All the dishes of Chartreuse Heritage Kitchen tasted good. 
Matteo and Ian felt the same way as well as they happily dug into all the appetizing food. 
“Look at them! They look like they’ve never eaten good food before. They’re stuffing themselves like pigs at such a grand party!” 
“That’s true! Where did the Jadesons get such an embarrassing granddaughter-in-law?”
“There was no choice. They just recently found Shin’s son and brought him back. He already had a family at that point, so Old Mr. Jadeson had no choice but to accept her.” 
“Oh, right! I forgot about that.” 
Everyone started to talk about Shin, who had passed away so many years ago. 
Upon hearing that topic, the people who were already jealous of Sasha’s sudden rise in status looked down on her even more. 
The Jadesons was the most reputable family in Jadeborough. 
Many women dreamed of marrying into the Jadesons. Even prominent families wanted their children to marry one of the Jadesons. They clearly could not accept Sasha, a woman who suddenly appeared out of nowhere. 
“Where’s Mr. Devin?” 
“He’s coming. I heard that he went to pick someone up.” 
“Really? Who?” 
“Probably Shanae Woods.” 
When the name was mentioned, everyone in the hall gasped in shock. 
Countless people looked on with bitter jealousy. 
Shanae Woods was the most outstanding granddaughter of the Woodses. She was beautiful and talented. Despite being in her early twenties, she was well-known for being top in class. Not only that, but she was constantly on television representing the country in various competitions.
All in all, Shanae was the top socialite of Jadeborough. 
Even better, the Jadesons were delighted because Shanae was not blood-related to Jasmine. Shanae was the true descendant of the Woodses, unlike Jasmine, who was from one of the minor branches. 
Devin’s parents had certainly ordered him to pick Shanae up. 
Sasha was oblivious about that, but she sensed that someone was staring at her. Who’s that? 
She lifted her head and saw Jasmine. 
“Eat more, Sasha. If you like the food, I can have someone send some of the food to Oceanic Estate next time for you,” Jasmine said as she smiled. 
Sasha furrowed her brows while looking at her. Something is wrong with this woman. What’s she secretly plotting? 
Immediately, she became vigilant. 
While everyone was eating, someone arrived at the entrance of the hall. At that moment, all of them turned to look in that direction after they heard some exclamations. 
Even Jonathan turned to look while he was drinking his tea. 
A beautiful and tall girl was standing there in a long beige dress. Her face appeared pure and attractive. With all the expensive jewelry, she looked extremely elegant, like a princess. 
Shanae had finally arrived. 
Devin was standing right beside her.
Jasmine was delighted to see them and quickly approached them. “Shanae, you’re here. Come sit over here with me.” 
She pulled Shanae’s hand toward her table. 
When Shanae arrived at the table, there was a sharp contrast between her and Sasha. 
Sasha was wearing a red dress with her hair tied into a bun. She appeared mature with that look. Not only that, but the jewelry Janice had chosen for her was also made from jade. 
Yet, when Shanae walked over in her beige dress while wearing diamond accessories, Sasha looked like someone from an older generation. 
“Look at that. Sasha Wand looks so ugly beside Ms. Shanae.” 
“That’s true. She’s so old-fashioned. Look at how she dressed up. Such a waste of money!” 
“You have a point!” 
In an instant, everyone started insulting Sasha. 
When Devin walked over and heard all those insults, he looked in the direction of the main table before his face fell. 
###Chapter 887
Chapter 887
“Sasha…” 
“Huh? Devin, you’re here. Are you looking for a seat? There’s one over here.” 
Sasha had been busy feeding her children and only just noticed Devin’s arrival. 
However, Devin shook his head. “Do you want to change your dress? It must be difficult to feed the kids in it.” 
He knew that Sasha had been set up, so he wanted her to get changed. However, he did not know how to say it in a roundabout manner, so what came out was straightforward. 
Sasha did not know what to reply. 
After seeing Devin’s hesitant look, she glanced around and finally realized what was happening. 
“It’s fine, Devin. Come sit over here. You must be starving.” 
Before Devin could answer her, Jasmine started calling for him. 
“Devin, what are you doing? Shanae is here. Come and keep her company.” 
“Yes, Devin. Come here and talk to Old Mr. Woods,” Stephen said. 
Devin frowned and walked over to them. 
Behind him, Sasha seemed to have understood the situation. Seeing the pretty woman in the beige dress, she frowned. So, that’s the woman they want Devin to marry? What about Sabrina?
While she was thinking about it, she took out her smartphone to message Sabrina back in Avenport. 
Sasha: Sab, what are you up to? 
Sabrina: What else? I’m at my office. 
Sasha could not believe that. She’s at her office? Looks like Solomon has his own way to deal with her. 
Sasha: When are you coming to Jadeborough? If you don’t come soon, someone is going to steal your man. 
Sasha had always referred to Devin as Sabrina’s man. 
After all, Sabrina did not mind it. 
However, to Sasha’s surprise, there was not much reaction from Sabrina this time. 
Sabrina: He’s not my man anymore. 
Sasha: What? Why is he not your man anymore? Did you dump him? 
Sabrina: I can’t have him… 
Sasha was shocked to see that response from the usually very bold and daring Sabrina. 
Something’s not right. She was so in love with this man. Nothing could stop her from being with him before this. Why is she saying this now? What happened between them? 
Sasha was confused. Not knowing what to do, she secretly snapped a photo of Devin and Sabrina sitting next to each other. 
Then, she sent the photo to Sabrina.
“Shanae, that’s Devin’s sister-in-law and her three children. Do you want to greet them?” Jasmine suggested abruptly. 
Having heard that, Jonathan smiled and nodded. “Yes. She can go over and greet them.” 
When Shanae looked at the woman dressed up like a country bumpkin, her eyes filled with disgust. 
She was unwilling to greet Sasha. 
However, Richard came to realize something when he heard Jonathan’s words. 
Jonathan was the head of the Jadesons. From the way he was speaking, he was clearly treating Shanae like his own granddaughter now. 
With that thought, Richard knew that Shanae had a high chance to marry Devin in the future. 
Richard turned to his granddaughter and chided, “Why are you still sitting here? Don’t you have any manners? Go right now.” 
“All right…” 
Shanae then walked over unwillingly. 
At that moment, everyone else in the hall was watching Shanae as she went to greet Sasha. 
They wanted to know how the top socialite of Jadeborough would teach that country bumpkin a lesson. 
“Ms. Wand.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha lifted her gaze from her phone screen.
“My name is Shanae Woods. I’m from the Woods family on the southern side of the city. It’s so nice to meet you.” 
Standing beside Sasha, Shanae stretched out her hand after she introduced herself. There was an expensive watch on her wrist. 
Nice to meet me? But she looks so unwilling. She’s not even looking me in the eye. 
Sasha smiled and put her smartphone aside. 
After wiping her hand with a wet tissue, she stood up. 
“Hello, Ms. Woods.” She stretched out her hand as well. 
However, before she even touched Shanae’s hand, the latter withdrew her arm abruptly. 
Sasha’s hand was left hanging in the air awkwardly. 
When Devin saw that from his seat, he quickly stood up. 
Right at that moment, Jasmine pulled him back down in his seat. 
###Chapter 888
Chapter 888
“Don’t move!” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Wand. I have mysophobia,” Shanae explained calmly. 
Although she seemed to be nice to Sasha, she was clearly implying that the latter was a dirty woman for peeling shrimps with her bare hands at such a grand party. 
Everyone around them got excited upon seeing that. That’s right! That’s how you teach the bumpkin a lesson! 
Sasha clearly understood that. She withdrew her hand and sat down without saying a word. 
“I’m sorry. I’m a mother. I don’t have a choice because I have to take care of my children.” 
“I don’t think so. I know many elegant mothers. Ms. Wand, you’re one of the Jadesons now. It’s better to take care of your image outside the house from now on. Otherwise, you’ll tarnish the family’s reputation. For instance, I suggest you not wear this dress again in the future.” 
Shanae started insulting Sasha’s gown. 
The people who were watching the drama got even more excited. Some of them were even recording the scene with their smartphones. 
“Oh? What do you mean?” 
Sasha lowered her head and looked at her dress.
With a disdainful look, Shanae questioned, “Ms. Wand, don’t you know that this dress is outdated? It came out last year. I can still recognize it even though you modified it. Let me tell you this. Everyone wears customized gowns in Jadeborough!” 
Her words immediately caused an uproar in the hall. 
“The granddaughter-in-law of the Jadesons is wearing an outdated customized gown? She even modified it so others won’t be able to recognize it!” 
“Where did this woman come from? How could she be so ignorant?” 
“How is she qualified as the granddaughter-in-law of the Jadesons?” 
Everyone’s jaws fell open. 
They were treating Sasha as a laughing stock. 
Devin was infuriated by the incident. 
He instantly glanced at Jonathan, whose face had darkened terribly. At the sight, Devin wanted to get up to ease the situation. 
However, Sasha suddenly spoke. 
“Yes, this is an outdated customized gown. However, I’m willing to wear it as compared to a fake gown.” 
“What did you say?” 
Shanae was stunned. 
Sasha smiled and stood up again. Without saying a word, she stretched her arm toward Shanae’s chest. 
“Ah!”
Shanae’s shriek filled the entire hall. 
However, it was too late. Sasha had pulled out all the rhinestones on the chest area of her dress. 
“The rhinestones on all the customized gowns of Shadows are not glued on. Instead, they use a special technique to sew all the rhinestones into the fabric during production.” 
Shanae was speechless. 
Sasha added, “Also, they only use certain selected patterns. It’s either beautiful sceneries or paintings of lovers. What’s that bird on your dress?” 
She smashed all the rhinestones on the table. 
Crash! 
A pin drop silence ensued in the hall. 
No one expected that outcome. Initially, they thought that the bumpkin who came out of nowhere would be humiliated by the top socialite of Jadeborough. 
However, it was the other way round. 
How? She’s just a bumpkin. How would she know all this? 
Covering her chest, Shanae’s face turned red. She did not want to admit to Sasha’s accusation. 
“That’s nonsense! Do you even know what’s a customized gown? Have you ever heard of the brand Shadows?” 
Shadows was a new brand founded two years ago. Many of the daughters of wealthy families, celebrities, and capable women around the globe dreamed of owning one of the products of the luxury
brand. 
However, it was extremely difficult to purchase them. 
How did this bumpkin know about the brand? Who gave her the right! 
Shanae glared daggers at Sasha. She looked like she was about to tear the latter apart. 
However, Sasha merely shrugged. 
“Of course, I’ve heard of it! I own the brand. Two years ago, my husband gifted me that brand. He even named it after my name.” 
Everyone’s jaw dropped upon hearing her words. 
A deathly silence took over the entire hall. 
Everyone did not know how to react. 
They’re stupid. Why are they comparing wealth with me? Have they forgotten about my previous family business? 
“Daddy!” 
At that moment, a person walked in from the entrance. Upon seeing the man, Sasha’s children cheered and ran toward the man joyfully. 
The man dressed in military fatigues instantly lifted all the children up with his arms. 
“What are all of you doing?” 
“We’re watching the show. Daddy, someone is bullying your wife again.”
###Chapter 889
Chapter 889
“What?” 
In the next moment, his eyes filled with coldness. 
“That woman over there! She’s saying that Mommy is poor and can’t afford nice clothes. That woman is wearing a fake dress of the brand that you gifted Mommy last time. Now, she’s humiliating Mommy,” Matteo explained everything clearly. 
Their father gifted their mother that design? 
Everyone was shocked after hearing that. 
All the blood drained from Shanae’s face, and she could not move an inch. 
At that moment, Sebastian arrived in front of Sasha with the kids. 
“Darling.” 
“I told you not to attend these parties. They’re not even on the same level as us. Why did you come here? Are you trying to make things difficult for yourself?” 
Sebastian ignored everyone else and put the kids down beside Sasha before he started berating her. 
Sasha was embarrassed after that. 
Everyone was staring at Sebastian, including Richard, who was sitting beside Jonathan.
Not on the same level? What does he mean? Is he trying to say that they have higher status than everyone else here? How arrogant! 
Having heard that, Richard was infuriated. 
“N-No. Grandpa wanted to hold a party for us. I can’t just reject their efforts…” Sasha stammered as she explained. 
Hearing that, Sebastian mocked, “Just reject him. He didn’t even manage to filter the guests. Why did he bring you here? To put up a show?” 
Sasha did not know what to say. 
Damn! How could he utter such words! 
“Mr. Sebastian, what do you mean by filtering the guests? Are you insulting us?” Richard questioned. 
He could not sit still anymore. 
Sebastian then answered nonchalantly, “Looks like you’re not that dumb after all!” 
Again, everyone was stupefied. 
Jonathan had protected Sebastian very well. Since Sebastian had only returned to the Jadesons recently, none of the outsiders had seen him yet. Jonathan also managed to suppress all the major news about what happened in the family previously. 
Therefore, to the outsiders, Sebastian was just Shin and a countryside woman’s son. How could he be an excellent man when his mother came from the countryside? 
Hence, everyone had looked down on him, until now.
Richard was enraged. “Jonathan Jadeson, so this is your precious grandson! Is this how he treats his guests?” 
He hammered the floor with his cane in anger. 
Jonathan was furious and anxious too. 
Since everyone was infuriated by Sebastian’s words, Jonathan chided, “Sebastian, what are you saying? How could you be so rude to the relatives and close friends of our family!” 
“Rude?” Sebastian snorted and added, “I’m being respectful enough. If it was in the past, I would’ve thrown him out of here!” 
He was still speaking recklessly. 
His voice was so low and cold that it made shivers run down everyone’s spines. 
Throw him out? Is he that presumptuous and arrogant? 
Finally, several guests could not stand it anymore and stood up to help Richard. 
At that moment, Devin stood up abruptly. 
“What are you trying to do? You think he won’t do it? Let me tell you. He can turn you into ashes with a snap of his fingers!” 
Everyone came to a halt when they heard that. 
Ashes? Is he really that capable? 
They could not believe that. However, after Devin warned them, they did not dare to move an inch. All of them turned to stare at him, including Shanae.
“Ashes? Devin, you’re exaggerating.” 
Devin sneered before he questioned, “Exaggerating? Would you believe me if I told you that the person who made your dress has disappeared now, all because of what you just did?” 
Shanae fell silent. 
“Also, let me remind you. If you don’t apologize to Sasha right away, you’ll have to face the dire consequences. You’ll lose your reputation and probably will be sent to jail too,” Devin continued. 
He knew Sebastian very well. 
Shanae was stunned when she heard that. 
After some time, she glanced at all the guests before she asked, “On what grounds?” 
“Just because he’s the business mogul of Astoria. He’s rich, and sending every one of your family into your graves is child’s play. Is that enough?” 
In a mocking tone, Devin stated all the harsh truths to Shanae. 
###Chapter 890
Chapter 890
Shanae was dumbstruck. 
All the other guests gasped in shock when they listened to Devin’s words. 
Business mogul? What’s that? 
All the guests were just poor people with empty titles. Even those that came from the most prominent families in Jadeborough would not easily throw their money around. 
It was even more impossible to send other people to their graves. 
Silence ensued. 
At that moment, they felt completely humiliated. They could not believe that they were insulting Sasha for wearing an outdated dress just now. 
Their faces turned red in embarrassment. 
Shanae felt humiliated as well. 
While she was wearing a fake dress and insulting Sasha, she had no idea that the latter was actually a true wealthy woman living in the upper-class society. 
No wonder she could tell that my dress is fake. 
“Forget about it. I believe Ms. Woods did not do that on purpose. She’s still young, so she’s not familiar with how society works. Ms. Woods, if you like Shadows, I’ll gift you some of the designs.”
Everyone was surprised by Sasha’s generosity. 
Not only did she not want Shanae’s apology, she even offered to gift the latter several of her own brand designs. 
Sebastian’s eyes twitched. 
Yet, Shanae was so mad that she almost passed out. 
She felt insulted once again. This woman’s clearly humiliating me! She’s trying to tell me that as the owner of Shadows, she can gift me the dresses since I can’t afford them! 
She had never been humiliated in such a manner. 
Beside her, Richard’s face turned ashen upon hearing that. 
In the end, they could not bear to stay any longer. As everyone watched them, they left in utter shame. 
Since they had left, all the guests were embarrassed to stay there. They started leaving one by one after finding some excuses. 
In the end, only Stephen, his wife, and Janice were still there. 
“Are you happy now? You’ve destroyed the party.” 
Jonathan was unsatisfied after Sebastian ruined the party that he had painstakingly prepared. 
Sebastian’s fingers clenched. 
Seeing that he was about to burst in anger, Sasha quickly stopped him. 
“Grandpa, we appreciate your thoughtfulness. However, I think it was necessary and appropriate to do that. Otherwise, they’ll treat the Jadesons as uncivilized and cowardly people.”
“What did you say?” 
Jonathan’s face darkened. He did not expect Sasha to be so straightforward. 
The latter smiled and explained, “A poor person who has to rely on marriage to connect to rich families isn’t worthy of our respect. If he’s talented, he wouldn’t need to do that. Grandpa, haven’t you heard that civilized people are prideful?” 
Prideful? 
Jonathan sat there in silence for some time. 
In truth, he felt pathetic. 
After several decades of serving the nation, he had become a successful person. However, he felt conflicted because he was an uneducated warrior. 
He felt like an uncivilized man, whereas those educated people were somehow nobler in his eyes. 
That was why all those men still managed to take advantage of him over the years, even though he had high status. 
The Woods family was one of those people. 
Therefore, Sasha thought it necessary to remind him of that fact. 
Ten minutes later, Jonathan left the hall, looking completely defeated. 
Since he left, everyone else knew that they should leave as well. After Devin and his parents left, Sasha was about to bring her children back to Oceanic Estate.
However, just as she grabbed their hands, she turned around and saw Sebastian sitting on the chair. He seemed to have no plan to leave as he stared at her blankly. 
Sasha was speechless. 
That stare looks terrifying. 
She asked, “Darling, a-aren’t you going back?” 
Sasha was still being careful. Although they had reunited with each other now, they were not that close yet, nothing like how they used to be. 
Even though she called him “Darling,” she did not dare to get closer to him. 
“You seem to know that old man quite well.” 
“Huh?” Sasha did not understand what he was implying. 
“Were you like this in the past?” 
“What?” 
“You like to read others’ minds, and even set them up,” Sebastian uttered expressionlessly as he sat still. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Read others’ minds? Set them up? Why would he say that? Does he think that I’m that kind of person? Does everything I do appear so despicable to him? 
Sasha’s heart sank with that thought. 
###Chapter 891
Chapter 891
She didn’t want to admit it, even though she knew that he would only have arrived at such a conclusion because he still did not remember her. 
Still, she felt like her emotions were choking her up inside. 
“What makes you say that?” 
“You guessed Jonathan’s thoughts almost completely accurately, and I bet you purposely wore your clothes like that today. You wanted to get rid of all the people supporting Shanae,” Sebastian said, sounding rather unhappy. 
Sasha was taken aback. 
She hadn’t expected that he would have known that as well. 
In all honesty, she was wearing her clothes that way for a special reason. 
When she had gone to the store to pick out a dress with Janice, she had spotted Jasmine. Then, when Janice picked out an old-fashioned, frumpy dress for her, she hadn’t said no. 
She didn’t know whose side Janice was on, but knowing Jasmine, she would never have let something like that slide. 
As expected, during the actual party, Jasmine had begun to work her catty ways. 
Still, Sasha hadn’t said anything about all that. How had he guessed? 
She looked at him with a pale face, staying quiet for a long time.
“Darling, I-” 
Before she could finish her sentence, his handsome face immediately darkened, and he got up to walk away. 
“Where are you going?” Sasha asked, hurriedly chasing after him. 
But he didn’t even look back, much less answer her. He strode out as if he couldn’t hear Sasha. 
She started to sway on her feet, feeling as if there was a huge boulder crushing her chest. Staring at Sebastian’s retreating back, she felt a wave of fear, pain, and heartbreak crashing over her. 
She had no idea what she had done to deserve this. 
Even though she may not have told him that she had done it all on purpose, she didn’t think she was in the wrong. After all, she was just protecting herself when he wasn’t around. Was she truly the criminal here? 
The chill in her bones had spread throughout her entire body. She felt as if she had been frozen in place. 
The two boys behind her were fuming at the sight. 
“How could Daddy do that? He’s making Mommy sad again. Let’s go and get him back!” 
“Okay!” 
The two boys ran out of the hotel, ready to find their father. 
They didn’t go very far before bumping into the familiar tall figure right at the hotel doors. The man had some olive green clothes in hand as he came back. 
“Daddy? What’s this?”
“Bring this to your mother. Her dress is hideous.” 
He tossed the clothes over with a disgusted look on his face. 
The two kids immediately smiled widely. 
They caught the clothes and sped off toward their mother. 
Silly Mommy! Daddy didn’t run off. He just went to look for clothes for you. After all, how could the CEO of Hayes Corporation ever let his wife be seen in such ugly clothes? 
The kids brought the clothes to Sasha, who stared in surprise when she saw them. 
She only came back to her senses after her sons explained everything. Immediately, her foul mood cleared up, and she scurried off to change into the olive green clothes. 
Sasha actually had no idea why Sebastian was mad. He wasn’t angry because she plotted against Jasmine; he was only angry because Sasha hadn’t discussed it with him first. 
When exactly had he started to act this way? He suddenly had a strange urge to be involved in all her plans. It gave him a sort of security in their relationship. 
He had no idea when this started, or why he was feeling this way. 
All he knew was that he got frustrated whenever she tried to do anything by herself. 
For example, he had ended up rushing over to see her today. 
After Sasha put on the olive green uniform, she ran out in excitement despite looking like a hot air balloon.
Even though she had to shove the loose T-shirt into the hem of the long, baggy pants that she needed to roll up, she ran out in the uniform looking ecstatic. 
“Darling! What do you think?” 
All of them fell into dead silence. 
Finally, Vivian was the one to say cutely, “Mommy, I think you look very pretty. It’s much better than the dress you had on just now.” 
Matteo and Ian both nodded in approval. 
As for Sebastian, he just reached out and picked up Vivian before the five of them left the hotel hand-in- hand. 
The clothes really are nice, Sasha thought to herself. We should make some for the kids too, so we can all match as a family. 
A few days later, Sebastian had gone back to the military base. Sasha was at Oceanic Estate when Sabrina suddenly messaged her. 
Sabrina: Come over, my bar is open. 
What the hell? Am I reading this wrongly? What bar is she talking about? 
Sasha rubbed her eyes, thinking she was seeing things. 
However, right after that, Sabrina sent her a location, as if she could sense Sasha’s disbelief. 
What? 
###Chapter 892
Chapter 892
She still ended up leaving Oceanic Estate and heading to the coordinates that Sabrina had sent her. 
When she arrived, she couldn’t believe her eyes. The bar was located in the busiest area of town and was pretty large in size. 
This woman is practically throwing money away at this point. 
Sasha approached the entrance of the bar. 
“Hi, are you Ms. Wand?” 
“That’s me.” 
“You’re finally here! Please follow me inside. Our boss has been waiting for you to arrive.” 
A heavily made-up woman who had been standing at the doorway immediately clung to her in a friendly way after checking who she was. 
They then walked in together. 
Starting a bar was probably small fry to the likes of Sabrina. 
However, the sheer size of the bar still shocked Sasha. Doesn’t she need to go back to the company? Besides, isn’t Solomon going to be mad that she suddenly did something like this? 
Sasha walked into the bar and realized that it was even larger inside than it looked on the outside.
The loud music pounded against her eardrums, and she even spotted a large dance floor in the middle of the room. 
A bunch of people were dancing wildly to the music. 
Is this a bar or a club? 
Not being able to stand this type of atmosphere, Sasha frowned. 
“You’re finally here! What do you think about my bar?” 
Sabrina finally appeared. 
She was wearing a strappy black top that matched her black patent leather miniskirt. Her long legs were out on display as she marched dutifully toward Sasha. Once she was in front of Sasha, she gave her a pat on the back. 
Sasha fell silent. 
With a glance at Sabrina’s smoky makeup and the smell of alcohol emanating off her, she snatched the cigarette that Sabrina had been holding in one hand. 
“What are you up to now? Are you trying to stick to Devin?” 
“Bullsh*t!” Sabrina denied. “I just wanted to make an investment. What’s this got to do with him?” 
Sasha rolled her eyes. She knew how stubborn Sabrina could be. 
Still, she was too lazy to start an argument and waved her hand, beckoning for the woman who had greeted her before to come over. 
“Go and get your boss’ jacket for her.”
“What?” 
That woman stared at Sasha wordlessly, seemingly in disbelief about what she had just heard. 
This is a bar! How can the boss of this bar be all covered up and conservative? 
However, her boss simply waved for her to go and get it after a twitch of her eye. 
“Sasha, you’re more of a nagger than my own mother.” 
“I’m just doing what’s good for you. If you really like Devin, you have to change these habits of yours. They’re the Jadesons, after all. Do you really think they’ll accept you if you act like this?” 
Sasha hit the jackpot. 
Sabrina finally fell silent after Sasha’s reprimands. 
After putting her jacket on, Sabrina started showing Sasha around. 
“I’m planning to make this place into Jadeborough’s most exclusive, high-class leisure and entertainment area. Imagine all the rich people who will come here to spend their money! What do you think?” 
Sasha just looked at her, unwilling to say anything else. 
Is she actually here for business, or is this another one of her plots to get her man? 
Sasha could feel a headache coming on. 
However, the more she looked around, the more she realized that this place was actually in extremely good shape.
She had no idea what it looked like before, but the place was absolutely packed now and had quite a lot to offer too. 
“Sabrina, where have you been? We haven’t cut the cake yet!” 
“Don’t leave us like that next time!” 
All of a sudden, a bunch of young men and women appeared from one of the private rooms and hurried over to pull Sabrina away. 
Sasha was taken aback. 
Are these her friends? Didn’t she just come here? How did she make close friends so quickly? 
She looked at Sabrina, who seemed to be comfortable even among the throng of young men who had their arms slung over her. 
“I didn’t leave you! My sister-in-law is here. Let me introduce you all. This is Sasha, my sister-in-law,” Sabrina said as she gestured at Sasha. 
Those people immediately stopped clowning around and looked at Sasha seriously. 
Sabrina was known for being the beloved daughter of the Hayes family, so naturally, everyone knew who her brother was as well. 
“Ah, Mrs. Hayes. I’m sorry, we didn’t notice you just now.” 
“Yes, we didn’t mean to ignore you. We’re friends with Ms. Hayes over here, and since her bar just opened, we just wanted to come over to support her and join in the fun.” 
“That’s right!”
They immediately started treating Sasha with the respect that Sabrina had never gotten. 
Sabrina was kind of annoyed. 
We’re both from the Hayes family, so why are they treating us so differently? 
“It’s all right. Thank you for taking care of my sister. She’s new here, so it means a lot,” Sasha said graciously. 
###Chapter 893
Chapter 893
Everyone except for Sasha and Sabrina walked back inside. 
It was almost time for Sasha to pick up her kids, so she prepared to leave. 
“Where are you staying? Send me the address so I can pop by and visit.” 
“Visit? Can’t you just come here and help me out?” 
“What?” Sasha thought she was hallucinating. “Help you out?” 
Sabrina nodded. “Yeah. You’re not doing anything at Oceanic Estate anyway, and you’re not working at that shabby hospital. Why not come by and help me when you’re free?” 
“But I’ve never done this stuff before.” 
“You just have to help me keep an eye on the money. It’s kind of risky not having someone I trust working in such a big bar with me. You wouldn’t want to see me exhaust myself either, right?” 
Wow. She’s playing the relative card. 
Sasha couldn’t exactly say no after that, so she agreed to come by during the day if she wasn’t busy for as long as Sebastian was gone. 
Half an hour later, Sasha arrived at the elementary school. 
While it wasn’t as pretty as Opal Garden Academy, it was a rather good school since it was under the military. It was well facilitated and was overall much better than other public schools out there.
That’s why children that don’t manage to enter Opal Garden Academy would be sent here instead, using whatever methods necessary. 
After driving to the school, Sasha asked the guard at the gates, “Hi, are the first graders out yet?” 
There was no longer any need for personal bodyguards after transferring here. It was the military base, after all, and it was under the Jadesons, so no one in their right minds would risk their lives to harm a few kids. 
Still, it had to be said that the school’s attitude was pretty bad. 
“They come out at 5 p.m. Didn’t you check the parents’ group chat?” the guard replied impatiently. 
The parents’ group chat? 
She had just transferred her kids to the school, so how was she supposed to know about that? 
All she could do was wait patiently at the gates. 
Luckily, since it was rather close to the end of the school day, quite a few parents were also waiting at the gates. Someone came over to talk to Sasha after overhearing her conversation. 
“You don’t come to pick your kids up often, do you? Since you don’t even know about the group chat.” 
“Yeah. I’m usually quite busy,” Sasha randomly fibbed. 
The parent immediately kept the conversation going. “That’s not right. What could be more important than your kids? It’s pretty hard to even get into this school.” 
“Is it?” 
“Of course! Which class is your kid in? I’ll add you to the group chat.”
What an enthusiastic parent. 
She told the parent all three of her kids’ classes and got added into the WhatsApp group chat. 
“Don’t talk too much in this group chat, all right? Just answer the teachers once in a while and keep an eye out for any announcements. If you don’t watch yourself, you might even end up offending some kid’s parents.” 
Why does that sound so backhanded? Also, which parent should I be scared of offending anyway? Aren’t the teachers the most important people in a group chat like this? 
Sasha really couldn’t understand what the parent was trying to say until the teacher suddenly sent a message. 
Class Teacher: Dear parents, the kids had a test today and many of them did rather well. 
Following closely was a picture of the class name list along with each kid’s results next to their names. 
Sasha skimmed through the list and suddenly became extremely alert at the sight of a big fat ‘0’ behind her kids’ names. 
What are those two little brats up to? 
Sasha started to feel a bit agitated. 
After the parents saw the name list and results, they started discussing wildly. 
Sally’s Mom: Oh, my kid did all right. It’s within my expectations. 
Stanley’s Dad: Good job to Sally! Your girl’s quite bright. I can’t believe her results were only within your expectations. As expected of a smart kid.
Mikey’s Mom: I agree. 
Janet’s Dad: @Stanley’s Dad, your son did very well too. Ninety and above for all three subjects is exceptional. 
Sally’s Mom: I agree. You don’t have to be all modest. 
In just a few minutes, the parents had flooded the group chat as they sang praises for each other’s kids and completely ignored the teacher. 
All Sasha wanted to do was run in and interrogate her boys about their horrible results. 
Suddenly, the group chat started talking about them. 
Sally’s Mom: Speaking of which, who are those two kids who got a zero? Are they new? 
Mikey’s Mom: I think so. 
Sally’s Mom: Still, zero marks? Didn’t they transfer from Opal Garden Academy? How could they get zero marks for a simple test? 
Stanley’s Dad: Hahaha. I know, right? 
Those three simple words perfectly showed how much they looked down on Ian and Matteo. 
Sasha was absolutely taken aback. 
When their three kids had transferred over, Sebastian had made sure to tell Jonathan not to let anyone know who they were. As such, everyone thought they were just normal children. 
###Chapter 894
Chapter 894
They had also been registered as “Hayes” instead of “Jadeson”, but that still wasn’t a reason to treat them so lowly. 
This was a parents’ group chat, after all. Didn’t they have even this basic sense of respect? 
Sasha was in disbelief. 
The bell finally rang, and Sasha walked in with her card in hand. 
As expected, the Grade 1 Class 4 classroom was already surrounded by parents waiting eagerly. 
Every one of them was dressed to the nines, and the women had expensive purses to top it all off. 
As for the men, if they weren’t on a phone call with their expensive briefcases between their arms, then they were purposely flashing their wrists adorned with pricey watches as they scrolled through their first- class mobile phones. 
“Mrs. Lane, Jean did exceptionally well today. Maybe you can give her a nice reward when you get home.” 
“Mr. Lynch, Jayden is a really bright kid. He got a few questions wrong, but I’m sure he’ll do even better for the next test.” 
“Mrs. Thompson!” 
The teacher started calling out each child from the classroom.
As each kid came outside, she started patiently explaining their results and describing what they could do to improve to their parents. 
After that, all the parents went home happily. 
Then it was time for Ian and Matteo to be called. 
“Mrs. Hayes? Is Mrs. Hayes here?” 
“Yes, I’m here,” Sasha quickly answered. 
As soon as she answered, the parents who had been crowding around the classroom immediately parted ways for her to step forward. 
She felt everyone’s eyes on her. 
So she’s the mom of those twins, everyone was probably thinking. 
They were curious, but above that, they were severely doubting the twins’ intelligence due to their results. 
Their stares toward Sasha were mostly filled with pity and disdain. 
Sasha didn’t care about them and approached the teacher. “Hi, I’m their mother.” 
“Ah, so you’re finally here. Mrs. Hayes, do you know what your kids did at school today? It was bad enough that they left their exam sheet blank, but they even started a fight with Stanley!” 
“Huh?” 
That didn’t only shock everyone around them, but also Sasha. 
“A fight?”
“Yes! Stanley brought a toy with him, but your son wanted to snatch it away. When Stanley tried to take it back, Matteo punched him! Look!” 
The teacher pulled a small boy with a bruised face out of the classroom and pointed at his injury angrily. 
Sasha fell dead silent. 
Why are they starting fights when they only just got transferred here? 
Sasha felt her anger bubbling up and pulled her sons closer to her. “What happened? Why are you snatching other kids’ belongings?” 
“But we didn’t snatch anything, Mommy! That toy was Ian’s Transformers figurine, but Stanley took it and said it was his. He even pushed him! That’s why I had to push him back,” Matteo said honestly. 
Ian’s expression was dark, but he wasn’t disagreeing. 
However, the little boy named Stanley Cade suddenly yelled, “You liar! That’s mine! My dad bought it for me from overseas. How could a hillbilly like you have a toy like that?” 
He was barely seven years old, and yet he was already talking like this. 
Matteo’s temper reached its peak once again. He rolled up his sleeves, preparing to land another punch. 
Just about then, a man with a briefcase in hand and his gelled hair slicked back emerged from the crowd. 
“What’s wrong? Is that my son?” he barked loudly. 
His voice was powerful and commanding, and the force of it almost caused the glass windows to shake. 
Sasha frowned and immediately pulled both of her sons closer to her.
“Dad, they were the ones who snatched my toy and even hit me!” Stanley began to wail exaggeratedly. 
He began to sob and cry and continued framing Ian and Matteo. 
The middle-aged man immediately approached Sasha and the kids angrily. 
“Impressive! You just came and you’re already beating people up. Whose kids are you?” 
Sasha stepped in front of Ian and Matteo, protecting them. 
“Please calm down. We still have to look further into this matter because there’s no proof.” 
“Proof? Are you saying my son is framing your kids?” the man barked again. 
“Stanley has always been an outstanding student. He’s studious and is also the class monitor, so how could a kid like that lie for something like a toy?” 
“Yes. Everyone here can attest to that.” 
“I agree!” 
Everyone started to defend the middle-aged man and his son, as if they had agreed beforehand to gang up on Sasha and her sons. 
###Chapter 895
Chapter 895
Moreover, the most terrible thing was that a parent started to egg on, “I think it’s better to call the principal to deal with a student like this. After all, not everyone can enroll in Military Elementary School.” 
“I agree!” someone agreed to the proposal. 
When Sasha heard that, she was mad. 
Just as she wanted to argue that the toy belonged to her son, a pair of small hands suddenly grabbed her. 
“It’s fine, Mommy. Let’s stop arguing with him. I’ll apologize to him.” Then, Matteo walked toward Stanley. 
All Sasha could do was watch on in anger. 
Shortly afterward, Matteo apologized sincerely to Stanley, who was still in tears, “Stanley, I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. I shouldn’t have snatched your toy and hit you. I hope you can forgive me, and I promise I won’t do that again in the future.” 
Instantaneously, Stanley gave him a triumphant look. “Sure. If you crawl between my legs, I’ll forgive you.” 
What? Is this really what a child would say? 
Hearing that, Sasha completely lost her mind. She glanced at the unconcerned people around her and stepped forward, wanting to pull Matteo back to prevent him from being humiliated by a child with such bad manners.
However, Matteo looked at Stanley and smiled. 
“Okay. But you have to be careful tomorrow because I’ll expose the fact that you copied Freya’s answers in the examination.” 
In an instant, Stanley was rendered speechless by his words. 
“Also, are you sure the toy is yours? All of us are well aware that Ian has played with it for several years, and there are still his teeth marks on it. I don’t mind letting you take it out tomorrow and ask him to bite on it again in front of all our classmates.” 
Matteo said those words softly. It was so soft that only Stanley could hear him. 
This brat deserves to be taught a lesson. If only Mommy wasn’t here alone now; otherwise, Ian and I would have definitely made him regret his actions today. It’s too bad we’re afraid that she’ll be frightened. 
Immediately, Stanley’s face turned pale. 
He dared not make any more demands and left in a panic after taking his father’s hand. 
When the parents standing at the door saw that the situation had been resolved, all of them dispersed in a flash. In the end, only Sasha and her sons remained in the classroom. 
“Mrs. Hayes, although Stanley’s father decided not to pursue the matter further, I hope you can take this matter seriously. The children are attending the school to gain knowledge, not to fight and create trouble, don’t you agree?” 
“Yes. You’re right.” 
“Also, your sons aren’t taking their classes seriously. They’re always doing their own things when the teachers are teaching. In this exam, both of them scored zero marks, and their younger sister in the next class only scored around thirty points too.”
Listening to the teacher’s words, Sasha was bereft of speech. 
In the meantime, both Matteo and Ian put their hands on their foreheads. 
Stupid Vivi. What should we do? 
Only after Sasha assured the teacher again and again that she would lecture her children was she able to bring her two sons out of the classroom and pick up her daughter. Soon, the four of them left the school. 
“Can the two of you explain why you scored zero marks in the exam this time?” 
As soon as they got into the car, Sasha could not hold back anymore. While driving, she stared at the two boys through the rearview mirror and questioned them. 
Once Vivian heard that, she widened her eyes in shock. 
Matt and Ian scored zero points? Seriously? That’s amazing! I finally scored higher than them for once! 
“Mommy, those questions are retarded. Answering them is an insult to our intelligence.” 
“What did you say?” 
Sasha was so infuriated that she almost stepped on the brake on the spot. 
At that moment, Ian, who was more obedient and sensible, responded, “Stanley hid our test papers. When we finally got them back and were about to answer the questions, the time was already up.” 
“Didn’t you tell the teacher?” 
“We told her, but nothing came of it.” Matteo shrugged his shoulders with a face full of disdain.
Sasha was seething with rage. For a long time, she held the steering wheel with a grim expression. 
This terrible school has such a pernicious atmosphere. But why did Sebastian say it’s a decent school and even transfer the children here? 
Furious, she decided to talk to Sebastian about the matter when she arrived home. She wanted the children to leave the school and study in a healthier environment as soon as possible. 
Unbeknownst to her, the children immediately gathered in their room after she went upstairs. 
“Have you made up your mind on what to do tomorrow?” 
“I’m going to give him a taste of his own medicine,” enunciated Ian with a gloomy face while gritting his teeth. 
Hearing that, Matteo laughed. “Okay! We’ll treat it as revenge for your Transformers figurine then. I’ve never been so angry like today as well. How dare he ask me to crawl between his legs!” 
The next moment, he stuffed the potato chips in his hand into his mouth and crushed them with loud crunching sounds. 
On the other hand, Vivian stared at her two brothers and felt confused. 
Why are they so angry today? I had a good day today, though. Everyone in the class played with me, and the teacher treated me well after they helped her repair her phone. 
###Chapter 896
Chapter 896
At the same time, Sasha was sending messages to Sebastian, who was in the military base. 
What made her even more incensed was that the parents in the WhatsApp group began to talk about the incident again. 
Sasha: Darling, look at this! What kind of school is this? How could these parents say something like this? 
Immediately after she sent the message, she took a screenshot of the group chat and sent it to him. 
Grade 1 Class 4 Group Chat 
Mikey’s Mom: @Stanley’s Dad, is your son okay? Did you bring him to the doctor? 
Sally’s Mom: Yeah, he was hurt so badly earlier. Why didn’t the parents of those twins say anything? They just transferred here, and they’re already beating others up like this. Will our children be in danger from now on? 
Jayden’s Dad: I’m so scared. Who are they? Why did they suddenly transfer to our school? 
Sally’s Mom: I heard that they transferred from Opal Garden Academy. 
As soon as Opal Garden Academy was mentioned, it caused an uproar in the group chat. 
That was because Opal Garden Academy was said to be the best school in Jadeborough, but they only cared about accepting students with good academic performance. Hence, not every student in it was from a rich family.
After Sasha read the messages of those parents that were full of disdain and contempt, she was filled with indignation. 
Sasha: Do you see this? What kind of parents are these? 
Darling: What’s so strange about this? All of them are influential figures in this city. 
Sasha: What did you say? 
She looked at the reply in astonishment and froze on the spot. 
Influential figures? Then, this school… 
Darling: Opal Garden Academy is a public school, but the enrollment requirements are strict. The children born to these powerful figures are all good-for-nothings. Except for this school, where else can they go? 
Sasha: Then, isn’t this school worse? It’s concentrated with all these second generations of officials. 
Darling: What’s so bad about that? Isn’t your son the second generation of an official as well? 
In an instant, she was rendered speechless while staring at Sebastian’s reply. 
No, they’re not the second generation. They’re the fourth generation! Wait, that isn’t the main point. Most importantly, has he admitted that his descendants are the second generation of officials? Also, what does he mean by this? Knowing that it’s full of second generations of officials, he still sent the children there? Isn’t he afraid that with the temperament and IQ of his sons, they’ll cause a lot of trouble? For instance, they’d already started today. 
The more she thought about it, the more uneasy she felt. 
Sasha: Darling, are you planning something again?
Darling: No. 
There was another moment of silence. 
After waiting for a long time, she was about to put down the phone. At that moment, he sent her a voice message. 
“Let Mark settle this kind of thing in the future. You stay at home and tidy up the room. I’ll be back in a few days.” 
Suddenly, he changed the topic. 
He’ll be back in a few days? 
When Sasha heard his magnetic and deep voice, she instantly forgot everything and was so happy that she almost lost her sense of direction. 
Sasha: Okay, Darling. I’ll do it right away. 
Then, she tossed the phone aside and ran to the third floor to clean up the room happily. 
On the other hand, Sebastian was relieved after seeing the last message on the phone and turned around to continue training. 
He was indeed planning something, and it was something big. 
However, he did not want her to get involved. 
Even Jonathan probably did not understand it. 
In fact, Jonathan really could not comprehend why Sebastian would transfer the children from the best school in Jadeborough to such a terrible school.
A week later, someone told him that many students in that elementary school began to transfer to another school, especially those with parents who held important posts. In just a few days, they had gone through the transfer procedures for their children. 
What happened? 
Looking at Mark, who was in charge of picking up the children, he asked, “What’s going on?” 
A fine sheen of sweat covered Mark’s forehead as he answered, “Mr. Ian and Mr. Matteo have been fighting almost every day in the school and beat them away.” 
“Beat them away?” Jonathan was in disbelief. “Why did they beat the others? Haven’t they always been well-behaved?” 
“Yes, they were well-behaved at first, but later, after the news about them transferring over from Opal Garden Academy was exposed, many students laughed at them and snatched their things. That was why Mr. Ian and Mr. Matteo started fighting with them.” 
Hearing that, Jonathan was at a loss for words. 
“So, they ran away after getting beaten up?” 
“Uh…” 
Mark did not dare to say that a large part of the reason those students would leave was that after they were beaten up by Ian and Matteo, they found out that the twins were actually the great-grandsons of the Jadesons. 
Then, they were scared away. 
No one in Jadeborough had seen the Jadesons send their children to such a school for so many years.
The children of the Jadesons were so precious that they were usually treated with utmost care. With such an identity, why would they come to such a school? 
Hence, the only explanation was that there had to be another purpose for them to transfer there. 
Upon realizing that, those parents could not help but think of the White family, who had just fallen out with the Jadesons not long ago. 
Everyone was afraid to get involved. 
Thus, on that night, many people moved away with their families. When the White House heard of the news, more than half of the Cabinet Council were no longer in Jadeborough. 
“Jonathan Jadeson!” Alfred furiously roared while reaching out to flip the table in front of him. 
###Chapter 897
Chapter 897
In a war, if one wanted to increase one’s chances of winning, removing the opponent’s supports first was indeed the best way. 
When Jonathan finally knew about it, he was shocked at first, but he felt ecstatic immediately afterward. 
“It seems like Mr. Sebastian is helping you out now.” 
“Yes.” Jonathan nodded, and his eyes were full of smiles. 
At the same time, Mark also smiled. “If that truly is the case, that would be great as we don’t have to worry about things anymore. With Mr. Sebastian’s abilities, dealing with the White House is like a walk in the park.” 
Jonathan agreed with him as well. 
He was well aware that if it were not for the powers he held in his hands, he would definitely not be able to fight against the White House all these years. 
Even Baylor was able to maneuver such brilliant and covert schemes. 
How could Jonathan be a match for that? 
Because of that, he had been tense and dared not to relax at all over the years, not until he found the proud grandson that he once lost. 
At that moment, he decided that he would personally pick Sebastian up on the day he came out. 
In the meantime, Sasha was also waiting.
That day, she went to Sabrina’s bar and told her about the good news. “Sebastian is coming back.” 
“Really?” 
As expected, Sabrina, who was learning to mix cocktails with the bartender, widened her eyes in surprise. 
“When he’s back, bring him here to celebrate, won’t you?” 
“Okay. We can take this opportunity to call Devin out too,” teased Sasha. 
In an instant, Sabrina blushed with embarrassment. Then, she glared at Sasha angrily, turned around, and continued to mix drinks. 
After staying for a while, Sasha went back to work. 
“Shae, look, this is the bar I told you. How is it? Isn’t the environment splendid?” 
Just as Sasha was about to head over to the office for work, a large group of young men and women came into the bar. 
The person who was at the head of the group was wearing a white dress, her long black hair hanging over her shoulders. At first glance, she looked surprisingly gorgeous. 
Shanae Woods? Why is she here? 
After Sasha caught a glimpse of the woman, she immediately recognized who she was. 
“Not bad.” 
However, Shanae did not notice Sasha. Standing among the group of people, she shot an arrogant look around the bar and nodded reluctantly.
When those people saw that, they instantly felt happy. 
“Then, we’ll celebrate your birthday party here. Finn, hurry up and book a private room.” 
“There’s no need to book a private room. Since it’s Shae’s birthday, of course we have to book the entire place!” 
A man dressed in fancy clothes, who looked like an heir from a wealthy family, boldly exclaimed that he would book the entire bar. 
Book the entire place? The daily revenue of the bar is at least three million. Since Sabrina is such a shrewd woman, this man will probably end up having to pay five million. Well, he seems to be extremely rich anyway. 
Sasha did not bother about them and went to do her work. 
Ten minutes later, Sabrina, who had come over, fiddled on the calculator on the bar counter. As Sasha expected, she quoted a price of five million. 
“Five million!” 
When those people heard that, all of them widened their eyes in shock. 
As the man who said that he would book the entire place, Finn Quigley’s face fell as well. 
“My daily turnover is more than four million. If you want to book the entire place, I will have to reject the business of some old customers. All those are losses, you know. Also, if you want to pursue a woman, you have to be generous. See, the woman of your dreams is not happy that you’re hesitating.” 
Finally, Sabrina sat at the bar counter and reminded Finn while glancing at Shanae. 
What a minx.
After being provoked, Finn finally gritted his teeth and agreed. 
When the group of people behind him heard that, they all cheered, and Shanae lifted her head proudly with a smug expression on her face. 
How could she feel upset when someone spent five million for her birthday? 
Hence, the bar was booked by that group of people for that day. They invited a lot of people and cut the cake at the center of the dance floor. 
That day, Shanae was adored and pampered by everyone present. 
In the meantime, Sabrina hid in the room and secretly sent someone a message. Since someone had booked the entire bar, she did not have much work to do. 
Sabrina: Devin, I’m free today. Should we go out for a meal? 
Devin: No. 
Sabrina: Why? Are you busy? I’ve been here for so many days. I don’t mind that you didn’t come to support me, but how can you reject my invitation for a meal too? 
Devin: … 
Sabrina: Fine. I won’t bother you anymore. 
Shortly afterward, she put down her phone as a depressed look took over her face. 
A few minutes later, Sasha, who was in the office auditing the accounts, saw a dejected woman standing at the door. 
“You wanna have a meal together?”
“Huh? Now?” Sasha looked at the watch on her wrist. 
Infuriated, Sabrina responded, “Yes! Only after eating can I have the strength to work!” 
###Chapter 898
Chapter 898
Sasha had no idea where this woman’s bountiful flirtatiousness stemmed from but since it was a lunch invitation, she decidedly tidied up and stepped out. 
“Well, come on.” 
“Oh, all right…” 
Sabrina was finally sufficiently satisfied. She snapped her fingers and the two of them prepared to set off. 
It was at this moment that a server from the bar hustled over. “Boss, the gentleman who booked the entire place said that he wants us to help with the decoration. The flowers and balloons have already arrived. Should we go ahead with his request?” 
Decoration? Does he think that this is his wedding venue? 
The short-fused Sabrina reflexively thought about declining the request but Sasha held her back. 
“Since you’ve accepted such a generous payment from him, surely it’s not that big of a deal to lend a hand? It’s not like you have to do it yourself.” 
Sabrina twitched her lips and grunted grudgingly. 
Following that, she sent some people to move the delivered flowers, balloons, and the likes inside. 
“Wow. This rich brat’s quite the lavish spender, isn’t he? Buying this many white roses must have cost a bomb.” 
“Of course, each and every stalk was directly air-flown from overseas.”
“Damn… Air-flown, huh? Isn’t it just a birthday celebration? Who’s the girl that this wealthy scion is splashing out so much money for?” 
Those assigned to the task started to speculate fervently amongst themselves because all of the flowers that were delivered were non-native and unavailable locally. Everyone became intrigued by Shanae. 
Sasha was not around and Sabrina had no idea who Shanae was. She was scrutinizing the flowers in the workers’ hands when she overheard their exchange. 
Imported? Haha. That has got to be the lowest quality stuff. 
Sabrina took it upon herself to direct the staff to move everything to the bar’s main dance floor. 
“Hey, pretty boy. Your stuff’s here. How do you want them to be set up?” 
“Go check with Shae.” 
Unexpectedly, that rich boy pointed his finger at the stage. Seated right in front of it was a girl in a white dress who was the center of everyone’s attention. 
Sabrina’s sight, too, naturally fell upon her. 
Truth be told, the high and mighty Sabrina Hayes had never served anyone before. For the sake of that five million, however, she decided to make an exception, just for today. 
Sabrina thus strolled over. “Tell us how you want it done, sugar.” 
Shanae rolled her eye at Sabrina. “How will y’all be able to turn this dump into anything half-decent? Just go on ahead and do whatever.” 
The quietly seething Sabrina was that close to flipping the table and storming off.
What the hell? She was outraged by that slight. 
Finn happened to be walking by. When he heard Shanae’s words, he immediately started to pacify her. “What sort of decorations would you like, Shae? How about we all work together to get it done?” 
“Yeah, Shae. Just say the word and we’ll make it happen.” 
A minor commotion broke out below the stage when the people who had gathered there seconded his proposal. 
Sabrina watched as that lass impassively turned her eyes skyward while she sat there. “The Dysonii. Do you guys know how to create that?” 
“Why, yes! Of course we do!” 
The group nodded agreeably before they rolled up their sleeves and got to work. 
What the heck is a Dysonii? 
Sabrina’s brows furrowed. She had no clue as to the meaning of the term. 
However, she felt a little more at ease once she saw how this group seemed able to execute their task without the involvement of her own people. Hence, she decided to pack it in and head out with Sasha as they had earlier planned. 
“Say, who’s this Shanae?” 
“Don’t you know she’s the scion of the Woods family? That illustrious family of academics based in Jadeborough?” 
Sabrina suddenly overheard someone discussing the girl’s identity on her way out.
An illustrious family of academics? 
Not exactly well-informed culturally, Sabrina was not able to grasp the significance of this girl’s stature. 
Regardless, she inferred from what she did manage to pick up that the girl must be someone rather important. With that understanding, she became less surprised as to why the girl had so many people fawning over her. 
Sabrina was about to make her exit when she was stopped in her tracks. 
“Um, why are you leaving, Boss? Aren’t you going to stay and assist us?” 
“What?” Sabrina turned back wide-eyed. She thought she might have misheard the question. “Assist you?” 
“That’s right. Don’t you know how many bouquets we’ll need to put together to form a Dysonii? We paid good money for this, so surely you’re not expecting to be doing nothing.” 
One of the girls in the crowd immediately started to gripe when she saw that Sabrina still did not seem to get it. That displeasure quickly spread to the others in the group. 
Most of their unhappiness seemed to be directed at the bar staff for not pulling their weight. 
In spite of her own chagrin, Sabrina contained herself upon considering that the bar had only started operation recently. Subsequently, she recalled her staff and then proceeded to assist with the decoration effort. 
It was at that point that she realized they were supposed to bunch up the roses into the shapes resembling a butterfly’s wing, secure the creations with a string, and tack them onto the bar’s wall. 
Are you crazy? Is it necessary to go to such lengths?
When Sabrina saw the manner in which her staff was being pushed around, the habitually volatile woman decided that she had had enough. 
“Hang on a second here. What’s this for? To have this place looking like a butterfly? Is this approach even necessary? Can’t you just arrange them directly? Why do you have to make it so troublesome?” 
“Arrange them?” 
Her comment prompted a sharp retort. “Do you think this is something you can simply clobber together? The arrangement you described can only be created by a skilled floral artist.” 
###Chapter 899
Chapter 899
“That’s right. Would we need to mess around here if we were that good at it?” 
“Forget it. There’s no point explaining too much. She just runs a bar and probably doesn’t have any understanding of something as sophisticated as floral art.” 
That last part was the straw that broke the camel’s back. 
Floral arrangement is the mark of sophistication? 
Should that be the case, would someone like her, who cuts a stalk or two from her garden at home to fiddle with out of boredom, not be immersed in acts of sophistication day in, day out? 
Sabrina found the comment terribly absurd. 
She scrutinized all the scornful looks from those around her, including that of Shanae. Shanae’s gaze was especially vile, as though she thought Sabrina was pathetic. 
Me? Pathetic? 
Sabrina bent down and gathered a few stalks of roses. She trimmed them up to their peduncles and then gently massaged the flower buds. 
All those around her were astonished to see the closed buds starting to open up. 
That was not all. After she was done with that step, she got someone from the bar to fetch her some steel wires.
The steel support was threaded through the peduncles and then maneuvered in such a way that fastened the flowers together. By doing so, she had created a cluster of blossoms that seemingly came straight from the gardens themselves. The crowd before her gawked. 
This… This is simply incredible! 
They had been painstakingly stringing the flowers, one by one, before grouping them together on the wall to form an ocean of blossoms. On the other hand, the proprietress of this bar managed to create the same effect with much less effort. 
“This… is akin to the floral art from Thymion. This is no longer floral arrangement but a work of artisanal proficiency.” 
“Really?” Someone who knew a thing or two about the topic exclaimed when she saw this bouquet. 
Everyone was in a state of stunned disbelief. 
Shanae, too, looked thoroughly embarrassed when she saw that bouquet for herself. 
How could this bar operator know how to do this? 
According to what she heard, floral art from Thymion was much more arduous than the floral arrangement practiced locally. Only the wealthiest folks had the means to commission such works. 
This woman knows how to do it. What does this imply? 
Shanae then withdrew her own surprised gaze as resentment took over. 
Conversely, Sabrina demonstrated magnanimity by introducing these yokels to a truly skilled floral arrangement. With a wave of her hand, she gestured to her staff to follow suit. 
After ten minutes or so, the work was close to completion and Sabrina was ready to leave.
“Let’s have lunch, Sasha. Let’s go!” She beckoned to Sasha once again. 
At this moment, a towering man decked out in an olive green military outfit suddenly showed up outside the bar’s entrance. Upon entering the premises, his keen eyes casually swept across the interior and landed on her. 
“Sabrina?” 
“Huh?” Sabrina, who was still barking out instructions, immediately turned around. 
“Devin? You’re back!” 
Letting out a cry of exhilaration, she stopped short of jumping for joy when she saw the handsome man coming toward her. 
Devin acknowledged her with a nod. “Yeah. I was just passing through the area. What are you doing? Have you eaten yet?” 
He seemed to be a little evasive—or perhaps his behavior could be better described as not as forthcoming as he had been before. 
Not that Sabrina cared that much about the details, though. She was already over the moon when she learned that the man came by to ask her to dine together. 
“Come on out, Sasha. Devin’s here to join us for lunch.” She raised her voice even louder. 
Sasha did not hear her holler, however. Instead, Sabrina’s words caught the attention of Shanae who was being cheered on by the riotous masses to cut that three-tiered cake in the middle of the bar’s dance floor. 
Devin?
She wondered if she heard it correctly. Why would anyone be calling that name here? 
When she lifted her eyes, she chanced upon the unexpected sight of a bodacious woman throwing herself into the arms of a statuesque man near the bar counter. 
Actually, Sabrina was merely grasping Devin’s arm; she was not throwing herself into his embrace, per se. 
That, however, was enough to infuriate Shanae, because the latter had come to recognize the tall and dashing man to be the very guy who she clamored for. Devin, the son of the Jadesons! 
What is he doing here and what’s the deal with that woman? Isn’t she the owner of this bar? Why is she being so chummy with him? 
Shanae’s pretty face stiffened. No longer in the mood to cut the cake, she chucked the plastic knife aside, lifted the hem of her dress, and stormed over. 
Tension filled the entire room. Even Finn, who was on one knee with a blue box in his hands, looked bewildered. 
Oblivious to what was transpiring on the dance floor, Sabrina continued to cling onto the man’s arm. “Where shall we go later?” 
“Let go of me first!” 
“What cuisine should we go for? Angladurn or Chanaean? I heard that there’s a Chartreuse Heritage Kitchen here with an exceptional menu. Why don’t we head over there and try it out?” 
Sabrina paid no heed to the man’s struggle. 
###Chapter 900
Chapter 900
As before, she was being unabashedly clingy around him; she only tightened her tentacle-like grip on his arm when he tried to shake her off. 
The veins on Devin’s temples pulsed amidst his trepidation. That was when a white silhouette arrived at their side. 
That figure stopped before them while they tussled away and pulled Sabrina away from the man without warning. She then sent one tight slap across Sabrina’s face. 
Slap! 
Its crisp sound reverberated throughout the bar and turned it deathly silent. 
Sabrina mentally blanked out from that backhand and stayed that way for a long time 
Even Devin was dumbstruck for a moment. His eyes then widened when he recognized who the newcomer was. 
He had not had the opportunity to speak before that figure in white started to berate Sabrina. “Who gave you permission to pester my fiancé like that, you shameless slut? Who the hell do you think you are? How dare you consider yourself fit enough for him?” 
Time seemingly came to a standstill for Sabrina. Upon hearing the woman’s words, Sabrina turned and gave her a ferocious kick. 
“Ah!” shrieked Shanae as she was ejected like a cannonball. 
Everyone was dumbstruck by what unfolded before them. Devin, too, was so stunned that even his basic cognitive functions seemed to have deserted him. 
Could that damned woman get any more violent than that?
“What did you just call me? Huh? I dare you to repeat that to my face!” 
Upon seeing Shanae sprawling on the floor like a dead stray, the still-seething Sabrina went up to her and drove the heel of her stiletto right into Shanae’s face. 
“Ahhh!” 
Not only did Shanae wail in anguish, but those who had come to throw a birthday bash for her also covered their mouths and gasped. Never before had they encountered such a belligerent woman! 
“You ought to know that I have never in my life had anyone call me shameless or dared lay a hand on me. You really have the guts, huh?” 
With eyes bloodshot, Sabrina drove her foot down forcefully. 
To be honest, Sabrina genuinely had no qualms about killing anyone, but the man behind her suddenly strode over and reached out to grab hold of her. He was looking very stern. 
“What do you think you’re doing, Sabrina? Get your foot off her.” 
Sabrina then turned her head around to look at him. 
In the midst of her rampage just now, she seemed to recall that Shanae spoke of Devin as her fiancé. That was also what seemed to have triggered her. 
Fiancé? Since when did he have a fiancée? 
Sabrina’s eyes narrowed in an instant. “Who is she? And what’s your relationship with her?” 
That was greeted by silence from Devin.
“Devin Jadeson, you… Hurry up and get her off me. Know that I’m your fiancée. Should anything untoward happen to me today, my Grandpa won’t let you hear the end of it! You Jadesons are going to have a lot to answer to!” 
At this pivotal moment, Shanae started to cry out whilst still trapped under Sabrina’s high heel. 
The color drained from Sabrina’s face, and at the same time, she felt her own arm being pulled at so aggressively that she lost her balance and stumbled a few steps. 
“That’s enough from you, Sabrina!” 
“What did you just say?” 
Sabrina lifted her head to look at the man who still had his hands on her. She was unable to wrap her own head around what she heard. 
Not only did Devin drag her away and castigate her, but he also had a long face upon seeing Shanae on the floor. 
He then relinquished his grip on Sabrina and went over to assist the other woman onto her feet. 
In that instant, the remnant of the fire inside Sabrina was doused. She had lost all enthusiasm for everything pertaining to this man. 
She realized that despair could come so easily. 
Coincidentally, Sasha finally emerged. She reacted with dismay at the mess that transpired in the bar and immediately approached the ashen-faced Sabrina. 
“What happened here?”
“…It’s nothing. Let’s go. I’m starving already,” Sabrina wistfully said with half of her face red and swollen. 
Sasha clenched her fists. 
Feeling a terrifying chill emanating from Sabrina, Sasha shot a look at the pair standing together not far away. 
She held Sabrina and led her away. 
After the two ladies left, the atmosphere in the bar became much more relaxed. 
“How are you doing?” 
Devin still had his hands around Shanae’s arms. 
That kick from Sabrina packed quite a wallop, indeed, as she had been trained before—and especially when it was doled out in a fit of jealous fury. Thus, it was understandable for Shanae to be still reeling from the attack. 
Never before been so humiliated, Shanae became agitated again when she heard Devin’s words. 
“What do you think? Believe me when I say that I’m not going to just let this matter slide!” 
###Chapter 901
Chapter 901
“What do you intend to do about it then?” Devin suddenly found himself scoffing. “Let me get this straight, Shanae. One, we’re not engaged; it’s solely your grandfather’s own desire to have you married to me. Two, you’re the one who struck her first, which prompted her to retaliate in kind. Wasn’t that to be expected?” 
There was no sentimentality in his eyes. His behavior was a complete turnaround from the moment he helped her up and checked on her. 
Gone was his gentleness, and in its place was a kind of frostiness that chilled her to the bone. 
Shanae was no longer able to muster up the strength to vent. 
“W-What did you just say?” 
“Did I not make it obvious enough for you? I’m giving you a way to bow out in grace on account of my mother. After all, she still has to return to the Woods residence from time to time.” 
Shanae took it in silently while he spoke. 
“Also, what did you call her just now? May I remind you to take a good look at yourself the next time you decide to insult someone!” 
Devin did not mince his words and even purposefully pointed toward what was left of the birthday party at the bar’s dance floor. 
Shanae grew pale when she arched her head over.
There, Finn, the wealthy scion who had thrown the party today in her honor, continued to await foolishly with a huge bouquet of roses in one hand and a velvety sapphire blue box in the other. 
Who was the real shameless one? 
Who was the least deserving of all? 
Everyone else knew better. 
“So, who is she, really?” 
“What do you think?” Devin sneered derisively as he countered with a question of his own. 
Shanae spoke no more. She had already guessed the answer from the moment Sasha made her appearance. The woman that even the wife of the Hayes Corporation president regards in such a sisterly manner… 
And then there’s her overt brashness and proclivity for violence… 
Shanae’s face went pallid again. This time, it was because she figured out who Sabrina was. When she recalled the absurdity of her own conduct here at the bar, her nails nearly dug their way into her own palms. 
Devin ignored her. He walked toward the main entrance of the bar. 
“Do you think it’s possible for you to be with her, Devin? So what if she’s the young lady of the Hayes family? Do you think your family will approve of your relationship?” 
Shanae abruptly raised a sharp question which made Devin freeze in his tracks. 
Shanae’s expression grew increasingly sardonic. “I bet you don’t even have the answer to that yourself. Otherwise, why would you have helped me up just now?”
Devin kept his back to her. A crisp cracking sound was heard from his clenched knuckles. 
At this moment, the mood of this otherwise characteristically amiable man took a frightening downturn… 
Sasha was finally able to settle down for a meal together with Sabrina. 
She had no idea what happened inside the bar before her own appearance, but she did notice that Sabrina had left her food mostly untouched. 
That already suggested the seriousness of the situation. 
“Sab..” 
“You can have the bar. I don’t want it anymore.” 
While the disconsolate Sabrina looked at the scene outside the window, she spoke up so suddenly that it nearly made Sasha spit out her coffee. 
We’re barely a couple of days into operation. What’s gotten into her again? 
Sasha placed her cup down. “Your reason being?” 
A disinterested Sabrina replied, “Why do I need to have a reason for anything? This isn’t your first day knowing me; I’ve always done things on a whim. I just don’t feel like doing it anymore. It’s fine if you don’t want to take over, though, cause I can always look to someone else.” 
Sasha quietly studied Sabrina. After a few seconds, the former still could not figure out how best to respond to the latter’s remark. 
The two parted ways after the meal. When Sasha went back to the Oceanic Estate, she picked up her phone and texted the man who had yet to return from military service.
Sasha: Darling, would you be able to return earlier? 
Darling: Why? What’s up? 
That man, as Sasha discovered, no longer made her wait too long when she texted him recently. Typically, he would get back to her within a few minutes. 
Sasha: Today, that Shanae went to Sab’s bar. Devin came by later as well, and they got into some sort of argument with Sab when they met. I’m not sure what happened but now Sab says she doesn’t want to stay here anymore. 
It took a while longer but Sebastian eventually texted back. 
Darling: She shouldn’t have come here in the first place. 
Sasha: Huh? 
That took Sasha by surprise and left her staring at those words for some time. 
Why would he say that? 
Isn’t he yet to recover? If so, why is he so decisive and firm with regards to this matter concerning his own sister? 
Sasha took a considerable pause before she sent out another message. 
Sasha: Do you feel that there will be no happy ending for Devin and her? 
Darling: What do you expect? Do you think the Jadesons would deem the Hayes good enough for them? Or do you think Jonathan Jadeson is like Frederick Hayes who needn’t consider his own son’s opinion when seeking a daughter-in-law?
Those last words made Sasha’s eyes pop. 
What does he mean by that? Is he talking about us? 
Does this mean… he has recovered? 
Sasha’s blood ran cold. Her ear buzzed and her heart thumped against her chest to the point that she felt it close to bursting. 
###Chapter 902
Chapter 902
Sasha: Are you starting to remember things, Darling? 
Darling: Such as? 
Sasha: That is… You mentioned our marriage. Have you recalled how we ended up being together? 
Sasha clasped onto her phone with bated breath and was so nervous that her palms got clammy. 
For whatever reason, he suddenly ceased correspondence after she sent this out. Meanwhile, there she was, all jittery as she waited in her room. 
Still, the phone stayed silent. 
Damn this man… 
She considered making a voice call but that was when she heard footsteps approaching from outside. 
“Are you up there, Sasha?” 
“Who is it?” 
Sasha could only put down her phone and come out. 
“Aunt Janice? What brought you here today?” She was quite surprised to see the middle-aged woman who had shown up out of the blue. 
This woman was Janice Durant, who had not made an appearance since the day of the feast.
Perhaps it was owing to what happened at that event that Janice now appeared particularly self- conscious before Sasha. 
“Yeah. Your grandfather wanted me to share with you how to manage a household. Have you done this before, Sasha?” Janice gently explained. 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
Manage a household? 
What does that mean? Why’s that old man doing this all of a sudden? 
Amidst her trepidation, Sasha asked, “What does he mean? Does he intend to… have me manage Oceanic Estate?” 
“Yes. Haven’t you noticed that there hasn’t been a female figurehead at Oceanic Estate for quite a while now? Since he did not take another wife after so many years and Stephen and the others moved out after they got married, everything had been left to Tony all this time. Now that you’re here, shouldn’t it be time for you to take charge of these matters?” 
Janice smiled and nodded as though it was only the natural course of things. Sasha, however, was completely flabbergasted. 
She had never thought about running things here because this was the one-and-only Oceanic Estate, the confluence point of the members of this most powerful family. What claim did she have as a granddaughter-in-law to start calling the shots around here? 
Besides, she had not even managed anything at the Hayeses. How was she able to run this place? 
Sasha tried to turn it down. “You’re teasing me, Aunt Janice. How would I know how to do this?”
That made Janice quite anxious. “I’m being serious here, really. Your grandfather’s waiting downstairs right now, so you can go verify this with him for yourself.” 
Following that, she straight up half-dragged the speechless and stupefied Sasha out of the room. 
Why would he want me to take charge of things when the Jadesons are not shorn of talented people? Discounting those who are too far away, would it not make sense to have his own eldest daughter-in-law, Jasmine, helm Oceanic Estate? 
After all, both Stephen and Jasmine had always been managing the family business. And with Jasmine herself often professing her desire to run things at home time and again, it was just incomprehensible why the old man would not just go to her. 
In a mixture of confoundment and sheer disbelief, Sasha was brought downstairs where she quickly spotted the old man seated in the hall. Apart from him, she saw that Devin’s father, Stephen, was present as well. 
“Dad, do you mean to tell me… that you also intend to let Sebastian manage the tempered glass factory?” 
“Is there a problem?” 
Jonathan glared at his own son with eyes widened and shot him down with a stern look of disapproval the moment he sensed the latter’s unwillingness to comply. 
That caused Stephen to shrink and immediately change his own tone. “No… It isn’t like that. I just wanted to ask which portion it is specifically that you wanted me to hand over.” 
“I was obviously referring to the glassworks and the smelting plant, as well the stocks held in several major state-owned enterprises.” Once again, Jonathan reiterated his point impatiently.
After Jonathan’s voice trailed off, Stephen looked even more perturbed as he stood rooted to the spot. 
What Jonathan mentioned, in actuality, formed the most significant portion of the assets held by the Jadesons. The tempered glass and smelting plant factories were direct suppliers of the military, thanks to the relationship the family had established with the military. 
Needless to say, the same was true of the stocks Jonathan mentioned. The businesses and the shareholding together had been the primary source of income for the family over many years. 
What would be left for me if such an important portfolio is to be surrendered to Sebastian now? Those few restaurants and that handful of supermarkets? What’s the use of these? I’m practically being reduced to a mere figurehead! 
Stephen had never felt this disheartened before. 
Sasha arrived downstairs. “You asked for me, Grandpa?” 
Jonathan nodded and gestured toward the chair in front of him for Sasha to settle herself into. “Ah, yes. Have Janice and Tony accompany you to The Ataraxy tomorrow and introduce yourself to the people there. Also, make a trip down to Gossamer Creek and let Janice be your guide.” 
Sasha was stunned. 
The Ataraxy? Gossamer Creek? Where are these places? 
Sasha did not understand the position she was put in, but the shift in the expressions of Stephen and Janice upon hearing the mention of those two locales was unmistakable. 
The Ataraxy was where Jared Jadeson resided. 
###Chapter 903
Chapter 903
Like Jonathan, Jared had not lived alongside his own children since his retirement and preferred a life of solitude in his original place of residence, which was The Ataraxy. 
Meanwhile, Gossamer Creek was where members of the branch family of the Jadesons were based. 
Therefore, Jonathan’s sudden intention to send Sasha to these places was apparent. As a result, Stephen left Oceanic Estate blue in the face. 
Jasmine was there waiting when he returned to the Red Pavilion. She immediately came up to him when she saw him. “How did it go, Stephen? What did Dad say?” 
“What could he have said? He has always favored him, so what else could he say?” 
For a moment, Stephen was concerned about not having an outlet for his pent-up frustrations. His wife’s inquiries instantly prompted him to rant unreservedly. 
Jasmine’s face became white as a sheet. 
“What does this mean? Is he really going to have you relinquish everything you have? How are we to survive in the future? How are we to profit when we have nothing left to milk?” 
“Profit? Never mind profit; you’ll be counting your lucky stars if you can even go on living!” Once more, Stephen replied with resentment. 
Being modest of talent and painfully aware that he had little to contribute toward the family, Stephen had long conducted himself extremely cautiously while with the Jadesons, especially in front of his father.
Hence, he had always given everything he had to whatever task Jonathan assigned him. 
Fortunately, he was Jonathan’s only son, so his old man kept looking out for him in the past decades. Because of this, he took up an administrative position in the military and had the opportunity to manage the family business. 
Had Sebastian not surfaced, perhaps he might have continued to live out the rest of his life in relative comfort. 
However, what caught him off guard was how quickly Sebastian’s appearance robbed Stephen of his own father’s affection. Not only that, but now Stephen was also expected to cough up all the power and prestige he held in his hands. 
Like a rooster defeated in a cockfight, he slumped into the couch in the living room, utterly deflated. 
“Not just myself. It’s game over even for you as well.” 
“Me?” Jasmine quickly sat next to him. “What do you mean by that?” 
The smirking Stephen continued, “Haven’t you always dreamt about becoming the lady of the house? Believe me when I tell you to kill that thought. Just now, the old man instructed Janice to bring Sasha to visit Uncle Jared and to make a trip to Gossamer Creek.” 
Jasmine was absolutely shocked. She stood there petrified; all she could hear was the humming in her own ears. 
What perks were there to becoming the lady of the house of the Jadesons? 
First was total control of the family’s wealth. 
Be it The Ataraxy or Gossamer Creek in the outskirts of the city, everyone in the family was dependent on the support of the business interests of the Jadesons to sustain their ways of life. The income would
first go to Oceanic Estate before it was redistributed to them by the lady of the house who presided over the family’s finances. 
Second was the right to speak. 
With Jonathan taking a hands-off approach to domestic matters and in the absence of a woman in charge, everything that the three branches of the family wanted to do previously had to go through the butler, Tony, before being presented to Jonathan himself. 
That was the only way to settle matters. 
During that time, Jasmine, by virtue of her marriage to Stephen, enjoyed the indubitable honor of being the only one who could pass the word along to Tony. 
Now, even this little bit of privilege was being stripped from her when the old man, within a few days of his arrival, decided to appoint Sasha as the lady of the house. 
Jasmine felt that she was going bonkers. 
“What right he has to do that? We’re his son and daughter-in-law, aren’t we? Why does he favor them? What’s more, we’re senior to them, so why does he treat us so shabbily? Haven’t we done enough for him all these years?” 
The more she questioned it, the more her outrage grew and she eventually took that all out on the items on the table which she left strewn across the floor. 
Stephen wanted to know why that was the case as well. 
Their anger, however, was for naught, as there was no way back once the old man had his mind made up.
Consumed by rage, discontent, and hatred, the middle-aged man sat there for a while before he finally stood up. Amidst his wife’s continued hysterics, he returned to his study. 
Inside the study was an old computer. 
Given his rather advanced age, he was not too used to newer technologies. When it was booted up, the computer automatically logged him into a messaging program and a chatbox opened up. 
Anon: How about it? Have you thought things through? 
Stephen was hesitant. 
With his outstretched fingers hovering over the keyboard, the apprehensive man had to overcome a bit of a struggle internally before he started to tap away steadily on the keys. 
Stephen: Are you certain that he will not be harmed? 
Anon: Positively. We are mercenaries, Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson. If all that the client wants is for him to go mad, we’ll make it that way. No reason at all for us to do anything to make ourselves a target of law enforcement, wouldn’t you agree? 
Stephen took a deep drawl as that seemed to ease his own emotional burden. 
A moment later, he finally typed: Okay. 
###Chapter 904
Chapter 904
He agreed to the arrangement and followed up by sending over a string of codes as well as the map of a military zone. 
Anon was duly satisfied when he received them. 
Anon: Excellent, Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson. Many thanks. 
Stephen: You’re not to threaten his life. See that you do as you’ve promised. 
He seemed to still be conflicted as he did not neglect to remind his counterpart toward the end. 
The response which came back, though, was ambiguously expressed. 
Anon: Rest assured, Lieutenant Colonel, that we’ll do as you asked since you do not wish to see him die at this present time. Trust me when I say that I’m much more competent than anyone you’ve approached before. 
The middle-aged man seated in front of the computer abruptly hunched over with his face contorted for a moment as though he had been hit in the gut. Then he slammed his hand on the keyboard and turned off the computer. 
That was his psychological wound that could not be healed. 
Back at Oceanic Estate. 
Through Janice’s explanation, Sasha slowly came to understand Jonathan’s plans for her. That hit her like another curveball.
Did this old man experience some kind of trauma that led him to make such an ill-advised impromptu decision? 
Sasha did not feel up to shouldering such a heavy responsibility and decided that she would bring this up with Sebastian when she went to him the next day. Since he would be due to return the day after, someone from Oceanic Estate had to go send him some clothes anyway. 
After Sasha settled on doing just this, she went on to tuck the children in and slept soundly herself through the night. 
The next morning, she was up early as she needed to help prepare the children for school. 
“Mommy, the teacher told us to tell you about this Friday’s parent-teacher conference.” 
After she crawled out from underneath the sheets and got dressed by her mother, the groggy Vivian snuggled into her mother’s arms and told her about the conference with her kiddish voice. 
A parent-teacher conference? 
Sasha’s eyes brightened up spontaneously. “Really? What’s it about?” 
She had never attended such an event as they had been in a constant state of flux ever since the children started attending elementary school. She was so busy that she was only able to send the children to school herself recently. 
“There’s nothing much to it, Mommy. Just a routine meeting to discuss the student’s academic performance and stuff.” 
When Vivian brought this up, Matteo was worried that his mother would find out that it was meant to address the matter of him and his brother turning the school upside-down.
The school was surely unaware that the mass exodus of students was motivated by the fear of being caught in the middle of a cross-fire between the Whites and the Jadesons. 
At this point, the administrators might be still under the impression that it was systematic issues or the quality of the teaching that led to the mass exodus, hence the school wanted to gather the parents quickly to address their concerns and at the same time reassure them of the school’s quality. 
Sasha did not suspect too much while she listened. “I see. Sure. Friday is the day after, and your Daddy will also be around. Shall I have him come along?” 
“Really?” 
The children were profoundly excited by this prospect; their dainty faces dimpled as they clustered around Sasha. Even the usually less expressive Ian hugged his mother’s arm with a sparkle in his eyes. 
Sasha reached out to pat their heads. 
“Of course! You’re all our sweeties and we both want to be there for you. Should Daddy refuse when the time comes, I’ll drag him along even if I have to.” 
Sasha rounded things off with a promise. 
Now fully reassured, the three children went on to brush their teeth and for the first time, picked up their backpacks on their own accord and happily ran downstairs to where Mark was waiting. 
After she saw them off, Sasha put on a one-piece dress and did a little tidying up before she came downstairs. 
“Morning, Tony. Will you be sending some clothes over to Mr. Sebastian today?”
Tony quickly set aside whatever he was doing and made himself available when he noticed Sasha speaking to him. “Good morning, Madam. That’s right. He’ll be back tomorrow so I’m going to bring him a change of clothes later. I believe Old Mr. Jadeson will be taking him out for a meal.” 
Sasha quickly followed up. “Do allow me to go in your stead. It’s not like I have too much to do in the morning anyway.” 
Tony was apprehensive and thought to himself whether he ought to tell her that the military base was not a place where anyone could conveniently walk into. 
However, he agreed in the end after he saw how earnest she was. 
“Very well. In that case, I shall go inform Old Mr. Jadeson of this change so that he may inform his contacts over there. As for Mr. Sebastian’s clothing…” 
“I know. I’ll go pick them out.” 
A jubilant Sasha hurriedly took this task upon herself and immediately turned around to sprint upstairs. 
This was something she was well equipped to handle, for she was the one who did all his shopping and organized his wardrobe on his behalf. How could she not know his preferences? 
Very quickly, she put together two sets of clothes, complete with ties and shoes, and had them bundled up before heading downstairs with them. With Jonathan’s tacit permission, she drove to the military base. 
###Chapter 905
Chapter 905
Tony asked, “Old Mr. Jadeson, are you sure you want to make her the person in charge of the Jadesons? She’s still so young. Is she even capable of taking on this role?” 
Jonathan replied, “Why don’t you look at this to answer your question?” 
After saying that, he tossed a stack of documents to Tony. 
Out of curiosity, Tony started flipping through the documents. He gasped upon reading the content. “I didn’t know Sasha is this impressive. Not only is she the Chief Financial Officer of Rind Group on Wall Street in Moranta, but she was also the Leonard family’s advisor in Yartran. Isn’t she only a doctor? How did she…” 
However, Tony couldn’t finish his sentence as he was stunned by Sasha’s impressive records during her time in the financial industry. 
After looking at her achievements, he couldn’t find a reason to doubt Sasha’s capability to manage the Jadeson family anymore. 
Meanwhile, Jonathan sipped his tea calmly, seemingly satisfied with Tony’s reaction. 
In fact, he was impressed by both Sasha and Sebastian. There was no doubt that Sebastian was ahead of the rest in the business world, but he didn’t expect Sasha to be this strong either. They were indeed a match made in heaven as well as a blessing to the Jadesons. 
With this thought in mind, Jonathan sipped his tea contentedly. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had finally arrived at the military base.
The walls were towering, and poplar trees were planted around the base. There was no one else at the base but sentries with weapons guarding the base. 
Sasha gulped at the scene, feeling intimidated as she had never been to a place like this. 
“H-Hi there, I’m here for Commander Hamilton. This is my access pass.” 
She got out of the car, not daring to get any closer to the sentry. Thus, she stood from a distance and showed her access pass that Jonathan gave her. 
The sentry finally turned to look at her. 
After scrutinizing the access pass and the signature on it, the sentry’s expression grew solemn. He pressed the walkie-talkie that was attached to his right shoulder. “Sir, there’s a family member of General Jonathan’s, and she’s here to see Commander Hamilton.” 
What? I didn’t know the old man was ranked this high in the military before he retired. 
Sasha secretly gasped. 
With the access pass in hand, the tightly shut iron gates were finally opened from inside. Immediately, a young soldier in a camouflage uniform ran over. 
“Oh, I thought Tony’s here.” 
The soldier was a little puzzled to see that it was a woman waiting outside. 
Sasha was smart enough to quickly respond, “Tony’s not with me today. I’m Sasha, Sebastian’s wife. I came to send him some clothes.” 
“I see. So you’re Sasha.” The soldier’s eyes lit up upon hearing who she was. He took a good look at her and flashed a bright smile.
Soldiers generally were more straightforward, and the one before her looked around Sebastian’s age. Hence, it made sense that he addressed Sasha casually after knowing Sebastian for three months. 
After that, he led Sasha into the base. Naturally, she was curious about everything since it was her first time there. 
Logan Hamilton, the soldier who brought her in, was filled with anticipation as he thought about the usually indifferent Sebastian’s reaction. “Sasha, does Seb know you’re here?” 
“What?” Sasha withdrew her gaze from their surroundings. “I-I don’t think he knows…” 
She stuttered, and her cheeks flushed red. 
Wanting to give him a surprise, she didn’t tell him beforehand that she would be coming that day. 
Deep down, she was afraid that he would reject her if she told him. Hence, to prevent that from happening, she decided not to inform him. 
Upon hearing that, Logan’s smile grew wider, and his eyes were glistening with excitement. 
“Argh!” 
Right then, a woman’s spirited roar could be heard. 
Sasha had just arrived at the training ground when suddenly, a petite figure leaped into the air. 
Thump! 
Before her opponent could react, the woman had knocked him to the ground with a loud thud. 
Sasha was shocked by the scene.
“Sasha, you’re here just in time. Seb is now engaged in combat with Amber, the leader of our special forces. You can take a seat and watch the battle.” 
Logan then took a small stool for the sweet and innocent-looking Sasha. 
With her gorgeous looks and demure demeanor, Sasha was the exact opposite of the female comrades in the army. 
###Chapter 906
Chapter 906
Nevertheless, Sasha was preoccupied with something else. Upon hearing that Sebastian was engaged in combat, she immediately rushed over to the training ground’s fence with a pale face and stared wide- eyed at the man who was knocked down by the female soldier. 
It’s Sebastian! 
“Seb, do you admit defeat now? If yes, I can show you mercy and let you stay here for another five days instead of ten.” 
On the training ground, Amber Carrillo, the leader of the special forces, was about to step on his shoulder. 
She couldn’t help but chuckle at the fact that she had defeated the man with the most gorgeous face in this military base. 
After all, things were dull in the military base with all the tough-looking soldiers. It was a rare sight for someone this handsome and elegant to join them. Hence, she didn’t mind keeping him longer in the base. 
However, just when she thought this was already a done deal, there was a feminine voice from outside the training ground saying, “If you want to win him fair and square, then you shouldn’t step on that spot. There’s an artery in between the heart and shoulder blades. Pressing on it would stop the blood from flowing, and he would have no chance against your attacks.” 
The crowd immediately glanced in the direction of the voice. 
Amber also looked up right away with a flushed face. 
Logan probably hadn’t expected this to happen either. Noticing that Sasha was suddenly the center of attention, he immediately tried to ease the situation. “All right, guys, let’s stop fooling around. Seb, get down now. Your wife is here. Go take a break with her.” 
The crowd gasped again as they didn’t expect the lady, who had just retorted Amber, to be Sebastian’s wife. 
Amber was even more embarrassed to hear that. She was about to retract her leg when suddenly the man beneath her shot her a cold glare. 
“Seb…” 
However, there was no reply from him. 
All of a sudden, he reached out his hands at lightning speed and grabbed her by the ankles. In the next second, he leaped up from the ground, just like what she had done when she knocked him down. 
Then he raised his knee and hit her in the abdomen, knocking her down with just one blow. 
Thud! 
It all happened too quickly. 
Everyone was waiting for them to step down from the training ground, but Amber had already collapsed to the ground. Instantly, they all widened their eyes in shock. 
What the h*ll? He’s so sneaky! 
Logan couldn’t help but gasp at the scene too.
Sasha was the only one delighted about this. “Darling, you’re amazing. I knew she would be no match for you if she didn’t cheat!” 
Her sweet voice sent everyone back to their senses. 
Meanwhile, Amber couldn’t even bring herself to raise her head as she quickly fled the scene. 
With that, Sebastian finally stepped down from the training ground. He was sweating all over and still panting after the battle. “Who asked you to come over?” 
“I wanted to. Darling, I’m here to pass you some clothes, and I’ve brought your favorite grapes too. Do you want some?” 
Sasha walked toward him happily before she took out a box of grapes. 
However, he wasn’t as excited as she expected him to be. His expression had been gloomy ever since he stepped out of the training ground. It was as if someone angered him. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that you were coming?” 
“What?” Sasha was stunned for a while. “I-I wanted to surprise you…” 
His expression darkened even more as he was enraged from feeling embarrassed. 
However, Sasha was clueless about this, and her smile was slowly fading away. “Darling, it has been long since I last saw you. I missed you. Didn’t you miss me?” 
She was still holding the box of grapes in her hand, and her cheeks flushed red as she mustered up her courage to say that with a hint of grievance in her tone.
The moment she uttered those words, the training ground became so eerily silent that one could even hear a pin drop. 
###Chapter 907
Chapter 907
Since Sebastian was from the Jadeson family, most of the soldiers there were waiting to see him embarrass himself back when he was sent to the military base 
They had heard stories about him being unpredictable and hot-tempered. On top of that, he wouldn’t even listen to Jonathan, his grandfather. 
Thus, a lot of them thought that he would only last a few days in this base. 
However, three months had passed by then. He was only stubborn and rebellious during the first few days, but as time went by, he started carrying out his tasks mechanically like a robot. 
He was always putting on a neutral expression as though nothing could ever trigger his emotions, which intimidated the rest of them. 
At that moment, the crowd was holding their breath as they stared at the two of them on the training ground. 
“Bring me that bag,” Sebastian finally said something. His expression grew a little awkward as he turned away from her. 
The crowd was still watching them in silence. 
Sasha understood what he meant, and she looked up at him with her bright clear eyes. “Sure. I’ll be right back.” 
She then ran to the bench and grabbed his bag, which contained his towel and water bottle.
Meanwhile, Logan was watching the scene in a daze. 
A couple of minutes later, the two of them finally walked out of the training ground. Sasha was already back to her cheery self as she followed him around. 
On the other hand, Sebastian, who had not let anyone in this base get near to him for the past three months, remained emotionless in her presence. 
“Seb, are you leaving already? The next test is at eleven. You can get some rest with Sasha until then.” 
Logan walked up to them, smiling at the sight of them standing next to each other. 
It turned out that Jonathan had arranged for the military to give Sebastian some tests during his time here so that he wouldn’t take his three months of training lightly. 
However, Sebastian merely shot him a cold glare before walking away. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Seriously? 
She said apologetically to Logan, “Commander Hamilton, I must apologize for his bad temper. He has always been like this. I hope you won’t take it to heart.” 
Fortunately, Logan did not seem to mind at all. “It’s okay. We’re used to it already. Anyway, Sasha, you got here early today. Have you eaten your breakfast yet? Why don’t you grab something to eat while waiting?” 
“What?” Sasha didn’t even realize that she was hungry until he mentioned it. “Would that be okay?” 
“Sure. Just ask Seb to bring you to the cafeteria. Although we’re at a military base, we have food that tastes as good as those sold outside.”
He’s being way too enthusiastic. Why does it feel like he’s cheering for us? 
A blush crept up Sasha’s cheeks at that thought. She then turned around and walked away. 
Breakfast? 
She would never dare to bring that up in front of Sebastian when he was already mad about her sudden arrival. In fact, she would be glad if he didn’t kick her out right away. 
“Darling, do you want some water?” 
She ran up to him while panting heavily. Not knowing what else to say, she took out the bottle of water from his bag. 
“Nope.” Sebastian was still striding forward without any intention to stop. 
Sasha could only put the bottle back in the bag dejectedly. 
The weather that morning was great. Poplar trees were planted in rows at the military base, resembling soldiers standing guard. As the soldiers were training on the field, loud commands could be heard from time to time, which intimidated Sasha who had never seen anything like that. 
“Who’s that girl? She’s so beautiful.” 
“I know. It has been a while since we saw a girl in a white dress. She’s so different from our female comrades who are always in their uniforms.” 
“My words exactly…” 
Some soldiers, who were not in training, spotted Sasha walking past them, and their attentions were instantly fixed on her.
Meanwhile, Sasha didn’t hear what they said as she was busy catching up to the man walking ahead of her. 
Right then, he suddenly stopped in his tracks. Being caught off guard, she crashed into his back. 
“Darling, why did you suddenly stop?” 
She covered her nose in pain, and her doe-like eyes turned watery as she looked up at him. 
She seemed so fragile and pitiful, like a kitten. 
Sebastian’s heart skipped a beat when he saw her like that. 
“Why did I stop? You weren’t even keeping your eyes on the road when you were walking. What were you doing?” he grabbed her wrist as he gave her an earful. 
###Chapter 908
Chapter 908
Sasha was perplexed by Sebastian’s words. Huh? I wouldn’t have run into him if he didn’t stop walking without warning. 
Nonetheless, she did not attempt to defend herself because she was in seventh heaven when she saw Sebastian holding her hand. 
“I’m sorry, Darling. I was too careless,” Sasha lowered her head while apologizing obediently. 
Sebastian was bereft of speech and intended to let go of her hand. 
However, he changed his mind after noticing the soldiers looking at them in bewilderment. He then snorted coldly before leaving with Sasha. 
Around ten minutes later, they arrived in front of a building. 
Sasha thought Sebastian would bring her back to the dorm since sending clothes to him was her primary purpose for meeting with him. 
Surprisingly, he took her to the cafeteria instead of the dorm. 
“Haven’t you had your breakfast yet, Darling?” Sasha blurted out in astonishment. 
“Nope,” Sebastian answered in an emotionless tone. 
Upon hearing his answer, Sasha became even more delighted. She then walked into the cafeteria with him in anticipation. As soon as they entered, she saw various types of food waiting for them to devour in the hall that could accommodate up to a thousand people.
Despite the area’s spaciousness, not many people were in there at that moment. 
Does that even matter? What matters is that there’s food to eat! Ecstatic was the only accurate word to describe Sasha’s current feeling. 
When she noticed sweet crepes, one of the local delicacies of Avenport, which were placed not too far away from them, Sasha hurried over excitedly. “Look, Darling! I never thought Avenport’s delicacy would be available here! Can we eat this? I want to try it. It’s been a while since I had it.” 
She was drooling over the delicious-looking sweet crepes while acting coquettishly with Sebastian. 
Before Sebastian could react, the cafeteria lady had discovered his presence. “Seb? What are you doing here again? Are you still hungry?” 
The atmosphere in the cafeteria grew still instantly as an awkward silence ensued. 
Witnessing what had happened, Sasha felt like laughing out loud but suppressed it and tried to ease the situation when she saw Sebastian’s embarrassed expression. “I haven’t had breakfast yet, madam. That’s why my husband brought me over here.” 
“I see. All right then. I’ll prepare some food for both of you right away.” The cafeteria lady stopped asking questions but went to the kitchen to prepare sweet crepes for them promptly. 
Sasha then tried to coax Sebastian, “Come on. Let’s take our seats over here. You’re the best, Darling. Did you already know that sweet crepes are available here? Is that why you brought me over here?” 
However, Sebastian did not give her any response. 
As Sasha had expected, the stubborn and egoistic man still had a darkened expression while remaining silent.
Feeling amused, Sasha continued, “By the way, I have something to tell you, Darling. Our children told me that their school is holding a parent-teacher meeting tomorrow. Since you’re returning tomorrow, can you go with me?” 
“A parent-teacher meeting? What’s it like?” That topic had successfully piqued Sebastian’s interest. 
“I’m not too sure. Matteo said it’s their regular parent-teacher meeting. I believe it’s about the school curriculum and the children’s performance in school. It’s probably best for us to attend the meeting since our children just started studying there,” Sasha tried to convince Sebastian as she was afraid that he might refuse to go with her. 
Fortunately, Sebastian cared about his children and nodded in agreement. “Got it.” 
Sasha was full of joy when she heard his words. 
Half an hour later, Sasha finished her meal and placed the cutlery down in satisfaction. She then glanced toward Sebastian’s untouched plate and smirked. So he has indeed taken his breakfast already. 
“There’s another thing I need to tell you, Darling. Tony gave me Oceanic Estate’s ledger under Old Mr. Jadeson’s order yesterday. He’s leaving Oceanic Estate for me to manage in the future. W-What’s your opinion on that?” 
“He’s leaving Oceanic Estate to you? Why so sudden?” Those words from Sasha startled Sebastian, who had been fiddling with his cup out of boredom. 
“Not a clue. Old Mr. Jameson also called Janice over out of the blue yesterday, asking her to help me get familiar with the Jadeson residence. Do you feel that something is off about this as well, Darling?” Sasha could not help but feel worried when she saw Sebastian frowning. 
Deep down, she was suspicious of that whole matter as well.
After all, she knew that she had no right to handle that matter, given her current circumstances. Why did Old Mr. Jadeson make such a decision then? What does it mean? 
Her intuition told her that there was something amiss about the matter. 
“Hmm, I think it’s understandable. Since the family has been chaotic for years, it’s normal that he has the intention to find someone to manage it.” 
###Chapter 909
Chapter 909
“What? W-Why me then? After all, there are plenty of people in the Jadeson family for him to pick from, including Devin’s mother and Janice.” Sasha was shocked to hear Sebastian’s words. 
Unexpectedly, Sebastian sneered as soon as Sasha mentioned those names. “Don’t you know what kind of person Jasmine is? As for Janice, she’s only an extended family member and has no right to be involved in the Jadesons’ management. Besides, her ability is ordinary at best.” 
While he was speaking, the disdain on Sebastian’s face intensified, perhaps because he recalled the incident at the feast back then. 
Thanks to that explanation, Sasha had a better understanding of that matter. 
Still, she could not comprehend it in its fullness. 
Of course, she would grasp the entire matter if she knew Jonathan saw Sebastian and herself as his final hope to revive the Jadeson family. 
That was especially true for Sebastian, as he was the foremost person Jonathan wanted to cultivate. 
Jonathan was well aware of the decline of the Jadesons after his retirement. However, it seemed like letting Charles hold a central role in the military or promoting Devin did not improve anything whatsoever. 
Even though Charles looked like he had authority in the military because of his family background, the people who submitted to him were meager in truth. 
That was evident during the besiegement of Sebastian, where no one in the military spoke out for him even when many people had perished. Some even added insult to the injury at the White House at that
time. 
Hence, not only did he fail to improve the Jadesons’ situation, but he also caused their family to crumble. 
As for Devin, he had the capability to help them, but he was too benign and not ruthless enough. Moreover, he was no match for the cunning elders from the White House in terms of scheming. 
If the Jadesons were under his leadership, it would be safe to say that they would never have the chance to return to their prime. 
In other words, the Jadesons should be content to maintain their current status under such circumstances. 
After pondering for a moment, Sebastian decided not to stop Sasha from taking over Oceanic Estate. The first reason was that Jonathan would not be able to do anything harmful toward Sasha since he would return very soon and stay by her side. 
There was another reason for his decision. 
“By the way, what’s wrong with Sabrina again?” 
“W-What?” Sasha could not help but stop in her tracks at that drastic change of topic. 
“U-Um, after knowing that Shanae is Devin’s fiancée, she felt dejected and wanted to hand her bar over to me.” 
“Haha…” That chilling cackle from Sebastian sent shivers down her spine. 
With that, Sasha immediately figured out what she needed to do. I can’t take over the bar. Perhaps I’ll land myself in trouble because of that. 
Following that conversation, Sasha walked out of the military base.
She intended to give Sebastian a proper farewell, but he turned to leave after glancing at his watch. 
How insensitive! Feeling a little upset with his actions, Sasha strode toward him and grabbed his arm. 
“Sebby…” she murmured in a barely audible voice. A few seconds later, she stood on her tiptoes and kissed Sebastian’s lips at the gate that represented the strength and dominance of the country. 
At that moment, it felt as if time had stopped while the air around them had frozen. 
No one would have imagined that Sasha was still the person who took the initiative to express her love even when their story was continuing in a different direction after Sebastian had turned into another person. 
When Sasha was eighteen back then, she was the person who took the first step by agreeing to marry him. 
Eight years later, she was still the one who made the first move by coming to him and kissing him. 
Sure enough, Sebastian’s lean and towering body froze in shock. 
His mind went blank as he widened his eyes while feeling the softness of Sasha’s lips. Why does this feel so familiar? Also, why did she call me Sebby? 
Fragments of memories that appeared in his mind occasionally during that period emerged all at once, thanks to Sasha’s kiss. 
“Do you like oranges, Sebby? I have some right here for you.” 
“T-That dog is chasing me, Sebby. Help…” 
“I-I’m sorry, Sebby. It’s all my fault…”
“I’ll always protect you, Sebby.” 
“I’m willing to be your wife for the rest of my life, Sebastian. You’ll always be the only person I love no matter what.” 
As she finally let go of Sebastian, the blushing Sasha did not dare to look at him as if she had done something embarrassing and fled the scene. 
Therefore, she did not notice that Sebastian’s fingers were quivering while tears began to well up in his eyes. 
###Chapter 910
Chapter 910
After returning to Oceanic Estate, Sasha told Jonathan that she had agreed to his request. 
As expected, Jonathan was delighted to hear that. He then called Janice and Tony over to go to their first stop, The Ataraxy, together with Sasha. 
“Don’t worry, Sasha. Even though The Ataraxy is Mr. Jadeson’s residence, he won’t do anything to you since Old Mr. Jadeson has given you permission to go there.” Janice tried to comfort Sasha after seeing her nervous expression on the way. 
Sasha gave her an embarrassed smile in response. 
She did feel nervous, as Janice had perceived, but it was not because they were going to The Ataraxy. Instead, she was worried that she might not do a good job since it was the first time she took up such a role. 
Shortly afterward, Sasha continued to skim through the ledgers in her hand after calming herself down. 
She discovered that the ledgers had recorded the expenses of Jared and the extended family over the years. However, there was a big difference in the amount between both sides. 
“Why does Gossamer Creek have so little expenses?” 
“We’re running a few plantations and small businesses over there. So we don’t need that much money from Oceanic Estate,” Janice explained in a gentle voice. 
The Jadesons are involved in plantations too?
Sasha was shocked by that revelation. 
Compared to the Jadesons of Gossamer Creek, almost every other family had received tenfold more money from Oceanic Estate, especially Jade Court, Charles’ former residence, and Elk Court, Connor’s former residence. 
Why do they need so much money? From Sasha’s professional perspective, the amount of money they received was sufficient to maintain a large company’s cash flow. 
At that thought, Sasha closed the ledgers with force and stared intently at the approaching destination with a grim look. 
Around twenty minutes later, they arrived at a quadrangle that looked old outwardly but was worth billions in reality. Sasha noticed a middle-aged woman standing at the entrance, waiting for them. 
“Nice to meet you again, Tony.” 
“Glad to meet you too. Where’s Mr. Jadeson?” Tony asked the woman while getting out of the car. It seemed like Tony was familiar with that woman. 
While they were talking, Janice leaned closer to Sasha and whispered, “She’s The Ataraxy’s housekeeper, Amelia Ramsay. She has been serving Mr. Jadeson for a couple of years already.” 
Ah, I see. Sasha nodded in response. 
Following the greetings, Amelia led the three of them into The Ataraxy. 
As they walked into the quadrangle, Sasha discovered something intriguing. Instead of entertaining her, the primary guest, Amelia chatted with Tony while ignoring her. 
Interesting.
“Tony and the others are here, Mr. Jadeson,” Amelia called out to Jared as soon as they entered. 
The marble floor and the traditional potted plants around the quadrangle added a sense of nostalgia to the atmosphere. 
Shortly afterward, Amelia left them in the courtyard and went into a room to notify Jared. 
Seeing that, Tony explained to Sasha, “I hope you won’t mind, Madam. Mr. Jadeson has a lax personality. He’s probably still taking his nap.” 
“It’s fine.” Sasha demonstrated her magnanimity. 
About ten minutes later, they could finally hear some sounds coming from the room Amelia entered. A gray-haired man in a green robe walked out of the room after seconds. 
Sure enough, that man was Jared. 
“We apologize for disturbing you, Mr. Jadeson.” 
“Oh, it’s you, Tony. Come and have a seat.” Jared signaled Tony to sit at the stone table in the courtyard after gesturing for Amelia to prepare coffee. 
Tony then uttered, “Allow me to introduce your guest, Mr. Jadeson. She’s our madam, Sasha Wand. Old Mr. Jadeson wanted her to come here to attend to this matter.” 
With those words from Tony, Sasha noticed the owner of The Ataraxy, Jared, shifting his gaze toward her. 
Madam? Jared did not conceal his change in attitude after hearing Tony’s straightforward introduction. On the contrary, he stared at Sasha with a darkened expression.
“I know her. I’ve met her in Chartreuse Heritage Kitchen back then.” 
“Wait. What?” Tony had no idea how to respond to Jared. 
Upon seeing that, Sasha decided to speak up, “Great to see you again, Mr. Jadeson. I hope we’ll have a pleasant conversation today.” 
Not only did Sasha skip the formalities with her words, but she also emphasized her purpose for coming to The Ataraxy. 
Janice could not help but gasp in astonishment when she heard what Sasha had said. I never thought she was this astute and bold! 
As one would expect, Jared’s countenance darkened even more. 
Nevertheless, he did not dare to disobey Jonathan’s order and chose to suppress his anger, albeit reluctantly. “What do you want?” 
“Old Mr. Jadeson wants me to come here and get to know the members living in this quadrangle. Have you informed them to come over, Mr. Jadeson?” 
“Are you serious? The Ataraxy has many members living in it. How is it possible to call all of them over?” Ironically, it was not Jared who answered Sasha’s question but Amelia, who was displeased. 
When she heard Amelia’s words, Janice furrowed her eyebrows instantly. 
Still, she did not have the nerve to make any comments, and the same could be said for Tony. 
As for Sasha, she stared intently at Jared with a cold gaze after glancing at Amelia. “So a housemaid has the right to interrupt conversations however she pleases in The Ataraxy, huh? Are there even rules over here?”
###Chapter 911
Chapter 911
Everyone was shocked. 
Amelia’s expression changed drastically as if she had just been slapped in the face. 
In The Ataraxy, everyone was aware that although she was a housemaid, Jared listened to her more often than not. She was indeed more like one of the owners here. 
It could also explain why Janice and Tony remained silent throughout their conversation. 
They didn’t expect that Sasha would throw a fit as soon as she got here. 
“Mr. Jadeson, I…” 
“It’s not your place to tell us how to manage The Ataraxy. You have only been with the family for a few days, and you’re already telling me what to do. This is unacceptable!” 
Sure enough, Jared took Amelia’s side. With a sullen expression on his face, he stared at Sasha and began to reprimand her. 
Tony and Janice were startled by his words. 
“Mr. Jadeson, you…” 
“You must be mistaken. Old Mr. Jadeson asked me to come over. I just wanted to know who is in charge here. If you think she can represent everyone here, I will just talk directly to her. And it will save you the hassle, I suppose.” 
Unexpectedly, Sasha remained unperturbed despite being insulted.
She gave the enraged Jared a blank look before grabbing the ledger from Tony. After that, she handed it to Amelia. 
Oh Lord! 
Janice’s eyes widened in astonishment. 
Similarly, Tony gasped in shock. Deep down, he couldn’t help but admire Sasha, who cut him off earlier. 
Old Mr. Jadeson has found the right person. 
“You…” Jared almost exploded with rage. 
Amelia, on the other hand, panicked. There was no way she would dare take the ledger. To put it plainly, she was only able to act as she pleased in The Ataraxy because she had Jared’s backing. However, she was basically a nobody in front of Jonathan. 
“Madam, you’re giving me a hard time now. I’m sorry for being so nosy. As a housemaid, I’m in no position to meddle in your affairs. I… I deserve to be punished!” 
With that, she started to slap herself. 
Tony and Janice stood aghast at the sight of that. 
On the other hand, Sasha remained indifferent. It was not until Amelia left that she turned to look at Jared, who was glaring at her. 
“Mr. Jadeson, it seems that the housemaid doesn’t have a say here, so I have no choice but to deal with you. When will your children be coming over?” 
“What if I refuse to let them come?”
As a murderous aura emanated from him, it was clear that he wouldn’t play along with her so easily. 
Sasha merely shrugged her shoulders. 
Tony immediately began to speak up to break the tense silence. 
“Mr. Jadeson, please calm down. Madam just follows Old Mr. Jadeson’s order. Please don’t mind her. If you chase her out, I’m afraid Old Mr. Jadeson would make his way here personally. If that happens, things will surely get out of hand.” 
Nice move! 
Seeing that Jared refused to cooperate with Sasha, Tony had no choice but to mention Jonathan in the hope of easing the tense situation. 
Hearing that, Jared’s face turned pale. 
He could disregard anyone in the Jadeson family except for Jonathan. There was no way he would dare to offend the latter. 
A heavy silence fell upon The Ataraxy. Shortly after, all his children from Jade Court, Elk Court, and Cameo House arrived at The Ataraxy. 
Sitting in the yard, Sasha quietly watched them walk in one after another. 
“Sasha, the one who takes the lead is Jocelyn from Jade Court. Sad to say, she is the only one left in her family. The one who follows behind her is Shirley from Elk Court. Well, her family only comprises of her and her son. 
Janice, who sat next to Sasha, was briefing her on each family member.
Hearing her explanation, Sasha nodded. 
In fact, she had already learned of the things that happened in Jade Court and Elk Court. 
Charles from Jade Court had destroyed the Hayes family. Consequently, his entire family was killed by Sebastian, leaving Jocelyn a widow. To her, it was pretty fair. 
At that moment, the mother and son from Elk Court walked over while staring at Sasha with hatred in their eyes. 
Sasha found them amusing as she gazed at them. 
You should be relieved that you and your son have been exempted from punishment. I don’t understand why you hold a grudge against me. What a joke! 
Lastly, Jared’s youngest son, who came from Cameo House, looked nervous and smiled awkwardly when he saw Sasha. 
Sasha then grinned at him. 
“Okay! Now that all of you are here, please allow me to brief you all on the purpose of Madam coming here. In the future, Oceanic Estate will be managed by Madam. Hence, Old Mr. Jadeson asked me to show her around so that she gets to know the members of the Jadesons.” 
Tony came forward and gave a short preamble. 
###Chapter 912
Chapter 912
Is Jonathan really letting me manage Oceanic Estate? 
As soon as those words were spoken, all eyes turned to Sasha, staring at her with surprise and envy. 
Jocelyn and Shirley, in particular, were almost going crazy with resentment. They were both squeezing their fists so hard that their nails were digging painfully into their palms. 
In truth, it was not just Jasmine but rather all the women on this side of the family who had been vying for the position as the matriarch of the Jadesons. This struggle had been going on for years. 
This was because Stephen was a rather unexceptional and mediocre man. 
On the other hand, Charles and Connor had been the unfailing pillars of support of the Jadesons all these years. 
As such, no one could say that these two women, being the wives of Charles and Connor, would not have a shot at becoming the matriarch of the Jadesons in the future. 
No one would have guessed that, after these three women grappled with each other for so many years, this young lady would appear out of nowhere and be given the coveted title. How could they not feel resentment in their hearts? 
How can we not feel jealous? 
Jocelyn and Shirley looked almost murderous with rage.
However, Sasha did not pay them any heed. After the butler had delivered his message, she merely sat down there and opened up the book of accounts that she had brought with her. 
“I’m sorry, everyone. If we were to look at seniority, I know every single person here is more deserving of this role than I am, but Old Mr. Jadeson has already given his orders. I have no choice but to comply with his request. I hope you will all accept this with an open heart,” Sasha said apologetically to the room. 
Janice, who was also in the room with her, flashed her a thumbs up after hearing her little speech. 
However, everybody else in the room was deeply dissatisfied. They looked like a pack of wolves ready to rip her into pieces. Sasha had angered them, and they wanted to swallow her whole. 
Sasha looked at the book of accounts in her lap and ran her eyes down the first page. “Jocelyn, Jade Court’s withdrawals amounted to five million each month last year. May I check with you what the money was used for?” 
“What is the meaning of this?” Jocelyn jumped to her feet furiously. “Are you challenging me?” 
“I’m not challenging you; I’m merely auditing our accounts. There are records of all your monthly withdrawals, but the purpose of such withdrawals has never been recorded. That’s why I’m asking you now,” Sasha explained lightly. 
She seemed unperturbed by Jocelyn’s outrage. She merely raised her head and looked at the older woman in a measured manner. 
Considering the fact that she had spent some time on Wall Street in the past, Sasha would not allow anyone to question her right now. 
However, it seemed Jocelyn was unrelenting.
“What a joke! Why should we explain our household expenses to you? Are you trying to manage our household as well? We can spend our money however we wish! Stay out of it! The Jadesons have never had such a practice before!” Jocelyn spat the words angrily at Sasha. 
Sasha merely smirked. 
“Well, from now on, that will be our new practice. It’s fine if you refuse to explain your expenses. However, Jade Court will only receive five hundred thousand from Oceanic Estate going forward.” 
“How dare you! A mere five hundred thousand?” Jocelyn exploded into a rage. 
She stormed toward Sasha and stopped right in front of her face. “Sasha Wand, are you crazy? Our family used to receive five million! How can you reduce it all the way down to five hundred thousand?” 
Sasha remained stone-faced. “Yes. Since you’re the only person left living in Jade Court right now, you shouldn’t be incurring so many expenses anyway. Besides, Jade Court is a property of the Jadesons. You don’t even need to pay any rent or mortgage! Five hundred thousand a month is more than enough for you.” 
“You-” 
Jocelyn’s face was purple with rage. 
Sasha’s words were too much for her to bear. 
Not only did this b*tch insult me by saying that I have been living rent-free on the Jadesons’ property, but she’s also reducing my withdrawal amount because everyone in my family has died and I’m the only one left? Jocelyn thought angrily to herself. She is too cruel! 
Tony discreetly looked away from the family feud that was happening.
“Sasha, don’t you think you have gone too far? You can’t seriously be reducing Jade Court’s withdrawals just because Jocelyn has a small family! Does Old Mr. Jadeson even know what you’re doing here?” Shirley spoke up on Jocelyn’s behalf. After all, she was in the same boat as her. 
Sasha turned to Shirley with a smile. “Well, I gave her a choice, didn’t I? I requested her to explain what the five million was used on, but she refused!” 
Shirley was speechless at that. 
Janice spoke up, trying to diffuse the situation and find a compromise. “Jocelyn, why don’t you try to explain your expenses? After all, Sasha’s hands are tied! Since she has been entrusted with the estate, she has no choice but to manage it well. Let’s not forget that she has to report to Old Mr. Jadeson!” 
After a while, Jocelyn reluctantly relented and said rather bitterly, “I don’t know how the money is used. The money has always been handed over to your brother, not me. He gives me half a million and keeps everything else.” 
She looked pointedly at Shirley as she said this. 
It was as if she had spoken on behalf of both of them. 
Shirley was a clever woman, and her heart skipped a beat when she heard Jocelyn’s explanation. Her instincts tingled as a bad feeling washed over her suddenly. 
So, she only gets half a million? What a coincidence! 
###Chapter 913
Chapter 913
“Well then, we should still look into it. Four million and five hundred thousand is not a small amount, and that is just in a single month! I’ve founded a company and worked in investments before. If I were to be given this amount, I would be able to easily increase it by ten-fold in a month,” Sasha said with a small smile, looking straight at Jocelyn. 
She tapped the pen in her hand rhythmically against the table. 
Ten-fold! 
Everyone who heard what she had said gasped. 
Even Jared whirled around abruptly to stare at Sasha, his aged eyes widened in disbelief. 
He would never have expected such a young lady to be so capable. 
“Besides, if it were me, I wouldn’t have just given you five hundred thousand after taking a total of five million. Look at the situation now! He’s gone, and I can only give you five hundred thousand.” 
There was nothing else Sasha could have said that would have hurt Jocelyn more than this. 
A scream sounded across the room. All heads turned to look at Jocelyn as she rushed toward Sasha, shouting, “You b*tch! I will kill you!” 
Sasha was stunned speechless by her sudden outburst. 
However, Tony and Janice grabbed her arms and restrained her before she could get her hands on Sasha.
After Jocelyn was removed from the room, Sasha calmly turned the book of accounts to the next page. 
The Jadesons really are a weird bunch. 
The book of accounts was supposed to be the records of the various families for the past several years. However, each family somehow only took up one page. 
What is this supposed to mean? 
Sasha stared at the second page in front of her. She raised her head and looked at the woman who had come forward. 
“Yes, Shirley?” 
“You don’t have to ask; I’ll confess. In the past, my family has also taken huge sums of money. However, as you know, all those money was used for Connor’s illegal businesses. Now that he’s gone and my eldest son isn’t around anymore, I’m sure you’ll not protest to giving us five hundred thousand each month for our expenses, right?” Shirley said candidly. 
She stood in front of Sasha with her younger son by her side. 
Sasha looked at the mother and son pair. 
After a while, she wrote down the figure of “five hundred thousand” in the book of accounts. 
Shirley was smarter than Jocelyn. She knew how to pick her battles and when to expose her weaknesses to win the sympathy of her counterparty. 
Sasha made a note of this woman’s cunningness in her mind. 
After handling these two problematic families, it would be much easier to deal with Colton.
“Sasha, I… I don’t need so much money. Our household used to receive one million, but going forward, y-you can just give us three hundred thousand. We’re fine with that sum,” Colton stuttered out. 
He became anxious when he realized that it was now his turn to be questioned. Before Sasha had the chance to even open her mouth, he quickly offered to reduce his withdrawals. 
Jared was jumping in rage at his son’s statement. 
“You useless coward! Can’t you be a little more ambitious? Your entire family is healthy and whole, and you still have two young children. You don’t even have your own house! How can three hundred thousand be enough?” 
He was sorely tempted to stalk over to his son and slap him hard across his face. 
Colton’s head hung miserably. Amongst the entire family, he had always been the one who had the hardest time. Perhaps it was because he had always been rather timid and fearful as a child, or perhaps because he had never dared to stand up for himself. 
That was also why he had never had a proper residential house all these years. He had always lived in Cameo House, which was a simple, no-frills house. 
Sasha closed the book of accounts when she heard Colton being scolded by his own father. 
“You’ll receive five hundred thousand as well. We’ll treat every single family fairly, so you’ll all receive the same sum of money monthly. Of course, if this amount isn’t enough, then you’re free to request for more provided that you give me a record of what the extra money is used for.” 
“Really?” a voice in the room asked out loud. 
Sasha’s words seemed to have lit a light of hope in their hearts.
Sasha looked in the direction of the voice with a smile. “Of course. If the sum of money can be used to bring in more profit for Oceanic Estate, why wouldn’t I agree?” 
The entire room fell silent again. 
D*mn! This woman really is something! 
When Sasha finally left the Ataraxy, the skies were already beginning to turn dark. 
Janice decided to accompany her back to Oceanic Estate first and only return to Gossamer Creek the following day. 
“Sasha, how did you know that they had taken the money and used it for some other ulterior intentions?” Janice could not help asking Sasha in the car as they were on their way back to Oceanic Estate. 
Sasha’s eyes narrowed. She was staring intensely at the road ahead of them. Her eyes turned cold suddenly as if an icy wind had frosted them over. 
“When Charles went to confront Sebastian in the nightclub, he brought with him hundreds of men, all well-equipped. Later on, he dispatched a helicopter to fly over the highway. He’s just a lieutenant colonel. How is he able to do all that?” 
Janice listened quietly. 
This was a very serious accusation. It was also a very sensitive matter to the Jadesons currently. 
Yes, Sasha has a point. If he had not paid all those men off, would there have been so many men on the military base who had weapons at the ready and who would follow his orders? Charles was not Jonathan, and besides, at that time, the Jadesons were already being scrutinized. 
###Chapter 914
Chapter 914
When they arrived back at Oceanic Estate, Sasha immediately bathed and tucked the children into bed. After that, she returned to her own bedroom, pulled out her phone, and reported the day’s happenings to Sebastian, who was still in the military base. 
There was no way she would allow the inhabitants of The Ataraxy to live happily after this. 
For one, she had a personal grudge against them. She could not allow the very people who had tried to harm her family to carry on with their lives peacefully without any consequences. 
For another, they really were the parasites of the Jadesons. When compared to the Hayeses, the Jadesons did not have much wealth. 
Yet, these people spent a lot more than the Hayeses. 
However, there was still another very important person in this bloodline that Sasha had not dealt with yet. That person was none other than Candice, who had not been sentenced to death because she had not been involved with the Connor incident. 
After spending more than half a year in prison, she had already been released back into the world. 
… 
Sasha recorded a rather long voice message and sent it over. 
She expected to receive a reply from him soon. After all, he had not made her wait long recently. 
However, that night, she fell asleep waiting for his reply. As her eyes were slipping shut, she heard sounds of movement coming from downstairs. 
“What?”
“… military base?” 
“Quickly!” 
The movements sounded hurried, and whoever they were seemed to be in a panic. 
However, the voices had been deliberately kept low, so Sasha could not hear them clearly from her bedroom. In the end, she fell asleep, oblivious to whatever was happening downstairs. 
She smiled to herself as she thought of how she would be meeting the man she had been missing so dearly the next day. 
The next morning, Sasha was woken up by the bright sunlight pouring in from the window. 
The early autumn sun was not too warm; the temperature was just right as the rays of light fell across Sasha’s cheeks like strands of gold. Her eyelashes fluttered as her eyes slowly opened. 
She glanced around the brightly lit room. 
Oh no, did I oversleep? I’m supposed to pick Sebastian up today! 
She suddenly recalled this very important matter when she saw the sun already high in the sky. She immediately threw the blankets off her body and jumped out of bed. 
“Madam, are you awake?” 
“Yes. Has Mark gone to pick up Sebastian?” Sasha asked Olivia as she quickly pulled on her shoes. 
Olivia’s expression changed suddenly. 
“He has left, but… Madam, Old Mr. Jadeson instructed me to tell you that you don’t have to go over in the morning. They will fetch Mr. Sebastian back.”
“Huh?” 
Sasha’s face fell when she heard what Olivia had said. 
She did not want them to pick up Sebastian; she wanted to go get him herself. After all, that was her man. 
Sasha was upset by this turn of events. 
However, she had no choice but to resign herself to the plan that had been decided. After all, Jonathan had already personally gone with his men to fetch Sebastian. 
“Well, if that’s the case, then let’s go prepare some food so they’ll have something to eat when they return.” 
“…Okay,” Olivia hesitated for a beat before agreeing with a nod. 
The two women went into the kitchen to start cooking. 
Sasha prepared all of Sebastian’s favorite foods including buttered toast, poached eggs, steak, and a huge variety of other foods. 
She even made some calzones especially for him. 
She had not made those in a very long time. 
Olivia was touched to see Sasha making them. Her eyes turned moist. 
“Madam, I didn’t think you knew how to make calzones.” 
“Of course I do! Sebastian doesn’t really enjoy Chanaean cuisine. He grew up abroad and is much more accustomed to Angladurn cuisine. These calzones are the only Chanaean food that he enjoys,” Sasha
replied proudly. 
The truth was that Sebastian had been reluctant to try calzones at first. However, eventually, the two children had managed to get him to try them. 
Sasha had prepared a sumptuous spread that covered their entire dining table. 
Thinking that the men would return home soon, she waited in the dining room from eight o’clock until eleven o’clock in the morning. However, they still had not appeared by then. 
“Why aren’t they home yet? I wonder what’s going on,” Sasha grumbled impatiently to herself. 
She glanced at the clock hanging on the wall and got ready to go out and look for them herself. 
When Olivia saw her pulling on her coat, her expression fell again. 
She was about to rush forward to stop Sasha when the sound of a car rolling into the driveway sounded from outside. Sasha’s eyes lit up before she quickly ran outside. 
“O-oh! It’s you, Old Mr. Jadeson,” Sasha exclaimed in surprise and disappointment when she saw that it was Jonathan who was walking up to the door. 
Jonathan’s face was pale, and he seemed to be in a bad state. 
“Yes, it’s me. Is something wrong?” he said, looking at Sasha. 
Sasha felt completely at a loss. 
Didn’t he go to fetch Sebastian? Why is he talking as if nothing’s wrong? 
“Didn’t you go to pick up Sebastian? Why isn’t he with you? Did Olivia make a mistake? You didn’t go get him?” Sasha asked anxiously without stopping for Jonathan to answer any of her questions.
She looked as if she was ready to rush over to pick up Sebastian herself as soon as Jonathan said that he had not fetched him. 
Jonathan squeezed his fists. 
“I sent him back to the military base. He needs more training,” he said to Sasha in a low voice. 
###Chapter 915
Chapter 915
Sasha was immediately filled with anger. 
He sent Sebastian back? Is this old man crazy? He keeps sending Sebastian to that damn military base! Does he think Sebastian is a child whose life he can dictate? He’s always trying to control where Sebastian goes! 
Sasha exploded. “Are you being serious right now? You’re always treating him like this! Do you even consider his feelings? He’s not a soldier! Why do you keep sending him to the military base? Are you still expecting him to fight for you?” 
“What did you say? I dare you to repeat what you just said!” 
“I’ll repeat it ten thousand times if you want me to! You, Jonathan Jadeson, have no right to treat him this way! You neither raised him nor did you support him in any way! His very life was rescued from your hands! What right do you have now to order him around?” Sasha shouted back at Jonathan fearlessly. 
She was boiling over with rage. 
Neither she nor Sebastian owed him anything from the moment he gave up Shin and later on when Sebastian escaped death and came into the world. 
He had never fulfilled his responsibilities. 
After that, when Charles appeared and caused trouble for the Hayes family, his absence became even more unforgivable. 
What the h*ll is this old man trying to do? Does he think he has the right to control Sebastian? 
Jonathan was shaking from anger at Sasha’s insolence.
However, he did not try to refute Sasha’s words. He merely stood there for a while and tried to calm himself. Then, he motioned to Mark, who had come in with him. 
“Take this woman upstairs!” 
“What did you say?” Sasha exclaimed in horror. “What do you mean by that? Are you putting me under house arrest?” 
“Don’t worry. Once Sebastian has safely reached the military base, I will release you. For now, I must confine you to your room to make sure you don’t interfere with things,” Jonathan said coldly. Mark stepped forward at a wave of Jonathan’s hand. 
Sasha immediately whirled around and tried to escape. She was both shocked and angered by Jonathan. 
However, she was still just a woman while Mark was a well-trained soldier. She had only managed to run two steps before Mark grabbed her by her arm. 
“I do apologize for this, Madam!” 
He marched her into the elevator easily as if she weighed nothing at all. 
“Jonathan Jadeson! You will regret this!” Sasha could be heard shouting at Jonathan from inside the elevator. 
Jonathan ignored her threat. 
Olivia, who had been watching from her spot by the walls, could not help but ask anxiously, “Old Mr. Jadeson, are you doing this so that she will not find out about the incident? You won’t be able to hide it for long… Such a major thing has happened to Mr. Sebastian, and the problem can’t be resolved anytime soon! She will find out soon.”
“We’ll deal with her when she actually finds out!” Jonathan said firmly. His mind could not be changed. 
After that, he went into his study, looking rather gloomy. He did not reemerge again for a long time. The mood in Oceanic Estate seemed to turn dark overnight. 
It was as if every single person in that house had a black cloud hanging over their heads. 
Sasha was locked in her own room. 
Boiling over with anger, she made sure the entire house could hear her rage. She banged against the door with her fists loudly, demanding to be let out. However, no one came to her rescue. After Mark had sent her upstairs and locked her room door from the outside, her house arrest began. Even the household help were not allowed to come close to her room. 
“You ingrates! This will not end well for you!” 
Finally, Sasha exhausted all her energy. She slumped against the door. All the anger had dissipated; only despair remained. 
A few hours later at noon, Olivia was given permission to come upstairs to deliver lunch to Sasha’s room. “Madam, I’ve brought you lunch. Please eat.” 
Olivia dared not unlock the room door, fearing that Sasha would use that opportunity to escape past her. She placed the tray of food down by the window and cautiously called out to Sasha through the walls. 
Sasha ignored her. 
She wants me to eat? They are forcefully separating me from my husband! How do they expect me to have any appetite?
Behind the locked door, Sasha thought about how she had gone to The Ataraxy all by herself yesterday and how she had sincerely wanted to manage the Jadesons’ money well for them. She could not help but smirk ironically to herself at that thought. 
“Madam, I-I’ll put your lunch here, okay? Please eat some later.” 
Olivia stood by the door waiting for a short while. When it became clear that Sasha was stubbornly refusing to eat, she sighed and turned to leave. 
At that moment, a hoarse voice sounded from inside the room. “Bring me my phone.” 
Olivia hesitated. 
“What’s wrong? You can’t even do that for me? Fine, then go and tell Jonathan that if he refuses to even allow me access to my phone, I’ll starve myself to death in this room!” Sasha said coldly. 
Her threat scared Olivia. 
She quickly ran to the study to relay Sasha’s message to Jonathan. 
Ten minutes later, Sasha had her phone in her hands. 
However, her anger soon returned in full force when she realized that her Internet access had been blocked. She could not do anything on her phone except play offline games. 
That d*mn old man! 
Sasha’s rage was burning. 
In the end, she still turned on her phone since there was nothing else that she could do while locked in her room.
###Chapter 916
Chapter 916
The screen showed the message she sent out yesterday at 9.13 p.m., which was a forty-over seconds voice message. 
It was only a little over nine, which meant the night was still young. 
Did Sebastian fall right asleep after putting the kids to bed? She recalled him mentioning that their bedtime was around ten over there. 
There were still more than thirty minutes left till bedtime. Why didn’t he reply to my messages during that period of time? 
Sasha was staring at her phone when her heart suddenly skipped a beat. 
Just then, Olivia came upstairs once again. 
“Madam, I made you some chicken soup. You should have some since you skipped the meal just now.” 
Olivia really cared about her. She was thoughtful enough to serve Sasha some chicken soup since she had not eaten anything earlier. 
Sasha didn’t know what to make of it. 
She tightened her grip on her phone. After a long while, she finally spoke up. “Who sent the kids there today?” 
“Tony.”
“Does he know about the parent-teacher conference today? I was told the night before that it’s compulsory for parents to attend the meeting.” 
“Old Mr. Jadeson is already aware. He will make the necessary arrangements,” Olivia assured. 
Sasha had seen that coming, so she continued in a steady voice, “Can I make a call? I promised the children I would go the other night. They will be terribly disappointed if they don’t see me there.” 
“Um…” Olivia hesitated. 
However, as a mother herself, she relented in the end. Olivia headed downstairs to ask for Jonathan’s permission in Sasha’s place. 
She returned with a wireless landline phone in hand not long after. 
“Here you go, Madam.” 
Sasha took the phone from Olivia through the window with a dejected look on her face. She then dialed Matteo’s smartwatch in front of her. 
Ring… Ring… Ring… 
“Hello?” 
After a few seconds, a child’s voice rang out. 
Sasha immediately tightened her grip on the phone as if it was her last hope. “Matt, it’s Mommy. I won’t be able to attend your parent-teacher conference today.” 
“Why?” Matteo asked in a shrill voice. 
Sasha’s heart ached when she heard that.
She, too, wanted to be there for her kids. She thought everything would be well and dandy when she made the promise that night. 
Sebastian had also agreed to it when she visited him at the military base the next day. 
Sasha held back her tears. “I’m so sorry, sweetie. Something came up. But don’t you worry, we’ll attend the next one if we ever get the chance.” 
Sasha then tapped the wireless landline phone twice. 
Matteo, who was about to cry out in rage, suddenly fell silent. He then turned to face Ian. 
“What is it?” 
Matteo gave it some thought and said to Ian, “Try calling Mommy’s phone to see if you can get through.” 
Ian dialed Sasha’s number using his smartwatch even though he felt confused. 
To his dismay, it went to voicemail. “Sorry, the number you have dialed is not available.” 
Ian and Matteo went silent. 
After a long while, Matteo spoke up. “Mommy, did something happen? What’s wrong with your phone?” 
Sasha replied, “Yes.” 
She didn’t dare explain her situation outright in case Olivia noticed what she was up to. 
Matteo immediately understood her. He turned toward Ian and motioned for him to retrieve his tablet from his desk. Despite their young age, they were two of the best hackers out there. Ian pulled out his tablet and started to track Sasha’s phone.
As expected, Ian wasn’t able to trace Sasha’s phone at all when he tried to look it up. 
How dare they jam Mommy’s phone? 
Ian was furious as he quickly worked through the controls. Sasha immediately felt her phone vibrate in her pocket. 
Her phone finally had signal again. 
“Madam, are you done? Old Mr. Jadeson is expecting me.” 
Just then, Olivia, who was waiting outside, called out to her. 
Sasha hung up the phone and passed it back to her through the window. 
“I’m done.” 
“Okay, is there anything else I can assist you with? If not, I will head downstairs now. Please remember to drink your chicken soup, Madam. You won’t be able to function on an empty stomach. Don’t deprive yourself of food just because you’re angry at Old Mr. Jadeson. It’s not worth it,” Olivia reminded Sasha before leaving her alone. 
Feeling a little touched, Sasha nodded and took the bowl of chicken soup. After Olivia left, she quickly whipped her phone out and contacted her children. 
###Chapter 917
Chapter 917
“Mommy, what happened? Why was your phone signal jammed?” Matteo asked. 
“That old man sent your father away again to base camp for training. I was so mad that I got into a fight with him, so he locked me up and jammed my phone.” 
Sasha revealed everything to her kids because she thought it wouldn’t hurt for her kids to learn about her current situation. 
She wasn’t worried about them being traumatized or anything. On the contrary, she thought they might even be able to help her. 
Matteo flew into a rage upon that. “What a jerk!” 
Ian’s face darkened. “Mommy, what are you going to do about it?” 
“I need to get out of here first. That’s the only way I can reach your father. Once I know his exact location, your Aunt Sabrina and I can come up with ways to save him.” 
“Okay!” Matteo and Ian replied easily. 
Sasha hung up the phone. 
After a few minutes, a shrill siren rang through the hall as the fire alarm went off. Everyone rushed outside to stare at the building Sasha was in anxiously. 
“What is it? What happened? What set off the alarm?” 
“I think it’s coming from the elevator!”
“What? The elevator?” 
The color drained from everyone’s face upon hearing that. Some quickly picked up the fire extinguishers and rushed toward the elevator, while others went out to look for Tony. 
True enough, the alarm sounded even louder as they got nearer to the elevator. 
Oceanic Estate was equipped with state-of-the-art facilities, which included a fire alarm system, as it was previously used to host VIPs. 
“What is going on here? Why did the alarm system go off? Is there really a fire?” 
“No. Did someone smoke inside the elevator?” one of the housemaids asked. 
However, no one had the answer to her question because they were met with water from the sprinkler system the moment the elevator doors were forced open. 
No one saw anything whatsoever besides the waves of gushing water. 
It was at that moment that Tony arrived. After assessing the situation, he instructed the housemaids to clean up the mess before heading to the study. 
However, a thought suddenly occurred to him. 
“Who opened the room door upstairs?” 
“Huh? I-It’s me. Madam was yelling at the top of her lungs when the alarm went off. I was worried something bad would happen to her, so I-I opened the door and let her out.” 
As fate would have it, it was Olivia who did it. 
Tony exploded with rage.
He rushed upstairs and stopped in front of Sasha’s room. True enough, she was long gone. Sasha had disappeared into thin air while everyone was busy trying to figure out what was going on with the alarm system. 
That woman! Can’t she ever give us a break? 
… 
Sasha managed to escape from Oceanic Estate. 
She didn’t look for Sabrina like she told her kids she would the moment she got out. Instead, she hailed a cab and headed toward the military base. 
She wanted to find out what was going on over there first before making a move. 
Even though Jonathan had done it without hesitation, she was pretty sure someone must have seen Sebastian being sent away. 
Sasha stopped in front of the military base’s entrance just like she did yesterday. 
“Excuse me, I’m looking for Commander Hamilton.” 
Sasha had her disguise on as she spoke to the sentry to prevent them from finding out who she was and reporting back to Jonathan. 
However, the sentry’s face fell the moment he heard that she was looking for Logan. 
“Commander Hamilton? Are you family?” 
Sasha was stunned. “Yes…”
“You should head over to the funeral home then. His body was sent there this afternoon. You might just make it in time before they cremate his body if you leave now.” 
The news came like a bolt out of the blue for Sasha. 
He’s… dead? What happened? Wasn’t he alive and well just yesterday? Moreover, he’s so young and full of life. He even joked around with us yesterday. How could this happen? 
Sasha was thunderstruck. 
She froze for a solid ten seconds before blurting out a question, “Can I… ask about his cause of death?” 
The sentry stared at her, puzzled. “Haven’t you heard of it? I thought you’re family.” 
“I did, but… I’m still not sure about it.” 
“You’re not sure? Do you mean to say you’re not sure why he died in the hands of his own man? If that’s so, you don’t have to doubt it. That soldier truly does have mental problems!” 
###Chapter 918
Chapter 918
“What? Mental problems?” 
“That’s right. He was already mad when he was sent over here. Because of his influential background, Commander Hamilton had no choice but to train him. I don’t know how it happened, but he went nuts and strangled our commander to death last night.” 
Perhaps he thought Sasha was Logan’s family, so he described the incident in detail. 
Overwhelmed by the news, Sasha felt chills run down her spine. She staggered and was on the verge of fainting. 
No… No way, it can’t be! I must have heard it wrong or misunderstood his words. The man whom the sentry is talking about can’t be Sebastian! 
She was trying to convince herself that it was only a misunderstanding. 
But… Other than him, who else has a mental disorder and a prominent background? 
Standing rooted to the spot for a few seconds, Sasha felt as if the sky had darkened and the clouds looked grey. Every sight and sound around her faded into the background. 
“Hello, miss? Are you all right?” 
After what seemed like an eternity, Sasha finally pulled herself together. “No, you’re lying. He’s not mad. He’s recovered!” she retorted, refusing to admit to herself that Sebastian was deranged again. 
Still, the sentry’s next sentence gave her a tremendous blow.
“I didn’t lie. You can see it for yourself at the asylum. He’s being contained there. If it wasn’t for his background, he would’ve been executed on the spot!” 
The sentry was enraged. Not only did the woman not seem the slightest bit upset about the tragedy, but she was also defending the deranged man. 
Is she out of her mind? How could she defend the murderer who killed her family? 
He was in no mood to continue talking to her. 
Sasha shuddered vigorously at his last sentence. In the next second, she seemed to have lost her senses as she hobbled away. 
I don’t believe it! He treated me so well yesterday. Though he had had his breakfast, he lied just so he could take me to the cafeteria for a meal. He didn’t even get angry that I kissed him after he walked me out. How could such a man be a lunatic? No, he’s not crazy! From the beginning till the end, he has always been normal. Despite his multiple personality disorder, he has never done anything outrageous. 
Sasha sprinted forward. In the blink of an eye, she found out the location of the most well-known asylum in Jadeborough and sped all the way there. 
When she finally arrived and found the man who had shaken up the political arena overnight, she was astonished by what she saw. 
In the ward that he had been locked up in, five burly men were surrounding him and pointing their guns at him. With a malicious smile, he grabbed a syringe and stabbed it into the neck of the nurse he was holding onto. 
“Argh!”
The second crimson red blood gushed out of the nurse’s wound, Sasha collapsed onto the floor with a loud thud. 
It was as though all her hopes were dashed at that moment, and her dreams were shattered into pieces. The woman could no longer stand it anymore and crumpled. 
“Ah!” 
“Sasha!” 
“Madam!” 
Instantly, cries and screams echoed in the corridor. 
Someone dashed toward her, while the man in the ward lifted his head to look in her direction. 
Nevertheless, the woman lying on the floor could not see them. All she could do was stare blankly at the ceiling as blood seeped out of the corner of her lips. 
She lifted her hand feebly, trying to say something. 
An ambiguous figure darted to her and picked her up from the floor, just as her eyes closed gradually. 
I’m so worn out… 
A lifetime is too long for me. Sebastian, it’s been twenty-one years, yet I still can’t save you and make up for the mistake I did back then. Please forgive me. I’ve done everything I can. 
… 
Three days later in General Hospital.
Devin showed up as usual at the ward of the internal medicine department with some steaming dishes and a stew. 
“Sabrina, how is she?” 
As soon as he pushed the door open, he saw a woman in a white shirt and a denim jacket sitting at the bedside of the patient. Her hair looked disheveled. 
Even her makeup could not conceal her extreme exhaustion. 
Hearing his voice, Sabrina looked up. “You’re here. She hasn’t woken up.” 
She glanced at him before her eyes fell on the woman on the hospital bed again. Her gaze was filled with sorrow and worry. 
###Chapter 919
Chapter 919
Devin wanted to console her, but he couldn’t find the right words. 
In the end, he silently placed the container with all the dishes on the table. 
It was indeed a heartbreaking tragedy. 
They thought the Jadesons could have peace after the Baylor incident. Never had they expected trouble would come knocking at their door so soon. 
Not only did Sebastian lose his mind in the military base, but he even throttled his commander to death. 
When they hurried over to the military base, he had already been rendered defenseless. If Jonathan hadn’t shown up, he would’ve been doomed. 
However, his current condition was not much better. In order to appease the military and protect Sebastian, Jonathan had no choice but to send him to the asylum. 
As for Sasha, after knowing that the man was back to square one, she couldn’t bear the devastation and had been unconscious until now. 
Devin took the dishes out of the container. 
“Sabrina, eat something. You can’t take care of her without eating or resting, or else you might fall sick before she regains her consciousness. Don’t forget you’re her only family here now,” Devin advised. 
Sabrina’s soulless eyes flickered at his words. Then, she stood up and headed to the table.
Slowly, she finished a bowl of stew. Putting down the spoon, she asked, “How’s my brother now? Is he still being locked up?” 
“Yeah…” Devin’s heart grew heavy at the mention of Sebastian. “Logan wasn’t any ordinary man but a commander. Now that Sebastian has strangled him to death, the military will surely want him to pay for it. Besides, Logan’s family has brought this matter to the White House to pressure Grandpa. If he lets Sebastian go without permission, they definitely won’t let us off the hook.” 
Devin didn’t keep her in the dark and told her about his analysis of the situation. 
After Sabrina heard that, her furrowed brows snapped tighter together. 
She lost the little appetite that she had. 
How did things turn out this way suddenly? What should we do now? 
Sabrina tilted her head to glance at the woman lying motionless on the bed, feeling utterly lost. A sense of misery lingered in her heart, so overwhelming that she felt out of breath. 
Half an hour later, Devin left. 
Standing up from the table, Sabrina saw that Sasha would be fine on her own, so she left the ward to go to the washroom. 
Much to her dismay, when she returned to the ward after a short while, there was no one in it! 
“Sasha?” 
In a panic, she darted out of the ward. “Excuse me, have you seen the patient on bed number 35?” 
“Number 35?” The nurse was stunned. “Isn’t she still unconscious? What happened? Isn’t she there?”
Sabrina was at a loss for words. 
Vexed and anxious, she didn’t spare another second talking to the nurse. With an ashen face, she grumbled as she hurried off to look for Sasha. 
What a bastard! Why didn’t she tell me when she was awake? She even decided to go missing? What’s she trying to do? 
Sabrina felt a strong urge to slap the woman once she found her. 
However, there was no sign of Sasha even after she looked around the entire hospital, as if the former had vanished into thin air. 
What on earth is going on? 
The color completely drained from Sabrina’s face. 
At The Fourth Hospital in Jadeborough along Lifford Road. 
It was an asylum known by all the locals. Those who were sent here were all mentally ill. 
Therefore, gales of hysterical laughter reverberated in the hospital every day. Sometimes, passers-by could see the patients burst out singing or dancing frantically all of a sudden. 
One could encounter every kind of horrifying things here. 
Mark arrived at the hospital early in the morning. Since Jonathan had to go to the White House daily, he was in charge of Sebastian’s safety in the hospital. He and the bodyguard captain took turns to guard the ward twenty-four-seven. 
“You’re here.”
As soon as he arrived at the ward, the bodyguard captain opened the newly installed metal grille. 
The latter’s eyes were bloodshot after guarding the ward for an entire night. 
Mark nodded his head. “How was he yesterday? Did he get emotional again?” 
“No. Yesterday, the psychologist came again, prescribed some medication, and asked the nurse to give him an injection. Maybe that’s why he slept soundly last night.” 
The bodyguard captain peeked at the man in the ward before answering. 
Sebastian was indeed quiet. Over the past two days, he was the most agitated at this hour. After he woke up in the morning, he would smash everything in his ward to smithereens. 
Yet today, he was still lying quietly on the bed even now. 
Mark saw it and breathed a sigh of relief. 
“Has the military looked into the matter? What exactly happened that night? Why did he lose control suddenly? Did they find any clues?” 
“Not yet. The man staying next to him said that Logan went to him with his exam results. After a few words, the two got into an argument. In the end, he killed Logan,” Mark answered with a frown. 
###Chapter 920
Chapter 920
When the captain of the bodyguards heard the news, his expression turned grim and realized all hope was lost. 
Among the five areas of assessment, the results showed that Sebastian had failed three of them. 
Therefore, they suspected Sebastian, who was locked inside, was thrown into a hysterical fit when he saw the result. 
In the meantime, both of them lit a cigarette. 
“Miss, who are you looking for? No one is allowed in here. Miss!” Suddenly, a nurse’s frantic voice rang out. 
When Mark heard the commotion, he looked at the end of the corridor. 
“Madam?” 
His eyes suddenly widened. 
When the bodyguard captain saw her, his expression drastically changed. After throwing his newly lit cigarette aside, he stormed up to her at once. 
“Madam, you… you’re awake? Why are you here? Are you feeling better?” 
When he saw that Sasha was still in her patient’s gown with her hair in a mess, he was concerned that she could still collapse anytime. 
When did she wake up? Why didn’t we hear anything from the hospital?
The bodyguard captain hurried over to support her. 
However, Sasha pursed her dry lips and declined his help. 
“Is he… still in there?” 
She stared past him, looking as if she was a spirit that had just risen from the grave. 
Given how frightening she looked, the bodyguard captain gulped. 
“He… he is. Madam, don’t worry, Mr. Sebastian is-” 
The captain wanted to reassure her that Sebastian was fine so that she wouldn’t worry. 
However, before he could finish, Sasha pushed him aside and staggered sluggishly toward the ward’s entrance. 
“Open it!” 
“Madam?” 
“I’m telling you to open it!” she suddenly shouted in rage. 
The bodyguard captain and Mark were both dumbfounded. 
After exchanging glances, they opened the door for her. 
To ensure her safety, Mark accompanied her into the ward. There, she gradually approached the bed step by step and stared listlessly at the man in bed. 
After a while, she slumped onto the chair beside the bed with a thud. Sprawling on his bed, she then bawled.
What an agonizing cry. 
The moment Mark heard it, he could feel the burn in his eyes. Consequently, he averted his gaze. 
In truth, ever since she came back from the dead and returned to Oceanic Estate, they had investigated her thoroughly. 
Hence, they were aware that she had known Sebastian since she was five. 
They also knew that she had stayed by his side for thirteen years due to a mistake she made when she was young. It wasn’t until she was eighteen that she finally married him to fulfill her wish. 
In spite of that, she was still beset by misfortune. 
When she didn’t get a response from Sebastian, she felt that all her sacrifices had been in vain. Unaware of the truth, Sebastian almost left her and her three children for dead. 
Nevertheless, she actually did not blame him at all. 
If she did, she would not have chosen to watch over him after he brought her back forcefully five years later. 
She had spent her entire life saving and caring for him. 
Despite almost losing her life and having her bones shattered, she persisted in being by his side for as long as she was still breathing. In fact, she would even crawl out of hell if she needed to. 
All she wanted to do was return to his side and bring him back to reality. 
However, just as she had painstakingly found some hope, destiny had other plans instead.
Listening to her cries reminded Mark of how she collapsed three days ago. Unable to keep his composure, he opened the ward’s door and stepped out. 
The bodyguard captain asked, “Why did you come out? She…” 
“It’s fine. Just let her vent. We should be relieved that she can still cry with such vigor,” Mark commented. 
It’s true. We should be thankful that she is crying. After all, even men like us may not be able to withstand such a devastating blow. 
With that, the two men waited quietly outside without interrupting. 
An hour later, the cries finally died down. However, there was no indication that Sasha wanted to leave. 
What’s going on? 
After exchanging glances, Mark went into the ward again. 
“Madam, you…” 
“Go to Oceanic Estate and bring me my medical kit along with the equipment in the treatment room listed here. Also, get Olivia to pack two sets of clothes for me. 
###Chapter 921
Chapter 921
Before Mark could finish, a calm Sasha had already handed him a list she wrote. Mark gaped in response. 
This is the psychiatric ward. Given how dangerous Sebastian is right now, how can she stay here with him? Also, isn’t she still supposed to be wallowing in her sorrow? How is it possible she could recover so quickly after crying so hard? She even instructed me to get her a medical kit and equipment. Will she begin treating him again? 
Astounded by her response, Mark was rendered speechless. 
He had never seen someone that tenacious before and was deeply moved by the mental strength she demonstrated. 
In the end, Sasha remained in the ward. 
Meanwhile, cognizant of how relentless Sasha was, Jonathan made no ion. He knew she would find a way to achieve what she wanted, even if he stopped her. It was similar to how she had fled Oceanic Estate three days ago. 
From that day onward, Sasha began treating Sebastian again in the ward. 
As if she had forgotten about the devastating blow she felt, she treated Sebastian every day and kept in close contact with the professor from Jetroina. They tirelessly experimented on potential treatments that could help him. 
However, all anyone could hear from outside the ward most of the time was a loud ruckus.
Sebastian would scream uncontrollably, “Get out! Get out!” 
His voice sounded so terrifying that Mark could not help but worry. He felt the urge to dash in and save Sasha. However, just as he was about to open the door every time, the ruckus would wind down. 
Somehow, Sasha always managed to tame the ferocious beast inside even though she often ended up injured. 
After spending a week in the ward, Sasha lost a lot of weight. 
Meanwhile, the White House had also accepted the conclusion of the hospital’s most renowned psychologist that Sebastian was mentally unsound. Consequently, he was not found guilty of killing Logan. 
After all, an insane person does not have to take legal responsibility for killing someone. 
“What does this mean? Did Logan die in vain?” 
“That’s right. Given that he was a Major, how could his killer have gotten off scot-free?” 
When the conclusion was brought up within the Cabinet Council, many of its members expressed their dissatisfaction. 
Even the Chief of the Cabinet Council, Franklin Hamilton, showed his displeasure. “If that’s the case, how do we explain it to the family of the deceased? They are still waiting in the White House for our statement.” 
“Exactly.” 
“I feel that we owe it to family to hold someone responsible. We can’t let a murderer off the hook just because he has been diagnosed as being clinically insane.”
The moment Franklin protested, many others voiced their support. 
Jonathan’s expression turned grim. 
“So, what do you want to do? Have him dead?” 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, there’s no need to get worked up. That’s not what we are asking for. However, you shouldn’t have brought your grandson to the barracks when you obviously knew that he is mentally unsound. At the end of the day, someone has to take responsibility. Why don’t you send him to 711?” 
Suddenly, Walter Xaver, the Deputy Chief, remarked with an insidious tone. 
“What did you say? I dare you to repeat it?” 
Jonathan slammed the table in anger. 
711 was a hospital housing the nation’s most “special” patients. It was obvious what kind of place it was. 
Jonathan was infuriated. Pointing at Walter, he roared, “I know what you’re trying to do. All of you are trying to kill my grandson, isn’t that right?” 
No one responded. 
Nevertheless, many of their expressions drastically changed, including that of Walter. 
“Let me warn you: there’s no way I’m going to let you do that. Since you insist on holding someone accountable, I promise you that I will get to the bottom of the matter. If my investigations reveal that my grandson killed Logan in his rage, I will punish him myself. If not… Listen to this well—I will deal with all of you, one by one!” 
Jonathan was not afraid of anyone at all.
He swept his finger across all their faces while staring at them and snarling angrily. 
After that, he sprang up from his chair and left, leaving everyone taken aback. 
Watching Jonathan leave, the few who had protested earlier were suddenly filled with a sense of dread. Gradually, their eyes shifted to the security camera in the room. 
At that moment, they realized that they were in trouble. 
A few minutes later in the president’s office… 
The moment Walter entered, a coffee mug flew in his direction. 
Thump! 
Not daring to avoid it, Walter bore the brunt of the hot coffee and the heavy mug. The next moment, blood began to trickle down his head. 
###Chapter 922
Chapter 922
“Who told you to say that? Huh? Did I give you the authority? Why did you force him to send the lunatic to 711? Did you think that you were really smart to have come up with such a perfect solution?” 
“No… It’s not that, Sir. I… I just said it on a whim,” Walter stuttered as he tried to explain. 
Just as he spoke, the middle-aged man bellowed at him with even greater intensity. 
“On a whim? What a smart*ss you are. Your whim has messed up my carefully planned moves. Whose side are you really on anyway?” The angry middle-aged man snarled in his chair. 
Walter looked up in fear. 
“Sir, I… Of course I’m on your side. Please don’t misunderstand. I didn’t do it on purpose just now. I was thinking since that lunatic has been diagnosed as clinically insane, we won’t be able to dispose of him. Hence, it would be a good idea to lock him up at 711 instead.” 
“Bullsh*t! It was my intention for him to be declared insane all along. How do you know I’m unable to dispose of him? Don’t you realize I’ve done all this to make it easier for me to destroy him?” 
Filled with rage, Alfred lost his usual composure and admonished Walter. 
Walter was stunned by Alfred’s words. 
This is the plan all along? 
“I’m sorry, Sir. I have made a mistake-”
“Your brain is just full of crap. Let me warn you now. If Jonathan manages to find something through this investigation, you will suffer the consequences!” 
Alfred’s reprimand forced Walter to start counting down the days to his doom. 
At that moment, Alfred had a strange expression. Having been president for many years, he had always projected a warm and gentle demeanor. In fact, he seemed very much down to earth. 
However, behind the gentle facade was a mind filled with malice. 
Ever since his son’s death, Alfred was no longer the same man. 
Also, the pressure he felt over the years had contributed to the change in him. The repressed frustrations of his position as the president caused him to feel like a puppet. 
Meanwhile, when Franklin entered and saw Walter kneeling on the ground, a fearful expression set upon his face. 
“Sir, Jonathan has led his men to the military base. He has also brought the Chief Prosecutor along with him.” 
“What did you say?” 
Alfred’s face grew insidiously solemn at the news. 
With the Chief Prosecutor there, any proof discovered could be directly admitted as evidence in court. 
Infuriated, Alfred’s teeth chattered in rage. 
“In that case, have you instructed them to destroy all the evidence? Did they leave any clues from that night?”
“Don’t worry, the staff at the bistro wouldn’t leave a trace. We just need to worry about Stephen. I just wonder if he will spoil our plans.” 
“Stephen?” 
Suddenly, Alfred had an epiphany. 
That’s right. Why didn’t I think of him? This is the perfect opportunity to use him as my pawn. 
“In that case, get Stephen involved. Coincidentally, I am looking forward to seeing the look on his face when he realizes that he has been betrayed by his own son.” 
Alfred finally let out a cunning laugh. 
With a vicious glint in his eye, he pulled out a napkin to wipe his dirty hands. 
It was hard to believe that a person like him was the president. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was finally overwhelmed with exhaustion. As she was boiling some herbs for medication, she sprawled on the table and fell asleep. 
The early autumn breeze was blowing into the room, making it chilly and damp at the same time. Very quickly, the table was covered with an icy mist. 
However, she didn’t feel anything. 
After working tirelessly for days, she was utterly drained. In addition, because she wasn’t in good shape to begin with, she fell into a deep sleep as if she had lost consciousness. 
Glug… Glug… 
The electric pot continued to boil with the medication inside.
Just as the pot was about to boil itself dry, a hand reached over and turned off the pot. 
Subsequently, the gurgling sounds stopped. 
After the room returned to silence, Sebastian walked toward the window. When he noticed Sasha fast asleep on the desk, he lowered his gaze at her. 
Suddenly, he bent over and carried her up. 
“You silly gal…” 
Feeling how light she was, his heart ached at the amount of weight she had lost. It pained him to see how scrawny she had become. 
His eyes reddened as a result. 
Without saying another word, he carried her to his bed. Holding her in his arms as if she was a rebellious kitten, the two slept underneath the blanket. 
“Sebby,” Sasha murmured in her sleep as she snuggled in his embrace which gave her a sense of familiarity and warmth. 
Jolted by her words, Sebastian tightened his hug and replied, “Mm… I’m here.” 
###Chapter 923
Chapter 923
That night, Sasha experienced the best sleep she had in a long time. 
In her dream, she had returned to the time when they were still living at Frontier Bay. It was a quiet night. The children were sleeping peacefully downstairs while she was cuddling upstairs with Sebastian. With their bodies pressed against each other, she could sense his familiar warmth and scent. 
The dream was so beautiful that she was reluctant to wake up. 
However, when she opened her eyes the next day, she saw herself sprawled on the freezing cold table. 
“Ms. Wand, are you awake?” 
Sasha’s heart sank when someone suddenly greeted her in the room. 
Turning around in a daze, she realized that it was a nurse who was cleaning the room and changing the bedsheets. 
What’s going on? Why is she tidying up the room? Where’s Sebastian? 
When her senses came back, Sasha asked, “Where is he?” 
Springing up to her feet, she had forgotten that her limbs were numb. The moment she took a step, she almost fell flat on the floor. 
“Ms. Wand, be careful!” 
The nurse threw aside the bedsheet and hurried to support Sasha.
Only then did she steady herself. 
When she found her balance again, she grabbed the nurse by the arm. “Where is he? Where has he gone?” 
The nurse quickly reassured her, “Don’t worry, he has just gone for a check-up and will return very soon.” 
Thank goodness it’s just a check-up. 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief. 
Sure enough, after waiting for a while, Mark returned with Sebastian. 
“Madam, you’re awake. Are you feeling all right? I saw you sleeping on the table this morning. If you want, I can arrange for you to rest in a ward.” Mark offered in concern the moment he saw her. 
Sasha shook her head and shifted her equally worried gaze in Sebastian’s direction. 
“How is it? Are there any problems with the check-up?” 
Entering the ward with an indifferent expression, Sebastian scrutinized his surroundings before lying back on his bed. He behaved as if he was in his own world. 
Both Sasha and Mark were stumped. 
Even the nurse was bewildered. She was still in the middle of changing the bedsheet! 
“Ms. Wand, uh…” 
“It’s all right. You may go now; leave this to me.” Waving his hand, Mark motioned the nurse to leave. 
The nurse quickly complied.
Meanwhile, Sasha continued to watch on with a blank stare. 
Ever since she started treating Sebastian, she would wake up every morning filled with anticipation to see if there was any improvement. 
However, she would always end up feeling disappointed. 
That morning was no different. 
Feeling the chill in her fingers, Sasha’s heart sank and a suffocating sensation began to creep into her. 
“Madam?” 
“I’m fine, what kind of check-up did you bring him for? What’s the result?” 
Sasha pulled herself together to show that she was fine before enquiring about Sebastian’s condition. 
Mark furrowed his eyebrows. “There’s nothing wrong with him. It’s just that Old Mr. Jadeson came by earlier and ordered him to undergo a full medical check-up before being transferred out.” 
“What?” Sasha was stunned. 
“Why? Where is he being transferred to?” she inquired anxiously. 
Mark quickly reassured her, “Don’t worry, it’s for his own protection. After what happened to Logan, the White House has been applying a lot of pressure on the matter. Old Mr. Jadeson intends to transfer Sebastian to a safer place to avoid any untoward incidents,” Mark explained candidly. 
Ever since Sasha rejoined them at Sebastian’s ward, Mark had treated her as one of them. 
Mark also didn’t mind telling her in Sebastian’s presence. After all, Sebastian was mentally unsound.
Sasha finally understood the situation. 
“All right. Where will he be sent to?” 
“Old Mr. Jadeson has decided to send him to Heron Hill,” Mark finally replied. 
Heron Hill… 
When the image of the secluded residence and its beautiful surroundings popped into her head, Sasha felt that it was certainly a wonderful idea. 
With that, Sebastian was sent to Heron Hill alongside Sasha that very afternoon. 
When the news reached the White House, everyone there was outraged. 
“That old fox has shown how sly he can be by sending Sebastian to Heron Hill!” 
“Exactly. Heron Hill is considered his personal territory. When he was living there, it was impossible for anyone to enter without his permission. Now that the lunatic has been sent there, he’s effectively out of our reach!” 
The crowd sighed dejectedly. 
Among them, Walter’s face looked particularly pale. 
###Chapter 924
Chapter 924
After all, Alfred had declared that his ultimate aim was to dispose of Sebastian. But now that Jonathan had sent Sebastian to Heron Hill, their chances of success were reduced significantly. 
When Walter saw Franklin, the former hurried over as if he had seen his savior. “Mr. Hamilton, what are we going to do? The lunatic has been sent to Heron Hill. How can we do anything about him now?” 
There was little Franklin could do now other than placing his hopes on the group of men from the bistro. 
“What else can we do? We will have to inform the men from the bistro and see if they have any ideas. Also, aren’t you barking up the wrong tree? Aren’t you supposed to focus on Logan’s matter?” Franklin suddenly reminded with a grave expression. 
Walter was stunned. 
After regaining his composure, Walter’s anxious look intensified further. “Did they find anything at the military base? Jonathan has not left ever since he went in yesterday. I have my eyes on the ground watching him. What about you? Did you hear any updates?” 
“The entire military base is under his control. What do you think will happen there?” 
The words were so terrifying that they caused Walter to shudder and his knees to buckle. 
That’s true. Given that Jonathan runs the place, nothing within the military base can escape his notice. From the surveillance feeds to the defensive perimeter to every individual soldier, Jonathan has access to whatever he wants throughout his investigation. 
Walter could feel his world collapsing upon him.
“In that case, what has he found?” 
“He brought Jadeborough’s best coroner on his way there. By the time he came out, he was carrying a broken combination lock and had apprehended the trainer who assessed the lunatic together with Logan. Aren’t they all the leads he needs?” 
Silence ensued before Walter dropped to his knees with a thud. 
There was no need for further investigations. Just those two items alone were enough to turn the case from Sebastian killing someone out of insanity into one in which he was the victim of a plot to murder him. 
“Don’t… don’t worry, Mr. Hamilton. The correct combination of the lock along with the fingerprint chip were handed to us by Jonathan’s son. If he manages to find anything, we will drag his son down along with us.” 
Walter grabbed Franklin’s hand in desperation as if he was the only person that could save him. 
However, Franklin shoved him aside in disdain. 
“You had better pray that this pawn will come useful. Otherwise, I’m sure you are already aware that you will end up being the scapegoat for this!” Franklin declared candidly. 
Walter’s anxiety intensified upon hearing that remark. 
Nevertheless, he was still feeling hopeful. “It won’t happen. There’s no way he would abandon his healthy son of so many years in favor of a raving lunatic of a grandson.” 
Franklin scoffed in response. 
Meanwhile, back at Oceanic Estate…
After waiting for an entire night, Jonathan finally welcomed the positive news from the coroner and the Chief Prosecutor. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, we have very good news. After watching the surveillance footage, the trainer has admitted that Mr. Sebastian did extremely well in all of his assessments.” The Chief Prosecutor relayed the good news as he handed Jonathan a copy of the statement. 
After having waited for an entire night, Jonathan reached out to receive the document. He was so anxious that his hand trembled while he did so. 
In fact, he had never felt so nervous even when he was leading thousands of troops into battle. 
The Chief Prosecutor couldn’t help but sigh in his heart. 
After going through the statement in detail, Jonathan asked, “Therefore, I suppose the premise that my grandson’s hysterical rage was triggered by Logan showing him a copy of the bad results no longer stands. Am I right?” 
“Exactly!” 
“So Logan had been acting suspiciously?” 
Jonathan’s eyes widened with a ruthless glint. 
The coroner denied at once. “No, the matter likely has nothing to do with Logan. When I examined the assessment results yesterday, I realized that he did not meet the conditions for handing over the results even though his fingerprints were on it.” 
“Conditions?” 
No one in the study understood what that word really meant.
Seeing their response, the coroner got up, tore a piece of paper from his notebook, and handed it to the stumped Chief Prosecutor. 
The coroner explained, “Look at how my hands are placed when I’m handing this to you.” 
He brought Jonathan and the Chief Prosecutor’s attention to his fingers, which were pinching the paper. Both of them finally understood his point. 
“When you hand over the piece of paper, you will at least have put your thumb, index finger, and ring finger on it.” 
###Chapter 925
Chapter 925
“Exactly. However, there are only two fingerprints on the assessment report, corresponding to the thumb and index finger, respectively. Furthermore, the prints are very firm, as if while I’m holding it, someone has put something in between my fingers.” 
The coroner raised his fingers on purpose and slipped the piece of paper in between them. Just like that, the paper was snugly pinched. 
The Chief Prosecutor was astounded. 
In response, Jonathan, who was sitting in his chair, banged the table with his murderous fist. The atmosphere in the study suddenly turned terrifying. 
Evidently, the assessment results were fake. 
The results that Logan had in his hand when he went to see Sebastian had been switched. 
“Go on!” Jonathan ordered as he desperately tried to control his rage. 
Gulping, the coroner continued, “With regards to the combination lock, the fingerprints on it have been tampered with. And that’s what makes the matter so suspicious.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“A lock that has been used for a long time will never be clean of prints.” 
The coroner shrugged his shoulders as he showed them the clean fingerprint collection film. 
Silence ensued in the study.
It wasn’t hard to follow the lead provided by the combination lock. As long as they could verify it had been tampered with, Jonathan could easily find out who unlocked it on that night. 
The reason was that other than the correct combination, one also needed a fingerprint chip before one could enter. 
The fingerprint chip was placed at the military base and only an officer had access to it. Hence, it would not be difficult to find out who had used it back then. 
Subsequently, Jonathan decided to head back to the military base. 
However, he was oblivious to the fact that he would be utterly shocked at who the perpetrator was when he finally completed his investigations. And in fact, that realization would deal a devastating blow to him. 
Back at Heron Hill. 
Sasha was having a good day with Sebastian who was being locked up at the summit of the small hill. 
After they were sent there, Sasha realized Sebastian no longer raged as he did in the hospital. 
Instead, he was largely calm and quiet in the house. All he did was play chess alone with a set that Sasha had found in Jonathan’s study. 
On second thought, she wasn’t even sure if he was playing a game. 
Every time she went in, she would only see a few pieces placed on the board and he would be staring blankly at them. 
What is he thinking? 
Sasha felt the urge to know.
However, given how rare it was to be at peace, Sasha refrained from asking him. She treasured the fact that she could continue to spend time by his side. 
“Darling, it’s time for lunch. Look, I made you your favorite steak and mushroom soup. Why don’t we give it a try?” 
Given that it was lunchtime, Sasha called out to him as she served the food she had prepared. 
She didn’t change the way she addressed him. 
After having suffered so many blows, she didn’t want to lose the right to address him as such. 
When she went to see him the moment he woke up, she called him “darling” to remind him of their relationship. Unfortunately, he responded with cold indifference. 
After filling him a bowl of soup, she prepared his plate and put them on the table. 
“Darling?” 
“Open the door!” 
Suddenly, Sebastian cried out as he swept aside the chess pieces. His gaze was trained at the sunlight that was penetrating the window. 
Open the door? What is he trying to do?” 
Sasha’s expression darkened slightly. “Are… are you planning to go out for a walk? But…” 
She wanted to tell him that he couldn’t do so because he was sick. If he flew into a sudden fit of rage, she would not be able to stop him. 
However, when she saw how intently he was looking outside as if it was his craving, her heart wavered.
“Fine. Wait for me.” 
After putting down her bowl, she ran out at once. 
She came back a few minutes later with a red silky ribbon. She had removed it from somewhere, rushed back happily with it, and stood before Sebastian. 
“Darling, I’m sorry, but can I tie this to your wrist?” she pleaded coyly. 
She watched him warily as she raised the ribbon. 
Sebastian stared at her. 
Is she trying to leash me like a dog? 
A few seconds later, he wiggled his wrist at her. 
Sasha was delighted by his response and immediately tied the ribbon around his arm. After that, she made a circle with the ribbon and threaded her hand through it. 
“All right, Darling, let’s go now.” 
She was delighted at how both their arms were secured tightly with the ribbon. 
However, Sebastian was speechless at the sight. 
###Chapter 926
Chapter 926
Even the old dog outside turned to look at them in amusement. 
A few minutes later, the two finally headed out. 
Given that it was early autumn, the summit was extremely beautiful. The sky was clear other than for the occasional cloud. The setting was picture-perfect. 
The leaves had turned yellow while the grass was no longer as green. 
In fact, the view from the summit was a colorful one. Trees were laden with fruits that Sasha couldn’t recognize while the hill was covered in flaming red foliage. 
It was a sight to behold. 
“Darling, where would you like to go? Why don’t we take a stroll in the vegetable garden behind the house? Old Mr. Jadeson mentioned that some of his beans are ripe. Perhaps we can check on them and harvest them for dinner later? I’m sure they taste delicious.” 
Sasha stood by Sebastian’s side outside the wooden cottage. 
Suddenly, she had an idea. Turning to look at him, her sparkling eyes glistened in the sun. 
Her gaze took Sebastian’s breath away. 
Her eyes sparkled so brightly that made him look elsewhere awkwardly. 
Nevertheless, he chose not to say a word.
Just as he expected, Sasha coaxed like he was a kid and they came to the vegetable garden. 
“Wow! Look, Darling! The beans are already ripe. Old Mr. Jadeson is really something to have planted all these!” 
Sasha was delighted when she saw the entire swathe of beans. 
Other than beans, Jonathan had also grown peanuts. Before he enlisted in the army, he grew up on a farm. Naturally, he knew a lot about farming. 
Since the beans couldn’t be eaten raw, Sasha plucked some peanuts instead. 
After that, she rinsed them in the stream nearby. 
“Darling, try this. See if it’s any good.” 
No! 
Since Sebastian suffered from mysophobia, he recoiled when Sasha handed him the peanuts that were still dripping wet. 
What am I doing? How could I have forgotten that he’s still sick? 
Regaining her senses, Sasha retracted her hand. “I’m sorry, Darling. I forgot you have mysophobia. Let’s not eat it anymore.” 
With that, she threw the peanuts onto the ground. She thought that after she sent him back to his room, she could return to harvest some more. 
Unknown to her, just as both of them turned around, Sebastian stared at the peanuts on the ground with sudden regret.
After a while of strolling down the hill, the sky began to darken. 
“Darling, look, the sun is setting. Let’s go back now, shall we? I’ll take you out again tomorrow,” Sasha coaxed Sebastian, worried that he wouldn’t agree. 
Considering that he had managed to walk the entire afternoon after being cooped up at home for the last few days, Sebastian finally felt relieved and nodded in satisfaction. 
“Mmm,” he grunted as he looked at the cityscape afar. 
That city happened to be Jadeborough. 
Halfway up the hill—the part they were now at—was actually the best spot to see the entire cityscape. In fact, one didn’t even need binoculars to do so. 
From that spot, one could clearly see how peaceful and vibrant the city was. 
After admiring the scenery for a long time, he began to feel disappointed at the fact that nothing was happening. Just like a pool of still water, there were barely any ripples at all. 
Why? Did something go wrong? 
Squinting his eyes, his expression darkened all of a sudden. 
Sasha was already busy in the kitchen when darkness filled the sky a few hours later. She did not notice that a black figure had infiltrated their cottage and was headed for Sebastian’s room. 
“Mr. Hayes!” 
The figure somersaulted into the room in which only a dim light was lit and darted up to Sebastian who was sitting in his chair lost in thought.
When he heard the voice, Sebastian raised his icy gaze. 
“Why didn’t anything happen today?” 
“Jonathan hasn’t come out of the military base after heading back there for a second time,” the figure explained as he handed Sebastian his phone. 
With a grim expression, Sebastian took the phone and watched the video on it. He realized that it was the surveillance footage from Oceanic Estate and the White House. However, he was disappointed to see that nothing happened at Oceanic Estate up until the afternoon. 
“What’s the meaning of this? After helping him so much, is this how he reacts?” Sebastian finally lost his temper. Tossing the phone away, he swept all the chess pieces in front of him onto the floor. 
Fortunately, Sasha was in the kitchen and didn’t hear the commotion. 
However, the black figure was jolted by Sebastian’s reaction. 
Nevertheless, he knew Sebastian’s temper well after having served him for so many years. Therefore, he didn’t say another word and simply waited for Sebastian to calm down. 
“What has gone wrong?” 
“I think it has something to do with Jonathan. He brought back a combination lock from the military base, and it was this lock that made him return once again.” 
###Chapter 927
Chapter 927
It’s locked? 
Because Sebastian wasn’t a man heavily involved with the army’s affairs, he wasn’t well-versed in it. 
Is there a reason why it’s locked? 
“Mr. Hayes, you might not be aware, but the highly confidential district where you trained is considered a secret to most people. Its whereabouts are highly classified. Most people save for high-ranking military officers do not have access to it.” 
“High-ranking military officers?” Sebastian asked. 
“Yes. I found out about this yesterday. You’ll need a password and registered fingerprint to enter. Jonathan must have sent you there because of its tight security.” 
It looks like Dark Shadow is rather impressive. He managed to gather all this information and even came up with his own deduction. 
Sebastian remained silent as he mulled over the information. 
In truth, he hadn’t paid attention to these details because Jonathan was the one who sent him there. 
When he left, Logan welcomed him at the exit. 
Is there something hiding there that I did not expect? High-ranking military officers? 
Seeing that Sebastian was deep in thought, Dark Shadow glanced outside. All of a sudden, he noticed that the commotion coming from the kitchen had died out. The sudden silence caused him to panic.
Mr. Hayes, I have to go. It looks like Mrs. Hayes is returning.” With that, Dark Shadow opened the window and made to jump out. 
Before he could, however, Sebastian’s low voice drifted to his ears. “Are you trying to say that the person who snuck in to hypnotize me was acting under the orders of someone else?” 
Thud! 
Dark Shadow, who already had one foot out of the window, lost his balance and fell to the ground. 
Of course not! I’d never thought of something like this. In fact, I was just telling him what I’d found out. There’s no way I’d be able to decipher the information I’d obtained even if my life depended on it. 
Carefully, Dark Shadow pushed himself to his feet as he looked at Sebastian with a wary gaze. 
“Mr. Hayes, I am not capable enough to come up with such deductions. Amongst all of your men, I am not the brightest. Are you trying to say that someone from the army is colluding with the White House in secret?” Dark Shadow retorted in a mixture of shock and anger. 
Sebastian laughed wryly. “Save for this, what else could be possible?” he asked mockingly. 
“W-Who is this person, then?” Dark Shadow stammered. 
As soon as the question left his lips, the room’s temperature seemed to plummet. 
How terrifying! Dark Shadow felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. Immediately, he rubbed his neck in an attempt to calm himself down. 
In truth, the suspect was glaringly obvious. 
After all, the highly confidential district was under the Jadesons’ control. Jonathan had trained most of the high-ranking officials. They would never betray him so easily.
Otherwise, he would not have sent Sebastian there. 
Hence, Dark Shadow was able to identify the culprit in the blink of an eye. 
His mood took a drastic turn when he realized the truth. “Mr. Hayes, w-what should we do now?” Dark Shadow mumbled after a long moment of hesitation. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Are we still sticking to the original plan? Now that the White House is in chaos, we can get rid of them if we strike now.” 
Yet, Dark Shadow noticed that Sebastian’s lips had curled in contempt. “Does he deserve it?” 
Dark Shadow fell silent. 
He knew who Sebastian was referring to. That’s right, does he deserve it? 
After all, he had committed many wrongdoings. He failed to protect his son and grandson. Despite it all, the young man before him reached out a helping hand to the Jadesons when they were in dire times. 
Sebastian is right. What has that old man done? Does he deserve it? 
In the end, Dark Shadow chose not to reply as he vaulted out of the window. 
“Karl!” Sebastian called out. 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
“I need you to confirm the identity of this person. Was he really the person who colluded with the White House. If my suspicions are correct, I will make sure that he pays a hefty price for his actions.” Sebastian’s cold words carried a murderous air about them.
Without any delay, Karl left the cottage. He sped off into the night to carry out Sebastian’s orders. 
Although Karl wasn’t part of Sebastian’s family, he wouldn’t forgive anyone who crossed him. I’ll wipe him off the face of the earth! 
That night, Sasha was oblivious to the fact that someone had dropped by the cottage. 
After she tidied up the kitchen, Sasha head toward the bedroom. There, she noticed that Sebastian was already fast asleep. He must have been exhausted after roaming around the mountains. 
Seeing how he was in a deep slumber, Sasha chose not to disturb him. With a low voice, she said to him happily, “Good night, Darling.” With that, she crawled into the smaller bed. 
Given that Sebastian was still sick, she could not bear to leave him alone in the room. She was worried that something might happen to him tonight. 
Soon, Sasha dozed off. 
In the midst of her sleep, she didn’t realize that someone had scooped her into their arms. 
###Chapter 928
Chapter 928
When Sasha felt her body jostled away from the warmth of her bed, her brows pinched together. Like a disturbed cat, she huffed in frustration. 
Quickly, a pair of arms pulled her into a warm embrace. 
“Shh,” a man’s warm yet baritone voice murmured beside her ear. 
His deep voice lulled Sasha back to her sleep as she snuggled into the man’s arm. Wrapped in his warm embrace, Sasha did not stir until morning arrived. 
The next morning, Sasha was awoken by her phone’s ringtone. When she cracked her eyes open, she realized that the sky outside was already bright. 
Who on earth is calling me so early? 
As Sasha was still feeling groggy, she wasn’t aware of her surroundings. She reached out to pick up her phone and answered the call. “Hello? Who is this?” 
“Sasha, something terrible happened. Stephen was taken from his home last night. Until now, there are still no clues regarding his whereabouts. Devin is going mad with worry!” 
The moment the call was connected, a woman’s panicked voice blasted through the phone. 
Her rapid rambling left Sasha feeling confused. 
Is this Sabrina? What happened? 
Sasha readjusted her phone to hear Sabrina better. “Do you mind repeating it? I don’t get it. Stephen was kidnapped? Who kidnapped him?” she asked quizzically. 
“Jonathan, of course!” Sabrina snapped angrily.
Sabrina’s curt reply left Sasha even more puzzled. 
Jonathan’s the one who’s behind this kidnapping? But, what’s wrong with him taking away his own son? Does she have too much time on her hands? Why is she getting so worked up over such a small matter? 
Sasha felt a rush of irritation. “Sab, they’re father and son. Isn’t it normal for them to go out together? Let me give you a piece of advice; it’d be best if you avoid meddling in their family affairs if you want to establish a close relationship with them.” 
“That is utter b*llshit!” Sabrina cursed the moment she heard Sasha’s reply. 
“Sasha, don’t you get it? I’m not talking about their family affairs! Jonathan found out Stephen was involved in Sebastian’s accident. After he realized Stephen’s involvement, Jonathan got so angry that he kidnapped Stephen!” 
Sasha was so stunned that she couldn’t muster a response. 
Did I mishear Sabrina? Stephen was involved in Sebastian’s persecution? But, why would he harm Sebastian? Aren’t they related? Is it because the Jadesons couldn’t accept Sebastian? 
Sasha couldn’t believe her ears. 
“Where did you get this information from?” Sasha asked after a long moment of pause. 
“Kira told me about it. When Stephen was taken away last night, Jasmine came to the Woods Residence begging for help. Seeing that, Kira called me and asked me to look for you. She hoped that you could calm Jonathan’s fury and help Stephen get away with a lighter punishment.” 
Sabrina did not beat around the bush and relayed the information to Sasha in detail. 
Since she got it from the Woods Residence, the incident must be real.
Yet, Stephen had hurt Sebastian. Why does Sabrina think that I’ll help him? Did she forget who I am? 
All of a sudden, realization dawned upon Sasha. In the midst of her shock, she did not delve into the details. Promptly, Sasha felt a surge of blazing anger flicker alight. 
“Sab, this is your brother we’re talking about. Why are you helping the person who hurt your brother?” 
“I-” Upon hearing Sasha’s cold words, Sabrina fell silent. 
In truth, she did not want to help Stephen. But when she heard that Devin was worried out of his mind, she gave in to Kira’s words and decided to call Sasha. 
“It’s n-not what you think. I just wanted you to ask around about the current situation. I only called you because Kira said that Devin didn’t leave the Oceanic Estate ever since he got there.” Sabrina’s face turned pale as she tried to explain her thoughts. 
Although Sabrina did not want to side with her brother’s perpetrator, she was concerned about Devin’s wellbeing. Hence, she called Sasha for help. 
In the end, Sasha heaved out a heavy sigh and agreed to Sabrina’s request. After all, Devin was innocent. 
After Sasha hung up the call, she set her phone aside and prepared to get out of bed. 
Just as she moved, she bumped into someone. Furthermore, the close proximity made her realize that she was sharing a bed with the person. Oh my God! 
Sasha’s eyes widened as she whirled around to look at the other side of the bed. 
“You’re finally done with your call?” The man rasped in a cold tone as they locked gazes. His dark eyes resembled a stormy sky.
White noise buzzed in Sasha’s ears as she gave the man a dumbfounded look. 
How could this be? When did I crawl into his bed? What’s worse was that I shared a bed with him for the entire night? 
###Chapter 929
Chapter 929
Wait a moment, aren’t we are a married couple? It shouldn’t be a big deal for me to sleep with him, then. That being said, he has been diagnosed with multiple personality disorder. Sebastian doesn’t even remember that I’m his wife. 
A tremble skittered down Sasha’s spine. 
“G-Good morning, darling,” Sasha stammered as she forced out a smile. I must look like a fool! Shakily, she lifted her hand and waved at him as a form of greeting. 
Sebastian’s gaze darkened. “How long are you planning to lie on my body?” 
Startled, Sasha looked down and finally noticed that not only were they on the same bed, the entire lower half of her body was pressed against him like an octopus. 
F*ck! What came over me last night? Why did I do such embarrassing and idiotic things? 
Sasha decided against replying and drew away from him like she had been electrocuted. Immediately, she ripped her blankets away as she leaped out of bed. “I-I’m going to prepare breakfast.” 
With that, she scampered out of the room as fast as a hare. 
The corners of Sebastian’s mouth twitched upward when he saw Sasha’s flustered image. With great effort, he managed to maintain his icy composure. 
Jonathan is going to punish his own son? I may have underestimated him.
At the same time, he pushed the blanket off his body and caught sight of a wet patch of drool on his pajamas. With a single hand, Sebastian removed his shirt to reveal his toned and muscled torso. He then made his way to the wardrobe. 
Sebastian’s muscular body was the result of his three-month training in the army. 
Outside, Sasha grabbed her phone. Just as she was about to make a call to Oceanic Estate, the loud bang of the door being flung open made her jolt in surprise. 
Promptly, Sasha looked up and noticed Sebastian. The sight of his buff figure made her flush hotly. 
Why can’t I get a break? It’s still the crack of dawn! 
Unconsciously, Sasha gulped. 
When Sebastian noticed the way her shy gaze flickered toward him, the temptation he had fought so hard to resist last night began to resurface. 
“Come here,” Sebastian said in a low voice. 
“Huh?” Sasha gaped at him. He wants me to approach him? 
Although Sasha did not understand him clearly, she blushed crimson red. Unable to resist Sebastian’s magnetic allure, she stepped closer. 
“Help me look for a shirt.” Sebastian ignored her on purpose as he maintained his emotionless facade. Without another word, he stepped aside to let her in. 
Instantly, Sasha understood his intentions. That’s right. Since he’s a patient, he needs my help changing clothes.
Utterly embarrassed by her reaction to his bare chest, Sasha hung her head to avoid his gaze and made her way toward the wardrobe. There, she began to search for a suitable shirt. 
“Do you have a specific color preference? Is gray all right?” Sasha asked. 
“Any color would be fine.” 
From his clipped reply, Sasha could tell that he was getting impatient. Hurriedly, she took out a pair of gray sweats. She had asked someone from the Oceanic Estate to deliver them over for him yesterday. 
Although she had selected his clothes, Sebastian remained rooted to the spot. His impatient glare was fixated intensely on her. It looked like he was telling her to help him get dressed. 
Oh God, does he want me to help him? 
Sasha felt her heartbeat pick up again. This time, she was more excited than scared. 
She ignored the warm flush spreading across her cheeks as she carried the clothes over to him. 
It had been a long time since she touched Sebastian’s muscular body. In fact, the last time she remembered touching him was in her dreams. The closer she got, the more she felt her heart race in her chest. 
Trembling, Sasha reached out a finger. 
“You said that we are husband and wife.” Just as her fingertip grazed his warm chest, Sebastian asked a question out of the blue. 
Immediately, Sasha looked up to gaze at him. “That’s right.” She nodded in earnest. 
“What have we done together? Did we share our first night together?”
“What?” 
‘I’m referring to the affairs that women and men do in bed. If we’ve already done it, you don’t have to feel conscious or embarrassed about this morning. I am your husband, after all. Didn’t you have a good sleep last night?” 
For a solid ten seconds, Sasha simply stared at him. She was so shocked that it felt like her eyes would pop out of her head. 
Furthermore, he had said that to her with a straight face on. 
I had a good sleep? Why was that phrased in such a weird manner? 
Immediately, Sasha knew that he was referring to the fact of how she was wrapped around his body this morning. 
Even so, why does the word ‘sleep’ sound so wrong to. my ears? 
“Oh? Okay,” Sasha mumbled with her face as red as a tomato. 
“Similarly, I had a good night’s rest.” 
His words prompted Sasha to look up. 
To her utter surprise, Sebastian’s large hand cupped her chin before he lowered his head and kissed her on the lips. 
###Chapter 930
Chapter 930
Sasha nearly jumped back in shock. 
What on earth is happening today? Why can’t I catch my breath for a single moment? 
In a daze, Sasha couldn’t even remember how she exited the room. 
When she snapped back to reality, Sasha found herself laying on the bed with an aching body. Moreover, it was already dark outside. 
F*ck! 
She looked up at the ceiling and forced herself to calm down. 
Knock! Knock! 
“Who is it?” Sasha called out. 
“Sasha, are you awake? I’m here to escort you to Oceanic Estate,” a feminine voice replied. 
Is that Janice? 
Sasha was surprised to hear Janice’s voice. Immediately, she rose to her feet and tidied herself up before opening the door to greet the woman. 
“Aunt Janice, why are you here?” 
“Mark told me to come and get you. Sasha, you need to get to the Oceanic Estate as soon as possible. An incident has occurred; you need to help oversee the situation.” 
As soon as Sasha opened the door, Janice grasped her hand. The latter’s desperate demeanor was a stark contrast to her usually calm one.
The shift in Janice’s attitude left Sasha stunned. What on earth happened? 
Sasha recalled her phone call with Sabrina this morning. “Are you talking about Stephen?” she asked to confirm her suspicions. 
“Yes, Old Mr. Jadeson brought him to the White House. Sebastian has also tagged along. Right now, Jasmine and the Woods are at the Oceanic Estate. It’s a mess there.” Janice nodded; her face was painted with worry and sorrow. 
Sasha’s mind went completely blank. 
When she snapped out of her daze, she realized that she was the only one in the room earlier. 
Sebastian was brought to the White House? Why did they drag him there? Sebastian’s a patient. His mental health is hardly stable. Why did Jonathan bring him there? Has that old man gone absolutely mad? 
The blood drained from her face when Sasha realized that Sebastian was at the White House. 
Without further delay, she changed her clothes and followed Janice down the mountain. Already, she noticed that the sun was setting. The darkening sky made her feel guilty. Why didn’t I ask Jonathan about it this morning? I should have taken action the moment Sabrina called me. 
I could have stopped him if I found out about his plans sooner. F*ck! How could I be so careless? I forgot about everything the moment I saw his body… 
Sasha couldn’t help but chide herself angrily. 
However, she was unaware that someone had delayed her departure because they wanted to shield her from the ongoing war.
Finally, the high-profile murder case of the military commander was brought to the White House. Along with it were witnesses and the case’s biggest suspect. Coincidentally, all of the government’s important officials were present too. 
Walter—the Deputy Chief of the Cabinet Council, was shocked when he saw a chained-up Stephen getting dragged in by Jonathan’s men. 
“He must be out of his mind. Why did he give up his only son for a mentally unstable grandson?” Walter mumbled to himself. 
He kept his sharp gaze fixated on the father and son duo. His murderous glare resembled one of a poisonous snake. 
The other members of the Cabinet Council, including the Chief of the Cabinet Council, were no better. 
After all, no one could have expected something like this to happen. 
They assumed that Jonathan would be caught between a rock and a hard place after they anonymously sent a videotape showcasing Stephen’s involvement. 
On the contrary, Jonathan remained at the military base for another night. The next morning, he headed to the Jadesons and captured Stephen immediately. 
“Sir, I received news earlier. If this matter cannot be kept a secret, you can pin all the blame on Stephen by saying that he was the one who contacted us.” 
“What?” Immediately, the Chief of the Cabinet Council whirled around to look at his messenger. “How will that be possible? Stephen will never confess.” 
“You don’t need his confession at all.” With that, the messenger placed a letter in front of the Chief as he smiled sinisterly.
The Chief opened the letter and skimmed through its contents. Promptly, his eyes widened in shock. 
“Shin? He’s doing this to his brother-” 
“Shh.” The messenger placed his finger over his mouth, signaling for the Chief to lower his voice. 
“Relax, this is our trump card. As long as you use this letter as evidence, Stephen will shoulder all the blame. Jonathan will be none the wiser. Then, we can strip Walter and the rest of their position. The White House will remain unscathed.” The messenger’s grin widened as he explained. 
“Really?” The Chief was momentarily giddy with joy. 
If things play out as planned, everything will be smooth sailing. This way, Jonathan will be the one at a disadvantage. Once Jonathan topples, how long can Devin last without Stephen? 
By then, it would be like taking candy from a baby. 
Overcome with joy, the Chief of the Cabinet Council could not smother his dark smile. 
His gaze darted toward the Jadesons, who were seated on the stage. All of the spotlights were directed toward the trio. 
One of them is old; the other is an idiot, while the last one is crazy. Now that they are all gathered together, I can’t let this opportunity slip out my grasps! 
###Chapter 931
Chapter 931
The Director of Public Prosecutions felt sorry for the Hamiltons who were crying their hearts out in the congress hall. “Old Mr. Hamilton, please try to calm down. Now that everyone is here, we will surely sort things out for you,” he consoled Christopher, Logan’s father. 
“Thank you.” Christopher sniffled and murmured gratefully. 
Hearing that, all the other Hamiltons nodded as they wiped off their tears. 
By right, the case would be handled first by the police for investigation according to the standard procedure. After that, it would be handed over to the Department of Public Prosecutions, whereby Sebastian would be charged with the concrete evidence obtained. Then, the department would go through further interrogation before he was convicted. 
However, this case was too unusual. Both the Hamiltons and the Jadesons were from prestigious and influential families of military backgrounds. Not to mention, it involved the confidentiality of the military base. Thus, the investigation and interrogation of the case had to be conducted confidentially so it would not result in a nationwide uproar. As a result, the congress hall was turned into a prosecution hall at the moment. 
Before the official interrogation of the case, the Director of Public Prosecutions explained the current condition when it was first handed over to their department briefly. “Everyone, allow me to explain in brief the details obtained for this case. Old Mr. Jadeson sent Mr. Yariel Jadeson, his grandson, to the military base for intensive training. However, Mr. Jadeson was dissatisfied with the appraisal of his performance. He had a conflict with the late Mr. Logan Hamilton, his commander at that time. Subsequently, he lost his mind and strangled Mr. Hamilton.” 
He mentioned Sebastian’s real name as a member of the Jadesons. The name, Yariel Jadeson, was given by Jonathan. Even so, Sebastian raised his brows and seemed to be repulsed by it. 
Surprisingly, when he was brought back by Jonathan, Jonathan did not request him to change his name back to the one given by him. On top of that, Jonathan even addressed him by his current name given by the Hayes. 
Nevertheless, the news of Sebastian being acknowledged as one of the Jadesons was no secret to everyone. Thus, there were times where he needed to address himself as Yariel Jadeson under specific circumstances. 
For instance, when he was undergoing training in the military base for the past three months, everyone addressed him as Seb. Even so, his registered name was actually Yariel Jadeson. 
“Yes, that was what had occurred basically.” The Hamiltons nodded and started wailing again. 
The Director of Public Prosecutions gestured to the Chief Prosecutor seated next to him to proceed with the latest update. 
As instructed, the Chief Prosecutor explained, “However, based on our investigation, we discovered that the performance appraisal form which Mr. Hamilton gave to Mr. Jadeson was faked. Moreover, we managed to trace another important clue. Someone had sneaked into the military base on the night itself.” 
Next, he took out the specific performance appraisal form and combination lock obtained from the forensic team before placing them on the table. 
The two items sent the whole congress hall in an instant uproar.
The attendees in the congress hall were not solely members of the Cabinet Council. There were quite a number of them who were not partial on any side. 
Not to mention, congress played a major role in monitoring the whole White House. It ranged from the clerical support staff of the lowest rank up to the top leaders. 
In other words, the whole team of leaders of the country was under its supervision, including Jonathan. Undoubtedly, the congress was highly influential and powerful. 
“Do you mean that there is something awry about the whole case? Could it be that Mr. Jadeson did not strangle Mr. Hamilton, but was framed by others instead?” one of the congressmen asked in bewilderment. 
The Chief Prosecutor nodded and replied, “Yes, we’ve arrested the trainer who distributed the performance appraisal form at that time. He had admitted that via our interrogation.” 
In a split second, everyone in the congress hall was overwhelmed and started to gossip among themselves. 
It was known to everyone that Sebastian was claimed to have strangled Logan as he got worked up and lost control due to the performance appraisal form. Now that it was proven that the form was a counterfeit, they could not resist wondering why he had lost his mind all of a sudden. 
In an instant, all eyes were on Sebastian, the so-called culprit. 
To their astonishment, he remained seated nonchalantly as he flipped through a comic book out of nowhere, acting as though he was oblivious to anything around him. 
Everyone was rendered speechless and sympathized with him. He seems to become the target of the bullies just because he has mental issues.
“If that was the case, what made him lose his mind that night, then? Anyway, it is an undeniable fact that he had strangled Logan Hamilton.” Someone brought up his point of view. 
The Chief Prosecutor looked up and was astounded that the man who asked the question turned out to be Franklin, the Chief of the Cabinet Council for the White House. 
Has he gone nuts? I can’t believe that he’s bringing up the topic now! The Chief Prosecutor who knew the truth was in bafflement. 
Even so, he still pointed at the combination lock and replied formally, “This is the second clue that we managed to obtain.” 
“The lock?” Franklin asked right away. 
“Yes, this is the combination lock for that particular district in the military base. Somehow, we don’t understand why it remains utterly clean without any traceable fingerprints. I’m sure all of you will have the same doubt that, by right, various fingerprints from everyone accessing the district all this while should be traceable from the lock. It doesn’t make sense for it to remain as clean as a new one without any traceable fingerprints, does it?” The Chief Prosecutor smiled subtly as he looked at the others. 
Right that instant, the others in the congress hall were enlightened by his words and started gossiping among themselves again. On the other hand, Franklin clenched his fists under the table and could barely wait to finish off the few of them who had failed to accomplish their mission. Damn it! So this is the point that caused a hiccup in our plan! They are all useless trash! 
“So, it’s confirmed that someone sneaked into the military base that night?” another congressman asked inquisitively. 
###Chapter 932
Chapter 932
“Yes.” Jonathan finally opened his mouth. 
He looked haggard, as though he had suddenly aged rapidly within one night. With utter weariness in his bloodshot eyes, he gave a wave. 
Soon after, someone from the military base brought in a surveillance tape. 
As silence ensued in the whole congress hall, everyone held their breath and fixed their eyes on the huge LED screen. After a while, a scene from the surveillance footage came into view. 
They saw a black figure sneak into the military base in the darkness. Soon, they were startled and gasped unbelievably at the most baffling moment. 
Crack! Miraculously, the door to the confidential district opened right after the black figure keyed in the passcodes and had their fingerprint scanned. 
“My goodness! Am I seeing things? Did they just unlock the combination lock?” someone yelled out in disbelief. 
What the hell is happening? How did that person manage to open the door of the confidential district in the military base? Only those of the higher ranks from the military base have the right to access this door, don’t they? 
All of them gaped at the LED screen. No doubt, the restrictions in the military base were nothing new to them.
There was finally a slight change in Sebastian’s countenance. He arched his brows and sneered inwardly. My, my, I can’t believe that old man actually dared to play that surveillance footage in front of everyone! 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, what does this mean? Do you mean to say that someone actually sneaked into the military base and set your grandson up?” one of the congressmen asked warily. 
“That’s right!” Without hesitation, Jonathan gritted his teeth and nodded. 
His words resulted in another wave of turbulence in the congress hall. Everyone freaked out completely and started to lambast in exasperation. All this while, the military base played an important role in defending the nation and ensuring the safety of all the citizens. Therefore, they could not accept the fact that such a highly confidential district in the military base could be intruded on by anyone effortlessly. 
“Who is that person? Did you manage to trace their identity? By hook or by crook, we must drag them out and finish them off at once!” one of the congressmen snarled. 
Another congressman fumed, “Yeah, how could anyone provoke our military department with such insolence? What are we in their eyes, huh? Pfft! They surely had the audacity to intrude our highly confidential district in such a carefree way!” 
“D*mn it! What nonsense!” the congressman next to him echoed. 
Within seconds, sounds of chiding and whining were reverberating from every corner of the congress hall, resulting in a massive wave of turmoil. 
The military base was not a public region accessible by anyone. Thus, they were worried sick when someone had actually intruded on the security system that they had been proud of all the time. 
In the meantime, the Chief Prosecutor tossed Jonathan a glance. Deep down, he hoped that Jonathan would reveal the intruder’s identity himself. He could not resist sympathizing with Jonathan and did not
have the heart to urge him in front of everyone. 
When he glanced at the members from the Cabinet Council of the White House instinctively, he was stunned at their nonchalance. Unexpectedly, there were even hints of unmissable anticipation in their countenance, as though they could barely wait to watch a show. 
What is going on? Why do they look as cool as ever? No doubt, Stephen Jadeson was the one who gave the intruder the passcode and the fingerprint chip. Even so, they are the mastermind manipulating everything, aren’t they? The Chief Prosecutor gulped as he felt alarm bells ringing in his head. 
“He…” Before he could finish his words, Jonathan cut him off at once and stood up instantaneously. “You don’t have to ask him anything. I will answer this question myself!” 
Sebastian was dumbfounded and rendered speechless. 
On the other hand, Stephen, who sat next to his father, felt his heart sink. “Dad…” 
“That person was able to sneak into the military base effortlessly because someone told him the passcode for this combination lock and gave him the fingerprint chip! And that despicable someone is none other than my unfilial son seated beside me now!” Jonathan revealed everything, placing righteousness above his son without a second thought. 
Next, he turned and glared at his panic-stricken son with his bloodshot eyes that were filled with unbridled fury. 
Sebastian clenched his fists. Eventually, he turned away from them, reluctant to spare the fiasco that was playing out before him another glance. 
Jonathan’s words were indeed a bolt out of the blue, striking everyone in the congress hall.
My goodness! Are we hearing things? Old Mr. Jonathan’s son was the culprit? But why did he set Yariel Jadeson up? Aren’t they a family? As Shin Jadeson’s elder brother, he should have showered his nephew with fatherly love on behalf of his late brother. So why did he have the heinous mind to frame his nephew instead? How could he have the heart to do so to the flesh and blood of his late brother? 
After glaring at his son for quite a while, Jonathan threw a punch at him and bellowed in utter anguish, “Well? Speak! What are you still intending to hide from us? Why did you do that to your own nephew?” 
It was as though blood was trickling down from his heart. Everyone could even sense the excruciating pain in his bellow of fury and anguish. At the sight of Jonathan, who had turned crimson with fury and was panting breathlessly as he trembled uncontrollably, they could not resist fearing that the old man would collapse at any moment. 
Fortunately, Stephen gave in and opened his mouth at last. 
###Chapter 933
Chapter 933
“T-They were the ones who made the first move by approaching me. According to them, you will surely pass down the inheritance right to me if something were to happen to Sebastian. That’s why I agreed to collude with them,” Stephen stuttered and pointed at the members of the Cabinet Council with his quivering finger. 
His words rang out like thunder to everyone, striking the congress hall once again. 
This time around, everyone in the congress hall only gaped at the members of the Cabinet Council with a perplexed look. Apparently, their senses were prevailed by the previous overwhelming moments and their minds had since turned mushy. My goodness! Is the worst yet to come? 
It wasn’t until quite some time had passed did the Director of Public Prosecutions come to his senses. He looked in the direction of the Cabinet Council. “Mr. Hamilton, is he telling the truth?” 
In response, Franklin shook his head and responded casually, “I’m clueless of that.” 
The Chief Prosecutor’s eyes widened in disbelief. He could not believe that Franklin sounded innocent without a sense of guilt. 
An infuriated Jonathan lashed out at once. “What do you mean? Are you trying to say that my son is telling lies? Now that he has relented and admitted his wrongful act, do you think it still makes sense for him to lie?” 
Franklin simply shrugged and replied placidly, “I wish to make myself clear again. I really don’t have any clue about that.” 
He paused and suggested abruptly by tossing Jonathan a meaningful look. “Anyway, Old Mr. Jadeson, if you don’t trust all of us from the Cabinet Council, I can arrange for everyone to have a confrontation with your son now. What do you think?” 
At the peak of fury, Jonathan blurted out, “Then what are you waiting for? Get all of them here at once!” 
Sadly, a fearless military commander for his whole life on the battlefield was unaware of the hideousness of those despicable ones who merely spent time scheming in their comfort zone. At the same time, the Chief Prosecutor was starting to smell a rat. 
In the meantime, one of the members from the Cabinet Council had dashed out of the congress hall. Within a while, all the members of the Cabinet Council gathered at the congress hall. 
“Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson, everyone from the Cabinet Council is here now. Try and see if the person you are looking for is among them. Before that, however, a word of advice. Regardless of anything, your words are nothing without concrete evidence,” Franklin reminded Stephen as if he was hinting at something. 
Right that instant, Stephen could not think of anything else. His mind was preoccupied with the yearning to stay alive. 
He was sure as hell that Jonathan had actually granted him a chance to fight for his life by pointing out his mistake in front of everyone. There would still be a chance for him to twist the situation once he revealed the mastermind behind all this. 
He scanned the members of the Council Cabinet one by one before he pointed at a short, plump man standing far right among the others. The man was none other than the Deputy Chief. 
“Ah! He’s the one! Dad, he’s the one who assigned his people to look for me. I still keep a record of our phone conversation!” Stephen’s eyes lit up as he whipped out his phone at once.
A man’s voice sounded right after the recording was played. “Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson, if you agree, both of us will be able to obtain what we are yearning for. It’s a win-win situation for us, isn’t it?” 
“But…” 
“Don’t worry. I will not take your nephew’s life. I’m just thinking of giving him a good scare.” The Deputy Chief was heard snickering as he tried to convince Stephen. 
In the blink of an eye, everyone in the congress hall turned to look at the Deputy Chief. Nobody would fail to sense the unmistakable uniqueness of his voice from the recorded phone conversation. Undoubtedly, the person was nobody else other than him. 
The Deputy Chief yelled out at the top of his lungs. “You’re bluffing! Stephen Jadeson, you were the one who approached me first by requesting my help to set your nephew up. You promised to talk your dad into enabling me to be appointed as the Chief of the Cabinet Council! You are a liar!” 
“To hell with you! What kind of nonsense are you spouting?” Stephen snapped at him. 
“I’m telling the truth! You have been thinking of finishing your nephew off all this while. After all, you were the one who caused the tragic fate of his father! You can hardly wait to end his life at any moment, fearing that he will find out your brutal act one day!” The Deputy Chief continued to shriek at Stephen. 
Once again, it was as if everyone in the congress hall was struck by another bolt of lightning out of the blue. 
It never crossed their mind that such a mind-boggling secret would be blurted out of the Deputy Chief’s mouth when he was unleashing his wrath like one beyond insanity. 
In an instant, pin-drop silence ensued in the congress hall.
Everyone’s eyes were on the Deputy Chief; they were at a loss for words. Even Sebastian, too, was fixing his blazing eyes on him. 
“You’re lying! Walter Xaver, how dare you slander me! I’m going to kill you!” Stephen, who had turned ashen-faced, was about to pounce on the Deputy Chief. 
Unexpectedly, Walter was quick-witted to dodge and whipped out a letter from nowhere. He tore open the envelope at once and flipped open the letter in front of everyone. 
“The audacity of you to still try to twist the truth! Do you still remember this? It’s the letter you delivered to your beloved brother when he was at the front line of the battlefield. It was written clearly in it that your father had assigned his men to finish his wife and son off. As a result, he was grief-stricken and ended up being shot by the enemy’s sniper rifle. Look, his bloodstain is still visible on it!” he scoffed at Stephen with a smirk. 
###Chapter 934
Chapter 934
Jonathan’s face fell in an instant. He darted toward Walter and snatched the letter from him. Undeniably, nothing was more horrendous than the devastating truth. He swayed on his feet as though he was going to collapse at any second. 
Nevertheless, that was not the worst moment for him. Franklin added fire to the flame by uttering deliberately, “Old Mr. Jadeson, let me tell you something. When Shin attempted to flee many years ago, he was worried that you would hold his letter. Hence, he posted a copy to me, asking me to pass it to his brother. Have you ever thought about the possibility that your eldest son could be the only person among all the Jadesons who knew best about Shin’s condition at that time?” 
Jonathan could hardly breathe, aghast at hearing more devastating secrets that he was going to unveil. 
“Later, right after he was assigned by you to the front line, Charles headed straight to Avenport to finish off your daughter-in-law and her son. Were you the one who instructed Charles? If not, how could he know about their exact location in Avenport? Have you ever thought about that?” A malicious-looking Franklin added insult to injury by enunciating the words. He was indeed rubbing salt in Jonathan’s wound cruelly and stabbing his vulnerable heart constantly with his vicious words. 
Unable to fight off the stabbing pain in his heart, Jonathan clutched his chest, his vision turning blurry. Due to utter breathlessness, his face gradually turned purple. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson!” the Chief Prosecutor yelled out nervously; his face turned ashen. He rushed down hastily toward Jonathan, but it was too late. 
Urk! Blood spurted out from Jonathan’s mouth before he wobbled and was going to collapse at any moment. 
There was reverberation of squeal in the congress hall.
At the eleventh hour, a figure moved as quick as a bolt of lightning and stretched out his hands. 
In the twinkling of an eye, Jonathan had landed safely in his arms. 
Coincidentally, the Chief Prosecutor happened to see the person who came to Jonathan’s aid in the nick of time. He was taken aback and stammered, “M-Mr. Jadeson?” 
The figure turned out to be Sebastian. All the others in the congress hall were flabbergasted and gaped at him. 
Isn’t he a lunatic? How did he manage to react and come to his grandpa’s rescue in such a short span of time? Is he badly rattled after witnessing his grandpa’s pathetic state? Not only that, his uncle is the culprit who caused the tragic death of his parents! 
Their heart wrenched as they thought about the series of disgruntling happenings which had befallen the Jadesons. Even so, they soon found out that things seemed to be turning the other way around. 
“Take him away and call the doctor at once,” Sebastian instructed. 
“Huh?” The Chief Prosecutor was stupefied. 
After quite some time, he finally came to his senses. Intimidated by the utter calmness on Sebastian’s face, he nodded robotically and replied, “All right, I’ll bring him away now. 
Without hesitation, he brought Jonathan, who had since sunk into unconsciousness, away. 
Before stepping out of the congress hall, he turned back to catch a final glimpse. To his astonishment, Sebastian was aiming a kick at Walter’s chest. 
“Ah!” Walter wailed in agony. The next moment, he was sent flying by Sebastian’s forceful kick.
Thud! 
He landed clumsily on the ground, causing the chairs and tables to clash. 
“Yariel Jadeson, what the hell do you think you’re doing? Don’t you know this is the congress hall? How dare you act so recklessly!” The Director of Public Prosecutions, who adopted a neutral stance, reprimanded Sebastian in order to rectify the situation. 
He presumed Sebastian’s emotional breakdown had driven him insane, causing him to bash Walter up. 
Even though Sebastian paid no heed to him, it was as though he had cooled his head off all of a sudden. 
After dusting his trousers off, he looked at the two pieces of bloodstained letters and picked them up. “I’m impressed at how you managed to obtain this,” he scoffed at Franklin; his lips contorted into a smirk. 
“W-What did you say?” Franklin stuttered. Sensing something amiss, he had lost the boldness he had a while ago. 
Sebastian gave him a cold-eyed stare. Somehow, it was as though his entire body was emanating waves of piercing coldness, sending chills down Franklin’s spine. 
“Anyway, we don’t need outsiders to meddle in the matter of the Jadesons. It’s time for me to settle a score with you for aiding and abetting in murdering me instead.” 
After that, he folded the bloodstained letters casually and kept them in his pocket. 
Franklin felt a prickle of fear, and his face turned pale. What’s going on? Isn’t he a madman? How can he stay calm as if nothing happened? He even seems to be having logic and clear thinking like a rational person!
Apart from him, the other onlookers were holding their breath, having a gut feeling that more appalling moments were going to play out before them. 
“Didn’t I make it clear just now? Your uncle is proven to be the mastermind behind everything. As for the Deputy Chief, since he had admitted that he was the accomplice, we will send him to the police. Hopefully, they can give you a satisfactory explanation then.” Franklin tried to appease Sebastian. 
An explanation? Sebastian snickered as he mocked, “Seems like you’ve misunderstood. I’m neither Stephen Jadeson nor one of your foolish and submissive subordinates. Bear in mind that I’m not somebody whom you can fool.” 
###Chapter 935
Chapter 935
Franklin was rendered speechless at that. 
Sebastian continued flatly, “Aren’t you just trying to find a way to clean up after your boss? No worries. I will grant your wish. I’ll let him know of all the things you’ve done to protect him.” 
Then, he raised his slender finger and made a gesture in the air. 
Immediately, everyone turned their attention to the LED screen. It was initially playing the recording that Jonathan had put in. Suddenly, snowflakes appeared on the screen. 
Following that, another shocking scene started to play. 
“Sir, you’ve been president for so long, but you’ve never had any true power. Now that Mr. Jadeson is dead, we can’t wait any longer.” 
A few seconds later, someone appeared before Franklin on the LED screen. 
That man was none other than Alfred. 
What the hell? No way! 
“The Jadesons are afraid of no one except for that lunatic,” said Alfred in the video. 
Lunatic? 
Hearing this, Franklin walked up to him. “Are you talking about that kid Jonathan brought back, Sebastian? Is he really that great?”
“Come on. He’s Shin’s son. What did you expect? The reason Baylor’s plans failed was because of this man. Before he died, he told me that to ruin the Jadesons, I have to start with that crazy guy!” 
This conversation came as a shock to everyone. 
No one expected that the president would say such sinister things to his subordinate in his own office. 
The crowd was furious. 
On the other hand, Franklin was close to passing out. 
With a pale face, he jumped up from his seat and rushed to try and turn the LED screen off. “This is all slander! This is the White House. How did a nobody like him get hold of the controls? Don’t listen to him. He’s lying!” screamed Franklin. 
When everyone heard this, they were surprised. They all turned to look at Sebastian curiously. 
In the next two seconds, another flurry of snowflakes appeared on the screen. A different scene appeared. Now, it showed the congress hall instead of the president’s office. 
The video that was playing was none other than a live situation in the congress hall. 
What the f*ck? 
Everyone felt a chill run down their spines. 
They looked anxiously at themselves on the big screen. For a while, everyone was shuddering in their seats. It felt as though there was a pair of eyes watching them from above. 
That feeling was ominous and absolutely terrifying. 
How did he do that?
This is the White House! It’s the pillar of the country! The security systems here were designed to prevent even foreign forces from being invading. So how did a regular man manage such a feat? 
As everyone stared at Sebastian, their eyes were filled with fear. 
As for Sebastian, his expression never changed. 
“Would you all like to see more?” 
There was silence in the room. No one dared to answer him, not even Franklin. 
Seeing this, Sebastian gestured for the LED screen to stop playing. 
However, following this, everyone received an email on their smartphones. In it was the video of Sebastian killing Logan at the military base that night. 
“Seb, did someone really hypnotize you?” 
“Yes.” 
“Well, what now? He’s already gone. What will you do?” 
“Lie down.” 
“What?” 
“I’ll pay you one million a day. You’re not allowed to step a single foot out of the funeral house. What do you say?” 
“F*ck!” 
In the end, the commander with a crew cut lay down obediently. In his hand was the performance appraisal form that did not even belong to him.
The entire crowd in the congress hall was on edge. 
Especially when they saw the ending. After all, this huge trial was meant for that supposedly ‘dead’ man who was now waving to them in the video. 
All of them wanted nothing more than to smash their smartphones to the ground. 
“Yariel, you’ve gone too far. How could you take us all for fools like this?” 
The Director of Public Prosecutions was a hot-tempered man. After seeing the video, he was the first one to jump up and shout. 
Sebastian shrugged. “Well, it’s not like I could really kill him. Besides, I just wanted to show you all what kind of person you are all truly supporting. Is that not a good thing?” 
The Director of Public Prosecutions, along with everyone else, was speechless. 
Ugh. I wish I could beat this guy up. 
Nonetheless, no one could deny that there was a sense of relief in their hearts. 
How did he manage to do this? He’s terrifying. The White House is nothing but a dollhouse he can play with. 
Franklin collapsed to the floor. He never expected that they were the ones who would end up looking like idiots. 
As he was being dragged away, he struggled to break free. Then, he ran over to Sebastian. 
“Who are you?” 
“What do you mean?”
“You’re not that lunatic anymore. You’re back to normal. You’re the president of Hayes Corporation in Avenport, aren’t you? Have you turned back into him?” questioned Franklin. His entire body was shaking. 
He was the only person who knew that only the true Sebastian could be this terrifying. Before they even realized it, he had already crushed them all. There would be no chance for them to escape. 
###Chapter 936
Chapter 936
There was no answer from Sebastian. 
It did not really matter who he was. 
The most important thing was that he would never let them see the light of day again. 
He stepped out of the White House together with the still unconscious Jonathan. Additionally, he was also dragging Stephen behind him like a corpse. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson…” 
“Grandpa!” 
All this while, Mark and Devin had been waiting outside. When they saw Sebastian coming out, they ran over. 
When they reached him, Devin saw his father being dragged limply by two White House guards. It clearly seemed as though he was unable to stand on his own two feet. 
Instantly, Devin stopped in his tracks, his face drained of color. 
“Let’s get him to the hospital for now. We can talk about the rest later.” 
Seeing his facial expression, Sebastian did not rush to give him an explanation. Instead, he calmly gave a wave of his hand. 
Immediately, the two White House guards put Stephen into the Jadesons’ car.
Devin had no words. 
He continued staring for a while before getting into the car as well. 
Soon after, they all left, heading toward the General Hospital. 
At Oceanic Estate. 
After Sasha was hurriedly dragged there by Janice, she was surrounded by a group of menaces. 
The reason why they were menaces was that since Jonathan left, Jasmine not only invited herself over, but she also called over everyone from the Woods family. This included Richard, whom Sasha had previously met at a feast. 
Right now, the spacious living room was filled with people. 
“I’m warning you. Either you call Jonathan and ask him to bring him back here, or I will divorce his son right now. The Woodses and the Jadesons will no longer have anything to do with each other.” 
Jasmine was yelling in the living room like a madwoman. She had brought the Woodses along and was shouting at the bodyguard captain. Her pointed finger was close to poking him in the face. 
Is this her idea of a threat? Does she really think that Jonathan respects Richard that much? Or that he relies heavily on the Woodses for glory? 
Hearing this from outside the door, Sasha could not help but want to laugh. 
Similarly, the bodyguard captain also found Jasmine’s threat ridiculous. However, since he was just an employee, he dared not start a fight with Jonathan’s daughter-in-law. 
“Ms. Jasmine, please calm down. I’ve told you that Old Mr. Jadeson only did so to save his son’s life. Furthermore, Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson was indeed in the wrong. He has to take responsibility for his
actions.” 
“Bullsh*t!” 
Jasmine burst into another string of curses. “What mistake? He’s obviously just biased toward that rascal.” 
The bodyguard captain did not know how to respond to that. 
“Am I wrong? Not long ago, he took away all our familial power and gave it to Sebastian. Now that he’s gone mental and is going around killing people, Jonathan’s just trying to use Stephen as a scapegoat. Do you think I don’t know about all that?” 
I can’t believe she just said something so preposterous. 
Sasha’s face turned green with rage. 
She strode in and was ready to teach Jasmine a lesson. Suddenly, one of the housemaids spoke up. Apparently, she could not listen to it any longer as well. 
“Ms. Jasmine, how could you say something like that? They are a family. One family member cannot get hurt without affecting the others. If you paint him out to be such an evil man, how could everyone possibly get along in the future?” 
The housemaid’s words were logical and sensible. 
When Jasmine heard it, she turned around. She stepped forward toward the housemaid and gave her a slap. 
“Olivia!” 
The harsh sound rang out along with surprised gasps from the others.
Sasha, who had just stepped in, immediately saw the housemaid clutch her face and staggered back. 
If it were not for the people beside her who held her up, she would have fallen to the floor. 
That crazy woman! 
Sasha immediately strode over. Before Jasmine could say any more, she cut her off. “Jasmine, what do you think you’re doing? You think you run this place now, do you?” 
The tough scolding made everyone turn to look at her, including Jasmine. 
Sasha? Why is she here? How dare she talk to me in that tone? Does she really think she is the head of the Jadesons now? 
She thought back to what happened two days ago. Anger started to rise to her chest, and her facial expression hardened. 
“Who do you think you are? What right do you have to reprimand me, Sasha Wand?” 
“I’ll deal with you later!” Sasha said curtly. 
Then, she strode over to the housemaid who had just been slapped. 
“Olivia, are you okay?” 
“I’m fine, Madam.” 
Although her face was stinging red and she had tears in her eyes, she still shook her head when she saw Sasha rush over to her. 
Sasha ordered the other housemaids to take her away. 
After dealing with that, she turned around and glared at the deranged woman not far away.
###Chapter 937
Chapter 937
“Jasmine, you’ve become so bold. How dare you come to Oceanic Estate and slap someone? Do you think the Jadesons will keep quiet just because you brought your entire family over?” 
Sasha was boiling with rage, but her face was calm. She simply stared at Jasmine as she enunciated her words slowly. 
As soon as she spoke, the entire hall went into an uproar. 
“Jasmine, what’s going on? She’s younger than you. How dare she talk to you like that?” 
“That’s right! She’s only been here for a few days, yet she holds no respect for you. What is going on in the Jadeson family? It is unacceptable for her to step over your head like this.” 
“No wonder you had to come over today. I didn’t know you were being mistreated here.” 
“Insolence!” Suddenly, a shout came from behind. 
It was none other than Richard. 
His eyes were wide with fury. His fierce glare made it seem as though he could skin Sasha alive. 
“Who do you think you are? Are the Jadesons that desperate? Or is Jonathan blind? Why would they send a little girl like you out here to spout nonsense?” 
“Old Mr. Woods…” 
Standing at the side, Janice’s face immediately changed.
However, Sasha reacted quickly. Before Janice could say anything, she ordered, “Get them all out of here!” 
She did not even bother with an explanation. She just decided to take action. 
What the f*ck? 
Janice was stunned. 
Not only her, but everyone from the Woods family, including Richard, had their jaws on the floor. They stared at Sasha in disbelief. 
Does this kid think she can just throw us out as she pleases? Is she insane? Even Jonathan would never dare to do something like this. 
Sasha had reached her boiling point. She did not hold any respect for them, and hence she made such an order. Unfortunately, the bodyguard captain did not make a move. 
She asked again, “What are you doing? Have you guys forgotten that Grandpa put me in charge of Oceanic Estate?” 
“O-Of course not.” 
“Then what are you waiting for? Get them all out of my sight. Oceanic Estate is not a place for them to come in and make a ruckus.” 
Her last sentence made her intentions very clear. 
The bodyguard captain dared not say a word more. With a gesture of his hand, all the other bodyguards rushed over. 
They were all elites that had been trained by Jonathan personally. No one could outpower them.
Finally, the people of Oceanic Estate got to see the group of troublemakers being thrown out of their territory. 
It was a satisfying sight indeed. 
“Sasha, you b*tch. How dare you kick me out? I am a Jadeson too. Not only that, but I am also older than you. What right do you have?” 
As Jasmine was getting dragged away, she never stopped yelling. 
Seeing this, Sasha walked over. “The right I have from being the lady of the Jadesons’ Residence. Is that a good enough reason?” 
“You…” 
“Oh, by the way…” Sasha paused and glanced over at Richard, who was also being dragged away pathetically by the bodyguards. Similarly, he was cursing nonstop. 
She sneered. 
“If it’s true that Stephen hurt my husband, you don’t need to worry. I will see to it that he divorces you before he dies. I won’t burden the Woods family. Jasmine will be free to marry again.” 
No harsher words could have been spoken. 
Jasmine shrieked. “You b*tch. I’m going to kill you…” 
Before she could raise her leg, the bodyguards had already taken her away. Even after they left her outside, her miserable wails never stopped. 
When dealing with people like this, there was no need for logic.
The best solution was to simply kick them out. 
Finally, peace was returned to Oceanic Estate. 
The housemaids and bodyguards sighed in relief after seeing this. They had a newfound admiration for their young lady of the house. 
“Madam, thank you for what you’ve done. I really had no idea what to do,” the bodyguard captain said as he went over to her and scratched the back of his head sheepishly. 
Sasha smiled back. 
She understood that he was simply an employee at Oceanic Estate. It was not his place to do anything toward the family members of the estate. 
“It’s all settled now. By the way, has there been any news from the White House? How are things going?” 
This was what Sasha was most concerned about. 
Hearing this, the bodyguard captain’s face turned solemn. “Nothing so far. Although Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson already told Old Mr. Jadeson everything before he left. Don’t worry, Madam. Mr. Sebastian will be fine.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
She curled her slender fingers into a fist. 
So, it is true. Stephen is involved in all this. 
She was vexed.
However, she could not go over there now. With the chaos that just happened here, Oceanic Estate needed her more than ever. 
Furthermore, the White House was a core infrastructure of the country. She was just a regular citizen. There was no way she could just waltz in. 
###Chapter 938
Chapter 938
Sasha waited with bated breath. 
Thankfully, someone returned just as the sun was about to set. 
“D-Darling, you’re back.” 
Tears of relief and joy welled up in her eyes as she gazed at Sebastian, who had just got out of the car. 
She was particularly concerned about him that day. 
After all, he was still sick when he was being whisked away to a place where she had no idea what terrible fate would await him. 
Thus, in comparison to this, she didn’t care whether they could identify the real murderer who had framed him at this moment. 
As soon as he stepped out of the car, the magnificent evening sun beamed down on him, encasing him in a layer of gold. He was still wearing the gray solid knitted round neck casual sweater she had picked out for him that morning. Sebastian turned and walked toward her, his face stone cold under the afterglow of dusk. 
She was perplexed when she saw him. 
She hadn’t seen him with such an expression in a long time. 
It reminded her of the time when he was in Avenport. 
“What’s wrong?” He finally came to a halt right in front of her.
He fought the urge to throw his arm over her head, pull her in, and give her a head a rub when he noticed her staring at him blankly like a fool. 
Rather than doing so, he questioned her indifferently. 
Sasha was taken aback for a time before snapping back to her senses. 
“I-It’s nothing. I just want to know if you were hungry or not. I’ve made lots of delicious food for you. Would you like to eat now?” she asked as if she was coaxing a child. 
Sebastian looked at her for a moment before finally nodding. “Yes…” 
“Okay, then I’ll get them ready for you right away!” 
Her eyes started brimming with tears when she heard his response, and despite how soft his reply was, she was grateful. She quickly turned around and ran back in with a spring in her step. 
Sebastian gritted his teeth. 
“Sebastian, you’re back? What happened to Old Mr. Jadeson and the rest? Why didn’t they come back with you?” Janice, who had heard the noise, came out as well. 
She couldn’t help but open her mouth and blurt out the first thing that sprang to mind as soon as she saw him. 
Sebastian’s expression returned to that of indifference. “Grandpa is currently in the hospital. Please send two people over to look after him.” 
“What?” Janice’s expression changed drastically. 
Old Mr. Jadeson has been hospitalized? Oh God, what happened? Why is he being admitted to the hospital?
Janice was stunned and her heart ached over what happened. She wanted to ask him the details, but before she could, Sebastian brushed by her and strode back in, never turning to look at her. 
Janice was speechless. 
Forget it, I should just hurry and settle Old Mr. Jadeson’s matters. 
With that thought in mind, she swiftly went back inside as well. 
Ten minutes later, Sasha returned with the cooked food she had warmed up to the dining room, where Sebastian had already sat. 
“Darling?” Seeing how obedient Sebastian was being, Sasha felt a little uneasy. 
Sebastian raised his head. He had just washed his face, and the beads of water droplets hanging on his brows made him look distant and cold. 
Sasha suddenly didn’t dare to look at him in the eyes after that. 
She lowered her gaze and held out a plate of sweet crepes. “Look, it’s sweet crepes that I specifically ordered from your cafeteria. Do you remember?” She was worried that he was still ill, so she asked carefully. 
Sebastian frowned. 
She appeared to be constantly treating him with this cautious demeanor, tinged with humility and hopeful longing at the moment. 
If he recalled correctly, she was not always like this. More often than not, she was forthright and did whatever she pleased. Not to mention she could also be incredibly stubborn and unreasonable at times. 
So, what’s the deal with her now?
Sebastian slowly clenched his hands into fists. 
“Darling, i-is the food not to your liking? If you don’t like it, I’ll make something else for you.” 
Sasha grew anxious once again when she noticed he wasn’t replying to her. Just as she reached out her hand to replace the plate of sweet crepes with something else, Sebastian abruptly picked up the fork next to him. 
“It’s all right. Have you eaten yet?” 
“What?” Sasha was stunned. 
Did he just ask whether I’ve eaten or not? 
She covered her mouth as blood rushed to her head; she was so ecstatic that she began to tremble slightly. 
It had been a long time since she had seen him express such concern for her. 
Sasha nearly broke down in tears. 
“N-No, I haven’t.” She snapped back to her senses and exhaled softly. 
However, she nearly passed out the next moment when Sebastian calmly asked her, “Given how late it is, why haven’t you eaten? Go grab yourself a plate and let’s eat together.” 
He gazed at her with a disappointed expression on his face, and he spoke with an unmistakable accusatory tone. 
Sasha was thunderstruck.
She couldn’t believe she was hearing the words she had fantasized about so many times before. For over two years, she had longed to hear him say this to her. 
Now that it finally happened, however, she couldn’t bring herself to believe it. 
“Are you not going to eat?” 
“N-No, I mean yes, I’ll eat. I’ll be right back!” With that, she dashed back to the kitchen to get a plate. 
Seeing how clumsy she was acting, Sebastian thought to himself, This foolish girl finally came to her senses, huh? Sigh, what should I do with you if you continue to behave like this? 
###Chapter 939
Chapter 939
That night, Sebastian went to the hospital too after dinner. 
Sasha wanted to go as well. But she had to stay at Oceanic Estate to look after the three kids. 
“Mommy, is Great-grandpa okay? Is his condition serious?” 
“Mommy, are we going to visit him tomorrow?” 
“Yes.” 
The three kids heard about the news right after they returned from school, and asked their questions in concern. 
In truth, they had never liked Jonathan ever since they got sent back here. They may seem to please him on the outside, but they treated him as an enemy in their hearts. 
Hmph! Serves him right! He’s the one who bullies Daddy and Mommy, after all. And he’s the one who did wrong! 
Despite so, when they heard that he got hospitalized, they could not help but worry. 
Sasha immediately comforted them. “It’s all right. Daddy is taking care of him at the hospital now. If you want to visit him, I’ll take you guys there tomorrow.” 
“Okay!” 
Upon hearing that, the three children agreed simultaneously.
After that, Sasha brought them to eat dinner, and accompanied them to complete their school works thereafter. Finally, she let the housemaids tuck them into bed. 
As Sasha was finally able to take a break, she took out her phone and noticed a message from Sabrina. Sabrina: Sasha, what exactly happened in the White House today? Why is there such a mess in Red Pavilion? And what about Devin? Where has he gone? 
Haven’t Devin show up yet? Sasha thought to herself. 
Furrowing her brows, she texted back: I have no idea. Sebastian did not mention it last night either. Jonathan got hospitalized suddenly, so he rushed to the hospital right after dinner. I didn’t have the chance to ask him. 
After a long while, Sabrina replied with a sad emoticon. 
She then said that she had an ominous feeling that something bad had happened to Devin’s family. 
Something bad? What would that be? Wasn’t he involved in harming Sebastian? But would Jonathan go after his own son over this? That seems unlikely. When Shin winded up dead without any apparent reason, Jonathan did not even bother to get to the end of it, and only made sure his own family go unpunished. Even until now, he’s just participating in the persecution. 
Sasha felt that Sabrina was worrying too much. 
She texted again to comfort Sabrina: Don’t overthink it. That old man won’t do anything to them. 
However, the latter fell silent after that. As such, Sasha went on to look after the kids. 
The following day, the kids woke up early, getting all ready to visit Jonathan. 
Sasha had also gotten changed by then. But just when they were about to depart, Janice came in abruptly with a dark expression on her face.
“Sasha, something bad happened. Stephen committed suicide last night!” 
“What did you say?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in shock at her words. 
Suicide? How could that be possible? Why would he take his own life over such a small matter? Even Jonathan had no intention to take his life, so why would he choose to end it instead? 
Sasha could not believe what she heard. 
“Where did you get that news? You’d better not be spouting nonsense.” 
“Why would I do so? I was in the hospital last night, and I witnessed the whole incident,” Janice explained anxiously as her body trembled incessantly. 
Upon hearing that, a dark expression loomed over Sasha’s face. 
“What exactly happened? Why would Stephen commit suicide? What went on in the White House yesterday? Did Jonathan decide to pursue the matter?” 
“Pursue the matter? Sasha, didn’t you know? Shin’s death had something to do with Stephen!” 
There were traces of anger in both Janice’s expression and her tone. 
Sasha was rendered speechless upon hearing that. 
So, Shin’s death was related to him as well? 
She could not suppress the rage and resentment that surged within her heart. At that moment, she no longer showed any sympathy toward Stephen’s death.
On the contrary, she was relieved by the news. 
In fact, I would even say that suicide is a punishment too lenient for him! After all, to harm his own brother and nephew… how vicious must he be to do that? 
Sasha tried hard to recollect herself. 
After that, she brought the kids to the hospital along with Janice. 
Janice heard about Stephen’s news from Mark at the hospital last night. And she rushed over to inform Sasha with only one intention in mind. 
That was to keep their guard up against Jasmine. 
Unfortunately, it was already too late by the time they arrived at the hospital. 
After learning about her husband’s death, Jasmine came to the hospital with the whole family of Woodses following behind her. 
“Sebastian, you son of a b*tch! Show yourself!” 
She was screaming her head off like a madwoman the moment she walked through the hospital entrance. 
###Chapter 940
Chapter 940
It was truly embarrassing for a lady from the Jadesons to cause such a scene in public. 
In the meantime, Sebastian was at the morgue. 
After he heard about the ongoing chaos outside, he cast a glance at the man who was sitting decadently in front of the corpse. 
“Devin, your mom’s here.” 
However, there was no response from Devin. 
Devin had been sitting in the same position for hours, looking as if he had detached himself from everything happening around him. He kept staring at the corpse in front of him, with his face devoid of expression. 
Sebastian was speechless as he furrowed his brows. 
In the end, he turned to exit the place, planning to settle the matter himself. 
“So, are all our debts cleared now?” 
Just then, a coarse voice echoed from the morgue. Sebastian, who had reached the door, froze on the spot. 
Did Devin say that? 
Sebastian shifted his gaze back to Devin, feeling slightly displeased.
“Devin, you’re not thinking straight right now. You should get some rest.” 
“No, I’m more conscious than ever.” Devin finally lifted his head as he cast his bloodshot eyes at Sebastian. 
“You never intend to spare his life all this while, did you? After all, your Dad died in his hands, and your Mom’s death was also indirectly related to me. So all I want to know now is with his death, do we still owe your family?” 
His voice trembled as he spoke, and his eyes began to water. 
Sebastian’s heart skipped a beat as alarm bells started ringing in his head. 
“I never said that you owed me anything. What your Dad did has nothing to do with you.” He finally made a clear stand on the matter. 
It’s true that I did want to take my revenge. But Devin had never been on my list. 
Finally getting an answer, Devin lowered his head and let out a smile as his eyes brimmed with tears. 
So that means the debt’s clear now. That’s good to know. 
The next moment, he finally stood up. He started pushing out the corpse from the morgue, right in front of Sebastian. 
“Devin, what are you doing?” 
“Nothing. I want to take him to see Mom. I know she won’t leave until she sees him,” Devin responded faintly. 
Sebastian clenched his fist upon hearing that.
He was somehow startled by Devin’s gesture. He could not believe the latter could still be so considerate after experiencing such a blow in his life. 
Nevertheless, he knew there was nothing he could do to stop Devin. 
Ever since they knew each other, Devin had always treated him like his own brother. 
In the end, Sebastian chose to stand out of Devin’s way, watching him leave with the corpse. 
Around ten minutes later, Jasmine dashed in with the Woodses. She froze on the spot upon seeing Devin pushing the corpse. 
Everyone else was also dumbfounded by the sight. 
“Devin…” 
“Mom, stop kicking up a fuss. Let’s bring Dad back home.” 
Devin seemed to have used up all his strength as he persuaded Jasmine with an exhausted look. 
Yet, no one understood the real meaning behind his words. Stop kicking up a fuss. Let’s go home and stay away from this family. We’ve paid all our debt. Let’s live a peaceful life from now on. 
That was the actual thought in Devin’s mind while he said that. 
Nonetheless, Jasmine got filled with utter disappointment and rage upon hearing his words. 
“What did you say? I dare you to repeat it again!” 
“Mom!”
“Devin, do you know why your dad did what he did back then? Your dad was the one who got abandoned by the Jadesons. When the enemies reached the country during wartime, your grandpa took your uncle first and escaped. He always left all the best things for your uncle. Your dad was not the bad guy.” 
Jasmine bawled her eyes out as she stared at Devin. It was the first time Devin saw his mother so desperate and heartbroken. 
He was speechless as he had never heard about those things. 
However, deep down in his heart, he had always known that he was not the favored one as well. 
As a matter of fact, he could not even get half of the love shown for his nephews and niece. 
With that, Devin slowly clenched his hands into fists. 
“When your uncle sent the letter, your dad was delighted. But when he enthusiastically brought the letter to your Grandpa to plead for his brother, your Grandpa said he had already forgiven the latter. He said as long as Shin brought that woman home and apologized, he would still welcome Shin home.” 
By that point, Jasmine was laughing as she talked. 
She was devastated in her heart, but she felt that the whole situation was so preposterous that she could not stop herself from laughing. 
That’s the reality of this world. They’re both from the same parents, but why were they getting treated so differently? No one would be able to stand in Stephen’s shoes. Thus, in the end, he chose the extreme path. 
At that moment, Devin was dumbstruck. 
He never expected his cowardly father to have such a secret.
###Chapter 941
Chapter 941
“But… that doesn’t mean he has to harm uncle. They’re brothers, after all. He could have voiced out about the mistreatment he had to endure. Why did he choose to do such a vicious act?” 
After recollecting himself, Devin eventually pinned all the blame on his father for what happened. 
Jasmine was beyond exasperated upon hearing that. 
Sebastian, who had heard everything standing behind, also felt a blow to his heart. 
This is where Devin’s different from his parents. Even though he might lack responsibility and capability, his views are often righteous. And he always looks at the whole picture before judging. 
“What did you say? How could you say that your dad was vicious? What an unfilial son you are! If he didn’t do what he did, you wouldn’t even have a place in the Jadesons right now!” 
Jasmine burst into devastation as she accused her son loudly. 
A grim look crossed Devin’s face. 
No longer wanting to argue with her, he continued pushing his father’s corpse and moved forward. 
Jasmine lost her mind upon seeing that, and she climbed onto the railing beside her. 
“Jasmine, what are you doing?” 
“That’s right. Mrs. Jadeson, what are you doing? Please come down now!” 
The Woodses behind her and the watching crowd got startled by her act.
Devin immediately turned around when he heard the commotion. 
“Mom, are you out of your mind? What are you trying to pull here?” 
“Out of my mind?” 
Jasmine, who had gotten onto the railing, let out a smile. Staring at Devin, she let go of the railing and stood up unsteadily. 
Devin was in utter shock upon seeing that. 
Sebastian, who was nearby, was also bereft of speech. 
By then, Sasha and Janice had arrived with the kids on the ground floor. Their hearts skipped a beat upon witnessing what was happening upstairs. 
This woman is definitely crazy! 
“I’m not crazy, son. I’m just thinking. Since you’ve abandoned your dad, let me accompany him then. After I’m gone, please take care of yourself.” 
Overwhelmed with fright, Devin did not know how to react. 
Gaining back his senses, he immediately rushed toward his mother. 
But before he could reach her, she jumped off the railing. Sebastian also failed to catch her in time. 
“Mom!” 
A miserable wail of agony cut through the air, echoing throughout the hospital’s corridor. 
In that instance, pin drop silence filled the space.
Everyone froze on the spot as they gazed down upon the woman who was now an unidentifiable mess of gore and flesh downstairs. 
Sebastian could not believe what was happening. 
As for Sasha, who was downstairs, she was in utter astonishment. 
Did she actually jump? Why? She’d been creating a fuss in Oceanic Estate from yesterday until now. I know that she did all that to save Stephen, but even if Stephen was dead, she still got Devin, no? She didn’t need to pull such a desperate act. 
Sasha stared numbly at the scene, unable to comprehend why Jasmine jumped. 
Right then, she sensed someone appearing beside her. Staring at the gruesome scene, she trembled incessantly as she lifted her head. 
“Sab?” 
“Why? Why didn’t you guys stop her?” 
The color drained from Sabrina’s face as she look at the man upstairs. 
Sasha opened her mouth and wanted to explain to her. No one was able to react in time when Jasmine lashed out. 
But the words got stuck in her throat as she followed Sabrina’s gaze and looked toward Devin. 
She could barely recognize him. 
There was no trace of life on his face as he stared down at his mother’s body, unmoving. 
His eyes were filled with utter coldness and a trace of hostility.
Sasha had never seen Devin like that. 
In the end, Devin collapsed to the ground. 
He had been up for the entire night due to his father’s suicide. And now, he had to witness his mother’s death in such a brutal manner. No one would be able to endure that mentally. 
Sebastian immediately arranged to send Devin into a ward. 
As for Jasmine… 
“Sebastian, please leave it to me. Old Mr. Jadeson has woken up. You should go inform him about this.” 
Sasha came over and took the initiative to handle the matter. 
Sebastian was in the worst mood at that moment. 
He hesitated for a while and eventually agreed. 
“Just give me a call if you can’t handle it.” He did not forget to remind Sasha before leaving. 
Sasha was still nauseous as she witnessed Jasmine’s suicide from a close range. Even as a doctor, it was a massive blow to her. 
However, upon hearing Sebastian’s words, she felt a slight sense of warmth spreading through her heart. 
###Chapter 942
Chapter 942
“Okay, I will. By the way, Sebastian, don’t burden yourself too much. This has nothing to do with you. I’m sure Devin understands it and won’t blame it on you.” 
Sasha tried to comfort him as well. 
Of course, she did not mention the expression she saw on Devin’s face before the latter fainted. 
Sebastian nodded lightly upon hearing her words. 
With that, he went to Jonathan’s ward, while Sasha and Janice went to handle Stephen and his wife’s funeral. 
As for Sabrina, she came to Devin’s ward. 
For her, it was a good thing that the Hayeses were finally able to avenge all their grudges at the White House. They had been waiting for this moment for ages, after all. 
Yet, as she stared at the unconscious man in bed, her heart sank. 
“What did your mom tell you before she died?” 
She cast a question toward the pale-looking man. 
No one could hear Jasmine’s last words, for they were too far from her at that time. 
Plus, Jasmine deliberately lowered her voice back then, as though she only wanted Devin to hear it.
So, what exactly did she say? Why did he show such a hostile look after she died? I’ve never seen him like this. 
A vague uneasiness slowly crept up on Sabrina. 
Just then, the door opened, and a familiar woman barged in abruptly with a group of people. 
“Kira? Who let you in here?” 
Sabrina stood up instantly, her face darkening as she looked at the woman. 
Kira was not intimidated at all as she turned a blind eye toward Sabrina. 
“Sabrina, what are you talking about? These are my parents, along with Devin’s uncle and aunt. Devin’s parents are both dead now. What do you think we come here for?” 
To Sabrina’s slight bewilderment, Kira threw her question back with a domineering gesture. 
Uncle? Aunt? 
Sabrina’s confidence somehow faded upon hearing that. 
She’s right. They’re Devin’s relatives while I’m just an outsider to him. 
“No matter what you want, Sebastian was the one who made the arrangement. You have no right to move him.” She had no choice but to use her brother’s name. 
“Sebastian?” 
Kira scoffed upon hearing that. 
“Sabrina, did you forget why Aunt Jasmine and Uncle Stephen died in the first place? It was all because of Sebastian.”
Sabrina was rendered speechless by that. 
“By the way, there’s a reason why I brought my parents here. Aunt Jasmine had instructed us before she came here. She said if anything happened to her, the Woodses must come here and take her son away!” 
As Kira spoke, she took out her phone and played a voice recording. 
Sabrina’s face fell. 
I didn’t expect her to play this card. 
In the end, Sabrina had no choice but to let them leave with Devin. 
It was already two hours later when news of Devin being taken away reached Sebastian’s ears. 
Jonathan was there as well. 
“Why didn’t you call me right away?” Sebastian’s first reaction was to blame Sabrina. 
At that moment, Jonathan, who seemed to have aged a lot, made a gesture toward Sebastian, signaling to him not to blame Sabrina. 
“Maybe it’s better for him to stay at the Woods Residence. Red Pavilion is a mess now. If he goes back, he might just get more upset,” Jonathan uttered in a composed manner. 
Nevertheless, regardless of how calm he tried to act, his pale and haggard face revealed how devastated his heart was. 
An old man like him should be enjoying his peaceful retiring life by now. 
Yet, he just found out that his younger son was harmed by his elder son. And in such a short time, he lost both his elder son and daughter-in-law.
It was indeed a miracle that he could still talk consciously after such a blow. 
“I got it. Please rest well.” 
Sebastian was still behaving indifferently, but he finally said something caring. 
Jonathan lifted his head, his eyes dimmed with sorrow. “How’s it going at the White House? I heard from Mark that Franklin had admitted that he was the mastermind. Is that right?” 
“Yes, he and Alfred have been arrested. Next, they’re going to be prosecuted by Congress. If everything goes smoothly, they will get locked up for the rest of their life.” 
“That’s great!” 
Finally, Jonathan’s eyes lit up with slight hope. 
The enemy he had been chasing after all these years was finally brought to justice. 
With that, his emotion instantly improved by a lot. 
But the next moment, his gaze turned stern as something crossed his mind. 
“I heard from Mark that you hacked into the White House’s internal surveillance system in the midst of bringing Franklin and Alfred down. How did you manage to do that? Could it be that you’ve recovered already?” 
###Chapter 943
Chapter 943
Sebastian furrowed his brows as he did not expect Jonathan to ask that. 
For a moment, he wanted to ignore the latter and walked right out. 
Eventually, however, as he stared at Jonathan’s eyes that were filled with expectation, Sebastian chose to give in. 
“Is it so important whether I’ve recovered?” 
“Of course!” 
“Why?” 
“Because I want to know if the price we’ve been paying all this while is worth it.” 
Sebastian found it hard to believe Jonathan’s reasoning. 
Is it worth it? How do we define the worth of everything that happened? If he thinks that it is worthy to sacrifice so many lives for me to recover and for him to feel less guilty, then congratulations. His wish came true. But has he ever thought that all of this happened because of him in the first place? 
Nevertheless, Sebastian nodded faintly in the end. “It’s just as you wished.” 
Upon hearing that, Jonathan got overwhelmed with utter excitement. 
Tears started welling up in those pair of aged eyes. 
“That’s good then, that’s good…” He could not suppress his emotions.
Sebastian ignored Jonathan as he took a glimpse at his watch. He planned to pay a visit to the funeral house. 
“Don’t worry about what happened to your uncle. Even if he didn’t end his life, I would have sent him to the military court. Your dad…” 
Jonathan choked on his words. 
Hearing that, Sebastian paused in his tracks. 
Is he finally mentioning Dad? 
He froze on the spot but did not turn his head, implying that he wanted to hear more about his father’s past. 
Staring at Sebastian’s back, Jonathan bit his lip and continued, “I admit I was too overbearing back then. After I withdrew from the border, even though I held an important position, many people in the White House looked down upon me. They thought I was nothing but A brusque man, and they used to go against my family. Because of that, I wanted to train your dad.” 
Jonathan’s eyes trembled slightly as though he could see his talented son in front of him. 
Only Jonathan knew how much expectation he put on Shin. 
Ever since Shin was a kid, Jonathan had been pouring his sweat and blood to give the former the best of everything. 
He hoped that Shin could revitalize the Jadesons. And he also hoped that after Shin become the head of the family, he could conquer the entire White House. Jonathan wanted to prove to the world that his family was above everyone else. 
Yet, Shin, who bore great expectance, eventually fell for a woman.
“When I first heard of your mom, I was outraged. I didn’t expect the heir that I’ve been cultivating would get destroyed by a woman. Thus, I forced your dad to leave her. But your dad was unwilling to give in. He stole the household register from the house and married your mom secretly. I was so pissed that I could not sleep for days.” 
Jonathan still got a little emotional as he talked about the past. 
His anger was indeed reasonable. Anyone would get enraged if something they had been cultivating diligently for years got stolen by another party. 
Nonetheless, blood ran thicker than water. In the end, he chose to accept Shin’s decision. 
It was just like what Jasmine told Devin before she ended her life. She said that Stephen took Shin’s letter and was prepared to plead with Jonathan for forgiveness. 
But Jonathan said that he had long forgiven Shin. 
Forgiveness was meant to be a good thing. 
But little did Jonathan know that the moment he forgave a son who did wrong, at the same time, he would lose a son who had been obeying him throughout his whole life. 
Sebastian tried hard to listen till the end. 
But still, he was unable to keep his calm as he mocked, “The biggest mistake that you’ve made was not your domineering harshness, but that you failed in your method of education!” 
At that instance, Jonathan’s pale face turned even more solemn. 
No one had ever dared to say that to me.
Yet, Sebastian showed no intention to back down at all as he continued to accuse Jonathan, “Do you think you can revitalize the Jadesons by using your brutal army style? You have a habit of categorizing all your family members into levels, including your sons. You only treat those who you’ve deemed worthy well, while you ignore those who you’ve deemed useless. Do you think they are pawns in your army? Or do you see them only as weapons without souls?” 
###Chapter 944
Chapter 944
“You…” 
Jonathan’s face flushed red from agitation upon hearing Sebastian’s words. 
However, he could not refute what Sebastian said. Indeed, all these years, he had been implementing his ways of training the army on his family. 
And it was obvious that Stephen belonged in the category where he was deemed to be useless. 
“Jonathan, family members should be the most important people to you. If you act so biased, do you expect them to be obedient? After all, everyone has sinful natures within them. You should feel lucky that they went after my dad back then and not you!” 
Sebastian’s words pierced through Jonathan’s heart mercilessly, leaving the latter utterly speechless. 
He stared at his grandson with a bewildered look, as though he just got slapped right in his face. 
At the age of eighty, it was his first time getting accused like this. 
Yet, he failed to find a word to rebuke those accusations. That kind of feeling was worse than any physical torture possible. 
Beep, beep, beep. 
Out of the blue, the ECG monitor sounded an alarm. 
Sebastian raised a brow as he cut a stare at Jonathan, who was boiling with rage.
With that, he opened the door. “Nurse, please call for Dr. Wallen.” 
After Grayson arrived at the ward anxiously, Sebastian walked out and left. 
Grayson was rendered speechless by Sebastian’s action. 
D*mn! Are the two of them still in a conflict? I thought they had sorted it out. 
Meanwhile, inside the funeral house, Sasha had incinerated Stephen and Jasmine’s bodies. 
Janice came out with a jar of ashes in her hands. “Sasha, are we taking these back to Red Pavilion? But there’s no one at home right now. And Devin’s still in the hospital.” 
“Let’s take them back. It’s fine. I’ll be there.” 
Sasha made the decision after staring at the two jars of ashes. 
With that, they carried them carefully in their hands, getting ready to head to Red Pavilion. 
“Look. They’re over there. Hurry! Go get Aunt Jasmine’s ashes!” 
To their astonishment, a young lady along with a group of people charged toward them just as they were about to leave the funeral house. 
Sasha’s face fell. 
The young lady was none other than Shanae, who she had encountered a few times before. 
Did she come here for the ashes? 
Holding onto the jar tightly, Sasha tugged at Janice and they took a few steps back. 
“Janice, I need you to take these jars inside and call for help. I’ll block them from entering.”
“But…” 
Janice was reluctant to leave Sasha alone. 
Before she could say anything, however, Sasha had given her the other jar and pushed her back inside. 
At that moment, Shanae and her men had reached the door. 
“Sasha, you’d better hand over the ashes right now. Or else, don’t blame me for hurting you,” Shanae threatened upon seeing Sasha blocking the way. 
Isn’t she the daughter of some prim and proper family? And hasn’t she been acting innocent all this while? How could someone like her show such a ferocious look? 
Sasha sneered coldly, without any intention to let them through. 
“Why should I give it to you? Jasmine was one of the Jadesons. Even if she is dead, the funeral will be held at the Jadeson residence. What does it have anything to do with the Woodses?” 
She showed no trace of fear, the attitude she displayed was that of the lady of the Jadeson family. 
Shanae’s face darkened upon hearing her words. 
Do you actually think that you’re the lady of the Jadesons? I should have been the one in this position! 
“Bullsh*t!” 
She scolded, “My aunt is dead because of you guys. How dare you say that she belongs to the Jadesons? You bunch of b*stards. You caused my uncle’s death, and now my aunt’s. What makes you think you have the right to keep her ashes?” 
With that, she beckoned the men behind her, and they charged toward Sasha.
Sasha shouted upon seeing that. “Whoever dares to take another step forward, the Jadesons will never let you off!” 
She used the Jadesons to try and intimidate them. 
But to her bewilderment, those people who were used to be afraid of the Jadesons, seemed indifferent about it that day. 
Not only did they not back up upon hearing Sasha’s words, but their murderous aura seemed to have amped up. 
Seeing this, Sasha failed to react in time. 
Thump! 
She felt a sudden pain at the back of her head as something hard hit her. In the blink of an eye, she failed to hold the big group of people back. 
“Sasha!” 
Inside the funeral house, Janice let out a desperate shriek upon seeing what happened through the window. 
As Shanae’s men were banging on the door, a green army-colored SUV came into view behind. 
###Chapter 945
Chapter 945
“You must have a death wish!” 
The SUV stopped not far from the group as a tall figure emerged from it swiftly. 
Emitting a murderous aura, he got behind Shanae’s men without making a sound. 
Without any hesitation, he grabbed the neck of one of the men. 
“Ahh!” 
An ear-piercing scream filled the air. 
One of Shanae’s men was flung back before he could even recognize who grabbed him. Landing heavily on the floor, he could not get up for a long while. 
That was scary! Who the hell is this? 
Seeing this, the rest of Shanae’s men, who were banging at the door, stopped and shifted their gazes behind them. 
Right at that moment, the tall man cast a forceful kick toward them. 
Crunch! 
His kick connected to one of the men’s back and a bone-cracking sound rang out. 
The impact was so powerful that as the one who got kicked flew backward, the rest got blown away as well.
Screams could be heard as a number of them collapsed to the ground. 
“Ahh!” 
Sasha, who got beaten to the ground, got pulled up by the man almost simultaneously. He then hugged her tightly. 
“D-Darling…” 
Still holding her head with her hands, Sasha was left in astonishment as she recognized Sebastian’s face. 
Right then, his expression was thunderous. Especially when he noticed the wound on Sasha’s forehead, his gaze turned even more murderous. 
“I’m telling you right now that none of you can get out of here alive!” 
He glared at them, his eyes blazing with fury, as though he was a hungry beast that just got released from its cage. 
The remaining Woodses thought he was about to make a move again, and they all trembled incessantly and began withdrawing slowly. 
They were aware that the man before them had gone through professional training before. 
There’s no way we, as ordinary people, could defeat him. 
They, including Shanae, grew wary of him. 
However, Sebastian made no more move against them. Nonetheless, what happened next plunged them into desperation as two other jeeps appeared in their sights.
After the jeeps rolled to a stop, a dozen bodyguards came out from it. 
“Mr. Sebastian!” 
“Arrest all of them and send them to the cops. Sue them for public disturbance and smuggling of human ashes.” 
“Yes, Mr. Sebastian!” 
In the blink of an eye, the Woodses were surrounded by a dozen of bodyguards. Before they could react, they were all rounded up and sent into the jeeps. 
We’ll admit to causing a public disturbance. But we didn’t smuggle human ashes. That’s a capital offense! 
All the Woodses were dumbfounded as they sat in the jeeps. 
Shanae, who was still outside the jeep, stared fearfully at Sebastian. 
She paled in fright as she did not expect the most powerful man of the Jadesons to show up here. At that moment, she regretted all her arrogance and recklessness. 
“I… I didn’t smuggle human ashes. I’m only here for my aunt’s ashes. 
She was stuttering, trying to explain. 
Sebastian did not even bother to listen to her as he shifted his gaze toward Sasha. The next moment, he turned his attention toward the stilettos that Sasha was wearing. 
“Do you want to smash with it?” 
“Huh?”
Sasha was stunned momentarily. 
Does he mean smashing that woman with my high heels? 
She hesitated for a while and eventually opened her mouth. “Forget it… Why must we stoop to her level?” 
“That’s true.” 
To her surprise, Sebastian agreed with her right away. 
“I’ll just let them do it.” 
“What?” 
Right then, she heard a woman’s shriek echoing. Turning around, she noticed one of the bodyguards whipping Shanae’s face with a long stick. 
Slap! 
Just like that, the most beautiful woman in Jadeborough was disfigured. 
Oh my God! 
Sasha’s heart fell with a thud. 
The bodyguards were not from the military but Jonathan’s army in Oceanic Estate. With that, they possessed all sorts of weapons. 
Moreover, they were not bound by the law as well.
Yet, just because Shanae hurt Sasha, Sebastian ordered the bodyguard to whip at Shanae’s face, disfiguring her. 
Sasha’s heart was pounding frantically as she locked her gaze upon Sebastian’s handsome face. 
Isn’t he treating me a little too good? 
Sebastian treated Sasha so nicely that she even suspected that he had returned to his old self. 
###Chapter 946
Chapter 946
In the end, Shanae fled in tears, covering her face with her hands. After confirming the situation was safe, Janice walked out slowly, still hugging onto those jars tightly. 
“Sasha, are you all right? Please, never pull something like this again, okay?” 
Her tone was filled with concern upon seeing the wound on Sasha’s forehead. 
Sasha shook her head, implying that she was fine. 
“Darling, why did you come here? Is everything all right at the hospital?” 
“Yes.” 
Sebastian nodded slightly as he beckoned two bodyguards to take over the jars of ashes. 
Janice was an elder in the family. Seeing that Jonathan was currently in the hospital, and Devin was not at Red Pavilion, she took the initiative to ask, “Sebastian, how do you plan to carry out the funeral?” 
“I’ll send the ashes to Red Pavilion and wait for Devin,” came Sebastian’s curt reply. 
In truth, he was actually quite worried about Devin. Like Sasha, he saw Devin’s expression after Jasmine killed herself. 
With that, Sebastian brought Sasha back to Oceanic Estate. 
In the evening, he grabbed his phone and contacted Sabrina. 
Sebastian: Are you in there?
After hesitating for a while, Sabrina texted back shyly: Yes… 
Sebastian texted again: What do you see? How is he? Is he awake? 
Sabrina replied: He’s awake, but he’s not talking. I can’t believe his uncle and aunt. He’s just got such a huge blow. Yet, they keep telling him that it was you guys who caused his parents’ death. 
Upon mentioning that, Sabrina sent a series of angry emoticons. 
Sebastian’s expression turned darker upon seeing that. 
This was what had been troubling him. 
“Darling, what are you doing? Are you still going to the hospital at night?” 
At that moment, Sasha entered the room. Seeing Sebastian staring at his phone despondently, she could not help but worry. 
Noticing Sasha approaching, Sebastian shut off his phone immediately. 
“Nothing. I’m not heading to the hospital tonight. I’m planning to go to Red Pavilion.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was momentarily stupefied. 
He’s going to the Red Pavilion? Does he want to guard the mourning hall for Devin? But Stephen’s his father’s killer, while the other was an accomplice. Is he willing to safeguard their ashes? 
Sasha was reluctant for him to do that. 
“Darling, how about I go there instead, and you go to the hospital? I’ll ask Janice to look after the kids. It’ll be fine.”
Her heart twitched in pain as she was worried about Sebastian. 
However, as soon as she finished her sentence, Sebastian reached out and cupped her face gently. “Were you afraid when those people attacked you today?” 
“A little…” 
Sasha was slightly startled as Sebastian suddenly changed the topic. 
Sebastian leaned toward her and left a gentle kiss on her forehead, somewhere near her wound. 
She was shaken by his action. 
Why would he do this suddenly? 
She widened her eyes as her heart almost leaped out of her mouth. At that instance, she felt overwhelmed by his masculine scent. 
He seems different these few days. Or was it because we slept together yesterday? 
“Please, just stay home and take care of the kids. I’ll handle everything. Okay?” 
After the long kiss, Sebastian let go of her and cast a gentle look at her. 
Sasha’s heart melted by his warm gesture. 
She did not even realize that Sebastian was able to persuade her. “Okay, Darling.” 
Even after Sebastian left and went to the kids’ room, she was still in a daze. 
Upon seeing that, Vivian asked, “What happened to Mommy? Why is she in a daze?”
Matteo weighed in. “Mommy always becomes like this whenever she meets Daddy. By the way, Ian, I suspect Daddy has returned to his previous form. What do you think?” 
“Agree!” 
Ian, who was playing his Transformers figurine, nodded casually. 
Vivian’s eyes widened when she heard what they said. 
Oh my God! How are they so clever? How could they tell that Daddy has returned to his previous from? I have no idea at all. 
That night, Sasha and the three children spent the night at the Oceanic Estate while Sebastian guarded at the Red Pavilion till morning. 
If he was being honest, he did not know what he was waiting for. 
Nonetheless, he knew he had to do it, or else he might lose something forever. 
As the first ray of sunlight pierced through the window, Janice, who was guarding there as well, suddenly spotted someone moving outside. 
“Devin? Are you finally back?” 
She ran outside and was delighted to see the man who appeared at the door at that early hour. 
###Chapter 947
Chapter 947
It was Devin. 
However, he was like a completely changed person. As a soldier, he was supposed to care a great deal about his image, yet, at that moment, he looked unkempt with his scraggly stubble and unruly hair. 
“Who’s in there?” 
“Sebastian. He’s been guarding here for the whole night.” 
Janice’s heart twitched in pain as she gazed at Devin’s downcast eyes. 
Devin did not respond to her words. 
For a moment, he wanted to turn and leave, unwilling to enter the house. 
Before he could, however, a tall figure emerged from inside the hall upon hearing his voice. 
“You’re here? Come in, then. We’ve been waiting for you to start everything.” 
As usual, Sebastian did not show much emotion as he cast a faint look at Devin. 
Devin did not respond to him. 
Eventually, he lifted his feet and stepped inside. 
The moment Devin entered the Red Pavilion, he noticed the entire interior of the villa was decorated in black.
Even all the colorful pictures on the wall were removed. 
Devin’s pupils constricted as he fell deep in thought. 
At that instance, deep agony spread through his heart, and he staggered. 
“Are you all right?” 
Sebastian immediately grabbed his arms. 
But the moment he touched him, Devin acted as if he was electrocuted and shook Sebastian’s hand off before striding into the mourning hall. 
Sebastian froze on the spot for a while. 
Janice’s expression changed too as she witnessed what happened. “Sebastian, is he…” 
“It’s fine. Please go inform the guests that the mourning hall will open at ten.” 
Sebastian returned to his normal self, giving his instruction in a composed manner. Then, he followed Devin and went inside as though nothing had happened. 
This was probably the first time someone rejected him. 
It had been over ten years since Devin rescued him back in Sumanthova. Till now, Devin had always cared for him unconditionally like a brother. 
Even though Sebastian might be unreasonable at times, Devin had never lost his patience with the former. 
What’s going to happen to us now? 
Sebastian entered the mourning hall and tried to find Devin.
He saw the latter sitting despondently in front of the two jars of ashes, trembling incessantly. 
“Try to hold yourself together. The guests should be here in a short while.” Sebastian walked over to Devin, patting the latter’s shoulder gently. 
In response, Devin said, “After we settle this, are you going to the White House?” 
“What?” 
Sebastian was stunned momentarily by Devin’s question. 
“The White House? Why would I go there?” 
“Didn’t you know about it? After Grandpa retired, his position in the White House was left vacant. Congress will soon vote for a new leader now that Alfred has failed. You’re the best representative from the Jadesons. So, you should be the most suitable nominee for this, right?” 
Sebastian’s face darkened instantly, for he did not expect to hear such a mocking statement from Devin in the mourning hall. 
Is he out of his mind? 
In an instant, all traces of warmth in Sebastian vanished as he took his hand off Devin. 
“Are you out of your mind? Why would I go to the White House? Do you think everyone takes that place seriously?” 
“Jonathan does!” 
“Then, go and find him. Why would you tell me about it?” 
“I’m congratulating you. Don’t you understand?”
Devin finally lifted his head. His face looked frighteningly pale under the white light, and his eyes were reddened from sorrow. Despite so, Sebastian could still sense a hint of hostility in his gaze. 
Sebastian was stunned. 
At that moment, disappointment flashed through his heart. Without even thinking, he swung his fist at Devin’s face, hitting him hard. 
“You’re completely unreasonable!” Sebastian roared. 
Crash! 
The next moment, a loud crashing sound echoed through the mourning hall. Devin was caught off guard and fell directly onto the altar. 
All the flowers, candles and offerings were swept to the floor. 
If it wasn’t for the fact that he reacted fast enough, the jars of ashes would have gotten swept off as well. 
###Chapter 948
Chapter 948
Devin’s eyes went bloodshot with rage. 
Janice, who had just arrived in the hall, was startled to see the two men engaged in a fierce fistfight. 
What the hell do they think they’re doing? They’re in a mourning hall, for God’s sake! 
They had been the best of brothers all these years. No one had ever expected that they would turn against each other one day. 
However, once the hatred and all the unsaid emotions between the two burst out, none of them was willing to show mercy for the other party. 
The clean and sacred mourning hall turned into a chaotic mess in the blink of an eye. 
Janice immediately ran to protect the most important things in the funeral—the two jars of ashes. 
“Hurry! Send someone in! They got into a fight!” 
She stumbled her way toward the door with the jars in hand. 
After the fight went on for around ten minutes, Sebastian landed himself in a disadvantageous position as expected. After all, he was just an ordinary man who only went through three months of training. 
There was no way he could match with Devin, who had been in the army for over ten years. 
Thump!
In the end, he got beaten down to the ground. He felt excruciating pain coming from the back of his head as his consciousness began to fade. 
Son of a b*tch! 
The color started draining from his face. 
Yet, Devin, who was overwhelmed with fury, had no intention to let him go. 
Seeing how Sebastian was lying unmoving on the floor, Devin strode over and pressed his knees down on the former’s chest. He then clenched Sebastian’s neck forcefully with both hands. 
“Urk…” 
Unable to even struggle, Sebastian let out a desperate grunt. 
Devin was screaming like a madman. “Am I wrong? Isn’t this what you want? You killed my parents to avenge yours. And now, you’re finally able to take back the position that once belonged to your Dad! Is what I said wrong?” 
Getting choked by Devin, Sebastian’s face had turned purple. 
He wanted to say something, but no sound could escape his mouth. He could only grab at Devin’s wrist weakly with his hands. 
“Devin, what are you doing? Are you trying to kill him?” 
At that critical moment, Janice returned to the mourning hall. 
Her heart fell with a thud upon seeing the scene. Without delay, she picked up a chair and smashed it against Devin’s back.
Bang! 
Feeling a sudden pain coming from his back, Devin instinctively loosened his grip. 
As he slowly regained his senses, he looked around and realized what he had done. In the next moment, he slumped down weakly onto the floor. 
“Sebastian! Sebastian, are you all right? How do you feel?” 
Janice ran nervously to Sebastian’s side. 
However, Sebastian had long since lost his consciousness. 
He lay on the floor without any reaction, and his body had turned icy cold. Janice panicked when she could not sense his breathing. 
Devin paled in fright upon seeing that. 
He immediately stood up and pushed Janice aside. He threw himself at Sebastian and held him tightly. 
Fortunately, Sebastian finally resumed breathing after a few seconds. 
Suddenly, he opened his eyes, gasping for air like a dying fish that was returned to the sea. 
Janice let out a sigh of relief. 
After seeing that, Devin finally felt the weight off his chest. He fell backward and sat on the floor, his face devoid of expression. 
He had never been so frightened in his life. 
Maybe that’s the feeling of escaping death, not only for Sebastian but also for myself.
With that, peace was finally restored to the mourning hall. For a long while, both men lay on the floor, dazed and unmoving. 
Janice walked out silently with tears brimming in her eyes. 
“Janice, did something happen in there? Is everything all right?” 
The moment she came out, a subordinate of hers had arrived at the door. 
Janice immediately shook her head. “It was nothing. Could you please go and buy some new flowers and fruits? And please arrange a few staff to clean up the place.” 
“Okay. I’ll get on it.” 
The subordinate nodded and went to make the necessary arrangements. 
Ten minutes later, Sebastian finally felt like he had regained his strength, and he sat up. 
In truth, he was not that weak in battle. But an experienced fighter like Devin knew that pressing a knee on the enemy’s chest would make the latter suffocate at a faster pace. 
###Chapter 949
Chapter 949
Like last time Sasha went to find him at the military base, the female instructor pressed Sebastian down using the same method. 
At the moment, Devin was staring at him. 
However, Sebastian did not even spare Devin a glance. 
Standing up, he dusted his clothes off and lifted his feet to leave. 
After such a huge conflict, he chose to ignore Devin. 
Seeing that, Devin simply remained silent. 
“Huh? Sebastian, are you going back? Are you okay?” Janice ran into Sebastian just when she was bringing in two pairs of new candles. 
Sebastian said faintly, “Yeah. I’m heading home for a shower.” 
What kind of reason is that? 
With that, Devin and Janice watched as Sebastian drove off into the horizon. The mourning hall was as silent as ever. 
Meanwhile, Sasha wanted to go to Red Pavilion that morning. 
She had been waiting the whole night, but Sebastian did not come back yet. If it were not for the three kids, she would have gone over there last night.
Just as she was getting ready to leave, she heard Sebastian coming home. 
“Darling, you’re finally back.” 
She walked over to welcome him, delighted by his presence. 
But when she tried to hug him, he avoided her with an indifferent expression. 
Sasha fell silent. 
“Yes. I’ll go upstairs and get changed. I’ll come down shortly for breakfast.” Sebastian walked past her swiftly and went upstairs. 
Sasha’s face turned pale in an instant. 
She had no idea what happened, but she could tell that Sebastian was deliberately avoiding her. 
Why is he behaving like this? What happened? Wasn’t everything fine when he went out last night? 
Sasha was at a loss, not knowing what to think. 
She walked into the kitchen and pondered for a long while. 
“Have you heard about it? Something happened at Red Pavilion today.” 
“What?” 
Right then, the housemaids in the garden outside started gossiping. 
“What happened? Aren’t they having a funeral there?” 
“I doubt they’d be able to have it. Mr. Devin did not show up, and Mr. Sebastian had been waiting the entire night. When Mr. Devin did finally arrive this morning, the two of them got into a fight in the
mourning hall.” 
The housemaid spoke in a perplexed tone as if she could not wrap her head around the news. 
Oh my God! How could they start a fight in such a sacred place? 
Olivia was doing some errands in the garden when she heard the gossips. She put down her work immediately and ran into the kitchen. “Madam, I heard that Mr. Sebastian and Mr. Devin got into a fight this morning.” 
“What?” Sasha, who was still deep in thought, was stunned. 
“Yes. They’re talking about it right now. One of the housemaids has a sister working at Red Pavilion. Madam, do you want to go there and check it out?” Olivia asked with concern as she had no idea that Sebastian had already returned. 
However, as soon as she finished her sentence, Sasha ran out of the kitchen and headed upstairs. 
So, he had a fight. 
Sasha made a beeline to the third floor. 
When she tried to open the door, she found that it was locked from the inside. She gazed through the window and spotted some worn clothes on the chair. 
Those clothes looked dirty and torn. 
All the color drained from Sasha’s face as she immediately ran downstairs to find the key to the room. Then, she came back to the third floor. 
Click.
The moment she entered the room, she could hear sounds of water-flowing coming from the bathroom. 
“Darling? Are you all right? Please open the door. Did you fall?” She panicked as she kept pounding on the bathroom door. 
It lasted for a whole minute before the door was finally opened from the inside. 
Sebastian walked out slowly, dripping wet. 
“What is it?” 
Sebastian furrowed his brows and asked casually. 
He showed no trace of anger for her intrusion without permission. 
At that instance, Sasha did not know how to react. 
She shifted her gaze toward his body that was only covered with a loosely-tied towel. Instantly, her face flushed red with embarrassment. 
Oh my God. I can’t handle this view. 
The next moment, she regained her senses and forced herself to look the other way. 
“I-It’s nothing… I heard from the housemaids that you got into a fight with Devin at Red Pavilion. Is that true? Are you hurt?” 
###Chapter 950
Chapter 950
“I didn’t. Don’t listen to all those nonsense.” With a displeased look, Sebastian denied firmly. 
Hearing that, Sasha didn’t dare to ask anymore. 
She knew his temper well and knew that she should stop talking whenever he was in a foul mood. Otherwise, it would only make him even angrier. 
Thus, she shut her mouth and cast a glance at him instead. 
To her surprise, she couldn’t find any wound on his muscular body. All she could see was the water droplets trailing down his skin, making her gulp involuntarily as her breath quickened and her heartbeat raced. 
“Do you want me to remove the towel for you to check it out?” 
“What?” 
In the next instant, the realization hit her hard. Instantly, her face reddened as she yelled, “Ah!” 
In a flash, she retracted her gaze and rushed out of the room with lightning speed. 
D*mn! How can he do that? How can he be so shameless and perverted? 
Sasha kept running as her mind ran wild. By the time she reached downstairs, her heart was still racing uncontrollably. 
How horrifying!
After that incident, she didn’t dare to go upstairs or face Sebastian anymore. Just as she planned to see her children, Janice called from Red Pavilion. 
“Sasha, there’s suddenly a group of people here to give their condolences. Are you free now? If you are, can you come over to give me a hand?” 
Since Sasha didn’t want to see Sebastian at the moment, she agreed without hesitation, “Okay.” 
She then instructed, “Olivia, please take care of the children once they’re up. Also, Sebastian had been up all night, so please prepare some food for him and tell him that he doesn’t have to come over to Red Pavilion.” 
Upon hearing that, Olivia smiled warmly and agreed, “All right, Mrs. Jadeson.” 
Only then did Sasha change into plain clothes, preparing to leave. 
The moment she stepped out of Oceanic Estate, she came face to face with Mark, who arrived in a car. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, where are you going?” 
“I’m going to Red Pavilion. Aunt Janice called me a moment ago, asking me to go over to help her,” Sasha explained. 
At that moment, Mark had gotten off his car. When he heard that, he nodded. 
“Indeed, you should go over. Since you’re the lady of the Jadesons now, you should be there to take charge of it. However, Old Mr. Jadeson wanted to go over as well. What should we do with that?” 
“What?” 
Sasha couldn’t help but feel surprised at the tricky situation.
Nevertheless, she recollected herself soon after. 
It’s reasonable. After all, this funeral is for Stephen and Jasmine, his son and daughter-in-law, so naturally, he should be there. 
“In that case, just let him go, then. Should I go over to pick him up?” 
“It’s better if you can. However, please be prepared. I’m afraid that there will be many guests today,” Mark reminded, but he spoke as if he was trying to imply something else. 
Apparently, the news of Stephen and Jasmine ending their lives on the same day had spread all over Jadeborough. 
Therefore, the funeral that day would never end peacefully. Everyone was most probably waiting to watch them make a fool out of themselves. Moreover, those who attended the funeral wouldn’t be there merely to give their condolences. 
In that case, being Jonathan’s daughter-in-law and a doctor, Sasha was undoubtedly the perfect candidate to accompany him to the funeral. 
Sasha frowned at that. 
Upon figuring out what Mark meant, she turned around and went back into the estate. A moment later, she reappeared in front of Mark with clean clothes for Jonathan in her hands. She also brought along Matteo, Vivian, and Ian this time. 
Out of curiosity, Mark asked, “Mrs. Jadeson, this…?” 
“Don’t worry. They have long wanted to meet their Great-grandpa. Since they are on holiday today, I’ll take the chance to bring them over to visit him,” she explained calmly
In actuality, there was another intention for her to bring them along. 
Mark didn’t probe further. Soon after, the mother and children got into the car. Before leaving, Sasha left a message for Sebastian, who was still taking his shower upstairs. 
After Mark started the car, Vivian, who got carried by Sasha into the car forcefully, finally asked in a soft voice, “Mommy, are we going to visit Great-grandpa? Is he better now?” 
At that moment, Sasha was struggling to braid Vivian’s messy hair. When she heard Vivian’s question, she nodded. 
“Matt, quick. Hand me your sister’s rubber band.” 
Silently, Matteo stretched out his hand to reveal Vivian’s cute, pink rubber band. 
Ian, on the other hand, rubbed his eyes sleepily. When he saw Sasha finally done with Vivian’s hair, he asked, “Mommy, did Daddy not return for the night?” 
Ian’s question made it obvious that he was indeed brought up by Sebastian, for even at such a moment, he still thought about his father. 
Sasha touched his head affectionately before explaining, “Daddy is back already. He’s at home right now. After we visit your Great-grandpa, we’ll come home immediately.” 
“Okay,” instantly, Ian agreed obediently and didn’t ask anymore. 
Half an hour later, they finally arrived at the General Hospital. 
Upon seeing the three children, Jonathan’s foul mood dissipated instantly. His mood got elevated even more when Vivian crawled onto his bed.
With her hands cupping her chubby face, she observed him for a while before saying adorably, “Great- grandpa, you look thinner. When you get back home, remember to eat more so that you can become a chubby old man, okay?” 
###Chapter 951
Chapter 951
A smile quickly replaced the frown on Jonathan’s face as soon as he heard Vivian’s words. 
“All right. Once I go back, I’ll eat a lot. Then, we’ll play together again!” 
“Okay!” 
Vivian was so happy at that. She then snuggled into Jonathan’s arms and started to read the fairytale she brought with keen interest. 
Sasha let out a heartfelt smile at the scene. 
Then, she said to Mark, “All right. Let’s find Dr. Wallen to get his permission to leave the hospital.” 
“Okay.” 
Mark took in the scene in surprise. After a while, he left to find Grayson. 
Ten minutes later, in the director’s office. 
As expected, Grayson widened his eyes in disbelief as he exclaimed, “He still plans to attend his son’s funeral in Red Pavilion? Is he out of his mind? With his condition, how can he withstand the devastation of losing his son and daughter-in-law and handle the people who come to cause trouble once he’s there?” 
He was so shocked that he didn’t even bother to be tactful with his words like what he previously did in front of Sasha and Mark. 
Mark knitted his brows.
“Dr. Wallen, since you’re aware that they are there to look for trouble, if Old Mr. Jadeson isn’t there, how can Mr. Devin deal with them alone? We can’t let him get humiliated and become the laughing stock of Jadeborough without doing anything.” 
Hearing that, Grayson could no longer say anything. 
A few minutes later, he handed Mark a bottle of medicine. “Remember to take good care of him. He’s already eighty years old, so he can’t withstand so many strong blows.” 
“I’ll keep that in mind. Thank you, Dr. Wallen.” 
Mark took the bottle gratefully and left. 
Indeed, Mark needed that bottle of medicine. After all, even he, as an adjutant, couldn’t be sure about what was waiting for them at Red Pavilion later. 
People had regarded the Jadesons as a thorn in their flesh due to the family’s power and fame for years. Now that they finally got to witness such a scandal, there was no way they could let the chance go at ease. 
When Mark returned to the ward, Sasha had instructed her sons to coax Jonathan into changing his clothes and finished preparing everything. Seeing Mark, she asked, “Have you gotten it?” 
Mark nodded. “Yes. He even gave me a bottle of medicine.” 
When Jonathan was engrossed in talking with the children, Mark quickly took the chance and showed her the medicine. 
Sasha looked at it and paused briefly. Moments later, she took it and put it into her bag. 
Is the funeral going to be worse than what I imagined?
At the thought of that, she put up her guard. 
Before long, they left the hospital and headed toward Red Pavilion. 
Unbeknownst to them, at the moment, Jocelyn and the others had gathered at The Ataraxy to discuss the funeral as well. 
“Dad, is it necessary for all of us to attend the funeral? After what Stephen and Jasmine did, they deserve to die. Everyone will only make fun of us there. If that’s the case, why should we go?” 
Being the most straightforward out of all, Jocelyn stated her unwillingness as soon as she saw the change of black clothes. 
Even though Shirley remained silent, it was apparent that she was also unwilling just by looking at her expression. 
Only Colton Jadeson, Jared’s youngest son who lived in Cameo House, said hesitantly, “I don’t think that’s appropriate. After all, we are a part of the Jadesons as well. Now that our brother and his wife left the world, it’s impolite for us to refuse to attend their funeral.” 
Yet, Jocelyn scoffed before retorting, “Who are you calling ‘brother?’ Your brothers are all here, and they’re long gone from this world.” 
At that, Colton’s face turned pale as he kept quiet. He didn’t dare to utter his opinion anymore. 
Meanwhile, Jared simply looked at the scene coldly. When he saw that everyone had finally stopped quarreling, he glanced at the woman who stood beside him and said, “If so, let’s just send someone over. Colton, I’ll entrust you with this task.” 
“What?”
Not expecting Jared to appoint him, Colton raised his head in shock and stuttered, “M-Me? But Dad, I can’t. I’d never been to such a big event before. I-I-” 
“You useless brat! I’m only asking you to attend a funeral. All you have to do is to show up there and leave once you sense that the situation is getting out of control,” Jared scolded. 
Hearing that, Colton could only purse his lips and swallow his words. 
If Jonathan knew how the other Jadesons tried to steer clear of the mess and avoid them at such a time, he would surely pass out in rage. 
At the same time, a silver-grey BMW had long parked outside the Ataraxy. Seeing Colton walk out with a timid look, someone in the car finally asked, “Ms. Jadeson, shouldn’t you stop him?” 
Stop him? 
Sitting gracefully at the back, a middle-aged woman smirked. “Why should I? Isn’t this the best timing to watch a show?” 
###Chapter 952
Chapter 952
The driver asked curiously, “Ms. Jadeson, what do you mean?” 
“Didn’t that old man make that b*tch the lady of the Jadesons? In that case, this is the perfect chance to test her capability. Now that two people died concurrently, she would be famous if she could deal with it successfully.” 
Candice played with the jade bracelet on her left wrist nonchalantly. An evil smile crept onto her face that resembled Charles’. 
When the driver saw Candice’s expression, she couldn’t help but feel chills run down her spine. 
How could this be a rare opportunity? It’s already embarrassing that two people died in Red Pavilion concurrently. Now that every Jadesons are worried about it, how could she make such a remark? The only explanation is that she plans to use this chance to bring Sasha down. 
But I guess that makes sense. Judging from the current situation, if The Ataraxy hopes to regain its previous glory and secures its footing, becoming the one who takes charge of the Jadesons is their best choice. 
With Stephen’s and Jasmine’s death, the bloodline of the direct descendant of the Jadesons also grows weaker. 
If they can take down Sasha, then Jonathan will have no choice but to choose the heir from another two bloodlines. When that moment comes, he will undoubtedly choose from The Ataraxy. 
Analyzing the situation in her head, the driver finally understood Candice’s words. After pondering for a while, she said, “But, Janice would definitely help Sasha if something happens.” 
“Janice Durant?” 
Candice scoffed coldly at that. “Why should I be concerned about her? Just because she is good at serving people and acting weak, that old b*stard called her over to Oceanic Estate. Do you think that she can handle a huge scene?” 
The driver was speechless at that. 
Candice then continued, “Just wait and see. I’m sure that the show today will be exciting!” 
With that said, she instructed the driver to drive off. 
Hmph! How dare they try to go against me? If Connor didn’t drag me down the last time, I would have long ended their lives! 
Just as they were about to reach Red Pavilion, Sasha’s phone rang abruptly. 
“Hello? Darling?” 
“Why are you going to Red Pavilion? Come home now!” 
Immediately after she picked up the call, an angry voice sounded from the other side of the line. 
She was taken aback for a moment before quickly coming to her senses. 
Immediately, she covered her phone and glanced at her children and Jonathan, who were sitting opposite her. Then, she whispered, “I can’t. It’s Old Mr. Jadeson’s wish to go to Red Pavilion.” 
Her words quickly sent Sebastian into boiling rage as he gritted his teeth.
Nonetheless, in the end, he didn’t chastise her. After taking in a deep breath, he calmed himself down and asked, “Where are you now? Have you reached Red Pavilion already?” 
Sasha looked out the window to check their whereabouts before replying, “Not yet. We are near the furniture store right now and will arrive there after passing through the bridge.” 
“Wait for me there. I’ll go over immediately.” 
With that, Sebastian hung up the phone before Sasha could utter another word. 
Is he for real? 
Sasha stared at her phone blankly for a long while, unable to comprehend the situation. As soon as she recollected herself, she looked to the front and said, “Um, M-Mark, Sebastian just gave me a call. He asked us to wait for him here and that he would be here soon.” 
“What?” As expected, Mark, who was driving, also put on a shocked look. 
On the contrary, Jonathan, who also heard that, looked delighted. “Then, let’s pull the car over to the roadside and wait for him.” 
Next, he pointed at the frontage road beside them. 
Only then did Mark drive the car to the side before stopping. 
In actuality, both Mark and Jonathan had given up on the hope of persuading Sebastian into attending the funeral. After all, they were well aware of the grudges between him and the deceased couple. 
Thus, they never expected him to agree to come at such a time.
When Jonathan saw the familiar green SUV, his eyes lit up. Even his complexion seemed healthier at that point. 
“Mommy, Daddy is here! Daddy is here!” 
“Daddy!” 
Instantly, all the three children cheered happily in the car. 
Sasha immediately got out of the car upon seeing Sebastian’s car. 
“Darling, M-Mark found me just now, saying that Old Mr. Jadeson wanted to go to Red Pavilion. He was worried about Old Mr. Jadeson’s health, so he asked me to accompany him.” 
She had trotted over to his car. Before Sebastian even managed to get off his car, she quickly explained to him through the window, not wanting him to misunderstand her. 
The reason she did so was that she knew about the history between Devin’s parents and him, and she was afraid that he would feel displeased with her action. 
Yet, in response, Sebastian simply got off the car without saying anything. Next, he opened the rear door, scooped her into his arms, and shoved her into the car. 
“Darling!” As soon as she realized what was happening, she squealed in shock. 
“Stay here!” He had a terrifying look on his face as he ordered. Then, with a loud bang, he closed the door without hesitation, leaving Sasha completely petrified. 
###Chapter 953
Chapter 953
What on earth is he doing? 
How can he be so rude to just not let me go to Red Pavilion? This is too much! 
Snapping back to her senses, Sasha popped her head out of the car window to explain herself to Sebastian when she realized that he had carried the kids from the car in front of them. 
“Mommy, Daddy is so fierce!” 
Even the kids could sense Sebastian’s anger. 
Vivian, who was particularly sensitive, started to hug Sasha and sob once she was put in the car. 
“What are you doing, Daddy? If something’s wrong you should solve it by talking it out with Mommy and not through violence!” Ian protested. 
Matteo, who was the last to get on the car, was equally angry. “Ian’s right, Daddy. You can’t be so domineering all the time. Mommy will be very sad.” 
Sebastian’s face darkened out of humiliation when his sons reprimanded him in front of everyone. 
He had to suppress the urge to knock some senses into them for not stopping Sasha, who, in his opinion, was out of her mind. 
To make matters worse, they even joined her as well. 
Have they been living too comfortably at Oceanic Estate to the point where they find the need to get into trouble?
In the end, he let out a sigh after seeing the indignance in Sasha and the kids’ eyes. 
“It isn’t proper for you to go to that place today.” 
“Why not?” Sasha asked while wrapping her arms around Vivian. 
Sasha knew that the funeral might attract unwanted attention but she was shocked that Sebastian would go to such extent to intercept them and send them back to Oceanic Estate. 
“People from the White House and the generals from the military base will be attending the funeral. The reporters will be there too.” 
Sasha did not know what to say to that. 
Even the reporters are going to be there? 
She did not expect that at all. Could it be that the media wanted to bring more attention to the Jadesons’ recent scandal? 
If she went to the funeral as Sebastian’s wife, she reckoned that these reporters would have surrounded her and bombarded her with questions. 
Finally realizing what could have happened, Sasha felt chills running down her spine. 
“Why… Why do they have to be so ruthless?” 
“Ruthless?” Still standing outside the car, Sebastian scoffed. 
“The Jadesons have long been hated for their arrogance. Who wouldn’t use this opportunity to destroy them?” 
Feeling defeated, Sasha was rendered speechless.
She could never comprehend what lengths people will go to for power. 
Sasha turned to look at Sebastian. 
If she remembered correctly, this was the first time he told her important stuff instead of keeping it all to himself ever since his multiple personality disorder was triggered. Before that day, he had treated her like a child by not telling her anything. 
What made him change suddenly? Sasha could also sense the patience and gentleness in his gaze. 
She tightened her arms around her daughter as she felt a warm feeling surging through her. 
“All right, I’ll take the kids back to Oceanic Estate. We won’t go anywhere else.” 
“Okay.” 
Sebastian let out a satisfied smile and reached out to close the car door. 
Before he could, however, Sasha sat up straight and reached out for Sebastian’s arm. “But darling… you must take care of yourself. I’ll be waiting for you with the kids at home.” 
Sebastian paused. 
He could get his arm out of Sasha’s grip effortlessly, but at that very moment, she seemed to have channeled some kind of magic that made him want to get on the car and go back with her and the kids. 
Not to Oceanic Estate, but to Frontier Bay at Avenport, their very own home. 
In the end, he merely said, “All right. I’ll call you later.” 
After one last look at the long slender fingers on his arm, Sebastian tugged his arm loose from the woman’s grasp and walked away.
Sasha spent the next few minutes in silence and watched Sebastian get on the car in front of them. 
Vivian had inched over to Ian after Sasha sat straight just now. Upon seeing her mother looking wistfully at her father, she inched closer to Ian and covered her eyes. 
“Did they kiss?” Did they?” she whispered. 
Ian’s face stiffened. After a long while, he replied with a straight face and reddened ears, “No…” 
Vivian heaved a sigh of disappointment. 
Matteo, on the other hand, was bellowing with laughter. “Not bad, Ian, but you could have done better!” 
Ian did not say anything throughout the whole journey. 
###Chapter 954
Chapter 954
In the end, Sasha and the kids spent the whole day at Oceanic Estate. 
The news of the funeral at Red Pavilion reached Sasha. 
Just as Sebastian predicted, a normal funeral was widely reported because the Jadesons had too many enemies that yearned to see their downfall. 
However, the head of the Jadeson family, Jonathan Jadeson, never showed up. 
What was more infuriating was all of the people who came to the funeral were blocked at the entrance to the Red Pavilion. 
“Apologies everyone. I would like to express on behalf of Old Mr. Jadeson that we are not proud of what our late family members had done as a military family. Please go back and understand that we will not accept guests.” 
Facing the cameras was Janice, who was wearing a black dress and a white flower on her chest. Her elegance and style made her look like the lady in charge of the family. 
What the hell? 
I can’t believe they just shut us out! 
The crowd outside Red Pavilion was furious because they did not get to see the Jadesons getting humiliated. They started to demand the guards to let them in when the sound of marching was heard from behind.
A troop of hundreds of soldiers suddenly appeared. 
On the leader’s command, the troop surrounded Red Pavilion in the blink of an eye. 
Indeed, that was an incredible move on the Jadesons’ part. 
Not long after, the media stopped reporting live. 
Back at The Ataraxy, those who were scheming to destroy Sasha’s reputation were equally mad. 
Just you wait, Sasha Wand! 
After the crowd outside Red Pavilion dispersed, the funeral was able to proceed without disturbance. 
Meanwhile, Sasha received a video message from Janice. 
Sasha: There’s only Colton from The Ataraxy? I thought there would be more. 
Janice: I know right? This is unbelievable. 
This was the first time Janice was blaming Jared. 
Furious, Sasha finally knew that Jared’s bloodline was just using the funeral to achieve their goals. 
Sasha: It’s time for me to show them who’s the boss. 
Janice: What are you planning to do? 
Sasha didn’t know what to reply after briefly thinking it through. Something in the video that Janice sent caught her eye. 
When Sasha realized that was Devin in the video who was kneeling in front of the fire plate and maintaining the position for a full minute, she frowned.
Sasha: Is Devin okay? I heard he fought with Sebastian this morning. 
Janice: Yeah, he should be fine. It’s just that after the fight, he’s been silent for the whole day. He must be shocked by his parents’ sudden death. 
Janice’s text made Sasha less worried. 
She watched the video again. Although she was still worried about Devin, she didn’t ask anything more. 
Sasha was curious if Devin would start to hate her and Sebastian. 
Time passed very quickly, and very soon three days have passed since the funeral. 
Red Pavilion was back to its usual peace. 
In the meantime, Jonathan was discharged from the hospital and was back at Oceanic Estate. 
“Where is Devin? What has he been doing for the past two days?” The first thing Jonathan asked Mark was Devin’s whereabouts. 
Mark’s expression darkened. 
Where is Devin? 
Devin wasn’t at Red Pavilion and no one had seen him for three days. Ever since the funeral, only a few housemaids were there to clean up the house. 
“Devin… He’s at the Woods residence.” 
“Woods residence?”
Jonathan scowled. “What is he doing at the Woods residence? He has a home here! Call him and ask him to come back immediately! Tell him I want to see him!” 
Jonathan was very upset because Mark had disappointed him again. 
“I don’t have his new number, Old Mr. Jadeson. He has changed his number and he didn’t tell anyone else about it.” 
“How dare he!” 
Jonathan was fuming. “This rascal! I will break his legs the moment he comes back!” 
With that said, he grabbed his walking stick, slammed the door, and left the room. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and Sebastian were both upstairs. Sasha was working on a ledger while Sebastian was reading a book. 
Although they had been doing the same thing for the past few days, it felt simple and blissful for them. 
Upon hearing the commotion downstairs, Sasha raised her head and perked her ears. “What was that?” 
Sebastian raised his eyebrows but his eyes were still fixed to the book. “Stop making excuses and continue your work. If you can’t finish by three in the afternoon, you won’t be sleeping in our room tonight.” 
###Chapter 955
Chapter 955
What the hell? Must he be so rude? 
Sasha’s face turned a bright shade of red. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely finish it on time.” 
She quickly lowered her head and focused on the ledger again. 
It was a natural thing for a couple to sleep together, but Sasha found it awkward because they hadn’t been together for more than a year. 
Sebastian had really changed a lot. 
Could it be that he was addicted? 
Sasha stole a puzzled glance at Sebastian. 
That night, the kids didn’t see Sasha at the nursery. 
“Matt, why isn’t Mommy here to accompany us? Didn’t Daddy promise us to let her come down after she finishes her work?” 
Vivian was very clingy to Sasha. 
When Sasha didn’t turn up as usual to read bedtime stories to her, she carried her plushie and came to her brothers’ room. 
Matteo smiled like a cunning little fox upon seeing Vivian.
“You little idiot. That means Mommy still hasn’t finished her work. She won’t be able to finish it today.” 
Vivian pouted and almost began to cry when Ian shot Matteo a look and got down from his bed. 
“Don’t listen to Matt. Mommy will come down when she’s done. Do you want to hear a bedtime story? Let me read it for you.” 
Then, Ian took Vivian’s hand in his and tucked her in his bed. 
Ian, who was raised by Sebastian, was more mature than Matteo, who was raised by Sasha. Perhaps it was due to Sasha’s parenting method that failed to suppress Matteo’s mischief nature. 
Sasha slept at the third floor that night. 
She was too tired to know that Sebastian had turned off her phone and threw it into a drawer, ignoring a message that Sabrina sent her at midnight. 
Sabrina: Sasha, do you have Jake’s phone number? Devin has been missing for two days! 
By right, Devin should have been at the Woods residence. After all, Jonathan and Mark were just there that morning. 
It was odd enough for Sabrina to message Sasha at such late hours. 
However, as Sabrina was able to go to the Woods residence whenever she liked, it meant that Devin was indeed not at the Woods residence. 
It was yet another sleepless night for Sabrina, but luckily for her, she got hold of Jake’s contact number in the morning. 
Useless man: Here’s Jake’s number, but I suggest you don’t look for Devin. Do you think he still wants to see you when he’s already changed his phone number and completely avoided you?
Sabrina flared up upon seeing Solomon’s taunt. 
Sabrina: This is none of your business! 
Useless man: I’m merely reminding you that your brother caused his parents’ death. Do you really think he will still accept you? Do you think you stand a chance when he has never accepted you even before this incident? 
Solomon pointed out the truth blatantly. 
Finally, Sabrina stopped replying. 
The color drained from her face as she sat numbly in the car. There was only sadness left in her eyes. 
She knew that Devin would never accept her, but still, there was no way she could let him ruin his own life. 
Sabrina closed her eyes and took a deep breath. 
When she opened them again, her eyes were full of determination. 
Sabrina: Like I said, this is none of your business. 
Before Solomon could send his reply, Sabrina turned off her phone and tossed it to the side. 
Sabrina was driving when her phone notification rang a few minutes later. It was a message notifying her that five million was transferred from Hayes Corporation to her account. 
Meanwhile, Devin was with Jake, for he couldn’t stand being alone in the house after the funeral. 
Jake had booked a luxury suite in a nightclub for their friends. Seeing that their friends were having fun, he came over to Devin and asked, “What are you planning to do next, Devin?”
###Chapter 956
Chapter 956
For Devin, the youngest person among the four of them, Jake, was like his little fanboy. 
Back then, all four of them grew up together in the same neighborhood. Since Devin was the oldest among them, he had always been the leader in the group, which included Jake and Shawn. 
Unfortunately, Shawn was no longer with them. 
Devin was drowned in his thoughts as he held a glass of alcohol in his hand. He thought of how many things had changed and said, “I want to resign all my positions in the military and live abroad.” 
“What?” 
Jake stared wide eyed at him as soon as he said that. 
Resign? Live abroad? Is he leaving the Jadesons for good? He doesn’t want to be a member of the Jadesons anymore? 
Jake was at a loss for words as a myriad of questions popped into his mind. 
“Devin, i-is this really what you want? Is it because of Sebastian? Still, there’s no need for you to leave the Jadesons because of that. That’s your home.” 
Devin merely shook his head and said, “This has nothing to do with him. I’m just tired of this life.” 
Jake stared at the former who was sitting under the dim lights in the room. He didn’t know what to say. 
Ever since what happened to the Jadesons, Jake had been worried that Devin and Sebastian would have a falling-out. After Shawn’s death, he just hoped that nothing else would happen between them.
Yet, when he heard that Devin did not blame Sebastian at all, he could not help but feel conflicted. 
He knew that Devin had always been a righteous and forgiving person. Still, he wondered if Devin had any idea how much it hurt to hear those words coming from his mouth. 
In the end, Jake decided to say nothing else. 
He simply got up, wanting to order more alcohol. 
However, when he got to the door, he saw a beautiful girl in a dress standing in front of him. 
“Jake, where’s Devin? Is he here with you?” 
“Huh?” 
Jake was a little stunned. 
Kira? How did she find me here? 
Jake’s expression darkened as he looked at her. He quickly shut the door to the private room and said, “He’s not here!” 
Kira did not believe Jake’s words at all. “I don’t believe you. You guys have always been together since you were young. Now that Shawn’s dead, and he’s not over at Red Pavilion, where else would he be if he’s not here?” she scolded and pushed him aside. 
As expected, as soon as she pushed the door open, she saw a young man sitting with his legs crossed under the dim lights on the couch. 
It was clear that the man was the person she had been looking for. 
“Devin, you’re really here. We’ve been searching everywhere for you.”
Kira was relieved when she finally found Devin. She could not help but feel a sudden urge to cry. Immediately, she ran toward him. 
Indeed, Kira’s parents had been looking for him for the past two days. 
He had told them that he wanted to resign from his position and go abroad when they asked him about his plans the other day after the funeral. 
They could not help but wonder if Devin had somehow gone mad. 
Otherwise, why would he even think of resigning and going abroad? 
“Devin…” Kira stood in front of Devin. 
Devin did not reply at first since he’d had a lot to drink. It took him a moment to get a good look at the girl in front of him. 
“Kira? What are you doing here?” 
Kira was both delighted and aggrieved when she heard him call her. 
“I’m here to look for you. Devin, let’s go home. My mom and dad have been waiting for you to come back,” Kira said with tear-filled eyes, assuming an absolutely pitiful appearance that could elicit sympathy from anyone. 
In reality, one would be happy to feel the concern from their close ones, especially following the death of their parents. 
However, Devin had no urge to return with Kira at all. All he felt at that instance was resistance and a slight annoyance surging inside of him.
“No. Just go back on your own. And tell your parents that they should stop looking for me.” 
“But—” 
“That’s all. I’ll get Jake to arrange a ride for you,” Devin interjected before she could finish. 
He then beckoned to Jake who was behind them and asked him to send Kira back to Jadeborough. 
What he did was nothing special at all, considering the circumstances. 
After all, it was already very late. Kira was not only a girl, but she was also his family. 
However, unbeknownst to him, Kira saw his arrangement as an act out of concern for her. Thus, instead of leaving, she remained where she was and stared at the man in front of her. 
She gritted her teeth as though she had set her mind on something. 
In fact, Kira was there tonight because her parents had ordered her to bring Devin back no matter what it took. 
Devin’s decision was indeed a huge blow to the Woodses. 
The latter had hoped that Devin would go against Sebastian ever since they found out about his parents’ death. Yet, Devin had no intention to do that at all. 
###Chapter 957
Chapter 957
Instead, he decided to toss everything behind and leave, which caused them to be utterly disappointed by his decision. 
That was why Kira had come prepared this time to bring Devin back. 
“All right, I’ll go. But can I get a drink first? I came all the way here in the middle of the night. I didn’t even get to eat at all. I’m so tired and thirsty,” said Kira. 
In the end, she gave in to Devin and merely requested some food before she left. 
Devin looked down at his watch and agreed. 
It was ten minutes later when the snacks and a glass of juice Jake had ordered were served. Kira immediately sat down and dug in as soon as she saw the food. 
It seemed that she was really starving. 
Devin moved his gaze away from her and started scrolling through his phone. 
Ring… Ring… Ring… 
“Hello?” 
“Hello, Sir. May I ask if this white Lexus with the car plate number 680 is yours?” 
It was a call from an unknown man who went on and asked about Devin’s car. 
Devin paused for a bit before he replied, “It is. Why?”
“I’m sorry, Sir. I accidentally scratched your car when I was parking mine. Could you come over and take a look so that we can discuss the compensation?” 
Devin had no choice but to go and take a look at his car. 
“Devin, where are you going?” 
“Nowhere. Just eat your food and get Jake to send you home once you’re done,” Devin reminded her again. 
Then, he turned and left. 
Jake was not around at that moment as he had gone to get Kira’s ride ready. 
Kira was left in the room with her food. By the time Devin and Jake got back, she had already finished eating. 
“Devin, I’m done.” 
“Okay. Go ahead then.” 
Up till then, Devin did not sense that anything was wrong at all. 
He even transferred her two thousand before she left since he knew she did not have any money on her. 
It was moments later after her departure that Devin started to feel warm after taking another drink. It was as though something was crawling inside of him, and his temperature was rising. 
“Are you drunk?” Jake asked. 
Devin thought that he was drunk as well. 
After all, he did have a lot of drinks that night.
“It’s okay. Just take me back to the hotel. It’s getting late anyway,” said Devin, staggering to his feet, wanting to get back to the hotel. 
Jake quickly went over and helped him up when he saw that. Thereafter, he sent him back to the hotel. 
Thud! 
Arriving at the hotel, he quickly removed his coat as the heat was getting to him. He headed toward the bathroom, planning to get a cold shower. Suddenly, a sweet fragrance filled the air in the room. 
A woman? 
Immediately, those words appeared in his mind. 
His body froze. Like a deadly poison, the fragrance added fuel to the fire that was already burning inside of him. 
“Who’s there?” 
“Devin, hurry. H-Help me…” 
Devin’s gaze darkened when he heard the tiny cry coming from the room. 
It really is a woman. 
The woman’s blouse was already in a complete mess. Her porcelain skin was exposed as she walked toward Devin like a beautiful siren. 
“Devin…” 
She went over and wrapped her arms around his neck, her beautiful, seductive eyes staring into his.
Devin remained unmoved. 
He could feel the ball of flames growing inside of him. All he could think of at that moment was to pin the woman down and swallow her alive. 
However, he still had his last shred of sanity. 
“W-Who are you? G-Get out!” he said with a hoarse voice as he tried to suppress his urges. 
Even so, there was no way the woman was going to leave. 
After all, he was the person she had always been dreaming of. 
She smiled as she watched the lust build up in his eyes. And slowly, she pulled down the straps off her shoulders. 
At that moment, it seemed as though she was about to succeed when suddenly, the door was smashed open from the outside. 
The culprit who smashed the door narrowed her eyes when she saw what was happening. She went over and kicked the woman right on the chest. 
“Shanae, you b*tch! How shameless can you be? I’m going to kill you today!” 
Shanae was completely caught off guard as she was in the midst of taking off her clothes. Like a sandbag, she was sent flying some distance away and she passed out before she could even react. 
Meanwhile, Devin who was under the influence froze. 
As the scent of the woman disappeared, he felt worse.
The urges that were getting stronger felt as though they were about to explode in his chest. Not to mention how hard it was getting down there. 
###Chapter 958
Chapter 958
At that moment, he felt as though there was someone else approaching him. 
“Devin, are you okay? F*ck! Why are your eyes so red? Were you drugged?” 
The woman was shocked to see his bloodshot eyes when she went in front of him. 
That b*tch! 
Just as she was about to turn around to search Shanae’s body for an antidote, a pair of strong arms held onto her from behind. 
She cried out in surprise, but she was silenced almost immediately. 
The man who caught her felt as though he had finally found the oasis in his desert. 
Smelling the scent of cocoa powder and a hint of cedar on her, he no longer resisted. He pulled her into his arms and pressed against her, his fiery lips swallowing her cry. 
Damn it! 
Sabrina’s mind went completely blank at that instance. 
Meanwhile, Sasha’s phone had been ringing for a while. 
When she woke up and answered her phone, Sabrina’s voice could be heard from the other end of the line. 
“Crap, Sasha. I slept with Devin!”
She sounded as though she had just gotten herself a beating as she could not even form a coherent sentence. 
Her voice was trembling when she told Sasha the earth-shattering news. 
Sasha was momentarily stunned. 
She wondered for a second if she was still sleeping or if it was a dream. 
She brought the phone in front of her and had a good look at it. 
“Hello? Sasha, what are you doing? I’m on the phone here. Stop pretending like you’re deaf!” Sabrina shouted over the phone. She sounded as though she had lost her mind. 
Sasha sat up at once at the sound of that. 
“Not bad. You’ve finally taken a huge step. Good job!” Sasha complimented, thinking that Sabrina deserved it considering how difficult it had been for her. 
However, as soon as Sasha said that, Sabrina started yelling again, “Good job? What is wrong with you? I was screwed when he was drugged!” 
“Huh? Drugged?” 
“Yes! Shanae drugged him at the hotel last night when I found him. I knocked her out with a kick, then the man she tried to sleep with ended up sleeping with me.” 
The more Sabrina said, the more indignant she felt. She even sounded bitter by the end of it. 
“Don’t you want to sleep with him? Wasn’t that your goal before?” asked Sasha. 
Sabrina was rendered speechless when she heard that.
Her face flushed red as she tried to explain herself, yet she said nothing when she thought of all the things she had done in the past. 
Damn this woman. I should have known better than to call her. 
“So where are you now? Did his attitude change now that the two of you have slept together? What did he say to you?” 
“Nothing. I can’t let him know about this, so I ran,” Sabrina replied as she blushed harder. 
You ran! 
Sasha was in disbelief when she heard her words. “So what you’re saying is that after the two of you slept together, you dumped him in the hotel once you woke up and left?” 
“Yeah. Why?” 
“Are you a pig? How is he supposed to know then who he slept with when he’s awake? Do you think he’ll remember you? Perhaps he might even think it was Shanae. Listen to me, Sabrina. A man can’t think straight when he’s drugged. All he’ll remember when he’s awake is that something bad happened. He will not remember who it was if the woman is not beside him,” said Sasha angrily. 
Sasha was speaking from experience when it came down to it as she had experienced it first-hand. 
Back then, she was pregnant with the triplets because Sebastian got drugged by Frederick on their wedding night. 
If Sebastian had a semblance of sanity left then, he wouldn’t have slept with her. 
Sabrina paled after hearing Sasha’s words as she had never thought about it.
She assumed that he would remember her even if she had left. After all, how could he forget the most intimate thing that could happen between a man and a woman? 
However, she was being told over the phone now that a man who was drugged would have no memories of the entire thing. 
“Sab?” 
It took Sabrina a few moments before she finally said, “Forget about it then if he really doesn’t remember. It’s not my first anyway.” 
Sasha was a little taken aback. 
She had wanted to say something when the line was cut off. 
Is she a fool? 
Frustrated, Sasha could no longer stay in bed. She lifted the covers and got out of bed. 
“Darling? Darling?” 
“Mrs. Jadeson, are you looking for Mr. Jadeson? Old Mr. Jadeson called for him early this morning. It seems that they have found Mr. Devin,” Olivia answered her when she heard Sasha’s voice. 
###Chapter 959
Chapter 959
Could this be a coincidence? 
Sasha wondered if it was truly a coincidence that Jonathan found Devin right after Sabrina told her that she had slept with him. 
Somehow, something felt amiss to her. She quickly tidied up herself and left Oceanic Estate while making a call. 
“Hello?” 
The call went through very soon, and a familiar male voice came from the phone. Sasha could not help but blush at that voice as she recalled what happened the night before. 
However, she snapped back to her senses almost immediately and asked, “Darling, where are you? I heard you’ve found Devin.” 
“Yes. We’re at Coldbridge. You wanna come?” 
Sebastian could read her mind as soon as he heard her tone. 
“Can… Can I?” Sasha felt a little awkward. “Sab has been asking, so I wanted to go and take a look for her.” 
She brought up Sabrina without telling Sebastian the truth as she was afraid of how he would react. She could only imagine the man killing Sabrina if she told him about it.
As expected, Sebastian agreed. It was only a few moments later when she received the location from him. 
Sasha turned on the navigation system, then sent a message to Sabrina, telling her that she was heading to Coldbridge before she drove off. 
Sasha knew Sabrina like the back of her hand. The latter might seem arrogant and cocky, but she was not like that at all. Instead, she could be quite a fool sometimes. 
Her foolishness stopped her from clinging onto someone she loved deeply. 
The worst part was how carefree she was. She was the sort of person who would convince herself to give up once she knew that she had no hope. 
The last thing she said about how it was not her first time anyway earlier before she hung up the phone was the perfect example. 
Thus, Sasha was determined to go and take a look at what was going on there on her behalf. No matter what she would not allow Sabrina to be hurt. 
With that thought, Sasha floored the gas pedal. 
Ring… Ring… 
Suddenly, her phone started buzzing. 
Sasha took a glance at it and had no choice but to pick it up. “Hello? Who’s this?” 
“Sasha, it’s me.” The caller was Janice and she sounded a little anxious. 
“Oh, Aunt Janice, what’s up?”
“Well, Old Mr. Woods’ here at the Red Pavilion. Do you know what happened, Sasha? He came with a group of men and refused to leave.” 
Sasha did not expect to hear something like that from Janice over the phone. 
Old Mr. Woods’ at the Red Pavilion? What is he doing there? Didn’t he say he’s cutting off all ties with the Jadesons when they didn’t manage to get any benefit at Stephen and his wife’s funeral? 
Puzzled, Sasha asked, “Did you ask him why? What does he want?” 
Janice shook her head and said, “I did, but he ignore me. Sasha, something’s wrong. Where are you now? Can you come over?” 
Sasha mulled over it. 
I’m almost at the highway, and she’s asking me to go over there? Is she serious? 
“I can’t—” 
“Sasha, I heard that Old Mr. Jadeson and Sebastian have gone to get Mr. Devin. Do you think Old Mr. Woods is trying to cause trouble here? I heard that Mr. Devin left Jadeborough two days ago after he went to the Woodses’. Do you think the two might be somehow related?” 
“Okay, I got it. I’ll head over right now.” 
Annoyed, Sasha turned around and headed back in the end after listening to Janice’s words. 
She knew that that was not the time for chaos to break out at the Red Pavilion. Devin would be pissed off if the place was messed up by those people. 
Thus, Sasha gave up on going to Coldbridge.
However, unbeknownst to her, she would miss a lot of drama over at Coldbridge because of her decision. 
“Granduncle, you must stand up for me. I came yesterday night with Kira to look for him. I have no idea what happened, but somehow, Kira never came back after she went looking for him. Then, I saw him here, at the hotel, and h-he…” 
The hotel room where Shanae stood was in an utter mess. She was holding her torn clothes against her with bruises all over her face. She burst out in tears in front of Jonathan as she said those words. 
Jonathan’s expression was grim. 
He immediately turned his gaze to the bed. 
He noticed that the man had his head in his hands as though he was suffering from an awful headache. 
The man was Devin, and his brows furrowed as he tried to recall what happened the night before. However, all he managed to get were fragmented pieces of memories in his mind. 
“Devin! You brat! What do you have to say for yourself?” 
Jonathan was livid when he saw Devin in a state like that. 
Devin was a little taken aback by Jonathan’s voice. It took him a moment before he looked in their direction and said, “I don’t remember what happened last night, but there are surveillance cameras everywhere in the hotel. We can look at the footage.” 
No one said anything when he said that. 
“Also, there must be something wrong with the club as well. I couldn’t have gotten myself into this situation.”
At that moment, it became apparent how much of an experienced military officer Devin was. 
###Chapter 960
Chapter 960
Even though the whole situation was a complete mess, and he was not sure what had happened, he still managed to notice that something was amiss. 
Shanae’s expression froze when she heard what he said. 
“Devin, a-are you saying that I’m lying? J-Just look at the bed if you don’t believe me,” she said as she pointed at the bed. 
Her eyes were brimmed with tears as though she was humiliated by Devin’s words. 
Devin was stunned. 
He quickly lifted the covers, and the blood drained off his face when he saw what was under it. 
“Do you see it now? You listen to me, Devin Jadeson. I’m no slut. I’m a Woods, and the Woodses live with integrity. That’s our rule. I’ll never joke around with my reputation!” 
She sounded sincere, especially when she swore on the Woodses. 
Jonathan’s expression turned grim once again when he heard her words. 
“Don’t worry. If this brat has really done something to you, the Jadesons—” 
“Ms. Woods, I had no idea that the Woodses had something like that. Then, why did I hear that you went around flirting with other men as the Jadesons’ fiancée?” 
Just when Jonathan was about to give his word on behalf of the Jadesons, Sebastian who had been keeping to himself stepped in.
He stood by the door with his hands in the pockets of his casual, dark-colored pants. Like a bystander, he seemed unbothered. 
Yet, there was tension in the air as soon as he spoke. 
It even felt as though the temperature in the room had dropped. 
Shanae blanched as she argued, “Y-You’re lying. Those are just a bunch of nasty rumors. Where did you even hear it from?” 
Sebastian stared at her coldly, and with his overwhelming presence, he said, “My wife.” 
His wife? As in… Sasha Wand? 
Shanae’s heart did a somersault. She was bereft of speech. 
Jonathan finally sensed that something was off. He quickly came over and said, “Sebastian, what’s going on?” 
Sebastian withdrew his gaze and answered, “Nothing. Let’s just verify the whole thing first. Devin’s a soldier, so someone must have done something to knock him out. Plus, there are so many women in this hotel. Yet, what a coincidence that she was the one to get caught in this.” 
He shot Shanae a glance as he said the last sentence. 
Shanae felt a shiver down her spine, and her legs almost gave way. 
What a terrifying gaze. How can I forget that the Jadesons have gotten themselves a terrifying new member? 
Shanae was starting to regret getting herself involved in this.
In the end, Devin was taken away from the hotel room. 
Jonathan ordered his men to look into the incident, and he had them bring Shanae back as well. All that was left was to wait for the outcome. 
“Mark, what do you think Old Mr. Jadeson would do if they found out that Mr. Devin did, in fact, slept with Ms. Woods?” 
“What else? Of course, he’ll get the two of them to get married.” Mark who was left behind to follow up on the incident answered without much thought. 
In fact, that was what Jonathan had in mind as well. 
After all, Shanae was the candidate he had picked out for Devin for a marriage of convenience from the very beginning. 
If they had indeed slept with each other, then getting married was the only option. 
“But how about Ms. Hayes? If Mr. Devin got married, what about Ms. Hayes?” the bodyguard could not help but ask as he recalled how Devin and Sabrina seemed so close to each other just a while back. 
Mark furrowed his brows. 
Sabrina? How did that woman come into the picture? 
He seemed a little annoyed as he replied, “Don’t bring up this person anymore. No matter who Mr. Devin marries, it’ll never be her.” 
“Huh? W-Why?”
“Are you dumb? She’s from the Hayes family and Mr. Devin’s parents died because of Mr. Jadeson. You’re asking him to marry his sister? Are you trying to make his parents crawl out from their graves?” 
Surprisingly, his answer was the same as what Sabrina heard from the person who transferred the funds to her last night. 
With a loud thud, Sabrina fell backward and hit the wall behind her. 
She did not want to admit it, but she was slapped in the face by the harsh reality. Even though she had thought of such a possibility from the very beginning, she could still feel her heart bleed when she heard those words. 
At that instance, she felt as though she was surrounded by darkness. 
She had no idea how she left the hotel. By the time she snapped back to her senses, she had already gotten into her car with her phone by her ear. 
###Chapter 961
Chapter 961
“Hello?” 
“I want you to do something for me.” 
“What?” 
“Wipe away everything that happened to me last night. I want everything gone. Leave no trace of me being there at all,” she uttered each word through gritted teeth as she stared ahead with reddened eyes in the car. 
The person on the other end of the phone fell silent. 
He was unsure if he was supposed to feel happy or sad about it. 
Finally, after one minute, he agreed in a low voice and said, “Sure. So when are you coming back then?” 
“Today.” 
“Okay. I’ll get someone to book a flight for you. You can return to work tomorrow,” he said and hung up the phone afterward. 
Sabrina remained unmoved for a while after the call ended. However, she finally broke down when she received the notification about her flight to return home. She threw her phone aside, plopped down on the steering wheel, and burst into tears. 
It’s finally over. Finally…
Over at the Red Pavilion, Sasha finally figured out the reason Richard and his men had come so early in the morning. 
“Devin defiled Shanae,” was what Richard said. 
F*ck! That b*tch really did it! Sasha cursed in her head and sneered, “Old Mr. Woods, you can’t just say anything you like. Girls nowadays will do anything to get what they want. You should be cautious of her words.” 
“What did you say? I dare you to say that again. Why would my granddaughter lie to me?” 
Richard jumped up from his seat when he heard Sasha’s words. 
Then, just as Sasha was about to reveal the truth, her phone rang, and it was a message. 
Sabrina: Don’t tell anyone about what I told you earlier. 
Sasha: What? 
Sabrina: You’ll never see me again if you break this promise. 
Sasha was shocked by the message. She tried to send another message, but all she got was an error notification. 
F*ck! What is wrong with her? 
She then tried to call Sabrina but to no avail no matter how many times she tried. 
She’s really gone mad! 
Sasha was panicking at that point when she heard someone say, “They’re back! Look! Mr. Jadeson and Old Mr. Jadeson are back!”
“Yes, they’re back.” 
Sasha looked up and saw that Jonathan was back with Devin, and Sebastian was behind them. 
They’re finally back. They’re just in time. I’ll go ask what happened. 
Sasha ran toward Sebastian and said, “Darling, you’re finally back. How’s Devin? He—” 
Sasha was eager to ask if Devin remembered who he slept with when he woke up. She wanted to know if he remembered Sabrina at all. 
Yet, she had just got a hold of Sebastian’s arms when she was interrupted. 
Jonathan noticed Richard coming out of the villa as soon as he got out of the car. Thus, he went over with a smile and said, “Richard, I was just going to go see you. What a surprise to see you here.” 
“Is that so? Have you figured out the whole thing?” 
Richard Woods was a devious old man. He acted all high and mighty when he noticed how Jonathan was trying to get on his good side. 
Since Jonathan felt as though he was in the wrong, he had no choice but to go along with it. 
“Yes, we did. I’m sorry, Richard. This brat of mine has really got himself in trouble this time. Don’t worry. The Jadesons will take responsibility for this. I’ll get someone to pick a good date today, and we’ll get them both engaged first.” 
Jonathan went ahead and made a huge promise to Richard without any hesitation. 
Sasha was shocked.
Finally, when the two had gone inside with Devin being dragged along by Jonathan, she tugged on Sebastian’s sleeves anxiously. 
“Darling, what’s happening? Did you all believe Shanae’s words and think she’s the one who slept with Devin?” 
“What are you talking about?” asked Sebastian as he narrowed his eyes. 
Since he had no idea that his sister had already talked to Sasha, he was surprised by Sasha’s words. At the same time, he also sensed that something was wrong. 
“You know who the person is?” 
“I do.” 
“Who?” 
“Your sister.” 
Sasha went ahead and told him without hesitation. She did not give it much thought as she was already on the edge because of it. 
What the hell? She’s obviously a fraud, so why does she get to marry Devin? This is too absurd. 
However, Sasha was disappointed when she saw how the person she had high hopes for, the only person who was able to help Sabrina, merely took a deep breath without saying anything. 
###Chapter 962
Chapter 962
“Darling?” 
Sasha had a bad feeling as she stared at Sebastian’s handsome face. 
“I didn’t see her at all in the surveillance footage,” he finally said in a glum tone. 
Huh? 
Sasha looked at him in disbelief. 
“You didn’t? But she told me this morning. She said that Shanae drugged Devin, so she kicked her. Then, to help Devin, they ended up sleeping together.” Sasha told Sebastian everything she knew from her call with Sabrina. 
However, she was disappointed again when she saw Sebastian shaking his head at her. 
“No. Whether it’s the club or the hotel, we’ve looked into everything. There were no signs of Sabrina and everything went exactly the way Shanae has mentioned. After Devin bumped into her at the hotel, she was dragged into the room, and the rest is history.” 
Sebastian told Sasha everything with furrowed brows while bending over to pick up the video player from the car. 
The whole thing was no doubt baffling. 
After all, Sebastian knew at first glance when he arrived at the hotel that someone had planned the whole thing. Not to mention how obvious everything looked.
Yet, when they sent their men to look into it, the whole thing appeared flawless. There were no signs of anyone else tampering right from the time Devin got drunk at the club to the point where he was taken to the hotel by Jake, bumped into Shanae, and dragged her into the room. 
They simply could not find anything suspicious at all. 
Thus, he had no choice but to watch when they brought Shanae back and had Devin dragged in like a puppet. 
“How could this be? This is impossible. It’s not like that when your sister called me. There’s no way she would lie to me.” 
At this moment, Sasha had just finished watching the surveillance footage. She too, could not believe what she had just seen. 
Sebastian’s expression was grim. 
He could not help but wonder if his sister was lying. 
However, he knew it very well that with Sabrina’s carefree character, she would never lie about such a thing. No matter how much she messed around outside, she would never joke about her innocence, not especially when the man she loved was involved. 
Hence, the only explanation to that was that there was something wrong with the footage. 
“What? What do you mean?” Sasha immediately looked up at him with the video player still in her hands. 
“Someone must have edited the person and joined the whole thing back together.” 
It took Sasha a moment to process Sebastian’s words. “Who did it?”
At that instance, all she could think of was that Shanae was the one behind it. She was on the verge of exploding with rage, and she was ready to tear her apart as soon as she got a confirmation from Sebastian. 
However, Sebastian’s complexion looked worse than before as he said, “Who else? That fool, of course!” 
It had only been a few seconds, but his entire presence had turned so cold and distant that it could send a shiver down anyone’s spine. 
Sasha was stunned. 
That fool? 
At that moment, Sasha realized who he was talking about. 
She could not believe her ears. It was only earlier that morning that she was so thrilled when Sabrina told her that she had slept with Devin. 
Yet, she was being told now by the man in front of him that Sabrina was the person who had herself removed completely from the footage. 
Why? Why did she do that? Does she not know that if she does that, there’s no way Devin will find out that the woman who slept with him was her, Sabrina Hayes? Does she not realize that she has ruined all chances of them getting together because of that? 
Sasha was infuriated. 
Then again, she had no idea that there was a reason behind all of that. It was somehow understandable as so much had happened. Her mind was in such a complete mess that she did not have the time to think it through.
The real reason and truth for why Sabrina did what she did were so sad that it was suffocating. 
Eventually, Sebastian went inside as well. 
He went over and stood right in front of Devin when Jonathan and Richard were in the middle of discussing the date for the engagement. 
“Is this what you want? Are you the one getting married or them? Don’t you have anything to say at all?” he said as he looked down at Devin. 
It was as though he was interrogating a criminal when he said that, and that was the first time he had used that tone on Devin. 
Devin froze for a moment before looking up at Sebastian with a blank look. 
At that moment, he looked lost as though his brain could not comprehend the situation he was in at all. He even had trouble understanding Sebastian’s words at that point. 
“Who’s getting married?” 
###Chapter 963
Chapter 963
Is he seriously asking who’s getting married? 
Devin’s question had enraged Sebastian to the extent that it rendered him speechless. 
Jonathan, on the other hand, who was discussing this matter with Richard, glared in their direction. 
“Who else do you think is getting married? You b*stard, of course, it’s you! Aren’t you going to take responsibility for what you have done?” 
Devin frowned and looked at Jonathan. 
“Have you checked properly?” 
“Obviously!” Jonathan shouted at Devin in public, furious at his response. 
Devin’s face went pale. 
However, he calmed himself down and refuted, “I’m not saying that I will not take responsibility for this. It’s just that there are many other ways. Why do I have to marry Shanae?” 
“What? You don’t want to marry her? What do you want to do then?” 
“It depends on the conditions she makes. I’ll definitely fulfill it if I have the capability to do so,” Devin replied as he looked at Jonathan. After understanding the whole situation, he was not intimidated anymore. 
Jonathan was not particularly angry with Devin’s reply. Richard, who had the intention of cozying up with the Jadesons, however, exploded from anger.
“Bullshit! Shanae is an unmarried, innocent maiden. How dare you say such things after defiling her innocence? If you’re not going to take her home as your wife now, are you planning to let her marry someone else in the future?” 
“I—” 
“I’m warning you, you rascal. You must marry Shanae and that’s final or I’ll spread this news and destroy the Jadesons’ reputation.” 
Never had anyone imagined that Richard would threaten the Jadesons in such a shameless and despicable manner. 
Devin blanched. He stared at Richard as anger welled up in his chest and clenched his fist so tight that his knuckles were cracking. He wanted so badly to strangle Richard to death. 
All problems will be resolved after I strangle him. 
“Why don’t you give it a try?” 
Just when Jonathan and Devin were trembling in fury at Richard’s brazen threat, a cold voice that they seemed to have forgotten about sounded in front of them. 
Devin immediately lifted his head and saw a man. 
It was Sebastian. He was standing there with his hands in his pockets. He stared at them emotionlessly, his facial features looking all the more solemn. 
Richard immediately shifted his gaze to Sebastian. “What did you just say? Do you think I won’t do it?” 
Sebastian smirked and replied, “You think I care? I can even grant your wish right now!” 
He waved his hands, and instantly someone walked up from behind him.
“Mr. Jadeson.” 
“Get a few reporters here and tell them that the Jadesons have some things to announce. Oh, and inform Mark to get the owner of the nightclub and the manager of the hotel over. We’ll need them during the press conference.” 
The instructions given by Sebastian stunned everyone. 
Little did they expect him to be so direct and make a decision on behalf of Richard. 
Devin was shocked. 
Similarly, Jonathan widened his eyes in astonishment. 
The moment Richard saw Sebastian giving instructions to his subordinate, his arrogant and impudence look turned as white as a sheet. 
I can’t believe Sebastian is going to have a press conference. Is he crazy? Is he aware that it’s Devin who caused this scandal? Isn’t he afraid that he would embarrass the Jadeson family for causing such a scene? 
Richard panicked. He was terrified and furious as he knew the truth to the whole story. 
After Jasmine’s death, the backbone of the Woodses had collapsed. 
If the Woodses wanted to stay in the upper-class society of Jadeborough, their only means was to grab onto the Jadesons. As for now, Devin was the best candidate they could place their hope in. 
However, they had never thought that the Jadesons, who were fools in their eyes, would cause such a scene.
Richard glared at Sebastian and warned, “Okay. The Jadesons have won this time. All of you can afford to be embarrassed in public, but not the Woodses. I’m warning you, Jonathan, the Woodses will not let this matter slide.” 
Jonathan was rendered speechless as he looked at Richard, who just left angrily. 
Did he just leave? Is it over? 
Jonathan sat blankly for a few seconds. 
Seeing that Richard had left, Devin turned around and looked at Sebastian. 
“Thank you. Haha…” 
Sebastian had no intention of engaging in a conversation with Devin. With a gloomy face, he turned and walked away. 
Sasha, who had been witnessing everything at the door, walked up to Sebastian and hugged his arm worriedly. 
“Darling, why didn’t you tell Devin that Sab was the real woman he was with?” 
“Why should I tell him?” 
“Well, you saw it too. Devin refuses to marry Shanae. He’s willing to do anything to compensate her instead and even had a falling-out with Old Mr. Woods.” 
“So? Was there an outcome?” 
Sasha fell silent upon hearing Sebastian’s question. 
###Chapter 964
Chapter 964
Was there an outcome? 
The answer was no. 
That was because no one could disobey their parents, no matter how good or how bad they were. After all, the latter was the one who brought them up. Hence, obedience was a way to express one’s filial toward their parents. 
Sasha accompanied Sebastian to Oceanic Estate. 
There was still no news from the Woodses two days later. Even since Sebastian’s warning at the Red Pavilion, the Woodses had been very wary of their actions. 
It was also two days later that Jonathan finally found out about Devin’s resignation at the military base. 
“That b*stard! Is he trying to turn against me now? Did I tell him to resign? Is he trying to get on my nerves? What good would it bring him if I died?” 
Jonathan was livid as he smashed everything in his studies. Even the ground could not withstand his fury. 
Mark’s face turned pale upon seeing that. 
Although Jonathan was disappointed with Devin’s qualifications, he had never ill-treated the latter. In fact, the former had spent a lot of his time and effort on Devin.
Seeing how mad Jonathan was, Mark was afraid that something might happen to him. Hence, he quickly came over to comfort him. 
“Don’t worry, Old Mr. Jadeson. We’ve stopped the letter from reaching the higher-ups. The people of the military base have found out and quickly warned us about it. What’s important now is to dismiss Mr. Devin’s thought of resigning,” Mark reminded Jonathan. 
Jonathan stood in the middle of the mess he had created and leaned against the table to calm himself down. Still fuming, he ordered, “Go find that b*astard now!” 
“Yes, Old Mr. Jadeson.” Mark let out a sigh of relief. Thereafter, he left Oceanic Estate to search for Devin. 
At this moment, Sasha was trimming the flowers in the garden. Just when she was about to take the flowers upstairs to arrange them in a vase, she saw the commotion that happened in the study, and her expression changed. 
Devin is resigning his position in the military? 
Sasha panicked too upon hearing the news. After seeing Mark leave hurriedly, she quickly threw away the scissors in her hands. With the flowers left in her grip, she rushed up the stairs. 
“Oh no, Darling! Devin is in trouble!” 
Sasha ran up hurriedly, shouting even before reaching the bedroom on the third floor. 
Under the golden sunray, the man who was flipping through his old notebook in front of the window in the bedroom frowned upon hearing Sasha calling for him. 
Why isn’t Sebastian replying to me? 
“Darling?”
Since there was no one answering her, Sasha called out gently with flowers in her hands as she walked toward Sebastian. 
Right then, Sasha looked exactly like their daughter, Vivian. 
It was obvious that the blank and sweet look Vivian had was all inherited from Sasha. 
Sebastian finally turned his head over as he put down the notebook in his hands. He looked at Sasha with his pair of black and charming eyes and asked, “What happened?” 
“I heard Mark saying downstairs that Devin is resigning. Darling, what do you think he is trying to do? Why did he resign all of a sudden? Does he not want to be a soldier anymore?” 
Sasha went on to recount everything she overheard just now. 
She could not fathom Devin’s decision. She felt confused and angry because she understood the implication of the resignation to the Jadesons and to Devin himself. 
However, what surprised Sasha more was that Sebastian was not taken aback by her words. 
“What’s so strange about it? Devin has always been like this.” 
“Huh?” Sasha was astonished. 
Devin has always been like this? Sebastian sounds like he knows Devin very well, to the extent that he’s aware that Devin will resign. However, wasn’t he very tense when Devin’s parents passed away a few days ago? Sebastian was constantly grumpy and was not as calm as always when he spoke and worked. Now he’s telling me that Devin has always been this way? 
Sasha looked at Sebastian, who looked relaxed despite the frown on his face. At that instant, she seemed to have understood what Sebastian was implying.
“Okay. Then what should we do now? Are we really letting him resign?” 
“Resign? Have our efforts in raising him up all been fed to the dog?” Sebastian said through gritted teeth. Quickly, he changed into a clean set of clothes and headed out. 
Sasha was shocked by how ruthless the metaphor Sebastian gave was. 
Even so, Sebastian is right. Old Mr. Jadeson has nurtured Devin for so many years. How could Devin just give up in this manner? Though he may have done it for Sebastian and me, that’s still not the right way to do it. 
Relief washed over Sasha. 
After that, she did not intervene further but took out her phone and sent Sabrina, who was in Avenport, a message. 
Sasha: Sab, what are you doing now? 
Sabrina: Anything? 
Sabrina’s reply was rather instant. It was as if she had been waiting for Sasha’s message. 
Sasha felt a twinge in her heart, but she quickly pulled herself together and replied to Sabrina. 
###Chapter 965
Chapter 965
Sasha: It’s nothing much. Just wanted to let you know that Shanae’s scheme did not turn out well. Sebastian managed to scare Old Mr. Woods. And of course, Devin is not willing to marry Shanae as well. 
The last sentence was the crucial one. 
Sabrina, who was on the other end of the phone, went silent for a couple of minutes after receiving the message. 
Sabrina: This has nothing to do with me anymore. 
Sasha: Actually, you can tell him about that night. It doesn’t matter whether the both of you will end up together or not. I think there are some things that you still need to fight for it. How will you know how he actually feels if you aren’t honest with him? 
Sabrina: Then why did you run away back then with your two children to a foreign country without even telling Sebastian? 
Sasha fell silent as Sabrina had poked her sore spot. 
However, she understood that both of them were similar in the sense that they were not willing to rub salt on their own wound when they were already in a miserable state. They would rather leave with dignity. 
Hence, Sasha did not pressure Sabrina further. 
Nonetheless, the former still gave the latter a word of assurance. Even though Sabrina would not be marrying Devin, there was no way Shanae would be part of the Jadesons with Sasha around.
At District 13 of the military base, Jonathan finally found Devin, who was in a heated conversation with his commanders, with Mark’s help. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, you are finally here!” 
“We’ve been waiting for you, Old Mr. Jadeson!” 
The commanders looked as though they saw their lifesaver upon Jonathan’s arrival as tears of relief streamed down their cheeks. 
After all, the people from the military base were rather loyal to Jonathan. 
Jonathan gestured the commanders to leave with a wave of his hand. After that, he stayed in the office, staring straight at Devin, who remained composed and showed no hint of repentance. 
“Tell me. What are you planning to do?” Jonathan asked calmly, eventually heeding Mark’s advice to suppress his anger. 
Devin was shocked that Jonathan, who had always been hot-tempered, did not lose his temper and slam the table as he usually would. 
Seeing that Jonathan showed no sign of anger, he replied honestly, “Nothing much. I just wanted to have a look at the world outside.” 
“Have a look outside?” Jonathan struggled to rein in his anger. “Where?” 
“Overseas. I want to go to an architecture school in Yartran to further my studies. After all, this is my passion. I’ve contacted the school and will go over once I’ve resigned,” answered Devin. He had no intention of hiding the truth. 
A fresh swell of rage rose in Jonathan at once.
He did not say a word but lifted his arm instead and gave Devin a slap. 
The slap was loud and crisp that even those outside the office could hear it. 
“You want to go overseas? The nerve of you to make such a decision! Do you think you can do whatever you want just because your parents died? Just you wait! I’m definitely going to break your legs today!” 
Following that, the office was filled with a loud smashing sound. 
Mark, who was outside, was about to rush in upon hearing everything. 
However, the commanders immediately stopped him. “I think it’s better that you don’t enter. It’s no good for an outsider to get involved in someone else’s family affairs. You’ll only complicate things if you enter.” 
Mark was getting worried and anxious. “But if I don’t enter now, Old. Mr. Jadesons might really beat Mr. Devin to death!” 
Mark’s words about Jonathan were rather terrifying. 
Truth be told, with Jonathan’s personality, coupled with his experience in the army, it was very likely that he would not be able to control his strength if he were to beat Devin up. 
Bang! 
Just when Mark finished his sentence, he heard another smashing sound from the office. Right after that, a low grunt could be heard. 
“I’m warning you, Devin. I would rather beat a b*stard like you to death than let you walk out from this military base!” 
Everyone shuddered upon hearing the brutal and frightening threat from the office.
Devin fell on the floor after withstanding beatings from Jonathan. He then spat out blood from his mouth and smirked. “Sure! Beat me to death then! You’re a weakling if you don’t!” 
“You—” 
This was the most rebellious remark Devin had ever made. 
At that instant, Jonathan lost his rationality. 
He picked up a chair and was about to smash it at Devin. 
However, at that moment, Jonathan met Devin’s sharp gaze, which was filled with hatred, reluctance, and rage. The former was stunned as the chair that was in his hands remained in midair. 
Jonathan had never seen this side of him before. 
This child has always been gentle and humble since young. He has always been obedient and mature in front of me. He’s even known as the role model of the Jadesons. But why is he looking at me like this? 
“Why aren’t you hitting me? Well, it’ll be great if you can beat me to death. I will not be able to head out again and you will be free from all your worries.” 
###Chapter 966
Chapter 966
“What are you talking about?” 
“Am I wrong? You only care about Uncle’s family. You’ve been treating me the same way you treated Dad. I can’t even give up the position and you wanted me dead. Isn’t this what you truly want?” 
He was driven to a corner after all. 
Despite being such a gentle and forgiving person, he was now collapsed on the floor, stroking his crippled leg. His handsome face was dotted with cold sweat and his cheeks were ghastly pale. 
All that was left on his face was a twisted look of hatred and menace. 
Jonathan paled. 
He was so furious that his veins throbbed and his eyes turned bloodshot. However, pointing at Devin, he trembled uncontrollably, unable to say a single word. 
Little did he expect his obedient grandson to develop such a huge misunderstanding. Did I do something wrong this time? 
Jonathan’s chest heaved as he breathed heavily. Fury and sorrow surged through him. His body wavered before he lost grip of the chair in front of him. 
Crash! 
The chair fell onto the floor. 
Devin was surprised.
Everyone outside, including Mark, had their ears perked up. When they heard that noise, they were shocked too. 
What’s going on? 
“Listen, Devin. I’ve never treated your father and your uncle differently. What matters most is how capable they are! Your father always complained that I never spent any effort on him. But has he ever thought of how much responsibility your uncle has to shoulder despite enjoying all that? The military will not pay a huge price to nurture a sniper who can’t even hold a gun. Instead, they’ll choose an extremely talented person. Isn’t that the same logic?” 
After a slight pause, he continued, “Also, I have no idea where you got your information from, saying that I want you to give up your position. Listen up! Ever since I entrusted the Jadesons’ future to you, I’ve never thought of replacing you!” 
Pointing at Devin, Jonathan bellowed the last sentence out while tears welled up in his eyes. 
Devin raised his head abruptly. 
Really? He has never thought of replacing me? 
But that man is so exceptional! He helped the Jadesons turn the tables the moment he came. Everyone in the White House and Jadeborough is intimidated by him. 
Yet, he never thought of replacing me? 
Devin wondered if he had misheard. 
“Did you hear me clearly? This is your life and your responsibility. Don’t ever think of escaping from it, you b*stard!” Jonathan yelled again. His body swayed before he collapsed onto the chair behind him, tears streaming down his cheeks.
Devin was speechless. 
His heart ached terribly as if something had just hit him. He lowered his head. For the past thirty years of his life, he had never shed a single tear no matter the circumstances, yet tears were gushing out of his eyes now. 
This was not something he expected. 
He had always thought that everyone disliked him, just like his father. 
Yet, he was actually the one always doted on. 
“Since we’ve made everything clear, it’s time for me to go.” 
Just when Jonathan and Devin were immersed in the joy of having all their misunderstandings resolved, Sebastian suddenly entered and spoke calmly. 
What? 
When Jonathan heard him, he immediately spun around. 
“Go? Where are you going?” 
“Yeah, Sebastian. Don’t misunderstand! We didn’t mean it.” 
Devin glanced over. When he saw Sebastian, his cheeks, still swollen, paled as he quickly denied what Jonathan told him earlier. 
He still treated Sebastian as his brother and prioritized him. 
However, Sebastian shot him an arrogant glance. An unhappy look flashed across his eyes as he said, “Huh? That’s your responsibility, Devin. It’s the smartest thing I’ve ever heard that old man say…”
Both Jonathan and Devin were speechless. 
After a minute, Devin got up from the ground and dusted his body. “Where are you going? This is your home.” 
“This isn’t my home. The Hayes residence is my home!” Sebastian said expressionlessly. 
Jonathan had just calmed down from his previous turmoil of emotions when the veins on his forehead throbbed again. 
“You—” 
“All right, everyone must be tired. We’re still in the military zone, so let’s talk at home instead. We don’t want to embarrass ourselves in front of the rest, now do we?” Devin quickly interrupted Jonathan. 
After recovering from his tormenting despair, he had already resumed his calm and composed self. Diffusing the tense atmosphere between the two, he coaxed them to go home first. 
###Chapter 967
Chapter 967
Only then did Jonathan snort coldly and stomp away, holding his walking stick. 
Sebastian remained expressionless and was about to leave too when he heard Devin grunt in pain. The latter was dragging his injured leg behind him. 
Sebastian stopped in his tracks before turning around and holding Devin’s arm. 
“Don’t you know how to resist?” 
“What?” 
“You deserve to be beaten to death. How could you just stay motionless like that?” demanded Sebastian coldly. “Do you know your actions are what caused him to develop such a twisted personality?” 
Devin was at a loss for words. 
He glanced at Sebastian and chuckled helplessly. 
I had to endure it. It’s not like I can just retaliate, right? 
The two brothers helped each other out of the military zone. Jonathan and Mark were already gone as they had expected. Before getting into the car, Devin paused. 
“Sebastian, are you really going to return to Avenport?” 
“Yeah.” 
“Why?” He panicked again since neither Jonathan nor anyone from the military was present there.
“Are you still furious about what Grandpa said? Well, if you’d like to be the heir of the Jadesons, I—” 
“I don’t!” Sebastian cut him off. 
“Listen up! I really don’t want to. I was forced to come here, and I’ve never thought of this place as my home. My home is in Avenport, where my parents and the rest of my family are. It’s the place that nurtured me. The same goes for Sasha, understand?” He emphasized every word, reiterating his stance clearly. His tone was heavy and laced with a hint of impatience as Devin kept refusing to believe him. 
He’s never thought of this place as his home after all this time? Devin was speechless, feeling a little upset. However, it was not the time to say anything else. Neither of them spoke on the way to the Red Pavilion. 
Just when Devin was about to get out of the car, Janice walked out to welcome him. 
“Oh, right. About what happened at Coldbridge, that woman from the Woods was merely putting up a show. Don’t fall for their trick,” reminded Sebastian in the car. 
Huh? 
Devin was stunned. 
When he returned to his senses and wanted to clarify what was happening, Sebastian had already driven away. 
An act? How did he know that it was an act? 
According to the surveillance footage, wasn’t he the one who dragged the person in? He was not present, so how did he know that it was an act? 
Devin fell into deep thought.
“What’s wrong, Devin? Are you all right?” 
After a while, he looked at Janice and asked, “Aunt Janice, do you know where the surveillance footage I brought from Coldbridge is?” 
“Huh?” Janice was surprised. “I think Sebastian smashed it with his foot the other day at the entrance.” 
She tried her best to recall what happened that morning when he brought it back. 
Smashed it? If it was just some footage, why did he have to smash it? What made him so furious? 
Devin’s heart pounded rapidly. 
In the evening, Mark came back and told Sasha that Sebastian was bringing them back to Avenport. 
Oh my God! Are we finally going back? 
She was so elated that she did not know what to do. 
Casting her work aside, she dashed into the elevator and rushed up to the third floor. 
Returning to Avenport was her dream. 
For so many years, she had been struggling to hold on for the sake of her fragmented family. She did not even return to that city to visit her aged father, nor call her aunt and uncle. 
No one could even fathom how much she yearned to return home. 
Sasha ran to the bedroom on the third floor. 
“Darling, I heard we’re going back to Avenport. Is that true?” Sasha asked in excitement, panting heavily and staring at Sebastian
Sebastian was in the middle of packing his belongings. When he saw Sasha, he glanced back at the messy closet in front of him. 
“You’ve come at the right time. I’m handing this over to you.” 
He always liked to avoid the question. 
However, after Sasha heard that, she understood what he meant and was overjoyed. 
“Okay! I’ll do it. Just don’t touch anything and leave it to me!” Sasha volunteered to take care of all the packing, surprised and delighted. 
Sebastian was glad that he did not have to do anything. 
Grabbing a random book, he started reading at the desk beside the window. 
As he read, he felt that something was amiss. Someone seemed to be staring at him very intently from the side. 
Sebastian shook his head in resignation. 
“Are you saying that you’re bringing us back to Avenport?” 
Sasha tossed the clothes aside, stood beside him, and stared at him. 
Sebastian froze. 
After a while, he averted his gaze. Still looking as aloof as before, he flipped the pages of the book casually and replied, “Yeah. Don’t you want to go back?” 
###Chapter 968
Chapter 968
“It’s not about whether I want to go back, but…” Sasha was fuming when she came to a realization. Even her fingers were trembling. 
“Why do you want to return to Avenport?” she asked with a quivering voice; her eyes reddened. 
Sebastian’s heart skipped a bit, and he quickly raised his head. 
When he was about to explain himself, he saw tears streaming down Sasha’s cheeks. 
“Have you regained your consciousness a long time ago? Have you been lying to me all along?” 
“No…” 
“Sebastian, you jerk! Have you been lying to me all along? Did you know how much I wished for you to regain your consciousness? Do you have any idea how much effort I’ve put in just to make you recover? How could you lie to me?” 
Sasha was on the brink of a mental breakdown. 
She had pulled herself through such agonizing times and worked so hard, yet Sebastian had chosen to hide it from her after regaining his consciousness, tormenting her even further. 
Sasha spun around and ran away. 
“Darling…” 
Sebastian, who had always been pretending to be calm, finally panicked. He tossed his book aside and chased after her.
However, Sasha ran really quickly. When he rushed out of the bedroom, she took the stairs and was already on the second floor. Even from a floor apart, he could hear her sobs. 
The housemaids downstairs were gossiping about it. “What happened? Did Mr. Jadeson fight with Mrs. Jadeson again?” 
“No way! Mr. Jadeson has already recovered. Why would he still argue with her?” 
“Why is she crying then? I’ve never seen her cry so sadly before. Didn’t you hear her sobs? It’ll be bad if she attracts Old Mr. Jadeson’s attention.” 
Even the housemaids can tell that I’ve recovered. Only that woman is still completely oblivious and she’s even blaming me for not telling her! 
The veins on Sebastian’s forehead throbbed. 
But what can I do about it? She’s my wife. I have to coax her no matter what. Anyway, everything she says is right. Even if it’s not, it’s all my fault! 
Sebastian chased after her. 
Sure enough, when he reached the first floor, Jonathan came out, having heard the commotion. He was standing in front of Sasha, who was crying her heart out. 
“What happened? Why are you crying like that?” 
Sasha continued sobbing. 
It was the first time she had lost her composure in front of Jonathan. 
However, she was so sad that she could not control herself at all.
“He… He lied to me.” 
“He lied to you? What did he lie to you about? Tell me! I’ll teach him a lesson for you.” 
Perhaps because of what Sebastian said in the afternoon about leaving for Avenport, Jonathan was still furious. He was all prepared to deal with Sebastian. 
Sebastian clenched his fists. 
Without saying anything, he suddenly walked over and carried Sasha with his muscular arms. 
“Ah!” 
“Wow!” 
Sasha screamed. 
At the same time, the people watching them exclaimed in shock. 
This is amazing! 
Is it appropriate for them to do this? There are so many people here! How can they act so lovey-dovey in front of all of us? 
Truth be told, Sebastian could not be bothered by any of them. Picking Sasha up, he said to Jonathan expressionlessly, “What happens between us is none of your business.” 
With that, he strode away with Sasha in his arms. 
Jonathan was so furious that he stomped his feet on the ground. 
“That b*stard, he… He…”
“Yes, he’s too outrageous. He’s crossed the line! Calm down, Old Mr. Jadeson. Let’s ignore him and have a cup of coffee instead.” 
Mark had to drag Jonathan away forcefully. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian carried Sasha upstairs and ignored her struggles. He closed the bedroom door behind him, tossed her onto the bed, and pinned his body against hers. 
“Mmm… You jerk…” 
“Yeah, I’m a jerk. But I didn’t do it on purpose! Alfred’s men came that night when I regained consciousness. I had no choice but to play along with their plan. I wanted to avenge Calvin and save the Jadesons. I had no choice, Darling.” 
Pinning her to the bed, he stared at her. His eyes were brimming with guilt and agony. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Is he talking about how he went crazy after being sabotaged at the military base? So he has already recovered back then! 
“Did you know? When I saw you collapse in front of my hospital ward in the mental hospital and vomit blood, I really went crazy. All I wanted to do was barge out and bring you away. I wanted to cast everything aside and leave this hellish place. Did you know, Darling?” he started explaining himself. 
For once, he could finally let out of all these emotions that had been buried deep within his heart. Hugging her head, he lowered his body and buried his face against her neck. 
She could feel his warm tears rolling down her neck. 
Sasha hugged him even tighter.
###Chapter 969
Chapter 969
This was the first time he poured his heart out to her. 
He was too powerful and lonely. Not trusting anyone in this world, he was used to burying all his emotions in the depth of his heart. He refused to let anyone notice anything—not even those closest to him. 
He was unwilling to portray his most vulnerable side. 
Hence, by telling Sasha all that, he had made up his mind. 
Sasha sighed as she held him. All the blame and resentment she felt disappeared shortly. 
“I’m not blaming you… I just want you to recover so badly.” 
“I know… I know…” 
Sebastian raised his head from her neck. 
As he cupped her cheeks and stared at her, his passionate gaze landed on her lips. 
Before Sasha could react, she felt the warm puff of his breath against her face. Soon, her lips were covered by his. 
“Darling, I want to hear you call me Sebby…” 
After a slight pause, she relented. “Sebby…” 
Jonathan agreed to let Sasha and the rest return to Avenport.
However, he requested they come back more often to visit. 
That was not a problem. After all, Jonathan was Sebastian’s grandfather and the children’s great- grandfather. It was only right for them to visit him. 
“Don’t worry, Grandpa. Even if he doesn’t come, I’ll bring the kids along to visit you,” Sasha said, feeling bad when she noticed the old man’s reluctant gaze. 
This time, she even called him “Grandpa.” 
When Jonathan heard that, he paused for a while. His eyes turned redder as he gazed at the children. 
“It’s fine, Great-grandpa! We can video call each other every day. Have you kept the iPad I gave you?” 
Matteo was a smart child. After noticing what was going on, he stopped playing and ran toward Jonathan. 
Jonathan beamed brightly when he saw Matteo. 
“I did. As long as it’s something given by my great-grandson, I’ll definitely keep it safely.” 
He pulled Matteo into his arms. Seeing how sweaty Matteo was, he lifted his sleeve and wiped Matteo’s forehead. 
He was no different from any other old man when it came to doting on his great-grandchild. 
Smiling, Matteo gazed back at him. “That’s good! We’ll call you using the iPad, so you can see at any time.” 
“Really?” 
“Of course! It’s only for you. Also…”
A mysterious look crossed Matteo’s face. 
When Jonathan saw that, he tilted his head over affectionately. 
“I installed an app on the iPad. As long as you click on it and connect to it, you can see what’s going on in our house.” 
“Really?” Jonathan’s eyes lit up. 
Vivian ran over as well. Despite seeing Matteo talking to Jonathan, she did not care at all as she climbed up to the bench Jonathan was sitting on and poked her chubby face out. 
“Yeah, Great-grandpa! You can see me too.” 
“I’m so happy that I can see our cute little Vivian too!” 
Jonathan felt as though his heart had melted upon seeing her. Stretching his arms out, he carried the chubby Vivian to the front. A wide grin spread across his cheeks, replacing the grim look on his face earlier. 
Watching from the side, Sasha smiled and turned around. 
Jonathan might have a lot of flaws, but he genuinely doted on the children. 
She returned to the living room. 
“Mr. Steward has already arrived with Madam Janice, Mrs. Jadeson.” 
“Okay.” 
Sasha was about to head upstairs to pack her belonging. However, when she heard that, she hurried to the entrance to welcome the guests.
She saw Janice walking in anxiously with Mark. Occasionally, she would whisper something beside Mark’s ear to ask him something. 
“Mark, are these really Old Mr. Jadeson’s instructions? I’m… I’m afraid that I’m not up for the job.” 
“Yeah, Old Mr. Jadeson instructed me personally to fetch you here. Don’t worry, he has always thought highly of you. Now that Mrs. Jadeson is leaving, it’s expected that he wants you to take care of Oceanic Estate for now,” Mark reassured her. 
Only then did Janice feel more relieved. However, her anxiety was still obvious from her tightly clasped hands. 
Sasha stood at the entrance. When Janice approached her, she smiled and greeted, “You’ve come, Aunt Janice.” 
Janice walked forward briskly upon spotting Sasha. Unable to understand why, she grabbed Sasha’s arm and asked anxiously. “Yeah! What’s going on, Sasha? Why are all of you going back all of a sudden? Isn’t it fine staying here?” 
###Chapter 970
Chapter 970
Janice had enjoyed spending time with Sasha and did not treat her like an outsider. She questioned Sasha worriedly, like a family member. 
Sasha led her in. 
“It’s Sebastian’s idea. Besides, our home is in Avenport. My father, uncle and the rest are there. There are many people in the Hayes family waiting for him too.” 
“But…” 
Although Janice was still unwilling to let Sasha go, she could not say anything more. 
Half an hour ago, Sasha had taken out the Jadesons’ ledger that she had compiled from her room. When she passed it to Janice, she reassured her, “Don’t worry. I’ve already listed out the income and expenses in Oceanic Estate. You just have to follow them.” 
“But…” Janice looked at the new ledgers; a look of unease and fear appeared on her face. “Will… Will they listen to me?” 
They? Is she talking about those in The Ataraxy? 
Smiling, Sasha consoled her, “Of course! Old Mr. Jadeson appointed you personally and I’ve already set the framework for you. No one will dare to disobey you.” 
“But—”
“It’s fine, Aunt Janice. I’ve already laid out the foundation. Now, it’s up to you how you’d like to proceed from here.” 
A young girl, who was so much younger than Janice, was telling her that while holding the ledgers. 
Janice suddenly froze, paralyzed to the spot. 
A chill ran down her spine as if she had just been plunged into an icy lake. Her mind went blank and her cheeks turned ghastly pale. 
I… I actually… 
“Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone. Gossamer Creek has been oppressed for such a long time. Days must’ve been tough for all of you. I understand your desire to take this step and fight on behalf of your branch family.” 
Still silent, Janice stared at Sasha with wide eyes, looking as timid as a cornered prey. 
Sasha placed the ledger on the table, turned around, and left. 
After hearing what Sasha said, Janice trembled even more. 
She had never expected such a young girl to notice her intentions, which she had tried her best to conceal. 
All these years, not even Jonathan could discover her motivations. He thought that she was spending so much effort taking care of him only because she wanted to secure more resources for her son, Kingston. 
In reality, her son actually did receive a lot more opportunities than the others in the branch families. 
“I… I’m not that ambitious. I just witnessed how life in Gossamer Creek is so drastically different from that at The Ataraxy. Furthermore, we kept being oppressed and bullied by them… That’s why I decided
to take this step. Sasha, I have no intention of becoming the lady of the house. All… All I want is to help out so that Old Mr. Jadeson will notice us at Gossamer Creek! Believe me, Sasha!” 
Janice grabbed Sasha’s arm agitatedly as she spoke. 
Sasha did not know what to make of it. 
She tugged her arm out forcefully and glanced at Janice. 
“I said I understand you. I don’t blame you either. Now that you’ve achieved your goal, I hope you’ll do a good job and not disappoint Old Mr. Jadeson.” 
Janice felt as though she had just been slapped in the face. 
Standing there and blushing, she stared at her arm, which had just been flung away. She could not utter a single word. 
No matter how she tried to explain, nothing could hide the fact that it was her sole ive. 
She thought that Sasha would be a gullible young lady. However, in reality, she herself was like a clown putting on a terrible act. 
Hugging those ledgers, Janice left awkwardly. 
Sasha continued packing her luggage. 
A few minutes later, Olivia brought some dessert for her. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, will she do a good job at The Ataraxy?” 
As Olivia had been working for the Jadesons for a long time, she knew well what was going on with the family.
While eating the dessert, Sasha laughed. “Why? Are you worried about her, Olivia?” 
Olivia pouted. “You know how challenging The Ataraxy is. Jocelyn and Shirley aren’t easy to deal with. Amelia, who has been with Jared Jadeson for a long time, isn’t someone to be trifled with either.” 
Since those from The Ataraxy were not present and Olivia was close to Sasha, she named those people directly. 
Jocelyn and Shirley? And another housemaid? 
Licking the sweet dessert on her lips, she smirked mockingly. 
If Janice could not even deal with those people, she would not have been able to rise to her current position. Since she could endure all the humiliation for such a long time, she was definitely not someone to be trifled with as well. 
###Chapter 971
Chapter 971
“Don’t worry, Olivia. She’ll find a way.” 
“Really?” 
Olivia was still doubtful. 
She did not dare to believe that Janice, who had always been so timid, was capable enough to deal with those shrewish women. 
However, Janice, who brought the ledger and checks over that afternoon, accomplished everything successfully. 
Despite the fact that Jocelyn, Shirley, and Jared hated her guts, she still managed to do everything. 
Were it not for the person she suddenly bumped into when she left the house, it would have been the most perfect day for her. 
“I’ve always wondered why a country bumpkin like you kept trying to enter Oceanic Estate. Turns out that this is your plan! You’re quite ambitious, huh?” 
The woman who stopped Janice at the entrance was wearing a blue coat. Her hair was permed fashionably and her make-up was exquisite. 
With a sharp look in her eyes, she blocked Janice’s way while holding a luxurious bag. 
When Janice saw her, the smile on her face disappeared at once. 
“C-Candice? You’re out already?” 
“Yeah, I’m out. Why? Aren’t you happy to see me?”
Candice took a step forward and stared at Janice viciously. 
Sasha did not care about that. 
After packing her luggage, she headed to the hospital to fetch Sebastian. 
That was her arrangement. After knowing that he had recovered yesterday, she was overjoyed. However, as she was still worried, she made an appointment with Grayson to give Sebastian a full checkup. 
He should be done with it already. 
“Hello? Are you done, Sebby?” 
“I’m done.” 
A clear and masculine voice sounded from the phone. Hearing his charming voice, Sasha felt as though she was falling in love again. 
“All right. I’ll come over to pick you up.” 
Delighted, she grabbed her car keys and headed out. She was rushing out so happily that she was oblivious to her children teasing her from behind. 
“Is Mommy going on a date with Daddy?” 
“Of course!” Matteo affirmed Vivian’s question unhesitatingly. 
Ian, on the other hand, remained silent. 
However, given how focused he was on his game, it was clear that he agreed too. After all, he could only immerse himself in the game completely if he was not distracted by anything else.
Matteo was defeated by him badly. 
After forty minutes, Sasha arrived at Grayson’s office in the hospital. 
“Dr. Wallen, how is he? Is he all right?” she asked anxiously the moment she arrived. 
Grayson shot a glance at Sebastian, who was flipping through a thick medical textbook. He felt a shiver run down his spine. 
“He’s fine! What could possibly happen to him? He’s fully recovered.” 
“That’s great!” 
When Sasha heard that, she heaved a huge sigh of relief and felt delighted. 
He has completely recovered! 
She brought Sebastian out of Grayson’s office. 
“Sebby, we—” 
“Wait! I heard that you’re going back to Avenport. Someone would like to see you. Do you mind?” Grayson, who had chased after them, asked abruptly. 
Someone? 
Sasha turned around. “Who? Who wants to meet him?” 
Grayson replied hesitatingly, “Alfred…” 
As he said the name, he subconsciously hid the book Sebastian was reading earlier behind his back.
He was worried that Sebastian would steal it and use it for some illicit activities. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Alfred wants to meet him? What on earth is happening? 
She immediately glanced at Sebastian. 
Surprisingly, he was extremely calm, as if he had just heard something completely irrelevant. He replied curtly, “No.” 
“Huh? You don’t want to meet him?” A disappointed look crossed Grayson’s face. 
That’s weird. Since when is he involved with Alfred? He’s just a doctor, but why does it feel like he knows everyone here? 
Sasha was quite curious. 
“Do you know Alfred, Dr. Wallen? If he wants to meet Sebastian, why did he ask you to pass the message?” 
“Well…” 
Grayson felt a bit embarrassed. 
In fact, he did not know Alfred that well. 
The reason why he was the messenger was that Alfred was not allowed to meet anyone after being arrested. Furthermore, as the director of the hospital, Grayson would be appointed by the White House to check up on special patients. 
That was why Alfred had asked him to pass on the message.
“Anyway, I think it’s better that you meet him. He’s going to be sent to the Chief Prosecutor’s office soon. Once his charges have been confirmed, he will probably be stuck there forever.”
###Chapter 972
Chapter 972
In the end, Grayson didn’t explain any further and simply reminded them that he would be stuck there forever. 
Stuck there forever… Does that mean he has something to tell Sebastian, the person who personally sent him to prison? 
Sasha couldn’t seem to understand that logic. 
“Do you want to go, Sebby?” 
“You want me to?” Sebastian gave in at last, but he wasn’t sure if Sasha wanted him to be there. 
Sasha felt a warm sensation in her heart upon hearing that. 
“The fact that he wants you to see him now makes me wonder if he has something to tell you about the Jadesons. Since we’ll be heading back soon, it wouldn’t hurt to go hear him out,” Sasha said in a serious and rational manner. 
That is indeed possible. Alfred and the Jadesons have always been sworn enemies, so why else would he want to see a Jadeson after being arrested? 
Sebastian frowned at the thought of that but agreed to it in the end. 
The two of them then left the hospital and headed toward the White House. 
Of course, Sasha wasn’t allowed inside the White House and could only wait outside while Sebastian entered. 
While waiting, she got a call from Olivia telling her that Janice had been attacked at The Ataraxy and that the ledgers she brought over had been ripped to shreds.
What? Ripped to shreds? Was Janice really unable to stop them? 
Sasha instantly went livid with rage. A quick glance at her watch showed that it was still early, so she started up her car and drove straight to The Ataraxy. 
Hmph! Let’s see how crazy those guys really are! 
In the White House, Sebastian avoided the members of congress with the help of an official from the Cabinet Council who escorted him directly to where Alfred was being detained. 
Due to the dishonorable nature of the president’s crimes, Alfred was not allowed to show himself in public. 
Even if he ended up being sentenced to prison, he would still be transported there secretly. 
“Alfred White, you have a visitor!” the guard shouted rudely when he saw Sebastian arrive at the door. 
Alfred used to be addressed as “Sir” or “Mr. White,” but now he’s being addressed by his full name… Sebastian thought to himself as he stood at the door with an emotionless look on his face. 
The way he looked closely resembled a certain someone that Alfred knew a long time ago. 
“You look very much like your dad,” he said in a hoarse voice after staring at Sebastian with his white hair all messy. 
Sebastian arched an eyebrow at him in response. 
“You didn’t have me come here just to tell me that, did you?” 
“Of course, there are two reasons I wanted you to come over. First of all, I want to see what Shin’s son looks like. And secondly, I want to tell you that you didn’t actually win.”
Alfred, who looked like he had aged ten years, suddenly broke into a manic cackle, only to start coughing from it moments later. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes as he had already expected Alfred to say that. 
Not wanting to waste any more of his time, Sebastian was about to leave when Alfred called out to him once again, “Don’t believe me? No problem, just wait another two weeks and see who wins the new presidential election!” 
Oh? Now this is interesting. 
Sebastian stopped in his tracks, not because he was interested in what he heard, but because he wanted to tell Alfred something in response. 
“Whoever wins the election has nothing to do with me, Alfred. Not everyone enjoys being in this circle like you, you know? Don’t you know I’m already planning to leave?” 
“What?” 
Alfred had a look of shock on his face when he heard that. 
“You’re leaving? Aren’t you going to become the heir to the Jadesons?” 
“Why should I?” 
“But… But…” 
Alfred was in so much shock that he couldn’t even speak properly. He had wanted to say that it was a perfect opportunity for Sebastian to enter the White House as the heir to the Jadesons, but the words were stuck in his throat.
After staring blankly at Sebastian for a moment, Alfred came to a sudden realization and began laughing maniacally again. 
“Hahahaha… So, the Jadesons are planning to let Devin be the heir? Hahahaha… This is great!” 
Alfred was so happy that he even shed tears of joy, but the look on Sebastian’s face had slowly turned gloomy.
###Chapter 973
Chapter 973
Eventually, Sebastian lost his cool and grabbed Alfred by the collar as he shouted, “What the hell are you trying to say?” 
Alfred’s face turned purplish red from the pressure on his neck. 
“What do you mean? I thought you weren’t interested in what I have to say? You said none of this has anything to do with you, right? Hahahaha…” 
He began cackling madly once again but was interrupted by a strong punch to the face. 
Alfred screamed as his gold-rimmed glasses were knocked off his face, and blood was flowing out of his mouth. 
“I’m warning you! You’d better not try anything funny or I’ll kill you and your other son!” 
The look in Sebastian’s eyes was so vicious and scary that he looked like a demon straight from hell. 
My other son? 
Alfred shuddered. He regained his composure and instantly stopped laughing out of fear. 
“H-How did you know about that?” 
“Why wouldn’t I? I’ll have you know that I have information on all of your family members, so you’d better not have any funny ideas or he’ll be the first to die!” Sebastian said with an eerie and sinister tone as he stared him down. 
Alfred began trembling a lot more severely after hearing that. 
Very few people in the White House knew about his other son as he had to break up with his girlfriend back then and marry his current wife.
He thought he could just forget about her and move on, but she turned out to be pregnant and gave birth to her child secretly. 
Alfred’s wife had also given birth to Baylor at the same time, but the doctors said he was born with a congenital deficiency and wouldn’t live past thirty. 
Alfred was incredibly upset by that incident, so he was caught off guard by the good news that followed. 
As such, he had the mother and child secretly protected over the years. No one knew the president was actually the head of two families because he kept the other one hidden from everyone. 
“Don’t touch him! What do you want to know? I’ll tell you everything!” Alfred admitted defeat and gave in at last. 
He did this to himself by trying to pick a fight with me even when he’s doomed! None of this would’ve happened if he didn’t ask to see me today! Sebastian sneered at the thought of that as he let go of him. 
“What did you mean by that? Are you saying that there’s someone else instructing you?” 
“Yes!” 
“Who?” 
“I wouldn’t be in this position now if I knew!” 
Alfred broke into a wry smile as he said that, and Sebastian’s frown deepened in response. 
How could the president himself not know who it is?
The look on Sebastian’s face turned grim, and he was emanating an icy-cold aura as he asked, “Then what did you mean by that? Why were you so happy when you heard about Devin being the heir to the Jadesons?” 
“Because Devin is easy meat. Can’t you tell? I was sent to keep you Jadesons in check to begin with, so we’re both practically being used as pawns. Because of Jonathan’s huge contribution over his many years of military service, I had to step up and keep him on a tight leash. Do you really think the White House is just going to let you Jadesons hog everything to yourself now that I’m going down?” 
Sebastian stood frozen in place for about ten seconds, staring silently at the cunning middle-aged man before him. 
It was the first time he had heard of a power struggle like this, especially one that was started by the two core forces within the circle. 
Sebastian didn’t really know much about politics, but he found those who engaged in a political power play to be ten times more disgusting than the cunning businessmen he usually dealt with. 
Money was the only thing at stake for corporate power struggles, but political power struggles were a threat to both national security and the interests of its people. 
Enraged, Sebastian grabbed the nearest chair and smashed it to pieces in front of Alfred. 
“Listen up, Alfred! You’d better tell that person that he’s playing with fire here. Jonathan could remain in his position of power for so many years because he ensured the country’s safety for decades! If he goes down, you’re all going down with him!” he shouted furiously before leaving the room and slamming the door shut behind him.
###Chapter 974
Chapter 974
Although Jonathan’s family is a total mess, his contribution to the country’s safety is undeniably the greatest of all. All of his soldiers have fought and bled for the country’s sake for decades! Practically everyone in the country looks up to him! There’s no way he’d fall victim to such a conspiracy unless he chose to! 
Alfred stared blankly at Sebastian’s back as he stormed off and let out a wry chuckle when he finally disappeared from his sight. 
“You’ve raised one hell of a son, Shin. It’s a shame he hates this career path like you did. With his capability and smarts, those guys wouldn’t stand a chance at all!” 
Sebastian thought Sasha would be waiting for him outside, only to realize she was gone. 
“Mr. Jadeson is out, Old Mr. Jadeson!” 
Mark had been waiting in front of an old-fashioned black car for quite a long time, and he began yelling excitedly while waving his arms the moment he saw Sebastian. 
The look on Sebastian’s face grew increasingly gloomy as he made his way toward the car. 
An old man then stepped out of the car with a walking stick in hand. 
“I heard you went to see Alfred. What did he tell you? Why did you come alone without telling me? Do you know what this place is?” Jonathan shouted the moment he saw Sebastian, much to Mark’s horror. 
What the… Didn’t Old Mr. Jadeson agree to keep his cool and question Sebastian calmly when we came over? Jeez… 
“Calm down, Old Mr. Jadeson. Mr. Jadeson is—”
“What are you so afraid of? I’m standing here just fine, aren’t I?” Sebastian’s cold voice cut him off before he could finish his sentence. 
Both Mark and Jonathan froze upon hearing that, as that was the first time they had gotten such a response from him. 
The three of them then got into the old-fashioned car. Sebastian seemed obviously displeased as he had gotten used to his more luxurious cars. 
“Sorry, Mr. Jadeson… This is the kind of ride Old Mr. Jadeson usually takes.” 
After a few seconds of silence, Sebastian asked, “Who told you I was here? Where’s Sasha?” 
He was a lot more concerned about her, but Mark knew nothing about Sasha’s whereabouts. 
Grayson had given them a call out of concern for his safety after the two of them left the hospital. 
Sebastian then grabbed his phone and called her immediately after hearing that. 
“Hello, Sebby!” Sasha’s gentle and clear voice was heard on the other line, and it seemed to have eased the tension in the car significantly. 
The frown on Sebastian’s face relaxed slightly as he asked, “Where did you go? Why didn’t you wait for me outside?” 
“Huh? Oh, I’m sorry, Sebby! I got a call from Olivia earlier. She said Janice ran into some problems here at The Ataraxy.” 
“The Ataraxy?” 
Sebastian’s expression went back to its gloomy state when Sasha mentioned that place.
That place is nothing but trouble… 
“Yeah! It’s fine, Sebby. Janice was just having some difficulty figuring out a couple of things, so I came over to give her a hand! Don’t worry, okay?” 
She really didn’t want Sebastian to worry as she was actually standing in the yard of The Ataraxy with one foot on a vase that had been kicked over while grabbing Janice’s braided ponytail with her free hand. 
In the end, Sebastian believed her and hung up after a brief exchange. 
The smile on Sasha’s face vanished after she put her phone away, and her expression returned to being icy-cold again. 
“Candice, you can forget about getting a single cent out of Oceanic Estate if you dare whip me!” 
“Oh? Is that so?” Candice asked with a sneer. 
The next thing Sasha knew, she felt a stinging sensation on her palm as Candice snatched the whip from her and lashed Janice hard with it. 
Crack! 
“Ah!” 
Being a weak and frail woman, Janice let out a loud cry and collapsed with her hands covering her cheeks. 
Moments later, blood began flowing out of the gaps between her fingers.
###Chapter 975
Chapter 975
What a vile woman! 
Instead of helping Janice to her feet, Sasha got so mad that she just shouted at Candice, “You’ve gone too far, Candice! You like to play rough, eh? Fine, I’ll give you rough!” 
With a gesture from her eyes, a couple of heavily armed security guards came running into The Ataraxy. 
“What are your orders, Madam?” 
“Take her back to Oceanic Estate!” Sasha barked the order while pointing at Candice. 
Everyone at The Ataraxy was shocked, including Jared who jumped from his chair. 
This b*tch brought those men with her? 
“She’s my daughter! How dare you take her to Oceanic Estate?” 
Sasha simply sneered as she replied coldly, “I’m the lady of the house, and I’m currently in charge of the Jadeson family. Is that good enough of a reason for you?” 
Everyone instantly went pale in disbelief. 
Janice had come over while Sasha was still the lady of the Jadeson family and was currently being held captive by Sasha. 
They were boldly roughing her up so she would hand the rights over to them, but she turned out to not have the actual rights at all. 
Candice went pale as well and tightened her grip on the whip instinctively when she saw the guards approach her.
She was prepared to make a desperate final struggle, but the Oceanic Estate’s guards were highly trained professionals. 
Candice had merely raised the whip when one of the guards lunged at her and snatched it out of her hands. 
The guard then ripped it in two with a violent tug. 
Snap! 
Candice was dumbfounded. “You… You…” 
Not wanting to give her a chance to speak, Sasha quickly ordered, “Stop wasting your time with her and just take her back to Old Mr. Jadeson! Let’s see how he feels about her running around causing havoc like this!” 
The guards then took her away while everyone else in the yard watched on in silence. 
Sasha cast a cold glance at the messy yard behind her before grabbing the checkbook with her bloody hand. 
She didn’t leave them with a single check as she found them unworthy of it. 
Sebastian and the others had arrived at Oceanic Estate before Sasha did, and he was having a conversation in Jonathan’s study at the time. 
“Oh my goodness! You’re injured! Come, let me bandage that wound!” 
Olivia felt her heart ache when she saw Sasha’s injury and rushed over anxiously with a first aid kit. 
Sasha eyed her wound which wasn’t really deep and reassured her, “I’m fine, it’s just a little cut. By the way, what is Mr. Jadeson doing in Old Mr. Jadeson’s study? Did something happen?”
She was really worried about the two hot-tempered men being together. 
“They came back together. Did you not know that?” Olivia looked surprised. 
“Huh?” 
It was Sasha’s turn to be surprised. 
They came back together? Does that mean Jonathan went to the White House too? If that’s the case, what are they talking about in the study? Could it be about Sebastian going to see Alfred? 
Sasha felt so uneasy that she couldn’t even be bothered to tend to the two women she brought back with her. 
She was treating her wound in her bedroom on the third floor when she heard footsteps coming from outside, and she saw Sebastian when she opened the door. 
“Sebby, you’re back?” 
As if all of her worries were gone in that instant, she threw herself at him and hugged him tightly around the waist. 
Sebastian was about to reach out to hug her back when he caught a whiff of antiseptic on her and scanned the room behind her. 
“You’re injured? What happened? Let me see.” 
The look in his eyes grew cold when he noticed the bloodied bandages, and he quickly pried her off him, only to notice her hand all wrapped up.
###Chapter 976
Chapter 976
“What happened to you?” 
“N-Nothing… I hurt myself by accident on the way back, that’s all!” Sasha stammered in response to his sudden glare. 
What kind of accident would result in a nasty wound like this? Sebastian thought to himself with a frown. 
Since she refused to tell him the truth, he chose not to press her for answers and led her into the bedroom after taking a quick glance at her hand. 
“You messed up the bandages. I’ll re-do it for you.” 
“Okay,” Sasha agreed immediately when she saw that he had stopped pressuring her for an explanation. 
“What did Alfred tell you when you saw him at the White House earlier, Sebby? I heard Old Mr. Jadeson went over too. Did something happen?” she asked while holding out her hand. 
“No, don’t worry about it,” Sebastian calmly reassured her and kept his head low as he focused on wrapping her hand up. 
Sasha felt relieved when she heard that. 
“What did he tell you, then?” 
“He asked me about his son. He wanted to know if I was the one causing trouble behind the scenes,” Sebastian lied as naturally as he breathed while bandaging her hand up like a gentleman. 
Due to his intelligence, Sasha had no choice but to believe him whenever he lied to her.
She asked him about returning to Avenport when he was done patching her up, and Sebastian gave her a decisive reply this time. “We leave tomorrow. I’ve had Karl prepare a private jet for us, so we’ll fly straight to Avenport.” 
“Okay!” 
Sasha was overjoyed. She threw herself into his embrace, nuzzling against his chest and kissing him happily on the lips. 
As his wife had taken the initiative, it was only natural for Sebastian to respond passionately in kind. 
The housemaids at Oceanic Estate realized the two of them spending most of the afternoon upstairs that day. 
Meanwhile, Jonathan was furious as he confronted Candice for her actions at The Ataraxy. 
“You never fail to surprise me, Candice! I can’t believe you’ve changed so much over a year! You went from being a mature and obedient person to some bloodthirsty lunatic fighting on the frontlines! What, was your behavior in the past just a pretense?” he yelled angrily at Candice who was kneeling before him. 
Had Jared not rushed over from The Ataraxy to beg him for mercy, Jonathan might have had his men break her legs on the spot. 
“N-No, Uncle Jonathan… Please, listen to me… I’m not that kind of person!” 
Candice went pale from his questioning, but her cunning nature pushed her to deny it even though all evidence had been presented to her. 
“What I did before was wrong, and I’ve already been locked up for half a year because of it, but… I’m not at fault this time! My sisters-in-law told me Oceanic Estate has reduced their monthly allowance to
500 thousand. That’s why I came rushing over!” 
“500 thousand?” 
Jonathan was shocked by the number she mentioned. 
500 thousand? Didn’t every family receive about five million in the past? Why did Sasha cut it to a mere tenth of the original amount after taking over? 
Fortunately, Mark happened to be standing beside them. He explained, “Madam only adjusted the amount after conducting a check on The Ataraxy’s expenses over the years, Old Mr. Jadeson.” 
“But isn’t that too big of an adjustment? I remember it being about four to five million in the past!” 
“That is true, but Madam found out that they only needed 500 thousand for their living expenses. The rest of the money was used for their businesses. Now that they are no longer doing any business, Madam said 500 thousand was all they should be given.” 
Jonathan went livid with rage upon hearing that. 
Business? What business? One of them was selling drugs, and the other nearly f*cked the entire Jadeson family over with the drama at the military base! 
“Even 500 thousand is excessive for you failures! You only deserve to get 100 thousand!” Jonathan shouted with his eyes wide. 
“Uncle Jonathan…” 
“Jonathan!” 
Jared and Candice both called out to him at the same time.
100 thousand? We’d starve to death with that amount of allowance! 
Jared was panicking so much that he couldn’t even be bothered to help Candice beg for mercy. “Jonathan, we can’t possibly survive with just 100 thousand! We need to spend at least tens of thousands each day!” 
Jonathan was so mad that he yelled at the top of his lungs, “Why can’t you if the folks over at Gossamer Creek can? What the hell are you guys even spending the money on anyway? Even us here at Oceanic Estate don’t spend that much! What kind of extravagant life are you all living?” 
He had long since been trained in frugality after decades of military service, which was made obvious by the looks of his car. 
Jared fell silent and could only stare helplessly at his daughter. 
After a brief pause, he clenched his teeth and knelt down before Jonathan as the last resort. 
“What are you—” 
“Okay, we’ll go with 100 thousand, but could you at least spare Candice? I’ve lost both of my sons and three of my grandchildren! I can’t go on if I lose my daughter too!” 
He had a bright idea and pleaded for his daughter’s safety in exchange for the huge cut in allowance. 
Jonathan’s attitude softened as the tragedies that befell his brother had indeed pained his heart. 
He was about to agree to Jared’s request when his phone vibrated from an incoming text message. 
Little B*stard: If she walks out of this house today, I’ll have her chopped up and fed to the dogs tomorrow!
###Chapter 977
Chapter 977
In the end, Jonathan did not let Candice go. 
Aside from revoking her rights to claiming her allowance from Oceanic Estate as a member of The Ataraxy, he also ordered Mark to send her to The Substratum. 
The Substratum was an impoverished and remote place. Whoever sent there would have a hard life. 
“No, no, Uncle Jonathan. I’m sorry… I’m sorry. Please give me another chance, Uncle Jonathan…” On all fours, Candice implored Jonathan pitifully. 
However, Jonathan shoved her aside with a kick. 
“I’ve given you a chance. You made a huge mistake last time, and you were locked up for half a year. Yet, you didn’t learn from your mistake, and you expect me to give you another chance? Take her away!” Jonathan cried. 
“Yes, Old Mr. Jadeson,” someone answered. 
“One more thing. Keep a close eye on her. Once she has been sent away, she’s forbidden to return to Jadeborough without my permission. Or else, all of you will be subjected to punishment by military law!” Jonathan even threatened his men with military law. 
He was very loud, and everyone in the building could hear him. 
As such, the wailing woman was dragged away. 
That night, Sasha was packing her children’s clothes. Suddenly, Vivian came over with her Barbie doll in her arms. “Are we going back soon, Mommy?” 
“Yes, tomorrow.” Sasha caressed her daughter’s little head. The latter’s hair was damp after a bath.
Panic flashed in Vivian’s large, watery eyes. “What should I do now? My teacher said that she will organize a farewell party for me with my classmates, as I’ll be going back soon.” 
“Huh?” It was Sasha’s turn to be surprised. What a thoughtful school to organize a farewell party for their student! 
Sasha was at a loss. 
At once, she turned to her two sons who were playing video games. “Matt, Little Ian, is it true? Did you have a farewell party in your class?” 
“Yeah, but we declined it.” Matteo, who was enjoying himself immensely, answered the question with a nonchalant grin. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Vivian, who had her doll in her arms, looked like she was about to weep. Sasha immediately put down the clothes and hugged her. 
“Okay, okay. Mommy will ask your teacher about it. If she organized the party especially for you, Mommy will discuss with Daddy about going back a day later. Is that all right?” Sasha asked. 
“All right.” Finally, the little girl laughed. 
This was the difference between girls and boys. 
Boys usually did not care much about this sort of thing, especially Matteo and Ian. They were extremely intelligent and already knew that the school teachers organized the farewell party to appease the Jadesons. 
Thus, they rejected the offer on the spot.
However, Vivian was different. She was innocent and naive. Moreover, she was a meticulous person. Therefore, she appreciated that her teacher decided to host this event for her. 
After tucking the children in bed, Sasha told Sebastian about this matter. 
“A party? Do schools still do these things?” Sebastian was puzzled. 
“Yes, I spoke to the teacher just now, and she did make this arrangement. She said that she had no other intentions. Vivian’s leaving soon, and her classmates miss her. So, she decided to organize this farewell party,” Sasha explained. 
“Do they have to do that? It’s not like Vivian has spent much time at that school.” As expected, Sebastian seemed dismissive about the idea. He displayed an indifferent expression like his two sons. 
Eventually, he agreed to the idea. 
Vivian was the apple of his eye. He would give his daughter the world to make her happy. 
“We shall leave a day later, then. Coincidentally, I need to look for Devin. Take the kids to school tomorrow. I’ll pick you up once I’ve settled the matters at hand,” Sebastian said. 
“Devin?” Sasha was stunned by his worried expression. “Where are you going to look for him? Isn’t he at home?” 
“No. He went out yesterday and didn’t return today. It’s all right. He might be at the military base. I’ll pay him a visit and come back after I’ve clarified everything with him,” he explained briefly. 
In fact, that was what Sebastian believed. They have already discussed the matter, and Devin had no reason to disappear out of the blue again. If he was not in Red Pavilion, he should be held up by his work at the military base.
However, little did Sebastian know that he was wrong this time. 
“Devin, you’ve been sitting here for a whole day. Are you all right? What on earth did you see in the video?” At dawn, Jake drove back to West Bank Hotel in Coldbridge. When he arrived, Devin was still sitting in his hotel and did not move a muscle. 
Naturally, Jake felt a bit anxious. 
To be precise, Jake was stricken with anxiety ever since they got the videotape last night, and Devin locked himself in the room after watching the footage.
###Chapter 978
Chapter 978
Jake had started to panic by then. 
Nevertheless, he got the room key from the hotel and opened the door. 
When the door opened, however, he realized that Devin had not moved, as if he had been fused to the chair. 
Jake, who had been watching over Devin yesterday, was even more worried. What on earth did he see in the surveillance footage? What would make a calm and collected man react in this manner? 
He wondered whether he should tell Sebastian about this. 
“Devin, you…” Jake said. 
“What’s the time now?” He was rather surprised to hear the other man’s voice. 
Devin had been sitting in the chair for more than ten hours. When he finally muttered huskily with bloodshot eyes, it seemed like he had retrieved his voice from the void. 
Jake was stunned. 
A few seconds later, he regained his senses and checked his watch. “It’s almost seven in the morning. There are a number of phone calls at Red Pavilion, saying that Sebastian’s looking for you. Do you want to head back, Devin?” 
“Okay.” Devin nodded. 
Then, Jake watched as he got up from the chair. He squeezed the tape in his hands. Without warning, he tossed it out of the window. 
The tape fell out of the tall building.
“What… What are you doing, Devin? Why did you throw it away? That’s the last original footage, and we spent a long time finding it. There’s nothing left after you throw it away.” Jake felt exasperated. 
He rushed to the windowsill. Unfortunately, the tape had landed on the ground below, and it was smashed to smithereens. 
Devin has gone mad! Yesterday, he was the one who was hell-bent on finding this thing. Today, he’s also the one who throws it away. What the hell is he trying to do? 
“Devin, can you tell me something? What the hell did you see in the footage? Is it exactly as Ms. Shanae said? Never mind, then. Don’t marry her if you don’t want to. We’ll help you!” Jake said. 
He thought what the woman said was true, which was the reason for Devin’s fury. 
After that, Jake began to console Devin. 
He even brought up Sebastian and said that they would help him. 
Yet, Devin ignored him. As soon as he discarded the tape, it seemed like a burden had been lifted off his shoulders. He heaved a sigh and walked away. 
Jake was at a loss for words. 
Then, he followed Devin. 
He still did not understand him, even though he knew him for many years. It was Jake’s first time seeing Devin behave in this manner, and it perplexed him. 
Finally, the two of them left Coldbridge by car. 
They reached Jadeborough a little after ten in the morning, and they headed straight for the Red Pavilion.
“You’re finally back, Mr. Jadeson. Mr. Sebastian is looking for you and has phoned up numerous times. He has gone to the military base,” the housemaid said. 
“Huh?” Jake was astonished when he heard the housemaid’s words. 
“Why is Sebastian looking for you? He even went to the military base. Is something going on? He has never done this before,” he addressed Devin. 
It was strange, indeed, for Sebastian seldom looked for someone in such a hurry. Furthermore, it was rare for him to be proactive in paying others a visit. 
So, is something up? 
Devin was taken aback, too. 
Soon, he returned to his car silently. He started it up and drove to the military base. 
Does Sebastian know about the tape? I bet he does! 
The other day, Mark told him that the videotape brought back by Sebastian contained footage of Devin and Shanae. Strangely, when he viewed it yesterday, he found out that the content was completely different. 
Who doctored the footage? 
He did not have the answer yet. However, he believed that with Sebastian’s intelligence and sharp observation, the latter could tell that the footage was definitely doctored. 
Devin drove to the military base quietly.
As expected, he saw an olive green SUV parked outside the base’s compound. Judging by the vehicle’s temperature, it had been there for quite some time. 
“Major!” A sentry saluted him. 
“Did you see my brother heading in?” Devin pointed at the SUV. He still addressed Sebastian as his brother. 
The sentry nodded at once. “Yes, he’s inside. He said he’s looking for Major. I consulted my superiors, and they let him in.” 
“All right.” Devin got out of the car and told Jake to wait for him outside. Then, he entered the military base. 
What does Sebastian want to tell me? 
He had no idea. Nonetheless, as soon as he passed through the gates, an idea appeared in his mind. If he wants to talk to me about that matter, I’ll refuse! 
Devin would even deny it. It was just like the destroyed videotape. Not a shred of evidence was left. 
“So, you’ve finally returned.” While Devin was pondering over the matter, an impatient Sebastian had stepped out of the former’s office. He frowned when he saw Devin and stopped in his tracks.
###Chapter 979
Chapter 979
Devin looked up immediately and stood still. “Yes, I had some urgent business to attend to. Why are you here? Is something up?” 
“Nothing. I just want to know about your upcoming plans,” Sebastian replied coolly. 
The light cast a soft glow on Sebastian, who had both hands stuffed into the pockets of his pants. Although he stood up straight, he gave off a languid and casual vibe. 
There was also a certain air of nonchalance in his expression. 
Devin was stunned. “Plans? Are you referring to my family? Or my work?” 
“Work,” Sebastian answered. 
“About work, I’ll still be the leader of special forces at the military base. What’s the matter? Why did you ask this question?” Devin was suspicious. 
All this while, Sebastian never asked him about his work life. They were close and often helped each other out, but he never asked him about his future plans. 
“Nothing. I heard from that old man that congress will elect a new president once Alfred White loses. With a new political party in power, a new group of leaders is needed. When will you be involved?” Sebastian asked. 
“What?” Devin’s eyes widened. “Why would I get involved? I’m not a politician. I belong to the battlefield, and killing my enemies is what I do. Why the hell would I go down that road?” 
At once, Devin refused vehemently. He sounded agitated, too. 
Sebastian did not move, and a subtle smile appeared on his lips.
Devin’s reaction reminded him of his father. Back then, when Jonathan wanted Shin to enter the political field, the latter’s behaved exactly like Devin. 
What’s it called? Inheritance, I guess. It’s not necessary for one’s own son to inherit a soldier’s spirit, as long as one’s descendent carries the family bloodline. 
Feeling satisfied, Sebastian left. 
Devin watched his back with a confused expression. “What the hell is he up to? Did he come all the way here just to ask me this question?” 
At the same time, a commander passed by. “Major, why is your brother looking for you? Does he want you to drive him home? I heard that he’s bringing your nephews and niece along.” 
Devin was shocked. Home? Is he going back to Avenport? Should I tag along and have a look? 
All of a sudden, his heart skipped a beat, and that ridiculous idea popped into existence in his head. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and her children had been waiting for some time at the Military Elementary School. She simply could not believe that the teacher would host a massive farewell party for her children. 
“We’ll leave now, Madam. Alex’s parents allowed us to organize the party at their family-owned farmhouse so that Vivian and her two brothers can have a great time before leaving the school,” the teacher explained. 
She led a group of children and parents out of the classroom with a flag and smiled warmly at Sasha. 
Sasha felt even more awkward. I’m just here to attend my daughter’s farewell party. Why the huge fuss?
“Right, Madam. We’ve been to the farmhouse before. It’s really fun, I tell you. You can pick fruits and catch fish and shrimp. The children will certainly enjoy themselves very much.” 
“That’s right. We’ve even prepared a big surprise for your kids over there.” 
Even the class teacher chimed in. 
A lot of parents in flashy clothes approached Sasha and introduced the farmhouse to her. They spoke and gestured to her fervently. 
It was Sasha’s first time experiencing such treatment. 
Still, it was understandable. Ever since her two naughty boys caused that ruckus several months ago, everybody at the school knew that they were members of the Jadesons. 
There was a huge uproar over the incident at The Ataraxy as well. 
I guess they’re also aware that I’m already the young madam of the Jadesons? 
Sasha had no choice but to head out with her children, the class teacher, and the other students and parents. 
Fortunately, the teacher knew that having too many people in the group was not a good idea. Therefore, not everyone joined the party. 
“Look, Mommy. I told you not to agree to the party. See what’s happening now.” Matteo was the type of child who often spoke his mind. As such, he started to grumble when he was forced to enter the vehicle and sit next to his mother. 
Vivian felt somewhat upset and drooped her head when she noticed Matteo’s displeasure.
Thankfully, Ian spoke up and lectured his younger brother, “You can’t say that to Mommy. She’s trying to make us happy. Moreover, Vivi likes it, and we should accompany her. It’s our duty as her brother.” 
Matteo hung his head in shame after listening to Ian. 
Sasha was exceptionally touched when she saw how her children defended her and how caring they were toward each other.
###Chapter 980
Chapter 980
“Ian is right—we need to make sure everything’s fine since Vivi wants us to join her! Once we reach the farmhouse, I’m sure I can handle them just fine! I’ll make sure we have a great day!” 
“Hooray!” Her sons started jumping for joy and wrapped their arms around their mother. 
She figured out things were the exact opposite of the ones she had in mind once they reached the farmhouse. 
Despite being very near to Jadeborough, the farmhouse was located in a secluded valley. Honestly, given how run-down the place looked, it would be a stretch to say that this was a farmhouse. 
It reminded Sasha of the Floral Village in Avenport, which their family had spent some time in a while back. 
No. Even Floral Village had better facilities than this! There isn’t even a well-built road over here! 
The moment the teacher saw them, she rushed over and introduced the place to them, “This is Alex’s family-owned farmhouse! The entire place hasn’t gone through any modern modification! In other words, we get to experience a primitive lifestyle!” 
Glancing at the surroundings, Sasha rolled her eyes and felt a strong urge to curse. 
It turned out that most people of the upper echelon had been blessed with easy lives and sought to experience “labor and hardship”, which was why the farmhouse was preserved in this primitive manner. 
They thought it was a great idea to live a different life every once in a while. 
It was then Vivian rushed to her mother and brothers’ sides, asking in a mellifluous tone, “Mommy, isn’t this similar to the village we used to stay? Are we there again?”
The rest expressed their disbelief when they heard the little girl’s questions. They couldn’t believe the almighty household members of the Jadesons once spent a long time on the outskirts. 
If that’s the case, does it mean those aren’t merely baseless accusations? Is she really a country bumpkin instead of the heiress of an equally influential family? 
The rest of the party thought it wasn’t worthy of their time anymore since they were initially there to flatter the household member of the Jadesons through the aid of the teacher. 
On top of that, they couldn’t wait to figure out the identity of the household member of the Jadesons since the family was the most influential amongst the members of the upper echelon in Jadeborough. 
Throughout the years, countless women tried joining the family as household members, but their efforts were to no avail. Out of nowhere, a young woman was introduced as the wife of the successor of the Jadesons. 
They couldn’t keep their curiosity and jealousy to themselves anymore, especially when they heard something along the line of Sasha spending time on the outskirts. 
Unaware of the things going on in the minds of those around them, she leaned over and explained in a gentle tone, “This isn’t the village we once spent some time together.” 
Vivian responded with a nod and rushed in the direction of her friends with the plushy she brought along with her. 
She mentioned, “Caroline, my mother has just confirmed this isn’t the village we used to live in!” 
The adorable little girl next to Vivian asked in return, “Really?” 
The innocent little girl seemed to be smarter than Vivian. She asked in return, “If that’s the case, where’s the village you used to live with your mother? Is it as rural as this one?”
“No! It was a village with picturesque scenes! Although it was a relatively simple house, Mom did a great job keeping the environment clean!” 
Vivian tried recalling the time she spent on the outskirts and thought things were fine since they spent quite a long time there as a family of five. 
Vivian sincerely wished to share the great time she had with her family with her friend, but Caroline’s parents had something else in mind when they heard Vivian. 
“Has she just mentioned they once spent a long time on the outskirts as a family? If that’s the case, is it true she’s just a country bumpkin?” 
“I think that’s probably the case!” 
“If that’s the case, we’ll get the teacher to assign her the toughest chores! We can share the news with the rest once we verify she’s just another country bumpkin!” 
Out of nowhere, the parents engaged themselves in a heated discussion and came out with something vicious. 
They thought it wouldn’t be necessary to waste their time with Sasha if they could prove her just another woman from the streets. 
Once they tarnished her image, others would stop thinking highly of her. They thought it was a great opportunity to get her to owe them a favor in return. 
As soon as they had everything sorted out, one of them returned to the teacher’s side and shared their plan with her.
Once Sasha got herself ready for work, the teacher approached her and asked, “Are you familiar with handling a seedbed? Can you help out with the seedbed? You can take that miniature watermill over there home with you if you’re the team with the most contribution.” 
The teacher showed Sasha the miniature watermill next to the river. Coincidentally, the children, including her sons and daughter, had gathered around to inspect the never-seen-before watermill.
###Chapter 981
Chapter 981
Sasha thought it was too much of a hassle, but she made up her mind to handle the seedlings as she was afraid of letting the children down. 
After much consideration, she made up her mind and got herself ready for the upcoming session, marching to the plot of land in the middle of nowhere with her children. 
The confused Ian tagged along with his mother and blurted out the questions he had in mind, “Mommy, is it just me, or is this plot of land relatively small as compared to the ones in Floral Village?” 
Sasha turned around and found out she was the only one working hard when the rest of the parents had a great time doing nothing with their children. 
In the end, she explained with a smirk, “Well, it’s because they’re merely here for a short getaway with their family. On the contrary, we had to ensure there was sufficient food for everyone when we were at Floral Village.” 
Vivian continued collecting flowers and added, “Mommy’s right, Ian! Have you forgotten the cows and dogs at Floral Village? There’s nothing similar here!” 
Ian was initially against the idea of joining the trio. However, he couldn’t bear to leave his careless sister alone and went to her to keep her safe in the end. 
As Sasha started working hard, the pretentious parents couldn’t suppress their urge to execute their vicious plan anymore. 
Along with a nasty caption, the photos of Sasha made it to the internet within a few minutes. 
The mysterious Mrs. Jadeson!
When they thought it was time to make fun of the almighty Mrs. Jadeson once the news made it to the headline, an SUV with camouflage print pulled over at the entrance. 
“Mommy, Daddy’s here!” 
The observant Vivian was the first to notice her father’s presence. She started waving at him with the flowers she had collected. 
Similarly, Sasha turned around and looked in the direction of her husband the moment she heard her daughter. 
The man, who had promised to drop by and pick them up, finally made his way there to honor his promises. 
“Mommy! I wanna go find Daddy!” 
“Alright, get Ian to go along with you!” 
Sasha instructed Ian to keep an eye on his sister and continued cultivating the seedbed again. She thought of leaving the moment she acquired the miniature watermill for her children. 
As soon as Sebastian joined his daughter and son, he brought them to her side and asked, “What are you doing? Why are you plowing the land when you’re here for some sort of party?” 
Sasha turned around and found out the man had finished his sentence with his brows arched in confusion. 
Meanwhile, the rest of the parents couldn’t suppress their excitement any longer when they found out the successor of the Jadesons had made it there.
They started capturing photos of the man who had been stirring things up at Jadeborough throughout the year since it was the first time they met him in person. 
When the photos of the man leading a primitive lifestyle along with the woman on the outskirts made it to the internet, it took the netizens by storm. 
User A: Is this the successor of the Jadesons, the son of the late almighty commander? 
User B: I think it’s him! 
User A: Oh, God! He’s such a handsome man! 
User C: You’re right! I think I’ve just found my new crush! It turns out the so-called maniac is such a handsome man! 
Within a few minutes, countless topics revolving around Sebastian’s look made it to the headline as well. 
Some of them couldn’t help but wonder the reason the successor of the Jadesons was familiar with chores of families on the outskirts. 
On the other hand, the vicious group of parents was thrilled by the comments. 
Out of nowhere, a comment took the rest by surprise. 
User F: Hold on a second! Why does the successor of the Jadesons resemble the successor of the Hayeses so much? If my memory serves me right, I’ve seen him on a show! 
User G: Are you sure you’re not seeing things? 
Once again, the comment took the internet by storm and garnered the attention of the onlookers.
The photo the said user showed the rest took them by surprise again since it was a photo of the family of five taking part in similar activities conducted by a preschool in Floral Village.
###Chapter 982
Chapter 982
Coincidentally, the family of five was in the middle of a similar session on the outskirts. 
It wasn’t even necessary for the vicious parents to stir things up anymore since the photos had topped the headlines of major media. 
As a matter of fact, the moment the news made it to the headline, it had rendered the server incapable of handling the requests from the concurrent users. 
They finally figured out the reason the successor of the Hayeses disappeared into thin air about a year ago. 
It turned out he was the rightful successor of the most influential family. Due to the absurdity of the incident, the netizens couldn’t help but express their envy over him. 
Similarly, the comments took the parents by surprise when they found out the man was the fearsome corporate player. 
In fact, his previous identity was on par with his current identity since no corporate player was a match for him. 
Hold on a minute! If that’s the case, she’s not just another woman from the streets; she might be an equally capable woman! 
On the other hand, Sebastian had joined Sasha in the field and was ready to get his hands dirty. He had learned from his previous lessons. 
Therefore, he was aware of the tips and tricks to get things done as soon as possible. He leaned over and started planting the seedlings all over the plot of land.
She was thrilled he was there to share the workload with her, but she didn’t want him to stain himself. Thus, she urged, “Just leave everything to me! I’m afraid you’re going to stain yourself again!” 
After all, he never had to get himself involved in something similar since he was born with a silver spoon. 
On top of that, he had better things to do with his time, including improving the world economy. Hence, she thought it wouldn’t be wise to acquire his aid. 
However, the man dismissed her suggestion and asked in return, “What do we get in return?” 
When the three little ones next to them heard them, one of them turned around and answered his query, “We get to bring the miniature watermill home with us, Daddy!” 
Sebastian turned around and asked Sasha, “What exactly are we talking about?” 
Sasha giggled and explained, “They seemed to have grown fond of the primitive tool next to the river and asked me to do them a favor.” 
“Well, we just hurry up and finish everything! It’s almost time to leave!” Sebastian sped up since he couldn’t wait to go home. 
Out of the blue, one of his children shrieked, “I-It’s here! Hurry up and catch it!” 
“What are they doing?” 
Sebastian and Sasha turned around the moment they heard their children’s conversation. 
Ian, who was crouching next to his brother, immediately leaped into action upon hearing Matteo’s cry. 
Vivian thought Ian would get it, but he was no match for Matteo in terms of agility. After all, he spent most of his time home instead of going out and about.
Vivian remarked in an aggrieved manner with her lips pursed, “Ian, the ladybug has fled!” 
A ladybug? 
Their parents finally figured out the things they were up to. Once they exchanged glances, they put everything aside and made their way to their children. 
“Where’s the ladybug?” 
“It’s gone, Mommy! Matt and I saw one a few seconds ago! It was a colorful one!” 
Vivian started sharing the things she saw with her mother once their parents made their way to them. 
Matteo couldn’t keep his excitement to himself as well. He started pointing in the direction of the ladybug and mentioned, “Mommy, it was right here, but Ian couldn’t catch it!” 
Ian was rendered speechless and started flushing in embarrassment as if he had been humiliated. 
Sasha returned to the side of her eldest son and assured him, “It’s fine! Since it’s nearby, I’m sure we can still find it! We’ll just go around and search for it!” 
She brought her son around the farm with her in an attempt to get their hands on the ladybug. Sebastian joined them and started searching high and low. 
It wasn’t much of a surprise for them to run into one or two ladybugs since they were far away from the heavily-polluted city. 
Coincidentally, the owner of the farmhouse figured out the things the family of five were up to when he dropped by to ensure everything was fine.
Therefore, he thought of sharing the tips and tricks to capture a ladybug with them. “Mr. Hayes, try searching for them at vacant lots full of weeds instead of the ones I have plowed.” 
“Thanks for the advice!” Sasha was thrilled when she figured out they could easily find ladybugs everywhere. 
The owner responded with a smile and wrapped up the conversation with the family of five. 
Sebastian started trying out his luck with vacant lots full of weeds that were nearby when he wouldn’t even do the dishes or the laundry whenever they were home. 
Sasha couldn’t believe the germaphobe had gone to great lengths just to fulfill their children’s wish.
###Chapter 983
Chapter 983
Most importantly, he was able to carry himself in an elegant manner as if he was in the middle of something serious instead of trying to catch the bugs for their children. 
The moment he found the first ladybug, the little ones started jumping for joy and rushed in his direction to get their hands on the never-seen-before creature. 
“Daddy, hand it over to me!” 
“She’s right, Daddy! Hand it over to us! Otherwise, it’s going to fly away again!” 
Ian joined his siblings and stopped feeling guilty at once. He nodded since he was of the same idea. 
Sasha, who was next to them, felt as if blissful moments as such were the only ones she needed in life. She truly wished they would get to live a simple and happy life as a family of five in the future. 
The family of five was thrilled to find something enjoyable in the middle of nowhere. They spent quite a few hours catching ladybugs and putting them aside in a jug until it was almost sunset. 
“Wow, Daddy, Mommy! You guys are awesome! We have caught so many ladybugs!” 
“Those are quite interesting catch you have over there! We should’ve brought our children to join all of you! I’m sure they would’ve enjoyed it as much as your children did!” 
The rest of the parents joined them and thought it was a great opportunity to get themselves acquainted with the members of the most influential family in Jadeborough. 
Sasha remained indifferent throughout the conversation. She brought her children to the river to get their feet cleaned. 
A few minutes later, a man returned to them with a jug full of ladybugs and a miniature watermill.
“Is that it?” 
“Mmm! Shall we go home since it’s getting late? Let’s not forget we need to return to Avenport early in the morning.” 
“You’re right. It’s time to leave,” Sasha agreed without a second thought since she couldn’t wait to leave. 
The family of five wasn’t aware of the things going on in the virtual space when there was another uproar as soon as the photos of them indulging themselves in a primitive form of entertainment made it to the internet. 
The netizens were envious of the family’s blissful lifestyle and thought it was time for them to learn to appreciate the presence of their family. 
Similarly, someone in Sumanthova came across the photos and clenched her fingers when she found out the family of five had a great time together. 
The little ones and Sasha tucked themselves in shortly after their meal after having such a long day. 
“Sebby, have you informed Wendy we’re moving over to Frontier Bay once we’re back?” 
Sebastian, who had just made his way out of his shower, answered the query of the barely conscious woman, “Yes.” 
Sasha fell into a deep slumber once she wrapped up the conversation with Sebastian. 
She was against the idea of getting herself involved in irritating situations. Thus, staying elsewhere was the sole alternative she could think of.
Sebastian started running his fingers through the hair of the sleeping woman. Out of nowhere, her phone on the nightstand started buzzing. 
Who could it be when it’s so late? 
The moment Sebastian accessed her phone, he was confused by the message she received. 
Solomon: What time are you reaching tomorrow? 
He thought of casting the phone elsewhere but changed his mind at the last minute. After much hesitation, he replied on Sasha’s behalf. 
Sasha: ? 
Solomon: I’m just trying to reserve a private dining room for your family since it’s going to take Wendy some time to get everything ready. 
It merely took the man on the other end a few seconds to reply. With that being said, he did a great job justifying himself. 
Once Sebastian figured out the things Solomon was up to, he stopped furrowing his brows. 
Sasha: Thank you so much, but just do me a favor and stop poking your nose into my business! 
It was then Solomon, who was in his apartment in Avenport, figured out he was in the middle of a conversation with Sebastian. 
Slouching against the couch, his eyes widened in disbelief when he found out the truth. A few seconds later, he cast his phone aside while flushing as if he had been humiliated in the face. 
Knock! Knock! Knock!
Irked by the interaction with Sebastian, Solomon instructed the one knocking on the door with his volume raised, “Come in!” 
Luke entered the room to a frustrated man on the couch with his face scrunched up. Subsequently, he stammered, “M-Mr. George, I have already reserved a private dining room with Palace Hotel—” 
The infuriated man stopped Luke from finishing the sentence and instructed, “That won’t be necessary! Cancel it!” 
H-Huh? Isn’t he the one bringing up the same thing over and over again ever since the afternoon? Why has he changed his mind when I have gone to great lengths just to get him a freaking private dining room?
###Chapter 984
Chapter 984
As confused as he might be, he knew it was time for him to cancel the reservation since Solomon had made himself clear. 
“Speaking of which, has Sabrina returned?” 
Luke brought himself to a halt and answered, “She’s has made her way to Cranur to strike a deal with the owner of the company in charge of renewable energy sources. I don’t think she’s going to be back soon.” 
He told Solomon the things Sabrina was up to over the past few days. It turned out she had gotten herself engaged with all sorts of things after joining the company as a staff. 
Solomon wasn’t the only one who hadn’t encountered her since her subordinates weren’t aware of her whereabouts as well when they needed her to guide them. 
He got increasingly frustrated and instructed, “Send a few people to keep her safe. Speaking of which, who’s the candidate Matilda has in mind for her blind date again?” 
Once again, Solomon’s question took his secretary by surprise. 
Matilda? Is he referring to his aunt and Mr. Brandon’s mother? 
Luke started perspiring in fear of offending the already irked Solomon. He stammered, “I-I’m not sure since you turned her down when she brought up the suggestion.” 
When I shared Matilda’s proposal with him the moment she called, he expressed his disagreement and reprimanded her. 
He said he would never allow others, especially the Emmanuels, to take advantage of the Hayeses even though Frederick had long passed on. If that’s the case, why has he changed his mind out of the
blue? 
“Well, just get going and ask if you’re not sure! If it’s possible, set them up for a session in person!” 
What the heck? Has he seriously agreed to set Ms. Sabrina up for a blind date with someone else? 
As confused as Luke might be, he took note of Solomon’s instructions and excused himself. 
He couldn’t figure out the reason he had changed his mind out of the blue since he didn’t bother to poke his nose into the business of his half-sister throughout the past year, let alone her marriage. 
To be precise, he turned them down with the same excuses when Matilda called to share her proposal with him. 
In short, his secretary couldn’t fathom the reason he had changed his mind and agreed to set them up for a blind date in person. 
When Luke was on his way home, he lost himself in a train of thought while staring at the bright moon. He thought he wouldn’t have the chance to indulge himself in such carefree moments anymore. 
“Mr. Hayes, Mrs. Hayes, you guys are finally back!” he muttered to himself and reached for his phone in an attempt to figure out the precise time of arrival of Sebastian and his family. 
To his surprise, he found out he had received a text message from Sabrina. 
Sabrina: Luke, is my brother coming home with his family tomorrow? 
Luke: Yes, Ms. Hayes. Speaking of which, where are you? I’ve just returned from Mr. George’s office. He wants me to set you up for a blind date with the successor of the Sheerwood family from Summerbank. 
Sabrina: Come again? Who’s this successor of the Sheerwood family we’re talking about?
As the woman on the other end wasn’t aware of the things going on, Luke had to share the content of his conversation with Solomon with Sabrina. 
Luke: Have you forgotten the time your aunt tried to set you up for a blind date with someone else? Mr. George said it’s worth a try. 
Sabrina: Hello? Who does he think he is to poke his nose into my business? 
She started reprimanding Solomon for being a busybody and cast her phone aside, ignoring the incoming text messages. 
See? I knew she would throw a tantrum! No one can possibly talk some senses into her! 
Luke shrugged his shoulders, indicating there wasn’t much he could do as well. 
Little did he know the moment he wrapped up his conversation with Sabrina, the infuriated woman called Solomon and confronted him. 
“Hello?” 
She yelled the moment the man picked up the phone, “Solomon! How dare you try to set me up for a blind date with someone else? Who are you to poke your nose into my business?” 
Solomon had to inch away from the phone since the woman on the other end was at the top of her lungs. 
He explained, “I’m afraid you’re yelling at the wrong person since it wasn’t even my idea.” 
“What do you mean it’s not your idea?”
“Hello? Who am I to poke my nose into your business? I’m just playing along with your Aunt Matilda since she mentioned it was her duty to take care of you after your father’s passing. Go scream at her instead.” 
The man remained calm throughout the conversation and made it sound as if it had nothing to do with him. 
Soon enough, Sabrina was at a loss for words as she wasn’t supposed to pick on her aunt. After all, Matilda was her sole relative. 
Nonetheless, she repeated herself, “I don’t care because there’s no way I’m showing up!” 
On the other hand, Solomon remarked with a smile, “It’s totally up to you, but allow me to give you another heads-up. Devin had returned to Coldbridge with the tape. I’m sure he has figured out you’re the one. However, he hasn’t done anything as we speak. Isn’t it time for you to stop getting your hopes high?” 
The woman on the other end went dead silent.
###Chapter 985
Chapter 985
A few seconds of silence later, Sabrina hung up the call and brought the conversation to an abrupt halt. 
No one was aware of the things going on in her mind, but Solomon dropped Luke another text message prior to calling it a day. 
Soloman: Tell Matilda to get the man ready to meet Sabrina in person! 
Sasha and the rest of her family roused from their sleep early in the morning and savored their last breakfast in Oceanic Estate prior to their trip home. 
“Madam, when are you guys coming back?” 
“Madam, we’re going to miss you as much as Old Mr. Jadeson does when all of you aren’t around!” 
The housemaids’ emotions were written all over their faces since they were against the idea of the family of five leaving. 
They were different from the pretentious housemaids at the Hayeses’ place as they had grown fond of Sasha ever since she joined the family. 
Therefore, Sasha was slightly upset and against the idea of leaving them. She assured them, “We’ll be back in the future! Once we’re free, we’ll drop by every once in a while!” 
She announced at the top of her lungs since she wished to share those words with Jonathan as well. The man had long roused from his sleep and made his way to the living room. He was equally upset since they would be leaving soon. 
It was then Sebastian marched down the stairs with Vivian in his arms. He asked, “Are you done?” 
“Yes,” Sasha answered with a nod and looked in the direction of Karl and their sons at the entrance.
Ian and Matteo were equally thrilled to return to Avenport since they spent most of their time there as a family of five after being apart from one another when they were young. 
Jonathan’s face puckered the moment the boys started jumping for joy at the entrance. 
To make things worse, once Sebastian ensured they had everything they needed for the trip, he walked out of the mansion with Vivian. 
H-He’s such a— 
Sasha, who couldn’t move her eyes away from Jonathan, stepped forward and stopped Sebastian from leaving. 
“Shouldn’t you bid farewell to your grandfather before leaving?” 
Glancing at the man in the living room, Sebastian finally brought himself to a halt. 
He returned to his grandfather’s side once he brought his daughter to her siblings’ sides. 
“I’ve already made myself clear more than once. As long as you listen to me, the Jadesons will be fine. In short, you don’t have to worry.” 
Jonathan couldn’t believe his so-called grandson wasn’t there to bid farewell to him. Instead, the young man made it sound as if he was the one calling the shots around the family. 
Unable to stand the man in front of him getting full of himself, Jonathan started burning with rage and asked, “What do you mean? Are you talking about the upcoming election? Am I supposed to listen to you and stop getting Devin involved? Who the hell do you think you are?” 
Jonathan couldn’t stop himself from going berserk anymore. Sebastian couldn’t care less and marched his way in the direction of the entrance, leaving his irked grandfather alone in the living room.
As infuriated as he might be, he refused to initiate another conversation with the young man. Grasping his walking stick with all his might, he turned around with his eyes brimming. 
In spite of the things he had in mind, he refused to give in again. 
To his surprise, the leaving man brought himself to a halt and asked, “What exactly do you want from me?” 
Jonathan turned around to find his grandson facing him with a scrunched-up face, and joy immediately took over the anger within him. 
He repeated himself, “At the end of the day, you’re still my grandson!” 
“Uh-huh, what about it?” 
“It’s fine for you to return to Avenport, but I want you to return to Jadeborough at least once a month! Also, you’re the person in charge of the subsidiaries of the family! I need to know if things are fine! You’re supposed to ensure the maintenance of Oceanic Estate as well!” 
Jonathan brought up his requests as if those were instructions his grandson had to adhere to as a member of the Jadesons. 
He thought his grandson would pick on him again once he finished his sentence. However, Sebastian stopped making a fuss and asked in a sarcastic manner, “Are you sure it’s necessary for me to return home once every month for something as trivial as such?” 
“B-But—” 
“If you wish to figure out the things going on, why don’t you drop by Avenport and pay us a visit instead? I’ll reimburse your trip once you’re there!”
Once he wrapped up his conversation with his grandfather, he marched out of the mansion. 
Jonathan couldn’t even grasp the situation, but he found out Sebastian mentioned nothing else apart from expressing his disagreement to return once every month. 
In other words, he’s not trying to deny his responsibility as a member of the Jadesons? Is he going to fulfill his responsibility at Avenport? 
Jonathan finally returned to his usual self and thought it wasn’t such a bad idea to make a trip to Avenport every once in a while.
###Chapter 986
Chapter 986
Sasha finally returned home with her family after being away from Avenport for more than a year. 
They had gone through countless ups and downs as a family throughout the past year. Thus, Sasha was overwhelmed by tidal waves of emotions when she set foot in her hometown again. 
“Sha! We’re over here!” 
Shortly after they walked out of the arrival hall, they saw a young man waving at them with all his might. An elderly man was right next to the young man. 
They were none other than her cousin, Lance Wand, and her father, Rufus Wand. 
When Sasha saw Lance and Rufus, she cast everything aside and rushed in the direction of the ones she held dear in mind with her eyes welling up. 
“Dad, I’m finally home!” 
She wrapped her arms around her father after being apart from him for more than a year. As a result, she couldn’t stop herself from weeping. 
Similarly, her father couldn’t keep his emotions to himself anymore. He started trembling with tears of joy streaming down his cheeks when he thought he had lost his daughter for good a year ago. 
“I’m glad you’re finally home!” 
Even Sebastian couldn’t help but tear up as he heard the conversation of the father and daughter duo. 
After all, it took them a lot of effort for their family to reunite and return to the place they considered their home. 
It took them some time to regain their composure and snap out of the overwhelming session.
The little ones greeted their grandfather, “Grandpa, did you miss us?” 
“Of course! I miss all of you so much I have a hard time sleeping!” 
Rufus leaned over and wrapped his arms around his grandchildren. 
The boys were relatively obedient. On the contrary, the little girl ran her chubby fingers through her grandfather’s hair and urged, “Grandpa, have you not taken good care of yourself when we were away?” 
“Huh?” 
Rufus couldn’t believe the seven-year-old little girl was such an observant sweetheart. Subsequently, he felt another prickling sensation behind his eyes. 
He had aged over the night when he heard that his son-in-law had gone missing and was heartbroken to know that his daughter had fallen off a cliff, dead. 
On top of that, his grandchildren were nowhere to be found. He thought he had lost all the ones he held dear over the night. 
He was just glad he hadn’t resorted to anything extreme such as joining them in the afterlife when he was at the worst in life. 
“Well, since you’re back, why don’t you drop by every once in a while to ensure I’m taking good care of myself?” 
“Okay! If that’s the case, I’ll make sure to visit you every once in a while in the future!” The innocent little girl promised her grandfather to keep him company without a second thought.
As the little girl tapped on the middle-aged man’s shoulder and assured him, those around them burst out laughing. 
It was still autumn in Avenport while the people of Jadeborough had gotten themselves ready for winter. Things were still lively for those in Avenport, especially the family who had been apart from one another for so long. 
Once they returned to Frontier Bay, Wendy wasn’t the only one around to welcome the family of five— Sharon, Sasha’s aunt, was there as well. 
“You’re finally home!” 
She was all smiles when she rushed out of the entrance with an apron around her. The moment she saw them, she couldn’t stop herself from weeping anymore. 
Sasha felt equally overwhelmed. She brought her children along with her and greeted Sharon, “Aunt Sharon, just leave the rest to the housemaids and take a break!” 
Sharon wiped her tears dry and started reprimanding her niece, “What are you talking about? It’s nothing when it’s such a joyous occasion!” 
After a few seconds, Sharon brought the little ones into the mansion and thought it was time to gather around as a family. 
Sebastian spent the time after their meal with his father-in-law and Jackson, Sasha’s uncle, whereas Sasha joined Sharon in cleaning up the things she brought home with her. 
“How’s everything going on with the Jadesons? Has that man given his consent and allowed all of you to return?”
As the most level-headed amongst the rest, Sharon brought up a serious question. 
Sasha nodded in return and assured her aunt, “Aunt Sharon, you don’t have to worry because there’s no way he’s going to harm Sebastian. At the end of the day, Sebastian is still the sole successor of his late son.” 
Sharon let out a long sigh of relief when she heard her niece’s words of assurance. 
She had been holding a grudge against Sasha due to the demise of Xenia. Sasha’s demise was the turning point of their relationship. 
It was the first time in forever Sharon showed her niece her affectionate side and thought it was time to let bygones be bygones. 
“Speaking of which, where’s Sabrina? She’s not in the company, is she?” 
Sharon finally returned to her usual indifferent self when Sasha brought up Sabrina. “How am I supposed to know her whereabouts when we’re not related to one another?” 
Sasha knew it was time to ask someone else. Thus, she reached for her phone and drafted a text message. 
Sasha: Sab, where are you? We’ve returned home. Currently, we’re at Frontier Bay. 
Standing on the balcony, she thought it was great to be home after being away for almost a year. She was glad the housemaids did a great job maintaining the garden as well.
###Chapter 987
Chapter 987
It merely took Sabrina a few seconds to reply to Sasha. 
Sabrina: I’m currently at Summerbank. 
Sasha: Huh? What are you doing there? Haven’t you promised to pick us up from the airport? I have been waiting for you! 
Sasha was startled when she found out Sabrina was away since Sabrina promised to drop by the airport and called to confirm their estimated time of arrival the day before. 
It wasn’t much of a big deal if she wasn’t at the airport, but why the hell is she out of town? Most importantly, she’s at Summerbank! 
Sasha: What are you doing at Summerbank? 
Sabrina: It’s nothing special. I mean, do you really need me when there are so many people to keep the family company? 
Sasha: What do you there are a lot of people to keep the family company? Apart from Sebastian and Karl, there’s no one there to help us with our luggage! 
Since Sasha was in a hurry to explain herself, she couldn’t include everyone who had made it to the airport. 
Soon, her sister-in-law stopped engaging herself in a conversation with her as if she had disappeared into thin air again. 
Well, I guess I’ll just forget about it until I meet her in person again. After all, she’s free to do anything she wishes since she doesn’t really have much of a commitment.
Sasha thought it was nothing and put her phone aside, returning to join the rest of her family. 
Unbeknownst to her, Sabrina was currently in a café located in the courtyard of Summerbank. 
She was in the middle of a blind date, but the color had long drained from Sabrina’s face. 
The man opposite him asked when he saw her face turning pale and haggard, “Ms. Hayes, is everything fine? Why do you seem so pale?” 
The man wasn’t half bad in terms of look. In fact, he was considered to be above the average of his peers. He resembled Solomon in terms of look with his gold-rimmed glasses. 
However, there was something odd about the way he carried himself. She felt as if he had gone through countless lessons to groom himself and thought that might have something to do with his identity as the heir of a political figure. 
A few seconds of silence later, she replied, “I’m fine.” 
The man asked with a smile, “Shall we go catch a movie at the cinema? I’ve just found out there’s a new movie screening today!” 
“Okay…” Sabrina answered as if she couldn’t care less of their upcoming agenda. 
A few minutes later, the duo made their way out of the café and hopped in the Maserati at the entrance, heading towards the cinema. 
She thought it was about time to stop dwelling in the past and to move on since things didn’t work out for her. 
Actually, she was against the idea of going on a movie date at the cinema when she was already thirty years old.
After all, she was never a huge fan of sweets, including popcorn and carbonated drinks. 
The only thing she had in mind was a wine that was aged for at least a decade. 
“Ms. Hayes, I’ve just gotten our popcorn! Shall we go in?” 
“Okay.” Sabrina played along with the man and entered the hall with a bucket of popcorn instead of sharing her thoughts with him. 
Once they found their seats, it was time for them to enjoy the thrilling movie. 
F*ck! A horror film of all things? 
The man stammered when the movie was about to begin, “M-Ms. Hayes, I’ll always be here just in case you’re afraid!” 
Sabrina remained silent and continued savoring the popcorn she wasn’t interested in at all. 
Ten minutes later, it was finally time for the first climax of the movie. The most intense scene took a majority of the customers by surprise. 
As a result, the man next to Sabrina shrieked and leaned over in an attempt to seek shelter. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina continued savoring the popcorn with her eyes glued to the screen since she wasn’t startled at all. 
Halfway through the movie, the man on her shoulder sat upright and looked at her in the eyes, muttering her name, “Sabrina…” 
“What?”
Sabrina was about to have another mouthful of popcorn, but she paused when she heard the man. 
She turned around with her eyes widened since no one, apart from her parents, had ever addressed her in such an intimate manner. 
Most of those affiliated with her would address her as Ms. Hayes. Otherwise, her close acquaintance, such as Sasha, would address her with her alias or nicknames. 
It has been such a long time ever since someone last addressed me in such an intimate manner. 
“I just want to let you know you’re an attractive woman. I’ve never encountered someone as charming as you throughout the years.” 
Sabrina’s mind went completely blank since no one had ever complimented her as well. After all, she had quite a unique fashion sense and preferred putting on gothic makeup. 
In short, she would show up in front of others as if something was wrong with her mind when she was the heiress of the Hayes. 
To her surprise, the man, whom she had merely encountered a few hours ago, praised her in a sincere manner. 
As she lost herself in a train of thought, the man in the dark leaned over and kissed her on the lips after gasping out her name for one last time.
###Chapter 988
Chapter 988
She ended up casting the bucket of popcorn she had with her in his face and yelled, “What the hell is wrong with you?” 
As she was at the top of her lungs, those around them heard their conversation and turned around. 
Similarly, her response took the man by surprise. He felt humiliated since he had a relatively disheveled appearance with popcorn all over him. 
He felt a strong urge to run out of the hall and stuttered, “I-I’m so sorry, Ms. Hayes! I-I’m just—” 
“F*ck off!” 
There was all she said. She couldn’t be bothered to waste the energy to utter another word to the man. 
Similarly, the woman sprang up from the seat and brought herself out of the hall, leaving the man alone. 
As others started picking on him, he felt his limbs turning stiff and thought it was time for him to leave as well. 
Shortly after she made her way out of the hall, Sabrina hailed a cab. 
It was then the man caught up with her and said, “Ms. Hayes, hold on a second! I’m so sorry for trying something rash! Can you please forgive me?” 
How dare he get in my way? 
Irked by the disgusting man’s response, Sabrina was about to reprimand him in front of others again. 
In the nick of time, the man grasped her hand and repeated himself with his voice quivering, “I didn’t mean it, but I couldn’t stop myself since you seemed extremely alluring in the dark! I-If it makes you
feel better, just slap me in the face! Can you please not leave me?” 
Sabrina was shocked as the man’s voice was barely audible towards the end of his sentence as if he was truly apologetic. 
What one earth is going on? Has he always been such an awesome sweet talker? Isn’t it too much of an exaggeration when we’re merely acquainted for a little more than a few hours? 
Despite the doubts she had, she wasn’t as infuriated as before. She confessed in return, “I’m so sorry, Mr. Sheerwood, but I’m afraid things won’t work out for us since I don’t really have a thing for men like you.” 
The man’s disappointment was written all over his face. In a final attempt to salvage his relationship with the woman in front of him, he asked, “Why?” 
She asked in return, “What do you mean why when you can’t really justify the sort of affection you have for me as well?” 
The man was rendered speechless. In the end, he suggested, “Well, shall we go get something to eat? I mean, you haven’t had anything after making your way here from afar, have you?” 
He looked at her in the eyes with an aggrieved look as if she hadn’t made herself clear it was over for them. 
As a result, she frowned and thought she wouldn’t need others to keep her company for a meal. 
She thought of turning him down, but when she recalled her aunt was the one introducing the man to her, she knew that wasn’t the wise thing to do. 
In the end, she promised to join him for one last meal, “Alright, we’ll return home once we finish our meal.”
“Alright, stay right here and wait for me! I’ll be back in a short while!” he assured with his eyes gleaming and dashed in the direction of the parking lot, leaving Sabrina alone at the entrance of the cinema. 
In spite of the protruding set of outfits she had put on, she was just another woman in the middle of a bustling street. 
However, the driver of a passing-by SUV noticed the presence of the woman and brought the car to a halt at the street opposite the cinema. 
The passenger in the car craned over and asked the driver, “Major, why have you stopped here when we’re still on our way to our destination?” 
To his surprise, the one driving his car seemed to have something else in mind. He caught a glimpse of a certain someone he was familiar with when she was supposed to be elsewhere. 
Within a few seconds, he started emanating a menacing presence, intimidating those around him. 
The man next to the one driving finally turned around and found out there was another similar car parked at the entrance of the cinema. 
However, it wasn’t just another ordinary SUV; it was a full-spec Hummer that had undergone a series of modifications. 
Sabrina couldn’t keep her questions to herself anymore. She asked with her eyes gleaming, “Holy moly! How the hell have you gotten your hands on such an amazing ride? I have purchased countless vehicles, but none of the ones I own is a match for this!” 
The woman with a miniature bag and skintight dress started running her hands across the modified car as if she had found treasure.
Sabrina was different from an ordinary woman since she was no fan of accessories and cosmetic items. Cars were the only things she was fond of. To be precise, she was a huge fan of street races. 
Similarly, the man inside the car couldn’t believe his ride was the thing it would take to charm the initially indifferent woman.
###Chapter 989
Chapter 989
“I have gathered the parts from all around the globe from fellow fanatics!” 
“Are you serious?” 
He knew it was time for him to shine. “Yes! If you’re interested, why don’t you drop by my place and see if there’s anything you want? I have plenty of those at my place!” 
Sabrina couldn’t pull herself together anymore. She removed her pairs of high heels and handed her bag to the man, climbing her way into the car without a second thought. 
No ordinary man could withstand the woman with a busty figure crawling into the car under broad daylight. 
She seemed to be a fallen angel due to the gothic makeup she had put on. With just one glance, the man secretly gulped to get a grip on himself. 
Meanwhile, the man inside the SUV opposite the street grasped the steering wheel with all his might when he saw her climbing into the car. 
Crack! 
When the passenger next to him heard the sound of him cracking his finger, he stammered, “M-Major —” 
Gritting his teeth, Devin repeated his instructions, “Get out of the car!” 
His comrade couldn’t figure out the things going on since Devin wasn’t even that intimidating of a figure when they were involved in a war.
As soon as the sole passenger in the car alighted, Devin accelerated the car without a second thought in an attempt to pursue the modified Hummer. 
What’s he up to? Is that the suspect of the firearm smuggling case? 
Half an hour later, Sabrina finally made it to the residential area of those affiliated with the army of the nation. 
Sabrina drove all the way to Isaac Sheerwood’s place according to his instructions. Once they reached, he asked, “We’re finally here, Ms. Hayes! Care to join me for a cup of coffee?” 
Isaac was thrilled since he had gotten Sabrina to drop by his place. Needless to say, he was certain his parents were home in anticipation of their arrival. 
However, Sabrina had no intention to join the man after taking a peek at the mansion. She asked, “Where’s the garage? Why don’t you hurry up and show me the way to the garage?” 
“O-Okay, it’s that building over there.” 
Isaac was slightly upset, but he showed her the way to his garage as instructed. Shortly after she figured out their upcoming destination, she accelerated the car in the direction of the garage. 
The man next to her was really afraid things wouldn’t turn out the way he had in mind. 
As a member of the renowned Sheerwood family, he had quite an impressive garage since a bungalow was modified to accommodate his needs. 
It might’ve cost a leg and an arm, but it was merely a piece of cake for him since his father was the one calling the shots around there. Similarly, his mother was a highly regarded professor giving lectures at a nearby university.
Sabrina remarked with her eyes gleaming when as she drove into the garage with all sorts of parts of cars everywhere, “That’s quite an impressive garage you have!” 
She wasn’t really shocked since those were nothing as compared to the ones the Hayeses owned. However, Isaac thought those were words of reassurance coming from her. 
“I have purchased these from everywhere! I’m pretty sure no one is a match for me in terms of varieties and collections!” 
“Are you serious?” 
She jumped out of the car without her shoes as she couldn’t suppress the urge to look around anymore. A few seconds later, she had gone rounds searching for the parts she needed. 
Isaac seemed as if he was her subordinate, carrying her pair of heels along with him while trying to catch up with her. 
“Of course! That’s precisely the reason I tell you it’s just a piece of cake to modify the car of your choice!” 
“Actually, I’m trying to modify a Jeep Wrangler!” 
“A Jeep Wrangler?” 
“Yes, I’ve always wanted to visit the desert! I mean, I need a car that can bring me everywhere!” 
She wrapped her arms around the parts of cars in the garage as she continued sharing her vision with Isaac. 
Well, maybe I’ll be fine as long as I stay away from others for a few years! I need to spend some time in isolation somewhere no one can find me!
“Consider it done since! I’m sure I have all the parts you need here! I’ll show you around once you put on your pair of shoes!” 
Isaac flushed as he fell to his knee in an attempt to put on her shoes on her behalf. 
Sabrina couldn’t get used to it and felt her limbs turning stiff the moment she recalled she had been running around barefoot. 
“I’ll put in on!” 
“No, Ms. Hayes! Just allow me to do you a favor since it’s not really safe in the garage! I don’t have anywhere for you to take a seat as well!” 
In the end, the man with gold-rimmed glasses put on the pair of heels on her behalf. 
Sabrina’s mind was all over the place.
###Chapter 990
Chapter 990
She snapped out of bewilderment once she felt the man’s gigantic palm around her foot, holding it in a gentle manner as if it was something precious to him. 
Brake! 
The moment she thought of moving her foot away from him, they heard another car closing in from afar at top speed. 
Who is it? 
Subconsciously, she raised her head and looked in the direction of the entrance. 
As a thunderous crack filled the desolate space, the roller shutter was banged open from the outside by a black SUV a few seconds later. 
What the hell? 
Isaac, who had yet to put on her shoes on her behalf, felt a chill running down his spines and turned around to figure out the things going on. 
He found out it was an SUV on par with the one he owned. On top of that, it was owned by someone from the military. 
What’s a militant SUV doing in my garage? 
The color started draining from Isaac’s face as he tried to figure out the reason the mysterious figure alighting from the car was there. 
The man alighting from the car had put on his camouflage-print uniform along with a pair of heavy-duty boots.
Isaac stammered his questions with his eyes widened in disbelief, “W-Who the hell are you?” 
The man in uniform dismissed his question and had his eyes glued to the woman next to her with his face puckered in irritation the moment he caught a glimpse of Isaac’s hand on Sabrina’s foot. 
He tried his best to suppress his wrath and asked with his teeth gritting in angst, “What are you doing?” 
Sabrina’s mind went completely blank as she thought she had been seeing things again when the man showed up out of nowhere. 
What’s he doing here? Am I hallucinating again? Is my mind messing with me again? 
Staring at the man in his uniform in the eyes, she felt the man’s intimidating presence as if he was there to take out his foe. 
It was the first time she encountered the serious side of the man. She couldn’t even form a complete sentence since she was still in a state of bewilderment. 
Devin couldn’t stand the woman going dead silent anymore. He let loose of his emotions and asked at the top of his lungs, “Have you not heard me?” 
As a result, Sabrina shuddered and inched away from Isaac once she returned to her senses. 
It was then Isaac brought himself up and stood in front of Sabrina to defend her, asking the man in front of them, “Who the hell are you? What do you think you’re doing at the residency of the Sheerwood family? Have you lost your mind or something? How dare you barge into our place?” 
Has he mistaken Devin as just another infantry or something? Why isn’t he stepping aside when his life might be at stake as well? Is he— 
Another glance at Isaac from Sabrina was all it took to get on the nerves of the already enraged Devin.
She couldn’t even explain themselves as the enraged man asked in return, “Are you trying to challenge me? Well, I’ll show you the things I’m capable of!” 
Devin dashed in the direction of Isaac and rendered him incapable of motion by strangling him with all his might. 
“Urgh!” 
“Argh!” 
Sabrina started shrieking in fear at the same moment the man in front of her started growling in pain. 
She finally snapped out of bewilderment once she heard Isaac coughing in an attempt to catch his breath after being sent flying away brutally. 
Immediately, she got in front of Devin to stop him and said, “Stop picking on him when he’s just a friend of mine!” 
“A friend of yours?” 
Devin’s expression darkened the moment she asked him to show Isaac some mercy and considered him her friend. 
I’m pretty sure this friend of hers is up to no good! Otherwise, he wouldn’t have brought her here with him! Also, there was no way he’d fall on his knee just to put on her shoes on her behalf! 
Devin couldn’t figure out the reason he was on the verge of letting loose of his wrath. With that being said, he felt a strong urge to strangle the duo to take out the pent-up frustration. 
He launched another powerful kick in Isaac’s direction and asked while clenching his fists, “Why have you befriended this smuggler over here?”
Huh? Who’s the smuggler he’s talking about? 
Sabrina gaped at the things Devin brought up and repeated after him once she linked the missing pieces of puzzles together, “W-What sort of smuggler are we talking about? I’m not even aware he’s a smuggler! We were merely out for a blind date!” 
“Come again?” 
The man let loose of his emotions and yelled at her, “You were on a freaking blind date with him?” 
“Y-Yes! M-My aunt introduced him to me and told me he’s quite the man around here! Are you sure you haven’t mistaken him for someone else—” 
Crack! 
Sabrina couldn’t even finish her sentence as the infuriated Devin crushed Isaac’s leg with all his might, producing a loud crack in the garage. 
She grasped the hem of her shirt and went dead silent in fear of offending the horrifying man.
###Chapter 991
Chapter 991
Doesn’t he have a good temper? He has always been so mild-mannered in front of me. Why does he seem like a completely different person now? He’s almost worse than Sebastian! 
Sabrina dared not make another sound. 
A few minutes later, the Sheerwood couple, who had heard the commotion and cry of agony of their son, rushed to the garage. 
“Oh my god, Isaac! Isaac, what happened to you? Isaac!” 
When the couple saw the terrible sight in the garage, they paled drastically. The mother even lunged toward Devin. 
“Who are you? What have you done to my son?” 
“Yes! Who are you?” Reuben Sheerwood bellowed, frightened and furious. 
It was then Devin shifted his foot before taking out his military ID. 
The couple instantly fell silent. 
Once the two saw the name and military rank on the card, the colors drained out of their faces as fear crept onto it. 
“Y-You’re one of the Jadesons from Jadeborough! Why… Why are you here? Has my son done something wrong?” 
“Yes, he has. He’s involved in smuggling,” Devin said without showing any emotions on his face. 
When Isaac, who was still sprawled on the ground, heard it, anger filled his chest to the point it numbed him from the pain. “What did I smuggle? I’m warning you not to accuse me of anything!”
“Am I accusing you? Dare you say that these parts in this garage are obtained through legal means?” 
“I—” 
“Also, car modification is illegal. You have a whole set of parts here, and you’ve been working with this for a long time. Therefore, I have the right to suspect that you’ve been dealing with the black market all these while.” 
No one thought that the Jadeborough’s special forces’ major would intervene in a trivial matter like this. 
Dealing with car parts in the black market? 
Sabrina was dumbfounded by Devin’s words, but she dared not interrupt them. 
After all, as far as she knew, a civilian like her should not intervene in the matters of a military officer. 
Unsurprisingly, the moment the Sheerwood couple heard his words, they began begging for mercy. 
They wailed, and they sobbed, pleading for Devin to have mercy on them. Of course, they also promised to destroy everything that was in the garage and stop Isaac from dabbling in car modification in the future. 
Destroy everything? 
When Sabrina heard that, she glanced around the top-tier accessories around her before scrunching up her face. 
“All right. I’ll give him another chance then. If I hear his name on the black market again…” 
“No, no, of course you won’t. Don’t worry, Major Devin. We’ll send him overseas for further study right away. We won’t let him dabble in this anymore,” the Sheerwood couple swore.
Only then did Devin drop the case. 
“Why are you still standing here? Leave now!” he yelled at the woman who was still standing at the side in a daze. 
Sabrina blinked, finally snapping back to her senses. 
“Okay, okay. I’m going.” 
She then ran back and picked up the high heels from the ground. 
Minutes later, when the two rode in Devin’s black SUV away from the house, Sabrina asked as she put on her heels, “Are you really here to arrest him today?” 
Devin still had a scowl on his face, so his tone was a terrible one, “What’s the matter? Do you not believe me?” 
Sabrina looked down. “It isn’t that…” 
It was not that she did not believe in his words, but that she hoped he had come for her when she saw him at the garage. 
However, that could only be her fantasy. 
Sabrina quietly put back on her heels. 
“Send me railway station. I’m going to go back to Avenport,” she gloomily said, her eyes still looking downward. 
Devin frowned.
He had thought of sending her back to Avenport, but when he heard her voice it his thoughts out loud, annoyance grew in his heart. It seemed like she was eager to leave right away. 
“What’s wrong? Are you upset that I’ve messed up your relationship with your potential husband?” 
“What?” Sabrina looked up to cast him a look of confusion. 
“His family background matches the Hayes family, and it seems like your interests and hobbies are quite similar. Won’t you blame me for messing it up?” Devin repeated. 
Perhaps he was angry, for he even mentioned that she shared similar interests and hobbies with the other young man. 
Honestly, the delighted expression she had previously was as if she had found her soulmate. Not even he had seen that look on her face before. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina finally understood what he meant. 
Instantly, disappointment crashed onto her heart like tidal waves, crushing the last trace of hope she had. All that was left in her was frigid self-deprecation. 
“You’re right. It’s quite disappointing. I thought I’d be married by the end of this year.” 
Devin did not respond to that. 
“But that’s fine. My aunt knows a lot of people. There are more in line even if this one doesn’t work out. I’ll spare some time to look through them before meeting a few more.” 
At that, she beamed at him as though nothing had happened earlier. 
The look in Devin’s eyes turned colder.
###Chapter 992
Chapter 992
In the end, Devin did not send Sabrina to the railway station. 
Instead, he drove her back to Avenport. 
“How could I trouble you when you’re already so busy? You’re here because you have a lot of things to do, don’t you? Hurry up and put me down. I can ask for a friend to lend me a car; I’ll drive back myself.” 
Unable to take it any longer, Devin roared, “Shut up!” 
Then, he slammed his foot on the accelerator, and they sped toward Avenport. 
It was the first time he had completely lost control of his temper. The thrumming anger in his veins kept taking over his mind. 
At Frontier Bay in Avenport. 
Although it had been two days since they returned, things were still lively in the Royal Court One. 
Rufus, Jackson, and Jackson’s wife came over every day. Moreover, when the members of the Hayes family heard about their return, they visited them. 
After a few distant relatives came to visit, Sebastian’s cousin, Saul, came to suggest to Sasha, “Sasha, why don’t you and your family head to the Hayes residence for a meal? You have so many guests every day; I’m sure it’s quite troublesome for you too.” 
When Sasha heard that, she nearly flinched. 
Although she wanted to go there, she had been observing the situation at the Hayes residence. A certain someone had not been showing up, and she did not know if he was trying to avoid her.
He had been absent even though he had asked her when she was going to come over. He even asked her if he should make arrangements for her to have a meal at a restaurant. 
After brief contemplation, Sasha answered, “I’ll discuss it with Sebastian first.” 
Saul nodded instantly. “All right. The two of you should discuss it first. You don’t need to worry about cooking because your sister-in-law will be helping. Preparing food for four to five tables won’t be a problem.” 
Like the others, Saul was joyous that they had returned safe and sound. 
Naturally, he was enthusiastic about helping them out. 
Once he was gone, Sasha went to the garden to look for Sebastian. 
However, when she went downstairs, she realized the man was drinking tea with those few older men again. Moreover, she could see the three fishing poles stabbed in the pond. 
What is he doing? 
Does he have no other way to appease these few old men other than drinking tea with them? 
Sasha stormed over. 
“Dad, Uncle Jackson, what are the two of you doing?” 
“Can’t you see? We’re fishing. Come, take a look, Sasha. Take a look at how big a fish I’ve caught.” 
The moment Jackson saw her, he excitedly motioned at her to go over to his side to look at the fish. 
Sasha was speechless, but still, she went to him.
When she saw the flopping golden fish in the bucket, her eyes slowly drift toward the man at the side. 
However, the man remained expressionless as he drank his tea. If Sasha’s memory served her right, the fish in the bucket was worth hundreds and thousands. 
Yet, he was not batting a lash at it at all. 
“It’s fantastic, Uncle Jackson. Enjoy your fishing. I need to have a talk with Sebastian for a bit.” 
“Go ahead.” 
Jackson, who was certainly enjoying his time, waved happily. 
It was then Sasha dragged Sebastian back to the third floor of the villa. 
The moment they were upstairs, Sasha blurted out, “Are you insane? Why are you letting them fish at the pond? You’ve been raising those fishes for years! If you want to entertain them, you can always bring them to a lake outside or something!” 
Nevertheless, Sebastian shrugged nonchalantly. “They’re just fishes. I can always raise more. Why were you looking for me?” 
At that, Sasha sighed before entering the main topic. 
“Saul was suggesting for us to go to the Hayes residence instead of having guests come over to our place every day. Then, we’ll invite them to the Hayes residence instead. Do you think it’s a sound plan?” 
She then tentatively looked at him. 
Truthfully, Sasha had actually sensed something amiss about him.
First of all, the Hayes residence was the place he grew up at. Even if Frederick was no longer around, as the child Frederick had raised, Sebastian should still take a trip back to the Hayes residence. 
However, he did not. In the past two days, he never mentioned it at all. 
Why was that the case? 
It was mostly because Solomon had already moved into the Hayes residence. 
“Why should I go there? It’s troublesome and small. We can always book a space at a restaurant if we’re going to host a meal.” 
As Sasha expected, Sebastian rejected the suggestion right away. Even impatience and irritation had crept upon his face. 
Thus, Sasha did not dare to insist on it. 
She looked away from him and nodded. “All right, I’ll tell Saul about it.” 
With that said, she turned around to head back downstairs. 
All of a sudden, Sebastian grabbed her arm. “You look unhappy.”
###Chapter 993
Chapter 993
“Do I?” 
“Do you not?” 
With a quick tug, he pulled the woman into his arms. He then held her tight before his warm kiss touched her lips. 
Her heart raced, and a blush appeared on her cheeks. 
“O-Of course not. What are you thinking about?” she stammered out. 
She could feel his warm body pressing against hers, and her womanly instincts told her to flee. 
Yet, it was daytime, and they had guests. She was almost sure he would not do anything. 
She was not exactly right; she was now in his hands, and he was not going to let her go easily. 
Sebastian tightened his grip, and like a helpless bunny, she was pulled toward the dresser. 
Oh my god! What is this b*stard trying to do? 
Sasha was fixed to the spot by fear. 
“I have nothing else in my mind other than the need to tell you who your man is!” 
With that, the man began showering her kisses. 
At the same time, his hands crawled toward her collar. 
By the time Sebastian and Sasha went back to Frontier Bay, the two men in the garden were still fishing.
The group of women was still downstairs as well. Sabrina did not know what they were doing, but they were crowding together, seemingly merry. 
My, what happened to the owner of this house? 
In the past, other than the ones who lived in this house, no one was allowed in, not even a bug. Yet, the sight in front of her was akin to a supermarket. 
Sabrina widened her eyes. 
“Ms. Sabrina, you’re back?” 
Wendy, who was in the villa, spotted Sabrina standing by the doorway in a daze. Immediately, she excitedly rushed over to greet her. 
It was then Sabrina came back to her senses and walked inward while Devin followed her at the back. 
“Ms. Sabrina’s here!” 
“Quick, Sabrina’s back. Let’s say hello to her.” 
The people who were in the first floor’s living room were all Hayeses. When they saw Sabrina, they all promptly stood up. 
It was the same reaction as the one they had when they saw Sebastian. 
After all, Sabrina was like the devil of the family as well. 
The moment Sabrina saw them, she scrunched up her pretty face. “Why are all of you here? Where’s Sebastian and the others?” she barked out. 
In an instant, the rest froze.
Then, Wendy chuckled awkwardly. “Ms. Sabrina, they’re all here to visit Mr. Hayes and Madam. It seems like the two of them are upstairs. Ms. Sabrina, may I know who’s the one behind you?” 
Wendy was a smart woman. She knew that Sabrina was going to kick up a fuss, so she hastily changed her focus to the man behind her, Devin. 
Finally, Sabrina dropped the scowl. 
“He’s Devin, Sebastian’s cousin. Get him to come downstairs to greet him. I have other things to do, so I’ll get going first.” 
After that brief introduction, Sabrina turned to leave. 
Wendy stiffened. 
Even Devin was stunned by Sabrina’s abrupt words. 
When Sabrina was about to leave the house, he recomposed himself and grabbed her wrist. “Where are you going? This is your house, and your brother isn’t downstairs yet. Are you going to leave me alone here?” 
“What else do you want? I’ve already brought you to this place.” 
His pull had been too sudden, so Sabrina lost her balance and nearly fell into Devin’s arms. 
What is he trying to do? 
He said he wants to come and look for Sebastian, so I’ve brought him here. What else does he want? 
Annoyed, Sabrina struggled to pry his hand away.
Unfortunately, although she knew some self-defense moves, she was no match for a special forces officer. 
Devin did not care for niceties at all as he began berating her, “Is this the way you treat guests? How did I treat you when you were at the Jadesons? Since your brother is missing, and I’m unfamiliar with this place, are you going to toss me here all by myself? Isn’t it rude?” 
Sabrina took in a deep breath. 
Has he lost his marbles? This is such a trivial thing, but he’s actually putting on such a grave look and reprimanding me about it? When did he become a petty man like this? 
Once again, Sabrina was stunned. 
Nevertheless, she fell silent after hearing his words. 
After that, she quietly waited for Sebastian to come downstairs with Devin while the Hayeses quickly made themselves scarce. 
After three to four hours—Devin even went to the garden to play chess with Rufus—Sebastian finally appeared after his shower. 
“Sebastian, what have you been doing? Why were you upstairs for so long?” Sabrina began grumbling when she saw her brother. She had been put through an uncomfortable wait, after all. 
At that, Sebastian raised a brow.
###Chapter 994
Chapter 994
“What could I possibly be doing with my wife upstairs?” 
Sabrina pressed her lips into a thin line. 
Thousands of thoughts flashed past Sabrina’s mind, but in the end, she could only articulate a word in her mind. F*ck. 
“Fine. I’ve led the guy here, so I’m going to leave now.” With that, she turned to leave again. 
The guy? 
Sebastian slowly turned to look outside. When he saw a tall figure clad in olive green in the garden, a sneer grew on his lips. 
“Did he tell you that he’s here for me?” 
“That’s right.” 
Despite her swift answer, a trace of despair danced across her eyes. 
Sebastian turned to look at her. As the look in his eyes darkened, he waved dismissively. “Go ahead. You don’t need to come over tonight.” 
At that, Sabrina narrowed her eyes. 
Although that was the result she wanted, she still could not help but feel worse after hearing his words. 
In fact, a scowl even emerged on her face. 
In the end, Sabrina left.
Devin did not realize it. He was still playing chess with Rufus while listening to the latter tell stories of when he was in the army. 
“I still remember that Commander Shin had been as young as you when I was in the army.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. Back then, he had been a major in the special forces as well. In the past, he used to train me and Sebastian’s father. I mean, his foster father.” 
Even now, Rufus was still delighted and proud of that moment. 
Back then, Shin had been a legend in the army. It was as if he was born to serve the country. At a young age, he had gained great achievements, and even the United Nations had given him a badge for it. 
Yes, Rufus thought, it had been a great honor to have trained under him. 
Devin quietly listened to his stories. 
He had heard too many things about that uncle of his, and that uncle was someone he dared not start comparing himself with. 
Nevertheless, he was jubilant to hear that some thought he was like his uncle—that there was a hint of Shin in him. 
In the middle of his conversation, a soft voice traveled into his ear. “Devin.” 
Sebastian put down the chess piece and turned around. “Sebastian? You’re finally here.” 
Sebastian nodded before shoving his hands into his pocket and walking over. Without any emotions on his face, he swept his eyes across the chessboard and asked, “Why are you here? Didn’t you say that
you’re going to investigate the firearms smuggling case?” 
Sebastian knew about it because Devin had told him about his recent activity. 
Devin tensed up. 
“Yes, well, I was nearby, so I decided to pay you a visit.” Devin was lying. Of course, he did not want Sebastian to find out that he had been acting out of character, for that was too embarrassing. 
Sebastian fell silent after that. 
However, his expression darkened further as he stared at Devin. 
Soon, the two exited the garden and returned to the villa. Sebastian poured two glasses of red wine for them. Only after a sip of the red wine, then did he continue. 
“Did you take on this smuggling case yourself, or did the higher-ups assign you to this?” 
“I took it on myself. Didn’t you ask me to get closer to the White House? I don’t think this case is going to be resolved any time soon. I’ve looked into it, and I’ve found out that it’s an international case involving several countries. If I leave, I’d have to stay overseas for months. Maybe even half a year.” 
Devin told him all the details of his plan. 
It was a good plan. In half a year’s time, congress would pick a new leader. 
At the same time, there would be a new council as well. 
By then, it would be none of his business even if he came back. 
Finally, a look of satisfaction crossed Sebastian’s face.
“Okay. Nonetheless, from now on, you should prioritize the army and be less involved with the White House, especially that old man. Tell him not to interfere in things that aren’t his business,” Sebastian reminded. 
Devin agreed to it. 
However, neither of them knew that even the powerful ones could be powerless at times, especially for the Jadesons. 
By the time Devin left, the sky was starting to get dark. 
“I’ll be leaving now.” 
“Okay.” 
Sebastian stood up and sent him to the door. 
Right as Devin was about to step out of the house, Sebastian asked, “By the way, how did you encounter my sister today? Was she at the provincial capital?” 
“Oh. Right.” Devin halted in his tracks as an odd expression crept onto his face. 
“When I went by the provincial capital here, a local cop told me that there’s someone who’s involved with smuggling luxury car parts and that he might be involved in the firearms smuggling case, so I went to look for the guy,” Devin told him the tale he had long prepared in his mind. 
Sebastian continued staring at him without blinking. 
“That’s where you encountered her?” 
“Yes, she was… there.”
“Right. That guy was her date of the day.”
###Chapter 995
Chapter 995
Sebastian had heard the awkward tone and seen his stiff body, but still, he said those words without care. 
Devin was rendered speechless. 
What did that moment looked like? 
That moment was just like when a culprit is trying to come up with excuses until someone slapped him with solid evidence of his wrongdoings. 
Devin’s face turned from red to pale before turning dark. Devin, who had never been anything else but calm and collected even in the face of the worst terrorists, was panicking. 
The changes of the expressions on his face even amused Sebastian. 
“Sebastian…” 
“It’s fine, really. I know you don’t want to marry her because of what happened between me and your parents. Still, Devin, would you listen to my plea? If you’re really determined, for the sake of our friendship, please don’t give her hope anymore.” 
Both fell silent after that, but Sebastian continued staring at him. 
Sebastian was not wearing many layers. The weather in the south was much warmer than the weather in Jadeborough, which was a city up north. Yet, as he stood there—as the setting sun made his shadow longer—he looked like a demon. That sent chills down Devin’s spine, and it made him pale as well. 
For a moment, he wanted to explain everything to him.
However, when he thought about how his parents had died a tragic death and what his mother’s last words had been, he closed his eyes. 
“Okay. I got it,” he squeezed out in a quiet mumble. 
Then, he turned and left. 
Sebastian watched him leave as his heart sunk, his fingers curling to clench his fists. 
“Sebby, why are you standing there? I heard that Devin was here. Where is he? Has he left?” 
Right then, Sasha came down the stairs and spotted the scene from the inside of the villa. Almost immediately, she jogged over. 
Sebastian finally looked away. 
“Yes, he was busy.” 
He turned around to look at her. When he saw that she had come out with just a thin scarf, he reached out to pull her into his arms and covered her with the jacket he was wearing. 
“Why are you down here? You didn’t even put on your coat.” 
“I was in a rush to come out here when I heard that he’s here. Sebby, was he here to look for Sab? Oh, yes. I even heard that Sab came back with him. Are the two of them…” 
Sasha popped her head out of his jacket to look up at him. 
However, the man did not answer her question. 
Instead, he lowered his head to press a hard kiss on her plump lips.
Sasha was taken aback by his action. 
“All right. Let’s not try to matchmake them anymore. There’s no good ending for them. If you really have the time, you should be explaining to me why you’ve abruptly gone to the hospital to work again.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was dumbfounded by the completely unrelated question. 
“I… I’m there to earn a living.” 
“Earn a living?” 
“That’s right. Look, we’ve just moved here. You… You’re not going to go back to the Hayes residence, right? We’re a big family, and we certainly need to spend money. Even though you still have some savings, it’ll deplete eventually. So, I contacted my old coworkers at the hospital to ask them to introduce me to the job.” 
Sasha was terrified, and she could barely manage to stammer out her explanation while he fixed his piercing gaze on her. 
What she told him was her plan. 
Sasha did not know how much Sebastian had left. 
However, if he did not return to the Hayes family, then it was likely that they would go bankrupt soon without an income. The three children were in school, and other than their living expenses, the gigantic house they were living in was also… 
Sasha was in quite a rush to get a job.
However, to her surprise, right as those words left her mouth, the man who had his arms wrapped around her shot her a weird look. 
“Do you mean to ask me to hand over all my assets?” 
“What?” Sasha was caught off guard by his question. “No. That’s not it. That isn’t what I’m talking about…” 
“All right. You can have them.” 
“Huh?” 
That statement was nothing but a bolt from the blue. 
Half an hour later, in their bedroom on the third floor, Sasha found herself staring at the various certificates of property ownership and credit cards that were lying all over the ground. 
Once again, she was baffled. 
“Look, Darling, these are all my assets, and now, they’re yours.” 
Sasha did not speak. 
“I heard from Peter and the others that married men are like this. They’ll hand their pay over to their wives, and they’re earning the money for their wives. Everything’s the wife’s, and that’s how their families are always happy. Therefore, Darling, that’ll be how our family is too.” 
At the end of his speech, Sebastian even handed her the small bag that was closest to him. 
What the heck did Peter tell him?
Sasha was stupefied, and her eyes were wide to the point they seemed like they were going to pop out of their sockets. 
With trembling hands, she took the bag from him and opened it. 
Holy moly! 
She could not withstand the shock and fell down to the ground. 
What the heck? They’re all diamonds!
###Chapter 996
Chapter 996
In the end, Sasha did not go to work. 
It was not because she was knocked out by the shock of his wealth, but because after the three children returned, so she would have to enroll them into a new school. Thus, she had to tell the others about her search for a new school. 
“Sasha, I think Avenport Central Elementary is a good choice. The three of them should enroll in that school.” 
“How could you let them go there? The school they should be in should be none other than Empire Elementary. It’s the best elementary school here, and it’s also under Hayes Corporation. Our children study there too.” 
The few sisters-in-law of the Hayes family had once again come together to offer suggestions to Sasha. 
Sasha was stumped after she heard them. 
In terms of facilities and enrolment package, Empire Elementary was indeed the best. However, she knew nothing about its quality of education. 
After what happened at Opal Garden Academy in Jadeborough, Sasha was traumatized by private schools like these. Even if it was under Hayes Corporation’s, she was still worried. 
In the end, she decided to take a look at the school herself. 
“Wendy, I’ll be taking a trip to the school. Please take care of the children at home.” 
“All right, Madam,” Wendy swiftly answered as she watched Sasha leave.
In the last two days, Sebastian was often away from home. No one knew what he was doing, and he only returned in the evening. 
Sasha drove and left Frontier Bay. 
“Hello? Luke, it’s me, Sasha. I’d like to ask if you still have Empire Elementary’s headmaster’s number?” 
“Huh, Mrs. Hayes?” 
Luke was stupefied to have received the call from her, and he leaped to his feet in response. 
“Of course, of course. Mrs. Hayes, are you planning to send the children to that school?” he asked, his excitement clear in his voice. 
It seemed like he had completely forgotten that he was still at work. 
Sasha hummed an agreement before saying, “That’s right, since school is about to start soon, and since we’re back, I’d like to make the arrangements as soon as possible. So do you have the headmaster’s number? If you do, please send the details to me.” 
“Of course I do! I’ll send it to you right away,” Luke hastily replied. 
After ending the call, and just as he was about to send the headmaster’s contact details to her, he raised his head. 
It was then he realized there was a young man in a suit, with his sleeves rolled up, holding a stack of documents standing in front of him. 
“M-Mr. George?” 
“This is the contract that we’ve just signed with LG. Organize it.”
Solomon barely had any expressions on his face. 
The eyes behind his gold-rimmed glasses glanced at Luke before handing him the contract he had just signed. Then, he turned and went back to his office. 
Luke was silent the entire time. 
As he stared at his retreating figure, cold sweat beaded on his forehead. 
To Luke, the new president was much more even-tempered than Sebastian Hayes, who constantly had mood swings. 
Most times, the new president would speak to his subordinates in a calm and collected tone. 
He rarely lost his temper. 
Therefore, Luke had a relatively easy time returning to his job. 
However, alarm bells were ringing in his head as he watched Solomon enter his office, and chills ran down his back. 
It had been such a long time since the people at Frontier Bay had contacted them. 
Instead of heading to the school first, Sasha went to the mall after receiving the headmaster’s number. 
She was planning to get some gifts. Although Empire Elementary was under Hayes Corporation, she still needed to show some gratitude toward those who were going to teach her children. 
“Miss, may I know what you’d like to buy? Are these gifts?” 
“Yes, I’d like to know how much this is,” Sasha asked as she pointed at one of the gift baskets.
The shop attendant instantly walked over to assist her. 
Right then, someone else entered the shop. 
“Nancy? What a coincidence!” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha, who was looking around the gift baskets, immediately turned around to look at her. 
Without turning around, she knew who it was just by hearing the name Nancy. Only one person would call her by that name. 
“Solomon, what a coincidence indeed. Are you here to shop too?” Sasha abruptly felt awkward when she saw him. 
Thinking about it, I think I’ve been avoiding him for a week. 
“Not really. I passed by this place and thought I saw you, so I came in.” 
In contrast, Solomon was calm. 
The young man was in a black suit, standing by the doorway. After a year, he had returned to his original state of tranquility. When he stepped into the shop, his eyes landed on Sasha for a brief second. 
Soon, he let his eyes drift toward the gift basket she was looking at. 
“What are you doing?” 
“I’m thinking of getting one of these to the school. We’re back now, so I’ll have to enroll the children in a school. I was just thinking of taking a trip to Empire Elementary.”
###Chapter 997
Chapter 997
While Sasha felt awkward to see him, she was not unhappy. In fact, she felt relieved. 
Empire Elementary? 
Solomon studied the gift basket for a moment before saying, “Are you planning to send them there? If you’re going to, there’s no need for you to send them this. I’ll just inform them about you.” 
“No, no. That’s not what I mean,” Sasha hurriedly explained. “I know it’s easy to enroll in that school, but I’d like to extend my gratitude to the teachers. Don’t you know that some of the teachers have it tough nowadays?” 
At that, she furrowed her brows. 
Solomon fell silent as he turned to study the woman’s pretty side profile. All of a sudden, something emerged in his mind, and a myriad of emotions danced across his eyes behind the glasses. 
“In that case, I’d suggest for the children to study in a public school.” 
“Really?” 
“Yes. Have you forgotten about how we used to be in public schools? Although public schools might not have facilities as good as private schools, the teachers are fair to all students. As long as the kid’s grades are good, they won’t be neglected. On the other hand, the environment at the private schools is a competitive one,” Solomon pointed out. 
The moment his words traveled into her ears, Sasha gasped. 
He’s right! Why didn’t I think about this? 
After making up her mind, Sasha decided to forgo purchasing the gift basket.
Noticing that her problem had been solved, Solomon pointed to a cafe in the mall and suggested, “Why don’t we sit over there? It’s been a long time since we’ve had a chat.” 
It would seem rude for her to reject his suggestion right after he had helped her out, so Sasha went to the cafe with him. 
Once they found a place to sit in the cafe, Sasha began explaining the reason for her not to have contacted him after their return. 
After a moment of silent contemplation, she muttered out, “I’m sorry, Solomon. I didn’t visit you after coming back. We’ve been busy as we’ve had tons of guests over our place every day. I did think of calling you once I’m free, however.” 
Nevertheless, Solomon did not mind. 
“It’s fine. By the way, what plans do you have?” 
“Plans?” Sasha wondered out loud as she stirred her coffee. Then, she shook her head. 
“Nothing for now. I’m only thinking of making arrangements for the children’s enrolment. My father is in poor health, so I’m thinking of spending some time to help him recover as well.” 
“I see. What about him?” Solomon suddenly asked. 
Sasha froze. 
He’s asking about Sebastian? 
Taken aback, she spent a while staring at him before mumbling, “I… I don’t think he’s doing anything right now. I’m not very sure.” 
“Then, when you go home, ask him if he wants to come back to Hayes Corporation.”
“What?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in shock. 
“Back to Hayes Corporation? Do you mean that…” 
“I’m planning to return to Jetroina. After all, I’m only temporarily managing the company when the two of you were caught up in the incident. Now that he’s back, he should be taking back this role too. That way, I’ll be able to leave earlier,” Solomon said, finally revealing the main topic of the chat. 
Both his voice and face were calm as if he was not involved in the matter at all. 
Sasha was speechless as she continued looking at him, gobsmacked. 
Is there something wrong with my ears? Did he just say what I think he did? 
“Are you insane? He can’t go back to Hayes Corporation!” 
“Why not?” 
Once Sasha snapped back to her senses, fury burned bright in her chest, and she began muttering, “Isn’t it obvious? He’s not a genuine Hayes. Will the shareholders be willing to accept him if he goes back to Hayes Corporation? The company has already been handed to you. How could he possibly take it back from you?” 
Sasha did not think that Sebastian would return to Hayes Corporation, for she knew that Sebastian was not a man who would do that. 
Furthermore, she could sense that things had not been completely resolved with the Jadesons despite their return.
Therefore, what reason did Sebastian have to go back to Hayes Corporation? 
Yet, what was surprising to her was that the man in front of her seemed to be dismissing everything she said. 
“It still isn’t mine. Three days, then. Tell him about it. In three days, I’ll hold a press conference about it. Whether or not he comes will be up to him.” 
Once he was done with his piece, he stood up. 
Sasha was silent. 
It was only until when he was about to leave the cafe then did she come back to her senses and ran after him. 
“Solomon George, stand right there! Solomon!” 
It was the first time in her life she had been shouting his name so furiously. 
Nevertheless, he did not even pause in his tracks. Soon, he was back in his car, and in seconds, he was gone from Sasha’s line of sight.
###Chapter 998
Chapter 998
“How could he do this?” 
Sasha fumed as she stomped her foot, the vein on her temples throbbing. 
She had not expected things to have turned out that way. 
However, she knew nothing of what happened in the grey car that sped off. Before the car had even turned around the corner, blood had trickled out of his nose when he lowered his head. 
“Mr. George!” 
The young woman, who was driving, was frightened out of her wits, and she slammed her foot on the brakes. 
Immediately, the car came to a rough stop in the middle of the road. 
She hastily grabbed a handful of tissues as she turned around and sobbed out, “Mr. George, what’s the matter? Are you okay?” 
However, after the man took the tissues and stopped his nosebleed, a look of calmness crawled onto his pale face. It was as if the nosebleed was not his at all. 
“Why are you in such a panic? I’m not dying yet.” 
“Mr. George…” 
The woman’s lips trembled as her eyes reddened even more. 
Regardless, she dared not say anything else. Once he stopped bleeding, she averted her sorrowful eyes and forced herself to look at the road again. In minutes, the car started up again and drove off.
Forty minutes later, at Hayes Corporation. 
“Jamie? Why are you back alone? Where’s Mr. George?” 
Luke was surprised to see the president’s secretary coming back alone. 
Indeed, the woman in front of Luke was Solomon’s secretary, Jamie Marley, also known as Jetroina’s Akiko Sato. 
After Solomon came to Hayes Corporation, she had been spending lonely days at the Jetroinian bar. Hence, he brought her over to work for him as his secretary while Luke became his assistant. 
Jamie nodded, her face still pale. 
“He went to meet a client and asked me to come back to the office to grab something. Mr. Scott, please postpone all afternoon appointments for today. He said he isn’t free and is unsure if his schedule will open up the next day,” Jamie promptly told him. 
Luke then watched her enter the president’s office. Soon, she emerged out of the room with some of Solomon’s stuff before leaving the office. 
A last-minute meeting with a client? 
Why don’t I know about it? Even if it’s a sudden meeting, shouldn’t he be informing me, his assistant? 
Moreover, he has postponed all appointments for the afternoon. 
Why is he doing things like these so often recently? He wasn’t like this before. 
Luke’s mind was buzzing noisily with the number of questions in it.
However, there was nothing he could do to find the answers, for Solomon was not around. In the end, he could only postpone all of Solomon’s afternoon appointments. 
At Royal Court One, Frontier Bay. 
Sasha, who was already home, told Sebastian, who just came back, what happened in the afternoon. 
“Sebby, I didn’t mean to look for him. I encountered him at the mall, and he told me he’s going back to Jetroina soon. He’s only giving you three days. What are we going to do?” she worriedly asked. 
Of course, she made sure to emphasize to him that she was not the one who was looking for Solomon in the first place. 
Nevertheless, the moment Sebastian heard the threat, a scowl appeared on his handsome face. 
“Does he have a death wish?” 
Sasha kept her silence as the hairs on the back of her neck rose. 
At that, his scowl grew. “Very well. Tell him that I want to see him gone after three days. If he’s still around, I’m going to fly him back to Jetroina on a helicopter myself!” 
Once those words were squeezed out through his teeth, he stormed upstairs. 
Sasha remained downstairs, her heart still in her throat in fear. 
That was terrifying! 
He’s clearly not saying the truth! Look at his demeanor. If Solomon actually leaves in three days, he’s going to skin him alive!
How did the two of them end up this way? 
Sasha groaned. 
Left without a choice, she went to Sabrina. 
Sasha: Sab, where are you? 
Sabrina: What? 
It had been two days since Sasha had talked to Sabrina, but Sabrina’s response was still as crude as always. 
It’s okay. I’m the better woman. 
Sasha: Something has happened at home. I encountered Solomon when I was out shopping today, and he has told me he’s going to quit and go back to Jetroina. He wants your brother to go back to the company, but your brother doesn’t want to. What now? Sasha could not help but shudder at the thought of a leaderless company. 
When the woman in the bar saw the message, she threw the glass of wine in her hand onto the ground. 
“F*ck! None of them have any brains!” she shrieked. 
The surrounding people chanced a glance at her before quickly looking away. 
They all knew who she was—she was Sabrina of the Hayes family. 
Only a young man in glasses dared to approach her. He carefully walked to her side and asked, “Ms. Hayes, are you all right?”
###Chapter 999
Chapter 999
“Who are you?” slurred Sabrina while gazing at the person in front of her. 
“It’s me, Isaac. Do you remember me, Ms. Hayes?” 
Isaac? 
Who the f*ck is that? 
Drunk as a skunk, Ms. Sabrina Hayes had no recollection of a person named Isaac. 
Isaac assisted her out of the bar and uttered, “Ms. Hayes, you’ve had a bit too much to drink. I’ll drive you home.” 
“I’m… I’m not going home. I need to find that son of a b*tch! Does he think he can just waltz into the Hayes Residence whenever he wants? I’ll make him pay!” 
Having said that, Sabrina plunged into the car. 
Isaac had no choice but to drive her to her destination. Following the directions given by Sabrina, they arrived at a fancy apartment building. 
“Ms. Hayes, is this the right place?” 
“Yes. His apartment number is 2503. I’ll go and find him.” 
Perturbed about her safety, Isaac went with Sabrina. 
After I heard that the military officer had gone to Zarain, I came back here in secret. 
Upon returning to this city, I ran into her… 
Sabrina knocked on Solomon’s front door.
The sound of her knocks echoed through the empty hallways. 
As soon as Solomon opened the door, Sabrina shouted, “You little piece of sh*t! I heard that you’ve decided to leave my family business alone. The guilt has finally gotten to you huh? So, what now? You gonna run back to Jetroina with your tail between your legs?” 
Sabrina, who was still intoxicated, pointed her finger at Solomon’s nose. 
Livid, Solomon glared at her with a minatory look on his face. “Scram! You crazy b*tch!” 
Before he could shut the door, Sabrina quickly forced her way inside. 
Bang! 
Sabrina kicked the door open and ended up hurting Solomon’s forehead. 
“Ah! Are you okay? You’re bleeding!” 
Isaac was stupefied. 
Seeing the blood on Solomon’s forehead, Sabrina was stunned in place. 
Solomon, on the other hand, was rather nonchalant about all of this. He gave Sabrina a frigid glance and went back inside his apartment. 
Ten minutes later, Sabrina took a seat on the sofa beside Solomon. After Solomon was done tending to the wound on his forehead, Sabrina stared at him and queried, “What are you up to? Sasha told me that you’re going to Jetroina in three days. Is that true?” 
“Yes.” 
“Why?”
“Do I need to have a reason? I just feel like going back there. Besides, like you said, I’ve just been intervening in your family business here. Shouldn’t you be enraptured now that I’m leaving?” 
Solomon sneered at Sabrina. 
You’ve always been cold toward me, Sabrina. Even though I’m your biological brother, you’ve never really acknowledged my existence. 
If it wasn’t for me, the Hayes family wouldn’t have gotten as far as it did. But that doesn’t mean anything to you, does it? 
With that said, why are you not delighted now that I’m leaving? 
“Enough about that! You should focus on your own matters!” Sabrina responded with gravitas. 
Solomon gazed vacuously at her. 
Focus on my own matters? 
What matters is she referring to? 
Does she want me to run her family’s business? I thought she wanted me to go back to Jetroina. The contempt look that she gave me just now was definitely screaming, “Go back to Jetroina!” 
Solomon was reticent to say anything. 
Isaac walked up to the man with a band-aid on his forehead before uttering, “Pay her no mind, Mr. George. She’s just a bit drunk and sullen. You guys really shouldn’t argue with each other. It’s not good when siblings fight with each other. Don’t you agree?” 
It wasn’t until this point that Solomon noticed another person in his apartment.
Isaac? 
Isn’t he the guy from the Sheerwood family in Summerbank? 
Solomon let out a chuckle before querying, “Do you know why she’s been drinking?” 
“No…” 
Isaac shook his head honestly. 
After ten seconds of complete silence, Solomon added on, “Do you like her?” 
“Yes… I do.” Isaac stuttered. 
Solomon put on a smile. “How deep is your affection for her? Are you willing to accept her as a whole, including her flaws?” 
“Yes!” Isaac replied steadfastly.
###Chapter 1000
Chapter 1000
When Sabrina woke up, it was already the next day. 
Upon opening her eyes, she was met with the vintage aroma of the wooden bed frame. On top of her was a green gauze curtain billowing in the wind. Since her head was still aching, she couldn’t figure out where she was. 
“Ms. Hayes, you’re finally awake. Are you feeling a bit better now?” 
Seeing as she had woken up, a young man in glasses rushed over to her bedside. 
Sabrina was baffled. 
Isaac? 
Why is he here? 
Sabrina let out a frown as she rubbed her head. 
Isaac hurriedly explained, “You were drinking at a bar yesterday. Subsequently, you went to your brother’s apartment and caused a ruckus. I brought you back here after you passed out.” 
“My brother? Was he in Frontier Bay?” 
Sabrina’s face turned ashen. 
Hearing Isaac’s words, Sabrina thought she had gone to disturb Sebastian when she was drunk to argue about matters regarding “that man”. 
Isaac shook his head. 
“No, he was at his apartment. Did you forget? You were the one who guided me there.”
The image of her gonzo behavior yesterday was evoked to Isaac’s mind as he said that. 
However, that didn’t have any effect on his impression of her. 
Sabrina breathed a sigh of relief. 
Caressing the back of her head, Sabrina got up from her bed. Wait, I know this place. It’s the Hayes Residence! 
I can’t believe this wimp brought me here. 
Sabrina trudged up to the table in front of her and drank the cold cup of water on top of it. 
“Ms. Hayes, you shouldn’t drink cold water first thing in the morning. Not to mention, the weather is getting quite chilly recently. I’ve prepared hangover soup for you. You should drink that instead. Go wash your face. I’ll bring the soup to you.” 
He knows how to make hangover soup? Really? 
Sabrina turned her head to glance incredulously at Isaac. 
“What… What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing. I’d just like to ask, where did you learn to make hangover soup? Did you make it yourself?” Sabrina had an awkward look on her face. 
I didn’t know men are capable of making a soup like this. 
All the men I know are either as bossy as Sebastian or as patriotic as Devin. 
Who knew that there are actually men who could cook?
Overjoyed, Isaac responded, “Yes, I made it myself. Since you’ve had quite a lot to drink yesterday, I figured that you might have a headache when you wake up. Hence, I went to gather the ingredients needed to make a hangover soup last night and made the soup for you.” 
“Oh, by the way, I’ve also made some desserts. I’ll bring them to you once you’ve finished the hangover soup. They will help to warm your stomach.” 
Isaac continued to blabber to Sabrina about the various desserts that he’d prepared. 
In this world, a man like Isaac is a rare sight. He doesn’t possess any great ambitions. A life of serene with his family is the only thing that he desires. 
To put it simply, he’s a family man. 
Sadly, I’m not really fond of this kind of man. 
In the end, Sabrina didn’t drink the hangover soup. She ignored Isaac and started heading toward the front door. 
Without a second thought, Isaac dashed after her. 
“Ms. Hayes, wait for me! Ms. Hayes——” 
“What do you want? Stop being a nudnik to me. I don’t need you anymore. Just go home, will you?” Sabrina was peeved. 
Upon hearing her words, Isaac’s face turned melancholy. 
“Ms. Hayes, I can’t go home.” 
“Why?”
“I came here in secret. After your friend frightened my Mom and dad, they sent me away to another country. I didn’t tell them that I was coming back here.” 
Isaac had an innocent look on his face as he lowered his head. Feeling anxious, he was constantly rubbing his fingers. 
Sabrina was taciturn. 
I am itching to kick him in the face right now. 
He dares to call himself a man? How pathetic can he be? 
Sabrina was starting to form an aversion toward Isaac. Miffed, she left without saying a word. 
Seeing as such, Isaac quickly went after her and got into her car with her. 
However, once he was in the safety of the backseat of the car, Isaac let out a sinister smile… 
Sabrina decided to drive to the Bartel Apartments. 
Even though she was drunk yesterday, she still more or less remembered Sasha’s message to her. 
That piece of sh*t! Who gave him permission to do this? 
Meanwhile, at the villa in Frontier Bay, the sweet fragrance of flowers was flowing in the air. Under the morning sky, the dewdrops on the flowers were shining like jewels.
###Chapter 1001
Chapter 1001
Sasha and Wendy were making breakfast in the kitchen. 
“Madam, are you sure you don’t want to eat at the Hayes residence?” 
“Do you think I should?” Sasha asked instead. 
Wendy put on a smile. “It’s not the matter of you should or shouldn’t. It’s just that since you’ve stayed here for quite a while now, Mr. George might start to encounter some problems.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. This company was given to him by Mr. Hayes. Over the past year, he was treated by many as anathema in the company. If you keep on avoiding to meet him, his situation will only exacerbate.” 
How is she cognizant of Solomon’s situation in the company? 
Sasha was perplexed. 
Is Solomon really in trouble? 
I should’ve thrown away my stupid pride and gone to see him when I came back. That’s the least I could do for him. 
Sasha was fraught with regret. 
“Sebby, what are you doing?” 
Sasha left the kitchen and headed upstairs to the bedroom. She saw Sebastian brushing his teeth in the bathroom and went up to embrace him from behind. 
Sebastian was a bit startled.
Huh? Why is she suddenly so feisty? 
Sebastian was rather aroused by her fervent embrace. 
“You want to do it again?” 
Sasha immediately released Sebastian from her arms. Her face was blushing as she gazed at Sebastian. 
“What… What are you thinking? I just wanted to talk to you about something.” 
“Oh.” 
Sebastian was a bit disappointed. 
After he was done brushing his teeth, Sebastian looked composed as he stared at Sasha and queried, “What’s up?” 
“It’s about Solomon. He’s not willing to run the Hayes Corporation any more. Sebby, do you think it’s because we didn’t go to visit him at the Hayes residence?” 
“What did you say?” 
It seems like I really can’t mention the name Solomon in front of him. 
Sasha hurriedly explained, “Wendy said that Solomon has been receiving catty remarks from the people in the company over the past year. If we don’t even pay him a visit now that we’re back, he won’t have any reason to stay in Hayes Corporation anymore.” 
“He’ll then hand over the company back to you, right?” 
Sasha was very careful with her words as she elaborated on the details to avoid enraging Sebastian.
After she finished her explanation, Sebastian finally started to calm down a bit. 
“He’s such a useless guy. Even with a year of experience, he still can’t manage the company properly.” 
“Yes. That’s exactly why we need to meet up with him. If not, you’ll end up taking over the company. I doubt you’ll want to run the company since you already have your hands full with the Jadesons’ matters,” uttered Sasha in a soft tone. 
Sebastian’s sulky look on his face started to slowly fade away. 
It’s true that I am rather busy dealing with the Jadesons’ matters. I’m currently working on the family’s smelting plant. I believe that it’ll turn out to be a better investment than anything the Hayes Corporation has to offer. 
The reason for that is that smelting is a very profitable field, especially when you’re smelting rare metal. 
It’s a shame that Stephen was too incompetent to run the smelting plant. 
“So what do you say we do?” 
“Why don’t we head over to the Hayes residence for a meal?” 
Upon hearing Sasha’s statement, Sebastian folded his arms and frowned. “Why go to the Hayes residence when we can just invite all the members of the Hayes family to eat with us at the Palace Hotel?” 
Sasha was speechless. 
He wants to invite everyone in the Hayes family to eat at a hotel? 
Overjoyed, Sasha lunged herself into Sebastian’s arms. “Sebby, I knew you would understand.”
“Ha…” 
Sebastian feigned a smile in response while Sasha gave him a kiss on the cheek. 
It seems like she still cares about Solomon… 
Sebastian was getting jealous. 
As such, both of them didn’t emerge downstairs till much later.
###Chapter 1002
Chapter 1002
Sabrina was already at Bartel Apartments. To her utter dismay, no one answered the door, though she had been knocking on it for ages. 
“Ms. Hayes, is your brother at work?” Isaac asked behind her. 
Pissed off, Sabrina blurted, “He’s not my brother!” 
She then went to Hayes Corporation in a fit of rage. 
To her surprise, Solomon wasn’t there. His secretary, Jamie, was packing up for him. 
“What’s wrong? Is he not coming to work now?” 
Jamie turned to look at her and explained calmly, “No, Ms. Hayes. I’m just clearing his documents and desk. Mr. George is with his client. Are you here for him?” 
Though Sabrina hated to admit it, she heaved a sigh of relief at the news. 
When she stepped out of the building, Isaac trotted behind her. 
“Can you stop following me? If you can’t go home, fly out of the country! Are you a crazy stalker?” Sabrina finally lost it and yelled at him. 
Isaac froze. “No, Ms. Hayes. I was just waiting until you’re free so we can get the Jeep Wrangler’s parts at the logistics company. I shall leave after we assemble the parts.” 
“What?” Sabrina was stunned into silence as her anger faded away. 
Jeep Wrangler? So this wimp followed me since I got drunk last night just to deliver the car parts? 
She couldn’t bring herself to curse at him anymore.
“Did you follow me just for the delivery?” 
“Mm!” Isaac nodded firmly. “Don’t you worry. The parts are imported legally,” he explained hastily, afraid that she’d get it wrong. 
Sabrina felt her head throbbing, for she could now be certain that this man was a fool. He took her joke seriously and even went to the extent of delivering the parts himself! 
Sabrina was at a loss for words. 
“How much is it?” she asked. 
“Y-You don’t have to pay me back. Just think of it—” 
“Shut the fuck up! Do I look like someone who needs your gift? Take my money, or leave with the stuff!” Sabrina hissed. 
Isaac had no choice but to take the money from her. 
Two hours later, Sabrina got the parts and delivered them to her garage at the villa. 
Isaac was still with her. 
That night in the Zarain forests, Devin was busy assigning tasks in a tent when he received a few photos on his phone. 
The photos were taken in an unfamiliar villa, but he immediately recognized the layout and design as a property developed by a real estate company under Hayes Corporation. 
Whose house is this? 
Confused, he swiped to the second photo.
As he wished, the second photo was of the interior of the villa. However, what he saw was a man wearing black spectacles squatting in front of a pile of car parts underneath the glaring light in a garage. 
There was a woman clad in a red leather jacket and a form-fitting miniskirt standing next to him. 
She was bending slightly to offer the young man a drink. They seemed like an affectionate couple in the intimate and warm scene. 
Bang! 
Rage flared up within Devin’s chest, and he punched the table angrily. 
The sudden commotion startled the other commanders. 
“Major Devin, what happened? Do you have news of the smuggling ring?” 
“Yeah, Major, tell us what happened.” 
They gathered around him, thinking that there was a change in the situation. 
Devin’s eyes were bloodshot, as the next photo was of both man and woman enjoying their meal on the dining table. 
The woman was crossing her legs carelessly, but the man was stealing glances at her. 
The adoration in his eyes was evident. 
He must have a death wish!
His gaze grew increasingly scary. He didn’t even know that a murderous intent was rising within him. It wasn’t even that serious when he was facing his enemies a while ago! 
“Major?” The other commanders were shocked. 
Boom! 
Suddenly, a loud boom reverberated in the air. Everyone blanched and rushed out of the tent. 
Devin dashed out behind them. 
“Listen, if you don’t let us leave, I shall take her life on the spot now!” 
When the smoke disappeared, to everyone’s utter disbelief, the smuggling ring that they had been after and was about to take down appeared before them with a hostage in their hands. 
“Who is that?” the other commanders inquired. 
Devin alone froze when he realized who the hostage was. 
“Devin? Save me! Devin!”
###Chapter 1003
Chapter 1003
The hostage was none other than Kira! 
Though she was held captive, she couldn’t stop tears from streaming down her cheeks at the sight of Devin. 
Devin scowled. “Why are you here?” 
“S-Shanae left me with these men. Devin, I wasn’t the one behind Coldbridge’s incident. Shanae forced me to do that. She threatened to give my parents a hard time in the Wood family. Aunt Jasmine is dead, so I had no choice…” she trailed off and wailed sadly. 
Devin was speechless. 
One commander asked, “Major Devin, is she your cousin? What should we do now? If we rescue her and let them leave, our efforts for the past few days would be in vain.” 
Though they were clearly reminding Devin of their mission, he couldn’t leave her to die. 
After all, Kira was his cousin. If she were to die here, he wouldn’t be able to face his aunt and uncle for the rest of his life. 
Thus, Devin ordered them to allow the criminals to leave. 
When Kira was released, she scurried to Devin, hollering, “Devin!” 
Without hesitation, she threw herself into his arms and trembled profusely. 
Devin was about to shove her out of his arms instinctively, but when he saw her shaking figure and pale face, he changed his mind.
“You’re all right now. I’ll ask someone to take you to the base so that you can get some rest. After wrapping things up, I’ll visit you.” 
“Okay.” Kira released her grip on him reluctantly. 
A special forces member led her out of the forest to their base. 
Everyone was caught off guard by the sudden situation. They had been working for a long time to capture those smugglers, but a woman appeared out of nowhere and ruined their plan. 
“Devin, why did your cousin suddenly appear in the hands of the smugglers?” 
After the other commanders left, one remained. He was close to Devin and posed the question to him. 
Devin frowned. “I’m not sure. She claimed someone handed her to the smugglers. I need to confirm that first.” 
His gaze was as cold as ice. 
Is Shanae capable of handing a Wood to the criminals? When did she get this bold? I can’t believe she’s this cruel. Isn’t she afraid that the head of the Woods family will skin her alive? 
Devin wasn’t completely convinced. 
He gathered a few commanders to hold a meeting in the tent. They decided on a plan before he left the forest and returned to the base. 
“Major Devin, you’re back? The girl’s sick. The doctor said she has dengue.” 
“Dengue?” Devin was planning on questioning her thoroughly when he heard about the news. 
Dengue?
His face fell as he lifted the mesh at the entrance and stepped in. 
It was true, for Kira was lying on the thin bed, unconscious from the high temperature she was running. 
Upon spotting him, the doctor rose to her feet and reminded anxiously, “Major Devin, you’re back. Your cousin has dengue, so we have to send her to the hospital as soon as possible.” 
Hospital? 
They were in the rainforest, and the nearest hospital was a few hundred kilometers away. It wasn’t an easy journey. 
Devin took one look at his cousin who was mumbling, “Devin, Devin… It hurts.” 
Her lips were chapped. 
However, she could still mutter Devin’s name when he showed up, though the fever fried her brain. Her rosy cheeks were stained with tears, as the pain was too agonizing for her. 
Devin fell silent. 
After a brief pause, he relented. “I’ll arrange for a car. How did she contract dengue, though?” 
“Her legs were wounded, thus weakening her immune system. She had been in the rainforest for some time, so it was normal for her to get bitten,” the doctor explained as she pointed to Kira’s bandaged leg, shrugging helplessly. 
The revelation stunned Devin as his gaze landed on her leg. 
He promptly turned around and left to arrange for a car.
The emergency made him forget about the photos he received a while ago. 
Back in Avenport. 
Sabrina and Isaac finally completed the initial model of her Jeep Wrangler after a day’s work. 
“Ms. Hayes, it’s late. Let’s continue tomorrow. The light isn’t great, so the final product might have flaws if we are to continue now.”
###Chapter 1004
Chapter 1004
Isaac’s hands were stained with grease as he stood up and wiped the sweat off his forehead and made that suggestion. 
Sabrina was tired, so she nodded. “Sure. You can get off work now.” 
She then took off her gloves and changed her shoes at the entrance of the garage. 
Today, she was sensible enough not to work in her heels. Previously, she would insist on donning her full outfit no matter what she did, like an out-of-place fairy. 
Isaac stole a glance at her. 
After she kicked off her sneakers, revealing her fair toes with nails painted black, she slipped her feet into her black high heels. It was a mesmerizing sight. 
Though she was charming and sexy, her chubby toes were extremely adorable. 
Isaac couldn’t keep his eyes off her. 
“All right, I shall take my leave. You can stay here for the night.” 
Sabrina wasn’t paying attention to this wimp. She grabbed her keys after changing her shoes to head back to the Hayes residence. 
This villa belonged to her, but she had only stayed here for a short period when she had a fight with her dad and Sebastian. 
She had been staying in the Hayes residence all the while as though this villa was nothing but a hotel to her. 
After all, her real home was still the Hayes residence.
Isaac’s eyes lit up at her words. 
Did she just say I can stay here for the night? If my investigation didn’t lie, no one has ever spent the night here. Am I the first one? 
Delighted, he asked, “Sure. Won’t you eat before heading home?” 
“Huh?” 
“There are still leftovers from the lunch I prepared this afternoon. Didn’t you praise my cooking? I’ve prepared a sea bass for dinner.” 
“Sea bass?” Sabrina halted. 
She wasn’t a glutton, but no one in the Hayes family knew her favorite was fish, especially sea bass. 
Her mom often cooked the dish for her when she was young. 
In the end, Sabrina decided to stay for dinner. 
When she was waiting for dinner to be prepared, Sasha gave her a call. 
“Where are you, Sab? Why aren’t you back for dinner?” 
Sabrina glanced at her phone in confusion, wondering if she had received the wrong call. 
“Are you back in the Hayes residence?” she asked. 
“I am, but Sebastian isn’t. This morning, we talked about Solomon and decided to invite him to dinner at the penthouse suite of Palace Hotel tomorrow. We’ve also invited our relatives and friends,” Sasha explained.
Indeed, she was back at the Hayes residence and enjoying her dinner now. 
Sabrina parted her lips in alarm. “Did he agree to that?” 
“Of course. Why would I lie?” Sasha assured her. “Where are you? You’re not back home.” 
“Why would I need to be home?” 
“I want to ask you about Solomon. Klara told me he hadn’t been home for some time. Where is he?” Sasha inquired. 
That was her real reason for returning to the Hayes residence. After receiving Sebastian’s permission this morning, she started contacting that man. 
Alas, until now, that man remained missing. Left with no choice, she returned to the Hayes residence, but he wasn’t even there. 
Sabrina froze for a split second. “Why would I know about his whereabouts? I’m not his secretary!” 
“You both reside in the Hayes residence, right? Don’t you know where he is?” Sasha urged with her brows furrowed up. 
However, to her disappointment, Sabrina had no idea where Solomon was. 
Though Solomon had a room in the Hayes residence, he rarely came back home. 
He would always scowl unhappily at the sight of Sabrina, let alone talk to the Hayeses. 
Thus, Solomon spent most of his time at Bartel Apartments in the city, which was a stone’s throw to his office.
Sabrina huffed. “Why are you asking me about his whereabouts? Sasha, are you mad? Don’t you know about our relationship? You should be asking his Jetroinian secretary!” 
This was the last thing she said before cutting the line. 
Back at the Hayes residence, Sasha parted her lips in astonishment. 
Jetroinian secretary? Who could that be? 
She belatedly realized that she was out of the loop. 
After finishing dinner, Sasha left the Hayes residence and went to Luke. 
Right then, her phone rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Nancy, I heard you’re looking for me?” A man’s voice rang out from the other end of the line. 
It was as though there was a ray of light shining right at her in the dark, causing Sasha to stop in her tracks.
###Chapter 1005
Chapter 1005
Solomon! 
Snapping back to her senses, Sasha demanded, “Yes, where have you been? I’ve been looking for you the entire day, but to no avail!” 
She had been looking for me for the whole day? 
Lying on the couch, Solomon felt warmth spread through his heart when he heard her words. The pain torturing his body disappeared as well. 
“I was out of town to meet a client. Why are you looking for me?” he asked. 
“Oh, I see.” Sasha relaxed upon hearing his explanation. 
As long as he was working as per usual, they wouldn’t need to worry as it meant that things were still salvageable. 
“Well, we’re planning to treat everyone to a meal at Palace Hotel tomorrow night. Remember to be there.” 
“Palace Hotel?” 
“Yes, we haven’t treated anyone ever since our return. People have been visiting us nonstop, so we’ve been busy socializing with them. Now that we’re somewhat free, we’ve decided to treat everyone to dinner tomorrow night. You’re very important to us, so remember to show up,” Sasha reminded him sternly. 
Now he knows how much we value him. 
She waited for his answer patiently.
Indeed, after her revelation, the man fell silent as though he hadn’t expected her decision. 
She wants to treat us to dinner at Palace Hotel and reminds me to be there! 
In the end, he chuckled lowly. 
The moment his lips curled up, a spike of pain shot up his spine. At once, his face drained of colors as sweat perspired on his forehead. 
“Mr. Akiyama, don’t move. We’re carrying out the bone marrow biopsy.” A man in a white coat appeared and pressed him down firmly. 
Sasha asked, “Who’s that? Why is he talking in Jetroinian?” 
She was sharp enough to catch that. Nevertheless, though the man in a white coat was talking in Jetroinian, and she was fluent in that language, his intonation plus the static on the phone made it hard for her to hear everything he said clearly. 
At once, Solomon covered the speaker and glared at the doctor, his eyes laced with agony. 
“Mm, that was my assistant. We’re in the middle of a meeting. Nancy, I’ll contact you when we’re done,” he managed between gritted teeth. 
“Oh, sure. I’ll call you tomorrow,” Sasha agreed. 
Her doubts faded into thin air after hearing his explanation. She then cut the line. 
Good. He’s not missing and even agreed to show up at dinner tomorrow. That means nothing will happen three days later, right? 
Sasha drove back to Frontier Bay.
Two hours later, it was late at night in Avenport. In an ordinary suite in Palace Hotel, the syringe was finally pulled out from Solomon’s back. 
He immediately retched in reflex as pain branched across his back like lightning. 
Jamie had been staring at him during the whole treatment. She rushed over to him hastily and held him. “Mr. Akiyama, are you all right? Mr. Akiyama?” 
Haruto glanced at her. “This is just the beginning. If he can’t take it, what will happen when it gets worse later?” 
Once he said that, Jamie turned at her shoulder and glowered at him, her expression both furious and terrified. 
“I told you not to treat him. Are you that free?” 
Unable to continue the conversation, Haruto placed the syringe containing the bone marrow fluid that he extracted for a whole three hours into the mini-fridge so he could take it back to Jetroina and run tests on it to develop an antidote. 
“Mr. Akiyama, though you had an unlucky childhood and got poisoned by your own mother, look at the people around you now. They care for you a lot. Why are you still so negative?” 
Solomon said nothing. 
As he picked up his medical kit, he asked sincerely, “By the way, didn’t you just receive Ms. Nancy’s call? Don’t you feel happy to be alive?” 
Solomon felt a prick in his heart. 
Of course he had felt it.
Back then, he even forgot about the pain that was torturing him as his heart was full of warmth and joy. 
Solomon froze in his tracks. 
After Haruto left, Jamie stayed back. She wet a towel with warm water to wipe the bloodstains on his back gently. 
She didn’t forget to dry his forehead that was wet with sweat. 
“Mr. Akiyama, I think Haruto is right. You can’t be this negative. Look, Ms. Nancy is back. As long as you stay alive, you’ll get to see her every day,” Jamie suddenly blurted out. 
She tamped down the bitterness in her heart and tried to persuade him to change his mind. 
Solomon lowered his gaze. Right then, he gazed at the city view before him that was shrouded in darkness. 
No one knew what was going on in his mind.
###Chapter 1006
Chapter 1006
Another person who had a sleepless night was Devin. 
After sending Kira to the hospital, her condition stabilized quickly. He sat in her ward and finally took out his phone again. 
Devin didn’t even know what he was doing. 
Yet, when he focused on his phone screen again, he realized it was showing someone’s social media profile. 
What has gotten into me? 
Furious, he was about to exit the page but the top post on her account appeared in sight. 
I finally get to eat my favorite sea bass today! It’s delicious! The post was accompanied by a photo of cooked sea bass. 
Sea bass? Her favorite dish is sea bass? 
His brows furrowed together. Before he could put down his phone, he spotted a man’s reflection on the glass plate that the sea bass was served on. 
It was a man wearing glasses! 
Crack! 
His fists balled up. 
“Devin…” Right then, Kira regained consciousness after her temperature receded.
Devin said nothing as he stared at the post. Before he realized it, his fingers glided over the screen deftly. 
Devin: What have you done? That smuggler has returned to Adonia to the Sheerwood family. Has my order fallen on deaf ears? 
Member A: Sorry, Major. We’re on it right now. 
Member B: Got it, Major. On it now! 
Member C: We shall reflect on our mistake and carry out your order ASAP! 
The squad members promptly offered their apologies and promised to get to the bottom of this as soon as possible. 
Did I just send that post to the special forces platoon group chat? 
The man stared at his phone and zoned out briefly. 
“Devin?” Kira coughed and struggled to sit up since he had ignored her. 
The moment she sat up, it felt like the whole world was spinning. She promptly collapsed back to the bed. “Devin.” 
Finally, Devin heard her voice. 
“You’re awake? How do you feel? Are you feeling better?” he asked, pocketing his phone. As she made to sit up, he went to her and helped her up. 
It was normal for him to offer his help, for she was his cousin and a patient now. 
However, Kira beamed happily at his action, her every pore oozing delight.
“I feel better now. I’m sorry, Devin.” 
After sitting up, she hung her head low sadly at the thought of troubling Devin. 
Devin got her a glass of water. 
He only saw her as a cousin sister and nothing more. It was obvious by how he defended her in front of his mother. 
Thus, he didn’t notice her current expression. 
Devin pulled a chair to her bed and sat down. “There’s no need to apologize. You didn’t do it on purpose, anyway. I have a question, though. How did Shanae find out we’re after the smugglers and left you in their hands?” he questioned. 
At once, a trace of anxiety appeared on Kira’s face, but it disappeared swiftly. 
It would be impossible to notice that if one didn’t pay enough attention to her. 
“I-I have no idea. After forcing me to drug you back in Coldbridge, she then kicked me out,” Kira revealed in a shaking voice. 
“She kicked you out?” 
“Yes. Back then, the White House was in chaos, and Alfred was crushed by your cousin. As a result, I lost my backing. After what happened at Coldbridge, I left your place and got captured by her men,” Kira explained, tears pooling in her eyes. 
Devin’s expression turned grim. 
Indeed, when he checked the surveillance cameras, it was her who had drugged him.
He was so furious back there that he swore to skin her alive! 
However, his grandfather, Jonathan, then showed up. Utterly disappointed, he prepared to resign and leave the Jadeson family. As a result, he ended up forgetting about the matter. 
Now that he thought about it, it seemed that he didn’t see her in Jadeborough. 
So it turns out Shanae kicked her out that very night? 
Devin found it hard to believe that a pretty face in the Woods family was capable of doing that. 
Who are the forces backing her up? 
“Tell me. Where did they bring you after capturing you?” 
“I don’t know, Devin. They kept me in a van after abducting me. One day, when they brought me out for a breather, I heard them mention your name. I was so excited and revealed that you’re my cousin. I’m really sorry about that, Devin.” 
Finally, the reason Kira was brought to Devin was uncovered. 
She belatedly realized that her cowardice action had ruined Devin’s plan and hung her head low as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
Silence ensued.
###Chapter 1007
Chapter 1007
If she was telling the truth, Devin wouldn’t get mad at her. 
Though the plan was of utmost importance, it was equally important for them to save the hostage’s life. After all, their goal was to protect the people’s lives and property. 
Devin stared at her for some time and decided not to say anything. 
“Get some rest. I’m glad you’re fine. I need to return to the military base now,” he said and stood up. 
Kira panicked and grabbed his arm without warning. 
“Devin, can you keep me company here? I’ve just regained consciousness and can’t move around. I’m afraid as it’s too dark here.” 
She looked out of the window, tears glistening in her eyes. Her face was pale, as though she hadn’t recovered from the shock. She held onto Devin’s arm tightly, refusing to let go. 
The helpless expression of a damsel in distress was usually catnip for a man’s protective instincts. 
Alas, Devin took one look at her and frowned before retracting his arm. 
Kira was dumbfounded by his response. 
“Stop it. I’m here to work, not to fool around!” he declared sternly. 
In a split second, his expression turned grim and annoyed. 
Kira shuddered. She dared not utter a single word. 
She was fearless, but the only thing that would scare her witless was her cousin’s rage. 
Shortly after, Devin made his leave.
A special forces squad member arrived not long after and stood watch outside her door. 
Two hours later, at the base. 
“Major, you’re finally back. I’ve investigated Ms. Woods’ story. She had been in the smugglers’ hands for a few days, but they claimed not to know who Shanae Woods is.” 
“They don’t know her?” Devin was scowling as he listened to Henrick’s report. “If they don’t know who she is, how did Kira end up in their hands?” 
“Major, please allow me to finish. They don’t know who Shanae is, as they had always contacted someone known as Drakon. Shanae seems to be his mistress!” 
Henrick whipped out a photo. 
Devin glanced at the photo. Indeed, the woman wearing shades standing next to a burly man full of tattoos was none other than Shanae Woods. 
His expression immediately soured. 
“She has a death wish! Where is she? Have you found her?” 
“No. When we arrived, everyone, including Shanae, had made their escape. The Woods family just found out about this, and Old Mr. Jadeson is fuming, too,” Henrick explained. 
The investigation report stunned and shocked everyone to the core. 
After all, Shanae was pretty and wealthy. There was no reason for her to end up with a thug like Drakon. 
Jonathan had even selected her as a candidate for his granddaughter-in-law. Thus, her action struck them as ridiculous.
Devin’s expression darkened in fury as he commanded, “Relay my orders. Capture both of them alive!” 
“Yes, Major. Is your cousin clear of suspicion now? She didn’t lie, for it was Shanae who did this to her,” Henrick mentioned Kira out of a sudden. 
Devin still refused to buy his cousin’s explanation. As an experienced commander, there was no way he’d believe her explanation without solid proof. 
Hence, when he was sending Kira to the hospital, he told his men to investigate Shanae. 
It never crossed his mind that Kira was telling the truth. 
“Leave it for the time being. We’ll talk about it after she recovers and returns home.” 
Knitting his brows, Devin made up his mind. 
It wasn’t that his doubt was dispelled. Now, their mission was more important! 
Henrick nodded and left. 
A few hours later, the elite team formed by elites from various countries came up with a new plan to capture the criminals who had escaped. In the end, they decided to move their base. 
In the hospital, Kira could already get off the bed. “Move their base?” When she heard the news, her face paled instantly. 
Is he going to leave again? What about me? 
Her fingers dug into her palms forcefully.
The squad member who had just updated her assured her, “Don’t worry, Ms. Woods. Major had made the arrangements. When you recover, I’ll send you back home.” 
Kira didn’t speak. 
She ignored him and trudged out of her ward slowly. 
That very afternoon, when the squad member was about to pay the medical fee before Kira’s discharge from the hospital, a loud boom echoed around the hospital. 
Everyone descended into chaos. 
“Terrorists have arrived! Flee for your life!” 
“Help! Help!” 
Everyone screamed. Even the doctors and nurses were panicking. 
The squad member visibly blanched and dashed toward the emergency room without hesitation. 
They were in a war zone, so it was normal for terrorist attacks to happen. 
Upon his arrival, screams pierced the air. 
There was an explosion in the emergency room, too!
###Chapter 1008
Chapter 1008
The squad member’s eyes turned bloodshot as he dashed forward while yelling, “Ms. Woods? Ms. Woods, where are you?” 
“I’m here, Mr. Dahl! I’m here…” 
Amidst the ruckus, a familiar female voice rang out, accompanied by a series of coughs. She seemed shaken. 
The squad member, Karsten Dahl, scurried toward her instantly. 
Indeed, in the emergency ward that was blown up, he saw a woman curled up in a corner shaking in fear. She was both bruised and battered from the explosion. 
“Ms. Woods, don’t be afraid. Are you all right?” Karsten hurried to her side and checked her condition. 
Luckily, though she was injured, it wasn’t serious. The moment Karsten arrived, Kira collapsed to the ground in fear. 
“Devin! I-I want Devin…” she wailed like a traumatized child. 
Grabbing Karsten’s arm, she demanded to see Devin. 
Karsten was at a loss for words. 
He took one look at her and picked her up. 
After they entered his SUV parked outside the hospital, he drove back to their base. 
Back in Avenport.
To prepare for tonight’s dinner with Solomon and the Hayeses, Sasha woke up early to head to the hotel so that she could select the dishes herself. 
Sebastian could barely conceal the shadow on his face. 
“You seem to care for him a lot,” he remarked gloomily. 
“Ah?” Sasha raised her head and looked at him. “Sebby, stop it. I’m doing this for you! If he resigns, you’ll have to return to Hayes Corporation!” she uttered with a pout. 
Sebastian fell silent. What’s going on? I’m the upset one, but why do I have to coax her now? She’s grown smart now, huh? 
Realizing the situation was now in her control, the man clenched his teeth angrily. 
The moment she shot him a pitiful gaze, his heart had already melted into a puddle. 
He strode over and pulled her into his embrace before planting a firm kiss on her lips as a form of punishment. He then released her. 
“All right. Drive safe. I won’t be home today.” 
“Mm?” Sasha’s brain was fuzzy from the sudden kiss. His words didn’t really register in her brain. 
“Where are you going?” 
“I have an appointment with the customs” Sebastian answered. He didn’t reveal much, though. 
Customs? Is this about the Jadesons’ smelting plant? How does it concern the customs? Is it part of something complicated? 
Sasha broke out into a cold sweat.
However, she didn’t press the issue any further. 
After all, she knew the Jadesons weren’t ordinary businesspeople. They also had connections with the political world. 
Ten minutes after Sasha left, Sebastian grabbed his keys and went down the stairs. 
On the way out, he heard a commotion from Ian’s room that was right beside the stairs. 
“Hurry, Daddy’s coming downstairs. We have to end the call so that he won’t find out!” An adorable voice demanded anxiously. 
Sebastian heard footsteps pacing around nervously inside, and everyone stopped talking. 
Little imp, I’m not deaf! 
Sebastian pretended not to hear them and walked down the stairs calmly. 
When his car disappeared from sight, the three kids ran out of the room and made sure he had left for real before heaving sighs of relief. 
“Thank goodness he didn’t find out.” 
“Right. If Daddy finds out we’ve been video calling Great-grandpa, he’ll yell at us. Matt, Ian, I heard him first. I did a good job, right?” Vivian leaned on the railing as she tried to fish for praise. 
Matteo patted her head. “Yes, you did a good job. Remember to always stay alert!” 
“Mm!” Though Ian was a child of few words, he responded in the positive. 
The three of them went back to Ian’s room.
“Ian, Great-grandpa wants to visit us. What should we do? He also reminded us to keep it a secret from Daddy. What is going on?” Matt asked in confusion. 
Vivian chimed in, “Yeah, I don’t get it, too.” 
A cool glint flashed across Ian’s face. “He’s too proud!” 
Both Matteo and Vivian were speechless. 
Blinking in confusion, Vivian stared at Matt before turning to Matt as her father’s expressionless face appeared in her mind.
###Chapter 1009
Chapter 1009
Worthless pride? 
Is this a disease? It looks like it runs in the family. 
Finally, the three children decided to tell Great-grandpa to come over during Grandpa’s birthday. 
Because both Daddy and Mommy would be busy celebrating Grandpa’s birthday, and they could take the opportunity to sneak out and see him. 
The little children were proud of their clever idea. 
However, little did they know, just when they decided, Sebastian, who was driving the car, had already called Mark from Jadeborough. 
“Hello? Mr. Sebastian?” 
Mark was flattered to receive the sudden phone call from Sebastian. 
“Tell the old man not to come over here these days,” Sebastian said expressionlessly. 
Huh? 
Mark was taken aback for a brief moment. “Why? Mr. Jadeson misses the children. He even said that he will be visiting them in a few days.” 
He didn’t hide it from him. 
But Sebastian denied without hesitation. 
“The matters of the smelting plant is not something simple. The rare-earth metal is a highly profitable industry by itself. Some of them could even be directly used in the military. If someone uses the
Jadesons name to start a smelting plant, there will be no way for the Jadesons to get away if anything happens.” 
Droplets of sweat started to drip from his forehead. 
Mark didn’t dare to say a word. 
“So… what do you plan to do, Mr. Sebastian?” 
“Not much. I will get back what is mine one step at a time. If he comes, everyone will know what I’m doing. Does he think he’s living a peaceful life for too long? 
His last words were utterly unbearable. 
Mark was shocked and horrified after hearing him. However, he found that those words couldn’t be more appropriate. 
Sebastian would always be Sebastian. His wit and vision were beyond compare. 
For many years, the Jadesons had never paid any attention to the smelting plant. They only treated it as a tool to make money at best, as long as it could make them money. 
Especially for Stephen. He would sometimes resent the smelting plant because it could only excel in the coal mining business, whereas the glassworks factory had superior sales potential. 
But now Sebastian told him that the smelting plant was the real cash cow. 
He also said that the smelting plant was linked to the military. If that was really the case, if someone were to smuggle the rare-earth metals in the name of the Jadesons to the military… 
Mark didn’t dare to imagine the consequences.
“I see. Mr. Sebastian, I’ll go to Mr. Jadeson and ask him not to go.” He hurriedly assured Sebastian before hanging up the phone and going straight to the Oceanic Estate. 
At the Oceanic Estate 
In his study, Jonathan was happy to finally set up the time to meet with his little great-grandsons. 
Janice, who came in with a cup of coffee, couldn’t help but tease, “Mr. Jadeson, did something good happen? I haven’t seen you being so happy for a long time.” 
“Well, I will be going to Avenport in two days,” Jonathan confessed happily. 
Avenport? 
Janice was also a pretty clever person. When she heard it, she immediately understood and got overjoyed by the news. 
“Is that true? That’s great. I quite miss them. Can I make some pastry for you to bring it there? Sasha really likes our Gossamer Creek pastry.” 
“Why not? Make more.” Jonathan casually agreed. He even requested for her to make more. 
Janice went out happily. 
After a while, Mark arrived and heard Jonathan in the study. He immediately went in and looked for him. “Mr. Jadeson, I’m afraid that you can’t go to Avenport. 
“What?” 
Jonathan instantly became displeased.
“Why can’t I go? You dare to stop me?” He got angry and started to curse. 
Mark quickly explained, “It’s not like that. Mr. Sebastian called me, saying that he had found something at the smelting plant. He said that it’s better that you don’t go because you might alert the public.” 
“What?” 
Jonathan froze. 
Alert the public? 
He didn’t understand. However, he controlled his emotions after hearing about the brat. 
“What do you mean? What did he find at the smelting plant? Didn’t I only allow him to take care of the property of the Jadesons? Why is he investigating now? Is there a problem with the smelting plant?” 
“Yes!” Mark’s expression became solemn. 
“Mr. Jadeson, our factory actually had more potential income in the past few decades. Mr. Sebastian found out that a mine in the north that is mining rare-earth metals had more profits than our factory’s annual performance!” 
Jonathan finally kept quiet. He didn’t know much about business, but he wasn’t ignorant. He understood now that he had heard from Mark. 
So, where did it all go? 
Who had the guts to steal from the Jadesons? 
Jonathan’s expression became stern. “I see. Would you please tell him to investigate thoroughly? I won’t be going there during this period.”
###Chapter 1010
Chapter 1010
“I will! By the way, Mr. Jadeson. I was wondering, how did you get your hands on our smelting plant back then? I seem to have never heard you mention it.” 
“The White House gave it to me. Back then, I made significant contributions to the country, so they gave me the Oceanic Estate and the smelting plant. 
Mark didn’t say a word for a long time. 
On the same day, Sasha was busy planning meals at the hotel. 
She personally went to the Palace Hotel to place orders for food, then went to the Hayes Residence to inform the Hayeses. By the time she was done, it was already afternoon. 
Sasha: Sab, are you at the office? Have you seen Solomon? 
Sabrina: Why are you always asking me about that piece of trash, you weirdo? Do I look like his secretary who knows about his whereabouts whenever? 
Sasha felt helpless when she received the reply on WhatsApp. 
She obviously cared about the matter. She just didn’t want to admit it. 
Sasha didn’t bother her anymore. She returned to Frontier Bay and planned to go back to the hotel at night. 
“Mrs. Hayes, you’re finally back. I received a call moments ago. Mr. Sebastian got drunk at Norden Isle and asked you to pick him up.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was stunned when she heard about it after having just returned.
Sebastian got drunk? 
That’s not right. Before I went out in the morning, didn’t he tell me that he was going to the customs? Why is he at Norden Isle? 
Could it be that he had another meeting for dinner later at Norden Isle? 
After returning from her thoughts, she returned to the garage and drove out in the white Porsche. 
She could understand if Sebastian was drunk at a dinner and asked for her to pick him up because he used to ask for someone to pick him up when he got drunk from socializing back then. 
However, he would ask Luke or Karl to pick him up. 
But now, Luke was busy helping at Hayes Corporation, and Karl’s whereabouts were unknown. Sasha and the others have not seen him since they came to Avenport. 
Sasha drove at high speed. Shortly after, she arrived at the Norden Isle pier. 
“Are you Mrs. Hayes?” 
“Yes. And you are?” 
“We are Mr. Giovanni’s subordinates. They had us wait here for you when they heard you were coming.” The two men who were waiting at the pier and explained to Sasha politely. 
Only then did Sasha understand. 
“You director is too kind. I am familiar with Norden Isle, so he didn’t have to worry about me. Thanks for welcoming me.”
“It’s our pleasure. In fact, any of us could have sent Mr. Hayes home. But he kept calling for you, so there was nothing we could do.” The two of them showed a very embarrassed expression, and Sasha blushed upon hearing it. 
Why is he so unreserved after having a bit too much to drink? What happened to his noble and glamorous attitude? Sasha was embarrassed by Sebastian. She quickly followed them onto the boat and headed for Norden Isle. 
Norden Isle was actually a delta located at the mouth of a river in Avenport. The alluvium of the river formed it over the years. Despite its small surface area, the scenery on the island was breathtaking due to the serene waters surrounding it. 
Back when Sebastian was in charge of Hayes Corporation, he was captivated by its beauty. So he spent a lot of money to build an expansive five-star hotel on it. 
There was also an abundance of leisure and entertainment attractions around the hotel. 
Therefore, Sasha was no stranger to Norden Isle. She could even remember the exact distance between the two places. 
However, when she was on the speedboat, they suddenly stopped in the middle of the river. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“Apologies, Mrs. Hayes. It seems like the engine on the speedboat is having some problems. We will handle it immediately.” 
After explaining the situation of the speedboat apologetically, one of them quickly went to fix the engine.
Sasha couldn’t say anything more. She took out her phone to call the drunk Sebastian on the island to inform him about the situation so he wouldn’t worry. 
“Ring… Ring…” 
“Hello, the number you have dialed is temporarily unavailable.” 
Darn it! I can’t even make a phone call on this darn island! 
Sasha twitched her eyebrows and was about to attempt calling again. At this moment, there was a notification on WhatsApp. Someone sent her a message. 
Sabrina: What the hell! That lunatic announced his resignation! 
Sasha stared at the text for a few seconds as she couldn’t even react. 
Did I read that wrong? 
Sabrina: I’m going there to kill him right now! 
Another relentless message came in. Sasha could feel the presence of Sabrina’s fury just by looking at her smartphone. 
It took a while for Sasha to regain her senses. She quickly tapped on Sabrina for a video call. 
“Hello? Sab?” 
“What are you calling me for? I’m going out now. I’m going to kill that useless man. That lunatic is really driving me crazy.”
###Chapter 1011
Chapter 1011
In the video call, Sabrina’s face was filled with rage. She was running out of a small villa with murderous intent. At first glance, Sasha knew that she was up to something terrible. 
Sasha’s face turned pale. 
“Where did you hear that from? I haven’t received his notice of the press conference.” 
“Nonsense! He uploaded a video on the Hayes Corporation website. There was no press conference at all. Damn! It’s all over the internet now!” Sabrina screamed toward her phone while getting into the car. 
Sasha felt the chills running down her spine. 
She quickly opened up the official website of the Hayes Corporation. 
Indeed, the video appeared in the most eye-catching position of the webpage. 
“Dear friends, as well as partners of Hayes Corporation. I’m recording this video today to tell you one thing. This year, thanks to everyone, I have successfully completed the task assigned to me by my family as the president of Hayes Corporation. I am thrilled, and I have learned a lot. I will never forget this experience. 
“However, Hayes Corporation is inseparable from its owner. Only he can take the company toward a more glorious future. Therefore, I will return the company to the hands of its owner, Sebastian. He was away for a year due to his health, but he is finally back now. I hope that the future Hayes Corporation will continue to prosper under his leadership.” 
Solomon still looked polite in front of the camera with gold glasses. He was wearing a black suit and tie, and his handsome face looked gentle. 
However, from the moment he spoke, he was no longer the lawyer that he used to be.
He was a leader! 
Sasha trembled with fury. She was angry because he lied to her. 
“Is the speedboat repaired? Could you send me back first? I will arrange someone to pick my husband up.” She hurriedly asked the two men. 
At that moment, she believed Solomon’s matters were more imperative and that Sebastian would think the same when he woke up. 
But the two of them suddenly stood up and looked at their phones, and their mood changed immediately. 
The president of the Hayes Corporation resigned? 
Then… the people left on Norden Isle? 
“Ugh-” 
Just when they had a sudden change of mood on the speedboat, and panic flashed across their eyes, suddenly, another speedboat came zipping between the waves from the direction of Norden Isle. 
“Sasha, come here-” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was surprised by the loud voice and turned toward the source of the sound and her pupils contracted at once. Unexpectedly- 
“Sebby?!” 
She was shocked!
The two of them also saw it and their faces turned pale. They were about to start the engines. 
However, Sebastian’s speedboat made it to Sasha at impeccable timing. He had already jumped off from his speedboat by the moment he was approaching closer. 
“Sebby!” Sasha screamed in fright when she saw him jump. 
Fortunately, the current Sebastian was no longer what he used to be. After being sent to the military base by Jonathan for three months of ruthless training, he became a qualified special forces member. 
Sebastian landed on Sasha’s speedboat. 
His eyes were almost terrifying, like a devil from hell. As he saw the two men preparing to start the engine, he quickly stood up on his feet. 
The very next moment, he dived at them with both feet first. 
“Argh-” 
The man who had his head down trying to turn the key to the speedboat shrieked as he got kicked off the boat. 
When the other man saw it, his legs started to tremble. 
He dropped his metal bar and stepped back in horror. “No- Mr. Hayes. We have nothing to do with this. It’s Mr. Giovanni- He told us to do this, Mr. Hayes-” 
Crack! 
Sebastian swung the metal bar in his hand onto his head.
Sasha was utterly speechless. 
When the man with the fractured skull got kicked off by Sebastian into the river, and she smelled the mixture of the bloody odor and the humidity of the river water in the air, her knees suddenly got weak. 
As soon as Sebastian saw it, he tossed away his metal bar and dashed over to hold her. “Darling!” 
Her face was pale from the shock, and even her eyes were filled with terror. When he held her in his arms, she couldn’t regain her senses for a few seconds. 
“Sorry, darling. That must have frightened you. It’s all my fault, my fault-” Sebastian hugged her tightly. 
At that moment, his heart was shredded into pieces from guilt, and he wanted to slap himself twice in the face. What have I done? 
Fortunately, because of the excessive perilous encounters that she experienced with him, Sasha gradually recovered after Sebastian comforted her for a while. 
Sasha calmed down in his arms. “What- What are you doing?” While still trembling, she asked in a tone that had traces of fear. 
Sebastian didn’t want to hide it any longer. “I’ve been investigating. I learned that Giovanni from customs had been signing access passes for rare-earth metals over the past few years. Thus, today, I was trying to get him to confess.”
###Chapter 1012
Chapter 1012
“Confess?” 
“Yes. There are many people involved in the smelting plant of the Jadesons, and all of them are government officials. I dare not act rashly to alert them, and I only came here today to inquire about it. But I did not expect him to be bold enough to strike the moment I arrived.” As Sebastian spoke, the murderous intent within him started to boil. 
Sasha’s jaw dropped. 
The story was too sudden and shocking for her. 
So even after leaving Jadeborough, was helping the Jadesons with their most treacherous task the only thing he could do? He had to protect them and even weed out the threats surrounding them? 
Sasha’s eye reddened. 
The Jadesons had hurt him so much, but he still chose to protect them blindly. 
“Darling- Don’t cry, okay? Don’t worry. I didn’t mean physical harm to me when I said strike. But he wanted to imprison me and force me to tell him the purpose of inquiring him.” 
Sebastian looked at Sasha as she began to cry in his arms. 
He was at a loss and didn’t know what to do. He could only explain and fumbled to wipe the tears from the corner of her eyes. 
Sasha looked at him while sobbing. 
After a moment, she finally asked. “Did you say it? If he knows that you came for the smelting plant of the Jadesons, will he really kill you?”
Sebastian could not give her an answer. 
Then, she finally heard the words coming out from the crevasse of his teeth. “No. He’s not that courageous. Not many people in this world dared to think about killing me.” 
Sasha was startled. But she regained her senses almost immediately. 
Well, he is so strong. He wouldn’t go for a suicide mission. He must have had everything planned out when he was investigating. After all, he did single-handedly turn the entire city upside down when he was in Jadeborough. 
Even the White House had fallen into a state of powerlessness. What’s to say of a mere customs director of a tiny remote city. Driving a speedboat out of Norden Isle unscathed proves it. 
Sasha finally calmed down completely. 
“Oh, by the way. I forgot to tell you one thing. That bastard Solomon actually posted a resignation video on the Hayes Corporation website. He announced that he is leaving Hayes Corporation and is giving the company back to you.” 
‘What did you say?” 
Sebastian squinted his beautiful eyes. 
That was the first time he had a big reaction about work. 
Is he about to get angry? 
Sasha’s heart started to pound. 
She didn’t know that just half an hour ago when Sebastian was still in the hotel on the delta behind him, Giovanni had someone keep an eye on him.
Even Giovanni himself kept asking him about his motives to inquire about the rare-earth metals. 
However, someone came in and said something to Giovanni’s ear, and he suddenly went out. 
Not only did the guards disappear, but even Giovanni himself also began to be at ease. 
At that time, he didn’t know what happened. He was still confused. 
But now that he heard about this unexpected turn of events, Sebastian suddenly had a revelation. 
Sh*t! 
In the Norden Isle hotel. 
Giovanni let out a long sigh of relief after watching the entire video. 
“So the reason Sebastian came to me to ask about rare-earth metals was because of the Hayes Corporation?” 
“I think so. He left the Hayes Corporation for more than a year. To reclaim his throne, he needs some foundation to impress the shareholders to accept him. Furthermore, rare-earth metal is the only market in which the Hayes Corporation was not involved.” Giovanni’s assistant agreed to his speculation. 
Giovanni’s felt even better after hearing his assistant’s deduction. 
“If that’s the case, then there is nothing to worry about. As long as he is not inquiring for the Jadesons, there wouldn’t be a problem.” 
“Precisely. But having said that, Mr. Giovanni, I don’t think he was here for that.” The assistant suddenly spoke secretively.
How is he so sure about that? 
Giovanni was particularly fond of gossips, and he became interested upon hearing it. 
“Tell me more.” 
“Yes, Mr. Giovanni. You might not have known that his cousin’s parents committed suicide because of him. That incident happened before Sebastian returned, and they happened to be in charge of the Jadesons’ properties. 
Unexpectedly, the assistant was very well-informed. He even knew about this. 
Giovanni became even more high-spirited after hearing that. “Such a thing happened? So he can’t take over their business. Isn’t this making the conflicts in his family even worse?” 
“That’s right. That is why Sebastian couldn’t have come on behalf of the Jadesons. So please don’t worry about it, Mr. Giovanni.” 
“Very well. We’ll invite him for dinner after he returns to Hayes Corporation. After all, I did try to harm his wife.” 
Suddenly, the assistant had a bad premonition.
###Chapter 1013
Chapter 1013
Sasha and Sebastian went back home together. 
That night, due to Solomon’s unexpected resignation and the Hayes Corporation’s turbulence, Sebastian was forced to rush to the corporation and summon all of the corporation’s old shareholders and top management to an emergency meeting. 
As for Solomon, Sebastian gave his people the order to find him. 
“Find him even if you have to turn Avenport upside down!” 
After the meeting, he was emitting such a murderous aura that the people in the conference room started to tremble. 
This was how the Hayeses should appear in the corporation. 
The president of the Hayes Corporation was supposed to be capricious and have a violent temper. Everyone in the corporation would tremble as long as he was there, and no one would dare to challenge him and do something that would harm the corporation. 
But, in reality, they would feel more at ease in this kind of environment. 
This was because they believed that only he could lead them to usher in a new century. 
The corporation’s top management went right away to carry out his order. 
Several old shareholders remained and attempted to invite the enraged Sebastian out to dinner. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’ve finally returned. Should we get together for dinner someday?” 
“That’s right, Mr. Hayes. We haven’t talked in over a year. All of us have so much to say to you. Why don’t we make a trip to Restaurant Palate? That was Mr. Hayes Sr.’s favorite restaurant back in the
day.” 
“Yes, let’s got to Restaurant Palate.” 
These old shareholders were so excited that they intended to reserve a table in Restaurant Palate’s best private room right away. 
Sebastian stared at them with a cold expression on his face. 
“Is this how you guys treat Solomon as well? Let me tell you that if he can’t be found, the first people that I’m going to fire are all of you old shareholders!” 
Bang! Sebastian threw the documents on the table, kicked away the chair, and stormed out of the room. 
The old shareholders stood there, looking at each other with puzzled looks on their faces. 
They could not figure out why Sebastian was upset about their invitation to dinner. 
Apart from that, they also did not understand why they had anything to do with Solomon’s resignation. Of course, there was also the statement about firing them, which they thought was excessive because they only wanted to invite him to dinner. 
In fact, they felt very wronged.. 
At the Frontier Bay, Sasha had not gone out since she was brought back from the dock. 
She was grounded. 
Although the incident at the dock was eventually resolved without any harm being done, Sebastian was still terrified by it. So, to ensure she did not become involved in any more accidents, he ordered his people to keep a close eye on her in the house.
At the very least, she would not be able to leave the house as she pleased for the next three days. 
“Karl, hasn’t Mr. Hayes returned yet?” Wendy, the housemaid, caught up to Karl and asked him at the villa’s entrance on the bottom floor. 
Karl looked upstairs with a cold expression. 
After confirming that Sasha was not eavesdropping on them, he wiped the sweat from his forehead and said, “No, he hasn’t. The situation in the corporation today is tumultuous, and Mr. Hayes is presiding over the overall situation.” 
“There shouldn’t be any problem, right?” Wendy asked. 
“Of course not. Mr. Hayes is present. There’s nothing to be concerned about,” Karl quickly consoled Wendy. 
Only then did Wendy feel relieved. 
After she let him in, she poured him a glass of water and asked, “Then why was Madam grounded by Mr. Hayes?” He won’t allow her to leave. Is it because Madam is concerned about Mr. Solomon and fought with Mr. Hayes about this matter? 
Unexpectedly, Wendy was unaware of the afternoon incident involving Sasha and them. 
She was concerned about Sasha, who was being kept grounded in the house. 
“No, Mr. Hayes simply does not want Madam to be concerned about the incident. It’s chaos outside, and he only wants her to be safe by staying at home,” Karl explained briefly. 
When he mentioned the word ‘chaos,’ he cast a light glance at his own hands.
When examined closely, there were still traces of blood inside the crevices of his fingernails, and the foul stench of blood could still be smelled from it. 
The people who messed with Sasha would never have a good ending. 
Wendy was finally relieved. 
At the same time, Sasha, who was sitting in the hanging garden on the second floor, was painting with his daughter. She was relieved as well after listening in to the conversations downstairs. 
So, Sebastian sent someone to look for Solomon? That’s good to hear. 
Sasha thought that after Solomon threw such a big mess at him, Sebastian would be enraged and kicked him out of the corporation, based on his temper. 
However, he did not appear to be acting like himself right then. 
Sasha suddenly remembered the person who was looking into the Jadesons and quickly took out her phone. 
Sasha texted: Luke, it’s me, Mrs. Hayes. What’s going on over there? 
Luke replied: Huh? We’re in a good situation here, Madam. After Mr. Hayes returned, everything calmed down, and the clients who cooperated with us no longer bothered us. 
Sasha could feel Luke’s happiness through the screen from his WhatsApp message. 
She heaved a sigh of relief. 
Then, she continued to text: Is there any new information about Solomon? I’ve heard that Mr. Hayes has already dispatched someone to find him. Has he been found?
Luke replied: So far, there hasn’t been much news. Well, Mr. George seems to have vanished from the face of the earth. We’ve already turned over Avenport to search for him, but no one has found him yet.
###Chapter 1014
Chapter 1014
Sasha did not know how to react to that message. 
At that moment, she felt worried again. 
After she returned home, she gradually realized what was going on. 
She reckoned that Solomon’s resignation video, which was posted on the Hayes Corporation’s official website in the morning, was made of his own volition. That was because he had already promised to meet her for dinner at the Palace Hotel. 
Yet, in the afternoon, he abruptly released his resignation video. Consequently, Sebastian was deliberately obstructed by the director of customs at Norden Isle. 
What does that mean? 
Sasha began to feel guilty and became more concerned. 
She then searched for another person in her WhatsApp and texted her. 
Sasha: Sab, is there any news? 
Sabrina: What news? He’s dead. 
Whenever I text this woman, she always replies to me with harsh words. Sasha frowned. 
After pondering for a while, she decided to change the question. 
Sasha: Then, where are you now? Are you still in Avenport? 
Sabrina: No, I’m not! 
Sasha: So, where are you, then? Are you in Jetroina?
Sasha had this sudden thought because Solomon had previously told her that if he left Hayes Corporation, it would imply that he wanted to return to Jetroina. 
She had a good hunch this time. Sabrina replied to her in WhatsApp not long after she sent the message. 
Sabrina: Yes, I am. How did you know that I’m in Jetroina? 
Sasha felt a little relieved, even if it was only a few words. 
She was aware of Sabrina’s feelings for Sebastian. This woman, who claimed that she hated and felt disgusted by her illegitimate brother, Sebastian, was in reality, treating him like family. 
If Sabrina had gone to Jetroina, then the issue with Solomon would no longer be a concern. 
Sasha: I’m just speculating. Oh, by the way, you’d better find Solomon fast. The corporation is forcing Sebastian to go over to them. Once he has stabilized the overall situation, it will be unfavorable for Solomon to return to the corporation. 
Sabrina: All right. I know what to do. 
Sabrina impatiently sent another message on her phone. 
After that, she did not text again. 
Sasha set her phone down and continued drawing with her daughter. 
She believed that Solomon would come back to the corporation. 
However, she was unaware that Sabrina, who was in Jetroina at that time, had no idea where Solomon was.
“Where the hell has this useless man gone to?” 
When Sabrina could not find him in the Jetroinian bar, her temper flared and she kicked a chair on the spot to vent her anger. 
Isaac, who was accompanying her, trembled when he saw this. 
“Ms. Hayes, Please… don’t worry about it first. We can look for him elsewhere. I believe he previously had a business relationship with Sinch Enterprise. We can go there to inquire about his whereabouts,” Issac said. 
Sinch Enterprise? Sabrina’s face darkened even more when she heard the name. 
That was the name she never wanted to hear again in this life because it reminded her of the cruel woman and the members of the Hayes family who died gruesomely at her hands. 
Sabrina was so agitated that she gritted her teeth. 
But, eventually, she loosened her fists, walked out of the Jetroinian bar, and went straight to Terrandya. 
After fifteen minutes, they arrived at the entrance of Sinch Enterprise. 
“Why don’t I go and ask in your place, Ms. Hayes? You can just sit in the car and wait.” 
Isaac was an observant person. He noticed the sullen look and the hatred in her eyes, so when they arrived at Sinch Enterprise, he took the initiative to ask the question. 
Sabrina glanced at him and said, “Fine, thank you.” This was the first time she thanked him. 
Isaac felt appreciated when she thanked him, and he got off the car in a joyous mood.
There was no longer any tie between Sinch Enterprise and Solomon after Yancy’s death and Solomon’s acquisition of control of the Hayeses’ corporation. It was eventually reclaimed by the Yamada family. 
However, Sabrina believed that since the mother and son pair had stayed in this place for a long time, there would be some information about Solomon’s whereabouts in it. 
“Do you mean Mr. Tsurka’s adopted son?” 
“Yes.” Isaac stood at the company’s front desk and politely communicated with them in fluent Jetroinian. 
Unfortunately, his heart sank when the Jetroina employee told him they knew nothing about it. 
“I’m not sure. Mr. Akiyama hasn’t returned to the company in a long time. All we know is that he owns a Jetroinian bar in Terrandya and has an investment in Yaleview.” 
“Yaleview?” When Isaac first heard the word, he felt baffled by it. 
Isn’t Yaleview in Zarain? Why did he go there to invest? 
Isaac brought the news back to Sabrina. 
As he expected, Sabrina also felt confused when she heard about the place. 
“Why would he go there? Is Yaleview better than Terrandya?” 
“Maybe he has another investment there. Should we go check it out since we already know he has a place like this?” Isaac was more rational about it. 
On the other hand, Sabrina was becoming impatient, and her rage was spreading quickly. But, at this point, she had no reason not to go.
###Chapter 1015
Chapter 1015
In the end, both of them hurriedly went to Yaleview in Zarain. 
At the time, Terrandya was an hour ahead of their hometown in terms of time difference. So, in Terrandya, it was already midnight. 
They finally boarded the plane to Thymion after another two hours. Zarain was a small country. Because there was no direct flight to Yaleview, they had to change planes in Thymion. 
When Sabrina boarded the plane, she felt despair about this trip. 
She was tired and uneasy at the time. It was unclear whether it was because she had been flying for six or seven hours from home, but her overall mental state was very poor at the moment. 
“Why don’t you take a break, Ms. Hayes? I’ll wake you up when we get to Thymion.” 
Isaac was very considerate. His heart ached when he saw her uneasy state. He told her to rest well while assuming responsibility for her care. 
With that, Sabrina fell asleep on the plane with no worries. 
However, even if she could sleep without worrying, the sleep she got during this trip was actually few and far between. 
It was because her stomach was constantly aching. 
Is it because I ate something wrong? Or could it be that my period is on its way? 
She was struggling to endure the pain, and after suffering through the pain for nearly ten hours, they finally arrived at their destination, Yaleview. 
“Ms. Hayes, We finally reached. Are you all right? Should we go to the hospital first?”
“No need, I’ll just eat some hot food when I get down the plane,” Sabrina declined. 
She then took her purse and exited the plane with a pale face while holding on to her stomach. 
When she got off the place, she found a restaurant in the airport and ordered some high-calorie local food and drinks. After that, her condition turned for the better. 
Isaac was relieved to see that she was fine. 
“So, where should we go first? According to Sinch Enterprise employees, Mr. George has some investments in electronics. Should we start looking for electronics first?” 
“Electronics?” Sabrina was slurping some hot noodles when she suddenly stopped eating upon hearing Isaac’s words. 
That’s right! Why didn’t I think of this? 
I remembered that the crazy man used to own an electronics company in Avenport. Prime Cloud Corporation is the name of this company. The ridiculous thing is that he even opened it directly across from Hayes Corporation. 
Recalling this, Sabrina stood up immediately, preparing to leave. 
“You’re right. We need to go to the downtown area right now and find that ‘Prime Cloud’ thing. I’m certain that if we follow this company name, we will be able to find that useless man.” 
“All right, let’s go!” Isaac found it amusing when he saw how impatient she looked. 
Nonetheless, in the end, he did not laugh because he was afraid she would scold him again if he did. With that, they walked out of the airport and took a cab downtown.
It was a suitable method to locate Solomon through the electronics company he had previously managed. 
However, they had no idea that when they arrived in this city’s downtown area, there were electronics companies everywhere they looked, which was bewildering. 
Holy sh*t, how can we find it? 
Sabrina was starting to get mad again. 
Fortunately, a janitor happened to walk by at the time, and Isaac immediately stopped him and asked in fluent Zarain, “Excuse me, may I know where the largest electronic company is usually located?” 
“Electronics companies? They’re all nearby the hospital.” 
“Oh, all right. Thank you!” Isaac thanked the janitor. 
When Isaac turned around, the first thing he saw was a woman glaring at him. 
“W-What’s the matter?” 
“Why do you know so many different languages? Isaac, what the heck is your job? Are you a smuggler? I’m telling you right now that if you’re a smuggler and you’re lying to me to get away from the cops, I’ll f*cking end your life.” Sabrina’s expression changed instantly, and she emitted a murderous aura. Anyone who saw her right then would shiver in terror. 
That was indeed the case. The only reason Issac was able to follow her here to Zarain was that Sabrina had been hiding him from the police in Avenport and had brought him along to Jetroina. 
If he was really a smuggler, Sabrina would definitely skin him alive.
Isaac had never seen her so terrifying. He was trembling with fear at that moment. 
“No, of course not… Ms. Hayes. Listen to me, I can speak so many languages because… because I am gifted in this area. I majored in language when I was in college.” 
“Multilingual?” 
“Yes… I have a master’s degree in it.” He carefully took out his phone before showing her a copy of his master’s degree certificate. 
Sabrina was speechless. 
The rage she felt just moments ago was stuck in her chest because she was stunned by the certificate and could not say anything else. 
Masters? Is there any good to have a master’s degree? I mean, take me for example, even if I did finish last in my school exams every year, I was still able to manage Hayes Corporation until it becomes a world-renowned corporation.
###Chapter 1016
Chapter 1016
The woman turned and left grumpily. 
After a while, the two of them hailed a cab and arrived at the area near the hospital as mentioned by the cleaner. 
Indeed, what they saw were high-rise buildings, with logos of large corporations hung on them, replacing those random small electronic firms which used to be scattered all over. 
Sabrina was so intrigued that she could not help staring out of the window while still seated in the car. 
“Sir, her leg will take some time to heal. You must make sure not to let her walk, yeah? You should either borrow a wheelchair from the hospital or carry her to the car. Remember to take good care of her when you get back.” 
Suddenly, Sabrina heard someone speaking in her local accent. 
What a coincidence! she thought, turning her head in the direction of the familiar voice. 
It was only then that the woman realized they were right outside the hospital entrance, where many people were passing by. A doctor in a white coat was walking two people out. 
One of them was a woman who was crippled in one leg, while the other was a man supporting her. He wore a concerned expression on his face and his eyes, filled with worry, were fixed on the woman, whose leg was bandaged and had a metal plate attached to it. 
Who are they? 
Sabrina’s pupils constricted as she fell deep in thought. 
A split second later, a realization seemed to have hit her as the color drained from her face.
“Devin, I… I don’t want to sit in a wheelchair. It wouldn’t be convenient for us. Can you carry me back? I promise I won’t wander about again.” Kira frowned, looking extremely resistant to using a wheelchair. 
She stood rooted to the spot and tears had already welled up in her eyes. She was looking at the tall- built man cautiously and in a pitiful manner, just like an abandoned puppy. 
A slight crease appeared between the man’s brows. After staying silent for a moment, he rejected the doctor’s suggestion for them to borrow a wheelchair and said, “I think we’re good without a wheelchair. It’s not that convenient for us.” 
“Sure, you take good care of her then,” the doctor reminded him once again. 
The man nodded. After the doctor left, he extended his muscular arms and carried the woman bridal style. 
At that moment, Kira felt so blissful that her head started spinning. 
That was the first time she was carried by the man. 
She had never expected that one day, he would carry her in his arms. Her dream had come true! 
The woman was shaking with happiness as she leaned against the man’s chest. Not only was she close enough to hear his heartbeat, but she could also feel the warmth from his body, despite the layer of clothes in between them. 
She felt that it was the happiest moment of her life! 
However… 
“Sabrina? You… What are you doing here?” the man exclaimed in a slightly trembling voice, stopping in his tracks abruptly.
He was staring straight ahead, with a shocked expression on his face. 
Kira’s face had also gone pale after she turned and looked in the same direction as the man. 
They did not expect to see that familiar face there and felt as if they were dreaming. 
Meanwhile, the woman in front of them had a dour expression, her eyes frosty cold. Even though there were other people walking to and fro in between them, the pair could still clearly feel the murderous aura exuded by the woman. 
“Ms… Ms. Hayes! Please don’t misunderstand. It’s just that… my leg was injured in an explosion. That’s why Devin is carrying me. Please don’t be angry.” 
Seeing that none of the other two had spoken, Kira, who was obviously terrified, immediately jumped in to clarify. 
Moreover, in order to prevent any further misunderstanding, she struggled to get out of the man’s arms. However, her injury was triggered once she moved. 
Kira shrieked in pain at once, beads of perspiration forming on her forehead. 
“Stop moving!” the man ordered while tightening his grip on the woman, who was stunned. 
Almost at the same time, the slender figure in front of them dashed over. 
Fury was vibrating through Sabrina’s entire being as she glared at the duo. Without saying a word, she grabbed Kira’s arm and flung it forcefully. 
Kira let out an agonizing cry. 
“You wanted to get down, right? I’ll help you!” Sabrina bellowed, almost losing her mind.
After pulling Kira toward the ground, she lifted her leg while still grabbing Kira’s arm. 
Wearing heels that were a few inches high, she gave the other woman a hard kick. 
Bam! 
Kira went silent this time around after being sent flying backward and landing hard on the ground with a horrifying thud. 
Oh my God! 
Everyone who had gathered at the entrance of the hospital gaped in disbelief. 
It was the first time they had seen such an aggressive woman attacking another human being so ruthlessly, just like how a beast would.
###Chapter 1017
Chapter 1017
Everyone felt chills run down their spines. 
Even Devin, who was holding Kira in his arms just a moment ago, had frozen on the spot. 
He only snapped out of his shock when he saw that Sabrina had picked up a parking signage which was placed next to the hospital gate, intending to slam it on Kira. 
The man could hardly believe that Sabrina was still unrelenting, despite Kira already being severely injured. He strode over to her at once and said, “Sabrina, that’s enough! What are you trying to do?” 
Is he asking what I’m trying to do? 
With bloodshot eyes, Sabrina, who seemed to have lost her rationality, turned around and glared at the man, who was currently grabbing her arms. 
“Can’t you see what I’m trying to do? She was the one who said that she wanted to get down from your arms to prevent any misunderstanding. Isn’t it obvious that I’m trying to help her?” 
“Sabrina!” the man shouted her name, breathless with anger. 
As if they were in a shouting match, Sabrina replied in an even louder voice, “Why? Did I do anything wrong? Listen, Devin. I’m going to kill this b*tch no matter what today!” 
Sabrina tried to struggle out of the man’s grip after saying that. 
A cold glint flashed across Devin’s eyes as he tightened his grip on Sabrina’s wrists and flung her backward. “Sabrina, you’re being ridiculous!” 
Sabrina let out a muffled cry. 
“Ms. Hayes, are you all right? Ms. Hayes?”
Just as Sabrina was staggering backward while covering her stomach with one hand, a figure dashed toward her, catching her just in time. 
Devin was stunned when that happened. 
His furious gaze remained fixed on the woman’s face which had turned pale, and his expression froze. 
“Ms. Hayes?” 
“I’m all right.” 
After more than ten seconds and enduring the excruciating pain she felt in her stomach, Sabrina slowly looked up, with Isaac supporting her. 
There was an inexplicable look in her eyes. 
That pair of clear, bright eyes, which had always radiated kindness, became ice-cold and were filled with disdain. 
Gradually, the shine in her eyes dissipated, just like a withered flower. 
That caused Devin to start panicking. 
“Judging from how concerned you are about your cousin, Major Devin, it seems like it’s entirely my fault. All right then, I shall give the two of you my blessings, wishing you a happily ever after to a ripe old age.” The corners of Sabrina’s lips curled up into an unfathomable smile as she said that. 
Under the bright sunlight, Sabrina’s black lipstick struck a huge contrast with her porcelain, fair skin. At that moment, she could easily be mistaken for a devil who had just escaped from hell, enchanting and alluring, yet giving off chilling vibes. 
Devin could feel the veins on his temples throbbing.
Did she just wish us a happily ever after to a ripe old age? 
Has she gone mad? 
Instinctively, the man wanted to explain himself, but before he could do that, Sabrina had already turned away and was slumped against Isaac. 
“Carry me.” 
Isaac was shocked at the woman’s request and was ecstatic. 
Almost immediately, he bent down and picked her up. 
“Sure, I’ll send you back to the hotel right now. Don’t worry, I’ll be right by your side, protecting you. I’ll make sure no one gets to hurt you.” 
“Okay…” 
Sabrina gave a satisfactory nod, then nestled in the man’s arms. 
Just like what Kira did while in Devin’s embrace earlier on, Sabrina leaned against Isaac’s chest obediently and closed her eyes. 
Not knowing how to react, Devin could only stare as the two of them left. He was trying hard to bite back his anger. He clenched his fists so tightly that cracking sounds could be heard. 
Isaac Sheerwood! 
Meanwhile, hearing what had happened to Kira, doctors from the hospital had managed to resuscitate her. The moment the woman woke up, ignoring the severe pain she was feeling all over, she looked toward Devin.
“Devin… Devin…” Kira called out in a pitiful voice. 
In addition to her injuries and the dried blood at the corner of her lips, anyone else would sympathize with her and rush to her side immediately. 
However, to her disappointment, Devin did not move an inch from where he was standing. 
He merely stared at her intently, his eyes glowing with savage fire, with hatred and resentment written all over his face. It was an expression that the woman had never seen on him before. 
It was as if he was looking at something utterly disgusting. 
“Bring her in!” 
“Please don’t do that! Devin…” 
“Get her parents to come over. Here’s their contact number!” Devin took out a pen and scribbled some numbers on a piece of paper, before tossing it to the doctors. 
He was cold and forbidding, looking like a completely different person from just a while back. 
“No, Devin. Please listen to me. I can explain! Devin, don’t go! Devin…” Kira started wailing in desperation. 
She cried out Devin’s name continuously while shrieking in agony. Completely abandoning her dignity, the woman crawled forward on all fours, just like a dog, attempting to get the man back. 
However, her efforts were futile, as the man walked further and further away. 
After he disappeared from her sight, a voice sounded as she was dragged up from the ground. “What happened? Even after scheming so much, you still can’t get what you want?”
It was another woman!
###Chapter 1018
Chapter 1018
When Kira heard that voice, an immense fear crept up on her face and she stopped crying at once. 
“Sha… Shae?” 
“Shae? You don’t have the right to call me that!” 
Kira screamed in pain as the woman tugged on her hair again. Just then, a very attractive woman stepped in front of her. 
The woman, who was adding fuel to fire, making the situation worse for Kira, was Shanae. Kira had previously told Devin and the others that Shanae had held her hostage and handed her over to the smugglers. 
However, currently, Shanae looked completely different from how she looked when she was in Jadeborough. 
The woman was wearing an extremely revealing tight-fitting slip dress and had also gotten a perm, the large curls in her hair flowing in the wind. 
She looked hideous with her heavily made-up face. It seemed like a distant past that Shanae was still that pure and innocent daughter from a scholarly family. In fact, the woman looked no different from those girls working at nightclubs. 
“I have never imagined that you would turn out to be the most vicious and scheming person in the Woods family. It must be hard on you to pretend to be harmless and innocent over the years, huh?” 
Shanae pulled Kira’s hair forcefully once again, picking her up from the ground. 
Kira let out a piercing scream in agony at once, feeling as if her scalp was being detached from her head.
The woman was terrified and started pleading, “You’re mistaken! It’s not what you think. Shanae, I can explain! I wasn’t the one who did that.” 
“Who was it if not you?” 
“It’s… It’s Sabrina who incited me to do that!” Kira exclaimed. It had suddenly occurred to her that she could make Sabrina the scapegoat. 
However, right after she finished speaking, Shanae slapped her face hard. 
“Do you think I’ll believe that? You persuaded me to drug Devin in Coldbridge, saying that it’s for my own good. It’s actually for yourself! I was at risk of being exposed after the plan failed, but in order to protect yourself, you sent me to Drakon instead. You wanted to spoil my reputation and push all the blame to me, didn’t you?” Shanae bellowed at Kira hysterically at the entrance of the hospital, wishing that she could rip the woman into pieces right then. 
She would give anything to return to that day before what happened in Coldbridge. 
That night, Shanae had not originally planned to drug Devin. It was Kira who had approached her, telling her that Sabrina had been harassing Devin and suggested that she should take advantage of his emotional state and sleep with him, sealing the deal since his parents had passed away. 
That way, Shanae would be able to become the lady of the Red Pavilion, which was what Shanae desired. 
After all, that was the Jadeson family. 
As such, she agreed to go along with Kira’s suggestion. While she had indeed gone to Coldbridge that night, Sabrina was the one who ended up benefiting from it.
That caused Shanae to be very upset, but at the same time, she was also extremely worried as Sabrina had spotted her. 
Thus, after Sebastian interfered with the matter and started investigating, she got flustered and approached Kira for help. 
Yet never had she expected that the woman, who had disappeared after the incident at Coldbridge, asked her to meet at a bar in Jadeborough and drugged her. 
When Shanae woke up, she was already in Drakon’s bed. 
“Kira, do you know how much I hate you? I was the most adored daughter in the Woods family, but because of you, I’ve become a vermin. You’ve destroyed my life, as well as the Woods family!” 
Shanae glared at Kira intently with her bloodshot eyes. She was so angry that her veins were bulging from her neck. 
Kira was utterly horrified and had turned completely pale. 
Trembling in fear, she wanted to continue to explain herself; however, just then, a man appeared behind Shanae. He was covered in tattoos, wearing sunglasses, and had a thick gold chain on his neck. 
“Shanae, what are you doing?” 
“Nothing much. I’ve prepared something good for you guys to enjoy tonight. Are you interested?” Shanae said with a menacing smile while staring at Kira. 
Kira froze for a moment when she heard that. After she snapped out of her shock, the woman started struggling violently. “No… Please don’t! Shanae, I’m begging you. Please let me off! Please!”
“Let you off? Did you let me off the other time? Did you?” Shanae bellowed. 
Pulling Kira by the collar, Shanae passed her over to the tattooed man. 
Kira let out a scream as the man threw her over his shoulder. Like a victorious hunter who had caught his prey, he walked away, laughing. 
A crowd had already gathered, but no one dared to speak up as there were no strict laws in the country. 
Shanae stared at the car door, which had just been slammed shut, and started laughing hysterically, her eyes watering. 
Kira Woods, do you really think you can escape karma?
###Chapter 1019
Chapter 1019
Sabrina’s tummy still hurt when they came back to the hotel. After setting her down on the bed, Isaac rushed off to find a doctor. 
Her pain was so excruciating that she felt like an unknown creature was ingesting her insides bit by bit. She curled up in the blanket, sweating profusely. All color was drained from her face. 
Not long later, Isaac finally returned with the doctor. 
“Doctor, take a look at her. What’s wrong with her?” 
When Isaac came back, the first sight that greeted him was a stationary Sabrina on the bed. He instantly panicked and pulled the doctor along while trembling ever so slightly. 
The doctor quickly came to her side. 
“Is her only symptom a stomachache? Did she eat anything she shouldn’t have?” The doctor had a grim expression on his face as he carefully studied Sabrina’s ashen countenance. 
Then, he proceeded to lift the blanket to give her a more thorough check. 
To his horror, he saw a splotch of bright red blood on the pure white sheets beneath Sabrina’s body. 
“Isn’t this…” 
“I-I don’t know, doctor. I think you should give her a meticulous examination. She seems to be in extreme agony.” 
Isaac’s bespectacled face reddened in an instant. 
He quickly shifted his gaze to avoid looking at the tainted spot but continued pleading with the doctor to check the unconscious Sabrina carefully.
The doctor shot him an exasperated look and carried on with the examination. 
Several moments later, the look on his face grew sourer as he listened attentively to the stethoscope. 
“We have to send her to the hospital right away.” 
“Huh?” Isaac was taken aback. “The hospital?” 
The doctor nodded as he put down his stethoscope. “Yes. Her heart rate is irregular and her blood pressure is abnormally low. She must be admitted to the hospital this instant, else she’ll be in grave danger.” 
Isaac was shocked to the core. 
Without asking any more questions, he dashed forward to carry Sabrina in his arms. 
“Ms. Hayes? Ms. Hayes?” 
“Don’t bother calling her. She’s already passed out,” the doctor said in a low voice. 
Passed out? So she wasn’t asleep? 
Isaac sprinted out the door at the speed of light with Sabrina in his arms. 
Once they arrived at the hospital, Sabrina was rushed to the emergency room. Isaac was on tenterhooks as he paced up and down the corridors. 
Roughly ten minutes later, a female doctor emerged from the room. 
“Sir, is she your wife?” 
“Huh?” Isaac staggered forward. “I… Yes. How is she?”
“Did you not know that she’s pregnant? What kind of husband are you? How could you not notice that there were obvious signs of a potential miscarriage? Were you having sex?” 
Female doctors around the world were one and the same. Whenever they saw an expectant woman with symptoms of miscarriage, they were sure to lambast the man waiting outside. 
Isaac’s face turned redder than a tomato. 
“I… We… No… We didn’t have sex,” Isaac stuttered nervously. 
Pregnant? She’s expecting? 
An indescribable sadness washed over him. He had long suspected that there was something going on between Sabrina and the man clad in army uniform when the latter came to take her away. 
Nonetheless, hearing that she was pregnant still made him feel as though hundreds of knives were relentlessly stabbing at his heart. 
The Ms. Hayes he desired could never wholly belong to him. 
“Doctor, how is she? Is she… Is she all right?” 
“She’s out of danger for now. We’ve also managed to save the child. However, it’s paramount that she remains well-rested for the next three days. Under no condition should she get down and walk about; otherwise, the child could be in jeopardy.” 
The grim expression on her face softened ever so slightly as she explained Sabrina’s condition to Isaac. 
The child’s alive?
Isaac paused. 
An inexpressible feeling overwhelmed him. At the back of his mind, a small voice was telling him to get rid of this unborn child. 
However, he quickly shut it down and mentally gave himself a tight slap on the face. How could I harbor such evil thoughts? Am I even human? 
With conflicting feelings, he hesitantly trod into the emergency ward. 
The pregnancy was shocking news not only to Isaac but the mother herself. 
Never did Sabrina expect herself to be pregnant. 
She did not know how long she was out cold, but once the agonizing pain in her abdomen area subsided, she was able to get a good sleep. 
By the time she roused from her sleep, the sky had already gone dark. 
“Ms. Hayes! You’re finally awake. How do you feel? Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?” 
Isaac had faithfully stayed by her side while she slept. When he saw that she finally came to, he bolted over and immediately fussed over her. 
Sabrina blinked in confusion. 
Finally awake? Was I asleep for very long? 
So much time had passed since she fell unconscious that she didn’t realize a day had gone by.
###Chapter 1020
Chapter 1020
Isaac noticed that she was still dazed from her slumber and stopped pressurizing her with questions. He gently helped her sit up and leaned her head against the headboard. Then, he swiftly poured her a cup of water. 
“It’s a little hot. Please be careful.” 
Sabrina was at a loss for words, seeing his care and concern. 
She furrowed her brows. 
Nevertheless, she still obediently complied and took a sip of the warm water. 
“Where are we? The sky’s already dark?” After she finished drinking, her eyes scanned the room before landing on the window. 
Isaac hurriedly nodded. 
“Yeah, it’s already nighttime. Ms. Hayes, when you returned to the hotel, you fainted from the immense discomfort. Following your collapse, I brought you to the hospital there and then.” 
“Hospital?” 
With the cup still in her hands, Sabrina jolted in shock. 
“Is it that serious?” 
“Y-Yes.” 
“Huh? What’s the problem? Has it got to do with my stomachache? Is it appendicitis?”
The first illness that came to mind was acute appendicitis. It was the only illness in her knowledge that would warrant a trip to the hospital. 
To her surprise, Isaac shook his head. 
“No, it’s not. It’s because… you’re pregnant.” 
“W-What did you just say?” 
The moment the words left his mouth, Sabrina thought it was her ears that were playing tricks on her. She warily narrowed her eyes at him. 
However, Isaac daringly met her glare and replied, “Yes, Ms. Hayes. You didn’t hear wrong. The doctor said that the reason you were in such great pain was that there were signs of a miscarriage.” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless. 
“So, for the next few days, you can’t get out of bed and move around. They said it’s the only way for you to keep your child.” 
His last sentence began to trail off as he lowered his gaze to avoid eye contact. 
He instantly tried to distract himself by looking elsewhere. 
Sabrina remained silent. 
Her mind went completely blank for a good ten seconds. 
I’m carrying a child? How the hell is that possible? Could it be… that night in Coldbridge? 
The scenes from that steamy night immediately played in her head like it just happened. Her heart began racing faster and faster.
“Ms. Hayes?” 
Isaac had been patiently waiting for her response but to no avail. 
Hence, he turned around to face her, only to see her looking distraught. 
That’s happiness on her face, right? The two of them had such a heated argument just this afternoon. Now that she’s expecting, it must be good news for them both. 
Isaac was filled with despair as that thought surfaced. 
Eventually, he chose to leave the room and left Sabrina alone. 
In the depths of autumn, one could barely feel the icy cold breeze in Yaleview. Instead, it felt more like spring, with light breaths of wind gently caressing people’s faces. Especially that night, the weather was remarkably comforting. 
Even so, as Isaac gazed at the starless sky, he felt as though the wind was nipping at his heart. 
“Sir, is there anything I can do for you?” 
“Do you have any alcohol?” 
All of a sudden, he felt the urge to drink. 
Soon after, the hotel server arrived with the alcohol. With the two bottles of beer, Isaac sat outside the hotel, sulking for the entire night. 
The next day, a fast asleep Isaac could be seen lying next to a stone pillar with the wine bottles in hand. 
“Isaac Sheerwood!” Just then, a high heel woke him up.
“Who is it?” 
His bloodshot eyes flew open as his black-rimmed spectacles fell on the ground. He hastily looked up at the person. 
“Ms. Hayes? What are you doing down here?” 
He was shocked to the core. He quickly adjusted his glasses to look at the person standing before him. It really was Sabrina Hayes in the flesh, the woman who made him so miserable the night before. 
Stunned, Isaac gaped at her. 
Sabrina glowered at his disheveled appearance and felt increasingly annoyed. 
“Are you leaving or not? Because I am.” 
“What?” He immediately got up from the ground. “Leave? Ms. Hayes, where are you going?” 
“Where else? Obviously, to look for that useless man. Have you forgotten the purpose of our trip?” 
Her glare was filled with abhorrence as she hissed at him. Then she turned to leave. 
Isaac was dumbfounded. 
He hurriedly followed behind her. Seeing that she was still clad in a seductive mini skirt and a pair of alluring high heels, he gulped hard. 
“Ms. Hayes! Are you not going to rest in bed? The doctor said—” 
“Said what? The baby better plunge right through my legs so that I don’t have to go to the hospital again.”
Never did Isaac expect Sabrina to say something so callous. 
He was rendered speechless once again. 
Although he didn’t want her to keep the child, the ruthless remark that she made still sent shivers down his spine. 
Is it even humanely possible for someone to say something like that? Does she even see the child as a human being? Or does she not see herself as one? Does she not know that this concerns her own life? 
Isaac stopped in his tracks. In a state of fury, he berated Sabrina, “Why do you want the baby to plummet to its death? Why not just give birth to it? I can raise the child!”
###Chapter 1021
Chapter 1021
“What did you say?” Sabrina suddenly paused her steps. She turned around and stared at Isaac as if he had gone mad. “Are you insane?” 
“I’m not!” Isaac clenched his fists. His usually fair skin flushed under his glasses. 
“I’m not insane. Sabrina, I’m serious. I can be the child’s father. I will treat him as my own and take good care of both of you. Please believe me,” Isaac said in a masculine tone. 
At this moment, there was not a hint of cowardice in him. 
He looked at her with a firm and passionate gaze while clenching his fists. He seemed so earnest and sincere that Sabrina could not help but tear up. 
You dummy! 
She looked away and closed her eyes. 
The anxiety that she had forced down with much difficulty surged again, and hot tears finally rolled down from the corner of her eyes. 
However, this emotional state did not persist. 
She quickly wiped the tears away and said, “You’re overthinking. Why would I need anyone else to raise my child? Do I not have the means to support myself?” 
“But—” 
“He shouldn’t come to this world,” Sabrina said to save Isaac from his stupidity. 
Isaac was stunned.
However, before he could say anything, Sabrina had turned around and quickly hailed a cab. 
Seeing that, Isaac did not dare to delay and rushed into the cab with her. 
With that, both of them left the hotel. 
However, neither of them was aware that a black SUV was waiting under the lighted sign adjacent to the hotel. The people in that car did not stop observing them since they came out of the hotel. 
“Major, should we follow them?” the driver, looking into the rearview mirror, asked when he saw that Sabrina and Isaac had left the hotel. 
There was no answer or response except for a tense and chilling silence. 
A few minutes later, a soldier Devin sent out returned. 
“Major, I have completed the investigation. Ms. Hayes was here to look for her illegitimate brother, Solomon. I heard that he suddenly announced his resignation yesterday and disappeared. That’s why Ms. Hayes came here from Jetroina to look for him,” the soldier reported. 
“She came here from Jetroina?” the driver asked with astonishment, but Devin remained impassive. 
The soldier nodded and said, “Yes, this might be why Ms. Hayes was unwell last night and admitted to the hospital.” 
“What did you say? Hospital?” Devin finally responded. 
He sat straight and stared at the soldier. 
“Yes, she was admitted to the hospital. I asked the doctor and found out that she had an upset stomach. I believe it could be due to her traveling long distances. She returned to the hotel soon after,” the soldier answered.
He had done a thorough investigation and even knew the exact time Sabrina returned to the hotel. 
Devin sighed in relief. “How is she now?” 
“I think she’s fine. The man accompanying her stayed with her in the hotel for the whole night. He must be taking care of her,” the soldier said. 
The driver coughed immediately to warn the soldier. 
However, it was too late. Devin’s expression had finally softened slightly a moment ago, but after hearing what the soldier said, he returned to his usual stern and intimidating self. 
“Return to the base and inform other commanders. We will be transferring to Golden Triangle!” he ordered in a severe and furious tone. 
Once they went to Golden Triangle, they would not be able to return here anymore. 
The driver and soldier exchanged glances. 
In the end, neither of them dared to say anything to advise Devin. They kept quiet and left the city with him. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina still could not find anything about Solomon, and her abdomen began to hurt again. It was so bad that she could barely walk. 
“Ms. Hayes, you shouldn’t ignore the pain. We must go to the hospital now,” Isaac said worriedly, gathering the courage to implore her to go to the hospital. 
He could not remain indifferent, seeing that she was in pain. 
The hospital?
Sabrina scoffed, “Why should I go there? Can you give me the map? I want to see if we missed any places.” She reached out and grabbed the map from Isaac’s hands. 
Isaac was rendered speechless. 
He looked down and saw a trace of dark red stain on her skirt. 
Gritting his teeth, he rushed forward to carry her up. 
Sabrina was shocked. 
“Sabrina, even if you don’t want the child, you shouldn’t ruin your health. Please don’t be stubborn. We’ll go to the hospital now to deal with it before we continue to find your brother.” 
With that, he carried her and dashed across the street.
###Chapter 1022
Chapter 1022
Isaac sent Sabrina to the hospital. 
She clenched her fists tightly upon seeing the doctor in the obstetrics and gynecology department again. 
“What’s wrong? Did something happen? Didn’t I tell you to rest in bed if you want to keep the child? You’re bleeding so much again. What are you thinking? Do you not want this child?” the doctor scolded. 
“It’s not true, doctor. I want my wife to stay in the hospital for treatment. It’s safer here, so can you admit her?” Isaac asked. 
Sabrina did not expect him to change his mind suddenly. 
Instead of asking the doctor to abort her baby, he requested the doctor to let her stay in the hospital to help her keep the baby. 
Sabrina clenched her fists tightly again. 
She refused to admit that she felt a little relieved at this moment. It felt as if she had escaped a disaster. 
Why do I have such feelings? I thought I didn’t want the child and was eager to get rid of it. Didn’t I want to remove anything related to that man? 
Sabrina hated herself. 
In the end, the doctor allowed Sabrina to stay in the hospital and Isaac brought her to the ward.
Once Isaac got Sabrina settled into the hospital, he returned to his usual mild-tempered self and apologized to her, “Ms. Hayes, I’m sorry for deciding on my own. I know you don’t want this child, but you’re really in a bad shape. Let’s get you to recover your health first before you decide whether to keep the child, okay?” 
Sabrina glowered at him. “Leave!” 
She was so furious that she did not want to speak to him. 
Isaac had nothing to say. 
Meanwhile, in Avenport, Sasha did not sleep well the whole night. 
She was waiting for news from Sabrina and had been waiting since last night until the following morning. Still, there was no news from her. 
“What are you doing?” Sebastian woke up and was unhappy to see her checking her phone secretly early in the morning. 
Why does she care about him so much? 
When Sasha heard Sebastian’s deep voice, she shivered instantly and quickly turned off her phone and set it aside. “It’s nothing. I’m just checking the time. A teacher is coming here to give our children a lesson, so I need to wake them up earlier.” 
However, Sebastian did not believe her. 
He suddenly raised the arm Sasha was lying her head on and flipped her into his embrace, leaving her stunned. 
“You—” Sasha protested.
His eyes narrowed dangerously, and he gritted his teeth as he fumed, “I’ll deal with you later!” 
Sasha did not know what to say. 
She could only watch him take her phone from the bedside table and key in her password to unlock it. 
“Sabrina? You’ve been waiting for her to contact you the whole night?” Sebastian asked. 
He finally saw what she was recently doing with her phone. Instantly, his furious expression calmed slightly and turned into confusion. 
Sasha nodded while she was lying on his chest. “She told me she was going to Yaleview yesterday. I’ve been waiting for her to contact me.” 
“Yaleview?” Sebastian’s expression turned sullen again. “Why is she there? Does she have nothing else to do?” 
It turned out that Sabrina was also worried about making Sebastian angry if he knew that she was searching for Solomon. Therefore, she did not tell him that she had gone to Jetroina and Yaleview. 
Sasha became a little nervous upon hearing him. “She… She went to find Solomon. Sebby, don’t be angry. We are searching for him to relieve you of trouble. Now, Hayes Corporation is a mess, and you can’t get away from the company. You have to investigate the matter concerning the Jadesons as well.” 
“Haha…” Sebastian rolled his eyes at her. 
However, he was not angry. After hearing what Sasha said, he called someone on his phone. “Hello? I’m Sebastian. Are you still in Zarain?” 
“Yes, why?” A deep and masculine voice sounded from the other end of the line.
Sasha leaned on Sebastian’s chest and listened closely. 
Is that Devin? 
“Sabrina went to Yaleview to look for Solomon. I need you to go there to check on her. It’s not safe there. Bring her back once you find her,” Sebastian ordered. 
Sasha’s eyes glowed. 
Is he really that kind? Since Devin is in Yaleview, does this mean that he and Sabrina will have the chance to be alone together? They may have the opportunity to talk things out with each other. Will it help them become closer? 
Sasha could not resist a smile. 
“Sure, I understand. I’ll bring Sabrina back,” Devin agreed. “But why is she looking for him here? If Solomon is here, I don’t think she will let me bring her back until she finds him.” 
Upon hearing this, Sebastian glanced at Sasha, who was smiling, and said, “He’s not there!”
###Chapter 1023
Chapter 1023
Huh? 
Devin was not the only one who was surprised when Sebastian said that. 
Sasha, who was lying on Sebastian’s chest, was equally baffled. 
Is Solomon not in Yaleview? How did Sebastian know? Did he receive news after sending someone to search for him last night? 
Sasha became even more restless. 
Devin asked, “Where is he?” 
“You don’t have to worry about this. Just bring Sabrina back and make sure that she’s safe,” Sebastian answered and hung up. 
Sasha kept watching him. When he finally put down his phone, she could not contain her curiosity anymore. “Sebby, have you found Solomon? Where is he?” 
Sebastian sneered when he saw how concerned Sasha was. He grabbed her by her arms to drag her off his chest. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
I’ve enough! Why did I never notice that he’s easily jealous? 
Sasha clung to him tightly and said, “Why are you angry? Sebby, why did I never notice that you’re the jealous type?” 
“What did you say?” Sebastian narrowed his eyes dangerously.
Sasha cowered and did not dare to continue. 
However, she did not release him and continued to hold him tightly. 
“Let go!” Sebastian said angrily. 
“No!” Sasha insisted. 
“Do you want to be punished?” Sebastian said. 
Sasha took a deep breath and finally looked up from Sebastian’s chest. “I’ll let go when you’re not angry with me. Sebby, I didn’t mean anything when I asked about Solomon. I’m worried that something might have happened to him. He saved my life when I was badly injured after falling off a cliff. Now that he’s in trouble, we should help him, right?” 
Sasha looked at Sebastian pleadingly and proceeded to tell him what she knew. 
She had received some information about Solomon. 
Luke said that after Solomon disappeared, Jamie disappeared too. She was Solomon’s secretary. 
Sasha knew that Jamie was a Jetroinian and Ken’s sister. In the past, Jamie had approached Sasha with this name. 
Therefore, she wondered why she had disappeared after Solomon went missing. 
Once Sasha knew about Jamie’s disappearance, she had asked her people to stop investigating Solomon and investigate Jamie instead. 
It was then she discovered that Jamie had been acting strange recently.
“Before we came back, Jamie had booked a room at Palace Hotel. I asked someone to keep watch at the hotel and found out that there was also a Jetroinian there,” Sasha said. 
“Who?” Sebastian asked. 
“Haruto!” Sasha immediately mentioned a Jetroinian name. 
Sebastian was stunned. 
Haruto? Isn’t he the doctor who saved Sasha in Jetroina? A Jetroinian came to Avenport and stayed in Jamie’s room. What does this mean? 
Sebastian frowned and loosened his hold on her arms. Then he caressed her fluffy hair with his warm hands. “I didn’t find out where Solomon is, but I know he planned his disappearance.” 
“Huh?” Sasha had a bad feeling. “Why… What makes you say that?” 
“Solomon has trained a few top executives over the past year. When I went to the company, I saw that they still had some projects in hand. So, even if Solomon was not around, it would not disturb the workings of the company,” Sebastian explained. 
He paused for a moment and continued, “Furthermore, all the files on his computer are neatly organized. Even the instructions and data are clearer than those that I gave him.” 
Sebastian’s expression darkened when he thought that Solomon might have tricked him into playing a part in his plan. Veins throbbed on his forehead. 
What the heck? How dare he involve me in his plan? 
Sasha had nothing to say. Her heart turned cold after she listened to Sebastian.
What is that son of a b*tch planning? 
“Sebby, if we investigate Haruto, I’m sure we’ll find Solomon,” she suggested urgently. 
It seemed that Sebastian was no longer angry with Sasha about this matter. 
He nodded and made a call. 
A few minutes later, the personnel at SteelFort began to take action. They went to Jetroina to investigate Haruto and Jamie. 
Sasha felt relieved after knowing that SteelFort was carrying out an investigation. 
“All right, Sebby, we should get out of bed. There really is a teacher coming to give our children a lesson.” 
Now that they settled the matter concerning Solomon, Sasha was tired of staying in bed and got up from it. 
However, she had just moved when Sebastian pressed her back onto the bed. 
“Hmm, are you abandoning me now that you got what you wanted?” Sebastian said. 
Sasha instantly broke out in a cold sweat. “That’s not true. I was going to wake the children up.” 
“Why do you need to do that? Don’t we have servants? Let them do their job. You should lie down properly and let me do what I want,” Sebastian replied.
###Chapter 1024
Chapter 1024
The man pinned her down, rendering her speechless. 
She had no choice but to sprawl over his chest again and say with a blush on her face, “Then… What do you want to do? It’s getting late.” 
“What do you think?” 
“What do I think?” 
Suddenly, she understood what he meant and quickly avoided Sebastian’s fiery gaze. She tried to change the topic of their conversation. 
“We can talk about Sab and Devin. I realized that you’re sweet beneath your stern exterior. You want Sab and Devin to be together, but you won’t admit it,” she said teasingly and drew circles on Sebastian’s strong chest with her fingers. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
Is she laughing at me? Does she want to be punished again? 
Sebastian glanced down and saw Sasha drawing idly on his chest. His expression darkened. 
He flipped her over and put a stop to her playfulness. 
“Mmm… What are you doing?” 
Suddenly, Sebastian pressed her underneath him and covered her mouth with his like a ravenous wolf, muffling her voice. 
At this moment, an unfamiliar shout came from downstairs. “Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, you need to get down. An army is here. They said that they came from Jadeborough to protect us. Mr. Hayes—”
Sasha did not have the chance to catch her breath. Matters like this had never deterred Sebastian before as he continued to quench his thirst. 
Meanwhile, Devin had assigned someone to return to Yaleview. 
He did not go there himself but sent a vice-commander named Henrick Layton. 
“She’s my younger brother’s sister, and she came to Yaleview to search for someone. Once you find her, send her to the airport straight away and meet us here,” Devin instructed and sent a photo to the vice-commander. 
Henrick looked at the woman in the picture and was puzzled. 
His younger brother’s sister? Since she’s his younger brother’s sister, doesn’t that mean she’s his sister as well? He’s heartless. Why must I be the one to go? Why can’t he go to her himself? It’s just a transfer. There are so many commanders around, so he doesn’t have to oversee the soldiers. 
Henrick was confused. 
However, since it was an order from his superior, he had no choice but to go to Yaleview. 
At this moment, Sabrina had settled in the hospital. 
“Ms. Hayes, can you stay in the hospital for a couple of days? I’ll search for Mr. George, okay?” Isaac was relieved that Sabrina was willing to stay at the hospital. Therefore, he decided to search for Solomon on his own. 
Sabrina was sitting on the bed. After a moment, she glanced at him and nodded. “All right, be careful.” 
“I will.” Isaac felt as if he had won a grand prize and walked away happily. 
After he left, Sabrina rested on the bed for a while.
She did not know what she should be thinking. Her mind was such a mess that she did not know what she should do next. 
Should I give birth to this child? What should I do if I do? He will not marry me. This child will be fatherless, and I will be a single mother. Will I be able to raise him for the rest of my life? 
She clenched her fists tightly. She, who had nothing to fear in the past, was now frowning with anxiety. 
“Excuse me. Do you know if a person named Sabrina Hayes is staying here?” 
Suddenly, Sabrina heard someone asking for her outside her room. 
Stunned for a moment, she then went to the door with a hand over her abdomen. 
In actuality, she was hoping for a certain someone to come here. 
She peeked out and saw a man dressed in olive green camouflage uniform and a military hat. 
Unfortunately, to her disappointment, it was not the person she wished to see. She had never seen this man before. 
The color completely drained from her face. 
“Sabrina Hayes? We don’t have someone of that name here.” The nurse flipped through the medical records and shook her head. She did not know anyone of that name. 
It turned out that Isaac had registered her with a fake name to avoid unnecessary trouble. 
The soldier looked disappointed upon hearing that Sabrina was not there. He left soon after to head to the hotel Sabrina and Isaac had stayed in.
Sabrina stood by the door for ten minutes before dragging her feet back to her room. 
She could not understand what was going on. 
Emotionlessly, she stood by the bed and took out her phone. 
Sasha: Sab, good news. Sebastian has asked Devin to look for you. Devin is also in the same place as you. You guys can finally meet each other. 
Sasha: Sab, is he with you? Has he found you? 
Sasha: Sab? 
Sasha messaged her these half an hour ago.
###Chapter 1025
Chapter 1025
How ironic! 
Sabrina tossed her phone away and started picking up her things from the small shelf on the side. 
After ten minutes, she came out of the ward, left the hospital lifelessly, and thrust her way into the crowd. 
“Help! Help!” a woman, not far in front of Sabrina, cried out all of a sudden and Sabrina raised her head when she heard it. 
Further down the street, a woman covered in blood stumbled her way toward Sabrina. Behind her, a group of men with machetes in their hands were chasing after her with maddened rage in their eyes. It was a horrifying sight to behold. Everyone on the pavement was terrified and did all they could to avoid getting caught up in it. 
At that moment, Sabrina finally snapped out of it and immediately moved to the side, her face pale. 
Nevertheless, as soon as the woman got close, she fell right in front of Sabrina and burst into tears of despair. 
Sabrina’s pupils contracted, but she knew there was no way she could offer help in that situation. 
Instinctively, she stepped back even further. But right then, the woman raised her head and saw her. 
“Ms. Hayes! Help me, Ms. Hayes!” The woman recognized Sabrina and started crawling toward her. 
Sabrina was dumbfounded. 
Kira! 
“Over there! Hurry! She killed the boss’ girl! Get her!”
The men saw Kira fall and charged toward her, roaring as they swung their weapons at her. 
A mind-numbing cry reverberated along the street as Kira’s leg was chopped clean off right in front of the public. 
Sabrina was at a loss for words. 
When she finally came to, the shock of the scene, as well as the gore in front of her, made her nauseous. She pressed her chest and vomited profusely. 
It was too bloody and violent of a sight for her to handle. 
At the same time, Kira was already out cold. 
Seeing that, a man walked over and picked up the dismembered leg while another grabbed her hair, ready to drag her away. 
Sabrina was speechless. 
She was holding in the intense disgust she felt, wondering whether she should call the police when an army-green jeep suddenly appeared. 
“What are you guys doing? Let her go!” a soldier in olive green demanded after coming out of the jeep. 
When he saw what was going on, he immediately pulled out his gun and aimed at the group of men. 
Are they from the special forces? 
The men were keen to notice that those people were not from the police. They were soldiers from the special forces. 
At once, the men dropped Kira and her dismembered leg and fled.
Only then did the soldier approach. 
He knelt before the woman and brushed the hair and bloodstain off her face. “Ms. Woods? Is that you?” 
Sabrina said nothing. 
When Isaac arrived at the hospital an hour later, he saw Sabrina sitting right in front of the entrance to the operating theater. 
Other than Sabrina, a soldier was leaning against the wall of the hallway, smoking a cigarette with an intense look on his face. 
“Ms. Hayes, why did you lie to me that you weren’t in this hospital? If you didn’t lie and I was still in the hospital, this wouldn’t have happened to Ms. Woods!” the soldier exclaimed. “Also, why didn’t you help her when she asked for help? Aren’t you supposed to be amazing? Why did you leave her to die?” 
Sabrina remained expressionless and held her tongue. 
Isaac, however, lost his cool when he saw what was going on. 
“Who are you to speak to her that way? Does Sabrina have anything to do with that woman? Why should she save her? Is she obligated to save her?” 
“Y-You…” 
The soldier was rendered speechless. 
Isaac walked over to Sabrina’s side and looked at her pale face as well as her hands that never left her belly. 
He did not say anything and handed the bread and warm milk to her.
“Ms. Hayes, let’s forget about this and eat something. Don’t starve yourself.” 
Sabrina kept mum. 
But with just that one line, Sabrina, who had been sitting there like a statue for over an hour, finally reacted as beads of tears came pouring out of her bloodshot eyes. 
Seeing that, the soldier not far away snorted in disdain. 
Isaac was not having it. He wanted to confront him, but Sabrina stopped him. 
“It’s okay.” She finally spoke, her voice a little hoarse. 
Then she picked up the bread and milk and started munching down. 
Yeah. It’s fine. Am I going to fall after coming so far? No way. I’m Sabrina Hayes. I don’t falter easily. 
It took Sabrina twenty minutes to finish the bread. 
And after that twenty minutes, the doctor finally came out of the operating theater. At the same time, a familiar tall silhouette appeared at the end of the hallway.
###Chapter 1026
Chapter 1026
“Sir!” The adjutant hurried toward the man and saluted after seeing him. 
Immediately, Sabrina clenched the wrapping in her hand. 
“How is she?” 
“She just came out from the operating theater,” the adjutant said, seeing the doctor pushing out a hospital cot upon taking a peek at the operating theater. 
Sabrina and Isaac stayed absolutely still. Sabrina especially so, as she was still recovering from the numbness she was in a while ago. 
Devin walked over. 
He completely ignored her and paid all his attention to the woman who had just come out of surgery. 
“How is she, doctor?” 
“I’m sorry. We did our best. The wounds on her dismembered leg were too severe. I have no idea if it’s even possible to reattach it,” the doctor apologized as he looked at the bandaged stump. 
The medical standards there were limited, so there was no way to preserve a dismembered limb like that. It was clear that the doctor was merely stating the facts. 
“How could that be?” the adjutant exclaimed before Devin could say anything. “If you don’t reattach her leg, Ms. Woods will become a cripple for the rest of her life! Sir, why don’t we transfer her to a better hospital?” 
“That won’t be a problem, but be quick about it if you wish to transfer her,” the doctor agreed. 
With that, the adjutant got to work and immediately pushed Kira away.
While that was going on, Sabrina simply sat there and watched. Seeing that there was nothing for her to do, she picked up her bag and got to her feet. 
“Ms. Hayes?” 
“Let’s go.” 
Her reply was devoid of emotion as she got ready to leave, leaving Isaac at a loss for word. 
Before Isaac could say anything, the adjutant noticed Sabrina and immediately pointed at her. “You stop right there! Did I tell you to leave?” 
Turning toward Devin, he went on, “Sir, this is Ms. Hayes. The one I told you about. She was there when Ms. Woods was being attacked, and she did nothing to help her. On top of that, she registered a fake identity in the hospital and caused me to miss her. If it weren’t for her actions, I could have definitely saved Ms. Woods!” 
The adjutant started condemning Sabrina as though everything was her fault. 
Isaac’s expression immediately darkened. 
“Don’t you—” 
Before he could finish, Sabrina had picked up the aluminum trash can and slammed it onto the soldier’s head. 
At that moment, all the defenseless adjutants could feel was the pain from the hit as well as garbage and slop that came pouring down on his head. It was a pitiful sight to behold. 
‘Who do you actually think you are? How dare you discipline me!” Sabrina mocked him after dumping the trash can on him.
That’s right! Who does he think he is! What happened has nothing to do with me at all! Even if it does, I like watching her getting chopped into pieces! What are you going to do about it? 
Sabrina proceeded to turn around and walk away. 
However, the adjutant covered in rubbish was not going to let her off that easily for the humiliation. 
“You must have a death wish!” he shouted in rage and charged at Sabrina. 
He intended to tackle her from behind, then pin her on the ground like how he would subdue a criminal. 
Isaac’s expression immediately changed. 
“Ms. Hayes!” 
“Henrick Layton, what do you think you’re doing? Am I dead to you?” Devin finally spoke. 
In an instant, he grabbed hold of Henrick and, with a loud thud, subdued the bulky vice-commander without any resistance, crashing him right onto the floor. 
Henrick was dumbfounded. 
Even Sabrina, who turned around, was stunned to see what that man had done. Her mind went blank. 
“Sir, why did you—” 
“Are you stupid? She’s a woman! Do you think she could save Kira Woods from those men all by herself? Do you think she has superpowers?” Devin chastised Henrick as he stared at him with a stern look on his face. 
Everyone there was at a loss for words when Devin finished talking.
Henrick was embarrassed. As a commander, even though he was just an adjutant, being called stupid in public did not feel great. 
As for Sabrina and Isaac, they were just a little surprised. 
More so for Sabrina as tears welled up in her eyes after hearing what Devin said. All the indignity she felt could finally be released. 
She had thought that Devin was going to be like Henrick. 
“But Sir, she’s still responsible for faking her identity, right? I—” 
“Is there a problem with that?” Devin questioned. “She’s from the Hayes family! She has Hayes Corporation backing her! Why is it weird for her to use a fake identity? You’re the one who should be ashamed for not realizing that in the first place! You call yourself an elite?”
###Chapter 1027
Chapter 1027
Devin continued chastising Henrick. 
That was one of Devin’s few redeeming qualities. 
Even though he was a mess when it came to relationships, Devin had moral standards. He was highly unbiased when it was about right and wrong, especially when he was on duty. 
Henrick could no longer raise his head after the earful he had. 
“Doctor, could you help me contact the nearest hospital that’s capable of doing the surgery and let me know?” 
“No problem.” 
The doctor immediately headed off with Kira after receiving the order. 
It was then Sabrina realized that the man was looking at her. 
“You come with me!” he ordered. 
Sabrina kept quiet as Devin did not look happy. 
It did not seem like Devin was going to treat her any differently after he condemned his adjutant. 
Sabrina pursed her lips and eventually followed him quietly. 
Inside an unoccupied ward, Sabrina looked at the man in front of her. As though he was a judge, he stared gloomily back at her. 
This was the first time they had officially met since Coldbridge, not counting the day before, of course, as Sabrina figured she would rather not meet him at all under those circumstances.
Sabrina was getting impatient when Devin suddenly said, “What’s wrong? Are you sick?” 
Sabrina was caught off guard, probably because she did not expect that to be the first thing that came out of Devin’s mouth. 
Is he worried about me? 
Suddenly, Sabrina felt warm inside. The emotional barrier she built, reinforced after the incident the day prior, started to crumble. 
“I’m not,” she answered truthfully. 
Indeed, she was not sick. She was actually pregnant with their kid. 
When Devin heard her answer, his expression immediately darkened. It looked even worse than when they just came in. 
“If you’re not, then why are you still here? Don’t you know how dangerous this place is?” 
“I have my reasons,” Sabrina answered after she took some time to collect her thoughts. 
“What is it? Are you looking for Solomon? Your brother already said he’s not here!” Devin scolded again. 
Unlike Sebastian, who could get mad at the most trivial of matters, Devin was rather easy-going most of the time. But he would always get triggered whenever he saw Sabrina, especially when she was with that useless man. 
Sabrina was astonished, yet again. 
“They found him? Where is he?”
“How would I know? I only know that I need to send you back. So, you’re coming with me!” 
A few seconds passed as Sabrina stood there and looked at the impatient man. She was at a loss for words. 
The only thing left was the faint warmth she had felt at the beginning, but even that quickly dissipated, leaving her in the cold. 
So he’s only here because of Sebastian. Did he defend me from the vice-commander because of him too? 
Figures. I was never a good girl to him, so he must loathe me from the bottom of his heart. I’m just a princess who does whatever she wants in his eyes. Why would he help me? 
Sabrina’s expression dulled even further. 
“Why do I have to go with you? These are my legs! And I go wherever I want with them. You have no say in it.” 
Devin was mad. 
“Do you think I want to do this, Sabrina? If it weren’t for the call from your brother, I wouldn’t even want to see you! Do you think I have nothing better to do?” 
Sabrina stood there and said nothing as her head started ringing from the rage she was feeling. It looked like she was about to breathe fire from the way she was trembling. 
“You’ll regret this, Devin. I promise,” she said before she turned around and left. 
Devin only watched as she disappeared from the door. For a long time, his fists were crackling from how tight he was clenching them. He finally unleashed his rage on a chair on the side, smashing it into
pieces with a kick. 
Regret? Me? The thing I regret the most is giving you a chance! 
Soon enough, Sabrina left the hospital with Isaac. 
Devin called in a helicopter after the hospital notified him that they found a hospital Kira could transfer to and escorted her personally to Thymion. 
Sebastian: Found her? 
Devin: Yes. 
Sebastian: Then? 
Devin: She left and wouldn’t let me follow. She has someone with her. 
The man who was seated in his office at Hayes Corporation was speechless. 
Is there something wrong with his brain? 
Calming himself down, Sebastian texted: Where did she go? 
Devin: Jetroina. 
Sebastian was rendered speechless once again. 
That said, he was not as upset as the message before that since the idiot still knew Sabrina’s whereabouts. That meant that he was still keeping an eye on her, even though he was not intervening.
###Chapter 1028
Chapter 1028
Following that, Sebastian put down his phone and summoned Luke not long after. 
“Inform Karl that Sabrina went to Jetroina and ask him to bring her back!” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes!” Luke replied. 
After a few minutes, when Sebastian was about to head out, the manager from the development department appeared at his office. 
“Mr. Hayes, regarding the mine for the rare metals you asked me to investigate, I’ve found out that we have a middle man right here in Avenport.” 
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes, Sir. And sources say he has quite a few mines in his hands. Three or four at least. Would you like to meet him?” 
The manager was very enthusiastic because he assumed that the company was planning to tackle some new projects. 
But in actuality, Sebastian was just using the company’s name to release the information so that he could bait the people involved in that business as soon as possible. 
Sebastian agreed on a time for the meeting. 
At noon, Sasha called. 
“Sebby, can you tell Mark to let us out? The kids want to go see their grandpa, but they won’t let us.” 
She sounded tired and very much defeated.
Sebastian’s eyebrow twitched as his gaze fell onto a soldier in the office who was there on standby. 
“What can I do for you?” Mark asked, standing up straight upon noticing Sebastian’s gaze. 
Sebastian did not answer. 
It took quite a long while before he eventually asked, “How long are you people going to be here?” 
“I’m not sure.” Mark shook his head. “But we were ordered to ensure the safety of you and your family until everything is settled. We can’t allow something like last time to happen again.” 
He was referring to the incident on Norden Isle, of course. 
Sebastian’s forehead throbbed. 
However, he did not say much about it and merely ordered Mark to send a few men to escort Sasha and the kids to see her father. 
“Yes, Sir.” Mark’s reply was clean and precise. 
Sasha, who had been stuck in Frontier Bay for almost a week, could finally bring the children to visit the Wand family. 
“All right, sweeties. You guys are in charge of covering for me when I go meet that person, okay?” 
“Yes, Mommy,” the kids agreed after they got out of the car. 
With that, Sasha brought them into the Wand residence. 
“Grandpa!”
The kids charged into the house as they shouted, alerting Rufus of their visit as he immediately came out of the living room to greet them. 
“Oh, my little grandchildren! You’re all here!” 
“Yes, Grandpa. Did you miss us?” Vivian said. 
Among the three, her mouth was the sweetest. Even though she was already seven years old, her ability to play it cute did not deteriorate. Coupled with that cutesy voice of hers, Rufus could not help but pick her up immediately. 
Meanwhile, Sasha took the grocery that she brought into the kitchen. “Dad, where’s Lennie?” 
“He went to the company. I heard from your aunt that business has been booming recently, so he’s been busy,” Rufus explained while playing with the kids. 
Sasha’s eyes lit up. 
“If Aunt Sharon’s helping at the company, doesn’t that mean Uncle Jackson’s home alone? Why don’t we invite him over for a meal together?” 
“Sure,” Rufus agreed unsurprisingly. 
Sasha grabbed the car key and came out of the kitchen. However, she did not go to the car straight away. Instead, she walked to the door, where she saw the Oceanic Estate security guards at the gate. 
“Captain Jenson, do you mind fetching my uncle over for me? It’ll be too much of a hassle if you guys have to follow me wherever I go.” 
“Sure. We’re under orders to protect your family after all. We should do that much.”
The guard accepted Sasha’s request immediately and left the Wand residence with the car. The kids all came out as well and started playing with the remaining guards. 
After that, Sasha went back in and did some work before coming out again. Seeing that the guards were now lax, she when back in and told Rufus that they were out of salt and that she would buy some from the convenience store nearby. 
“Okay.” 
Rufus was practically oblivious to what happened, so there was not a single hint of doubt in him. 
With that, Sasha was finally able to get away. 
After several minutes, at the convenience store not far from the residence, Sasha was finally able to meet the person who was looking for her. 
“Ms. Wand…” 
The person stopped talking as she could barely hold the tears in her bloodshot eyes when she saw Sasha. Sorrow and anxiety were written all over her beautiful face. 
Lo and behold, it was Jamie, also known as Akiko Sato, the person who had worked for Sasha in the past. 
When Sasha saw Jamie and how she looked, she suddenly had a bad feeling about what was to come. 
“What happened? Where is Solomon? Haven’t you been following him? Why did you come here alone all of a sudden?”
###Chapter 1029
Chapter 1029
Sasha bombarded her with questions, one after another. It was palpable that she was worried. 
Tears started rolling down Jamie’s cheeks. 
“He… He’s sick, Ms. Wand. Please save him. He won’t survive if he doesn’t get help,” Jamie begged Sasha, suddenly dropping to her knees. 
Sasha was shocked and mad at the same time as she quickly went ahead to pick Jamie up. 
“Take a deep breath and talk slowly, Jamie. Just tell me what happened. Why did he fall sick out of the blue? He was still fine when I last saw him. And what do you mean, he won’t survive? Explain, Jamie! Explain!” 
Sasha’s voice was trembling as she spoke. Her knuckles turned white as she held Jamie’s hands ever so tightly. 
It was not her fault. 
Solomon had committed too many sins during his lifetime, and Sasha was once a victim. However, when he saved her from that near-death experience, she decided to let bygones be bygones. 
Everyone makes mistakes. It’s all right as long as he repents. But what’s this about him dying? 
“He… He was poisoned. Solomon’s mother, Yancy, did this to him. When Solomon was young, his mother wanted Mrs. Wand to take him in. So she fed him a type of poison that made him look thin and weak. That way, your mother would feel pity for him and give him a place to stay.” 
Sasha listened quietly.
“But after that, she never gave him the antidote. And as time passed, the poison started seeping into his marrow. Now, his body has lost the ability to produce new blood cells. Haruto said that he has only a month to live at most.” 
As soon as she finished, Jamie covered her face and started crying again. 
Sasha was thunderstruck. 
What did I just hear? Did Yancy actually poison her own son? Is she even human? How could she do such a thing to her own child? 
The heaving of Sasha’s chest intensified because of the rage and heartache she felt. Crackling sounds could be heard from her tightly clenched fist. 
“That b*tch! She’s a monster!” 
“That’s right! She’s been like this for a long time now. My brother and sister both died because of her, but I didn’t expect her to harm her kid. Ms. Wand, you’re a doctor, an amazing one at that! Surely you’ll find a way to save him, right?” 
Jamie held Sasha’s hand as though she was her last hope and went on her knees once again. 
But Sasha stopped her. 
“First, you need to tell me where he is.” 
“I…” 
Sasha did not expect Jamie to be stumped, but she quickly figured it out, and her expression darkened. 
“He’s missing?”
“Yes,” Jamie responded after a brief pause. “He found out that I’ve been relaying information to Mr. Hayes, so he disappeared. Now Haruto and I can’t find him. Ms. Wand, he has never thought about getting help from the start.” 
Jamie nearly collapsed when she finished. 
Indeed, that was something Solomon would do. 
If he had wanted to live, he would have looked for a way to rid his body of the poison long ago. 
Alas, he did not do that and it was too late. 
Solomon’s intention was clear. He had never thought about continuing his life. The world was never kind to him. He had not done anything wrong back then, but unfortunate circumstances kept befalling him mercilessly. 
He could only push through because he found the single ray of light in his life, Sasha Wand. 
When Sasha got back from the convenience store, she looked distraught. 
“What’s wrong?” Rufus asked when he saw her. “Did something happen?” 
Sasha took a glance at her silver-haired father and could not hold it in any longer. She sat in front of him, and tears started rolling down her cheeks. 
“Dad, Solomon’s dying.” 
“What?” 
As soon as she finished, Rufus’ hands, holding the grocery bag, froze.
Rufus knew who Solomon was, of course, since he and his wife, Heather, were the ones who raised the boy. 
Sasha nodded and wiped away the tears from the corner of her eyes. 
“He has a terminal illness, Dad. Do you want him to die?” she asked softly. 
“What are you talking about?” Rufus shot her a look. “Why would I wish death upon him all of a sudden?” 
“Isn’t he Yancy’s son? You hate her, right? She hurt you and Mom.” 
“They are two different individuals, Sasha. Listen, don’t you dare think like that. Don’t let the grudges from the past hinder your judgment. Besides, he saved your life. You shouldn’t say that,” Rufus reprimanded his daughter, telling her to think rationally. 
As Sasha listened, she lowered her head and smiled through her tears. 
After a few minutes, Sasha made a phone call to the man at the top of Hayes Corporation. 
“Sebby, I know where Solomon is. I’d like you to come with me and get him treated by the best doctor in the world. Please?”
###Chapter 1030
Chapter 1030
The next day, Sasha and Sebastian departed for Clear. 
However, they did not know that Sabrina was also heading there from Jetroina. 
“Ms. Hayes, where did you get this information? Why don’t we verify it first? Your body’s in no condition to go through this hassle. Why not rest for the night?” 
Isaac was extremely hesitant about going there because the information they got was from an anonymous message Sabrina received. 
Sabrina did not know who sent it, so Isaac had his doubts about the legitimacy of the message.What if 
it’s a scam? 
However, Sabrina did not heed his plea. 
She figured Solomon was definitely hiding there because she recalled Clear being the place where Sasha had hidden back then. 
At that time, Solomon was there too. 
Hence, Sabrina flew there overnight. 
The flight from Terrandya to Clear did not take long as there was no need for transits. However, as Isaac predicted, Sabrina’s condition worsened after they got on the plane. 
“Are you okay, Ms. Hayes?” 
“I’m fine!” 
Sabrina proceeded to swallow some painkillers and shut her eyes.
Seeing that, Isaac kept quiet and silently pulled a blanket over her. 
It was about four in the morning when they arrived in Clear. Isaac was reluctant to wake Sabrina up as she finally got some sleep. But in the end, the shake from the landing woke her up. 
“Mmm…” 
Isaac heard Sabrina’s moan and saw that she had her hands over her stomach with a pale face. 
“Ms. Hayes, are you okay?” He was concerned. 
There was no reply. 
It wasn’t until a few seconds later when Sabrina felt a little better did she nod her head. 
“I’m fine. Let’s go.” She stood up and left her seat with her bag. 
Isaac followed suit without saying much and got off the plane with her. They were planning to take a cab straight from the airport to Clear and start their search for Solomon. 
However, they did not expect to see a local cab waiting right there as soon as they exited the airport. 
“Ms. Hayes, what’s this?” 
Sabrina kept quiet. 
She finally realized that something was off and stopped in place as she looked at the cab cautiously. 
“Are you here to pick us up?” 
“Are you Ms. Sabrina Hayes? If so, then yes. Ms. Willow Fischer called me here, telling me that you would arrive tonight.”
The driver got out of his car and took out his phone to show Sabrina a picture. 
But before Sabrina did anything, Isaac had already walked in front of her and snatched the man’s phone away. 
“Ms. Hayes, look at this. Do you know this woman?” Isaac placed the phone in front of Sabrina so that she could get a closer look. 
Truth be told, Sabrina had never met Willow. 
She was Sasha’s close friend who had been living in Clear for years. They were very close, but Sabrina had only ever heard of her name. 
Sabrina took a look and did not make any remarks. 
Then she took out her phone. “What’s her number?” 
The driver recited a line of numbers. 
Sabrina matched the numbers from the ones on her phone and noticed that it was the same number that sent her the message about Solomon. With that, she cast away her doubts and got in the car with Isaac. 
The driver started the engine as soon as they got in and off they went. 
Seeing that they were on their way, Sabrina relaxed a little and leaned back to get some rest. 
As her weariness began to set in, Isaac suddenly tugged at her dress. 
“Ms. Hayes.” He did all he could to lower his volume, so much so that he almost kissed Sabrina’s ear.
Sabrina felt irritated and opened her eyes out of reflex to curse at him. 
But before she could say anything, she noticed that the wimp was pointing out the window and proceeded to swallow her words. 
There was nothing outside. 
Before their arrival, they had checked the route to the city. It would only take forty minutes for them to get to Clear from the airport. However, it had already been twenty minutes, and it was still pitch black outside. 
Clear was a big city, so no matter how far they were, they should have noticed the faint city lights by now. 
Sabrina sat up straight and stared coldly into the darkness on the other side of the window. 
Before Isaac could say anything, Sabrina had already removed the brooch from her dress and lunged forward, stabbing the driver’s throat with the pin. 
Oh my God! 
Isaac was dumbfounded. 
He only snapped out of it when the driver stopped twitching. Without someone at the steering wheel, the car was going out of control. “What are you doing? Grab the wheel!” Sabrina shouted.
###Chapter 1031
Chapter 1031
Isaac immediately came to and climbed into the driver’s seat. 
He knew Sabrina was an amazing woman. But on that day, he understood just how tough and exceptional she really was. 
And with that, the car was under Isaac’s control. There was blood all over him as it splattered when he sat on the seat. 
“M-Ms. Hayes, do we stop to get rid of t-this body?” 
“Why are we stopping for that? Just open the door and kick him out! I’m telling you, if you stop now, we’ll both be eaten alive!” Sabrina scolded with what energy she had left while covering her stomach. 
Isaac saw how weak she was at the moment from the rearview mirror and decided to zip it. 
He puffed up his chest and opened the door. It took a few tries, but he eventually kicked the body out of the moving vehicle. 
What’s going on? Who was that driver? Who’s on to us? 
After the body was disposed of, the two did not talk for a long time. The tension in the car could drive someone mad. 
However, it was not over. Not long after they got rid of the body, they heard the sound of a roaring engine getting close. 
Soon enough, two black cars appeared in the rearview mirror, charging straight at them like wolves giving chase to their prey. 
“M-Ms. Hayes…” Isaac got nervous.
“What are you panicking for? You’re a man, for god’s sake. Move over!” Sabrina berated. 
She got out of her seat again and got ready to climb over to replace Isaac in the driver’s seat, ignoring the pain in her stomach. 
Sabrina was far more superior to Isaac when it came to driving skills as she was a car enthusiast herself. She could even do flips with a motorcycle, let alone handle a car. 
Seeing that she was about to drive in her current condition, Isaac manned up for once. 
“Just sit tight, Ms. Hayes. And if you can, please give Mr. George a call,” Isaac said before he put the pedal to the metal. 
At that moment, Sabrina had no choice but to sit back down and grit her teeth as she listened to the sound of the wind outside. 
The only thing she could do was follow Isaac’s instructions and call the number she never called. 
Surprisingly, the call went through. It was said that no one had ever gotten through that number since Solomon left Hayes Corporation, but Sabrina did it. 
Pick up, you bastard! 
Sabrina clenched the phone tightly in her hand. 
The cars behind them were fast. Before anyone picked up, she heard a loud bang from behind and got ejected from her seat. 
“Ms. Hayes!” 
Isaac saw what happened and immediately let go of the steering wheel to lunge over to cushion Sabrina’s fall.
“Ugh…” 
Both of them grunted at the same time. 
Luckily, thanks to Isaac, Sabrina did not take any heavy impact. Instead, she fell right onto him. 
“Are you okay, Ms. Hayes?” Isaac was in severe pain, but he still prioritized Sabrina’s safety above all else. 
Sabrina’s eyes turned red. 
It took some time, but Sabrina slowly got up and looked outside. 
The car they were in had stopped because of the impact. They were forced to crash into the traffic island by a pincer attack, so the car hood was completely destroyed. 
So? What are they going to do now? Sabrina thought as she looked outside. 
Men in black holding iron bars and machetes outside were slowly closing in on them. 
“Ms. Hayes, run. I’ll distract them.” 
Isaac noticed them as well. 
At that moment, his pupils contracted in fear. His face turned pale as he started to tremble. 
After all, he was born and raised in an overprotective family. 
However, at that moment, he chose to sacrifice himself to protect Sabrina. 
Sabrina was a little stunned.
Not long after, the men came to open the door. She patted Isaac’s face and said, “Hide.” 
Then, she decided to take the initiative and kicked the door open. 
She was Sabrina Hayes, after all. She was not the type who would resign herself to death. 
Bang! 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
Just as she was about to put up a fight, she heard gunshots on the empty highway. 
The bullets penetrated the men’s bodies and left Sabrina at a loss for words. Everyone outside had fallen to the ground. 
Who is it? Why did they come to save me? 
Sabrina’s mind went blank.
###Chapter 1032
Chapter 1032
“Are you okay?” 
A figure walked through the dissipating remnants of gunpowder toward Sabrina’s car. He then kicked open the car door and popped his head into the vehicle to check if she was all right. 
Sabrina stared at the man wordlessly. 
Her mind blanked for several seconds as she took in his appearance. Finally, she nodded groggily at the bespectacled man. 
It was Solomon. 
As Sabrina crawled out of the car, she stammered, “I-I’m fine.” She looked disheveled, and her tone had lost its usual impudence. 
Solomon merely glanced at her coldly. 
The city of Clear shared the same climate as Chanaea. Though they were approaching the cold season, it was far from being the sort of weather that warranted thick winterwear. 
Thus, Sabrina could not help but notice how out-of-place Sebastian seemed in his wool turtleneck and black tweed trench coat. 
More perplexing was the discovery that his appearance seemed much too immaculate for a person who had purportedly gone through a gunfight. 
Looking at the man standing before her with effortless elegance, Sabrina frowned in incomprehension. 
“Good. Get into my car.” 
Nonetheless, Solomon seemed unaffected by her gawking.
He had no desire to make small talk after confirming that Sabrina was okay. Immediately after, Solomon turned and headed straight for his car, leaving a speechless Sabrina staring at his back. 
She allowed herself one last glance at Solomon before turning to her car. 
Sabrina was preparing to drag a trapped Isaac out of the car. 
“Ms. Hayes, let us deal with this. You may head to Mr. George’s car.” 
Solomon’s men approached her before she could re-enter her car, volunteering their services to save Isaac on her behalf. 
Well then. Sabrina spun on her heels and awkwardly trudged to Solomon’s black car. 
The chilly night air reeked of gunpowder and blood. 
All that disappeared the second Sabrina set foot in Solomon’s car. She reveled in the warm temperature of the vehicle and the pleasant aroma of lemons, which did wonders in eliminating the tension in her body. 
Right then, she realized that this was the first time they were riding in the same car. 
Solomon started his car wordlessly and drove in the direction of the city while Sabrina fidgeted restlessly in the backseat. 
She only lasted fifteen minutes before blurting impatiently, “How did you know that I was in trouble? I called you, but no one answered.” 
“Then why did you come here?” came Solomon’s reply. 
He’s not answering my question.
Sabrina was taken aback by the curveball he had thrown and explained, “I received an anonymous text telling me that you were here. When I came out of the airport earlier, the rental car driver told me that Willow had sent him.” 
“Willow?” Solomon scoffed and said, “Willow would never do such a thing.” 
“Why not?” 
“She had been with me the whole time. If she didn’t even tell Nancy, why would she reach out to you?” He threw this last bit out sarcastically. 
Sabrina was dumbfounded. 
If it wasn’t Willow, then who was it? Who else knew that Solomon was here? Why would they purposely leak the information to me? Was this all an elaborate front to get me killed? Oh God, if Solomon didn’t get here in time, I might be dead right now. 
It was a sobering and chilling realization. 
Cold sweat formed on her back as her fear soon morphed into anger. 
“Who did this? Who the hell’s trying to kill me?” 
Solomon frowned at the sight of her outburst. Something akin to displeasure flitted through his eyes. 
I don’t like women like her at all; they’re too naive. But what else can I do when she keeps landing herself in trouble? I have no choice but to put up with it, even if doing so is bad news for my lifespan. 
“Who did you meet in Yaleview?” 
“What?” Sabrina’s eyes widened in fury at his seemingly-innocent question.
How does he know that I was in Yaleview? 
An uneasy feeling crawled up her chest as she stared at the back of Solomon’s head. 
“Have you been keeping tabs on me?” 
“Why is it surprising? That Mr. Sheerwood of yours has been feeding me information to butter me up,” Solomon said somewhat derisively. 
Sabrina was practically choking on her anger right then. 
Isaac Sherwood? That annoying wimp! Ugh! 
“That *sshole! If he knew where you were, why didn’t he tell me? Why did he let me go on a wild goose chase? I went from Jetroina all the way to Yaleview!” 
“I didn’t tell him where I was. Listen carefully. I said he’s been feeding me information, not the other way around,” Solomon added patronizingly.
###Chapter 1033
Chapter 1033
Solomon had been telling nothing but the truth. 
He had gone under the radar, keeping his phone switched off in the past few days to prevent anyone from tracing his location. 
Once in a while, he would switch it back on, and that was when the messages would come pouring in. 
Some of the messages were from Isaac, who had accompanied Sabrina on her trips to Jetroina and Yaleview. Isaac would send the details of their trips to Solomon each time without fail. 
Thanks to Isaac’s information, Solomon knew exactly when and where Sabrina would be, including her appearance on the highway tonight. 
Sabrina was stunned into silence. 
She racked her brains for a suitable retort but came up short. 
In the end, she decided to challenge him on his previous question. “What were you saying earlier about who I met in Yaleview? Is that person related to today’s incident?” 
However, Solomon responded with a question of his own, “Who did you meet in Yaleview?” 
After what seemed like an eternity, Sabrina paled and uttered, “I met Devin. Did you mean—” 
“Besides him,” Solomon cut in and eliminated the possibility of Devin’s involvement. 
His words caused Sabrina to sigh in relief, and she began pondering her encounters in Yaleview. 
Besides Devin, the only person I met who could have something to do with this is Kira. It must be her!
Her eyes widened at that realization. “There was a woman, Kira Woods. She’s Devin’s younger cousin. She lost her legs around the time I was leaving Yaleview, and Devin rushed her to the hospital for treatment. But it’s kind of impossible for her to be behind this.” 
Solomon sneered and met Sabrina’s gaze through the rear-view mirror with contempt in his eyes. 
“Those thugs may be from Clear, but didn’t you notice that a bunch of them looked Astorian?” 
“Astorian?” 
“Yes. These thugs are penniless, and they’re dependent on the backing of the Astorian gang network. The man who raped Ms. Shanae Woods is a gang leader in this network who goes by the name Drakon. Fancy a guess at the connection between these incidents?” 
Sabrina was horrified at his revelation. 
She was no stranger to gangs and the underground business. Back when Sebastian had exiled her to Drake Island, she had dealt with these unsavory figures out of necessity and survival. 
Is he implying that these thugs were sent here by Drakon? All the way from abroad? Why would he do this? 
Sabrina recalled the scene she had witnessed at the hospital entrance right before she left Yaleview. Some men had come after Kira, claiming that she was directly responsible for Shanae’s death. 
Kira lost her leg to these thugs shortly after that. 
Why would Drakon come after me next? 
Sabrina could not think of a reason nor untangle the complex interplays in this affair. 
If only she knew how Kira’s villainy and slyness made her ploys seem like child’s play.
The truth was, Kira had planned everything from the very beginning. 
On that fateful day when Shanae had Kira kidnapped, the latter was about to fall victim to their pillaging ways when she used her silver tongue to strike a deal with Drakon. 
“Drakon, at this rate, you’ll never become more than a leader of some random gang. Things will be different if the Jadesons extend their protection to you. Why not go for the ocean instead of spending your entire life trapped in this puddle?” 
Kira was much shrewder than Shanae had taken her for; she had immediately pinpointed the thing that Drakon desired the most. 
Even Sabrina was no match for her, let alone Shanae, who had grossly underestimated her abilities. 
Kira eventually convinced Drakon to let her go, on the condition that once she became the mistress of Red Pavilion, she would help him become the leader of the Jadeborough gang network. 
Shanae was horrified at how quickly things were getting out of hand, yelling at Drakon not to fall for Kira’s tricks. 
However, Kira marched over and hacked off Shanae’s legs under the stunned gazes of their audience. 
“Ahh!” 
“Hmph, see that? Shanae, you will never be more than a pawn in my hand. I control your fate, and I’m the one who decides if you’ll live or die. Got it?” 
After that, Kira knelt before Shanae and slapped her with a blood-stained hand. 
Shanae could only shriek in pain.
After getting her legs cut off, Shanae was abandoned and eventually bled to her death. Alas, she had bitten more than she could chew, and Kira made sure that was the last thing she remembered before her demise. 
Shanae’s body then mysteriously disappeared without a trace. 
After getting rid of Shanae, Kira began plotting her return to the Jadesons. The first thing on her agenda was to change Devin’s impression of her so that he would accept her once more.
###Chapter 1034
Chapter 1034
“Major, the doctors said that Ms. Woods’ surgery was successful. But why hasn’t she woken up?” 
Devin and his vice-commander, Henrick Layton, were waiting in a hospital in Mapleton, Thymion. The latter had become concerned when Kira was still unconscious hours after her surgery was completed. 
Devin scrunched his brows and ordered, “Go and check with the doctor.” 
Similarly, he was becoming a little anxious as well, though it stemmed from the urgency to return to his base and continue performing his duties rather than concern for Kira’s safety. 
After all, Devin did not wish to be held down by such messy affairs on his trip out of the base. 
After receiving his orders, Henrick left immediately to consult the doctor. 
Devin pulled out his phone as he waited for Henrick to return, thinking it would be a good time to check for any updates from the base. 
To his surprise, the first thing he saw when he unlocked his phone was a notification of an incoming text. 
The message came from a subordinate he had ordered to follow Sabrina in Clear. Major, we followed Ms. Hayes to Clear last night. There was an accident outside the city. 
Devin’s expression darkened the minute he saw the word “accident,” and he stopped fidgeting with the cigarette in his hand. 
An accident? What accident? 
He immediately opened the video that accompanied the text message. 
Boom!
The video was downright terrifying. Devin saw two vehicles ramming into the rear end of Sabrina’s rental car, sending it slamming into a road divider and mangling the hood of the car in an instant. 
This damned woman! I told her not to run around and to go home immediately! 
Devin’s heart almost stopped when he saw the moment of impact. 
Soon, the subordinate he had sent to trail Sabrina sent him a zoomed-in video of the rental car. Right before the horrifying impact, a bespectacled man hugged Sabrina tightly and saved her while she was being thrown out of the car. 
As a result, he ended up cushioning her. 
Right then, Devin received a text message: Major, Ms. Hayes is safe. Isaac Sheerwood appears experienced in these matters. He knew what he needed to do to save Ms. Hayes. 
Devin’s heart sank instantly, and his expression grew somber a moment later. 
Of course that *sshole has experience! How else could they experience such a smooth trip into Yaleview? Someone with Isaac’s background can’t enter Yaleview as and when he pleases. 
Devin steeled himself and fired off a text to his subordinate: Stop following her. It’s a waste of time! 
There was a hint of rage in the tone of his last sentence. 
The order surprised his subordinate in Clear. 
What does the Major mean? Is he suspicious of Isaac? But I didn’t see him trying anything funny during last night’s accident. 
In fact, the subordinate recalled being more surprised by Solomon’s appearance to rescue Sabrina just as he was about to approach the rental car and potentially give away his identity.
Still, despite his confusion, the subordinate obeyed Devin’s order without further protest. He left Clear shortly after. 
Meanwhile, Henrick approached Devin just as he brought a close to his surveillance on Sabrina. 
“Major, the doctor said that she’s fine. Ms. Woods’ vital signs are stable, and she’s on track to make a complete recovery. He said that she’s probably unconscious because the anesthesia hasn’t worn off.” 
“Good. You can stay here to monitor her situation. I’m heading back to the base,” Devin said and prepared to leave. 
Henrick was struck dumb by his words. “M-Me? Major, I—” he trailed off. 
Isn’t it inappropriate for me to be the one taking care of a young woman? 
However, Devin made his displeasure clear as he added, “I’m not asking you to hold a vigil. I’ve contacted her parents, and they’ll be here this afternoon. Why are you so worried?” 
Henrick stared at him wordlessly. 
The silence stretched on a few minutes longer before he nodded sheepishly. “All right. I’ll leave after her parents arrive.” 
Devin began walking toward the door when an ear-piercing shriek filled the room. 
“Aargh!!” 
The young woman who was supposedly still out cold after her surgery suddenly opened her eyes. 
“Ms. Woods? Are you awake?” Henrick was elated as he ran toward her bedside.
“Aargh!” Kira screamed again as she fumbled to touch her leg before spasming uncontrollably in agony. 
Hence, Devin had no choice but to postpone his departure. 
He frowned at Henrick’s panicky behavior. With a sigh, he headed out to find the doctor. 
When the doctor arrived, he began examining Kira. 
About ten minutes later, he addressed Devin, “Mr. Jadeson, your cousin is probably struggling to cope with the pain of losing her leg after the effects of the anesthesia wore off. Please don’t worry too much. This isn’t unusual behavior.” 
Meanwhile, Henrick was brimming with questions for the doctor. 
“Sir, shouldn’t you prescribe some medication for her? The pain of losing one’s leg must be unimaginable, let alone for a young woman like her.” 
His concern for Kira bordered on excessive, and Devin’s expression soured. 
“Henrick Layton, you’re overreacting. Losing a leg is bound to be painful for anyone. It’s got nothing to do with gender. Just look at our troops. Did you happen to forget that we have female soldiers too?” Devin reprimanded him.
###Chapter 1035
Chapter 1035
However, Devin’s stern words betrayed his true thoughts. He had not been thinking about the female soldiers in his troop at all. 
Instead, the memory of saving Sabrina from Yancy flashed through his mind. 
Sabrina’s captors had force-fed her a new drug developed for pharmacological torture, and she almost went mad from how excruciating the pain had been. Even then, Sabrina had recovered from the experience with nothing but willpower. 
This bit of pain is nothing compared to what Sabrina experienced. 
Upon hearing his words, Henrick blushed in embarrassment and kept his mouth shut. 
The doctor then gave them further instructions on what to do as they awaited the nurse’s arrival. He planned to administer IV sedation to help Kira cope with the pain and reduce the inflammation in her wounds. 
“N-No! No needles! I don’t want it! D-Dad, give Kiki a hug!” 
Kira seemed like the exact opposite of the young woman who had accepted her sedative injection earlier without even blinking an eye. 
The sight of a nurse preparing the needle for her IV sedation had Kira sitting up in bed, and her eyes widened with fear. 
In the next instant, she had stretched her hands out toward Henrick. 
Everyone in the ward stared at her in shock. 
Even the usually unperturbed Devin was taken aback at her crazed display.
What the hell is going on? 
“Dad, d-do you hate Kiki now? I-I promise I’ll be a good girl. I don’t want the injection!” Kira piqued up when no one responded to her earlier words. 
She sounded even more like a kid then; even her tone had become more high-pitched than usual as beads of sweat appeared on her forehead. 
Right then, her gaze was stubbornly locked on Henrick while tears trickled down her face. 
She’s gone mad! 
Henrick did not know what to make of the situation. He grabbed the doctor’s elbow and asked, “W- What’s happening? Why is she acting like this?” 
But the doctor had no idea either. 
A full ten seconds passed before he hastily grabbed his stethoscope and examined Kira in earnest. 
With the help of several doctors, they produced a diagnosis an agonizing half-hour later. 
“Mr. Jadeson, we suspect that your cousin is traumatized from losing her leg. The shock is making her hallucinatory and distorting her memories.” 
“What?” Henrick exclaimed in disbelief. 
However, when he recalled how horrific Kira’s experience had been, the diagnosis immediately made sense. 
“That seems plausible, Major. Didn’t you mention that Ms. Hayes suffered from several traumatic episodes after her poisoning?”
Why did you have to bring her up? 
Devin’s expression darkened instantly. 
Nevertheless, he did not argue with Henrick’s logic. 
Has Kira truly gone mad from the trauma of losing her leg? 
“Devin? Devin, are you here? Devin, please save me! D-Dad’s going to hit me again. He’s going to poke me with a needle!” 
At that moment, Kira had finally taken notice of Devin amid this frustrated stewing. She no longer desired Henrick’s attention as she lunged for her cousin, clamping her arms around Devin and pulling him closer to her bed. 
“Devin, d-did Aunt Jasmine send you here? P-Please take me away from here! I’m going to die here! Devin, please!” 
Kira looked at Devin pitifully, her eyes welling with tears. She looked as frightened and innocent as a little girl. 
It reminded Devin of Kira’s unhappy childhood. 
The Woods looked down upon Kira and her family due to their lower social standing. 
Consequently, Kira’s parents frequently took out their frustrations on her. They blamed her for not being a boy, and they were upset with her lack of people-pleasing manners. 
Devin’s gaze softened as these memories flitted through his mind. 
“What should we do, then? How long will she remain like this?”
The doctor explained, “It won’t be difficult to manage her condition if she responds to a direct trigger. Just stay with her and comfort her during this time. She’ll eventually be able to let go of her fear. The company of her family is the best treatment for her recovery.” 
Henrick volunteered his opinion immediately. “Major, if that’s the case, you should stay here instead of me, at least until her parents arrive.” 
Devin stared at the vice-commander wordlessly. 
The doctor chimed in, “Yes, that would be best. We wouldn’t want her condition to deteriorate and potentially develop into post-traumatic stress disorder.” 
A vein twitched on Devin’s forehead. 
Still, he stayed back under the doctor and Henrick’s advice. 
Kira woke up sometime in the afternoon. When he lifted his head to look at her, she was smiling brightly at him. 
“Devin, I want a hug.” 
Meanwhile, Sabrina was fuming when she realized who was after her life. She could not bring her to sit still as her first instinct was to hunt Kira down. 
However, Sabrina had barely taken a step out of Solomon’s car when she fainted. 
“Solomon?” Willow was so shocked that she almost dropped the plates in her hand. 
In contrast, Solomon calmly hung his coat on the coat rack before glancing at Willow. He then bent down and scooped Sabrina into his arms. 
“Do you know any gynecologists?”
“What?” Willow’s eyes widened. 
G-Gynecologists?
###Chapter 1036
Chapter 1036
Willow summoned the gynecologist in the end. 
After a thorough examination, the doctor gave his diagnosis. “Mr. George, the baby is still safe for now. However, the mother cannot take any more risks. It’s best that she stays in bed for the whole month to ensure that she gets sufficient rest. 
“One month?” 
Willow widened her eyes in disbelief. 
She has to be on bed rest for that long? So… 
She turned around to look apprehensively at the man who was wiping his nose with a tissue. 
The man, however, seemed unfazed. After wiping off the blood on his nose, he tossed away the bloodstained tissue and walked over to Willow’s side. 
“Then make sure she stays in bed for one whole month!” 
“Huh?” 
Taken aback by the instruction, the doctor lifted his head to regard the man, “Mr. George, do you mean…” 
Solomon replied with an impassive expression, “She’s too used to going out and about. Unless you immobilize her for the time being, she will never stay in bed as told.” 
Both the doctor and Willow were at a loss for words. 
An awkward silence stretched between the three of them for what felt like an eternity before the doctor decided to break the silence and nodded. “All right then, Mr. George.”
Then, he injected Sabrina, who was still unconscious on the bed, with a type of medicine. 
After the doctor was done, Willow noticed that it was already late and got ready to leave. 
“Solomon, I’ll get going then. I’ll be back tomorrow, though.” 
“It’s all right. You can just stay here for the night.” 
Solomon did not go along with her suggestion like he usually did. 
Instead, he fetched his coat from the coat hanger and draped it over himself. Then, he took his prescriptions and car keys from the coffee table. 
Willow was stumped. “Huh? Are you asking me to stay here while you… Are you heading out?” 
Solomon nodded. “Yes, I’m coming back tomorrow.” 
His words did not leave any room for Willow to protest. Willow could even feel the murderous aura coming off of him. 
Where is he going? 
She stared blankly at him. 
In the end, she still could not summon the courage to ask where he was going, much less tell him that Sasha was coming tomorrow. 
Meanwhile, at Turlen. 
Devin had not been able to leave the hospital for the past few days. His aunt and uncle who were supposed to reach the hospital in the morning did not show up on time as they claimed that their flight was delayed.
“Devin, could you stay there longer to take care of your cousin? We’re already at the airport, but the staff in charge told us that the flight had been delayed. So there’s really nothing we can do.” 
“That’s right, Devin. She’s your cousin, after all. Could you just stay for one more night? Hmm?” 
Devin’s aunt and uncle did not call again after hanging up. 
Hence, there was nothing he could do except stay at the hospital. 
Thankfully, Kira did not throw a tantrum as she did in the morning. 
“Devin, it’s so painful…” 
She merely gave him the puppy dog eyes after she woke up. 
Devin was speechless. 
Ever since knowing that Kira harbored inappropriate intentions toward him, he started loathing the woman with every fiber of his being. Even the puppy dog eyes she was giving him were nauseating at best. 
However, he suppressed his feelings. 
“Just bear with it. Your leg is going to be fine.” 
“Really?” 
The woman was in so much pain that all colors drained from her face. Her eyes beamed with a glimmer of hope after listening to what Devin said. 
She was like a child who had gotten her hands on the sweetest candy.
“Devin, I’d like to eat ice cream. Could you help me buy it?” She decided not to push her luck and make things difficult for Devin. 
“Did I hear ice cream? Mr. Jadeson, your cousin could really use some ice cream right now to soothe her pain. Believe me, she’s experiencing quite a bit of it right now.” 
A nurse walked into the ward suddenly and overheard Kira’s request. It was apparent that she thought it was a good idea. 
Kira’s craving grew after listening to the nurse. “Devin…” 
She pouted her lips in such a pitiful manner that even the nurse did not have the heart to turn her down. 
In the end, Devin headed out of the ward. He went out of the hospital and drove along the road to hunt for ice cream in his SUV. 
When Solomon arrived at the hospital, Devin was already back with the ice cream. 
Solomon stopped his car outside and lifted his head to look at the third floor where the VIP ward was. Solomon noticed that a man was feeding the woman lying on the bed. 
I really don’t get it. What is Sabrina hoping for when this fella’s so hopelessly blind? 
Solomon got out of the car and slammed his car door shut. 
After a few minutes, in the ninth VIP ward on the third floor, Devin who was feeding medicine to Kira heard a loud bang. He turned his head around to trace the sound. 
An angry-looking young man had kicked down the door. 
“Solomon?”
Devin was stumped when he recognized the man. 
Kira, who was enjoying Devin’s care, was taken aback by the commotion as well. Her face froze at the sight of Solomon. 
However, Solomon left no time for them to think as he dashed for Kira’s bed as soon as he kicked down the door. 
“Do you think you can manipulate everyone with those tricks up your sleeve? Do you want to take Shanae’s legs as well? Huh?”
###Chapter 1037
Chapter 1037
He forcefully yanked off the woman’s blanket as he pinched at her legs’ suture points. 
“Ahh!” 
Instantly, Kira let out a sharp wail from the pain. 
Devin was dumbstruck. 
When he regained his composure, Devin realized that the man’s fingers were about to penetrate through Kira’s suture points, so he threw away the medicine in his hands right away. 
“Solomon, what the hell are you doing? Let her go!” Devin bellowed as he dashed over to stop the man. 
However, Solomon, who was wearing a pair of glasses, shot Devin a daggered look and gave him a chilling smile. 
“I thought that the famed Devin Jadeson was someone with guts. I didn’t think that you’re merely a puppet of your family.” 
“What did you say?” 
“Did I say anything wrong? This vicious woman just chopped off another person’s legs, and yet ironically enough, you’re here tending to her wound. 
“And did you know what happened to your woman when she was on the way to Clear? She’s pregnant with your child, but she was almost killed by the people this vicious woman hired to assassinate her while you took care of this b*tch!” 
He gritted every word through his teeth in utter disdain.
Disappointment was written all over Solomon’s face as he mocked Devin. 
Devin was thunderstruck. 
Pregnant? What is he talking about? 
The shocking news made Devin’s mind go blank. 
As the woman who was wailing in pain struggled, a murderous glint flashed in her bloodshot eyes. 
The next second, she let out a shriek. 
“I’m going to kill you!” 
She yanked off the needle on her IV tube and aimed it at Solomon. 
Seeing that, Solomon tried to dodge her, but the familiar buzzing sound in his head rang again. 
As a result, he staggered for a moment and did not manage to dodge Kira in time. A muted sound was heard as the needle pierced through Solomon’s neck. 
A pin-drop silence ensued. 
The culprit and Devin, who was still in a daze, stared at him wide-eyed in disbelief. 
They had ample reasons to be that surprised though, seeing as even a child would have easily dodged the attack, much less an adult like Solomon. 
Hence, it came as a surprise that Solomon failed to do so. 
Soon, they realized that the worst was yet to come. Even though Solomon covered his neck, they could clearly see that blood was seeping through his fingers before he slumped to the floor.
“Solomon!” 
Devin finally snapped out of his daze and hurriedly dashed over to steady the man. 
However, Solomon was already drifting in and out of consciousness as his blood continued to pour out of his wound. 
“Solomon! Solomon!” 
“She… she’s at Clear. The ch-child is all right. Don’t you dare mistreat her again. She i-is not that bright, but she’s always been loyal to you…” 
In the end, those were the last words Solomon said before he passed out. 
He said Sabrina’s not bright, but she’s loyal to me. 
He used the word ‘loyal’. 
Yes. compared to other women who only coveted the power and status of the Jadesons, Sabrina is as innocent as a child. She only cares about me and nothing more. What have I done? 
Devin only realized his grave mistake right then. 
He pressed down hard on Solomon’s neck as he tried to stop the bleeding. At that moment, he felt a panic attack like never before as he shouted, “Help! Somebody, please!” 
The woman on the bed turned pale as a ghost at the bloody sight before her. 
Solomon is one the Hayeses! 
Sasha and Sebastian had just arrived at Clear when they heard the news.
“What did you say? What happened to Solomon?” 
Sebastian turned grim after hearing what had happened to Solomon. 
The other person on the line then passed on another devastating message. 
“His carotid artery was severely injured after being stabbed by a needle. Even after being sent into the emergency room, the doctors could not stop the profuse bleeding. Besides, the doctor also said that seeing as Solomon was a final-stage leukemia patient… Sebastian, I…” 
The person on the other end of the line could not bring himself to finish his sentence. 
Sebastian boiled with rage after listening to him and bellowed, “Devin, you b*stard!” 
It was the first time Sebastian reprimanded him. 
Sasha’s heart sank as she listened to the conversation. After Sebastian hung up the call, she hurriedly asked, “What’s the matter? What happened to Solomon?” 
Sebastian took in a deep breath.
###Chapter 1038
Chapter 1038
“Something happened to him. We have to get to Turlen right now. He’s got final-stage leukemia. Please call Willow and ask if she knows which doctor has been treating him. We’re going to bring the doctor along too!” 
Did he just say ‘leukemia’? 
Sasha felt dizzy all of a sudden. 
After an hour, both of them left together with a doctor right away. 
Willow turned wistful as she watched Sebastian and Sasha leave. Her heart wrenched in pain at the thought of Solomon’s predicament as she silently prayed for him on the balcony. 
Solomon, you can get through it. 
What she did not realize was that the woman on the bed behind her was slowly regaining consciousness. 
In order to reach Turlen in the shortest time possible, Sasha and Sebastian decided to take a private jet instead of a commercial flight. 
Hence, it was only three to four in the morning when they reached Turlen. 
“Where is he?” the couple asked in unison upon arrival at the hospital. 
At that moment, Devin stood right in front of the operating theater, looking weary with his bloodshot eyes. As a soldier, he was always meticulous about his appearance and image. However, the shocking turn of events took a toll on him. 
“He’s still in the operating theater… The doctor is using a coagulating pump on him.”
“Coagulating pump?” 
All colors drained from Sasha’s face upon hearing those words. 
A coagulating pump was a recent invention in the medical industry. It would use high pressure to freeze a patient’s blood to stop excessive blood loss should normal surgery and medicine fail to do so. 
It could buy more time for doctors to tend to the patient’s wound. 
The fact that they were using the machine on Solomon was enough to illustrate how dire his condition was. 
“No, I need to have a look!” Sasha could not bring herself to calm down and insisted on going into the operating theater to take a look. She was hoping to use her techniques to stop the profuse bleeding. 
However, when even bone marrow cultivated from stem cells failed to save him, what could Sasha even do? 
Sebastian stopped her and said, “There’s no point of you getting in there. Dr. John, please get inside and hand over the medicine you brought along.” 
“Yes. Mr. Hayes.” 
Having said that, the doctor whom they brought along from Clear went into the operating theater. 
They waited for another excruciating two hours in the hallway without uttering a word. 
Sasha and Sebastian did not even ask Devin what had happened to Solomon. Similarly, Devin did not ask them what happened in Clear either. 
It was as though they had a tacit understanding that the deafening silence would only break after knowing that Solomon was out of danger.
Fortunately, after two hours, just when the first ray of light penetrated through the window, the red light outside the operating theater finally went off. 
“It’s off!” 
Sasha sprung up from the bench right away. 
Sebastian turned his head to take a glance as well. 
However, he did not budge as he observed Devin, who had been pacing back and forth, dashing toward the operating theater. 
As expected, Solomon was pushed out of the operating theater. 
“Doctor, how is he doing?” 
“The bleeding has stopped after using Dr. John’s medicine. However, he’s still in a very critical condition. If the bone marrow problem persists, I’m afraid that…” 
The doctor did not finish his sentence, knowing full well that he had conveyed the message. 
Sasha staggered backwards after hearing the news. 
“Darling!” Sebastian noticed her faltering and stepped forward to steady her. 
How can we solve the bone marrow issue? 
The answer was actually pretty straightforward. They needed to revive the calcified bone marrow that had lost its vital function to produce blood cells.
However, knowing that Solomon was poisoned rather than having developed leukemia, they couldn’t help but wonder if they could still save him. 
Sasha turned to look at Solomon who was on the operating table. I finally found him, but now… 
In the end, she could no longer contain her tears. 
“I cannot let my brother die…” 
“Yes, I know.” 
“So, is there a way to save him?” 
His calm and composed voice gave Sasha a glimmer of hope as she looked hopefully over at the man. 
Devin cast a hopeful look at Sebastian as well. 
However, in the end, he gave a solution that could not yield immediate results. 
“I’ve sent over his bone marrow samples to Grayson at the Jadeborough General Hospital. That’s the best hospital in the country and one of the best in the whole world as well. I’m currently waiting for his reply.” 
“Okay…” 
Even though Sasha was feeling a bit let down by the proposed solution, it was still better than nothing. 
After that, they watched as the doctor pushed Solomon into the intensive care unit. Then, Sebastian shot a daggered look over at the man standing opposite him.
###Chapter 1039
Chapter 1039
“Come over here!” Sebastian snapped. 
Even though Devin was older than Sebastian, he did not have the guts to protest and walked over to Sebastian’s side after glancing at him. 
As Sasha looked at the other end of the hallway, her face sank. She headed to the ward afterward. 
Everything happened because of that b*tch! 
Sasha reached the VIP ward in no time. 
“Mrs. Jadeson?” 
Two soldiers in plain clothes were already standing guard outside VIP ward number 9 when Sasha arrived. 
They were taken aback at the sight of Sasha. 
Sasha looked impassively at them and asked, “Is the woman in there?” 
The soldiers nodded immediately. “Yes, Major Devin called us here to guard her. Mrs. Jadeson, are you…” 
“Open the door! I want to meet her!” 
Sasha ordered without hesitation. 
The two soldiers were hesitant to give way and replied, “Mrs. Jadeson, it’s not that we do not want to let you in, but… she’s gone mad. Even Mr. George was hurt because of her. We’re worried that you might…”
“She’s gone mad?” 
Sasha snorted as she noticed hysterical cries coming from the ward. 
I’d like to see how crazy she is. 
Sasha kicked down the door and went straight in. 
Bang! 
“Ahh!” 
The woman inside the ward let out a shriek as she hurled something in Sasha’s direction. 
Fortunately, Sasha swiftly dodged the in the nick of time. 
Clang! 
The fell to the floor and smashed into pieces. 
It turned out to be a cup. 
Sasha waited patiently as the room fell silent. Then, with an emotionless face, she looked up at the disheveled woman who was hiding behind the curtain. 
Well, well. Doesn’t she look just like a lunatic? 
Too bad she’s just faking it. 
Sasha took out a long needle that she brought along with her. “Actually, after staying in Jadeborough for so long, I realized that the most outstanding member of the Woods family is you!
“Oh, you were such a sweetheart when you buttered Old Mr. Woods up. You were submissive to your aunt and did her bidding by poisoning Sebastian. I think you’re wiser than most of the Woodses.” 
Having said that, Sasha pulled over a chair and sat cross-legged in front of Kira. 
She did nothing in particular except toying with the long needle in her hand. 
A ray of light hit the tip of the sharp needle, and it glistened chillingly. 
The woman crouching in the corner averted her gaze. 
But then, she turned to look at the curtain and reached out as if trying to climb on it while mumbling to herself like a madwoman. 
Sasha smiled. “But, you’ve made a grave mistake. You’ve tried too hard to keep a low profile. When Devin’s parents died, it was Shanae who showed up to seek justice for them. When Devin encountered trouble in Coldbridge, it was also Shanae who stood up for him. And yet, you, Devin’s cousin, stayed as far away from him as possible. Do you think this all makes sense?” 
Sasha lowered her head and swiftly aimed the needle in her hand at Kira’s neck. 
“Hiss!” 
As expected, Kira’s response was lightning-fast. 
As soon as Sasha struck out, Kira managed to clutch the curtain tightly as she retreated in shock. 
Can a real lunatic really respond this fast? 
Even Sabrina and Frieda did not manage to dodge the needle previously when Sasha attempted the same move, not until the needle had penetrated into their bodies.
Sasha paused as she looked at Kira, with the needle mere inches away from the latter’s neck. 
“What are you hiding from? I’m not going to kill you now. Let me tell you, the harder you try to conceal your true self, the harder the repercussions will bite back at you. I didn’t think it was worth the effort to deal with you back then, but you made a grave mistake when you decided to hurt Sabrina!” 
Sasha’s eyes flashed with a cold glint as her needle edged closer and closer to the woman before her. 
Kira turned pale as a ghost at the sight of the needle. Turning around, she was about to reach for the windows. 
However, it was too late for that. The woman sitting in the chair, the same woman who managed to subdue the whole Ataraxy and even the Jadesons, stabbed Kira with the needle. 
“Ahh!” 
Sasha chose to stab her in the neck as well. 
She wanted Kira to suffer much more pain than Solomon did. 
The whole ward was filled with Kira’s sharp wails right then. She clutched onto her neck and rolled on the floor in excruciating agony as her body convulsed from the pain. 
The two soldiers standing outside the door felt chills down their spines at the sight of it. 
I never thought that Mrs. Jadeson could be so vicious.
###Chapter 1040
Chapter 1040
Meanwhile, in a quieter hallway of the hospital building, Sebastian shot a ferocious look at Devin. 
“What’s the matter with you? You’ve turned into a completely different person after leaving Jadeborough. Did your parents’ death somehow mess with your brain? Or did you do it on purpose to get back at me?” 
Infuriated, Sebastian reprimanded his cousin. 
Devin boiled with fury after listening to him. 
“What the hell are you saying?” 
“Am I wrong? For goodness’ sake, Devin, you’re a commander. You’re always dealing with the most malicious criminals and have never even lost once. Why were you unable to spot the woman’s schemes? Why, Devin?” 
Sebastian reached out and poked Devin’s chest. 
As Devin looked at the finger that was pointing right at his chest, a hint of panic flashed across his eyes. 
No, it’s not that I am oblivious to the woman’s evil deeds! 
I’ve known it all along. Otherwise, why would I order Henrick to investigate Shanae? 
Moreover, if I was truly oblivious, I wouldn’t have sided with Sabrina when Kira’s leg was chopped off. 
So, why did Devin choose not to expose the woman? 
“I’m just going to say it then. You have never intended to expose her. You’re just using that b*tch to infuriate my sister so that she will stay as far away from you as possible. You’re only able to live with
yourself by telling yourself that you’re not rejecting her because she’s a Hayes! Instead, you’re trying to convince yourself that you’re staying away from her because she’s an unreasonable and demanding woman!” 
“You…” 
“Don’t for a second think that I don’t know you’re only doing all these just because she’s a Hayes! You’ve never gotten over that fact. Devin, do you know who you look like right now? Your hypocrisy and brazenness are exactly like that of your mother.” 
Slap! 
In the end, the man who was shaking with fury slapped Sebastian across the face. 
Sebastian’s face twisted to one side from the sheer momentum, and the hallway fell into pin-drop silence. 
Oh, is he getting mad now? Because I’ve just exposed the truth about his hypocrisy? 
Sebastian licked the corner of his lips, which was seeping with blood. Sniggering, he turned around to leave. 
Devin was rendered speechless. 
There was a moment when he truly felt like reaching out and grabbing at Sebastian. 
However, he could not summon any strength as his hands shook uncontrollably. In the end, he stood grounded as he watched Sebastian leave. 
Devin had never felt this miserable before.
After all, he had always been an outstanding child growing up. Even when he became an adult, he was still a role model whom people look up to. His image to others was impeccable. 
That was until now. 
After Sebastian reprimanded him, he felt buck naked and embarrassed as a sense of remorse washed over him. 
Sebastian was right. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian headed toward the ward from the hallway. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you all right?” 
“I’m fine.” 
He wiped away the bloodstain on the corner of his lips forcefully as he peered into the ward. 
The woman inside was no longer screaming. Instead, she could only let out muted cries as she shuffled helplessly on the ground on all fours. 
What is Sasha doing inside? 
He furrowed his brows uneasily and asked, “What happened inside?” 
The two soldiers did not know how to answer him. 
After some time, they finally answered hesitantly, “Mr. Jadeson, I think it’s best if you don’t enter the ward first… Mrs. Jadeson doesn’t seem to believe that the woman inside has gone mad. She’s testing her.”
The vein near his forehead twitched in response as he turned around to leave in silence. 
All right then, I might as well let her have some fun. Meanwhile, I can take the time to sort the mess on my face so that she doesn’t worry about me. 
After he left, Kira let out another sharp shriek that could make one’s hair stand on end. The two soldiers hurriedly turned their heads to one side as cold sweat broke out on their foreheads. 
“Have you thought it through? Are you going to tell me how Shanae died now?” 
In the ward, Sasha opened the voice recorder application on her smartphone as she crossed her hands in front of her chest. Then she looked down on the woman who was groveling at her feet. 
The truth was, Sasha did not wish to take her life just yet. 
She merely stopped the blood from flowing to the few vital points on Kira’s lower body. 
Hence, Kira could only crawl on the floor like a dog. However, each step she took would be accompanied by a sharp pain in her stiff lower body, tormenting her to no end. 
“You… You are a bad woman…” 
She’s still keeping up the act, huh? 
Sasha finally lost all patience and stepped on Kira’s legs in a swift motion. Then she took the needle in her hand and pierced it into Kira’s suture point on her broken leg.
###Chapter 1041
Chapter 1041
“Ah!’ 
Kira let out an even more agonized scream. 
Sasha let go of her but did not remove the needle. Instead, she merely looked down at her. 
“Look carefully. In ten seconds, the artery that was just connected will close up. When it closes up, your leg will lose its blood supply and will be rendered useless due to the lack of blood circulation. Have you thought it through?” 
Such horrid words seemed to roll off her tongue casually as she tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. 
Right after that, Sasha glanced at her watch and started counting, “One, two, three…” 
“Sasha, you are such a b*itch! What are you trying to do?” 
Kira finally revealed her true self. Overwhelmed by torturous pain and fear, she screamed at Sasha with bloodshot eyes. 
Sasha lifted her eyebrows. “I have already told you. I want you to tell me how Shanae died.” 
Kira did not respond. 
“Four, five, six…” 
“I’ll tell you! I’ll tell you!” Kira finally screamed, “Drakon killed Shanae.” 
“What? She died in Drakon’s hands? Look into my eyes and repeat that again.” 
Sasha suddenly bent down in front of Kira, her cold eyes boring into Kira’s like a demon. 
Kira shivered immediately and cowered in fear.
“I was the one who persuaded him to do it. I told him that if he killed her, the Jadesons would trust me more. T-Then, I chopped off her two legs.” 
“I see. Chopped off her two legs?” 
Sasha finally found the answers she wanted. Then her gaze fell on Kira’s leg. 
Instantly, Kira started trembling in fear. 
She tried to retract her leg but to no avail. 
Sasha sneered as she looked at Kira and took out the needle. “I will let you go for now. Let’s move on to the second question. Are you the mastermind for what happened at Coldbridge? Or was that all Shanae?” 
Kira paused before she replied in a small voice, “It was me.” 
“Third question. Was Drakon the one who cut your leg off, or did you ask him to help you cut it off?” 
Kira could not muster the courage to answer that question as she knew that she would be doomed if she did so. 
Suddenly, she lifted her head. Lifelessly, she stared at Sasha with bloodshot eyes. “Why do you have to ask this question?” 
Sasha shrugged. “I want to know what lengths a crazy woman can go to. Do you know Yancy, Solomon’s mother?” 
Kira did not respond to that. 
“Let me tell you. I thought that she was the craziest woman I have seen in this world. She could sacrifice other people’s lives to achieve her own ives. However, I realized that you are crazier
and more ruthless than she was. You were even willing to harm yourself.” 
Sasha bent down again and touched Kira’s broken leg. 
Fear flashed across Kira’s pale face as she instinctively tried to retract her leg. 
However, her efforts were futile. 
By then, her lower body was already numb. She also realized with horror that even though Sasha had taken out the needle, her leg was losing more color every second. 
“You…” 
“Do you not need to atone for your sins? After all, you chopped off someone’s legs. Also, you hurt Solomon because of this leg. He is still unconscious and in danger. Do you not need to compensate for everything you’ve done?” 
Sasha lifted her hand, pressing on Kira’s wound slowly with increasing strength as she stared at her calmly. 
At that moment, howls of pain echoed throughout the ward. 
The voice did not sound humane anymore. 
As Kira turned her head to look at her broken leg that was being pulled apart by Sasha, her ear- piercing screams were full of despair. Finally, the whole leg was torn off her body, revealing her bones. 
Suddenly, there was absolute silence. 
Kira had finally blacked out.
Upon seeing this, Sasha stood up and threw away the leg in disgust. 
“Mrs. Jadeson?” 
“Get your Major to come over here and hand this to him.” 
She then took out the phone with the recording and handed it to the two soldiers guarding the entrance. 
The truth was that she did not intend to take Kira’s life because she wanted Devin to regret the foolish decisions he had made in the past few days. 
She wanted to show him the true personality of Kira, who had him wrapped around her finger. 
With that, Sasha left the ward. 
It was already late, and there was no news of the bone marrow sample that was sent to Jadeborough. 
Hence, Sasha and Sebastian decided to find a hotel nearby the hospital to rest for the night. 
“Sebby, do you think there’s hope in Dr. Wallen? If there isn’t, can we ask the Rocke family?” she asked Sebastian cautiously as she watched him pour water for her. 
When they reached the hotel, Sasha immediately took off her shoes and sat on the couch.
###Chapter 1042
Chapter 1042
She had been dwelling on this question for a long time. 
After they had managed to get their second chance at life, they did not dare to mention the Rocke family. After all, that family, including that woman carrying the Rocke last name, had brought them many painful memories. 
However, this matter concerned Solomon’s life. 
Therefore, Sasha decided to bring up the suggestion. 
As expected, Sebastian’s hand that was holding the cup stilled for a moment. 
However, he recovered quickly and walked toward Sasha with the cup of warm water. “Sure, if there is no good news from Grayson, I will ask him to find Trevor.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Why is he asking Grayson to find Trevor instead of doing it himself? 
Nonetheless, Sasha was touched. Once Sebastian sat on the couch, she burrowed into his chest. “Thank you, Sebby.” 
“For?” 
“Thank you for accompanying me here and also for saving him,” Sasha’s eyes were teary as she replied to Sebastian sincerely. 
She was indeed grateful to him because she knew that he was a petty man. However, he accompanied her here and even arranged a helicopter to save Solomon. 
Sasha was at a loss for words.
“Hah! Then, how are you going to repay me? I rescued your childhood sweetheart and saved you from regrets. How are you going to thank me?” Sebastian’s tone was dripping with sarcasm as he stared at her. 
However, Sebastian’s handsome face fell upon seeing that tears were welling up in her eyes. 
Sasha was stunned. 
What childhood sweetheart? Isn’t my childhood sweetheart him? 
Sasha wanted to rebut him immediately, but as she glanced at the grouchy man, she suddenly had a better idea. 
She straightened her back in his embrace and glanced up at him. Then, she suddenly inched closer and planted her luscious pink lips on his. It was the first time she had initiated a kiss with Sebastian. 
Meanwhile, it was a completely different scene at the hospital. 
After Devin listened to the phone recording, he entered the ward. Not long after, the two subordinates guarding the door saw him dragging the woman out of the ward. 
“Devin, no! Don’t! I’m sorry! I’ve learned my mistake now!” 
Her ear-piercing screams were bone-chilling as they echoed through the silent night. 
This was the first time the two subordinates saw Devin so enraged. 
As a gentle and patient person, his temper was the best amongst the whole squad. Although he was strict when leading the squad, he was rarely violent and had never lost control like this. 
They could feel their scalps prickle as they watched him drag the woman out.
After a few minutes, this very sight greeted Kira’s parents when they finally arrived and got out of the car. 
“I will not harm you. I am handing you over to your parents right now so that they can bring you back. By the way, I will also send Shanae’s legs back. I wonder, how will Richard deal with you when he sees them?” 
Everyone was rendered speechless. 
The faces of Kira’s parents went completely pale upon hearing him mention Richard, who was the head of the Woods family. 
As for Kira, who was thrown onto the ground, she shrieked helplessly, “No! Please don’t send me back! Devin, I’m begging you! Don’t send me back!” 
However, Devin ignored her and turned around to walk back to the hospital. 
Meanwhile, Kira struggled on the floor hysterically. She wanted to crawl over and stop Devin but to no avail as she was missing a leg. 
Therefore, she screamed in desperation, “Devin, kill me! Please kill me!” 
To everyone’s surprise, her last plea was asking Devin to kill her. 
Indeed, compared to being punished by the Woods, she would rather be killed by Devin. The Woodses were much scarier than him. After all, she had ruined Shanae and killed her. 
Hence, Richard would definitely not spare her. 
The cruel man would undoubtedly use the most inhumane method to punish her.
“Don’t…” 
But Devin had returned to the hospital. 
As if there was no strength left in him, he slumped onto the long bench. 
I have punished her. But what about me? How do I atone for my sins? 
He leaned against the long bench as he lifted his head and stared blankly into the dark night sky. After a while, he fished his phone out of his pocket. 
He unlocked his phone and opened WhatsApp. 
XX/XX/2021 
Sabrina: Devin, where are you? 
Her profile picture showed a pair of black heels and red lips. After he clicked on it, he could see their chat history when they were in Jadeborough. 
At that time, he had left for Coldbridge to hide for a few days, and Sabrina was looking for him all over the world.
###Chapter 1043
Chapter 1043
He had received her message but did not reply to it. 
He reached for the keyboard on his phone, but he was at a loss for words. After hovering over the keyboard for a while, he finally typed a word. 
Devin: Sabrina. 
The moment he sent out his message, a red exclamation mark appeared on the chat. 
Devin was dumbfounded. 
After a few seconds, he came to a sudden realization. At once, he felt like a bucket of ice water was poured down his head, freezing him from head to toe. His expression paled as he looked at the exclamation mark. 
It turned out that she had blocked him. 
Time flew by quickly, and it was almost midnight. The hospital was eerily quiet, and the lights in the garden seemed to have darkened. Even the humidity that permeated the air seemed palpable. 
Touching his cold face, he finally stood up from the bench and dragged himself into the hospital lobby. 
“Major, where were you?” 
He was slightly surprised to see a subordinate rushing toward him immediately. 
Devin’s lips twitched a little, and he wanted to respond but could not utter a word due to his parched throat. 
The subordinate continued, “Ms. Hayes is here, Major. Did you see her when you were outside? She has already gone to Solomon’s intensive care unit.”
“What did you say?” he asked in a hoarse voice. 
There was finally a hint of emotion on his impassive face. 
The subordinate pulled him toward the lobby. “Take a look. Isn’t that her? She has been standing there for quite some time. Did you not know?” 
Having said that, the subordinate pointed in the direction of the third floor where the intensive care unit was situated. 
Devin was speechless. 
The next second, blood rushed to his head as he quickly ran upstairs. 
This was also the first time he had ever run so eagerly to that woman. 
It was indeed Sabrina. 
She had reached the hospital a while ago after renting a helicopter in Clear. 
Upon arriving at the hospital, she had passed by the garden in front of the hospital and saw Devin sitting on the bench. However, she had walked past him without a second glance at the man. 
Then, she came to the intensive care unit. 
The weather was cold during the nights of Turlen. It was rare to see Sabrina wearing a black coat and a black beret on her head. 
She was standing in front of the glass window, looking at Solomon who was on the ventilator. 
What kind of feeling is this?
The truth was that she was unsure. 
She only remembered the woman who ruined her family. Sabrina had hated the woman since she was little and would scold the latter every time she came to their house decked in lavish clothes. 
Therefore, when she found out that she had a son, she hated him too. 
Especially when they were the ones to blame for her father’s death and also the ones who almost killed her. Naturally, her hatred for them ran deep. 
However, everything seemed to have ended once and for all. 
The evil woman had died in the hands of her beloved son. 
As for her son, he was lying in front of her, about to disappear forever from this world in a few days. 
But why don’t I feel happy? 
She slowly raised her hand and placed it on the glass window, with her pale and slender fingers covering his familiar face 
His facial features were clearer after his glasses were removed. When she glanced over at him, she thought she was seeing her father instead. 
That’s right. No one noticed that Solomon looked like Dad since he was always wearing glasses. Perhaps he did not want people to notice it, or maybe he didn’t want himself resembling Dad. 
Right then, Sabrina’s gaze fell on his neck, which was fully wrapped in gauze. Finally, as an old face full of wrinkles overlapped with Solomon’s youthful one, her eyes turned misty as tears began to stream down her cheeks. 
“Sabrina?”
Suddenly, someone called her name from her right side. 
Her tears stopped flowing instantly when she heard it. She took another serious look at the man in the intensive care unit before slowly letting her hand down. 
Seeing that, Devin suppressed his excitement and slowly walked over to her. 
“When did you reach? I was going to get in touch with you but—” 
Slap! 
No one had expected Sabrina to suddenly turn around and raise her hand to slap Devin as he was explaining. 
At once, the air around them became still, and the world fell silent. 
The tension in the air at that moment was so dense that it was almost palpable. 
Shocked by the slap, his mind went blank as his face stayed tilted to the side for a long time. 
It was the first time he had been slapped. 
“This slap is for my brother. He must have been blind to trust a person like you,” Sabrina’s eyes were bloodshot as she said through gritted teeth. 
Before Devin could react, she lifted her hand and gave herself a slap. 
Slap! 
The sound was as clear as the first slap. Her face was swollen immediately, and a slap mark appeared on her face.
Devin was utterly stunned. “What are you doing? Are you crazy?” 
However, Sabrina let out a cold laugh. Chills ran down Devin’s spine at the sound of it. 
“This slap is for me. I must have been blind to like a man like you. Devin, for now on, I have nothing to do with you. If I ever take another look at you, I will dig out my own eyes!”
###Chapter 1044
Chapter 1044
Devin did not move for a long time. 
Instead, he merely watched her leaving figure numbly. For what felt like an eternity, he did not move from his spot as if all that was left of him was an empty vessel. 
He had never heard her say such cruel words before. 
To make matters worse, he had also never seen such a regretful and pained expression on her face when she looked at him. 
So, I still lost her in the end. 
At that moment, all Devin could feel was the hollowness in his heart that was threatening to swallow him whole. 
The next day, when Sasha and Sebastian woke up in the hotel, they received news that Sabrina had also gone to the hospital. 
“Is she crazy? Isn’t she pregnant? I thought she couldn’t even leave the bed. How did she end up here?” 
Upon hearing the news, Sasha wanted to rush to the hospital and find Sabrina. 
Sebastian’s expression had also darkened. 
But when he saw that Sasha did not even wear her jacket as she prepared to leave, he reached out to pull her back. 
“Why are you in a rush? Since she is already here, you can’t just send her back. Wear your jacket first. Then, let’s have breakfast before we go over.”
“But…” 
Sasha stomped her feet in frustration upon hearing Sebastian’s suggestion. 
Nonetheless, she ended up listening to him as he wrapped her in a large coat. Then, as if he was carrying Vivian, he lifted her, and both of them went downstairs for breakfast. 
Since Sabrina had already come, there was indeed no need to rush things. 
For all they knew, Sabrina might even be having breakfast in a high-end restaurant at that moment. 
As such, Sasha had her meal with Sebastian before going to the hospital. 
“Right! Since she is here, I wonder if Devin has seen her. How are both of them doing?” 
Sasha could not stop herself from worrying on their way to the hospital. 
On the other hand, Sebastian was looking through his emails with his head lowered. He was checking if there were any emails from Jadeborough. Upon hearing Sasha’s words, he scoffed without glancing up. 
“How well can they be doing? Do you still wish for them to reconcile?” 
Sasha did not respond but coughed awkwardly. 
Although it was what she had predicted, she still felt terrible after hearing about the news. 
They finally arrived at the hospital around ten minutes later. 
Upon reaching the hospital, they saw a young woman wearing a black jacket and denim jeans with a high ponytail having a conversation with a doctor.
Behind her stood a familiar male figure. 
On closer look, the man kept a ten-step distance away from her, and he wore a cautious expression. 
The tables had turned indeed. 
Sasha instantly let go of Sebastian’s hand and ran toward Sabrina. 
“Sab, why did you come here? Are you feeling well?” 
“Why wouldn’t I be?” 
Sabrina pushed away Sasha who tried to support her, wearing a displeased expression on her makeup-laden face. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Aren’t you with child? Also, I thought you needed to be on bed rest. Are you sure you are fine? 
Her gaze swept across Sabrina’s stomach. When she realized that Sabrina was wearing denim jeans and flat-soled sneakers, she was even more worried. 
“Sab…” 
“That’s enough. This doctor said that you had his bone marrow extracted and sent to Jadeborough yesterday. Is the result out yet? How is it?” 
However, Sabrina interrupted her impatiently and asked about Solomon. 
Sasha stared at Sabrina as she bit her lip. In the end, she turned her head toward Sebastian, who was walking toward them.
“Sebby, is there any news from Dr. Wallen?” 
“Yes.” 
Sebastian seemed much calmer than her. 
After giving a simple affirmative response, he did not even look at Sabrina as his gaze fell on the doctor instead. 
“Doctor, could we discuss this in your office?” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
The doctor immediately nodded enthusiastically and invited him to his office. 
Sasha and the others, including Devin, followed them quickly. 
It was a nerve-racking moment for everyone, be it for Sasha, who was worried about Solomon since the start, or for Sabrina, Sebastian, and even Devin. 
They were all waiting for the answer, especially Devin. 
Every fiber in his being had tensed up at that moment. After entering the office, he stared at the doctor with bated breath. 
To Devin, Solomon’s life was as important as his. 
After everyone entered the office, Sebastian sat down and handed his phone to the doctor. 
The doctor took it and inspected it carefully. 
“It looks like there is still hope.” After staring at the result for a while, he finally responded.
Everyone heaved a sigh of relief in response. 
“Are you sure? Doctor, what do you mean? Is there an antidote for the poison?”
###Chapter 1045
Chapter 1045
The doctor shook his head at the agitated Sasha. “There’s simply no antidote for this poison. It has been like this for many years now. According to the report you sent me, the bone marrow is not entirely necrotic.” 
“So what does that mean?” 
“It means we have to find a way to revive it.” The doctor gave a simple answer and made it sound easy, but that could not be further from the truth. 
Sasha knew it would not be easy to achieve such a feat. Does that mean we’ll need another person’s bone marrow? 
As a doctor herself, Sasha did not take long to see where the doctor was going with the conversation. 
“We’ll need a matching bone marrow then, won’t we?” 
“Yes, but not just anybody’s. Because of the unique condition and the low success rate, it’s best that we do the transplant from an immediate family member. Otherwise, the procedure may fail and shorten what little time the patient has instead,” explained the doctor extensively and professionally after going through the report. 
At that point, the room got so quiet that a pin drop could be heard, for everyone knew that the patient basically had no immediate relatives left. 
Knowing that both Yancy and Frederick had passed away, Sasha could not think of anyone else who would fit the bill. Sasha dared not to look at the person next to her, fearing that she would be misunderstood if she were to do so. 
What right do I have to ask her to save Solomon? The things he and his mother did to her were unforgivable. Besides, she’s an expectant mother now.
“Doctor, what if we…” 
“I’m his sister. When can we proceed with the operation?” interrupted Sabrina just when Sasha wanted to ask the doctor to search for a suitable donor. 
To everyone’s surprise, Sabrina offered to donate her bone marrow, causing both Sasha and Sebastian to turn and raise their brows curiously at her. 
As quick as the two were, Devin still beat them to it as he instantly stepped up to shoot down the idea. 
“You can’t do that! You’re pregnant now, remember? How can you donate your bone marrow?” Devin could no longer keep his silence. 
“And why not? I never said anything about delivering the baby,” scoffed the woman in response. 
“But…” 
“So when will it be, doctor? If it’s today, I’ll go take my pills now, and we can proceed in the afternoon.” 
Devin, drained of colors, was not the only one having trouble understanding Sabrina’s decision as Sasha, too, could not figure out what Sabrina was thinking at the moment. 
“Sab, what are you doing? Do you have any idea what this will do to your body? This… This procedure is no joke. We’re talking about extracting your bone marrow and aborting a baby. Heck, if things were to go wrong, your life could be in danger!” exclaimed Sasha in all seriousness. 
After glancing at Sasha, Sabrina stayed silent for a while but remained adamant about her decision. Devin’s face fell as he could tell from the look in her eyes that she meant every word she said in that room.
A few minutes after everyone left the office, Devin decided to grab Sabrina by the arm and pull her elsewhere. 
“What are you doing? Let me go! Let go!” shouted Sabrina. 
“You and I are going to have a little talk.” 
“What’s there to talk about? Like I told you, we’re through! Didn’t you hear me? Let me go! Let me go now!” 
Even from a distance away, Sasha could hear the woman’s shouting. 
“Do you think they’re going to be fine? Shouldn’t we go take a look?” Sasha asked Sebastian worriedly as she peeked at the two from the hallway. 
“Why should we? I’m sure they can work things out on their own. What we should focus on right now is figuring out this bone marrow issue.” Sebastian, who knew that there was nothing they could do to help, pulled Sasha away from the arguing couple. 
Devin only loosened his grip on Sabrina when they reached a less crowded spot. 
Upset with what Devin just did, Sabrina gave the man a hard kick to the shin. 
“That’s for being a jerk, Devin! Remember how you used to act all high and mighty when I wanted nothing more than to be with you? Now that I’ve finally come to my senses, you can’t seem to leave me alone. Are all men like this, or is it just you?” 
The man in pain took a few seconds to rub his shin and swallow his anger before looking up at Sabrina again.
“What do I have to do to redeem myself? I know what I did in the past was wrong. I should’ve taken up my responsibility as a man back then, but instead, I tried to run away from it. That was on me.”
###Chapter 1046
Chapter 1046
“But you can’t just make decisions like that. You’re with child now! You don’t know how much risk you’re putting yourself at by agreeing to be a donor. What if… What if things go sideways?” 
Sabrina watched as Devin struggled to find the right words to finish his sentence. 
It was only after Devin was done speaking that Sabrina sneered condescendingly at the man. “What? Are you trying to tell me that you want the child now?” 
“That’s not what I meant.” 
“What did you mean then? You know what, Devin? Things would be a lot easier if you could just be straightforward with me. Why do you always have to beat around the bush? It makes you look like a coward. Do you know that?” 
The man was stunned at being called a coward. 
“After your parents died, you could’ve just told me that you wanted to end our relationship. After all, my brother was the reason why you lost both of your parents. You could’ve just told me that, and I would’ve understood why you needed to stay away from me. Don’t make that mistake again. You don’t have to act like you care about my health. If you want me to deliver the baby, just say it. I’m absolutely fine with that,” stated Sabrina calmly with her arms folded. 
At that moment, there was nothing but indifference on Sabrina’s face. Even her condescending sneer had disappeared. It was as if the whole thing did not concern her at all. 
When Sabrina finished her sentence, Devin’s face was left without a hint of color. 
Staring down blankly at the floor, the man looked as if he was utterly defeated.
Devin then started to wonder if what Sabrina said was true. Is the baby all I care about? No! I care about both the baby and Sabrina! 
Bit by bit, Sabrina’s words had broken down Devin’s walls. After being called a coward and having his facade torn down, the man was finally willing to reveal his true self. 
With his hands shaking uncontrollably by his sides, Devin confessed, “That’s not true. I want… I just want you to be safe.” 
“Is that so? Good. I was planning to get rid of the child. And after a few days of rest, I’ll be ready to donate my bone marrow,” responded Sabrina with an icy-cold visage. 
With that, Devin quickly lowered his head so that Sabrina would not see his welled-up eyes. After clearing his throat, the man agreed with Sabrina. “All right.” 
Sabrina was a little taken aback by the unexpected response. 
“I respect your decision, but you have to promise me that you’ll take care of yourself after the abortion. You can’t put yourself in harm’s way ever again just because you hate me.” 
In response to that, Sabrina chuckled with disbelief. 
Does he mean to tell me that I would put myself in harm’s way because of him? How vain can this man be? Why would I put myself in harm’s way for someone I don’t care about? 
“Oh, I’ll take good care of myself. You don’t have to worry about that. After the abortion, I’ll marry into the Sheerwoods in no time. In case you forgot, I have a man who loves me with all his heart, and he’s waiting for me.” 
It took a whole minute before Devin could manage to get words out of his mouth. “I wish you all the best.”
After that, the man turned around and quietly walked away. 
Sabrina stared at Devin’s back until he was out of sight before she turned around and walked away. 
Coincidentally enough, Sasha was heading in Sabrina’s direction since the woman had been gone for a while. 
“Sab!” called out Sasha when she finally saw Sabrina. 
Suddenly, Sabrina broke down in the crowded hallway. She collapsed onto the floor with her face covered and bawled like a child. 
Although words could not describe what Sabrina was going through, Sasha knew what it felt like since something similar had happened to her. 
Back then, she could not be with Sebastian because of what happened to Xenia, so she chased the man away at the airport. Sasha then broke down exactly the way Sabrina did. 
It felt like her heart had been stabbed a million times over, but there was nothing she could do to stop the pain. 
Sasha then decided to give Sabrina some space, so she walked away and returned to the doctor’s office. 
“So did you find them?” inquired Sebastian. 
Sasha entered the room with a darkened expression. “Is there really no other way? Sab will lose her child if she donates.” Instead of answering the man’s question, Sasha brought up a heart-breaking question in the saddest tone.
###Chapter 1047
Chapter 1047
Naturally, their relationship would reach its end when the child was gone. 
However, Sebastian was silent for a very long time. 
Furrowing his eyebrows, he searched through the list of bone marrow donors around the world. However, he did not find a single suitable one. 
Thus, he was at a loss on how to answer her question. 
Two days later, the hospital decided that Sabrina would become the donor. 
When she received the news, she put on some light makeup, which was the complete opposite of her usual style. 
“Sab, you…” Sasha trailed off when she saw Sabrina walking out of the hotel room. 
Sasha had never seen this side of her before. 
It turned out that Sabrina could also be breathtakingly gorgeous without her usual heavy makeup. Well, Frieda was a beauty at her age, so how could her sister be anything less than her? 
“Let’s go.” As if Sabrina did not notice her stunned expression, she left after throwing the latter a glance. 
Immediately, Sasha followed right behind her. 
Not long after, the two arrived at the hospital. Sasha decided to accompany her to the obstetrics department first. 
Bone marrow donation was undoubtedly harmful to the human body, so it would be better for a pregnant lady to abort her child first. After getting some rest, she could then continue with the surgery.
Intending to hurry up and consult with a doctor, Sasha walked in front of Sabrina. 
However, she soon realized that Sabrina was not following behind her the moment she stepped into the obstetrics department. “Sab?” 
Sabrina did not answer her. 
After a moment, the stiffened woman averted her reddened eyes. “I-I’m a bit nervous. You can go on and consult with the doctor first. I’ll come over in a while.” 
“Okay.” Sasha nodded. 
Then, she went inside the room with a heavy heart. 
As a mother herself, she naturally understood Sabrina’s feelings right now. Although the latter had stubbornly denied wanting her child, she must be struggling internally. 
While Sasha went inside the consultation room, Sabrina stayed outside. 
“Ms. Hayes, so there you are! A patient in the intensive care unit upstairs suddenly woke up and wanted to meet you,” a nurse rushed to her all of a sudden and said. 
Solomon is awake? 
Sabrina was taken aback for a moment before following the nurse upstairs. 
It turned out that the nurse was right, for Solomon was indeed awake. 
After being unconscious in the intensive care unit for a few days, it was more than a mere coincidence that he woke up when she was there. Is that what they meant by the special connection between siblings?
After Sabrina entered his ward, she immediately saw the man on a ventilator looking around for something. When he set her eyes on her blurry silhouette, he stuttered weakly, “C-Come over…” 
Since he had been unconscious for too long, he could not even produce a complete sentence properly. The only thing he could do was move his hand, gesturing for her to come over. 
At that, Sabrina walked over to his bed. 
“What are you doing?” When she approached him, she noticed that his eyes were filled with anger. 
Why is he angry? Is it because I’m going to donate my bone marrow to him? 
Sabrina averted her gaze and answered, “I’m going to save you.” 
The man was speechless for a moment before he started coughing heavily. It seemed that her words had provoked him. 
Sabrina was shocked by his reaction and immediately held him down. Then, she blurted out in anger, “Why are you so emotional? Isn’t it right for me to save you? You’re my brother, so I’m obliged to do so!” 
Beep! Beep… Beep… 
Finally, the ECG monitor stopped beeping at an alarming rate and slowed down. 
Is she admitting that I’m her brother? 
Upon hearing that, Solomon’s eyes turned red. He was hit by a strong wave of emotions, prompting him to close his eyes shut. 
“It’s… not… worth it.”
“In what way is it not worth it? Once you’ve recovered, you can take over the Hayeses. It’ll be your best way to repay me.” As she had talked about worse things, Sabrina found the words easy to get out of her mouth. 
Instantly, Solomon’s mouth started to twitch uncontrollably. 
However, he decided to ask the question that concerned him the most instead, “How about the baby?” 
Sabrina answered, “I don’t want it anymore.” 
Solomon was dumbstruck. 
“Didn’t you want me to get married? What do you think of the son of the Sheerwood family? I think he’s all right. Once you recover, you can attend my wedding.” While standing next to the man she wanted to save, she laughed bitterly.
###Chapter 1048
Chapter 1048
Meanwhile, Sebastian saw a black SUV outside the hospital when Sabrina was being pushed into the operating theater. 
The car window was winded down, and a tanned and muscled arm was hanging outside it. When Sebastian took a few steps forward, he saw a man staring in the direction of the hospital unblinkingly. 
Even when Sebastian neared him, the man did not seem to take notice of him. 
“You can go inside if you want to. Why are you hiding here?” Sebastian mocked heartlessly after seeing the man’s miserable expression. 
It was then that the man snapped back to his senses. 
As he abruptly turned to look at Sebastian, his face was filled with panic. “When… When did you come over?” 
“Me?” After hearing the man avoiding his previous question, the mocking smile on Sebastian’s face grew wider. “I’ve been here for quite some time now. Why? Do you want me to lead you inside?” 
Upon hearing that, the man was overwhelmed with conflicting emotions. 
However, he shook his head and looked at the hospital gloomily. “It’s fine. I’m going to leave a moment later.” 
Hearing that, Sebastian did not press on. 
Truth be told, he was confused by the man’s attitude. If he were in the latter’s shoes, he would have rushed inside and stopped Sabrina. 
However, the man did not do so.
Perhaps, it was a matter of personality. 
After all, Frederick had doted on Sebastian since he was young, causing him to act as he pleased when he grew up. 
However, the man in front of him was different. He was raised by Jonathan and was long bound by rules and regulations. This caused him to take extra precautions when making decisions. 
Thus, Sebastian did not continue persuading him and headed inside instead. 
“Wait for a moment! Can you pass this to her?” Devin suddenly stopped him. 
When Sebastian turned around, he saw the man getting out of his car with something in hand. 
“This is the key to our family’s old house. Besides that, here is one of my medals. Can you pass this to her when she’s recovered? It’ll be my compensation to her,” he croaked out while handing the things over. 
Sebastian snapped around to look at Devin. Is he nuts to give all of these to her? 
Everyone in Jadeborough knew that the “old house” Devin mentioned had been used as a military compound in the past. Anyone living there would be awarded military status the moment they were born, igniting jealousy from many. 
After all, it was something that money could never buy. 
Yet, he wants to give it all up to her? 
And what’s with this medal? 
When Sebastian’s gaze fell onto the medal, he was immediately reminded of the one his mother held during her last moment. As if he was hit by lightning, he slapped the medal out of Devin’s hand.
“Compensation? Are you crazy? Why would someone like my sister want your compensation?” 
“That’s not it. I know that the Hayes family is well-off, but this is—” Devin tried to explain out of panic. However, Sebastian strutted away without listening to him. 
Devin was rendered speechless, for he did not mean to look down on them. 
He only wanted to protect Sabrina with everything he had. 
After all, the things he offered held more power than money. Otherwise, his grandfather would not have given the house to him. 
Forget it. If Sebastian refuses to pass the items, I can mail them to her. It’s no biggie. With that in mind, he drove off. 
One week later, Sabrina underwent the bone marrow donation procedure after her body recovered from the abortion. 
“Sebby, are we going to bring Sab back home first? Dr. Shoki mentioned that the bone marrow still needed some cultivation before they proceed with Solomon’s bone marrow transplant procedure. Besides, he’s also planning to transfer Solomon to Jetroina for the surgery, so there’s not much for us to do here,” Sasha asked Sebastian when they were back in the hotel after the surgery. 
Haruto, who had treated Solomon back in Jetroina, had come over in the nick of time. In addition to being familiar with Solomon’s condition, he was also an outstanding doctor. 
Therefore, he was in charge of Sabrina’s bone marrow harvesting and Solomon’s final treatment plan. 
At that, Sebastian fully agreed to the doctor’s decision. 
Immediately, the duo arranged for a private plane to bring Sabrina back home.
However, Sabrina rejected that suggestion right away, “I don’t want to go back. I want to go to Drake Island instead.” 
“What did you say? You want to go to Drake Island?” When Sasha heard her, she went wide-eyed with surprise. Drake Island? Isn’t that the place we were left to fend for ourselves? Why does she want to go back there? Is she nuts? 
Sebastian’s expression darkened as well. Whenever Sabrina brought up that place, it always made him feel that she was targeting him. After all, he was the one who sent her there in the first place.
###Chapter 1049
Chapter 1049
“Are you for real?” Sebastian asked in a grim tone. 
“Of course. I’m going there to recuperate. Is there a problem?” Sabrina replied expressionlessly. 
To recuperate? 
Sasha could no longer hold back and reminded, “Wait a moment. That place is in the middle of nowhere! Are you sure you want to go there and rest?” 
“What do you mean? How do you know that it has nothing when you couldn’t even see back then?” 
Sasha was rendered speechless, for she was indeed blind when she was on the island. Therefore, her entire impression of the island was based on her imagination. If that’s the case, what kind of island is it? 
“It isn’t as bad as you imagined it to be. It’s just not that bustling when compared to the cities,” while explaining, Sabrina shot a glance at the man in front of her. 
There was a hint of something else in that glance of hers. 
If it were back then, Sabrina would have been full of spite for Sebastian whenever someone brought up the island. 
However, she had changed a lot since then. In fact, she was grateful to the island for teaching a spoiled lady like her how to survive in an extreme environment. 
When Sasha wanted to convince her not to go, someone walked over while lugging a handful of bags. “Don’t worry, Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, I’ll take good care of Ms. Hayes. Look, I’ve even bought everything she needs.”
That person turned out to be Isaac, and he had brought bags filled with expensive ingredients. 
But what was more terrifying was that he had even prepared pots, pans, daily necessities, and clothing items for women. 
Sasha was shaken by his actions. Well, what else can I say when Isaac is there to take care of her? 
Therefore, Sabrina and Isaac left for Drake Island in a private plane arranged by Sebastian. 
Meanwhile, Solomon was brought to Jetroina by Haruto. 
Since the duo was gone, Sasha and Sebastian prepared to head home. 
“Sebby, what do you think of Isaac? Will you really let Sab marry him?” As Sasha was troubled over that matter, it was the first thing she asked when they got on the plane. 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian furrowed his eyebrows. 
In fact, he did not like Isaac. 
He could tell that Isaac was sheltered, resulting in his timid personality. Thus, it was hard for a person like him to achieve success in life. 
However, he was more inclined to Sabrina marrying an ordinary man than wasting her time on Devin. After all, it did not matter who she married since she did not need to worry about money after marriage. 
Finally, Sebastian nodded. “If she wants to, I’ll agree to it.” 
Sasha was stunned, not knowing what to say to that. So it seems that she and Devin are done for… 
The plane took off shortly after, and Sasha did not say anything else. Perhaps feeling relieved that Solomon’s issue was settled, she nestled into the man’s arms and fell asleep.
“Haha…” Suddenly, she faintly heard Sebastian sneering in her sleep. 
What is he doing? Groggily, she lifted her head and asked him, “What’s the matter?” 
After hearing her, Sebastian kept his phone and caressed her face softly. “It’s nothing. Do you want some water?” 
“Okay.” She nodded while rubbing her eyes sleepily, sitting up straight. 
After that, he stood up and poured water for her. 
Did I perhaps mishear him just now? 
Despite that thought, Sasha was certain that she sensed strong disdain in his laugh. 
Scratching her head, she did not think twice before grabbing his phone. 
As she held the phone to her face, the phone suddenly unlocked itself, shocking her. What the heck? I can unlock his phone with my face? 
A warm feeling spread through her heart, and she started to scroll through his messages. 
In the end, she found out that someone had sent him a text message. 
However, the message was from an unknown sender. There were only two words in the message: Thank you! 
Thank you? Isn’t that a good thing? Why did he laugh so viciously, then? 
Sasha was again at a loss after reading the text. Suddenly, she realized that the number seemed somewhat familiar.
“What are you doing?” 
“N-Nothing much. I was just wondering if our children sent us any messages. They didn’t reach out to me at all for the past few days.” After noticing his arrival, she quickly returned his phone and fumbled for an excuse. 
Although she was allowed to access Sebastian’s phone through face recognition, it was a bad habit to peek at someone’s phone. 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian raised his brows and answered, “Well, it’s normal for them not to contact you.” 
“Why?” 
“The old man is back.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was instantly wide awake after hearing that. Jonathan came to Avenport?
###Chapter 1050
Chapter 1050
Jonathan had been staying at Frontier Bay in Avenport for the past ten days. 
He had wanted to come here previously, but Sebastian wanted to look into the matter concerning the smelting plant and asked him not to come over. Hence, he had no choice but to refrain from making his way here. Now that the couple had gone to Turlen, he finally had a chance to visit his great- grandchildren. 
“Vivian, where shall we go today?” 
It was a lovely sunny morning. After waking up, he saw his great-granddaughter sitting in the hanging garden on the second floor, combing her doll’s hair. 
He then walked over enthusiastically. 
However, Vivian paused in her actions, at a loss for words. 
But we went to Grandpa’s house yesterday. The day before yesterday, we went to Granduncle Jackson’s house. And we paid a visit to the Hayes residence three days ago. Before that, he even took us to all those uncles’ houses. Where else does he want to go? Isn’t he tired? 
Vivian put down the comb before she said, “Great-grandpa, I don’t think it’s appropriate for us to visit those relatives so often.” 
“What?” Jonathan was surprised. He then asked, “Why?” 
“Because it’s impolite. Mommy asked me not to go to other people’s houses so frequently as it would disturb them. And you will not be welcome in the future.” 
Vivian started to chide her great-grandpa.
There was a solemn expression on her chubby face as she did so. Although she was still a kid, she seemed wise beyond her years. 
Jonathan couldn’t help smiling upon hearing her words. 
What a precious little girl! 
“Okay! We won’t go visit relatives today. Let’s do something else.” 
“What?” 
Her bright eyes instantly lit up. 
Jonathan patted his thigh and said, “It’s your call. Wherever you want to go, I’ll go with you. And we can ask your brothers to come with us.” 
“Really? Can we go to the playground then?” 
“Of course!” 
Jonathan agreed without a second thought. 
In an instant, the chubby Vivian jumped for joy. Putting down the doll and comb, she hopped off the chair and sprinted to find her brothers. 
“Matt, Ian, Great-grandpa is taking us to the playground.” 
“Seriously? Are we going to the playground?” 
The twins, who had kept Jonathan company for the past ten days, squealed in delight upon hearing the news, and their voices reverberated throughout the room.
Such was the nature of children. 
Jonathan then went to the playground with his three great-grandchildren. 
Mark couldn’t afford to let his guard down. After learning that they were going out, he tagged along with them. 
When Rufus heard about it, he immediately took a cab and went after them. After all, Jonathan had never gone out alone with the kids before. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson…” 
“Ah! You’re here. Come take a seat!” 
Jonathan was playing with the kids at the playground when he saw Rufus walking over. 
With a calm look on his face, he waved at Rufus, signaling him to sit next to him. 
Rufus was from his son’s generation, and the latter, Shin, used to be Rufus’s commander. 
After Rufus sat down, they started chatting away. 
“The other day, you said that Shin had given you the medal?” 
“Yes…” 
Rufus seemed a bit nervous as he had accidentally brought up the matter when the two were drinking at the Wand residence. 
“Well… How was he when you saw him at that time?”
Jonathan, who had been keeping his eyes on the kids, suddenly narrowed them and threw the question at Rufus. 
The words made Rufus’s body stiffen up. 
For all these years, he had never wanted to recount what he went through at that time because the mere thought of that scene made him feel suffocated. 
Moreover, the guilt had been tormenting him. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, I’m really sorry about that.” 
“I don’t think it has anything to do with you. You just have to tell me his condition at that time.” Jonathan, on the other hand, seemed calm and placid. 
In fact, that was his purpose of coming over here. 
His son’s death had haunted him for years. Yet, he never dared to face the fact, nor did he admit his mistake. 
However, no one knew that he had always wanted to have a look at this place. 
He wanted to know what was so special about this place that his son was willing to give up his prominent family and move here. 
And he was eager to find out what his son’s life was like before it came to an end. 
“At that time, I… We took pictures of those men, who went after Frieda. After that, I went to him with the pictures. Initially, I discussed this with Frederick, and we all agreed that once we found him and let him identify that person, we would give you a call to stop hunting down the mother and son.”
###Chapter 1051
Chapter 1051
“But… when Shin looked at the picture, he fell into a trance, and he ended up getting shot.” 
Rufus was on the verge of crying as he spoke the last word. 
At that time, Shin took the photo and collapsed in front of him before he could even utter a word. 
By the time Rufus snapped out of his daze and rushed to him, Shin was already starting to lose consciousness. 
“After that, he took out the bloodstained medal with his trembling hand. He then told me to give the medal to Frieda so that she could bring it to you. However, we failed to do so in the end… After she learned that Shin was gone, she went crazy before she could give birth to the child.” 
A heavy silence instantly blanketed the previously bustling playground. 
At this very moment, Jonathan was sitting there motionlessly in a daze as if time had stopped for him. All of Rufus’ words escaped his ears except for one particular sentence. 
He then told me to give the medal to Frieda so that she could bring it to you. He kept hearing those words echoing in his mind. 
Why did he do that? Is it because he had never suspected that I would do something to him? 
Tears welled up in Jonathan’s eyes before they streamed down his cheeks. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson.” 
Rufus was shocked by Jonathan’s reaction. 
However, Jonathan waved his hands dismissively, gesturing for Rufus to keep silent.
“I knew that a lot of people wanted to take Shin down due to his impressive performance in the army. It’s just that I never expected to be the one who caused this.” 
“What?” 
Rufus was left dumbfounded, For a moment, he didn’t know what to say. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, what do you mean?” 
“Look at them. They are really having a great time.” With teary eyes, he pointed at the kids who were playing at the playground. 
Rufus looked in the direction of his finger. 
Again, he was taken aback. 
“I was too eager for success in the past. I always thought it would be best if my descendants could be at the pinnacle of power. But it seems that we could be happy too by leading a simple life.” 
“So, do you mean…” 
“It’s good that he stays with the Hayes family.” 
Jonathan finally uttered the last sentence. 
Rufus heaved a sigh. “Whether it’s the Hayeses or the Jadesons, they are all your grandchildren. This place is his home, and so is Jadeborough.” 
“Yeah…” 
Jonathan finally let out a smile.
That night, Jonathan left with his bodyguards before Sebastian and Sasha returned. 
“Mr. Sebastian, Old Mr. Jadeson wants you to focus on Hayes Corporation since Solomon is sick now. As for the smelting plant of the Jadesons, he will ask Mr. Devin to take care of it.” 
“Devin? Isn’t he busy investigating firearms trafficking?” 
Sebastian was puzzled. At the same time, he was displeased with people handling things without informing him beforehand. 
However, Mark refused to disclose other details. 
“Yeah! But Old Mr. Jadeson has stopped him from investigating further. If he solves the case, the Jadesons would be in the spotlight again. Didn’t you mention before that the Jadesons need to keep a low profile? Thus, Old Mr. Jadeson has asked him to stay out of it and spend more time dealing with family matters instead. On top of that, the White House is electing a new leader. As the heir to the Jadesons, he needs to take part in it.” 
Now that things had come to this point, there was nothing much Sebastian could do. 
“Okay! I got it. Just let me know if there is anything else when you go back.” 
“Sure, Mr. Sebastian!” 
Mark grinned and agreed to it without hesitation. 
He was pleased with Sebastian’s attitude although there was a hint of impatience in his tone. In fact, that was the answer that the Jadesons wanted. 
Mark then returned to Jadeborough that same night.
From that day onward, Sebastian was in charge of Hayes Corporation again since Solomon had not returned to the company yet. 
Half a year had passed. 
It was spring, and the three little kids of the Hayes family, who had grown taller, were already in second grade. 
As for Sasha, she had returned to Hayes Corporation to continue managing the investment planning department, and she had been doing a good job at it. 
“Darling, it’s almost time to get off work. Are you going to prepare the meal?” 
“Yes, I’m coming!” 
She received an extension call while working at her desk at noon. 
Sebastian’s deep voice came from the other end of the line, and there was a hint of sadness in his tone. 
Sasha immediately put her work aside and rushed upstairs. 
An hour later, Sasha was having a meal with Sebastian at the private lounge in the penthouse suite. She looked at Sebastian, who was enjoying his food slowly. 
“Oh yeah! When is Sab going to hold her wedding?” 
“What’s the hurry?” he said nonchalantly. 
Sasha put down her fork and answered, “Are you serious? She is pregnant now. If they put off the wedding any longer, the wedding dress might not fit her anymore. Then, her mother-in-law would criticize her again during the wedding dinner.”
She was a little agitated when she spoke. Each time she mentioned that odd woman, she couldn’t help boiling with rage.
###Chapter 1052
Chapter 1052
That was the situation with Sabrina over the past six months. 
Half a year ago, when she went to Drake Island with Isaac, Sasha thought she would be resting and recuperating. No one expected to receive news about her pregnancy again a few months later. 
Pregnant again? The baby must be Isaac’s. 
Despite feeling stunned, Sasha gradually accepted the fact. 
Knowing about the news, the Hayeses started making preparations for their wedding. 
However, no one expected Isaac’s mom, Rosie, who would usually butter up the Hayeses, to badmouth Sabrina these recent months after knowing that Sabrina was pregnant before marriage. Not sure if it was because she heard about Sabrina and Devin or because Isaac went to stay on the island with Sabrina and refused to return. 
Sasha said displeasingly, “It’s not like we are out of their league. What right does she have to nitpick on Sab? Isaac is the one clinging onto Sab, please. But, she’s acting so despicably.” 
“All right, don’t comment on it anymore. I’ll call the Sheerwood family later.” 
Sebastian who was eating could not stand her nagging anymore. He promised her to make a phone call in the afternoon as he didn’t want her to worry too much about this matter. 
She gets herself involved in everything. Isn’t she busy enough? 
The first thing Sebastian did when we got to work in the afternoon was to call the Sheerwoods. 
“Hello, I’m Sebastian.” 
“H-Hello, Mr. H-Hayes.”
Seamus was wary of Hayes Corporation. He stood up immediately from shock when he received the call from the President of Hayes Corporation, Sebastian. 
Sebastian went straight to the point as he asked, “What plans do your family have regarding your son and my sister? She is now pregnant. What do you suggest?” 
“Right… W-We…” Seamus stuttered while answering. 
Listening to the way he responded, Sebastian’s expression darkened, but that was not the worst. 
What happened next irked him more when Rosie answered the call, “Mr. Hayes, I’m Isaac’s mom. The main thing we are facing is that the new house for their wedding is still under renovation. It still requires a few more months.” 
Sebastian was speechless at her response. 
Few more months? Does she intend to wait till Sabrina gives birth to the baby? 
Sebastian lost all his patience. 
“There’s no need for any renovation. Is it enough if I let you choose one of the villas in Royal View Bay for them?” 
“Ah?” Rosie’s eyes shone with greed. 
Royal View Bay has the best villas in Summerbank. The houses there are worth tens of millions. Moreover, there are renovated and fully furnished. 
She relented, “That’s more than enough. Thank you, Mr. Hayes. I’ll make the arrangements right now.” 
Once hanging up the phone, she went to make the arrangements immediately.
Looking at Rosie’s actions, Seamus couldn’t help but complain, “Aren’t you too much? His sister is the one getting married, and you blatantly asked for a house? Don’t you feel that your action is disgraceful?” 
“Me? Disgraceful? His sister is pregnant before marriage and marrying into our family. If he does not feel ashamed, why should I? I wouldn’t feel ashamed taking anything from the Hayeses,” Rosie snapped and left. 
Seamus was rendered speechless by her attitude. 
At the same time, in Hayes Corporation, after hearing Sebastian calling the Sheerwoods personally, Sasha felt excited too. 
“Have they agreed? Should I call Sab? Eh, no. She is pregnant now. I need to go to the island myself and accompany her home” 
She wanted to start planning the schedule as soon as she finished speaking. 
Sebastian was amused. “Are you really that free? Isaac is taking good care of her on that desolated island. He would send her back if she’s coming back. You don’t need to go personally.” 
“But…” 
“All right, if you really need to keep yourself busy, make reservations for the hotel. There are also things needed for the wedding. You can go…” 
Initially, Sebastian wanted Sasha to make preparations for the wedding ceremony. After all, after Frederick passed away, she was the lady of the house.
However, halfway speaking, he suddenly realized that she had not done this before. Not only hadn’t she done so, but she also did not attend her own wedding. 
That year, because he was unwilling, their wedding ceremony was just a simple dinner among the Hayeses and the Wands, some relatives and friends. 
“Yes? What else is there to do?” 
Sasha had no idea what was going on in his mind. She urged him when he stopped speaking. 
Sebastian moved his gaze away as guilt flashed past his eyes. 
Looking at the computer screen, he said, “Nothing. You can be in charge of making the hotel reservations and communicating with the Sheerwood family. I’ll handle the rest.”
###Chapter 1053
Chapter 1053
“What?” Sasha widened her eyes. 
Will he be handling the rest? He has so many things to do in the company, and he wants to make the wedding preparations himself? Did I hear it correctly? 
Sasha found it unbelievable. 
Looking at his serious expression, she left with her two tasks. 
Sebastian asked Luke to enter the office once she stepped out. 
“What do I need to do to make wedding arrangements?” 
“Huh?” Luke was stunned. “Mr. Hayes, are you going to make the arrangements for the wedding ceremony between Ms. Hayes and the Sheerwood family? You can just hire a wedding planner.” 
“A wedding planner? Why do I need to let them plan?” 
“What?” 
“What do you mean what? Find out about the process, especially everything related to the bride. Make detailed inquiries, then let me know what to do.” 
Luke thought he had gotten crazy when Sebastian looked at him with a darkened expression when mentioning that he wanted to be involved in preparing for the wedding ceremony. 
Am I hallucinating? Does Mr. Hayes want to handle Ms. Hayes’ wedding arrangements personally? This sounds unbelievable. Is their relationship so close now? 
Luke still felt as if he was dreaming while walking out.
Two days later, he handed in information about the wedding process for the bride. When the first step stated that a wedding ring was required, Sebastian asked, “Where is my blue diamond?” 
“Huh?” 
Luke was blank when he was cut off. “Blue diamond… Mr. Hayes, didn’t you put it in the Bank of Sumanthova?” 
Sebastian nodded. “Retrieve it, have it cut, and send it to W&D for a custom-made pair of wedding rings.” 
Luke was baffled. 
Damn! What did he just say? 
That blue diamond is at least twenty carats, and he wants it cut to make two rings? Moreover, the man’s ring wouldn’t need a diamond. That means the whole diamond will be for the woman’s ring. Isn’t it a waste? 
How can a woman’s finger fit such a big “stone?” 
On top of that, isn’t W&D the jewelry brand founded by Mr. and Mrs. Hayes? 
Does he really want to cut such priceless treasure? 
Can’t he just get the rings at a renowned jewelry store? 
Even a small cut of the stone would be worth millions! 
Luke felt like he was going crazy. 
However, it didn’t bother Sebastian at all.
After giving instructions on the design of the ring, he listened to Luke’s explanation of the wedding arrangements. He remembered the details clearly and took this matter seriously. 
On the other hand, Sasha was making arrangements for the wedding ceremony she was in charge of. 
“Mrs. Sheerwood, since we are holding the wedding ceremony, should I arrange for both of them to get their marriage certificate at the civil affairs office?” 
“Well, we can discuss this when they are back.” 
Rosie’s attitude remained the same when talking to Sasha. 
Sasha felt very annoyed. 
Sabrina and Isaac have not gotten their marriage certificate as they have been on Drake Island all this while. Since they will be holding their wedding ceremony, they must get their wedding certificate first. 
Sasha inhaled a deep breath to suppress her anger. 
“That works too. They need to be back to get their marriage certificate. When they are back, get Isaac to bring his household register over.” 
“Why should I get Isaac to bring his household register to you? Mrs. Hayes will be marrying into the Sheerwood family. So, why does he need to go to your place to get the marriage certificate?” 
When Rosie heard Sasha’s suggestion, she made a ruckus through the phone. 
Sasha could take it no more and explode in anger. 
“Mrs. Sheerwood, this is only to gain the marriage certificate. It’s not for him to put his household register with us. I was just considering that since Sab is married, it would be tiring for her to move
around.” 
“How is it hard? If you’re worried, she could stay in the Sheerwood residence.” 
“You-” Sasha almost cursed. 
Fortunately, Wendy was by her side. Seeing that she almost lost control of her anger, she immediately comforted her. 
“Mrs. Hayes, ignore this sort of people. Just put up with it, as long as we could carry out Ms. Hayes’ wedding smoothly.” 
Sasha took in another deep breath to suppress her pent-up emotions. 
In the end, she agreed to have Sabrina and Isaac stay at the Sheerwood residence. Then, she would bring Sabrina’s household register over for them to get their marriage certificate at Summerbank. 
Only then did Rosie feel satisfied and hang the phone. 
Sasha felt extremely aggrieved having to give in. 
She texted Sabrina: Sab, I’m sorry. When both of you are back, you may need to head straight to the Sheerwood residence. But, don’t worry, I’ll go over as soon as you arrive. 
When she sent the message, she worried that Sabrina would be angry and unwilling to go. 
Hence, she added the last sentence to tell her that she would be there too.
###Chapter 1054
Chapter 1054
She was surprised that Sabrina sounded calm when she replied: Don’t worry. You wouldn’t need to go over. 
Sasha quickly responded: What do you mean? How can I not go? Don’t worry. Send me a message before you board the plane and I will depart from Avenport. 
However, Sabrina did not reply her message. 
Although Sasha felt slightly disappointed, she did not dwell on this as she was too occupied. 
What she didn’t know was, Sabrina was holding a wrench and hitting a spoiled motorcycle on that desolated island. 
“Sabrina, what are you doing? Don’t you know that you are pregnant?” 
Isaac had just come back from buying vegetables when he saw Sabrina’s actions which frightened him out of his wits. He immediately threw the basket aside, ran to her, and snatched the wrench from her hand. 
Sabrina looked at him in displeasure and walked away. 
She looked fatter now. Looking from the back, her swelled-up waist made her look less sexy compared to before. 
However, she dressed up very well. 
She wore a loose long shirt and black knee-high socks with wide stripes at the side, exposing a small part of her fair thigh. One wouldn’t notice that she was pregnant from the back. 
Isaac noticed her foul mood and rushed in hurriedly after her.
“I’m not scolding you. I’m just worried that you might hurt yourself. That was steel you were hitting. What if you accidentally hit yourself?” 
“All right. Go and cook quickly.” Hearing him babbling, Sabrina couldn’t take it anymore and urge. 
Then, she took some fruits from the coffee table and sat on the couch in the living room. 
Seeing that, Isaac felt relieved and took the vegetables into the kitchen. 
About forty minutes later, they sat at the dining table to eat when the food was ready. 
“My mum called and asked if we want to get married? Sabrina, we…” 
“It’s up to you. We can get married if you like but don’t have to if you don’t feel like it.” 
In fact, Sabrina’s family members contacted her more these few days. 
However, when she heard him mention this, her tone was indifferent, and she left the decision to him. 
Isaac was speechless and his eyes turned grim. 
He wouldn’t deny that he felt disappointed to hear her answer. 
However, when he looked at her baby bump, all the unhappy emotions faded away, and he smiled. 
“Of course, I want to marry you. I’ve dreamed about marrying you my whole life. What about we go back tomorrow? My dad said that he would start arranging our wedding once we returned. We could also prepare to give birth in Summerbank.” 
He envisioned having a blissful family and living a happy life in the future. 
Sabrina stopped eating her spaghetti and raised her head to look at Isaac.
Staying on the island for the past six months wasn’t easy. She was in a bad mood when she just arrived; hence, she refused to hire a housemaid or receive anything including money. 
As a result, Isaac had a hard time for the first few months. 
Not only did he need to care for her, but he would also need to get a job on the island to earn money to feed both of them. 
As time passed, her mood improved but she realized that Isaac’s frail and delicate vibe was long gone. Instead, he looked not much different from a farmer on the island. 
At this moment, he still couldn’t transform back to how he was like when he left the Sheerwood family. 
Sabrina looked away. After a while, she nodded. “Okay.” 
That word gave them a perfect ending. 
Isaac was very excited that night. While packing both of their belongings, he hummed his favorite song. 
Sabrina heard it from upstairs. She opened a drawer and took out a folder, then opened it. 
That was a property deed for a military residence in Jadeborough. 
Military residence… 
She sneered. 
She curved her lips and threw the document on a table. Then, she shook it and a heavy bright red metal that shone even in the dark fell into her palm. 
That was a medal.
She lowered her head to look at it. Although that wasn’t her first time seeing and feeling it, her fingers trembled yet again. 
The feeling of a bright red and cold metal. 
She didn’t think that she would be holding it in her hand again one day. 
I’ve heard that a medal is a soldier’s highest honor. It is something more important than their life. Back then, Frieda did the same as she held the medal that honored her husband Shin. 
What did he mean when he gave me this? Was it to tell me how important I was to him that he even gave me something more important than his life? Haha… 
She sneered even more. 
Then, she stopped looking at it and put it back in the folder together with the property deed. After sealing it, she wrote the recipient details on it. 
To: Jonathan 
Address: xxx street, Oceanic Estate, Jadeborough.
###Chapter 1055
Chapter 1055
Both Sabrina and Isaac returned to Summerbank. 
However, Sabrina didn’t inform Sasha about it to save her the trouble. Instead, she followed the man back to the Sheerwood residence. 
“Mom, Dad, we’re back!” Isaac exclaimed in great joy upon seeing his parents, who were waiting for him at the door, as soon as they arrived home and stepped out of the car. 
Naturally, Sabrina came out of the car as well. 
In no time, she discovered something about the couple standing at the door. Isaac’s father was rather amiable, for he instantly came over and helped to carry their things. 
His mother, however, didn’t even spare her a single glance. With a rather long face, she snorted before whirling around and leaving with the housemaid behind her. 
Sabrina was truly stumped. 
Seeing that, Isaac murmured, “I’m sorry, Sabrina. My mother… Well, she’s still angry at me for having been away from home for such a long time. Please don’t take offense at her. Here, let me help you with your bag.” 
While making excuses for his mother, he thoughtfully took the bag from Sabrina’s hand and led her into the house. 
Truth be told, Sabrina wasn’t the slightest bit offended by the attitude of that future mother-in-law of hers. In fact, she couldn’t even be bothered about the woman. To her, the latter’s existence didn’t matter at all. 
Therefore, Isaac’s worry was rather superfluous.
However, it was glaringly obvious that the man was exceedingly worried about her relationship with his mother, Rosie Hall. When he spotted Rosie looking hostile in the living room after they entered the house, he hurried over to his mother. 
“Mom-” 
“Stop calling me so intimately! I thought you didn’t want me or this family anymore since you were so reluctant to come home!” 
Sure enough, the middle-aged woman plopped down onto the couch and crossed her legs the moment she saw her son heading over, tearing into him at the top of her lungs in front of everyone. 
When her words rang out, Isaac, who had gone over to ease the atmosphere, instantly tensed. 
Quickly stealing a glance at Sabrina who was standing behind him, he hastily explained, “Of course not! Sabrina is pregnant and I’ve got to take care of her. That’s why I didn’t come home previously.” 
“Hah!” Unexpectedly, Rosie’s attitude became even worse upon hearing that. “Who knows whether the baby is yours?” 
“Mom!” 
“That’s enough, Rosie! What nonsense are you spouting? Are you looking for trouble?” 
At the side, Seamus finally couldn’t take it anymore. He glared at his wife and reproached her. 
Only then did Rosie finally zip her mouth huffily. 
Throughout the incident, Sabrina merely watched coldly at the side. Her emotions were not the least bit affected.
“Don’t take offense at her, Sabrina. She just has an inherently sharp tongue. You must be tired after spending so much time on the plane and in the car. How about we let Isaac help you upstairs to rest for a bit first?” 
Seamus personally went over to console Sabrina after having chastised his wife. 
At that, Sabrina’s eyes glinted. 
It was then that she swept a placid gaze over that future father-in-law of hers. 
“Sure,” she murmured apathetically. 
When Rosie saw her indifferent attitude from the couch, she couldn’t help growing livid once again. 
But by then, her son, Isaac, was already helping Sabrina up the stairs as though she was a priceless treasure. 
“What an ungrateful wretch!” the middle-aged woman could only lambast hotly upon seeing that. 
Isaac helped Sabrina upstairs. As soon as they entered the room, he frantically explained, “Sabrina, earlier, my mother… Don’t be angry, okay? It’s just that she… She heard about the incident in Yaleview from somewhere or someone, so-” 
“It’s okay,” Sabrina interrupted mildly. 
Her expression right then was very calm. She behaved so indifferently as though everything that happened downstairs had nothing to do with her. 
At her words, Isaac’s heart that had been lodged in his throat finally settled back into his chest. 
But a moment later, his jubilation cooled at the sight of her calm and unruffled expression.
“Great. I’m glad you’re not offended. I’ll go and get you some food, then.” In the end, Isaac went out and prepared some food for her. 
Ever since then, Sabrina stayed at the Sheerwood residence. 
Alas, life was destined to be unpleasant for her there. Not only was she not welcomed when she first went over, but Rosie also kept giving her attitude all the time. 
It had been agreed that the couple would register their marriage after the move, but Rosie didn’t mention a single word even after Sabrina had stayed there for several days. 
“Say, do you think she’s dumb or something? It’s been several days now and Mrs. Sheerwood hasn’t said anything about them registering their marriage, yet she didn’t even bother asking.” 
“What’s the point of asking? It’s already benevolent of the Sheerwoods to accept her when she has been with another man before and even got pregnant out of wedlock. How would she dare rush things?” 
“But she’s the daughter of the Hayes family.” 
“So what? Do you think she’s still all that precious when her reputation is now utterly tarnished?” 
When Sabrina went downstairs with her pregnant belly that morning wanting to stroll around the garden, she suddenly heard the housemaids gossiping about her. 
Reputation? I’ve never cared about the Sheerwoods’ attitudes toward me. 
Whether it was the mistress of the house or the housemaids mocking her, she turned a deaf ear to them all. 
But now they’re dragging my family into this and saying that I’ve tarnished my family’s reputation?
###Chapter 1056
Chapter 1056
Sabrina wouldn’t merely ignore the derisive comments anymore. 
“What did you all say earlier? Repeat it once more!” 
Coming out of the villa, she didn’t head to the garden but stood on the steps. With her arms crossed, she looked down at the housemaids coldly. 
The housemaids were just gossiping happily when they suddenly heard that frosty voice. At once, all of their expressions changed. 
“M-Ms. Hayes… We didn’t say anything at all. We’re just doing stuff… We’re working…” 
“Yes, really… We didn’t say anything.” 
They immediately denied having badmouthed her earlier. 
Upon seeing that, Sabrina sneered coldly. “I hope so. Otherwise, you’ll all regret having a mouth!” 
After saying that, she spun around and strode away. 
In truth, that threat of hers was considered gentle. In these past six months, her violent temper had toned down considerably, perhaps because she was nurturing a life within her. 
In the past, she would have long since beat up the housemaids. 
This time around, she decided to give them another opportunity. 
But never did she expect the group of people behind her to actually start whispering about her again right after her back was turned. 
“Look at how arrogant she was when she came over to threaten us!”
“She did such a shameful thing, yet she doesn’t allow others to speak of it. I wonder if the Hayeses are simply that kind of people. I heard that her father also messed around in the past.” 
“Really?” 
Following that, something flew out from the floor-to-ceiling windows of the villa toward the housemaid who started the second round of gossip. 
Thud! The hit the woman squarely in the face. 
In a flash, blood spurted everywhere. 
And in the blink of an eye, the housemaid collapsed onto the ground without even making a sound or twitching a muscle. 
“Ahh!” 
When the other housemaids saw that, they covered their mouths and shrieked. At once, chaos reigned in the garden. 
Rosie happened to have returned home right at that moment. As soon as she saw the commotion, she instantly went over with her personal housemaid. 
She was beyond surprised when she was greeted by an extremely bloody scene—a housemaid had been struck by an ashtray! 
Oh, my! How did this happen? 
The housemaid’s face was hit with so great a force that her mouth had a gash and the bridge of her nose dented. On the whole, her entire face was a bloody mess and it looked extremely horrifying. 
“Who was it? Who on earth did this?” Rosie demanded in shock and outrage.
However, no one answered her, for all the housemaids were in shock. With their hands over their mouths, they gaped at the person who had been struck without warning with terror written all over their faces. Their minds had gone blank. 
Silence persisted until one of the housemaids glanced at the window of the villa not far away. 
“Ahh!” she cried out before she abruptly stumbled back a few steps from terror. 
The others followed her gaze and looked over, only to shudder at the sight of a person standing by the window. 
A chill ran down their spines at once. 
The person stood there without saying a single word. Her gaze and expression seemed exceedingly cold and menacing; she looked just like a demon. 
Good heavens! This is simply too terrifying! 
Even Rosie shivered on the spot. 
Sabrina Hayes? So it’s the vixen who did this? 
Rage engulfed her, and she blew her top. “What are you doing, Sabrina Hayes? Do you think you’re above the law now? How dare you assault my staff?” 
Sabrina’s face was devoid of emotion as she stood before the window. “As I said, I’ll make you all regret having a mouth if you mention the Hayes family again.” 
“What are you talking about?”
Her remark came from out in the left field. It was so baffling that Rosie didn’t get it since she was not around just now. 
The few housemaids, however, reflexively backed off a few steps after hearing that. They still had not overcome their initial shock. 
None of them took Sabrina seriously when she made her remark earlier. Now, they knew she was not joking. 
Meanwhile, Rosie was still bellowing, “What are you talking about? You had better explain yourself! How could you simply rough someone up so badly for no apparent reason? Is this how the Hayes family educated you?” 
“The Hayes family?” Sabrina’s gaze turned all the more glacial when she heard that phrase once more. “Let me warn you and everyone else in this house. I don’t mind if you speak ill of me, but if I were to hear a single negative remark about the Hayes family, you’d be paying with your life!” 
At long last, she behaved like the daughter of the Hayes family. 
Her sharp gaze coupled with her dangerous and violent vibe petrified everyone present. 
Rosie finally dared not say anything further but merely watched as Sabrina went upstairs. She was so infuriated that her entire face was burning red. She could not wait to rip Sabrina to shreds. 
“Mrs. Sheerwood, why would Mr. Isaac bring such a woman home? How dare she speak to you in such an insolent manner!” Cleo Campbell, Rosie’s personal housemaid who was following behind her, instantly grumbled in anger when Sabrina had gone upstairs.
###Chapter 1057
Chapter 1057
Emboldened, the other housemaids echoed Cleo’s sentiments. 
However, Sabrina’s gaze earlier was indeed so scary that made everyone zip their mouths after casting a glance on the ground at the injured housemaid. 
Meanwhile, Rosie was silent for a long moment. 
More than ten seconds passed before the middle-aged woman—whose face contorted with fury— finally hissed through gritted teeth, “I’ll never allow her to marry into the Sheerwood family!” 
Then, she stormed off in a fit of pique. 
That afternoon, Isaac, who had gone out to make preparations for the wedding banquet, came home. 
Right after he heard about the incident upon his return, he hastily sprinted upstairs in search of Sabrina with no time to bother about his mother, who was complaining to him tearfully. 
“Are you okay, Sabrina? I heard that you got into an altercation with the maids this morning. Did they hurt you anywhere?” 
Hmm? He’s actually not reprimanding me right away for wreaking havoc in his family home but is concerned about whether I’m hurt instead? 
At that moment, Sabrina had her phone in hand and was chatting with Sasha. When she heard him asking such a question after barging in, Sabrina placed her phone down. 
“No.” 
“Phew! I’m glad to hear that!” 
Sure enough, the man promptly patted himself on the chest and let out a sigh of relief.
“Let me tell you something. Next time, don’t personally make a move when such a thing happens. Wait for me to come home and tell me. I’ll teach them a lesson on your behalf. You’re with child now; it won’t do you any good if you get hurt.” 
After pouring himself a glass of water and guzzling it down in one go, he couldn’t help but start telling her to mind her safety. 
Throughout it all, Sabrina listened to him silently. 
When the man was about to sit down a long while later, she picked up the jug on the table and refilled his empty glass. 
Startled, Isaac was rendered speechless for a long time. 
He merely stared at her in a daze, unsure of what to do. 
This is the first time she has ever poured me water! No, no. Let me rephrase: this is the first time she has ever taken the initiative to do something for me! 
“S-Sabrina…” 
“When are we going to register our marriage? I’ve already asked Sasha to mail my personal documents over; they should be arriving tomorrow,” Sabrina inquired placidly after putting the jug down. 
Huh? 
Isaac was so worked up that he almost shot to his feet in excitement. 
“Y-You’re willing to marry me? That’s wonderful! We’ll go and register right away after your documents are delivered!” 
“Okay.”
Sabrina nodded in acquiescence. 
In actual fact, it wasn’t the Sheerwood family that forbade them from registering their marriage. Instead, the delay was caused by Sabrina lacking the correct documents for the registration. 
And what was the reason for the delay? Probably Sabrina herself knew best. 
On the other hand, at Frontier Bay in Avenport, Sasha had mixed feelings when she finally mailed out the said documents. 
“Sebby, say, why didn’t Sab want me to personally bring her household register? Also, why didn’t she notify me when she has already come back?” 
Sasha purposely went to look for Sebastian in his office to discuss that matter. 
Sebastian was busy with work then, so he didn’t even raise his head upon hearing that question of hers. “She’s not a kid; why would she come to you for everything?” 
“But she doesn’t have any experience in this matter, does she?” 
“Haha, so you have experience, then?” 
The man finally lifted his eyes and peered at her. 
Sasha was left without a retort. 
I… indeed don’t have experience, either. Back when I married him, I was only eighteen years old and knew nothing. It was Frederick who handled everything. I only made a trip to the civil affairs office when registering our marriage. But even so, my wedding photo… 
All of a sudden, she recalled her photoshopped wedding photo. Immediately, an inexplicable sense of disgruntlement rose within her.
“Come here.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was stunned for a moment as she eyed the man who had suddenly put aside his work and beckoned at her to go over to him. 
Go over to him? What for? 
Still, she went over. 
“What is it?” 
“Come over here.” 
To her surprise, the man actually wanted her to walk past his desk since he was pointing right at where he was sitting. 
With that, Sasha grew all the more perplexed. 
Nevertheless, she obliged and walked right in front of him. 
Suddenly, Sebastian’s massive hand wrapped around her slender waist and pulled her into his lap. 
“Ahh!” 
Frightened, her eyes abruptly grew as wide as saucers. 
“W-What are you doing? This is your office and someone might come in!” 
“So what? You’re my wife. It’s not against the law for me to hug you, is it?”
The man turned out to feel nary an ounce of embarrassment. As he hugged her brazenly, she felt his sexy, masculine vibe, which made her face flush bright red and her heart pound wildly. 
Ugh! It’s not against the law but it’s so embarrassing! 
Sasha could only cover her blushing face. Then, she glowered at him in disapproval. “What exactly do you want?” 
In response, the man arched an eyebrow. “Nothing much. I just suddenly remembered when I said you have no experience that I don’t, either. How about we do it as well?” 
“Huh?” 
That remark was too sudden; Sasha did not understand what he was trying to say at first. 
“Do it? What… does that mean?” 
“Get married, of course.” Sebastian looked into her eyes. “I’ve never gotten married, so how about you do it with me again, Darling?” 
Sasha was instantly struck dumb. At that moment, it felt as though the air had stopped moving as well.
###Chapter 1058
Chapter 1058
Time had also seemingly come to a standstill. 
At that very moment, Sasha and Sebastian gazed at each other in very close proximity. 
Other than the hammering of their heartbeats in their chests, they were unable to hear anything else. 
He said… he’s never gotten married and even asked whether I’d do it with him? Actually, that sounds rather absurd since we do have a marriage certificate. Besides, our three children are already in second grade and will soon advance to third grade. 
But then, it does make sense. After all, Frederick used his photo to create a photoshopped picture of us. Furthermore, he wasn’t there for the wedding and was only forced to be there after the wedding ended. We even consummated the marriage only because he had been drugged. As such, it’s indeed true that he has never married. 
“What say you, Darling?” 
Sasha said nothing. 
For a very long time, she looked at the man who was gazing at her with yearning and wariness in his eyes. At long last, a glimmer of mirth flashed in her now-teary eyes. 
“Sure. However, you’re not allowed to abandon me during the wedding again.” 
“Never again. Even if my life is under threat, I’ll never again abandon-” 
At that moment, all sounds vanished. 
The last few words of his sentence never came out. By then, her soft and rosy lips had taken over and a deeply passionate kiss ensued.
In all honesty, Sasha didn’t like hearing that. 
Happiness hadn’t come easy for them, so she didn’t want to hear anything negative. She only wanted to hear his promise that he would never abandon her again. That would be more than enough for her. 
At the same time, at the Sheerwood residence in Summerbank, Sabrina snagged a nightgown and went into the bathroom after Isaac had again gone out to customize a wedding gown for her. 
She was not a stranger to seeing blood. She had never been a rule-abiding lady, so she was used to fighting and brawling. As such, hitting someone was a paltry matter. 
But now that she was pregnant, she felt a tad uncomfortable—she couldn’t shake off the stench of blood. 
Removing her clothes, she then turned on the shower. 
Creak… 
Without warning, someone silently pushed open the door from outside. A moment later, a petite figure dressed in a Sheerwood housemaid uniform poked her head into the room. 
“Ms. Hayes? Ms. Hayes?” she called out softly as she darted her eyes around. 
However, Sabrina didn’t hear her because she was showering at the moment. 
At the lack of a response, the housemaid sneaked into the room. After glancing around the room in a shifty manner, she geared up to rummage through the drawers in search of the household register. 
The truth was that she was there to steal the household register. 
After Isaac learned that his mother didn’t want them to register their marriage, he got the household register from his father in advance.
Meanwhile, this housemaid was instructed to steal the household register on Rosie’s orders. 
The housemaid was about to open the drawer when Sabrina suddenly turned off the shower at that exact moment. 
Upon hearing that, the housemaid was scared out of her wits and hurriedly looked for a place to hide. After doing so, she stared in the direction of the bathroom intently. 
Fortunately, Sabrina did not come out. Perhaps she was washing her hair or something, for the shower turned on once more after a while. Then, the glass door separating the shower from the rest of the washroom was pulled open by a fraction. 
“Where did he put the towel?” she grumbled. 
In the next moment, a fair arm with water droplets on it stretched out from inside the shower area. 
The housemaid covered her mouth with both hands, terrified that she would be discovered after making the slightest sound. Truly, Sabrina was too petrifying. The scene that morning really frightened all the housemaids. 
The towel happened to be right by the sink. 
The housemaid then saw Sabrina’s hand grabbing the towel and swiftly taking it in. At the same time, she caught a quick glimpse of Sabrina’s large baby bump. 
The housemaid finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
Just as she was about to crawl out of her hiding place, a light bulb went off in her head all of a sudden. As realization abruptly dawned, her eyes went wide and she promptly swung her gaze toward the bathroom again.
Isn’t she just four months pregnant? Why is her belly so big? 
That night, Sabrina’s appetite was pretty good, perhaps because she had finally made a choice and had one fewer thing to worry about. 
Isaac was thrilled to see that she finished the soup he made. “Wow, you finished it! This is more like it. The baby is in its growing stages now, so you’ve got to eat more to have a healthy baby.” 
He sounded as though he had been a father before. 
Putting down the bowl, Sabrina got up and walked a few steps away in slight embarrassment. 
“Has your mother agreed to us registering our marriage?” 
“Yup! Don’t worry, for even the venue of our wedding banquet has been reserved. After registering our marriage at the civil affairs office tomorrow, let’s go and do wedding gown fitting if you’re not tired, okay?” 
“Wedding gown?” 
Sabrina’s gaze stilled for a moment. 
Isaac then nodded in affirmation. “Yup. Although you’re now with child, I still hope that you’ll be stunningly beautiful during the wedding. I went to the bridal shop today and made some inquires. They have many styles that can conceal a baby bump, and all of them are exquisite!” 
Afraid that she would decline, he deliberately whipped out his phone and showed her the photos he snapped at the bridal shop in the morning.
###Chapter 1059
Chapter 1059
Those wedding gowns were indeed quite gorgeous. They all came with an empire waist that flared out at the lower body. It was the perfect design to hide her baby bump. 
Sabrina’s gaze turned all the more tender. “Okay, sure.” 
Isaac was all the more delighted. 
Immediately, he contacted the owner of the bridal shop despite the late hour before he went about doing other things. 
In the master bedroom on the second floor of the villa, Rosie was gnashing her teeth while discussing Sabrina’s pregnancy with Cleo. 
“Mrs. Sheerwood, I saw it clearly this afternoon. Her belly is really big; it definitely doesn’t seem as though she’s only four months pregnant!” 
Cleo gestured as she asserted again. 
Upon hearing that, the wrath on Rosie’s face intensified. 
.She had actually never paid much attention to the pregnancy of that future daughter-in-law of hers because it was her son who first told her of the news 
He told her that he had impregnated Sabrina and the pregnancy was just a little over a month then. 
At that time, she wanted to go to the island to take a look at things, but he persuaded her otherwise, claiming she would be unaccustomed to the environment there since facilities on the island were pretty primitive.
Besides, he also claimed that Sabrina’s temper was rather volatile due to the pregnancy. As such, he was afraid that there would be a conflict if she went over. 
Thinking back, she had never truly looked at Sabrina’s pregnant belly to this very day. And since she moved in, Sabrina had always been wearing loose, black clothes. 
It had been several days, yet Rosie had truly never noticed her belly. 
So, how many months along is she exactly? Argh! How I wish I could rush upstairs and strip off that vixen’s clothes to take a good look at her pregnant belly! 
“Mrs. Sheerwood?” 
“All right, I got it. We’ll talk about it further after they leave tomorrow.” 
That was the final utterance Rosie spat out with her face contorted in a mask of rage. 
Tomorrow… Yes, tomorrow is the day Sabrina and Isaac will register their marriage! 
The next morning, Sabrina was awakened by Isaac. 
When he woke up from his sleep on the couch, he couldn’t curb his excitement. He first went downstairs to the kitchen and prepared breakfast before heading to the bathroom to get the toothpaste as well as hot water ready. 
Only after he had done all that did he gingerly go over to the bed and softly call out to the woman. 
“Sabrina? Have you had enough sleep? It’s time to wake up.” 
“Hmm?” 
Sabrina groggily murmured in bed before she opened her eyes.
Seeing that, Isaac immediately explained, “Uh… It’s already eight o’clock. It’s time to get out of bed since we have an appointment at the civil affairs office.” 
Truly, he was doing his best to ingratiate himself to her. 
It wasn’t until then that Sabrina remembered the agreed-upon matter last night. She then lay on the bed for a while longer and stared blankly at the ceiling before finally getting out of bed. 
Half an hour later, the two of them went downstairs. 
“You’re here, Isaac? The two of you are going to register your marriage today, right? Do you need me to drive you there?” 
Seamus was quite amiable. Today he waited at home for the couple instead of going to work since they were going to register their marriage. 
At the sight of that, irritation swamped Rosie, who was beside him. 
Fortunately, Isaac declined after casting a glance at Sabrina next to him. 
“No, it’s okay. We’ll be coming home straight after registering our marriage. Dad, please prepare a meal at home and wait for us to come back.” 
“That works, too.” 
Subsequently, Sabrina and Isaac headed to the civil affairs office. 
A few minutes later, when only Rosie was left in the living room, Cleo furtively walked over. 
“Mrs. Sheerwood, rest assured that everything has been arranged.” 
“Great.”
As Rosie sat there, a satisfied smile finally bloomed on her face. Yet, her eyes still looked exceedingly vicious. 
Sabrina Hayes, you want to marry into the Sheerwood family? In your dreams, you shameless b*tch! 
Sabrina and Isaac finally arrived at the civil affairs office right at nine o’clock. 
They were supposed to go straight in but when Sabrina suddenly caught sight of the words “civil affairs office” above the office building after getting out of the car, she froze. 
“Are you tired? In that case, why don’t you go and take a rest in the lobby over there? I’ll go and ask about the procedures.” 
Isaac keenly discovered that something was off with her. 
Nonetheless, he didn’t expose her but considerately asked whether she was exhausted. 
Sabrina lowered her eyes. 
A brief moment later, she inhaled deeply and reverted to her usual demeanor. “No, I’m fine. It’s already time, so let’s go in.” 
She then took the initiative to drag him into the building. 
Isaac was momentarily stupefied. 
When he snapped back to his senses, an unbridled sense of euphoria promptly surged within him. He was so thrilled that he nodded fervently before entering with her. 
The process of registering a marriage was actually not all complicated. After both the man and woman arrived, they were to fill in a form and submit their household registers as well as identification cards.
That was the gist of it. 
But that day, after the two of them had taken their seats, the person registering their marriage suddenly cast a glance at Sabrina. 
“Are you both going to be parents soon? In that case, would you like to also apply for a birth permit as well?” 
“Huh?” 
Isaac and Sabrina were in the midst of filling out a form. They were stunned by the officer’s question. 
We’re just planning to get married. How would we know what other things we need to apply for? We’re total amateurs, okay? 
The officer likely perceived their ignorance upon seeing their baffled expressions; she chuckled. 
“You don’t know what a birth permit is, do you? It’s a document that you’ll need when your baby is born. The hospital will issue you a birth certificate only if you have that. The birth can then be recorded in the household register.”
###Chapter 1060
Chapter 1060
“Oh? I see.” Isaac finally understood what a birth permit was. He immediately nodded. “Sure, sure. Please apply one for us as well.” 
Likewise, Sabrina gave her consent. 
After all, her child needed this. 
Seeing that they both agreed, the officer picked up the phone on her desk. “Hello, is this the Director of the Office of Population Affairs? Please come over for a while. Someone here wants to apply for a birth permit.” 
Huh? 
Isaac and Sabrina were again mystified as they watched her series of actions. 
Fortunately, the officer briefly explained things to them once more after hanging up the phone. 
“A premarital checkup is necessary when you apply for a birth permit. Of course, that’s only formality. Later, just go with the Director of the Office of Population Affairs and fill in a form.” 
Those words were mainly directed at Sabrina. 
After hearing that, Sabrina merely nodded without any other action since it was her first time doing all those things. 
Thus, after having filled out the marriage registration form, Sabrina left with the Director of the Office of Population Affairs. 
Isaac, on the other hand, stayed in the lobby and waited for the marriage certificate to be issued. 
“You’re Sabrina Hayes, yes? How far along are you?”
In the examination room behind closed doors, the Director of the Office of Population Affairs, who led Sabrina in casually, asked that question while taking out a form and filling it. 
Sabrina’s expression stiffened slightly. 
“Isn’t this just formality?” 
“Yes, but the birth permit requires a delivery date. It doesn’t need to be accurate as long as it’s an approximate date. It’ll be rendered invalid if you give birth too early. Conversely, if the birth is overdue, the veracity of this birth permit will be questioned,” the lady clarified in detail. 
When her words fell, she noticed the hands of the woman sitting beside her slowly clenching into fists until her knuckles went totally white. 
“Ms. Hayes?” 
“In that case, forget about it!” 
Shooting to her feet, Sabrina spun on her heels to leave. 
The Director of the Office of Population Affairs was stunned for a long moment. Only when she saw that the pregnant lady was about to leave did she hastily call out to her, “Hey, don’t leave! What are you doing? Don’t you have to apply for a birth permit when you have a child?” 
“No, that’s not necessary!” 
Sabrina spat out those words again. Her face was now as dark as night. 
Indeed, that’s unnecessary! Considering the influence of the Hayes family, who would dare forbid me from adding my child to the household register if I want to have a kid? It’s entirely superfluous of me to have come here!
She didn’t want to bother with the woman anymore. 
However, she never expected the Director of the Office of Population Affairs would stand up and grab hold her hand upon a failed attempt of persuasion. 
“Of course, it’s necessary! Every child has to be recorded in the household register. All right, all right, I won’t ask you about your delivery date anymore. I’ll just issue it for you directly, okay?” 
Sabrina had initially reached the door, but after a few seconds she caved and sat herself down again. 
Ultimately, she still hoped that her child could enter the world legitimately. 
The director was no longer as talkative as before. Instead, she swiftly completed the form and handed it to Sabrina to be signed. 
When Sabrina saw that the matter was proceeding smoothly this time, she took the form and signed it accordingly. 
“All right, we’re done. Just sit here for a while. I’ll take it over to be stamped and issue the certificate for you. I’ll be back in no time.” 
After saying that, she promptly went out with the form in hand. 
Sabrina didn’t suspect anything amiss. After the director left, Sabrina waited in the examination room. 
Ding! 
Out of the blue, the phone in her bag dinged. 
She rummaged out her phone.
It was Sasha who texted her. Have you gotten your marriage certificate, Sab? 
In the past few days, Sasha had been very concerned about her. However, Sabrina didn’t want to trouble Sasha, much less have Sasha learn of the situation on her end. That was why Sabrina did not allow Sasha to visit the Sheerwood residence. 
Now that everything was drawing to an end, she was finally in the mood to reply to Sasha. 
Sabrina answered: Almost. I’m now applying for a birth permit. 
In response, Sasha questioned: A birth permit? Why would you be applying for that at the civil affairs office? That’s a matter handled by the Office of Population Affairs. What has it got to do with the civil affairs office? 
Sabrina didn’t reply at once. 
In that instance, something snapped in Sabrina’s mind. 
Sasha texted again. Furthermore, even if you want to apply for a birth permit, it’ll have to be issued by the Office of Population Affairs in Avenport. How could you be asked to do that at the civil affairs office? That’s against the rules. 
This time, Sasha did not receive an answer, for Sabrina had placed her phone back into her bag and left the examination room. 
Alas, she was still too late. 
When she found the Director of the Office of Population Affairs, the woman was already on the phone. “Don’t worry, for I already know how far along she is, Mrs. Sheerwood. Judging from the size of her belly and her secretive manner, she’s definitely not just four months pregnant.”
“Really?” 
“Of course it’s true. Don’t worry. Besides, her reaction earlier has been captured by the surveillance cameras in the examination room.”
###Chapter 1061
Chapter 1061
“If you want to ruin the marriage, you can contact the Hayes family with the surveillance footage or upload it onto the internet. When her reputation is in shambles, it’ll no longer be possible for her to marry into the Sheerwood family!” 
Despite being a civil servant, the Director of the Office of Population Affairs actually colluded with someone to do such a despicable thing. 
Outside the room, a terrifyingly murderous aura enveloped Sabrina. 
Bang! 
She kicked the door open. 
When the Director of the Office of Population Affairs, who was chattering happily, heard the door slamming into the wall, she jolted in fright. 
How dare-” 
Smash! 
After Sabrina kicked open the door and stepped into the room, she spotted a chair. Picking it up, she ruthlessly brought it down on the head of the Director of the Office of Population Affairs without uttering a single word. 
“Ahh!” A woman’s agonized cry reverberated in the entire office. Cradling her head that was bleeding profusely, the director collapsed onto the floor. 
“What happened? What’s the matter?”
Hearing the commotion, everyone in the adjacent offices immediately rushed out and sprinted toward the noise, only to arrive at a terribly bloody scene. 
“I’m asking you this once more—have you sent her the surveillance footage?” 
Sabrina stepped on the director’s wrist without mercy. And with one hand, Sabrina held the chair that was used to strike the woman earlier and pressed it against her neck. 
She obviously had no intention to treat the director like a human. 
The director howled in pain. “S-Sabrina, do you think you’re above the law? It’s t-the civil affairs office here. The police w-will never let you off the hook!” 
“Haha…” 
Sabrina only sneered. Her eyes then glinted with viciousness as she gave the director a serious kick in the head. 
Snap! 
The people outside the room then heard the chilling sounds of bones shattering. 
The Director of the Office of Population Affairs almost passed out right then and there. 
“Let me tell you this—I don’t mind if you don’t give me the surveillance footage. However, if everything that happened here today gets out, I promise you that you and your family will be paying the price. I swear on the name of Hayes Corporation that I’ll never let any of you off the hook!” 
Sabrina crouched on the floor and left that threat to the Director of the Office of Population Affairs as she was taken away by the police, who had rushed over.
Isaac, on the other hand, had been waiting in the lobby for the wedding certificate. When he suddenly heard the commotion upstairs, he hurried over, only to see Sabrina being escorted away by the police. 
“Wait a minute! Where are you all taking her? Hurry up and let go of her!” 
He raced over to stop the police in an attempt to rescue his beloved woman. 
However, someone soon grabbed him from the back. “Don’t go over. She has committed murder!” 
“What did you just say?” Isaac felt as though he had been struck by a bolt of lightning. “M-Murder?” 
Complete darkness obscured his vision. 
Even after Sabrina had been taken away, he didn’t react the slightest bit. 
Coincidentally, a couple who had just registered their marriage came out from the lobby at that precise moment. The man in military uniform was stunned to see Sabrina being sent away by the police. 
“Isn’t that Seb’s sister?” 
“Who’s that?” the bride queried. 
“Seb is the heir to the Jadeson family and also the cousin of Major Jadeson. This is strange. Why is his sister being arrested? And she’s even with child! What exactly happened?” 
As the military man explained things to his bride, puzzlement and anxiety showed on his face. 
After listening to that, his bride immediately grew worried as well. “Then, shouldn’t you give that heir of the Jadeson family a call and have him come to check on the situation?” 
Hmm… The heir of the Jadeson family?
The military man took off his cap and rubbed his bald head, feeling a tad embarrassed. 
Although he gave me three million for staying at the funeral parlor for three days, I don’t have his contact information. How am I going to find him? Never mind, I’ll contact the Major instead. 
The moment Sabrina was taken to the police station, she knew that things would probably not progress in her favor this time. 
After all, she found herself being locked up in a solitary holding cell. 
“Sabrina Hayes, don’t think that you’re really above the law just because you’re the daughter of the Hayes family! Let me tell you that for as long as you’re here, no one will learn of your whereabouts until you spit out the truth!” The police officer interrogating her snarled viciously while shining a bright light at her. 
Sabrina merely blocked the light with a hand and turned her head sideways. 
“Why? Are you thinking of killing me here? Go ahead, then. Just see whether the Hayes family will go by the law after I die in here and whether the lot of you will remain safe and sound.” 
“How dare you!” 
The police officer was so incensed that his face instantly flushed bright red. 
Alas, he could not do anything to her. In the end, he could only stare at the woman and enunciate, “Okay, then tell me this honestly—what do you want from the Sheerwood family? They’ve now lodged a police report that you want to marry into their family while carrying another man’s child. As such, you’re presently suspected of marriage fraud. Is that true?” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless upon hearing that allegation.
###Chapter 1062
Chapter 1062
Marriage fraud? 
Sabrina was furious beyond words that she sneered, “What did I cheat the Sheerwood family of? Is their family wealthy or powerful? Even our marriage home is a gift from Sebastian, my younger brother. What do they have that I can cheat from them? 
“You…” 
Her retort rendered the police officer speechless. 
Indeed, for a person of her status, the term “marriage fraud” sounded ridiculous and laughable. 
The police left in disgrace. 
That night, Sabrina remained in this police detention room all night. She 
was not granted permission to contact anyone. Her belongings, including her mobile phone were confiscated. 
Nevertheless, she did not panic. 
She was certain that Isaac would come to her aid. 
During these few months of them being together, he had gained her trust with his patience, sincerity and tolerance. 
In fact, he had healed her heart which had been broken into fragments slowly and gradually. 
Nevertheless, unbeknownst to her, Isaac was facing problems at his own home. 
He had fought back but in vain!
“Say it. Tell us, is she pregnant with your child?” 
“The child is mine!” 
Although Isaac was being locked up inside his own room, he insisted that the child was his. 
Outside the room, when Rosie heard her son’s reply, she was so upset that her whole body trembled. “I have checked with the Director of the Office of Population Affairs. She is seven months pregnant, not four. How can the child be yours?” 
“You fool! Don’t you know if the child is not yours?” 
After he learned the truth, Seamus scolded his son as well. 
Isaac turned pale. 
“So, is this the reason why Sabrina assaulted that woman? How could you do that? Mom, you have gone too far!” 
Isaac’s eyes were full of anger. He could not help but howl in fury. 
Outside the room, Rosie sneered, “Have I gone too far? I did it for you. Why must you look after another man’s child? Do you want the Sheerwood family to be the laughing stock of Summerbank? 
Isaac was speechless. 
“Isaac, your mom is right. If that is the truth, I would be too ashamed to go on living. I work in a government agency and my son is taking care of another man’s offspring. How can I face my colleagues in the agency in the future? Do you want me to die in shame? 
Seamus started scolding his son as well. He did not mince his words.
Isaac was full of anger but there was nothing he could do or say. 
He was locked in and there was nothing he could do no matter how depressed he felt. 
In Summerbank, the Sheerwood family was indeed considered a good family. His father was the second-in-chief in a government agency, so they were considered respectable. 
Hence, his father spoke the truth when he mentioned being too embarrassed to go on living. 
Everyone valued dignity, especially a man who was respected and held a good social standing. 
“Let me make this clear. If I go down, you’ll not be respected as you will lose your wealth and your status as well. By then, even passers-by will point at you and laugh at you!” 
“Let me remind you of the problems ahead. What will happen when the child grows up? Is his father still around? Will his father come back for the child? What will you have then? Will the woman, Sabrina always be with you? If she really loved you, she would have aborted the child before marrying you.” 
Seamus really spoke like the devil himself. 
He had analyzed every aspect of the matter, explored the worst scenarios and then presented them to his son. He did not force his decision on his son but had shown him the worst outcomes that his decision could lead to. 
What would his decision be? 
Isaac’s fury and persistence began to waver as he had the picture in his mind. Finally, his whole body trembled. 
In the end, his was too weak.
This was exactly the evaluation Sebastian had come upon of him when they first met—someone who had grown up in a protected environment and had never gone through any hardship. 
Sabrina spent a night in disappointment. 
The next morning, the police officer came to release her. 
However, when she came out of the detention room, it was not Isaac who had come to pick her up. Instead, it was the tall broad figure that she had not seen for a long time, wearing an olive-green uniform and waiting for her in the lobby of the police station. 
Sabrina was speechless. 
Her mind was blank for a few seconds and when she came to her senses, it was as if someone slapped her hard. An overwhelming sense of humiliation surged over her and she trembled all over. 
“Sabrina…” 
Devin had driven all night to come and see her. Finally, he saw her with her protruding pregnant belly, he was overjoyed and was about to rush over to her. 
At that very instant, the woman suddenly pounced at him like a furious lioness and slapped him right across his face! 
“Go away!” 
This was the worst humiliation she had felt in her life. 
She had thought that she would leave the detention center with pride and dignity. In the end, she felt so pathetic. The child she should have aborted was still in her womb. She was like a silly damsel waiting for this man’s charity and salvation.
What the fu*k! 
Sabrina was livid!
###Chapter 1063
Chapter 1063
Devin was stunned as he did not expect that. 
The slap caused every working police officer in the huge lobby of the police station to raise their heads immediately. 
They all looked on in stunned silence. 
Oh, my goodness! this is the major, whom they were afraid of even speaking with! 
Yet, this woman had just come out from detention and just slapped him across the face so quickly! 
The onlookers watched wide-eyed, and mouth agape. 
Then, the woman ran out with her protruding pregnant belly. The onlookers switched their gaze onto the man who had been slapped. 
“Sabrina, where are you going?” 
Devin went after her without a second thought and ignored the swelling on his face after the slap. 
Sabrina paid no heed. 
She had totally lost control of herself. The overwhelming fury in her and the sense of humiliation made her wish that she could just disappear from here and never appear again! 
When she rushed out of the police station, she wanted to hail a cab and leave the place so badly. 
However, as she ran, she stumbled and fell forward. 
“Careful!” 
From behind, Devin saw her stumbling and quickly rushed forward to steady her.
“Let go of me! Don’t touch me!” She acted as if he was carrying some form of plague. When he held her arms, she struggled desperately to free herself from his grasp. 
But Devin did not let go of her. 
He looked pale but did not let go even when she punched and kicked him wildly. 
“If you feel you need to vent your anger, you can beat me up in any way you like but I have to send you to the hospital for a physical examination since you were locked up for the whole night. 
“Huh…” Sabrina sneered in reply. 
Seeing that he would not let go of her, she bit down hard on his hand in the next instant. 
“Hmm…” 
There was so much hatred pent up in her that she wanted to draw blood. 
Devin let out a grunt but still, he did not let go of her. Quietly, he just watched her biting his hand. 
The sun rose in the eastern skies. 
From the shade of the lush trees standing quietly on both sides of the road, birds could be heard singing. On this sunny morning, signs of life began showing everywhere. 
However, in this instant, there was only the smell of blood lingering in the air between the two of them. 
As the taste of blood entered her mouth, the tears Sabrina had held back for so long started rolling down onto the back of Devin’s bloodied hand that she was biting. 
“What do you want? Do you think that I am now in this shameful state that you can insult me? Are you thinking that I am cheaper than before?”
“No!” 
As Devin looked at this tearful woman who was finally willing to talk, his heart ached. Their eyes met and he wasted no time in denying the accusations. 
“No, that’s not why I came. I came to marry you.” Without any hesitation, he proclaimed his true purpose.” 
“What did you say?” 
Finally, his words sank in and Sabrina was stunned. “Marry me?” 
Devin nodded. “Yes, marry you. Now!” 
After he finished speaking, he took out two small Identity cards from his pocket, one was his, and the other was Sabrina’s which was detained in the Civil Affairs office yesterday. It was actually with him now. 
Sabrina was shocked. 
For a long time, she stared at him as if something had exploded in her mind. She was dumbfounded, wondering if she had heard it wrong? 
Marry me? 
Did he say he’s going to marry me? 
Why does he suddenly want to marry me? Didn’t he use to avoid me like poison? 
He would avoid me if I stick around him for a little longer. After his parents’ accident, he even tried to cut me off completely and even denied that we had a relationship.
And now, is he saying that he wants to marry me? 
Sabrina looked at him. After a long time, she heard herself asking, “Why? Out of pity?” 
Devin denied it immediately, “No.” 
Sabrina asked, “Then why? Is it because of the child? Well, it’s not yours but Isaac’s. I have aborted your baby long ago!” 
Her voice was filled with sarcasm. 
Devin remained silent. 
He wanted to argue but he kept his silence finally.. 
Then, without a word, he bent down and lifted her up. 
“What are you doing? Put me down!” As Sabrina was being carried in his arms without warning, she was surprised and struReturning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1063ggled vigorously to get down. 
This time, Devin ignored her totally as he wanted to give her the strongest rebuttal. After he carried her into his car, he took her to the Civil Affairs Office without saying a word. 
When Isaac escaped from home and reached this Civil Affairs Office after half an hour, he saw a newly married couple who had just received their marriage certificate. 
“Sabrina, you both…” 
When he saw the certificates handed over by the officer, Isaac, who had struggled through the night, turned white as a sheet.
###Chapter 1064
Chapter 1064
Sabrina was speechless. 
When Devin saw Isaac, he got up gracefully from his chair, holding the certificates. 
“Mr. Sheerwood, thank you for taking care of my wife and child during these past six months. When we hold our wedding banquet back in Jadeborough, you shall be given a seat of honor.” 
Isaac was stunned. 
He nearly stumbled. 
At that moment, his parents too arrived hurriedly. When they saw the scene before their eyes, they were taken aback. 
“You both… you are… aren’t you?” Seamus was sharp-eyed and immediately, he recognized Devin as the high-ranking army officer who had gone to their home and arrested his son earlier. 
Immediately, he started to stutter. 
Devin stood there with a cold smile on his face. “Yes, I was that army officer. Indeed, I have to thank all of you for taking care of my wife and my unborn child in this period of time.” 
“Your… wife and child?” 
It was Rosie’s turn to be frightened as she widened her eyes and looked at Sabrina in fear and disbelief. 
All this while, she had looked down on her and insulted her in various ways. In fact, she had even framed her recently.
Devin nodded his head again. “Yes. You were here yesterday making a big fuss and creating so much havoc wanting to find out who the father of the child is. Now, you have seen me. What do you think?” 
“I… I…” 
Rosie was too scared to utter a word. 
As she looked at the officer who stood in front of her like an iron tower with a gaze that was full of righteous anger, she started shaking. It was fortunate that she did not collapse and faint. 
To Rosie, this was an unexpected turn of events. 
She had thought that Sabrina was marrying her son while carrying some unwanted illegitimate child. Thus, bringing shame to the Sheerwood family. 
On the contrary, it was obvious that the Sheerwood family had nothing to boast about. 
The biological father of this child was from a well-known powerful family in the Jadeborough. He was the second-in-command. In short, what was the Sheerwood family in comparison? 
With a thud, the old lady collapsed on the floor. 
Isaac’s eyes, full of longing and lost in love, were gazing at Sabrina. When he heard the “thud,” he turned around slowly and looked at his mother. 
“Mom…” 
“Isaac, please beg this high officer for forgiveness, we had no ill intentions. Just beg him to forgive us for the sake of his wife and child whom you took care of for six months.” 
When Rosie saw her son approaching, she begged like a drowning person clutching to a straw.
Hearing her cries, Isaac broke down. “Mom, do you know what you are saying? Do you know what you have done?” 
This man cried like a baby in the lobby of the Civil Affairs Office. 
Seeing this, Sabrina could not take it anymore. She got up and was about to go over to them. 
“Do not worry. I won’t do anything to your family. As long as you Sheerwoods leave this place and stay away abroad. I’ll pretend that nothing has ever happened.” 
Devin held her back. He stood by her and gazed at the Sheerwood family coldly, uttering those words. 
At that, the family was relieved, except for Isaac who was really heartbroken. 
Sabrina tried to say something. 
Abruptly, she freed herself from Devin’s hold and ran to Isaac. 
“Isaac?” 
“Yes…” 
Isaac raised his head. He was totally broken and didn’t look handsome and scholarly as he squatted there. His glasses were wet with tears. 
“I don’t blame you. Don’t you feel guilty.” 
Sabrina half squatted in front of him, with difficulty as she was heavily pregnant. Seeing that his glasses were blurry with tears, she handed him some tissue paper. 
This was one of the things that he used to get ready for her.
In the past six months, he had really taken very good care of her. 
Isaac stretched out his hand and took the tissue from her slowly. 
“I’m sorry…” 
“You don’t need to say sorry to me. I should be the one saying that. In these last six months, you were the one taking care of me, tolerating me and healing my broken heart with your tender care. 
“So, I was really ready to marry you.” 
Finally, Sabrina said these words. 
She did not hesitate because this was the truth from her heart. 
In the past few years, she had been tired of chasing after someone who she could not have. As a result, she was badly hurt. She had then decided to stop pursuing that unrealistic love and accept the one person who truly loved and cared about her. 
So, she really meant it that night. 
When Isaac heard these words, he seemed to come back to life. Those eyes that were full of tears sparkled with hope again. 
Devin who was standing behind them turned pale and his lips were pursed into a firm straight line. 
“Do you really mean this? So, do we… have another chance?”
###Chapter 1065
Chapter 1065
“No!” 
Before Sabrina could answer, Devin scooped her into his masculine arms as she struggled with all her might. 
“What are you doing, Devin? Let me go! Put me down right now!” 
He had never been so furious. Silently, he walked to the table with Sabrina still in his arms and picked up their marriage certificate. Then he left the house without a backward glance. 
A few minutes later, they were in the car. 
His dominance infuriated Sabrina, and she yelled, “Devin Jackson, do you have to be a jerk? Was it fun to pick up the trash that you’ve dumped?” 
Her harsh words were an insult to Devin, and a humiliation to herself. 
His knuckles turned white from the tight grip on the steering wheel. 
Eventually, he suppressed the pulsing rage and drove straight to the airport with his bride. 
Ten minutes later, Sebastian received a text while he was enjoying a cup of freshly brewed coffee prepared by Sasha in the penthouse suite. 
Upon reading the text, he spat a mouthful of coffee onto the computer screen from the shock. 
“What’s wrong?” Sasha was sitting by the coffee table. She shifted her gaze from the invitation cards to Sebastian’s face. 
At a loss for words, he tossed his phone onto the table. “Have a look.”
Sasha blinked for a second before she stood up to pick up his phone. 
A single glance at the message instantly stole her breath away. She was so shocked that she almost cursed. 
“Have they lost their mind? They got married without telling us!” 
Sebastian did not make any comments. He was afraid of losing his temper if he said something. 
The couple sat in silence until Luke knocked on the office door and came in to report his progress. 
“What should we do now? We’ve been preparing for the wedding ceremony for so long. I’ve already booked the hotel, a wedding planner, and everything else. What should we do?” Sasha asked. 
Sebastian pondered for a moment. “We could make it our wedding.” 
Sasha got so angry that she had the urge to kill both Devin and Sabrina. 
However, she was worried about Sabrina, who was now in Jadeborough. 
She immediately sent the latter a message as soon as she got home. Sab, I heard you and Devin are married. What’s going on? Are you okay? 
However, Sabrina did not reply. 
Sasha headed to the kitchen to prepare dinner with Wendy. 
“Madam, Vivi said the school is holding a parent-teacher conference. Are you going to attend?” 
“A parent-teacher conference?” Sasha was cleaning the shrimps. She instantly lifted her head upon hearing that.
Wendy nodded. “That’s right. All the elementary schools do that. The kids are starting primary three soon, so there’ll be some changes in their studies and progress. The purpose of a parent-teacher conference is to explain those to the parents. I used to attend those for my children too!” 
Wendy was born and bred in the city, so she knew how the local education system worked. 
Sasha did not send her children to Empire Elementary. Instead, she sent them to the local public school, which was also the district’s elementary school. 
She wanted them to live a normal life and learn more from their experiences. 
It was a trend widely embraced by wealthy families. 
Sasha had never been to any parent-teacher conference, so she could not help feeling anxious. “That’s such an important meeting. Perhaps I should discuss it with Sebastian and decide who would be going.” 
“All right,” Wendy answered with a warm smile. Madam is perfectly capable of attending on her own. She used to shoulder all the responsibilities back then when Mr. Hayes wasn’t there with her. Now that she has finally found someone to take care of the children and her, she’ll naturally rely on him more. 
The women busied themselves in the kitchen. As soon as Sasha walked out, she noticed Sabrina had finally replied to her text. 
He’s a crazy man! 
Dumbfounded, Sasha sent another text: Aren’t you happy? 
Sabrina: Why should I? Should I be grateful because he finally wants to marry me? 
Her words were curt. Sasha did not know what to reply.
However, she could tell that Sabrina was not willing to marry Devin. That’s reasonable. After all, it’s difficult for her to forget about what happened in Yaleview. 
Finally, Sasha sent a message to Janice, who was now in Jadeborough. With that, she finally understood the ins and outs of everything. 
Later that night, she told Sebastian about what she had heard from Janice. “Aunt Janice said Sab was already pregnant when Devin brought her back to Oceanic Estate. Her baby bump was quite obvious, so she probably did not go for the abortion.”
###Chapter 1066
Chapter 1066
Sebastian, who finally had some time to rest after a long day at work, was on the verge of breaking down by what Sasha said. Did a woman play me out? 
A moment later, he asked, “Who did that?” 
“I guess it’s Haruto. No wonder Sab suddenly postponed the procedure. Besides, Haruto also reached the hospital on that same afternoon. Solomon could’ve set everything up.” Sasha eventually understood what was going on. 
Haruto was a medical expert from Jetroina. 
He saved Sasha from the brink of death and healed all her shattered bones. 
Therefore, he could save a baby in a bone marrow donor’s tummy. 
Sasha brewed some tea and served it to Sebastian. “Don’t be angry anymore, okay? Although they try to hide everything from us, that’s not a bad thing in the end. If Sab doesn’t want the baby, she’ll never keep him no matter how skillful Haruto is.” 
Sebastian accepted the cup of tea silently. “I’m not angry about that. I’m just worried that it might still be difficult for them even if she keeps the baby.” 
“What do you mean?” Sasha looked at him in confusion as she sat down. 
Sebastian frowned. “I always found it strange that Devin rejected Sabrina so ruthlessly. After thinking it through, I’ve realized I missed out on a detail.” 
“What is it?”
“His mom said something to him before she jumped off a building,” Sebastian replied solemnly. He was finally ready to talk about the thing that he buried deep within himself a long time ago. 
Sasha was stunned. Jasmine’s last words? But I was right there. I don’t remember seeing her saying anything. 
She combed through her memories. Just then, the image of Jasmine jumping down the hospital flashed across her mind, followed by Devin’s last expression. 
My God! Sasha turned pale at the recollection. ”T-Then, what do you think she had said to him?” Her voice was trembling. 
Sebastian glanced at her. However, he shook his head helplessly after a moment. “I don’t know. Devin is always an impartial man. But he lost control once and almost strangled me to death during his parents’ funeral. That was not a good sign.” 
He talked about that past with a low and deep voice. 
Although that had happened a long time ago, his heart still felt heavy every time he thought about it 
Sebastian couldn’t forget the intense hatred in Devin’s eyes that day. They had been friends for an awfully long time, and it was the first time Sebastian saw the latter lose control. 
What could be Jasmine’s last words? Both Sasha and Sebastian did not sleep well that night. 
The next day, Sasha decided to visit Sabrina in Jadeborough after discussing with Sebastian. It was easier for a woman to understand another woman’s body condition. 
Besides, Sasha wanted to find the truth about the relationship between Sabrina and Devin.
“Sebby, remember to attend the kids’ parent-teacher conference at the school for me since I’m not here,” Sasha said. 
“What parent-teacher conference?” Sebastian was packing Sasha’s luggage. He put everything neatly, including her skincare and underwear. 
He changed a lot since he was back to his normal self. In the past, he never helped with the chores. Now, he would get everything sorted out for Sasha. 
“Wendy told me the school is meeting the parents to explain the upcoming study plan for primary three…” 
“What? Do you think our children need that?” Sebastian snickered before Sasha finished her sentence. A disdainful expression appeared on his face. 
“Can you behave like a parent? Yes. I know our sons are brilliant. They learn everything themselves before the teachers get to teach, but they still have plenty to learn. Didn’t you notice Little Ian has changed a lot after going to that school?” 
She stood still, huffing in frustration. A hint of dissatisfaction flashed across her round, teary eyes. 
Sebastian raised a brow as he stared at her face. Our daughter looks exactly like her. 
He did not care about how much Ian had changed. After all, he had hired another teacher to give them extra lessons. However, for the little girl who’s as dumb as this woman, I’m not very sure about that. 
A moment later, Sebastian finally accepted Sasha’s request. 
Spring was in full bloom in Jadeborough. Sasha was finally back in the city after six months. There were few changes in that place. The only difference was Oceanic Estate had become much quieter
compared to the old times. 
Why didn’t Sabrina stay in Red Pavilion? Suddenly, the question popped up in Sasha’s mind when she was carrying her luggage into the gardens. 
“Oh my God! Madam is back!” 
“Madam!” 
The housemaids in Oceanic Estate greeted Sasha excitedly. 
Sasha flashed a warm smile at each one. Then, she asked directly, “Where’s my sister?” 
“Ms. Hayes has gone to the hospital for her prenatal checkup. Mr. Devin is with her,” Olivia answered. 
Sasha thought that was good news.
###Chapter 1067
Chapter 1067
Meanwhile, Devin was accompanying Sabrina for her prenatal checkup in General Hospital. She was seeing the doctor recommended by Grayson. 
“Wow! I didn’t expect you to become a dad in such a sudden manner. You’re really something, dude.” Grayson teased Devin upon seeing them in the hospital. He swept his gaze across Sabrina’s tummy and grinned. 
Grayson was Jonathan’s comrade, and he was very close with Devin’s father. Therefore, he saw Devin as his son. 
The younger man was also excited upon hearing what Grayson said. 
However, Sabrina turned her head away awkwardly. 
“Yes. We’re here for a prenatal checkup. Uncle Grayson, can you pick the best obstetrician in the hospital for me? We also plan to have our baby delivered here,” Devin said. 
“Sure. You can leave it to me!” Grayson patted on his chest happily. 
Then Devin and Sabrina headed to the obstetrics and gynecology department. 
It was Devin’s first visit to the department. 
He was mesmerized every time he walked past a pregnant woman. 
Most of them came with their husbands. Some of the men put their arms around their partners to support them. The rest helped to carry their handbags or bottles. 
Devin retracted his gaze to look at Sabrina. Suddenly, he felt a strange emotion surged within him. He was proud to become one of the men around him.
“What are you looking at?” Sabrina was annoyed. 
It was not easy for her to keep the baby. Although Haruto tried his best to save her baby, the bone marrow donation was harmful to her body. 
A short walk exhausted her, and her waist ached from time to time. 
Devin instantly looked away when he sensed her anger. “Nothing. I’ve never been to a place like this. It feels good to be here with you.” 
He was honest with his feelings. 
Hearing that, Sabrina faltered a few steps, almost falling over. 
“Be careful!” Devin quickly reached out to grab her and pulled her into his arms. 
Sabrina had been pregnant for eight months, so her body shape was no longer as slender as before. She became clumsier with the weight gain. 
As soon as Devin pulled her closer, she could still feel the warmth from his body, even though they were separated by her belly. 
She could even hear his heart racing. Is he worried about me? 
Sabrina lay against Devin’s body, looking disheveled and embarrassed. For one moment, affection bloomed from the bottom of her heart, and she did not want to leave him anymore. 
However, as she turned around, she noticed everyone was staring at them. 
“See? Her husband’s so sweet and considerate. He hugs and holds her tightly even when they’re walking. He’s totally different from all of you.”
“I know right!” 
With that, everyone stared at them enviously. 
As soon as Sabrina heard that, she pushed Devin away. The emotions she experienced moments ago had vanished. Yes. It’s all because of my baby! He married me and treated me well because of my baby. 
Then, she walked away grouchily. 
Devin stood there blankly, not knowing what he did wrong. 
Soon, an obstetrician came out and brought them into the consultation room. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, how far along are you?” The obstetrician was a middle-aged woman in her forties. She asked Sabrina various questions and recorded the details on her medical record. 
Mrs. Jadeson? Sabrina could not help but feel embarrassed upon hearing that address. 
She pursed her lips for a second before responding stiffly, “Seven months.” 
“All right. Let’s fill in the form first. Can you write the date of your last period and your personal information? We’ll do a checkup after this.” The obstetrician handed Sabrina the medical record. 
After she filled in the record, Sabrina lay on the bed in the consultation room under the obstetrician’s instruction. 
Meanwhile, Devin stood at the door and observed the situation anxiously. 
He was in his thirties, and a veteran who experienced dangerous situations frequently. However, he was nervous as he watched Sabrina undergo her checkup.
“Mrs. Jadeson, I don’t think your baby is seven months old,” the obstetrician said as she looked at the data. 
Sabrina turned around immediately. “W-What?” 
The obstetrician nodded. “According to the ultrasound image, your baby is at least eight months old.”
###Chapter 1068
Chapter 1068
What? 
Sabrina was nonplussed. 
Standing in the doorway, Devin hurried over when he heard that. 
“More than eight months? Doctor, how do you know?” 
“Look here. The baby’s head circumference and bone development show the pregnancy is over eight months. Mr. Jadeson, I think your wife might have gotten the date wrong. Has she had any prenatal checkup before?” 
The doctor pointed at the ultrasound image of the fetus. 
Devin couldn’t take his eyes off the image. 
Is this my baby? 
Gazing at the fetus on the screen, he felt his heart pounding as he stared at the fetus on the screen. Even his fingers quivered slightly. 
That was an innate, fatherly love. 
“Mr. Jadeson?” 
“Yeah, she probably remembers the date wrongly… It should be the twenty-third of July.” 
Devin snapped out of his trance. His ears turned red as he mentioned a date with certainty. 
Right after he spoke, Sabrina, who was on the bed, turned to shoot daggers at him. 
How could he remember this date?
Her eyes widened instantly, and a glint of disbelief flashed across them. He remembered because they spent that night in Coldbridge. 
“You’re right. If we calculate using this date, her pregnancy is around eight months. Mr. Jadeson, if this is the case, the baby is too small.” 
“Too small?” 
“Yeah, she’s underweight, and the baby’s organs aren’t fully developed. This is quite a severe issue. In the coming months, they’ll have to keep up.” 
There was pessimism in the doctor’s voice. 
Color drained from Devin’s face within seconds. 
He was about to ask for solutions when he saw Sabrina staring at them in trepidation. 
Her hands, which she had placed calmly at her sides earlier, were clutching the sheets. Seeing that, he bit his tongue at once. 
“I got it. Let me send my wife outside first.” 
“Sure.” 
The doctor was thoughtful. 
Devin helped the dazed woman get out of the bed and carried her out. 
Sabrina’s feeling was indescribable. 
She felt so cold all over. Engulfed by a paralyzing fear, she didn’t know where she was or what she had been doing.
Not that she didn’t take good care of the baby, but the bone marrow donation affected the fetus’ growth in her body. 
Haruto said the anesthetics and loss of bone marrow would hinder the fetus’ development. 
Sabrina slumped into the chair like a lifeless doll. 
“Sabrina, don’t worry. Our baby is just underweight. From now on, I’ll look after you both. We’ll eat more nourishing and nutritious food to help our baby gain more weight. Don’t overthink things.” 
Her devastated state frightened Devin. 
Squatting in front of her, he consoled her in a gentle voice. He had made up his mind to take great care of them, so they would be healthy and well. 
However, the woman gave him no response. 
Since she heard the diagnosis, she seemed to have lost her soul. 
“Sabrina?” 
She still did not make a sound. 
Another minute passed. Devin finally met her dull gaze. 
“Don’t waste your time and energy. The baby won’t come into this world.” 
“What did you say?” 
Devin was stupefied. 
The baby won’t come into this world? What does she mean?
Her lips curved into a contemptuous smile. “Don’t you understand? The baby that you’re obsessed with will never be born. He’s as good as gone. You may leave now. I no longer have what you want.” 
Devin finally wrapped his head around her words. 
Immediately, he glanced at her bulging belly, and his dashing face turned as white as paper. With eyes fixed on her, his entire body quivered. 
“Is it because of the bone marrow donation?” 
That was his first thought? 
Sabrina felt a stabbing pain in her heart. She averted her gaze, planning to stand up and leave this horrible place. 
“Sabrina!” It was Devin’s voice. 
As soon as she moved, he held her down. 
“How many times do you want me to tell you? I did not marry you because of the baby! I thought I made myself clear in Yaleview. I asked for your forgiveness not because you’re pregnant. I realized I was wrong to lie to myself about my feelings for you. Have you forgotten it?”
###Chapter 1069
Chapter 1069
Devin clasped her wrist tightly. 
His eyes were brimming with tears. Afraid that she would disappear from his life again, the man was so perturbed that even his voice was quavered with fear. 
He was so tense that he could have a mental breakdown any second. 
Much to his relief, Sabrina gradually turned to look at him again after he spoke. 
“Affection? What affection?” 
“I love you since the moment I saw you!” Devin finally blurted out his confession with no hesitation, gazing at her unflinchingly. 
Sabrina was stunned. 
She felt as if every sound around them had faded away. Sitting motionless, she gaped blankly at the man with a befuddled mind. 
Never in her wildest dream had she expected him to say the three words. 
He said he loves me. 
From the moment he saw me. 
His abrupt love confession mended her broken heart and breathed life back into her soul. 
When she regained her composure, she was in the consultation room again. This time, Devin stood beside her as he told the doctor the truth. 
“Doctor, we forgot to tell you she donated her bone marrow once while carrying this baby.”
“What did you just say? She donated her bone marrow?” 
The doctor looked astonished. 
Devin’s heart sank. 
After a brief pause, he continued. “Yes. Doctor, if the baby can’t be saved, please prioritize my wife’s life. Her health is the most important thing.” 
“Sure!” 
The doctor flashed him an approving smile. 
In the meantime, Sabrina was sitting beside him. Her fingers curled instinctively, and her vision blurred as a lump formed in her throat. 
Thirty minutes later, when the two left the hospital, Sabrina was much calmer. 
Devin started the car, glanced at his phone, and asked, “I heard Sasha is here. Do you want to head to Oceanic Estate or Red Pavilion?” 
Sabrina’s heart skipped a beat, and her eyes flicked to look at him. 
“Red Pavilion?” 
“Or we can go to Oceanic Estate.” 
Sensing her reluctance, he told her he wouldn’t force her to follow him home. 
It was never about my willingness to follow him back but whether he wants me in his house. After all, Sebastian caused his parents’ death.
Sabrina was in a dilemma for about ten seconds before she answered timidly, “Since she’s here, let’s go to Oceanic Estate.” 
In the end, she chose Oceanic Estate. 
However, she used Sasha as an excuse to go to Oceanic Estate because the latter was there. 
Devin was unfazed. He nodded and headed for Oceanic Estate. 
At Oceanic Estate. 
Sasha had found out everything from Janice, but one thing puzzled her. 
“Did you say Devin has been staying outside for the past six months?” 
“Yeah, it’s been a long while since I last saw him. This time, he came back with Sabrina, and she’s pregnant! Everyone at Oceanic Estate was shocked.” 
Janice was amused at her recollection of the day Devin came back. 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
How can this be? Sebastian told me Devin has lived in Jadeborough for six months. To lie low and escape troubles, he hasn’t taken on any mission and has been training the army. How could he not be at Oceanic Estate? 
The woman was bewildered. 
Before she could figure it out, Sabrina and Devin came back. 
“Sab, you’re back. How are you?”
Sasha was the first to welcome them. 
The moment she saw the baby bump on the woman in black, an inexplicable feeling washed over her. 
She has kept me in the dark perfectly! 
“I’m tired. I’m going upstairs to rest.” 
Not wanting to see Sasha’s embarrassed smiley face, Sabrina glared at the former before she entered the elevator. 
Sasha was speechless. 
She had no choice but to focus her attention on Devin, who was still in the living room. 
“Devin, how’s she now?” 
“She’s not doing well. When she donated her bone marrow, her health was adversely affected. Now, the baby’s vitals are below standard. Sasha, do you have any idea what to do?” 
He pinned his hope on his sister-in-law. 
Sasha froze for a moment. 
I didn’t know about this. What is going to happen to her and her baby? 
Her expression turned solemn at once. “Okay, give me some time. I’ll contact Haruto. With my TCM knowledge and his medical expertise, I believe there’s a way to help her.”
###Chapter 1070
Chapter 1070
She immediately tried to comfort him. 
Devin was slightly assured upon hearing that. 
He wouldn’t want anything bad to happen to the baby, and it would be best to keep it safe and healthy. 
That night, in their former bedroom on the third floor, Sasha was communicating with Haruto on her laptop while she flipped through her thick medical books. 
She was still immersed in her books when Sabrina walked in. 
“S-” 
“Ms. Hayes, Old Mr. Jadeson is asking for you downstairs.” 
Just when Sabrina was about to call out to Sasha, a housemaid informed her that Jonathan was looking for her. 
Jonathan? 
Sabrina’s heart skipped a beat, and she retracted her footstep. 
Ten minutes later, Sabrina appeared in Jonathan’s study at Oceanic Estate wearing a maternity dress. 
Knock! Knock! 
“Come in.” 
Hearing the low and solemn voice, Sabrina clenched her fists a little before walking into the study. 
She would always remember what happened between her and Jonathan.
Back then, with a gentle smile, he told her he didn’t want her and Devin to be together. He also kicked her out of Oceanic Estate right after. 
However, she was now back with a pregnant belly. 
“Take a seat.” 
Inside the brightly lit study, Jonathan was sitting by the desk. He pointed at the chair in front of him that she could occupy. 
Sabrina sat down reluctantly. 
“I heard your prenatal checkup didn’t go well today.” Jonathan’s face was filled with concern for her and the baby. 
His concern warmed her. 
She was a woman who was easily moved. 
“You’re right. The baby’s development is affected because I donated my bone marrow to Sebastian during pregnancy.” 
“Why don’t you rest and give birth in Jetroina instead? You can have Devin accompany you there. I heard the doctor who did your surgery is in Jetroina. Isn’t it better for you to be there?” Suddenly, Jonathan suggested this. 
Sabrina was dumbfounded. 
She would love to keep the baby. Otherwise, she wouldn’t even take the risk after the bone marrow donation. 
However, it didn’t seem appropriate for her to rest and give birth in Jetroina.
“There’s still more than a month left… Can Devin be away for that long?” 
“Of course. All it takes is one phone call from me. You two can spend more time in Jetroina as well. I know both of you suffered from the interference created by his parents and me. We caused a rift in your relationship. Maybe the trip to Jetroina can break the barrier.” 
Sabrina had never expected Jonathan to say something like this. 
Unable to hold back her emotions, she covered her mouth as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
He knows we’re fighting, and that he and Devin’s parents were the ones who caused us to end up like this. 
Sabrina’s emotions were in turmoil. 
After a couple of minutes, she finally calmed down. “Let’s do it.” 
“Great. I’ll inform Devin about the trip. It’s getting late. You should rest now. I’ll have Devin pick you up tomorrow, and you two can travel to Jetroina.” 
“Okay.” 
Sabrina wiped away her tears as she stood up happily and walked out of the study. 
Before she closed the door behind her, she turned around. “I still have one question. What changed your mind about our relationship?” 
Jonathan, who was still sitting in his chair, gazed at her. “Maybe I’m getting old. After what happened with Sebastian, I suddenly realized I should just let you youngsters live your own lives. Following my plans might not be the best choice. After all, your happiness means much more than that.”
That was perhaps the most beautiful thing Sabrina had ever heard in her whole life. 
She could finally walk away with a contented heart. 
Thirty minutes later, in the Red Pavilion, Devin received a phone call from Mark to pick up Sabrina the next morning and travel to Jetroina. 
“Jetroina? Are you out of your mind? How can I travel there at this sensitive timing?” 
“Mr. Devin, this is the most critical time for Ms. Hayes’ pregnancy. It’s the only way to keep the baby. I’ll take care of your matters for the time being.” 
“But-” 
Devin still wanted to argue further, but Mark had hung up. Right after that, it was a text message from Jonathan himself. 
Go to Jetroina right away. No delays.
###Chapter 1071
Chapter 1071
Sasha only got the news the next morning, and she was dumbfounded. 
“It’s so sudden? Since when did Jonathan think of your welfare? It’s unbelievable.” 
Sabrina frowned. “I don’t know either. But isn’t this a good thing?” 
“Of course, it is. I was just taken aback by this because it’s too sudden. He tried everything to break you and Devin up, but he’s suddenly being this nice. Aren’t you surprised?” 
Sasha chuckled. 
Sabrina glared at her. 
However, she had to admit that she was surprised last night. She was even delighted. 
After confirming that they were heading to Jetroina, Sasha stopped worrying and prepared to return to Avenport. 
“Sure, you may leave with them. Just remember to let your kids call me more often once you get back there.” Jonathan didn’t force her to stay either. 
Sasha was packing her stuff when Janice entered her room. “Sasha, can’t you extend your stay for another two more days? I need you to help look at the accounts for The Ataraxy. They’ve started some businesses lately.” 
“Really?” 
Janice nodded and showed her the ledger. “Yes. I guess they had enough of your rule. They couldn’t live with a reduced monthly allowance of a hundred thousand, so they’ve started other ways to bring in money.”
“What are they up to?” 
Sasha was glad these parasites were forced to find other ways to make more money because of her. 
She flipped open the ledger. 
Jade Court, Charles’ residence, was on the first page, and it was about Jocelyn. There was nothing unusual about it. The Elk Court was on the second page, which was Connor’s residence. His wife, Shirley, had opened a hotel. 
“A hotel? Is she capable of managing one?” 
“I heard her brother is a chef. She borrowed half a million from me as startup capital. I still have the receipt.” 
Janice then took out the receipt that was proof of her loan to Shirley. 
Sasha took a glance at it. 
She wouldn’t mind spending this money to start up a business. However, she was concerned if there was a return. Can it bring profit? 
Sasha continued flipping through the ledger. 
The hotel’s business had been booming for the past six months. Not only did Shirley return the money she borrowed from Janice, but she also stopped getting the monthly allowance. 
I guess Shirley does have some talent in this. 
Sasha smiled. “I think Shirley is the one with actual talent in The Ataraxy.”
Janice nodded. “I agree. There ain’t anything interesting in the other two families. Shirley wants to expand her business, and she’s asking for more.” 
“How much?” 
“Two million.” Janice raised two fingers carefully. 
Two million? 
Sasha raised her eyebrows. “There’s no need for a loan. Give her the money and tell her Oceanic Estate is investing in her hotel. In return, she has to share her profit with Oceanic Estate.” 
“What?” Janice was shocked. 
She had never thought of this possibility. 
Isn’t this unethical? How could we force her to share her profits with us? Aren’t we taking advantage of her business if we do this? 
Coming from a noble family, Janice was rendered speechless by Sasha’s suggestion. 
However, it was normal practice in the business world. There was no such thing as a free meal. Why would one lend out money to help a business grow without expecting a result? It was no charity work. 
Jocelyn was pissed to hear this when she was helping out in the hotel. 
“How did that idiot suddenly get so smart? She didn’t even think of this when she loaned half a million to us last time.” 
“I heard Sasha’s back,” someone reminded.
All of a sudden, a deathly stillness came over the hotel. Everyone was pissed and terrified, but no one dared to say a thing. 
They were all afraid of Sasha’s presence as she was the one who caused The Ataraxy to sink this low. 
“Shirley, what’s your plan?” 
Jocelyn stared at her sister-in-law. 
Shirley remained silent for more than a minute before saying with a neutral expression, “There’s no such thing as a free lunch. We were lucky with Janice, and now that Sasha is back, we shouldn’t think that we can still take advantage of them.” 
“But-” 
“That’s enough. Let’s return to our work. Now that our hotel is doing well, you will still get what you earn,” said Shirley with a stern expression before walking away. 
Everyone in the hotel was left dumbfounded even after a long while.
###Chapter 1072
Chapter 1072
Why did Mdm. Shirley accept the deal? She isn’t one to share. 
Everyone, especially Jocelyn, still found it hard to believe. 
However, it became a reality that no one else could change when Janice bought Sasha to the hotel that afternoon. They presented a shareholder agreement for Shirley to sign, and the latter readily agreed to it. 
“Aunt Shirley, I’m glad to see you this decisive. If the hotel needs more funding in the future, you can just get it from Oceanic Estate. Like I said before, Oceanic Estate will fully support the Jadesons in starting a business.” Shirley was in a great mood when the agreement was signed. 
“I have you to thank for, Sasha.” 
“You’re welcome. Anyway, can you give us a tour of the hotel? I’m returning to Avenport tomorrow, and I’d love to see the business of the first female entrepreneur in the Jadesons. I heard that it’s luxurious inside,” Sasha suggested with a smile. 
Before Shirley could respond, Jocelyn immediately smiled smugly. “Of course. It’s our business after all. We deliberately set up our hotel near the Dragon Valley.” 
“Dragon Valley?” Sasha was stunned upon hearing this. 
She knew the Whites used the location to host foreign guests. Oceanic Estate, Dragon Valley, Englepar Bay, and East Gateway were the four reception locations to host foreign guests in the country. 
Oceanic Estate belonged to Jonathan. 
Englepar Bay was on an island. East Gateway was too near to the busy side of the city, and not that safe.
Thus, Dragon Valley was the main reception spot right now for foreign guests. Where did she get the idea to set up a hotel in that location? 
Sasha’s gaze fell on Shirley. 
“S-Sasha, please don’t misunderstand me. I… I opened the hotel using Jonathan’s name. You know, Dragon Valley is full of foreign guests, and it’s a fantastic location to do business. I wanted to give it a try, but it’s difficult to get in. That’s why I used Jonathan’s name. C-Can you not tell him?” Shirley panicked. 
She immediately stood up and made herself clear, knowing that she shouldn’t be hiding anything from Sasha. She even pleaded with the latter to not tell Jonathan about this. 
Sasha narrowed her eyes. 
Is that so? 
She nonchalantly tapped away on the table in front of her. The atmosphere in the hotel instantly became suffocating within minutes. 
“Sure. I won’t tell as long as your business does great,” said Sasha. 
Her tone was still gentle, and she was smiling faintly as if she wasn’t bothered by what she had just learned. 
Jocelyn heaved a sigh of relief. 
Shirley also loosened her clenched fist. 
Ten minutes later, after they walked out of the hotel, Janice couldn’t help but ask, “Sasha, are you really not telling Jonathan?”
Sasha nodded. “There’s no need to let him know. It’s just a trivial matter. Just find someone to keep an eye on Dragon Valley.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“There’s no way she’d be using Jonathan’s name to start a business in Dragon Valley. He even hid in Heron Hill to avoid suspicion back then. I don’t think she’d be that fearless to use his names,” Sasha sneered as her gaze turned cold. 
Janice gasped upon hearing that. 
She was staring at Sasha as chills ran down her spine. 
They’ve deceived me again. The Ataraxy is full of scum. All they know is to create trouble wherever they go. 
Janice was trembling in anger. 
Later that night, Sasha was in her room on a video call with Sebastian as she didn’t get to return to Avenport. 
“Sebby, guess what I discovered today?” 
“What?” Sebastian was changing his clothes in the bedroom. 
His clothes were somehow dripping wet, and his hair was wet too. It was as if he was drenched in rain. 
Rain? 
Sasha forgot her reply as she asked with concern, “What happened to you? Why are you drenched? Did you forget the umbrella?”
“It’s not like that. Vivian did this to me!” 
“What?” 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
Vivi? No way. She’s already eight years old. It makes little sense that she still needs her daddy to bathe her. Is she throwing a tantrum again?
###Chapter 1073
Chapter 1073
Sasha who knew her daughter very well, started connecting the dots. “What’s wrong? Why did she suddenly ask you to bathe her?” she asked anxiously. 
“Um… The parent-teacher conference didn’t go well,” that man spat out those words stiffly through gritted teeth. He seemed to be a little frustrated in the video call. 
Sasha fell silent as many possibilities of what might have happened ran through her mind. 
Then, she turned away to suppress her laughter. 
Forget it, let’s drop the topic. Otherwise, I’ll land myself in hot soup too. 
Sasha switched to an earlier subject, “Connor’s wife opened a hotel in Dragon Valley.” 
“Dragon Valley?” He was surprised. 
Sasha nodded. “Yup. I’ve been there. It’s not a bad location, quite near to the State Guesthouse.” 
“When did she get into the White House social circle?” 
Wow, one can’t be more direct than that! 
Annoyance laced his icy tone. Sasha could sense the hostility portrayed in his expression over the phone. 
She shrugged her shoulders. “I’m not sure. Do you want to investigate further?” 
“No need!” Sebastian rejected the idea immediately. 
He picked up the phone and sat down in front of the camera without buttoning up his shirt. “You don’t have to do anything. Just come back tomorrow, and I’ll handle this matter.”
The last line sounded like a command. 
Nothing is more important than her safety. 
Sasha hung up the call. 
That night, a platoon appeared unannounced at Shirley’s newly opened hotel. Within half an hour, more than ten pounds of drugs were seized. 
The fierce knocking on the door woke Shirley up. 
Fearfully, she went to answer the door. As soon as she opened it, a group of people rushed in at once and landed a kick on her chest. 
“Restrain her and bring her to Old Mr. Jadeson!” 
It was Mark. His bloodshot eyes were staring at Shirley with a malicious intent. 
Upon being kicked, Shirley was shocked to her wits and fainted right away. 
Two hours later around midnight, the news about the hotel being ransacked got to a man in a suburb bistro. Standing behind the curtain, he was so furious that he flipped the table in front of his bed. 
“I thought things were going really well? Why did something like this happen all of a sudden?” 
“Um… The granddaughter-in-law of Jonathan came by unexpectedly. During the day, she went looking for Shirley with the woman from Gossamer Creek. Who knew that fool gave it away…” a man in black reported while kneeling before the curtain. This time, his fingers were fine, and he did not seem frail and feeble. 
“Granddaughter-in-law? Are you referring to the woman who couldn’t save Baylor?”
“Yes!” The silhouette bowed even lower. 
Shadows like them did not deserve a chance to introduce their names to the master, except for Baylor. 
The man behind the curtain let out a devilish cackle. In a pitch dark environment, his voice was exceptionally terrifying, giving others goosebumps. 
“How annoying! Fine. Jonathan has been trying so hard to drive people around him away. Now, we do have one offering herself voluntarily. So, we shall accept her with open arms. Take her as an appetizer.” 
“Master, you mean…” 
“Get rid of her.” the man instructed placidly. 
Upon hearing that, the shadow was taken aback and momentarily went against the rule by lifting his head. “Master, you…” 
Bang! A crisp gunshot was heard. 
Before he could finish his sentence, a bullet was sent right into his collarbone. Still kneeling down on the floor, he cupped his wound to stop the blood from gushing out and collapsed on the floor. 
“Are you disobeying me?” 
“No… No… I’m just trying to remind you that Sebastian isn’t aware of us, Master. But… if we kill his wife, he… he may launch a crazy attack back at us…” The shadow curled into a fetal position, lying in a pool of blood. Yet, he endured the excruciating pain felt in order to give his master an answer. 
Sebastian Hayes. Indeed, he’s our number one enemy. Hence, it’s best not to offend him wherever possible.
The man behind the curtain clenched his jaw as he was rendered speechless. 
“Leave!” His angry bark rang through the room which was filled with a pungent stench of blood. 
Subsequently, the shadow dragged his injured body out, one step at a time. Shortly after, his master left the place too. 
The night then returned to its tranquil atmosphere. 
As for the hotel situated in Dragon Valley, it was reduced to ashes by a blazing fire after being raided by Mark and his troop. 
However, nobody knew that Sasha was taken away by a helicopter way before Mark made a move. 
When Sasha woke up the next morning, she found herself on the bed at Frontier Bay. 
Splendid!
###Chapter 1074
Chapter 1074
“Have you interrogated thoroughly?” 
“Yes. The woman mentioned that the person who was willing to help her set up a hotel in Dragon Valley only promised to introduce some clients from the State Guesthouse to her,” Mark reported his findings after an intense investigation that lasted through an entire night. 
Oceanic Estate was brightly lit, especially the study on the first floor. The air was filled with a strong sense of bloodlust. 
Standing still in front of the menacing Old Mr. Jadeson, Mark was waiting quietly for his response. 
This woman probably won’t be able to live long. 
“In other words, she’s been used?” 
“Yes, she didn’t know that the person approached her with a hidden agenda in mind. They were scheming to persecute the Jadesons with a drug-related crime. In fact, her husband, Connor, died because of this. Thankfully, you shot him dead back then. Otherwise, it would have affected the name of the Jadeson family adversely.” As Jonathan’s trusted aide for years, Mark understood him very well. 
Jonathan’s face turned extremely sullen. In the end, he hit the desk harshly, to the extent that it was almost smashed to pieces. 
He expected the outcome. 
If this incident leaks out, the Jadesons will suffer yet another blow. At the very least, it will hurt our reputation. What a brainless b***h! 
Jonathan’s eyes turned ferocious. “Take care of her, and don’t let anyone find out about this.”
“Duly noted.” 
Mark was not a tad bit surprised to hear that decision. However, a dark cloud was hanging above him. “What about her child and Mr. Jared?” 
“You go and tell him that I won’t hesitate to destroy all of them if I hear anything about them acting with impunity. I won’t give in even if it concerns the child.” Hardening his heart, Jonathan was resolute. 
His gaze turned murderous with a strong intent to get rid of anyone who was in his way. The cruel reality left him with no other option. He had given all that he could, toiling for the family his whole life. In the end, he had no more mercy for them. 
Mark left as soon as the conversation ended. 
Those who were anxiously waiting for updates at The Ataraxy were completely stunned when they heard the final decision, including Jared. 
Ever since Candice was sent away, Shirley was the only one who was relatively capable in the household. 
With this nightmare befalling her, what’s left at The Ataraxy? 
Jared had lost his last strand of hope. 
Upon leaving The Ataraxy, Mark called Janice as he wanted her to clean up the mess for Shirley. However, when the line was connected, he realized that the one who answered was not Janice. 
“Hi, Mr. Steward. I’m Kingston. My mom has fallen ill.” 
“She’s sick?” Mark was astonished to hear that.
Kingston quickly explained, “Yes, she’s been sick since her return yesterday. She even mumbled in her sleep, and kept calling Aunt Shirley’s name.” 
Mark was speechless. It seems like she was petrified by what happened to Shirley. Anyhow, as a stay- at-home mother, it’s normal for her to feel that way. Moreover, she has just taken over Oceanic Estate from Sasha. It’s only natural that she would be horror-stricken upon making such a huge mistake. 
Mark did not suspect anything further and left for Oceanic Estate. 
Everything calmed down by the next morning. Not one word about the incident was ever discussed in Jadeborough. 
Meanwhile in Terrandya, Jetroina, Haruto arranged for Sabrina to stay in his hospital. 
Besides being accompanied by Devin, Solomon who had been hospitalized for exactly half a year, was also present. 
“See? This is the consequence of you insisting on me keeping her baby. Look what happens now!” Haruto complained as soon as he finished examining Sabrina in the consultation room. 
Devin was indifferent whereas Solomon felt slightly uneasy at that remark. Sitting on the wheelchair, Solomon turned and looked away. 
Sabrina felt rather awkward. 
While she was still in Turlen, she had actually decided to undergo an abortion. 
However, when she was in the operating theater, a doctor informed her that Solomon’s attending physician from Jetroina would be seeing her soon. He had to check her condition before Sabrina could decide whether to donate her bone marrow.
Sabrina considered it and waited for the doctor to do a thorough check on her. To her disbelief, she was told that she could keep the baby. 
When asked if she wanted to carry on with the abortion, her mind went blank. 
It turns out that everything that has happened in the past was a controlled arrangement by this scumbag! 
“Don’t blame him, Dr. Shoki. I must thank you all for keeping my baby. I trust your skills, and I’m sure that you can definitely bring him to this world safely.” Devin’s words relieved the tension in the room. 
First, he thanked the doctor, and followed by an expression of gratitude toward Solomon. Then, he ended with a plea to the doctor.
###Chapter 1075
Chapter 1075
Indeed, Devin had all the reasons in the world to thank Solomon, who traveled all the way to Turlen to knock some sense into him despite being sick. 
If Solomon did not tell Devin the truth and give him that very punch he deserved, he might still be treading down the wrong path. 
Therefore, Devin was thankful for his brother-in-law. 
Solomon was already feeling very uncomfortable upon being exposed by his dear friend. With all eyes staring at him, he started to fidget nervously. 
“That’s enough. Go ahead and save the patient. Stop spewing nonsense.” 
Moments later, Haruto said, “All right, let me do what I can. However, I must inform you in advance that if you want the child, it’s a must for her to stay in this hospital for the rest of her pregnancy. She can’t leave at all.” He pointed at Sabrina, who was lying down on the bed. 
Sabrina widened her eyes and asked, “Not even one step out?” 
Haruto stated firmly, “Absolutely not! Henceforth, you’ll be put on a drip daily. Since there’s no way for your body to guarantee the baby’s healthy growth, we can only depend on external help. Do you understand me?” 
Sabrina kept quiet. 
No, I don’t want to understand any word you’ve just said. 
It would be an extremely challenging thing for a person with her personality to be restrained in the hospital for months.
Once the doctor said so, the two men started guarding her room as if they were supervising a criminal. They were determined not to leave her alone for even a second. 
Solomon was not there personally. He sent his subordinate to relieve Devin when the latter was away for lunch or to run errands. 
Darn it! 
Time crawled by so slowly for Sabrina. Every single day was nothing but mere boredom. 
The only consolation she had was the cool video games Devin had installed for her in the ward. Though he was not a fan, he was willing to play with her. 
“Do you actually know how to play games?” 
“What’s so difficult? I just need to learn it.” 
Replacing his military uniform with a plain white t-shirt and a sky blue shirt, he looked just like a guy next door. His towering figure and suave look were still as charming as ever. 
When he approached Sabrina, his manly pheromones made her heart skip a beat. 
“I’ll help you put on the anti-radiation clothing first. They say that game machines emit radiation. We’ll start playing once you wear this.” 
Before giving her the joystick, Devin carefully helped her put on the anti-radiation clothing which he had specially purchased from a maternity shop. 
Sabrina obliged obediently. 
She wanted to tell him that low-voltage electronics like the video games he bought could never give off any radiation. She also wanted to diss him that she only had her eyes on high-end games instead of
child’s play. 
However, when that man sat down on the mat and locked eyes with her, she indulged in his doting gaze and followed whatever he said. 
That’s adoration, right? Sabrina thought. 
After playing for half an hour, they stopped when Devin received a phone call. Subsequently, he ordered a fruit platter for her and off he went with his phone. 
Feeling bored, Sabrina snacked on fruits while browsing her phone. 
There was a WhatsApp message from Sasha. “Sab, how’s the check-up? What did Haruto say?” 
Feeling good about it, Sabrina replied immediately. “It went well, but I’m supposed to be hospitalized until I give birth. This is frustrating!” 
“Haha. Why is that so? Just take it as a staycation. After all, Devin is by your side. Let him make it up to you by spending some quality time together.” 
Sabrina did not reply the last message. 
Her face flushed as she became upset. 
Why do I need his company? 
Sabrina continued enjoying her fruits while subconsciously casting glances at the door. 
What’s taking him so long to answer a phone call?
Displeased, she was not aware that she had started to pay more attention to little things like that and even let it affect her emotions despite denying it. 
After waiting for another ten minutes, Devin finally returned to the room. 
Instead of greeting her, he instantly headed to the wardrobe to get his bag. Then, he whipped out another phone. 
He has two phones? 
She took a big bite on the apple with displeasure while continue watching his shenanigans. 
After fishing out the phone, he worked on it for a brief moment and came back to Sabrina. 
“Right, where did we stop?” 
“I’m done playing!” 
Sabrina chucked the apple aside and got up from the mat, leaving Devin totally baffled. 
Done playing? I thought the game has just begun? 
Although he was clueless, he just followed suit and put away everything. 
“Sabrina, what would you like to have for lunch? I’ll cook it for you.” He was getting ready to make her a meal.
###Chapter 1076
Chapter 1076
“Do you know how to cook?” Sabrina was surprised. 
“Oh yes. It’s not that difficult.” Sabrina cast another gaze at Devin. She never expected him to be an all- rounder who had good culinary skills. 
Most of her male acquaintances were either born with a silver spoon or came from a high and lofty family. These guys lived a worry-free life, and they had been pampered since young in every way possible. Her brother, Sebastian, was a typical example of such men. 
To her disbelief, she discovered that the rightful heir of the Jadesons, Jonathan’s eldest grandson actually knew how to cook! 
Intrigued, she agreed to have lunch with him. Thus, Devin left the hospital to do grocery shopping. 
Shortly after, a man in black wearing sunglasses appeared to guard the entrance to Sabrina’s room. 
She felt so frustrated by the strict supervision. 
This is crazy! 
Left with no alternative, she could only watch television while waiting for Devin to return. 
Supposedly, there was no room for personal utility space in the hospital. Due to Solomon’s connection, the current ward that they were occupying had almost become their private residential area. It was fully equipped with kitchen utensils as well as other daily amenities. 
Their days at the hospital were more like a relaxing staycation than anything else. 
That afternoon, Sabrina had the honor of tasting a meal cooked by the famous Devin Jadeson. She was utterly amazed at his terrific skills because his food tasted better than Sasha’s.
Nay… Sasha’s nothing compared to Devin’s cooking. Only the foolish Sebastian is impressed at her mediocre work. 
“Shall I invite your brother over to join us since I’ve made quite a bit for lunch?” 
“Huh?” Sabrina’s hand hung mid-air when the question came like a bolt from the blue. 
Invite that useless man over? Fine, Devin can call whoever he likes. After all, there are loads of food here. I doubt we could both finish it. 
Reluctantly, Sabrina acquiesced in his decision. 
Devin chuckled when he saw the odd expression on her face. Upon washing his hands, he went out of the ward. Moments later, Devin returned with another man. Though the latter was also dressed in a patient’s attire, he looked refreshed and well. 
“Sabrina, Solomon is here. Please bring him a plate and cutleries.” 
Without exchanging greetings nor saying a word, the pregnant Sabrina glanced at the two fellows before picking up a plate and cutleries for the guest. 
Then, they started enjoying a meal together. 
Initially, Devin wanted to have some wine. He was grateful for the help he had received thus far. However, Solomon rejected the idea. 
“No, she can’t have a drop yet. If you want to have something to drink, I’ll have some of this with you.” He grinned while pointing at a carton of milk near Sabrina’s bed. 
Those were gifted by a visitor a few days ago.
Subsequently, Devin went to get a bottle each for the man as well as the woman who had been looking at him with puppy eyes. 
“Here you go.” 
“Thanks”. A smug settled upon Sabrina’s face. She had a sip and then continued eating her lunch. 
Her emotions and behavior seem completely different when she’s pregnant. Sometimes, she can be quite childish. 
After a hearty meal, Sabrina made herself cozy under the sheets and snoozed away. The mother-to-be spent most of her time sleeping. 
The two men continued polishing off their food. 
Devin asked, “How’s your recovery? I see that you’re in a wheelchair most of the time. You didn’t have a big appetite either. Are things not looking good?” 
Devin noticed that he actually ate very little even though he appeared to be moving his utensils a lot. He hardly touched anything on his plate. 
Devin could not help but frown and feel sorry for him. He was worried. 
“It’s not that,” the handsome man answered indifferently. “I’ve not entered the recovery stage, so I have to refrain from stuffing my face. In addition, the bone marrow hasn’t reached its optimum function to produce blood cells effectively. Hence, I still feel weak and feeble.” 
“Oh, is that so?” 
“Yes, so it’s easier to move around in a wheelchair. I surely don’t want to collapse suddenly when I can’t walk. That will be too embarrassing,” explained Solomon as he teased himself.
Seeing how placid and casual he was when talking about his health condition, guilt crept up on Devin. He felt responsible for what had become of Solomon. 
He traveled all the way from Clear to Turlen for me, even though he was extremely sick. He braved the long haul just to knock some sense into me. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be like this. At the very least, Sasha would be in Clear, and she would have a plan ready to heal him. With that, there’s no need for him to be enduring the pain and staying in this hospital for half a year. 
“By the way, I saw that you were spending quite some time engaging in phone calls this morning. From your expression at that time, things don’t seem good. Did anything happen back home?” 
Right when Devin was still engulfed in his guilty conscience, Solomon threw a question at him. The latter gazed at him through his thin glasses frame. 
Devin was taken aback. “You saw me?” 
“I passed by coincidentally when I was on my way to get the IV drip. Did something bad happen?” Solomon pursued the matter persistently.
###Chapter 1077
Chapter 1077
“I’m not sure, but an aunt in the family died a few nights ago.” Devin frowned. 
“Died? Do you want to go back then?” Solomon asked in surprise. 
“No, it’s my Grandpa’s daughter-in-law so they will deal with their own family affairs. And it has been a few days, anyway. It’s not a big deal.” Devin shook his head and explained succinctly. 
Solomon was relieved. He picked up the milk in front of him before drinking it all in one go. 
“Then I’ll go back first if there’s nothing else. Let’s do the treatment later.” 
“Okay. Do you want me to send you?” 
“No.” Solomon waved him off before pushing his wheelchair out of the ward promptly. 
It was really strange for them to get along like this. They were very incongruous with each other the last time they met, but the air between them was friendlier this time. They were like family. 
Devin also got up and cleaned up the plates and cutleries. 
Good news finally came for the pregnant Sabrina a week later as the fetus began to grow rapidly. 
Devin was very happy when he heard it. “Now that we can see the child, should I call home and let them start preparing the nursery?” 
The man in his thirties was excited, like a child. 
Sabrina was so thrilled that her face flushed. She then lowered her head and stroked her belly before humming in assent.
“Okay, I’ll call Grandpa at once. By the way, Darling, how do we decorate the nursery? Is it for a boy or a girl?” 
There was a buzzing sound in Sabrina’s mind as it went blank. 
Did he just call me… Darling? 
Sabrina couldn’t hear anything else as her mind was filled with a surging heat that almost drowned her own sense. 
It was happiness. 
Devin couldn’t wait for her to answer, so he took out his smartphone and called Jonathan. 
His voice was incoherent as he said vaguely about what he wanted. In summary, he wanted two nurseries: one for boys and the other for girls. 
Silly guy. Sabrina looked at her stomach with a radiant smile. 
Sabrina discovered during the next three days that the man was starting to turn into a super dad. Since she couldn’t get out of the ward, Devin would go out and buy a bunch of stuff every day. 
He bought all kinds of baby products, including baby clothes. 
And the items he purchased almost filled the entire ward. 
Sabrina decided to give Devin a stern lecture once he returned when she saw that the bottles brought by the deliveryman could last for at least a dozen years. 
Being rich was not an excuse to just throw money away.
Sabrina waited all day long till the sun set today, but the man who usually returned early was nowhere to be seen. 
What’s going on? Has he been so addicted to shopping that he forgot to come back? His phone signal is busy, too. 
Sabrina was a little angry and she went to open the door. 
“Ms. Sabrina, you can’t go out.” 
Outside the ward was a man in black Solomon had hired and he politely stopped Sabrina when he saw her going out. 
Sabrina stomped her feet angrily. “I’m not trying to run, you can rest assured. I just want to look for the stinky man. Why is he not coming back yet? It’s dark already.” 
The man looked at his wristwatch before his expression relaxed. 
“Okay, Ms. Sabrina. I’ll go and look for him. But let’s wait for Mr. Akiyama to come over first.” 
Sabrina was infuriated. 
But they still waited for Solomon to arrive, and the man immediately went to look for Devin once he did. 
Sabrina glared at the man in the wheelchair outside and her bad mood continued to rise for a moment. 
“You don’t have to glare at me like that. I won’t really stop you if you insist on going out, but you should know what will happen if he comes back and heard something had happened to his child again, right?” 
Five seconds passed.
“Scum!” the woman swore while staring at Solomon. Then she turned around and closed the door with a loud bang. 
This was how their interactions went so far. 
Their relationship should have improved after their experience. He almost got killed trying to save her while she nearly lost her child to save him. 
Curiously, it didn’t. 
The two still looked at each other with displeased expressions and were hostile toward each other when they met again. 
Fortunately, the man in black didn’t take too long and soon returned with Devin in tow. The two came in from the entrance and Solomon heard their footsteps before turning to look. 
Where’s the stuff? Didn’t he return late because he was busy buying baby products? Solomon stared at Devin’s empty hands and his eyes behind the thin glasses narrowed.
###Chapter 1078
Chapter 1078
Devin walked over to Solomon. 
“Sorry, I’m late. Is she all right?” His expression changed slightly when he saw Solomon outside the ward. 
But his expression soon turned normal, and he put his smartphone back in his trouser pocket. Then he went over to Solomon and explained apologetically. 
Solomon’s expression was faint the entire time. 
“Remember to call her and inform her if you’re coming back late so that she won’t worry.” Solomon reminded Devin after glancing at the closed door. 
“I know. My phone is out of power just now. I’ll go and explain to her. I’ll go in first if there’s nothing else.” Devin nodded hurriedly. 
“Yeah,” Solomon replied. 
Solomon pushed the wheelchair on his own and turned around a few minutes after Devin entered the ward. 
“Where did you find him?” 
“Not far from here, in a mall about three miles away,” the man replied respectfully while pushing the wheelchair for him. 
Just three miles away? So why did he come back so late? Also, why didn’t he go straight back if his mobile phone is really out of battery since he knows that Sabrina, who has a temper, is waiting for him? Solomon’s expression worsened the more he thought about it.
He returned to the ward and dialed a number after a while. “Hey, it’s me, Solomon. Are you free nowadays? If you are, make a trip to Jadeborough for me.” 
The person on the other end of the phone call replied neatly, “Okay, Mr. George.” 
Solomon then ended the phone call. 
He was not interested in the Jadesons’ affairs, but the woman was now married to a member of that family and will soon give birth to a child. 
He must make sure she was perfectly safe. 
Solomon then waited for some news from Jadeborough. 
Sabrina had noticed that Devin was a bit unusual, just as Solomon did that. 
He often looked at his phone and he kept getting distracted when chatting with her. She had to call him several times before he would respond. 
What’s wrong with him? Why is he so absent-minded? Sabrina was a little upset at first. 
“What’s wrong with you? I asked you a question several times, but you didn’t answer.” 
Sabrina wanted to ask him to call a nurse over to remove the IV needle because it was already empty. 
She called him twice, but the man just stood by the window while tapping on his smartphone and didn’t respond. 
“Huh?” Her question fell flat. 
The man finally reacted and withdrew his attention from his smartphone.
He looked in her direction before hastily putting his smartphone away and going over to her. 
“What’s wrong? Are you uncomfortable somewhere?” 
Sabrina reached out and pulled on the IV roughly after several seconds of enduring her annoyance. She then glared at him. “What’s wrong with you? If you don’t want to stay here, then go. I won’t stop you.” 
“Huh?” Devin immediately became anxious. 
“No, how can I not want to stay here? It’s because I didn’t answer when you call just now, right? I’m sorry, I was handling something from work.” 
“Work?” Sabrina’s anger promptly fizzled out. 
“Yeah, some military affairs. There are still things to be handled, even though Grandpa had taken some time off for me. Don’t be angry, I will pay attention next time.” Devin nodded before answering. 
His explanation was detailed and his tone was even softer than before. 
Sabrina’s anger died out completely. 
A large reason for her anger was her insecurity. It was hard for her to get together with this man and there were a lot of struggles to get here so sometimes she would wonder if this was all a dream when she looked at him. 
It turned out I’m blaming him for no reason again. Sabrina lowered her head guiltily and her hands tightly grabbed on the quilt. 
Devin didn’t know her thoughts, but he was relieved when he saw that she was no longer bitter.
“It’s time to remove the IV, right? Wait, I’ll call the nurse now.” He then got up to do just that. 
Sabrina was speechless as she watched him walk out. She got so annoyed that she covered herself entirely with the quilt. 
I really need to change my bad temper! 
Both of them were in an amicable mood for the next few days after this episode, and their interactions were also restored to the warm and relaxed manner they had previously. 
Sasha, who was in Avenport, was delighted when she heard that they were getting along well. 
“Sebby, do you want to hold a wedding for Sabrina after she gives birth now that their relationship has improved? We still have all the things prepared for the marriage last time.” 
Sasha was quite concerned about this, as she was the lady of the Hayes family. 
Sebastian was sitting at his desk and dealing with his work emails when she suddenly mentioned this. His gaze left the computer screen before landing on her. 
“Are those not for us?” 
This man is really… Sasha didn’t know what to say to this man for a moment.
###Chapter 1079
Chapter 1079
“Mr. Hayes, shouldn’t you pay more attention if you want to gift your wife with a grand wedding? Of course, the booked wedding banquet and dowry are all used for your eldest sister’s marriage. Do you want to marry off your wife?” 
“Oh…” Sebastian finally stopped talking. 
He then calmly continued to immerse himself in work with a noble and cold expression after moving his sight away from her. 
Sasha wanted to laugh and ask the man what he had arranged after the baby was delivered, but Karl suddenly knocked on the door. 
“Mr. Hayes. Oh, Madam is here too?” His words clearly halted when he saw Sasha in the room. 
Sasha was very perceptive, so she immediately picked up the stack of papers containing the business plan when she saw Karl’s actions. “You guys continue. I’ll go down first and start the meeting.” 
She then withdrew from the president’s office and left the space for the two men. 
She never thought that the two would discuss something she had no knowledge about just after she left. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve finished the investigation. This woman, Shirley, had never appeared again after the incident at Dragon Valley. And it doesn’t look like Old Mr. Jadeson had made any order about this either.” 
“Why?” Sebastian’s face turned darker and his expression colder when he heard this as he sat at his desk.
Karl shook his head. “I don’t know. I stayed near the Oceanic Estate for two days and didn’t find anything. But I did see Mark leaving Jadeborough.” 
“Where did he go?” 
“Yaleview!” Karl gave him a definite answer this time. 
Sebastian was slightly surprised after hearing this. 
Yaleview? What is this man doing there? 
He didn’t have any inkling because, as he recalled, Jonathan had told him that even Devin had stopped interfering in the arms smuggling case. 
Then why did he suddenly go to Yaleview? Sebastian frowned. 
“Mr. Hayes, do you want me to go to Yaleview and investigate?” 
“There’s no need.” Sebastian thought for a few moments before refusing. 
Karl’s eyes widened in surprise. “No? Do you know something, Mr. Hayes?” 
“What else? Isn’t this just their little trick?” Sebastian’s tone turned disdainful. 
Karl fell silent. He thought that Jonathan would naturally not be able to guess what he couldn’t. Otherwise, the old man wouldn’t just let Mark go to Yaleview unhindered. 
Well, all of these struggles had a cause and the dark cloud would naturally shroud the core of this matter. 
And the core of the Jadesons was in Jadeborough. The main forces of the enemy would certainly gather there if they wanted to completely destroy it. As a result, they were facing imminent danger after
the matter with Shirley was revealed. 
The best way for these people to survive was to divert the Jadesons’ attention somewhere else. 
Karl was covered with cold sweat. He really didn’t want to discuss this with Sebastian. 
This man would think he was an idiot every time he did, and his words were insinuating that Karl’s brain was equivalent to a decoration item. 
“Well… Where am I going next if I’m not going to Yaleview?” 
“Go to Jadeborough and investigate the man close to Shirley thoroughly!” 
Sebastian indifferently gave him another order. 
Jadeborough? Did I hear that wrong? Karl was once again surprised. 
That man promptly burned the hotel and disappeared right after Shirley was exposed. 
Even Old Mr. Jadeson didn’t have any clue what happened and Mr. Hayes actually asked me to investigate this? 
Karl swallowed his saliva, and he heard himself speak after a long while. “Mr. Hayes, it’s not that I don’t want to go. But this person is obviously from the White House. It won’t be easy to investigate if he’s fully prepared.” 
“Are you brainless? Who told you to investigate it directly?” 
“Isn’t there still that fool, Jocelyn? She would naturally lead the way for you if you remit two million to her account anonymously.”
Karl was stunned speechless for around five seconds. 
He never thought of this. 
Sebastian meant that after receiving the money remitted into her account, Jocelyn would definitely be in a mess as she thought of what happened to Shirley. 
By that time, those people who were watching them in the dark would not let her off. 
They would think that she was working together with Shirley at the hotel and might have known something about them or seen something. 
When the time came, the opportunity would just fall into his lap without him having to do much else. 
That’s amazing! 
“What? Is there any problem?” 
“No… Nothing, sir. I’ll leave first if there’s nothing else, Mr. Hayes.” Karl didn’t want to say anything at all and he hurriedly left after that. 
Jonathan, who was in Jadeborough, had no idea what had just transpired here. He didn’t even know that Solomon’s people have already arrived there. He had been staying at the Oceanic Estate every day all this while. 
“Dad, the nurseries in Red Pavilion are ready. Both are made accordingly to Devin’s instruction; one for boys and the other for girls.” 
At this time, Janice told Jonathan about the readied nurseries after she came back from the Red Pavilion.
###Chapter 1080
Chapter 1080
After hearing the news, there was finally a smile on Jonathan’s depressed face. 
“That’s good. How are things on his end?” 
“Not too bad. I heard that the baby is growing well. The doctor has mentioned that at this rate, the baby will reach its target weight by the time it is due.” 
Janice answered his question with a smile and proceeded to make coffee for him. 
In fact, she had learned the art of coffee-making from Sasha. Janice noticed Jonathan’s love for coffee, and so she took the effort to learn from Sasha before she left. 
Jonathan did not stop her. 
As she poured the boiling water onto the ground coffee beans, the aroma of coffee filled the air. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, please have some coffee.” 
She lifted up the cup and served the hot drink to him. 
However, at that moment, she felt a jab of pain from her arm, and she nearly dropped the cup of coffee. 
“Leave it. Don’t scald yourself. I can help myself to the coffee,” said Jonathan caringly. 
Janice was taken aback. 
Once she got over the initial shock, she placed the cup down in front of him and bowed her head respectfully. 
The scenery in Jadeborough in the month of April was stunningly beautiful. Spring was in full bloom, and as the red afterglow cast over them, it felt as if the observation tower was covered with a layer of
red lace. 
It was brilliant and magnificent. 
Janice poured herself a cup of coffee and took a sip. 
“I heard Kingston will be graduating soon?” asked Jonathan out of the blue. 
Janice put down her cup and nodded. 
“Yes, he will be graduating in June this year.” 
Jonathan asked again, “Hmm… He’s an intelligent boy. Have you asked him about his plans after graduation?” 
Kingston was one of his favorites among the Jadesons. 
She knew they were not part of his direct bloodline, and he had his own offspring. Not to mention that there were several other children of the same age group in The Ataraxy; hence, his interest in Kingston showed his concern for this family. 
Janice was pleasantly surprised. “What do you suggest, Old Mr. Jadeson?” 
She sought his advice wholeheartedly. 
Jonathan noticed her sincerity. He thought for a while and replied, “I know he studied defense technology, but I won’t want him to join the military. I think it’s better that he studies medicine from Grayson.” 
“What?” 
Janice was dumbfounded.
Study medicine? 
But, the whole point of my son studying in the military academy is to have him join the forces, no? As I recalled, Jonathan was the one who chose this career path for him when he went to college. 
Janice was very confused, and she looked at Jonathan for a long time without saying anything. 
Jonathan got tired of being stared at. He put down his cup and explained, “Your husband is no longer around, and your son is all you have. If he becomes a doctor, the two of you can see each other more often.” 
Janice was speechless. 
It was only after a few seconds that she retracted her gaze. 
As far as she was concerned, being a doctor was no better than being a military officer. Otherwise, there would not be so many people trying to get into that particular military academy. 
Janice was at a loss for words, so in the end, she kept quiet. 
Not long after, the bodyguard captain of Oceanic Estate had arrived as well. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, something has happened at The Ataraxy again.” 
“What happened?” 
Jonathan’s mood changed drastically when he heard that. 
An air of cold ruthlessness exuded from him!
Janice trembled and immediately took her leave. As she was walking away, she heard the bodyguard captain mention someone by the name of Jocelyn. 
Meanwhile, in Terrandya of Jetroina, Sabrina was in a good mood because of the baby. 
Furthermore, he was by her side all the while. 
“Devin, I want to have your roast pork ribs for lunch. Will you make it for me?” 
“Sure,” answered Devin, who was washing her clothes in the bathroom by hand. 
The nurse, who was attending to Sabrina, looked on with envy and commented, “Mrs. Jadeson, your husband treats you so well. Not only does he cook for you, but he washes your clothes by hand too.” 
Sabrina blushed when she heard that. 
“Shouldn’t he be doing all these? After all, I’m pregnant.” 
“Of course not. In Jetroina, not many men will be so caring. Even when we get pregnant, we still have to take care of our husbands’ needs,” explained the nurse. 
It was true. Men like Devin were a rare species, especially when he was the heir of a wealthy and powerful family. 
Even regular guys would not be willing to wash clothes by hand. 
Yet, the man right in front of her was more than willing to do that. In the past, he had fought and killed umpteen enemies with those strong hands of his. Now, he had no qualms in washing her clothes with those same hands.
###Chapter 1081
Chapter 1081
Suddenly, Sabrina felt a sense of contentment. 
After the nurse had inserted the needle into her, she took out her phone with the other hand and sent out a message. 
Sabrina: Sasha, does your man wash your clothes for you? 
There was no response from Sasha. 
She had just woken up from her sleep, and she was still drowsy. One look at the message, and she looked befuddled. 
Sasha: He doesn’t even know how to use the washing machine. Why would I ask him to wash my clothes? 
Sabrina: Silly girl! I’m talking about washing your clothes by hand! Has he done that for you before? 
Once again, Sasha was puzzled and did not respond. 
A long while later, she rubbed her sleepy eyes and turned around to see Sebastian who was still cuddling her tightly. 
“Sebby?” 
“Yes…” 
“Is Sabrina all right? She sent me a message early this morning and asked me if you have ever washed my clothes for me.” 
She mumbled sleepily and snuggled into his embrace like a kitten.
Sebastian was deep asleep. 
He had come back late from the office the night before. The acquisition of the private mines was coming to an end, and to ensure that everything was in order, he waited until he had received the softcopy of the contract from the other party before heading home. 
“What clothes?” asked Sebastian. 
He sounded a little unhappy at being disturbed. Closing his eyes again, he pulled her closer to him. 
Sasha opened her eyes and looked at him. Underneath his lush eyelashes, she could see that his eyes were shut. 
“Didn’t you hear me the first time? Sab asked me if you have ever washed my clothes for me.” 
“Why are we talking about laundry early in the morning? I have always washed your clothes for you. That stupid woman! Ignore her!” 
Sebastian finally lost his temper. 
He smacked his lips on hers to stop her from talking about laundry anymore and threw her phone aside. 
Tat! 
My phone! 
In Terrandya, after not receiving any responses from Sasha anymore, she had no choice but to stop her bragging. 
When Devin was done with the laundry, he went out to buy the ingredients for lunch.
Ring! Ring! 
“Hello?” 
“Commander Shin, bad news! Another of your family members has perished!” 
Just as Devin was about to drive out of the hospital, a call came in and informed him of the bad news. 
His expression took a sudden turn, and he brought the car to an abrupt stop. 
“Who is that?” 
It was only after a long time before he asked the question. 
The caller replied, “It’s your Aunt Jocelyn. Her body was being discovered floating near the pier this morning. Her body is bloated, and that indicates that she has been in the water for quite a while.” 
As the staff was telling him, he sent over pictures of Jocelyn’s corpse at the same time. 
At the sight of the photos, Devin’s grip on the steering wheels tightened. 
He was not upset, of course. 
That aunt of his had always fought with his family, in particular his mother, Jasmine. They used to have arguments every other day. 
As for Charles, he was one of those involved in setting his dad up. Thus, there was no way Devin would feel upset over people like them. 
He was infuriated instead! 
During the period when he was away, this was already the second death in the family.
What’s going on in Jadeborough? 
He had completely lost all of his patience, and after ending the call, he made a phone call to Oceanic Estate. 
Ring! Ring! 
“Who’s this?” 
Finally, someone picked up the call this time around. 
Devin started yelling into the phone, “What are you doing at home? Why didn’t you tell me what has been happening lately? What are you hiding from me?” 
He was so mad that he had lost his manners. 
As his yelling stopped, the other party fell silent. 
That angered Devin even more. “Answer me! Believe it or not. I will buy a flight ticket and come back right now! Say something!” 
“There’s no need for you to come back. Everything is fine at home. It’s just that your Aunt Jocelyn has died unexpectedly.” 
At last, Jonathan spoke. 
Devin continued with his questioning, “How did she die? What exactly is going on? Does this have anything to do with Shirley?” 
“Yes!”
“Why? I thought you have already dealt with Shirley? Why did Jocelyn die so suddenly? Was she involved in the Dragon Valley incident? Is that why she was being murdered?” 
Devin bombarded Jonathan with tons of questions and could not wait to get to the bottom of it all. 
In truth, even Jonathan did not have the answers to some of his questions. 
Take Jocelyn’s death as an example. He had no idea why they had waited so long to kill her off. 
“Yesterday, she had gone out in a hurry and didn’t come back home. When they found her this morning, she was already in the water with wounds on her body.” 
“What kind of wounds?” 
“There’s a clean-cut slit on her neck. She died instantly!” 
Devin was shocked. 
The killer has such incredible skill!
###Chapter 1082
Chapter 1082
Devin was quite astonished. 
However, very soon, Jonathan sent over a photo. When Devin saw the neat cut on her neck, his eyes darkened. 
It’s true. The cut is extremely clean. 
The cut was made near the main artery of the neck. It was a swift and vicious execution. 
Even a commander from the special forces like himself was disturbed by it. 
“Is this done using a scalpel?” 
“That’s right. After the autopsy was done, it has been confirmed that the cut had been caused by a scalpel.” 
Jonathan made no attempt to deny that fact. 
Devin looked even more worried by now. 
“They have already engaged an assassin of this level, and yet you can still tell me that everything is fine in Jadeborough? Are you waiting for them to come and slaughter everyone in Oceanic Estate before telling us?” 
Devin lost his cool and started berating Jonathan. 
Jonathan slammed the table and said, “Are you brainless? I’m the head of the military. If anybody can come and attack us at home, why would I inform any one of you? If I can’t even protect myself, what makes you think all of you can defend me?” 
Devin did not know what to say and eventually, there was no more sound from him.
Truth be told, everything Jonathan said was true. He was so much more powerful and capable compared to the younger generations. 
If their enemies managed to get into Oceanic Estate, then nowhere else would be safe for any of the Jadesons. 
When Devin had gone silent, Jonathan reassured him, “Enough. Let’s drop it. Your wife is about to give birth. You should just stay in Jetroina. Once your child is born, all of you can come back together. Don’t worry too much about anything.” 
After that, Devin hung up the phone. 
However, he did not listen to Jonathan. Instead, he sent out a message on his phone. 
Devin: What is the status of those arms smugglers? Have they been extradited back? 
Henrick: Not yet. It seems that there have been orders from the military department not to extradite them. 
Devin: What did you say? 
His expression changed and nearly called him directly. 
Henrick was his vice-commander when Devin was in Yaleview. For the last six months, Jonathan had told Sebastian that the arms smugglers had ceased their activities. 
In reality, Devin had been investigating all along. 
In fact, that group of smugglers had already been captured by Zarain. All that was needed to be done was to have them extradited. 
Yet, Henrick had told him about the change in plan now.
Devin’s face looked even darker than when he heard about Jocelyn’s death. He looked like he was about to take off and arrest those smugglers by himself. 
No one knew that those arms smugglers were also threatening the Jadesons right now. 
They were like a time bomb, waiting to explode anytime. Once that happened, the Jadesons would be annihilated for good. 
With an uneasy feeling, Devin went to the supermarket. 
After several hours, Sabrina, who had been waiting in the ward, became inpatient after seeing that Devin was not back yet. She walked out of the ward. 
“Ms. Sabrina?” 
“I’m just walking around. It’s fine. Don’t worry,” explained Sabrina calmly. 
The bodyguard let her be. Since the baby had been progressing well recently, there was no need for her to be lying on the bed for the whole day. Some light exercise would do her no harm. 
Sabrina came down to the garden of the hospital. 
Everything was blossoming in the garden, and it all looked very beautiful. 
With one hand supporting her stomach, Sabrina made her way to the entrance of the hospital. 
In actual fact, she had other intentions when she wanted to come downstairs. 
Devin had gone out for so long, and she wanted to see if he was back yet. 
At the same time, she wanted to give him a surprise by greeting him downstairs.
Sabrina stood at the crowded entrance. 
She then noticed a familiar SUV parked on the opposite side of the hospital, and a familiar figure alighted from the car. 
“Look, he’s back already,” she said excitedly to the bodyguard who was standing behind her. 
He smiled. 
Sabrina was even happier and was about to make her way to greet him. 
Instead of coming toward her direction, he walked to the back of the car. After a while, she saw another familiar figure appearing in front of Devin. 
“Who’s that?” 
The bodyguard looked stunned too. 
Before he realized it, Sabrina was already making her way toward the two of them. 
“Ms. Sabrina, slow down. Don’t walk too fast.” Seeing that, the bodyguard had no choice but to follow her.
###Chapter 1083
Chapter 1083
When the two of them arrived, they did not even have a chance to say a word when they saw Waylon plopping down to his knees in front of Devin. 
He pleaded, “Devin, I’m begging you. This is information that Kira obtained by putting her life on the line. Please take a look. Otherwise, we will be receiving horrible news soon.” 
He was Devin’s uncle, and Kira’s father. 
Instantly, Sabrina heard a buzzing sound in her ears and felt a chill down her spine. Her blood drained from her face. 
Losing her composure, she whimpered, “Devin, what are you doing?” 
Devin, staring at the man on his knees, turned around immediately. 
“Sabrina? W-when did you come?” 
“Answer my question! What the hell are you up to?” 
Sabrina was livid. 
Seeing Devin squirm and his uncle kneeling before him, she felt a ball of fury growing in her chest. She was so angry that she was shaking. 
Kira? Why are they talking about her again? I thought she was dead. 
“Sabrina, please calm down. This isn’t what it looks like. He is here because-” 
“Because of what? Tell me!”
Sabrina was trying her hardest to suppress her anger. With tears in her eyes, she glared at Devin, waiting for him to give her a reasonable explanation. 
However, he remained silent. 
Staring intensely at her, his face was pale, and there was a hint of pain concealed in his teary eyes. 
Regardless, he did not give her an answer. 
Instead, he tried to pacify her. “Let’s head back first. Don’t worry. I will never do something to let you down.” 
Despite so, Sabrina did not budge and continued to glare at him. 
She could not describe the emotions she was feeling at that point. It felt like the warmth in her heart had dissipated, and she felt a stab to her chest. 
Her heart was aching, and there were millions of questions in her head. 
Why is he hesitating to tell me what this situation is? What happened between him and that woman? 
Sabrina was escorted back to her room while she was in a daze. 
When she finally regained her senses, Waylon was gone. 
“Sabrina, please take your medicine.” 
Devin sat at the edge of her bed with a glass of warm water in one hand and a few pills in his other hand. 
Hearing his voice, Sabrina turned her attention to him.
Crash! 
Before Devin knew it, she had pushed his hand away, sending the glass and pills onto the ground. 
“Why are you still here? Didn’t your uncle ask for you to visit that woman? Shouldn’t you get going?” She yelled hysterically. 
After all, it was normal for pregnant ladies to get emotional. 
Devin turned pale at once. 
Afraid that she would do something reckless, he quickly held onto her. “Where do you want me to go? She is dead, so where should I go to visit her?” 
Like her emotions were controlled by a switch, Sabrina immediately stopped struggling and allowed her arms to hang limply by her side. 
She is dead? Then, why would her father come here to ask Devin to visit her? 
“He is not asking me to visit his daughter. After Kira did all those things, they were expelled from the Woodses family, and he had run out of options. Therefore, he came to look for me.” 
As though Devin knew what was running through Sabrina’s head, he clarified the situation. 
When he finished, Sabrina stared at him blankly. 
It was an emotional period for her, and in particular, this was a sensitive matter. As soon as she sensed danger, she would bear her spines like a hedgehog,. 
Perhaps, this was her defense mechanism.
It took a while for her to calm down. 
“You could have told me the truth. There was no need to hide it from me. I’m not that petty!” 
“Yes, it was my fault, Darling.” 
Devin swiftly apologized and spoke in an endearing tone. 
With that, Sabrina was no longer mad at him. She obediently took her medicine and drank the soup he cooked for her that afternoon. 
Little did she know that there was guilt in Devin’s eyes when she finally calmed down. 
Two days later, when Sabrina came out from the examination room, Haruto told Devin and Solomon that the baby in her stomach was developing at a normal pace now. 
Everyone was delighted to receive that piece of news. 
“Doctor, when will her delivery date be given her situation then?” 
“You’ve been here for close to a month, so from my calculations, I believe it would be within twenty days from now,” Haruto commented after flipping through Sabrina’s medical charts. 
Within these twenty days? 
Sabrina’s heart was bursting with joy, and she could not wait to see and hold her baby. 
Similarly, Solomon shared the same sentiments. 
On the other hand, a frown replaced the smile on Devin’s face as soon as he heard the predicted date. 
He did not seem happy at all.
“What’s wrong with you? The baby is healthy, so aren’t you happy about that?” 
After they left the room, Solomon decided to ask Devin about his puzzling reaction while wheeling himself out behind him.
###Chapter 1084
Chapter 1084
What? 
Instantly, Devin’s expression changed, and he stopped in his tracks. 
He fervently denied, “What are you talking about? Why won’t I be happy about it?” 
“There’s no need to lie to me. I’m not Sabrina anyway.” Solomon saw through him and unapologetically pointed out the facts. 
It left Devin speechless. 
Staring down at the man in the wheelchair, he finally spoke after some time. “I might have to go back again.” 
“Does this have to do with the Jadesons?” Solomon asked. 
Surprised, Devin blurted, “Do you know what happened?” 
“Nope, but I have noticed how distracted you seem over the last few days, so it wasn’t hard to guess.” Solomon shrugged. 
Instead of telling Devin about the men he sent to Jadeborough to look into the matter, Solomon passed it off as something he picked up from the other man’s behavior. 
Nonetheless, he heard nothing substantial from the people he sent there. The only news he received was the troubles the Jadesons seemed to be facing. 
Two people had passed on. 
“Yes, I do have some problems and have to head back to resolve them. As for Sabrina-”
Solomon interrupted. “How long do you need to be there?” 
At once, Devin’s eyes lit up, and he stated, “I won’t be away for long. It will take about two to three days, and I’ll hurry back.” 
Two to three days? That isn’t too long. 
Letting out a breath of relief, Solomon assured him, “Sure. You don’t have to worry about Sabrina because I will care for her. Go ahead and do what you have to do.” 
Not only did he support Devin’s decision to head home, but he also did so without any terms. 
The tightly knitted brows on Devin’s face finally loosened, and the worry in his eyes had also disappeared. He could finally put aside his concerns now. 
What was there to worry about when Solomon would be there to take care of Sabrina? 
The same day, Devin left the hospital. 
Of course, he did not tell Solomon the truth. Instead of returning to Jadeborough, he booked a helicopter from Jetroina and flew to Zarain as soon as he could. 
At Avenport, Sebastian was pondering over the matter too. 
Ever since Jocelyn died, Karl told him that the person he went up against was a force to be reckoned with. The man had the audacity and skills to murder Jocelyn in front of him. 
Therefore, Sebastian realized that the situation might be grimmer than he thought. 
Karl was a top agent he personally recruited from the foreign forces. 
Yet, the other man was able to kill Jocelyn under his nose.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. I wasn’t a good enough match for him. Things might have turned out differently if Calvin were there.” Karl lowered his head in guilt. 
Calvin? 
Sebastian felt as though he was stabbed in the heart when he heard that name. 
He felt the pain spread through his body, and he could even feel it in his bones. 
It was a name that would haunt him for life. 
“All right. You can put up a bounty for people in the underworld who can identify this man. He must not be an ordinary man since he could kill a person with a scalpel in such a clean way. Offer a handsome amount of money, and I’m sure someone will be willing to dig out all the information we need.” 
If Sebastian was not a president of a company and sitting in an office like this, Karl thought he could pass off as a mafia boss. 
Soon, Karl left the room. 
That afternoon, Sasha was also dealing with the Jadesons’ matters. Funnily, she was not out and about, but she was comforting someone over the phone. 
Janice: Sasha, I can’t do it anymore. If I continue, I might go crazy. 
While having breakfast, Sasha was staring at her phone all morning. 
When the notification of Janice’s text popped out in her phone, she could barely swallow her calzone. 
She can’t do it anymore? Does it mean she doesn’t want to take charge of the Oceanic Estate? How can that work? Without her, who else can take her reins? We can’t hand it back to Old Mr. Jadeson.
After swallowing her calzone, Sasha could only try to comfort Janice patiently. 
Sasha: Aunt Janice, don’t rush things! Why can’t you do it anymore? Tell me about it in detail. 
Janice: This has to do with your aunt. You have no idea how many nightmares I have had in the last few days. I’m waking up from my slumber every other hour. 
Janice started complaining. 
Meanwhile, Sasha furrowed her brows. 
She did hear of Jocelyn’s death that morning. Everyone was talking about her being murdered, and she had been too shocked to respond then. 
It was too sudden. 
Therefore, it was only natural for her to feel scared. 
Sasha: Aunt Janice, this has nothing to do with you, so you don’t have to take it to heart. 
Janice: That is not it. The people at The Ataraxy said they saw her anxiously running out of here, but she never returned. They only found her corpse floating at the pier when Colton ordered a search for her. 
Janice decided to send another text. 
Janice: Then, I went there with Olivia to see it for ourselves. In the end, I had to witness that scene. Sasha, you have to understand that I can’t take it anymore. 
In the last message, she sent a series of crying emojis. 
Staring at the messages, Sasha took a long time to process them, not sure how to comfort Janice.
###Chapter 1085
Chapter 1085
While Sasha did not wish for Janice to bear the burden, she also had no idea how to manage Oceanic Estate without her. Additionally, Sasha could not return yet. 
After some thought, she decided to persuade Janice. 
Sasha: Aunt Janice, please don’t make rash decisions. You know where I am. If I have to go over there, I have to make sure things are in order first. As such, can’t you help me out for a while longer? 
Janice: Urgh, okay. I shall wait till you settle the things on your end then. Actually, I haven’t been there for a few days now either. When I was out looking for Jocelyn, I had a fall. 
She fell? 
Worried, Sasha immediately asked how she was doing. 
Within seconds, Janice replied with a picture. It showed the ugly bruises on her arms and thighs. 
It’s so serious! 
Sasha felt bad and did not press Janice any further. She could only advise her to rest at home and mentioned that she would contact her when she was done with everything. 
Given the situation, Sasha still had to look for someone to replace Janice in Oceanic Estate. Otherwise, no one would be there to manage it over the next few days. 
After some thought about it, she decided to call Mark. 
Ring! 
“What are you up to?”
Before the call got connected, a man suddenly appeared outside her office. He walked stiffly into the room. 
Sebby! 
Sasha quickly covered the microphone and whispered to Sebastian, “Give me a minute. I’m calling Mark.” 
Then, she continued to listen to the rings over the phone. Meanwhile, the visitor had to welcome himself in. Plunging into the couch where her guests usually sat, he crossed his legs and waited. 
He had the office for the top management as the person with the most power in Hayes Corporation. 
Sebastian rarely visited the company. Since he was the president, he did not need to travel there in person often. If there was anything he needed, he could easily communicate with his employees over the phone. 
However, this was not his office, but his wife’s office. 
Beyond the walls of the room, a male employee curiously asked his colleagues, “What are you standing around for? Aren’t you looking for Ms. Wand? Why can’t you head in?” 
“Oh, Mr. Hayes is inside,” someone replied. 
The planning department noticed their boss in the room, and they knew better than to disturb him. Taking the opportunity of being unsupervised, they enjoyed their coffee break. 
It was the most relaxing atmosphere in the office they have had. 
After two to three minutes of holding the call, no one answered. Frustrated, Sasha slammed the phone down with a frown.
At the same time, Sebastian flipped through a magazine, seemingly unfazed by her reaction. “What’s wrong? Were you not able to get through?” 
Sasha sighed. “Yes, I tried a few times but to no avail. What is going on?” 
Sebastian had no clue what happened, but he was curious why she would call Mark out of the blue. 
“Why are you looking for him?” 
“Janice told me that she had a fall and will not be able to manage Oceanic Estate. Since I can’t head back now, I have to get hold of Mark so he can arrange for a replacement.” 
After giving up on her attempts to call Mark, Sasha explained the situation. 
Janice had a fall? 
Sebastian looked up from the magazine to see Sasha. His handsome face still had the same emotionless expression, but he looked serious after hearing that. 
“Is that so? How did she fall?” 
“It was when Jocelyn got into trouble. She accidentally fell into a drain when she tried to look for Jocelyn with Olivia.” 
Casually, Sasha picked up her phone and showed Sebastian the picture Janice had sent her. 
It did seem like she had a bad fall. 
However, Sasha noticed that the man had no reaction when he scanned the photo, and somehow he gave off a cold vibe.
“Sebby?” 
Finally, Sebastian spoke. “Let me handle this. You don’t have to contact Mark. I will contact Grandpa instead.” 
His tone was stable and casual, as though he did not care much about this issue. Despite that, he acted otherwise. He swiftly decided that Sasha could sit back and let him take care of it. 
In that moment, Sasha felt warmth in her heart. 
The worry she had had dissipated. 
“Okay, I shall hand it to you then.” Realizing that it was odd for Sebastian to come, Sasha frowned in confusion. “Sebby, what are you doing here? Are you here for work matters?” 
“No, I’m not. I wanted to tell you that I have to go on a business trip in the afternoon and can only be back tomorrow.” 
Finally, he got to the point. 
Putting down the magazine in his hands, he watched the woman smiling while walking over to him. In one swift motion, he pulled her closer and made her sit on his lap. 
She had a hundred and eighty degree change in her personality. 
In the past, she used to be very reserved and cautious. Even though they were husband and wife, she was still unwilling to open up to him. If he did not take the initiative, they would not share any intimate moments. 
However, she would lean closer to him now.
###Chapter 1086
Chapter 1086
“Oh? That’s sudden. Where are you headed?” 
The sudden move to make her sit on his lap made her blush, but hearing the news, her eyes widened. 
It was unexpected. 
After they had returned to the company, no matter what Sebastian did in the past half-year, he would let her know in advance. 
Yet, he had not mentioned this trip before today. 
Furrowing his brows, Sebastian answered, “Yes. It was a last-minute decision today. There is a big business client who requested for me to fly over before they sign the contract.” 
His expression clearly showed that he was displeased and unwilling to go. 
Sensing that, Sasha tried to assure him. “I see. It’s all right then. Go ahead, and I’ll take care of the children.” 
“Okay.” 
The man nodded. 
Half an hour later, he was already on his way out. Little did Sasha know, he did not go to the airport. Instead, he drove out to the suburbs and headed towards a helicopter waiting for him. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’ve arranged everything. The seller of the two mines are waiting for you at Smallpoint,” one of his bodyguards reported. 
The bodyguard was dressed in a black suit with a golden dragon on his cuffs.
Although he was not young, he seemed familiar if you looked closely at him. It was especially so if you looked at the side view of his pretty face. 
He looked almost like Sasha’s cousin, Lance. 
Sebastian was satisfied with that information, and he climbed into the helicopter without hesitation. 
This time, it was indeed a last-minute decision to go to Smallpoint. Although he had signed the contract previously, his client started to regret it this morning. 
He even wanted to buy back their mines three times the amount Hayes Corporation paid. 
It was odd. 
Sitting comfortably in the helicopter, Sebastian looked through a stack of the seller’s information. 
“Do you think they found out who I was?” 
“No.” The bodyguard sitting behind Sebastian quickly denied it. 
“Mr. Hayes, you have never blown your identity. Whether we deal with them or others, the information we have collected was from the middleman.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. Today, he will also be waiting at Smallpoint for us. When we reach, we can meet with him.” 
As the bodyguard reported, he took out his phone and looked for the messages he had exchanged with the middleman. Then, he showed it to Sebastian. 
After glancing at the messages, Sebastian’s gloomy expression softened a little.
Throwing the documents aside, he looked at his watch and calmly ordered, “Let’s not alarm others. Tell the middleman that we would dress up as his employee from his company. 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” 
Making a note of Sebastian’s request, he lowered his head to send the middleman a message. 
Finally, there was peace in the helicopter. 
The bodyguard assumed that Sebastian’s mood would brighten once they were in the air. Much to his dismay, Sebastian ended up asking coldly, “What is happening with Karl?” 
“Mr. Frost?” 
It took the bodyguard aback. “I think there hasn’t been any news thus far. As for the scalpel, it is very rare, so there had been zero leads despite offering so much money. I guess someone thought through this and blocked all this information on the black market. 
Is he that good? 
Sebastian snarled, “It looks like he is a smart person. Get him to retract the five million bounty.” 
“Huh? R-Retract it?” 
“Yes. Tell him that Janice had a bad fall and make him take the five million to Oceanic Estate. If he finds out how she tripped, the money would be his.” 
Like a monster, Sebastian said such things while in the air. 
Janice? Doesn’t Old Mr. Jadeson adore her? Even Mrs. Hayes is close to her? Why is he turning against her now?
The bodyguard was beyond speechless. 
However, since it was Sebastian’s orders, the bodyguard still obeyed them. Then, he tried to contact Karl, who was in Jadeborough. 
“Mr. Frost.” 
“Xayden? Oh, why are you calling?” 
When the call connected, Karl immediately screamed like a chicken when he heard the bodyguard’s voice. 
Within seconds, Xayden’s face turned red. 
Glancing at the man before him, he complained, “Get serious. Mr. Hayes has a task for you.” 
“Oh? Okay, please tell me about it. We shall contact privately again.” Karl toned down. 
Pursing his lips, Xayden relayed the message, “Mr. Hayes wants to retract the five million and ask you to investigate Janice.”
###Chapter 1087
Chapter 1087
“What?” 
As expected, Karl was equally shocked. “Why do you want me to look into her all of a sudden? Does Mr. Hayes know something?” 
“I guess so. He wants you to figure how that woman fell.” 
The bodyguard truthfully told Karl what he heard from Sebastian. 
Only then Karl understood the situation. 
After Jocelyn got into the accident, Janice stopped visiting the Oceanic Estate. When he tried looking for her, everyone said she fell while looking for Jocelyn. 
Then, he stopped checking. 
No one in the Oceanic Estate paid attention to it, including Jonathan. 
However, now that Sebastian knew about it, what does it say? 
It was straightforward. When someone wants to hide something, she would typically be jumpier. 
As she would be scared and worried, she would constantly try to prove her innocence, thinking it was safer with more people learning about it. 
Yet, she failed to realize that it would create more doubts too. 
Besides, she was foolish enough to make it known to Sasha, who was with Sebastian, one of the men with the highest IQ in Jadeborough. 
The realization made Karl livid.
“That bit*h! I will expose her secrets, then come back to chat with you,” he huffed. 
“Oh, why are you with Mr. Hayes? I thought you were transferred to the research institute when he disbanded SteelFort. Why are you out again?” Before they ended the call, Karl curiously asked. 
By then, Xayden no longer wanted to talk to him. 
With a stoic expression, he did not hesitate to end the call. Therefore, he did not hear Karl’s nagging, telling him not to fight as it did not suit him. 
After all, who would take a researcher from an assassin organization out without reason? Even Frederick would not do that. 
Yet, Sebastian did it. 
They had been in the air for about three hours when they finally looked down to see a cold and barren desert with little huts. 
“Mr. Hayes, we have arrived,” Xayden informed him after seeing where they were. 
Sebastian nodded in acknowledgement. 
It did not take long for the helicopter to land on a bright red landing pad. After the helicopter blades came to a stop, Sebastian got off. A middle-aged man dressed in local clothing was there to greet them. He wore a bright smile on his face. 
“Mr. Hayes, you are here. Thank you for making a trip here.” 
“It’s okay.” 
Sebastian exchanged a simple greeting.
By then, his bodyguard had climbed out from the helicopter too. While he passed Sebastian his laptop, he also passed the man a black fountain pen. 
Sebastian raised his brows in confusion. 
“Mr. Hayes, this is not an ordinary fountain pen. It acts as a protection for you. It holds the power of about five kilograms of gun powder,” his bodyguard explained. 
For the first time, he was speechless. He looked between the pen and the man, unsure of what to say. 
“Xayden, what have you been doing at the research institute over the last two years? Did they make you create such things?” 
“No.” 
Xayden immediately lowered his head. 
“They ordered me to produce medicine, and these weapons are my own secret projects because I knew you would return, Mr. Hayes. Therefore, I did not slack off in my two years there. I have created various new deadly weapons and poisons. My latest creation of a small-sized bomb can take down a whole building.” Excitedly, he took out a golden ball and raised it in front of Sebastian. “Look! I brought it with me.” 
Instantly, Sebastian was taken aback. 
Subconsciously, he stepped backward and kicked a stone from the ground in the direction of the new creation. 
What the hell is that?
When he fought Charles years ago, he thought hard of ways to save the bunch of talented individuals from SteelFort and finally decided to send them away. 
He wanted them to shine in the places they went. 
Yet, this man was still creating weapons and poisons, where one was so deadly that it could take down a building. 
Sebastian was rather frustrated and felt like killing him. 
However, at that moment, the middleman turned around. “Mr. Hayes, you mentioned that you wanted to disguise yourself as one of our employees. If so, would you both mind changing out of your clothes?” 
Giving his bodyguard a stern glare, he pointed at the golden ball in his hands before being whisked away to change. 
Xayden felt like he was put in the spot. 
Regardless, he obediently kept the deadly weapon before following his boss. 
He was not old and was close to Lance’s age. As they looked similar to Lance, Sebastian locked Lance up Lance and let Xayden take his place.
###Chapter 1088
Chapter 1088
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1088 
He was also a replacement for Lance, and he was sent to accompany Sasha at times. 
After getting changed, they followed the middleman to meet with the seller. It was already evening time. 
“Mr. Hayes, they are over there.” 
The man pointed to a house a distance away. 
Against the vast land filled with yellow sand, the red bricks appeared to be a stark contrast. Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
This place used to be a barren land. 
Because of its climate, there was only rubble and gravel everywhere, with hardly any plant in sight. However, what he saw was a luxurious-looking house in front of him. 
What was that supposed to mean? 
“Mr. Hayes, they are two of the wealthiest men here. Over these few years, ever since the mine began operations, they managed to profit quite a lot from it.” 
As though sensing the questions bugging Sebastian, the middleman explained. 
Instead of replying, Sebastian only let out a chuckle. 
Of course, he knew that the mines were profitable. Otherwise, he would not be looking at them. His main goal here was to find out who had the guts to take away the Jadesons’ cash cow. 
Sebastian entered the house with Xayden.
Unexpectedly, they could not help but gasp at the extravagant place they saw when they went in. 
They have seen many houses owned by the rich. However, this place was something else. It was a grand sight that even managed to shock Sebastian. 
“Myles? I’m here! Where are you?” The middleman stepped in with them and immediately hollered. 
After a while, someone emerged from the inside. 
“You are here? Okay, here is the money. I will like to nullify the contract.” 
A man in his forties appeared. He looked fierce, and once he spotted them, he did not hesitate to take out a wade of cash. 
Alarmed, the middleman stammered, “N-no! I have yet to agree.” 
“Your decision is irrelevant. I don’t want to sell them now. You should take the money and just go away. Otherwise, if you do it any later, you might not get a single cent.” 
It was a bizarre situation. 
The seller ended up threatening the middleman. 
Never faced with such situations, the middleman froze. He did not know how to respond. 
Seeing that happen, Sebastian stepped forward instead. “Isn’t this against the law? We have signed the contract, and if you want to break it, you should act in accordance with the law.” 
This time Myles was surprised. 
He probably only took notice of the two strangers in his house now.
“Who are you?” 
Although the two were dressed in their local clothing, they were handsome. Sebastian also gave off an elegant and wealthy aura. Myles looked at the young man warily. 
The middleman quickly jumped in. “This is a lawyer from my company. Today, I brought him here to settle this matter.” 
“Lawyer?” 
As soon as Myles heard that, he relaxed. 
“Great! It’s even better we have a lawyer. If I breach the contract, I only have to make compensation. Since I’m offering three times the amount, what more do you want?” 
The seller did not seem intimidated at all, and that irked Sebastian. 
Before he could reply, he heard a car honking outside. Turning around, he saw a large truck that was heading towards them. 
“Okay, take the money and go. I am busy and have no time for you.” 
Myles spotted the vehicle too. 
Moments later, he ordered his men to bring out several briefcases for Sebastian and the rest, and he hurriedly chased them away. 
It seemed as though he was anxious. 
What are these people up to secretly?
Without hurry, Sebastian made his way to the door and looked at the truck that came. 
“As far as I know, we can only mine the metals for use in the country, and only the Jadesons from Jadeborough have the rights to do it. After mining, we should transport them to the smelting plant. Where is that truck filled with ore going?” 
He pointed at the truck piled with ore at the back. 
Instantly, Myles’s expression changed. 
“How is that any of your business? Stick your nose out of my business, and take your money and scram! Otherwise, I can’t ensure that you can walk out of here alive,” he hissed. 
I can’t believe he said that! 
The middleman’s face turned pale. 
Xayden, standing behind him immediately reached for his pocket. 
On the other hand, Sebastian smirked in amusement when he heard the threat. “Isn’t that for your own benefit? We are not far from the borders, so I guess that you are transporting them there. Are you planning to make a deal with the arms dealers?” 
Looking down at the man, he continued, “Well, the military is the largest user of the metals from the two mines. Therefore, your purpose is not to hold onto the mines but to continue cooperating with the arms dealer. When the Jadesons become the owners of the mines, and you expose the dealings, there is nothing but a death sentence for us. Am I right?” 
Pausing, he then made his point. “Oh, maybe I should phrase it in another way. Everything was set up by your master, who wanted to put everything on the Jadesons.”
After that last line, the man seemed terrified. 
Sebastian spoke calmly. While he analyzed the situation, he did not appear affected. 
However, while glaring at Myles with lasers shooting from his eyes, he could feel the storm coming. Myles felt as though he was suffocating. 
Soon, his face turned pale. 
After what felt like an eternity, he heard himself ask, “W-who are you? How do you know all these?” He was sweating all over. 
With a smile, Sebastian stated, “I’m Yariel, Jonathan’s grandson.
###Chapter 1089
Chapter 1089
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1089 
This was the first time he admitted that he was one of the Jadesons. 
It was also the first time he referred to himself as ‘Yariel’. 
After hearing his identity, Myles almost fell to the ground. 
“You are Jonathan’s grandson? You are a Jadeson!” He hollered, feeling a rush of fear. By instinct, he wanted to run to the truck and inform them. 
Unfortunately, Sebastian was one step ahead of him. He shouted, “Get him!” 
Xayden immediately raised his hands and shot a dozen needles at the man who tried to run away. After a shriek of pain, he collapsed onto the ground and was motionless. 
Although he was in charge of doing research on poisons in SteelFort, he could fight a little. 
Walking forward to the man on the ground, Xayden took his pulse. “He is still alive. Mr. Hayes, what should we do next?” 
Staring at the truck parked outside, Sebastian ordered, “Take him back for now. Let’s not alarm anyone about the situation here and lie low.” 
He felt aggrieved to make such a decision. 
If this had taken place years ago, his old self would have destroyed the entire area once he uncovered the truth. 
However, he had to suppress his anger this time since it was not a small matter. If his hunch was right, the mine seller was only a small pawn.
Behind him were the arms dealer and a mastermind who planned all of this! 
If he wanted to catch them all in action, he had no choice but to wait. 
Xayden carried the seller into the car. It went unnoticed by the rest as everyone else in the house and the chauffeur was blinded by the white mist that filled the air. 
When the area cleared, everything seemed normal and no one noticed anything. 
Half an hour later, Sebastian stood outside a villa, taking a puff from his cigarette. At the same time, he kept hearing screams coming from there. Regardless, he kept an emotionless facade. 
Moments later, Xayden emerged from the villa covered with blood. 
“Mr. Hayes, he told me everything. It was his higher-up’s order to do business with those arms dealers. However, those people look like they have been caught in Zarain.” 
“Caught?” 
It was not something Sebastian was expecting, and he stood there in confusion. 
Nodding his head, Xayden emphasized, “Yes. He even said that previously there were investigations on these arms dealers. Those investigators are having discussions in Zarain to extradite them back here. However, they did not succeed because of the interruptions by their leaders.” 
Suddenly, as though something had clicked in his head, Sebastian put out his cigarette butt. 
There were special police investigating the arms dealers? Could it be Devin? I’m sure it is him. Previously, I’ve heard him talk about the smuggling of arms. 
Sebastian furrowed his brows.
Wait, doesn’t that mean he knew about this matter all this while? Hasn’t he been staying in Jadeborough for the past six months? 
Jonathan had talked to him. In order not to steal the limelight, Devin had returned there for half a year, and there was no news from him thus far. 
Yet, why would investigators be stepping in to extradite those people? 
Within seconds, he felt as though his brain had turned into a puddle. His mind was jumbled up, and it was the first time he had felt this way in years. 
Despite so, he collected himself quickly. He suddenly recalled Karl mentioning that Mark went to Yaleview on short notice. 
Besides, Sasha was trying to reach Mark all morning but to no avail. 
He finally got a grasp of what happened. 
“I can’t believe that old bast*rd lied to me!” He had figured out everything, and he was livid. Squeezing the cigarette in his hand, he yelled. 
Meanwhile, Xayden stood there without the guts to speak up. 
He waited till Sebastian was done cursing and lashing out. 
Then, he chased after Sebastian, who was red with anger. 
“Mr. Hayes, what do you want us to do now? Are you going to Jadeborough to look for Old Mr. Jadeson?” 
“What’s the point of looking for him? Let me call Jetroina to look for Devin.”
When he spoke of that name, Sebastian gritted his teeth. 
I can’t believe he lied to me. 
He figured they tried to protect him and his family; hence, they kept this from him on purpose. However, they did not know how dangerous this matter was either. 
Besides, they were up against a formidable opponent. 
At once, Xayden dialed the number in Jetroina. In the end, his expression changed when he heard of the news. 
“Mr. Hayes, Ms. Hayes said that Mr. Devin is no longer in Jetroina.” 
“What?” 
Sebastian, who was about to board the helicopter, heard a buzz in his head. He missed a step on the ladder. 
Devin was not in Jetroina then as he had returned to Zarain. 
As per Sebastian’s prediction, Devin had been investigating the arms smuggling case for the past six months, and he managed to learn the truth from one of the smugglers he caught.
###Chapter 1090
Chapter 1090
After the interrogation, the man revealed that they had added the non-ferrous metal ores into the firearms and later trafficked the firearms to outsiders. 
Where do they get the non-ferrous metal ores? Only the Jadesons’ smelting plant can mine the metal. 
Sensing something was off, Devin swiftly informed Jonathan, who was in Jadeborough. 
Of course, Jonathan was seethed with fury when he learned about that from Devin. After his investigation, he discovered that someone in the smelting plant was working together with the arms dealers by mining the metal behind their back. 
Sebastian had been investigating the matter. Yet, he hadn’t found out about anything so far. 
Jonathan didn’t wish to involve Sebastian in this. As such, he thought of an excuse to stop him from continuing with his investigation. Then, he hid the truth from Sebastian and delegated the job to Devin to investigate further into the matter. 
After knowing the truth, the Jadesons’ priority was to catch the arms dealers before their enemy’s attack. 
Never had they expected that their targets had already been caught in Zarain and couldn’t be extradited back. 
Devin gave Henrick a call the moment he reached Zarain. 
“Hello, this is Devin. Where are you guys?” 
Hearing his voice on the phone, Henrick was utterly astounded. “Major? Y-You are here?”
“Obviously! Where are the arms dealers? Why aren’t they being extradited yet? I think the evidence I provided is more than sufficient to bring them back!” 
Feeling a flash of irritation, Devin yelled furiously over the phone. 
“I have no idea. I’ve submitted everything you provided to the authorities accordingly, but it’s not being taken into consideration. Moreover, the military is planning to transfer them somewhere else,” Henrick explained helplessly on the phone. 
“This is absurd!” 
At once, Devin’s expression drastically changed. 
Transfer them elsewhere? That can’t be real. If they really transferred them, the Jadesons wouldn’t be able to know the arms dealers’ whereabouts. 
Devin tightened his grip on the steering wheels while rage pulsed through his veins that they bulged. 
Without hesitation, he sped down the road and headed straight to Zarain’s police station, hoping to negotiate with the person in charge of the case. 
To his surprise, Devin saw the arms dealers walking out of the police station with their hands cuffed behind their backs. As the arms dealers were being taken into a police vehicle outside, thoughts began to fill Devin’s mind. 
Where are they taking the arms dealers? 
Instantly, Devin stopped the car in puzzlement as he observed them at the side. 
“Send them to Prison One.” 
“Yes, sir!”
One of the soldiers responded to the command and brought the arms dealers to their destination accordingly. 
Meanwhile, Devin furrowed his eyebrows slightly as he watched them in secret. 
The arms dealers are their prisoners. It’s completely normal to send them to their prison. 
As Devin was about to get down from the car to look for the person in charge, he noticed a black car was following the police vehicle closely from behind. 
With a doubtful look on his face, Devin grabbed his phone to call Henrick. 
“Did you send someone to tail the police?” 
“No, I didn’t. I’m at the base. What’s going on, Major? You saw our man there?” Henrick denied. 
Hearing what Henrick said, Devin kept mum and shot a penetrative gaze at the black car. 
A man in the car peeked out to aim his submachine gun at the police vehicle and started to fire wildly in the vehicle’s direction. 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
Devin had never seen something like that, as it was almost like a scene from an action movie. In his car, he watched the incident with an amused expression. 
These people are daring enough to go after the police in public. They must have a death wish. 
Just like that, both sides rapidly engaged in a heavy gunfight. The police attacked in return, and that caused the black car to be left at a disadvantage.
Bang! 
All of a sudden, a flash of light illuminated the air. 
The bomb landed directly on the black car, and the man fell out in an instant. 
As Devin focused his attention on the man, he caught sight of the man’s familiar uniform and the gold badge on the cap. 
Only the Oceanic Estate’s guard has this uniform and cap! I can’t believe this! 
All at once, Devin’s eyes narrowed. The blood began to drain from his face upon seeing that. Simultaneously, he clenched his fists tightly as fury surged through him. 
Meanwhile, the police got down from their car and was about to take away the man from the ground. 
Sneering slightly, Devin revved up his car engine in the black car’s direction and ran over the man mercilessly without second thoughts. 
Crack! 
With that, the breaking sound of the bones sounded through the air.
###Chapter 1091
Chapter 1091
Before he could even make a sound, he had already turned into mush under those wheels. 
Even his clothes and that hat of his were dragged several feet away by that SUV and ground into nothing before the SUV finally drove off. 
“Stop him! Stop him!” the police from Zarain yelled out angrily at the sight of that. 
Unfortunately, how could a bunch of losers like them be able to stop someone who was a high-ranking commander from the special forces like Devin? It did not take him long to disappear from their sight. 
It was another half an hour later that Devin arrived at a quiet road outside of downtown before he finally came to a stop. 
He was taking deep breaths with his hands clenching the wheel. At that moment, he seemed like a lone wolf forced to the edge. Veins popped on the back of his hands as he stared ahead with bloodshot eyes. 
Emotions surged in his eyes as he tried to figure out how bad the situation was. 
He then wondered what exactly Jonathan did when he was away in Jetroina for more than twenty days to have let things get so bad. 
Ring… Ring… 
Suddenly, the smartphone in the car rang. 
He answered it immediately, feeling annoyed, “Hello?” 
“Mr. Devin, thank you… for earlier…” 
Surprisingly, it was a familiar voice coming from the phone.
Devin’s eyes widened, and he quickly asked, “Mark? Where are you?” 
“I-It doesn’t matter where I am. Mr. Devin, the important thing now is that… they know that we’re looking for those arms dealers. T-They will be changing their plans after this and try to… try to rush the arms dealers to the military court. When that happens, the Jadesons would b-be ruined if those people admit to producing those firearms under the J-Jadesons’ orders.” 
Mark stammered as he spoke. One could even feel how weak and in pain he was over the phone. 
At that instance, Devin’s hands were shaking. 
Not only was it because of the shocking news he had received from Mark, but also the sense he had of how terrible Mark’s condition must be. 
It was obvious through each of Mark’s breaths that he was barely hanging on. It felt as though he would leave the Jadesons for good at any second. 
“Where are you? Tell me now. I’ll go get you right away!” Devin yelled. 
However, Mark merely smiled faintly and said, “D-Don’t ask me that. Mr. Devin, time is running. The men I’ve brought with me… One of their clothes and hat has already turned up in front of you today. There’ll be a… a second one soon. T-Then, a third. Their goal is to make it… as though the men from Oceanic Estate were t-there to save the arms dealers.” 
Devin listened patiently to his words. 
“W-With that and the confessions from the arms dealers, Mr. Devin, t-the Jadesons would be ruined. You… must h-hurry and g-get to those arms dealers. And… Ugh!” 
At that point, Mark could not finish his sentence anymore. Instead, Devin heard a painful groan coming from the phone.
Devin’s eyes widened with rage. 
Immediately, he put the phone down and pulled out a black box from the car. Then, he quickly got it connected and started searching. 
The men from Oceanic Estate had a special way of communicating with each other. Not only was it not affected by the satellite signals, but it could also block signals from other people when being used. 
The most incredible thing about it was that it was planted into the men’s bodies. 
Thus, it was no surprise that Mark could contact him even in that situation. 
Then again, even though he managed to contact Devin, it did not mean that he could save his own life. 
As soon as Devin got the black box set up, he touched his left ear and turned on his communicator for the first time in his life. 
Crack! 
“Are you going to talk or not? If not, then I’ll break another one of your fingers!” 
Along with the sound of bones breaking, Devin heard an evil, male voice coming from the communicator in his left ear. 
Meanwhile, Mark snickered at the man’s words and said, “What do you want me to say? That you bunch of traitors are messing with the nation’s future all because of your selfish desires? You’re going to pay for this. The Jadesons have been protecting the country for decades. They’re the foundation of the country. If they were ruined, you bunch of cowards will suffer the people’s wrath, and you’ll pay for what you did!” 
Slap!
As soon as Mark finished his sentence, a loud slap came through the phone. 
Then, everything fell silent after that. 
Devin was devoid of any expression at that point. Outraged, he went ahead and searched for that communicator’s location with the black box without a word. 
Soon, he drove off from where he was. 
Twenty minutes later, he arrived at the police station he had been to before. Donning a dark blue uniform, he carried a repairman’s toolbox and entered the place.
###Chapter 1092
Chapter 1092
The saying about how a country’s prosperity was inseparable from the government’s righteousness and integrity was true. In this case, anyone could see that the country was already corrupted from the ground up. 
Meanwhile, as soon as Devin was inside, he managed to get to the holding cell with his experience. Soon, he found Mark being interrogated in one of the cells that were meant to hold serious criminals. 
“How many have you broken?” 
“One hand is completely gone, but he’s still not talking. I must say that Jonathan’s men are quite tough.” 
With that said, the room fell silent. 
Soon, all Devin could hear was the two policemen chatting away in their local dialect. 
Thus, Devin decided to head in at that moment. Without warning, he pulled out a gun with a silencer attached as he showed up behind the double-gated door of the holding cell. 
Bang! Bang! 
It only took him two shots to break the locks. 
“Who’s there?” 
The police inside the room exchanged glances with each other and came out when they heard the sound of the locks hitting the ground. 
Devin remained quiet while that happened.
Like a ghost, he waited for the two to come out. Then, as soon as they did, he struck by grabbing them by their necks and twisting their heads. Crack! 
The two slumped to the ground directly without even making a sound. 
After all, taking care of those two was the same as squishing a bug for a high-ranking commander in the special forces like Devin. 
With that done, Devin then rushed into the holding cell. 
As expected, Mark was really inside. 
Not only was he tied up in a chair, but blood was all over his chest. They even tied up his hands with a steel wire behind him. In addition to that, the fingers on his left hand were all distorted. 
Anyone could see that they were all broken. 
Monsters! 
Instantly, rage surged in Devin’s eyes. Were it not for them having to leave the place as soon as possible, he would probably have gone back and shot those two again. 
In the end, Devin went over and carried the unconscious Mark out. 
This time, he did not take the front door. Instead, he took off the clothes from the police and put them on them. Then, he carried Mark up to the roof. 
Once he was up there, he slid down from the top and left just like that as he cursed the useless bunch. 
With that, Devin finally left with Mark.
Back at the base, Henrick only got a call from Devin when the latter was about to reach. As soon as he did, he quickly came out of the tent. 
“Major, h-how did this happen? When did Mr. Steward come over? Why didn’t I know about this?” 
“Yeah. He’s here to extradite those arms dealers,” Devin replied. 
Then, he brought the unconscious Mark inside. 
Knowing that they were safe for now since they were finally back in the base, Devin felt as though a weight had been lifted off his chest. He then went to the other tent to think of what they were going to do next. 
He did not tell the team nor Henrick about the arms dealers’ involvement with the Jadesons. After all, it had to do with the Jadesons’ future, so it was best kept to himself. 
Then again, how was he supposed to get those arms dealers back if they were clueless about the whole thing? 
“Major, what are you thinking?” 
Speaking of the devil, Henrick came in and passed him a bottle of water. 
Devin took the water and said, “I’m thinking about those arms dealers. They have a huge arsenal on their hands, most of which belongs to us. I think it’s still best to try and get them back.” 
“Huh?” 
Henrick seemed a little troubled when he heard that.
“But we’ve already received orders not to extradite them, so how are we supposed to do that? Are you thinking of taking them by force?” 
“Why not?” Devin asked. 
“We were involved in the arrest from the very beginning. Plus, our country makes up the biggest part of the case. So, why can’t we take them by force? They just happened to get caught at the borders and became criminals in this country. How is that fair for teams like us who have been working so hard for so many months?” he then explained. 
Henrick nodded after listening to his words. “That’s right. What you said does make sense. In that case, should I go and contact the person in charge from the other teams?” 
“Sure,” Devin agreed. 
Hence, Henrick went out to look for those people. 
Meanwhile, Devin let out a sigh of relief. He then picked up the map to make a plan for the capture. 
Ding! 
Suddenly, his phone rang while he was focused on the map. 
Instinctively, he glanced over at the phone. 
It turned out that Sabrina had sent him some pictures from Jetroina. 
With just a glance, his entire person relaxed after all that stress. Even his deeply furrowed brows loosened when he saw that message. 
Devin: This is the result of today’s checkup? How was it?
Sabrina: Can’t you see it for yourself? 
Upon seeing her words, Devin felt as though he could already imagine her fuming face in front of him.
###Chapter 1093
Chapter 1093
Then again, Sabrina had been treating Devin that way ever since he got her back. Not only did she get mad easily, but she would also throw tantrums like a child. 
Devin could not help but chuckle at that thought. 
Devin: I’m not a doctor. I can’t tell anything from the pictures. However, you could take a short video and let me have a look at your belly. That way, I can see if our daughter is kicking you. 
Sabrina: … 
Over at the ward, Sabrina stared at the message in silence. 
Daughter? How would he know that it’s not a son? 
While she was puzzled about that, she recalled how she had only received that message over the past two days. Hence, she could not help but be pissed. 
Sabrina: How do you know it’s a daughter? It might be a son. 
Devin: It just came out like that. I’m happy with either. Whether it’s a daughter or a son, it’s still our child, and I’ll love it just the same. 
Sabrina blushed when she saw his reply. Her heart finally softened when she saw how the man who had never been much of a sweet-talker said that. 
Sabrina: Hmph! Then, have you thought of what our daughter’s name would be? Or even our son’s? I’m telling you now that the doctor already told me that I have to have it ready as soon as I deliver so that they can issue the birth certificate. 
Devin was a little taken aback by the message.
Sabrina’s question had posed quite the challenge for him because he had never thought about that at all. 
Yet, when he saw Sabrina’s words, he felt his heart soften at the thought of the baby’s arrival. 
Devin: I’m not going to lie to you, but I haven’t thought about it. Perhaps I can think about it when I’m back? This is our firstborn, so I have to take the time to come up with a good name. 
Sabrina: … 
Devin: If it’s really urgent, let’s give a nickname first. What do you think about Jaena? We can use it for a boy or a girl. 
In the end, Devin gave the baby a nickname. 
Jaena, a name that rhymed with Sabrina. 
Devin put down his phone right after he sent that message, and that was when Henrick came in. 
“Major, they’ve agreed to it.” 
“Okay.” 
Devin was thrilled as he brought the map with him to go and discuss it with the other team leaders. 
He knew that the best way to get to those arms dealers without raising suspicion in his team was to discuss it with the other team leaders. 
With them on board, it would be much easier to take the arms dealers away once they had them in their hands.
At the same time, Devin informed everyone from Oceanic Estate about it with the communicator on his left ear as he went out. 
While that was happening, over at Jetroina, an unexpected person appeared at Sabrina’s ward. 
“Y-You’re not dead?” 
“Yes, I’m not because I still have important things to do. How about you? What are you doing here? You’re here enjoying the care he exchanged with his life with that stolen baby of yours. What have you ever done for him?” 
The woman hopped into the room with one leg. She looked gruesome with her messy hair and scars all over her face. 
Sabrina’s eyes narrowed at her words. 
Instinctively, she pointed at the woman and began to scream, “Get out! You lingering b*tch!” 
Not only was Sabrina disappointed, but she was furious. 
The reason for that was because a woman whom she was told was dead by Devin had suddenly appeared in her room. To think she had been feeling all warm and fuzzy as she talked to him a minute ago about their baby. 
“Hahahaha…” 
Kira burst out in laughter when she saw how hysterical Sabrina was. 
However, she had no idea how gruesome she looked when she laughed. 
“Lingering? I guess that’s true. But I’m doing this to save him. I have gone through all sorts of danger and sacrifices to save his life. What have you done instead?”
“Get out! Get the hell out of here! Scram!” 
Sabrina refused to listen to her words at all. Outraged, she held her belly with one hand and swung her arm as she told Kira to leave. 
Still, an evil grin came on Kira’s face at her reaction. 
“Don’t you get it? Do you even know he’s putting his life on the line right now?” 
“What did you say?” 
Sabrina finally regained her senses when she heard those words, and her heart skipped a beat. 
Meanwhile, Kira tore her clothes apart and showed the wounds that seemed as though she was bitten by some animal. There was even bloodied pus on some of the wounds. 
“This is the price I paid. I was tortured by that old man every day before I managed to hear that the Jadesons were about to be destroyed. To save him, I gave away the very last property in my family just to get the news out. I then had my dad come to Jetroina and warn him about it, but what did you do?” 
Sabrina was stunned. 
At that moment, she recalled that Kira’s father did come a week ago to see Devin. 
She remembered how she even threw a tantrum because of that. 
She had no idea that was the reason he came. 
Her heart sank as she said, “What smelting plant? He’s already back in Jadeborough.” 
“Bullsh*t! I’m telling you that he’s not in Jadeborough at all. He has gone to Zarain to catch those arms dealers. Because of you, those people ended up in other people’s hands. Thus, he had no choice but
to go and get them himself. Just you wait; the news of his passing is bound to come. They put in a lot of effort to get rid of him since he’s the Jadesons’ heir. There’s no way he’s going to return!” Kira said resentfully. 
Sabrina was thunderstruck by what she heard as the blood drained from her face. 
Along with that, she felt a sudden pain coming from her belly. 
While she was puzzled about that, she recalled how she had only received that message over the past two days. Hence, she could not help but be pissed. 
Sabrina: How do you know it’s a daughter? It might be a son. 
Devin: It just came out like that. I’m happy with either. Whether it’s a daughter or a son, it’s still our child, and I’ll love it just the same. 
Sabrina blushed when she saw his reply. Her heart finally softened when she saw how the man who had never been much of a sweet-talker said that. 
Sabrina: Hmph! Then, have you thought of what our daughter’s name would be? Or even our son’s? I’m telling you now that the doctor already told me that I have to have it ready as soon as I deliver so that they can issue the birth certificate. 
Devin was a little taken aback by the message. 
Sabrina’s question had posed quite the challenge for him because he had never thought about that at all. 
Yet, when he saw Sabrina’s words, he felt his heart soften at the thought of the baby’s arrival.
Devin: I’m not going to lie to you, but I haven’t thought about it. Perhaps I can think about it when I’m back? This is our firstborn, so I have to take the time to come up with a good name. 
Sabrina: … 
Devin: If it’s really urgent, let’s give a nickname first. What do you think about Jaena? We can use it for a boy or a girl. 
In the end, Devin gave the baby a nickname. 
Jaena, a name that rhymed with Sabrina. 
Devin put down his phone right after he sent that message, and that was when Henrick came in. 
“Major, they’ve agreed to it.” 
“Okay.” 
Devin was thrilled as he brought the map with him to go and discuss it with the other team leaders. 
He knew that the best way to get to those arms dealers without raising suspicion in his team was to discuss it with the other team leaders. 
With them on board, it would be much easier to take the arms dealers away once they had them in their hands. 
At the same time, Devin informed everyone from Oceanic Estate about it with the communicator on his left ear as he went out. 
While that was happening, over at Jetroina, an unexpected person appeared at Sabrina’s ward.
“Y-You’re not dead?” 
“Yes, I’m not because I still have important things to do. How about you? What are you doing here? You’re here enjoying the care he exchanged with his life with that stolen baby of yours. What have you ever done for him?” 
The woman hopped into the room with one leg. She looked gruesome with her messy hair and scars all over her face. 
Sabrina’s eyes narrowed at her words. 
Instinctively, she pointed at the woman and began to scream, “Get out! You lingering b*tch!” 
Not only was Sabrina disappointed, but she was furious. 
The reason for that was because a woman whom she was told was dead by Devin had suddenly appeared in her room. To think she had been feeling all warm and fuzzy as she talked to him a minute ago about their baby. 
“Hahahaha…” 
Kira burst out in laughter when she saw how hysterical Sabrina was. 
However, she had no idea how gruesome she looked when she laughed. 
“Lingering? I guess that’s true. But I’m doing this to save him. I have gone through all sorts of danger and sacrifices to save his life. What have you done instead?” 
“Get out! Get the hell out of here! Scram!” 
Sabrina refused to listen to her words at all. Outraged, she held her belly with one hand and swung her arm as she told Kira to leave.
Still, an evil grin came on Kira’s face at her reaction. 
“Don’t you get it? Do you even know he’s putting his life on the line right now?” 
“What did you say?” 
Sabrina finally regained her senses when she heard those words, and her heart skipped a beat. 
Meanwhile, Kira tore her clothes apart and showed the wounds that seemed as though she was bitten by some animal. There was even bloodied pus on some of the wounds. 
“This is the price I paid. I was tortured by that old man every day before I managed to hear that the Jadesons were about to be destroyed. To save him, I gave away the very last property in my family just to get the news out. I then had my dad come to Jetroina and warn him about it, but what did you do?” 
Sabrina was stunned. 
At that moment, she recalled that Kira’s father did come a week ago to see Devin. 
She remembered how she even threw a tantrum because of that. 
She had no idea that was the reason he came. 
Her heart sank as she said, “What smelting plant? He’s already back in Jadeborough.” 
“Bullsh*t! I’m telling you that he’s not in Jadeborough at all. He has gone to Zarain to catch those arms dealers. Because of you, those people ended up in other people’s hands. Thus, he had no choice but to go and get them himself. Just you wait; the news of his passing is bound to come. They put in a lot of effort to get rid of him since he’s the Jadesons’ heir. There’s no way he’s going to return!” Kira said resentfully. 
Sabrina was thunderstruck by what she heard as the blood drained from her face.
Along with that, she felt a sudden pain coming from her belly.
###Chapter 1094
Chapter 1094
Impossible! He’s already an experienced commander. How could someone as incredible as he fall into someone’s trap? 
Terrified, Sabrina held her belly as she yelled with all her might, “Get out! I’m telling you to leave! Go away!” 
Kira snickered at the sight of that. However, before she could say another word, the door was kicked open from the outside. 
Bang! 
Then, a black figure charged at Kira, and she was sent flying like a sandbag with a well-placed kick. 
She then landed on the floor with a loud thud. 
At that moment, Solomon appeared at the door. 
“Mr. George.” 
The bodyguard who came in first to attack Kira turned to Soloman as Kira lay motionless on the floor. 
Solomon’s expression was grim, especially when he saw Sabrina lying on the bed with her hands on her belly and her face twisted in pain. 
“Go and get the doctor.” 
“Yes, Mr. George.” 
“Also, get rid of her. I don’t want to see her ever again.” 
Even though he was in a wheelchair, anyone could sense the bloodlust coming from his words.
At the sound of that, Kira, who was all curled up on the floor, looked up. “No, no! What gives you the right to do that? I’m his cousin. What gives you the right to kill me when he didn’t?” 
“For starters, I should’ve killed you back in Turlen,” said Soloman as he stared into her eyes. 
In the blink of an eye, his fingers were already wrapped around her neck as she was being dragged past him. 
Kira could not make a sound at all. 
Crack! 
Without any time to respond, Kira’s head slumped to the side. 
For Soloman, killing a person was nothing at all. After all, many had died in his hands before. 
Not to mention that Kira should be long dead anyway. It was the Jadesons’ mistake for even sparing her. 
After Soloman let go, the bodyguard dragged the body out of the room, and he pulled out a white napkin and wiped his hands. 
A few minutes later, the doctor finally arrived and pushed Sabrina out. At that moment, Sabrina could barely think straight due to the immense pain she was suffering. 
“Wait a minute.” 
Still, she opened her eyes and grabbed onto Solomon, who was right behind them as she was being pushed away. 
“T-tell me. D-Did you know about this?”
“No,” Soloman denied immediately. 
He then looked down at his arm calmly and said, “Don’t you know the likes of her? Her goal is to see you and Devin suffer. The state you’re in right now is exactly what she wanted.” 
“Really?” Sabrina asked. 
Having been drowning in the waves of despair and pain, she was finally comforted by Soloman’s words. 
It was as though she had found a piece of driftwood in the cold sea. 
At the same time, Solomon nodded and said, “Yes. Don’t worry. Just take care of yourself. Weren’t you texting him just this afternoon? How is that possible if something did happen?” 
Finally, the fear inside of Sabrina disappeared as she processed his words. 
That’s right. He was just talking to me a few moments ago. How could anything have possibly happened to him? 
Convinced, Sabrina finally let go of Soloman and was taken to the emergency room. 
Solomon watched as she was wheeled away until she was completely out of sight. He then pulled out his phone and sent a message. 
Soloman: What happened to the Jadesons? Where’s Devin? 
Assistant: I don’t know. Everything’s off-limits. We can’t seem to get any information at all. But we do know that Sebastian left Avenport yesterday. 
Soloman stared at his phone for a while after reading his assistant’s reply.
Sebastian left Avenport? Why did he leave so suddenly? Where is he going? 
With those thoughts running through his mind, he finally lost his calm and quickly called his assistant on his phone. 
“Where did he go?” 
“He went to Smallpoint in his private jet. However, his route was kept hidden, and we can’t find out anything about it. Also, Ms. Wand seems completely unaware about this.” 
The assistant told Soloman everything that was happening over at Avenport down to every detail. 
Meanwhile, Soloman was surprised to hear that even Nancy was unaware of it. 
At that moment, he finally realized that something must have gone wrong. 
Fortunately, over at the emergency room, everything went well with Sabrina under Haruto’s efforts. Perhaps, Soloman’s words gave her hope to hold on. 
“Mr. Akiyama, you can’t agitate her anymore. Her condition has been a little special from the beginning. If this goes on, the baby might be born prematurely,” Haruto said grudgingly as soon as he got out of the room. 
Solomon frowned at his words. 
How is this my fault? 
However, he did not speak his mind. Instead, he went back with a grim expression. 
Soon after that, the man in black who had been guarding Sabrina all along left and headed to Zarain.
###Chapter 1095
Chapter 1095
At the same time, over at Zarain, Devin and his team had entered the dense forest. 
“Mr. Devin, this is very dangerous. Perhaps we should ask Old Mr. Jadeson before we decide?” said Mark. 
He had woken up before the team departed. 
When he heard what they were planning, he could not help but worry. Thus, he hoped that Devin would reconsider his decision and said that. 
In reality, what they were about to do was indeed dangerous. 
After all, anyone could see that the police in Zarain was clearly working with the person behind the arms dealers. 
Otherwise, they would not have kidnapped Mark and his men before looking for someone to impersonate them to save the criminals. They were trying to frame the Jadesons by doing so. 
Thus, how safe could it be for Devin to go and get those arms dealers? 
However, Devin merely shook his head calmly and said, “No need. We’re left with no choice now that they’ve decided to send those people to the military court. It’ll be too late if we wait any longer to inform Grandpa.” 
Devin was firm with his words. 
At the sight of that, Mark clenched his fists as he lay in the tent. 
In the end, he had no choice but to see Devin leave.
Devin and his team, as well as the teams from the other countries, arrived at a dense forest two hours later. Devin looked down at the highway that passed through the forest and waved his hand as a signal for everybody to stop. 
“Devin, is this the place?” one of the team leaders that was close to him asked. 
Devin nodded at him and said, “Yes. This is the road they’re taking to get to the military court. This is also the best place for us to strike.” 
“It is. But did you realize? This place is dangerous for us as well if someone were to ambush us,” the team leader warned. 
Devin’s brows furrowed. 
In reality, he knew that it was not the best place for them. That was why the best plan for them was to get the whole thing over with in the shortest time possible and run back into the forest to hide. 
Plus, based on his instincts, he could almost be sure that the police had already set up a trap for them as well. 
With that said, Devin went ahead and distributed the plan to the team leaders. He then brought his team to the very front and positioned themselves. 
“Major, are we leaving as soon as we get those people?” asked Henrick. 
“You guys go ahead. I’ll hold them back,” Devin replied without hesitation. 
Henrick was a little taken aback by his answer. 
It took a few moments before he moved his gaze from Devin and turned to the highway below them. 
If one asked how long Henrick had been with Devin, he probably had no idea himself.
All he could recall was that he had been Devin’s subordinate ever since he got enlisted into the military. Since then, he had been following behind him every step of the way, and they had gone through countless life and death situations together. 
It did not take long before Henrick noticed the black prisoner transporter heading their way through the sniper’s scope. 
“Major, they’re here.” 
“Okay.” 
Devin’s eyes lit up when he heard that. 
However, Henrick then added, “Ms. Woods got out today, and she went to Jetroina.” 
“What did you say?” 
His words were so random that they seemed out of place, and it took Devin completely by surprise. 
It was not until Henrick turned around with the sniper rifle and the sunlight reflected off the scope’s glass into a bright spot on Devin’s body that he had a realization. 
Immediately, he leaned to his side. 
Bang! 
At that instance, a bullet shot through his shoulder. Blood gushed out from the wound. 
“You betrayed me?” 
“N-no,” Henrick stuttered as he tried to deny it.
He remained in the same position and was flustered to see Devin survive the bullet in a situation like that. 
However, Devin did not care for his explanation at all and charged at him. 
Like a tiger pouncing on his prey, he leaped in front of Henrick while the latter was still flustered. He then swept Henrick’s legs out from under him, causing the traitor to crash to the ground with a loud thud. 
Without hesitation, he pressed his dagger against Henrick’s neck. 
“M-Major, please s-spare me…” 
“Spare you?” 
With bloodshot eyes, Devin stepped on Henrick’s back with all his might. Like slaughtering a chicken, blood began to trickle as he tightened his grip on the dagger. 
“When did you betray us? You did the same to Mark too, didn’t you?” 
“I-” 
“Mark told me that there was a spy in the team when those arms dealers ended up in the hands of the Zarain police, yet I didn’t believe him then. You guys have been with me for so many years, so why would you want to betray me?” 
As though his veins had burst inside of him, he uttered each word with agony.
###Chapter 1096
Chapter 1096
Devin could not understand why someone who had followed him for so many years would choose to betray him. 
As a superior, he was a great leader and a great commander. 
On a personal level, they were brothers-in-arms who had gone through countless battles together in life and death situations. So, why did he do it? 
“Was it because the White House offered you something better? What did they promise you?” 
Silence fell upon them. 
Ashamed and ashen-faced, Henrick could not say a word. 
At that moment, Devin had a realization. 
Immediately, he looked up at the prisoner transporter that was approaching closer with reddened eyes. Then, with a stroke of the dagger, Henrick took his last breath in the world. 
He understood what Henrick had been offered for his betrayal. 
It was none other than taking over Devin’s position in the military once the Jadesons were gone and Devin dead. 
With Henrick dead, Devin kept his dagger and tore a piece of cloth from his shirt to wrap the wound on his shoulder. He then headed into the forest while crouched. 
“Major, w-what happened?” 
When the whole team saw Devin, they were both surprised and furious to see him wounded.
However, Devin waved his hand dismissively. 
“Our opponents have discovered us. We must get this over with as soon as possible. You guys will go and distract them in the front, and I’ll ambush from behind.” 
After what had happened, Devin quickly adjusted his plan. 
Yet, as soon as he finished his sentence, the team got very agitated. 
“How can we do that? Aren’t you putting yourself in danger if you ambush them from behind? Since they’ve discovered us, we can retreat anytime if we’re at the front, but they would definitely have their backs covered. Won’t you get caught if you stay and got discovered?” 
“Yes, Major. You mustn’t!” 
The team instantly knew what Devin had in mind as soon as he said that since they had been with him through thick and thin. 
Yet, Devin stood firm with his decision. 
He even brought up his position as their superior and said, “This is an order! Hurry up and head over to the front. Otherwise, you’ll be punished accordingly!” 
The team were at a loss for words. 
Finally, they gave in and brought their guns with them to the front reluctantly. 
Even so, they kept looking back as they left. 
Meanwhile, Devin did not look at them at all. Once he got rid of them, he took his gun and hid in the dense forest.
In reality, Devin did make changes to the plan. However, it was not the one he had mentioned to the team where they would split up and go in from both sides. Instead, his real plan was to kill those arms dealers directly. 
For him, they were better off dead if he had no control over them. 
Hence, Devin went behind the prisoner transporter as fast as he could. 
As expected, he could sense danger as soon as he was there. 
With a sense of being watched, he felt as though he could even smell the gunpowder in the air when he got there. 
Blood trickled down from his shoulder, and soon, the smell of blood was added into the air. 
Devin ignored all of that. When he heard the vehicles pass by the highway below him, he crouched down and went closer. Then, he moved the leaves away and looked down. 
Just as he expected, there were several cars following behind the prisoner transporter. 
Devin squatted down and pulled out the sniper rifle he had brought along with him. He adjusted the scope and soon, the gun was aimed at the most inconspicuous-looking van that was third in line. 
“Do you think that Jonathan’s grandson would really think we’re in that prisoner transporter at the front?” 
“I guess so. I heard our sniper fire off a shot just now. Hahahaha…” 
“And here I thought the Jadesons are super smart. Turns out they’re just a bunch of fools.” 
“Yeah. Hahahaha…”
The laughter went on. 
Since Devin was quite some distance away from those arms dealers, he could not hear what they said. 
Still, as a person who could speak many languages, he knew that they were mocking the Jadesons by reading their lips. 
Devin’s gaze darkened at that instance. He aimed his sniper rifle at the person who was laughing the most and pulled the trigger. 
Bang! 
Just like that, the bullet went through the window with ease and shot through the person’s head. 
The whole car fell silent. 
As though they were frozen, the people who were just mocking the Jadesons a minute ago did not move for more than ten seconds. 
At the sight of that, Devin fired another shot immediately. 
He wanted to kill all of them, and he needed to do it while they were still within sight.
###Chapter 1097
Chapter 1097
As expected, the second person died at the next shot. 
When that happened, the people in the car finally snapped back to their senses. Immediately, they started screaming in horror. 
The only arms dealer left, along with the two others who were accompanying him, cowered and quickly covered their heads with their hands. 
Devin’s eyes narrowed at the sight of that. Yet, the third shot followed. 
Bang! 
The bullet went through the window once again. 
However, since he had already killed two people and they had police who were familiar with snipers in the car, the shot missed. 
Instead, after the whole incident, the driver crashed the car into the barrier. The car then headed straight into the forest below the highway. 
“Damn it!” cursed Devin. 
He quickly collected his gun and got up. Then, he ran toward the forest to pursue them. 
As things were, the prisoner transporter was completely clueless about the situation, and the other police cars were far behind. Thus, he had a huge chance to kill the last arms dealer. 
Yet, when he got there and was about to start searching with his gun, he heard people yelling. 
“Didn’t you say he’s a useless piece of trash? Didn’t you say you got a hold of his woman, and you’ll be able to get rid of him anytime you want? How did this happen then? How did he manage to kill them!”
It was the remaining arms dealer who was yelling. 
Devin’s eyes flickered at his words. 
It was then he recalled Henrick mentioning something about a Ms. Woods getting out and going to Jetroina. 
Ms. Woods? Kira Woods? 
His pupils contracted at that thought. 
At that moment, a bullet came toward his back. 
Bang! 
Blood started spreading on a new spot on the clothes that were already stained red. This time, he did not manage to dodge it. As he felt the pain coming from his back, his vision dimmed. 
“Major! Major!” 
At that very same moment, the sounds of shots being fired went off behind him. 
The place had turned into a battlefield. Several men in green came down from the forest above the highway and fired back. 
Two of them quickly rushed to Devin’s side. 
“Major! Wake up, Major!” they choked out. 
Devin tried his best to gather himself. Soon, he was able to see that the people who were holding him were dressed in that familiar shade of green.
He extended his blood-soaked hands and pointed to the front as he said, “Help me… Kill him…” 
The men were a little taken aback before they screamed and started firing wildly. 
Fueled by grief and anger, they fired endlessly at the arms dealer. 
At that moment, nothing seemed worse than seeing their commander, the nation’s most outstanding soldier, fall at a place like that. 
Two of the team members were bawling their eyes out in front of their commander. 
The scene was similar to what happened all those years ago with Shin. 
Back then, Shin was also on a mission when he received news from Rufus that his pregnant wife, Frieda, was killed by the Jadesons. 
Stunned and furious, he was caught off guard by the enemy. 
In the end, he collapsed in front of Rufus. 
Meanwhile, Jonathan had arrived with ten military choppers and two fighter jets. They circled in the air while Zarain’s police and their collaborators were getting ready to kill everyone in the team. 
“Oh my God!” 
The police were rendered speechless at such a formidable scene. 
Their collaborators even ran away upon seeing that. 
Yet, how could Jonathan let them go?
Under his command, the fighter jets swooped down and dropped grenades on them. The entire mountain went up in flames almost immediately. 
As for the people, they were blown to bits. 
Hence, that was why people said never to mess with a tiger. No matter how old the tiger gets, even with its teeth all gone, one should never underestimate them. 
By the time Jonathan got off the chopper, Devin was already carried out from the forest. When Jonathan saw him covered in blood, he could not help but think of his son, Shin, and he stumbled at the sight of that. 
Is this karma? Because of how selfish and cold-blooded I was back then? 
Jonathan was filled with guilt as he saw the same tragedy happen to his grandson. 
Trembling, he went over to him one step at a time. Finally, he squatted down and called out, “Devin.” 
Devin’s lips moved slightly at the sound of his call. 
“Sabrina… Baby…” 
Tears rolled down Jonathan’s cheeks when he heard that. 
Yet, that was not even the worst part. “Give her… The medal…” 
Jonathan was at a loss for words. 
As though he was being ripped apart from the inside out, he watched as his grandson took his final breath. 
Finally, he felt the blood rush into his brain, and he collapsed on the spot.
###Chapter 1098
Chapter 1098
When Sebastian arrived, Jonathan had already been rushed to a local hospital. 
Devin’s body had been escorted to the funeral parlor by Jonathan’s troops as they waited for Sebastian to get here. 
“Mr. Sebastian, Mr. Devin is…” 
Mark, who had been waiting there all along, got to his feet when he saw Sebastian. His eyes were bloodshot and brimming with tears. 
Sebastian stood as still as a log at the funeral parlor. 
He wanted to say something, but when he saw the corpse that was pulled out of the mortuary freezer, his fingers quivered uncontrollably at the frost-engulfed face. 
He never once thought that this man would leave him. 
Devin has always stood by me, and this is how we part? 
Sebastian forced his stiff limbs into motion with his eyes still affixed to the cadaver. The excruciating pain he was going through felt as if his ribs had caved in. His sorrow was so immense that he needed to gasp for air. 
“Mr. Devin was trying to kill those arms dealers, and… and that cost him his life. I forewarned him about the risks.” Mark tried to explain. 
“If those people could somehow know about me coming here and got their hands on me the moment I arrived, they would’ve already known about his intention of taking their lives. In other words,” Mark stalled for a brief second, “he didn’t stand a chance. Yet, he insisted that the safety of the Jadesons weighed far more than his life.”
While swallowing his tears and repeatedly recollecting himself, Mark explained what led to the demise of Devin. 
Sebastian’s lips remained tightly pressed against each other. 
He hadn’t moved a muscle since he saw the corpse lying in the drawer. 
It’s not like I didn’t see this coming. After all, I was the one who asked Jonathan to come here to back Devin up. I knew what danger Devin was in! 
Unfortunately, it was a little too late. If Jonathan and Devin hadn’t kept all this from him, and he had realized what was going on a little bit earlier, this tragedy wouldn’t have occurred. 
For a long while, Sebastian remained in the mortuary. 
… 
Meanwhile, in Jetroina, Solomon was finishing up his soup in his ward. 
With a loud clink, he dropped his spoon in the bowl as his head jerked up upon hearing the news. 
There was a long pause before the words that were stuck in his throat finally made their way out. 
“You must be joking,” he rasped. 
One of his men, who had rushed back to break the news, shook his head before hanging it low. Solomon was devastated. 
“It’s true, Mr. George. Mr. Hayes is already in Zarain, and Jonathan was sent to the hospital because of this. He was still hospitalized when I left.” 
Silence ensued as Solomon struggled to let this news sink in.
It was so quiet that one could hear a pin drop. The solemnity in the ward was unbearable. 
Devin’s dead! 
Suddenly, a nurse walked into his room and stood by the door. “Mr. Akiyama, your sister was looking for a nurse just now and wanted to be moved to a regular ward. Shall I move her there?” she asked. 
Solomon jolted and yelled at the lady the second she finished her sentence, “Don’t you dare! I’m going to kill anyone who dares touch her! Leave her alone!” 
Disquietude took over, and he lost his last bit of composure. Within seconds, the delicate facial features under those gold-rimmed glasses lost every tinge of rosiness. 
The nurse almost jumped out of her skin. 
A few minutes later, at the obstetrics ward, Sabrina wanted to move to another ward but to no avail. 
Instead, Haruto and his fellow doctors attended to her. They pushed her into a fully isolated room without saying a word. 
“You… Dr. Shoki, what’s going on? Why am I put here all of a sudden?” 
Still lying on her bed, she pressed her hand firmly onto her balloon-like tummy, and her face was as pale as a ghost. 
Haruto scanned through a pile of data in front of her. “The data shows that your baby’s antibody level is lower than the standard. It’d be better for you to stay in this isolation room before your delivery.” 
It was absolute nonsense, but for someone like Sabrina, who knew nothing about medical practices, she took his word for it and stopped squirming.
When Solomon was pushed into Sabrina’s ward, he saw her pulling a long face and appearing irascible. 
“He said that there’s something wrong with my child’s immune system!” 
“It’s only the antibody level that’s not up to standard,” Solomon patiently corrected her. 
“Hmph!” Sabrina turned away in a huff. She then took the apple in front of her and scathingly gnawed on it. 
“Hey, I believe that you wanted to talk to Devin, right? I don’t mind passing you your phone, but Haruto did mention that it has bacteria all over it. Also, let’s not forget its radiative properties. Do you still wanna call him?” Solomon added. 
Crunch! 
Sabrina took another bite.
###Chapter 1099
Chapter 1099
“That won’t be necessary. Why call him? It’s not like he’s not coming.” Again, she turned her back toward him and sulked. 
Solomon silently let out a sigh of relief. 
Her reaction amused him, though. 
To see this lady getting down off her high horse for once was, indeed, a rare sight. 
Yet, the bad news that echoed in his brain cut that short moment of glee shorter. He almost smiled, but his sorrow pulled the corners of his mouth back down. 
“Whatever rocks your boat. Is there anything you want me to tell him? He should be here soon, I think.” 
“I couldn’t care less.” 
She went on munching her apple and responded in a coldly contemptuous tone. 
“Um…” 
Solomon didn’t know what to say. He turned away, and with his pale fingers gripping his wheelchair’s armrests tightly, he asked to be pushed out of the room. 
After exiting the room, the man pushing him gave in to curiosity and asked, “Mr. George, is Ms. Hayes going to stay here till the baby is born?” 
“If not?” Solomon knitted his brows. 
“Under our current circumstances, what would happen if you let her loose? Will she be able to handle the fact that the father to her child is no longer alive? Please be reminded that she isn’t in a stable condition right now.”
Solomon sank deep into thoughts and didn’t utter a word. 
Seeing this, the man stopped talking. 
Maybe he’s right. This is the best way to protect the mother and the child. 
Over in Zarain, Sebastian planned to release the news of Devin’s death only after the baby was born. 
However, he didn’t expect the damage done to Jonathan would be so severe that the latter was still in a life-threatening state even after the operation. 
“Mr. Hayes, we’ve given our best. Mr. Jadeson has had a heart attack previously, and the recent shocking news only dented his health further. He’s extremely blessed to still be alive.” 
Jonathan’s primary surgeon was a reliable doctor from the embassy whom Sebastian appointed upon arriving here. 
He was as straight as a die. 
After listening to the surgeon’s explanation, Sebastian looked at the unconscious old man with all sorts of needles and tubes sticking into him. This additional shock to his previous trauma almost squeezed his life out of him. 
“Uh… S-so… what would become of him?” 
“He might be bedridden for the rest of his life.” 
“O-Old Mr. Jadeson…” Mark sobbed out as tears dribbled down his cheeks. 
As for Sebastian, he couldn’t put his current sentiments into words. After Jonathan was pushed out of sight, his knees buckled, and he slumped onto the bench behind him.
How did all this happen? 
He’d been through quite a lot throughout his life—having a rare disease when he was a child, enduring the unfortunate event that fell upon the Hayeses, invading Jadeborough, and sparking an internal conflict between the Jadesons. 
All the mentioned incidents were nothing but petrifying and dreadful. 
Nevertheless, after seeing what had happened personally, his hands couldn’t stop trembling while he sat lifelessly on the bench. 
Even he himself didn’t know if it was due to rage or grief over having one family member dead and another wounded. 
He was completely shattered. 
He remembered how unattached he was to these two members of his new family back then. He despised and shunned them and had always wanted to steer clear from being related to them. 
Sebastian dropped his face into his palms. 
Buzz… Buzz… 
“Hello?” 
“Sebastian, are you in Zarain? I’ve already arrived at Oceanic Estate. Don’t worry. I won’t let any news seep into Jadeborough before you decide that it’s time.” 
A gentle and clear voice came through the other end of the line. It was Sasha, and surprisingly, she sounded more composed than him.
When she got to know about the incident, she immediately rushed to the place that would most probably be the eye of the storm. She wanted him to know that he had nothing to fret about with her by his side. 
Sebastian’s tough shell finally cracked! 
He squeezed the phone in his palm and let tears brim his eyes, trying hard to suppress his urge to kill those who’d brought harm to his family and the agony that was tormenting his soul. 
“Okay. We’ll incinerate Devin’s body in Zarain. After Sabrina’s delivery, she and her baby will be escorted home by the army.” 
“Roger that!” 
“One more thing, Grandpa is paralyzed. If anyone in the military asks about his condition, tell them that he had a heavy fall and needs some time to recuperate before he can return.” 
“Sure.” Another crisp response from Sasha. 
They then hung up. Not a word more was shared between the couple. 
Mark, who had been standing by the door, was slightly stunned by the change in Sebastian after the call. 
He wasn’t sure what Sebastian talked about, but he could see that the gloom and doom in his eyes were washed away after the call. 
Sebastian lifted his chin, straightened his back, and swiftly got off the bench.
###Chapter 1100
Chapter 1100
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1100 
After twenty days, Sabrina finally flared up. 
“Where’s Devin? Where did that b*stard go? Why isn’t he here yet? Get him here now!” 
The pain of giving birth caused the lady to drop all pretenses. She lay on the bed, sweating profusely while yelling for Devin. 
Her longing for him had not abated during these past twenty days. 
Solomon stood outside the door. After hearing Sabrina’s pained cries, he could not control himself. His face pale, he looked at Haruto, who was beside him. 
“Why is she screaming like that? She sounds like a dying pig. Is she all right?” 
Haruto was at a loss for words. 
Like a dying pig? He hasn’t been scolded or hit by her in the past few days. Is he just itching for a beating? 
“Relax. Every woman who gives birth is like that. Just wait, since she’s been resting well these twenty days, she’ll definitely give birth to a healthy niece or nephew for you.” 
Solomon was silent. 
A niece or nephew? 
He found the term was a little unfamiliar to him. 
However, after he snapped out of his daze, he felt better.
Sabrina stayed in the delivery room for three hours. With a loud wail, the baby was finally born. 
“It’s a girl! Mrs. Jadeson, look at your beautiful baby.” 
After the midwife delivered the baby, she was so exhilarated that she brought the infant to the exhausted Sabrina even without wiping the blood clean. 
A girl? 
Sabrina was too tired to talk. 
Nevertheless, she still turned to gaze at the child when it was brought to her. 
Soon after, she saw a small and pink face. This is very magical. Though this small child has just been born, her face looks exactly like her father’s. 
“That b*stard!” 
When she saw that small face, she felt the joy of being a mother for the first time. At the same time, she also longed for Devin 
Finally, she covered her mouth and laughed till she cried. 
“She’s called Jaena.” 
“Jaena?” 
The midwives in the delivery room brightened up and looked at the baby when they heard her name. 
The name sounded really beautiful. Besides, her father personally came up with it. 
Thus, Sabrina finally birthed another descendant of the Jadesons healthily.
The recovery was smooth. After a week, Sabrina could walk around freely in the hospital room. Sometimes, she even carried her baby to go out for a walk. 
However, as time passed, she felt increasingly upset with the man that had not visited her in a long while. 
“Hello, your call is unable to be connected temporarily.” 
“Hello, you…” 
On this day, she could not reach Devin when she tried to call him again. 
Suddenly, she threw down her phone in anger. 
“Where is Solomon? Tell him that I’m returning to my country. Get him to buy a plane ticket for me now! I’m going to bring my child with me and kill that b*stard when I’m back!” 
She was so infuriated that she wanted Solomon to buy her a plane ticket immediately. 
After the man wearing black heard her, he could only go to the internal medicine ward of the hospital to find Solomon. 
After listening to what Sabrina wanted, Solomon gazed at the stormy sky outside the window. He sat in his wheelchair and thought for a long while. Ultimately, he replied, “Please tell her to come here.” 
“Yes, Mr. George.” 
His subordinate left. 
After a short while, the sound of Sabrina’s heels clicking on the floor could be heard.
Though it had only been a week since she gave birth, she had regained her sexy appearance quickly. She wore a small leather top and paired it with an A-line mini skirt. If it was not for the baby in her arms, no one would have believed that she had just given birth. 
Of course, due to the physique of her body, she had not gained weight at all during her pregnancy. 
“Why did you tell me to come here? Isn’t my ID card with you?” 
Her attitude was very impolite when she went in. 
Solomon completely ignored her words. Glancing briefly at her, he turned his gaze to the baby who was sleeping soundly in her arms. He reached out his hands and said, “Let me carry her.” 
Sabrina paused. 
Is this useless man out of his mind? If he wanted to hold the baby, couldn’t he have come to the obstetrics ward instead? Why did he have to ask me to come here? 
Reluctantly, she shoved the child into his arms. 
Solomon hugged the small bundle, then grabbed the remote and switched on the television. 
Sabrina could only stare at him in bewilderment. 
“You-” 
“Ladies and gentlemen, we have arrived at the airport. Here, we can already see the accompanying troops who have arrived. They are carrying our hero’s ashes, Commander Devin Jadeson from the special forces, out of the plane.” 
The newscaster’s clear and loud voice could be heard from the television, interrupting Sabrina’s words.
Sabrina was stunned. 
What did I just hear? 
“Major Devin was sacrificed in the international firearms smuggling case. He has been the highest- ranked casualty in recent years. He worked for thirteen years and made many contributions to the nation. In addition, he had saved the lives of innocents in many terrorism cases. He is a hero of our country and the world!”
###Chapter 1101
Chapter 1101
The sounds from the television did not stop. 
The soldiers carried the urn, which had a flag wrapped around it, down the plane. With every step they took, the newscaster’s voice became more agitated. 
It was as if she wanted to etch the name of this hero into the audience’s hearts. 
Sabrina could not hear anything else but a buzzing in her ears. 
The small urn with a red flag on it was the only thing she could see. 
That’s impossible. 
How could this be possible? He didn’t even have a chance to look at our newborn daughter. How could he die just like that? 
Besides, he was supposed to be in Jadeborough. He didn’t tell me that he was participating in some firearms smuggling case. 
She started to search her pockets like a person who had lost all sense of awareness. Staring fiercely at the television screen, both of her hands burrowed into her red miniskirt. 
“What are you looking for?” Solomon probed as he noticed Sabrina’s actions. 
She was a little dazed. “I’m looking for my phone. I want to call him.” 
Solomon kept quiet. 
After a small pause, he still gave her his phone. 
After receiving it with her cold hands, she quickly dialed that familiar phone number.
“Beep… Beep…” 
“Hello?” 
“Devin! Is that you? Where are you? Huh? Where are you!” 
Like a drowning person grasping at a piece of driftwood, she instantly started to yell when she heard a voice on the other end of the line. 
Nevertheless, she was devastated as the person denied that he was Devin. 
“I’m not Devin. It’s me, your brother, Sebastian.” 
She paused. 
After what seemed like half a century, Sabrina clutched the phone and heard herself ask, “Then… Where is he? Is he with you?” 
Sebastian replied, “Yes. If your circumstances allow you to, you could bring your child here. That way, when he’s being buried, she can show him some filial piety.” 
Thud! 
In the next instance, the phone slipped from Sabrina’s hands before she collapsed to the floor. 
“Sabrina!” 
“Ms. Sabrina!” 
Two figures dashed toward her.
Sebastian was indeed more ruthless than Solomon. He did not say that Devin had died but directly told her that her newborn baby had to return to pay her respects to the dead man. 
There was nothing more brutal than that. 
However, it was only through this method that the woman would be able to face this new reality. 
She had to know about this, sooner or later. 
As Sabrina and her child sat on the return flight home, she appeared to have lost her soul. She numbly sat at the window seat, looking ahead with blank eyes. 
If it wasn’t for the baby in her arms moving occasionally, causing her to pat her from time to time, she would be no different from a corpse. 
When the mother and daughter went back to Jadeborough, Red Pavilion was furnished with white crocuses and was full of mourners. The majority of people there wanted to send him off after hearing about his heroic story. 
Sabrina stood outside the villa, hugging her child. 
She stared at the mourning hall, which was full of flower wreaths. When she saw the picture in front of her, she could not hold on any longer and felt a sickly-sweet taste in her throat. 
Carrying her child, she slowly keeled over in the mourning hall. 
“Sab-” 
“Sabrina!” 
The astonished voices around her crashed over her like a wave.
Laying on the cold floor, she blearily saw Devin gently smiling down on her. 
“Darling, you’ve returned?” 
“I’m back. You see, I even gave birth to a beautiful daughter for you, Darling.” 
It was the first time that she’d addressed him like that. 
After that, she offered the baby up for him to see. 
However, she was unable to let him view her in the end as she lost consciousness. Her child had to be taken away as well. 
Devin, I’m so tired. If you really leave, please bring me with you. I don’t want to chase after you anymore… 
… 
After Sebastian had met the people from the White House who offered their condolences, he hurriedly went to his wife. 
“What happened?” 
“Sab is back. She fainted at the entrance of Red Pavilion while carrying her baby. I’ve sent her upstairs. It’s not a big deal; she just suffered a great shock. How’s it going for you?” 
Sasha’s head was embellished with a small white flower. 
She wore a black dress and looked simple and neat, adhering to the solemn atmosphere of the funeral.
Sebastian’s gaze abruptly turned cold. “Hmph, those wolves are all here. They first visited Jonathan in Oceanic Estate, then came here. Seeing that I’m the only one left in the Jadesons, they must be happy now.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Due to the recent events, Sebastian’s face had grown thinner. Her heart ached for him. 
“All right, stop overthinking. Isn’t this what you wanted in the first place?” 
She brought over the bowl of hearty stew that she had prepared for him.
###Chapter 1102
Chapter 1102
Finishing that bowl of stew, Sebastian quickly went out. 
Sasha also went downstairs. 
Jonathan was paralyzed and Devin had passed away suddenly. Thus, Sasha and Sebastian were now the only support for the Jadesons. ively speaking, she was now the real matriarch of this family. 
“Madam, the other noble ladies are here to offer their condolences.” 
“Okay.” 
Sasha quickly adjusted her clothing, making sure her appearance was proper. She then went to the mourning hall. 
Undoubtedly, after she arrived at the mourning hall, she saw many unfamiliar faces. In terms of their appearance and the way they carried themselves, one could tell that they were wealthy and respectable women. 
“Madams, Mrs. Jadeson is here.” 
Olivia, who was helping out at the mourning hall, quickly introduced Sasha to the women when she came down. 
Those women looked at Sasha. 
Jadeborough wasn’t like Avenport. It was a powerhouse and where the cream of the crop in society gathered. Therefore, one should not look down on any of these wives here. 
Sasha carried herself with decorum as she made her way to them. 
“Hello. My apologies for being such a poor host, but I’ve been very busy today.”
“It doesn’t matter, Mrs. Jadeson. You’re being too polite. We’re just here to pay our last respects to Major Devin.” 
“Yes.” 
After noticing that Sasha was so young, the women unanimously beamed happily, just like what Sebastian had mentioned before. 
Sasha smiled before leading them to the mourning hall to pay their respects. 
After they were done, they comforted Sasha for a while, acting like they truly cared about her. They told her that since the two pillars of support of the Jadesons had collapsed, she could approach them for help if she needed it. 
Approach them for help? 
Sasha put on a grateful expression. “Okay, thank you so much. If I need help next time, I will definitely approach you.” 
“Yes, you must remember that we’ve always been on good terms with Old Mr. Jadeson and Major Deviman’s parents. There’s no need to stand on formalities in front of us.” 
“Indeed. You can also visit us at Golden Heights.” 
One of the women gave her a pretty golden card as she spoke. 
Golden Heights? 
Sasha looked keenly at the small card. 
However, there were many people around, so she could not take a good look at it. After bidding farewell to them, she had to greet new guests shortly after.
By the time night fell, all the guests had left. Finally, she dragged her tired body up the stairs. 
“Olivia, how is Sabrina?” 
“You’re back, Madam. After Ms. Sabrina awoke, she has been sitting on her bed and refusing to eat.” 
Olivia was looking after Sabrina and her daughter. After seeing Sasha, she came over with the baby and explained the situation to her. 
Sabrina had only been awake for a short while. 
As Sasha was afraid something might happen to the latter, she specially used a needle to keep Sabrina unconscious for a few hours. Once Devin’s ashes were buried, she gradually came to as well. 
Unexpectedly, after she awoke, she did not kick up a fuss. 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat as she went into the room. 
“Sab, you’re awake? Are you… Are you hungry? I’ll cook for you.” She observed Sabrina as she approached the bed. 
Something was indeed off about Sabrina. 
Her gaze was empty and her skin was pale. Like a doll, Sabrina blankly stared at the view outside. One could only guess what she was thinking about. 
“Sab?” 
“Madam, you don’t have to talk to her anymore. She won’t have any reaction. Her baby was hungry just now and cried so loudly, but she did not move at all.”
With reddened eyes, Olivia explained to Sasha. 
Sasha’s heart sank further after hearing Olivia’s words. 
She understood Sabrina’s reaction to this major blow. Back when she awoke in Jetroina, she was just as devastated when she heard that Sebastian had changed completely. 
However, Devin was completely gone in this case. 
Sasha decided to leave her alone for the moment. 
“Pass the child to me. When Dr. Wallen arrives, tell him to put her on a drip. I’ll have to trouble you to take care of her tonight.” 
As she spoke, she took the child away from the housemaid. 
After two hours, Sebastian came back. He removed his jacket and dragged his tired feet to the room. With bloodshot eyes, he caught sight of the small baby placed on the bed. 
In addition, he also saw the woman who was feeding the child while dozing off. 
After struggling for so long, she was probably very tired. 
“Darling?” 
“Oh? You’re back?” 
Sasha, who was yawning, immediately opened her eyes.
###Chapter 1103
Chapter 1103
Sebastian made his way over and scooped the child into his embrace. “Why is this kid here? Where is her mom?” 
Compared to Sasha, Sebastian looked more at ease with the child. 
Sebastian’s experience must have stemmed from his past when he raised Ian. 
Sasha pushed herself upright. Due to her uncomfortable position earlier, her arm throbbed sorely. She sat on the edge of the bed and rolled her shoulders to relieve the ache. 
“She’s on a drip for refusing to eat or drink. Ever since she woke up, she’s been looking dazed and out of it. How can she take care of her baby?” 
Sebastian fell silent. 
He looked at the child in his arms as his brows furrowed tighter. His body seemed to stiffen in frustration too. 
In the end, Sebastian did not lash out. When he noticed that the baby girl had fallen asleep, he carried her to the bed and tucked her in carefully. 
“Oh, I received a card today,” Sasha said. 
“What card?” 
Sasha took out the golden card she received from the women earlier. 
Although she wasn’t a local, she could tell that the card was unique. It stood out because of its detailed and elegant design. Furthermore, the card was emblazoned with real gold.
“Who gave it to you?” Sebastian asked when he took the card from her hands. A similar look of puzzlement crossed his face as he observed it. 
Quickly, Sasha explained how she met those two ladies earlier. 
“I’m not sure of her name, but I noticed the jewelry draped around her neck. It’s the type that’s worth tens of millions.” 
“Oh?” Sebastian continued to scrutinize the card. “There are many people who can afford such things in the White House. However, Golden Heights is no ordinary place.” 
“Really?” When she heard his words, Sasha’s sleepiness vanished into thin air. 
She made her way toward Sebastian’s side with her bright eyes fixated on the gold card. 
Sebastian nodded. “Golden Heights is a place where the rich wives of Jadeborough like to gather. Didn’t Janice bring it up before? Alfred’s first wife came from there.” 
Out of the blue, he brought up the topic of Janice and Alfred’s first wife. 
Immediately, Sasha understood his words as she let out a sigh of relief. 
“Doesn’t this mean that we finally have a lead? I can use this card to mingle with these women and enter their inner circle to look for clues. You don’t have to worry about not being able to find those b*stards anymore!” Sasha told him in earnest. 
All of a sudden, it looked like she had renewed vigor. All of her exhaustion was replaced with determination and excitement. 
Sebastian tilted his head down to look at her.
Out of nowhere, he felt his heart skip a beat. Without another word, he reached out and pulled Sasha into his embrace. 
Even after everything they had been through, he still felt guilty for how he treated her in the past. 
That night, they hugged the little girl to sleep. 
On the next day, Sasha planned to return to Oceanic Estate and look for Janice, who was still held captive there. Sasha wanted to obtain more information regarding Golden Heights by asking Janice about it. 
However, the moment she cracked her eyes open, Olivia’s screams drifted into the room. 
“Madam, Ms. Sabrina has gone missing!” Olivia’s piercing yell alerted the entire villa. 
Immediately, Sasha rushed out of the bedroom without care about her appearance as she hurtled down the stairs. 
True to Olivia’s words, Sasha was greeted with an empty bed when she opened Sabrina’s door. The only thing left in the room was the IV drip that Sabrina must have yanked out of her body. 
“How could she disappear like that?” Sasha cried out. 
She gathered the housemaids and ordered them to search around the Red Pavilion. 
Yet, Sasha’s blood ran cold. Even after a thorough search around the villa, no one found Sabrina. 
“Madam, what do we do?” 
“Call Sebastian at once! Get him to come back and search for her!” Sasha instructed.
In the midst of her panic, she asked the maids to call Sebastian. 
What am I going to do now? Sabrina’s condition is not that good. Not only did she give birth just a week ago, but she also refused to eat or drink yesterday. What if she gets into an accident? Besides, Sabrina is no ordinary woman. She’s skilled in martial arts. If she loses control, she might get into trouble. Worse yet, she might hurt herself! 
Fortunately, Sebastian brought his men along to start a search as soon as he received the news. 
Unbeknownst to them, it would be impossible to locate Sabrina. She had already boarded a train headed toward Yorksland. 
“Mommy, that woman is still in her pajamas,” a little girl whispered to her mother when Sasha took a seat opposite her. 
Not only was Sasha still wearing her pajamas, but she also had on furry slippers. Her hair was also incredibly disheveled. Overall, it looked like she’d just crawled out of bed. 
However, Sasha turned a deaf ear to the girl’s hushed whisper and gazed at the scenery outside.
###Chapter 1104
Chapter 1104
Immediately, the little girl’s mother covered her daughter’s mouth. “Shh, don’t say such things. She might hit you!” 
Hit her? Does the lady think that I’m mental? 
Despite the woman’s words, Sabrina did not react. Instead, she remained in her seat for the whole four-hour journey like a puppet with its strings cut. 
Her eerie silence and stillness terrified the other passengers. 
By the time she reached Yorksland, most of the passengers around her had opted to sit somewhere else. The seats around her were virtually empty. 
“May I know your destination, miss?” The train attendant asked hesitantly. She must have noticed Sasha’s odd behavior. 
Initially, Sasha wanted to ignore her. 
However, when she trudged out of the train, she noticed that she’d reached the end of the train line. A momentary look of surprise flashed across her empty gaze. 
“Does this train travel to Zarain?” 
“What?” The train attendant gaped at her in shock. Is she all right? Why does she look so out of it? I can’t believe she asked such an outrageous question. After all, this train only operates within the country; it doesn’t venture beyond the borders. 
Immediately, the train attendant went on her guard. 
Her wariness heightened when she noticed a dark red mark on Sasha’s buttocks.
“Miss, this train only operates within this country. If you wish to travel to Zarain, you would need to switch trains,” the train attendant replied. 
“How do I do that?” 
“It’s simple. All you have to do is purchase a ticket to Zarain at the counter. Miss, do you want me to bring you to the counter?” the train attendant suggested carefully. 
After Sabrina mulled over the offer, she shook her head. “It’s fine. Why don’t you help me purchase the ticket? I’ll wait for you here.” 
With that, she drew out a stack of bills from her pocket. 
The train attendant gulped as she stared at the bills clutched in Sasha’s grasp. “Miss, if I may ask, w- why are you traveling to Zarain?” she stammered nervously. 
How unbelievable! Not only is she dressed strangely, but she doesn’t seem to be right in the head either. To top it all off, this woman just casually took out such a large amount of cash from her pocket without batting an eye! 
The train attendant used her smartphone and texted the stationmaster in secret. 
“I’m looking for my husband. He hasn’t returned from Zarain in a long time. I’m going to look for him and bring him home to meet our child,” Sasha murmured as she looked at the sky. Her eyes were as bleak as ever. 
The train attendant jolted in shock when she heard Sasha’s explanation. 
Oh? She’s looking for her husband? But why does she look like her soul has left her body? Judging from the hollow look in her eyes, I don’t think she’s mentally stable.
Sasha’s odd demeanor caused the train attendant’s skin to prickle with unease. 
At the same time, the train attendant received a reply from the stationmaster. Think of a way to escort her to the waiting room. I’m heading there right now. 
The train attendant heaved out a sigh of relief. “Miss, since you plan to go to Zarain, you’ll need to wait in the other waiting room. This is a local line, while the train that goes out of the country is on the other side,” she coaxed. 
“Really?” Sasha felt a rush of impatience. 
However, she resisted the urge to lash out and followed the train attendant without another word. After all, she wanted to get to Zarain as soon as possible. 
When they arrived at the waiting room, the stationmaster was already waiting for them. After he sized Sasha up, he quickly instructed the other attendants to take a picture of her so they could identify her family. 
“Miss, I heard that you plan to travel to Zarain?” 
“Yes. When can we leave?” Sasha snapped irritably when the uniformed middle-aged man approached her. 
Despite her rude answer, the stationmaster smiled. “Please don’t worry, the train will be leaving shortly. We have many shifts heading toward Zarain too. Miss, could you please give me your identification card? I need it to help you book a ticket.” 
In truth, he wanted Sasha’s identification card so he could identify her and contact her family. 
Yet, Sasha’s patience snapped like a frayed thread the moment he asked that. “I don’t have it!”
“Huh?” 
Her curt answer left everyone stunned. 
She doesn’t have her identification card on her? Then how did she board the train? 
Unbeknownst to them, the woman seated before them was no ordinary woman. She could vault through the train window whenever she pleased. 
The train attendant and stationmaster left, looking even more troubled than before. 
“Call the other stations and check where she boarded,” the stationmaster said solemnly. 
“Yes, Sir.” 
“Also, contact the nearby hospital and get them to send someone over.” This was the stationmaster’s final instruction. He had no intentions of helping Sasha purchase a ticket to Zarain. 
Sasha remained in the waiting room as she waited impatiently. She was clueless about the exchange between the train attendant and stationmaster. Instead, her mind was filled with worry. I need to hurry. Jaena is still waiting for me. If I don’t bring Devin back, she might burst into tears. 
She rose to her feet and paced back and forth around the waiting room. 
All of a sudden, an ambulance pulled up outside of the waiting room. Several men in white coats emerged from the ambulance and entered the waiting room.
###Chapter 1105
Chapter 1105
“Is that her?” 
“Yes, that’s her!” Out of nowhere, the train attendant emerged and pointed Sabrina out to the doctors. 
Sabrina halted in her tracks. 
She looked at the approaching doctors with a dangerous gleam in her eyes. In the blink of an eye, her entire demeanor changed. A menacing aura radiated from her tensed figure. 
Unfortunately, the doctors and attendant did not notice until they were right in front of Sabrina. 
Bang! 
A chair was hurled in their direction. 
With her deadly aim, the chair collided against one of the doctors as he staggered backward with a pained scream. 
Seeing the chaotic scene unfolding before them, the other occupants of the waiting room became scared out of their wits. 
Even the doctors and train attendant were utterly stunned. 
How is she so terrifyingly strong? 
Yet, Sasha was not done with her attacks. Immediately, she caught sight of the coiled rope in one of the doctors’ hands, and realization dawned upon her. 
Without warning, she lashed out. 
Bang!
Crack! 
Thud! 
Like a line of dominoes, the doctors and train attendant toppled under Sasha’s relentless attacks. 
After her blows, they couldn’t even get up on their own. 
“You’re lucky that I’m feeling generous today, or I would have ended all of you!” Sasha declared as she kicked one of the doctors aside. With a scowl, she brandished a warning finger toward their limp bodies and strolled out. 
A deathly silence descended over the waiting room as everyone was stunned speechless. 
She must be a lunatic! They couldn’t believe that Sasha had just singlehandedly beaten a group of men. 
After Sasha exited the train station, she hailed a taxi. 
Once she got in the car, Sasha felt her lower stomach flare in pain. The sudden pain made her double over as she cradled her stomach. 
“Miss, are you all right?” the taxi driver asked with worry when he noticed Sasha bent over. 
Much to his shock, her head snapped upward immediately. The woman’s hair was plastered to her sweaty forehead as her bloodshot eyes met his through the mirror in a ferocious stare. 
“Start driving.” Sasha pulled out the stack of bills from her pocket. “Save for a plane or train, do you know how I can get to Zarain? If you can bring me there, I’ll give you all of this money.” 
Seeing the outrageous sum of money, the driver’s eyes lit up.
“Of course! We’re at the border. If you want to reach Zarain, all you have to do is hire a chartered vehicle.” 
“A chartered vehicle?” Sasha echoed in confusion. 
“Yes, but let me make this clear upfront. These cars weren’t designed to be flashy. On the contrary, they’re intended for smuggling hidden goods. It’s the same thing as boarding a plane without proper identification.” 
Unexpectedly, Sasha met a driver who understood her intentions. 
After she considered his words, she didn’t dwell on them further. She tossed the cash into his lap. “Take this. You’ll get more once we arrive at Zarain.” 
“Yes, miss!” The driver beamed from ear to ear. 
Promptly, he sped toward the black market for chartered vehicles. 
… 
Back at Oceanic Estate, Sebastian finally received news from Yorksland. Without any delay, he dispatched Devin’s forces and Oceanic Estate’s security team. 
He even mobilized SteelFort. 
“Mr. Jadeson, we received a call from Jadeborough’s train station. Apparently, the Yorksland staff called and inquired about a woman who boarded the train without a ticket.” 
“And?” Sebastian demanded.
Before Sebastian could receive a reply from Devin’s men, SteelFort’s forces sent him some security footage. 
“Mr. Hayes, we’ve located Ms. Sabrina. Her last sighting was in Yorksland. We did a nationwide search and noticed a brawl that occurred at the train station. The brawl involved a woman and five doctors. She crushed the doctors and a train attendant in the span of a few minutes!” the member of SteelFort explained as he sent the video. 
When Sebastian played the video, the woman on the screen caught his attention immediately. In the footage, she was seen kicking several men with her slipper-clad feet. 
Both Sebastian and Tony stared at the footage with muted shock. 
Both men were at a loss for words. Finally, Sebastian snapped out of his daze. “Contact our men there at once! I want her exact location!” Sebastian was so livid that the veins across his forehead felt like they were going to burst. 
“Yes, Mr. Jadeson!” Tony wasted no time and scurried off to carry out Sebastian’s orders. 
Not long later, Sasha rushed over after she caught wind of the news. “Sab went to Yorksland? Why did she go there all alone? Is she trying to go to Zarain?” 
“So?” Sebastian retorted coldly. 
“She’s still trying to get to Zarain even after Devin’s death. Aren’t you worried? It’s clear that she’s not in a good headspace. What if something happens when we aren’t there?” Since Sasha was a doctor, she picked up on Sabrina’s odd demeanor right away. 
Yet, Sebastian remained as calm as ever. His poised gaze swept toward Sasha.
Is it just my imagination? Or does Sebastian seem more relieved now that he knows where Sabrina’s destination is?
###Chapter 1106
Chapter 1106
“Don’t worry. I’ve made the appropriate arrangements. There will be someone from the Jadesons waiting there.” 
“Oh? Is that so?” Sasha looked at him, puzzled by his words. 
After the driver brought Sabrina to the black market, she entered a black car. But, before she could exit Yorksland, a white Mercedes Benz made its way from the highway’s entrance and pulled up in front of Sabrina’s vehicle. 
“Who are you?” 
A tall man stepped out of the Mercedes Benz. “Open the door and let the woman go. Do it, and I’ll pretend this never happened,” he uttered in a deep and husky timbre. 
Although the dim evening light made it difficult to discern the man’s features, his voice made it evident that he was a young man. 
Caught red-handed, the driver had no choice but to open the door. 
As soon as the door opened, the young man caught sight of a pajama-clad woman in the back seat. With her arms cradled around her stomach, she was curled up so tightly that she resembled a ball. 
Her odd position caused the man to jolt in shock. “Are you Sabrina? Your brother instructed me to come here,” he called out after a brief moment of pause. 
Immediately, Sabrina lifted her head. Even when illuminated by the faint light, Sabrina’s face looked deathly pale. It was as if all color had drained from her cheeks. 
“My brother? Who are you talking about?” she asked.
“Yariel,” the man replied with a purse of his lips. 
Yariel? Isn’t Yariel Sebastian? 
Sabrina’s tensed body relaxed before she curled in on herself again. “Why did he get you to come here? Go away, don’t stop me.” 
Not only had Sabrina just given birth seven days ago, but she’d also received a piece of devastating news that had a detrimental impact on her mental health. Clearly, she had not recovered from both. 
The sight of her curled-up body caused the man to frown. 
Without another word, he bent down and carried her out of the car like she weighed nothing. 
“What are you doing? Let me go!” Sabrina was caught off-guard by the man’s actions. As soon as he scooped her into his embrace, her eyes flew open as she began to thrash wildly in his arms. 
Yet, his fingers clamped around her body, preventing her from moving around. Try as she might, Sabrina could not break free from his iron-like grip. By the time she was carried into the Mercedes Benz, all of the fight had drained out of her body. 
“Let go of me! Who on earth are you? Who gave you the permission to touch me? Open the door this instant!” Sabrina cried out hysterically. 
“Me?” The man locked the door behind him and watched as Sabrina pounded her fists against the glass. 
Finally, he lifted his head and angled his face into the light to reveal a handsome face. “My name is Edmund Cooper. Strictly speaking, I didn’t come here because of Yariel. I am much more familiar with your husband, Devin.”
The moment she heard Devin’s name, Sabrina halted her frenzied screaming. 
Devin? 
It was as if she’d snapped out of her daze. Her bloodshot eyes snapped toward the man. “You know him?” 
Edmund nodded. “Yes. In truth, the Coopers and Jadesons have always worked together in the Jadeborough White House. While your husband is more focused on the military, we tend to focus on civil matters instead. Do you get it?” Edmund explained patiently. 
The Coopers? 
The name did not ring a bell in Sabrina’s head because she’d never heard Devin mention it before. 
Yet, the mention of Devin’s name seemed to calm her down as she regained her senses and stopped trying to escape. 
Pleased that she’d stopped struggling, Edmund drove back to the city center of Yorksland and sent her to the hospital. 
As soon as she noticed that she was being sent to the hospital, Sabrina raised her guard. “Why are you bringing me to the hospital? I’m not sick! You think I’m mental, don’t you? I’m not!” she shrieked. 
Without warning, Sabrina began to struggle violently as she tried to flee. 
This time, Edmund made no move to touch her. Instead, he kept his distance. When he opened the car door, his dark gaze swept over her body. “Don’t worry. I noticed that you didn’t look too good, so it’d be best if you get a check-up. After all, how are you going to meet your husband in Zarain if you fall sick?” 
A look of astonishment flitted across Sabrina’s eyes before she fell silent again.
Ten minutes later, Sabrina completed her medical check-up. 
“Sir, did the patient just give birth? It looks like her uterus is on the verge of prolapse. How did it get like this? Didn’t she rest after delivering her baby?” The doctor identified the reason for Sabrina’s pain immediately. 
On the bed, Sabrina remained silent. 
However, Edmund’s calm demeanor shifted into one of surprise. “Doctor, is she all right?” A look of worry painted his handsome face.
###Chapter 1107
Chapter 1107
On the other hand, the doctor looked astounded by the sudden shift in Edmund’s mood. 
“No worries, it is fortunate that you brought her here on time. She will be fine after some medication and a good rest in the hospital tonight,” the doctor said to reassure Edmund. At the same time, he began to record Sabrina’s name into the hospital registry. 
Hence, Sabrina was forced to stay the night in the hospital. 
After a woman gave birth, a lack of rest would cause her to suffer a uterine prolapse. If the woman did not receive appropriate medical treatment, it would become fatal. 
After Oceanic Estate received news of Sabrina’s condition, its residents were worried and anxious. 
The moment Sasha caught wind of the news, she took the lift down and ran toward Jonathan’s room to ask Sebastian. “Sebastian, who on earth is Edmund? Do you know him? How did he manage to locate Sab? Most importantly, can we trust him?” 
It was a strange sight to see Jonathan and Sebastian in the same room. 
After Jonathan became paralyzed, they could barely stand each other’s presence. 
Yet, Sebastian now took one or two hours out of his day to drop by Jonathan’s room. 
Occasionally, he would bring his notebook and mind his own business. Sometimes, he would bring a chessboard along with him. Though Jonathan could no longer move, Sebastian would move the chess pieces according to his instructions. 
When Sasha burst into the room, both men were engrossed in their game of chess. 
They froze when they heard Sasha’s words.
“Edmund? Is she talking about senator Benedict’s illegitimate child?” Jonathan was the first to break the silence. 
“Yeah. Coincidentally, Edmund was in Yorksland. I heard that he’s a good man of good character. Besides, he used to know Devin. Hence, I decided to contact him and asked his help to stop Sabrina,” Sebastian replied as he moved his chess piece. 
Jonathan, who was immobile on the bed, widened his eyes in astonishment. 
Where did he get this information from? 
After all, he’d never disclosed such information to Sebastian before. 
Sasha was equally shocked. “Can he be trusted? Since his father is a senator, doesn’t that mean he’s part of the Congress?” she murmured softly, her voice trailed off at the end of her sentence. 
Whilst the Senate formed part of the Congress. The Oceanic Estate was trying to sever any connections they still had with the White House. 
The more they distanced themselves, the more advantageous it’d be. 
“It’s fine,” Sebastian replied nonchalantly, “He’s not coming to Jadeborough anyway. Besides, he doesn’t have a strong relationship with the Coopers. He’s only helping Sabrina for the sake of Devin.” 
Finally, Sasha felt relieved after Sebastian’s explanation. 
After all, that’s true. Why would an illegitimate child come all the way to Jadeborough? Since Sabrina was safe, Sasha decided against mentioning the Coopers again. 
Promptly, she spun on her heel and went back upstairs.
Unbeknownst to her, the two men in the bedroom continued their game of chess as they struck up a conversation again. 
“Isn’t Edmund Benedict’s only son?” 
“Yes,” Sebastian replied curtly. 
Jonathan scoffed; he was clearly displeased with Sebastian’s lies. “Then why did you say that he never visits Jadeborough? Did you know that I’ve seen him countless times? Edmund always drops Benedict at the White House.” 
Sebastian remained silent, and his gaze swept coldly at Jonathan. 
Toward the end of their game, Sebastian’s black pawn claimed the last of Jonathan’s white pieces. Immediately, Sebastian cleared the chessboard and rose to his feet. “Why don’t you tell Sasha about it? Tell her that Edmund always frequents Jadeborough.” 
“Y-You!” Jonathan was so angry that he could not muster a proper response. 
True to Jonathan’s words, Edmund was an important member of the Coopers. 
When Benedict got married to his wife, they had three daughters together. However, Benedict found himself in an affair with a woman from Yorksland during a business trip. There, Edmund was born. 
As a senator, having an affair and an illegitimate son would become scandalous news if leaked. 
When Gabrielle found out about Edmund, she decided to take him in as her own son. By claiming Edmund as her own child, it would solidify her position in the Cooper family because she did not have any sons of her own.
To deceive the public, she even brought Edmund to Jadeborough and claimed that she had given birth to him in Yorksland. 
Hence, Edmund was known as the heir of the Coopers. In truth, he was Benedict’s illegitimate son. 
It was a well-kept secret only known to a selected few from Jadeborough. 
On the second day, Edmund brought breakfast to the hospital. There, he noticed that Sabrina had remained in her ward instead of escaping. 
“Good morning, Mr. Cooper,” the doctor greeted him politely. 
Edmund nodded in acknowledgment. However, his gaze darted toward Sabrina. “How is she? Has her condition improved?” he asked. 
“Yes, it looks like her condition has improved greatly. However, she shouldn’t be moving around so much as this problem might resurface again if she doesn’t take care of her body. Since she had just given birth, it would take her a month to recover. Mr. Cooper…” Toward the end of his sentence, the doctor halted. 
Hesitantly, he looked at Edmund. 
Finally, Edmund’s cool gaze slid toward the doctor. There was nothing in his dark eyes that betrayed any emotion.
###Chapter 1108
Chapter 1108
“She’s just a friend of mine.” 
“I see.” A look of realization dawned upon the doctor. 
Since Edmund was the sole son of the famous Coopers, he was a well-known figure in Yorksland. Furthermore, his single status and attractive looks often made him the talk of the town. Many women sought after the attention of this young bachelor. 
With so many women flocking around him, I’m sure he did not fall for a woman who had just recently given birth, right? 
After their conversation, the doctor departed. 
Edmund pushed the door open and stepped into Sabrina’s ward. “Good morning, Mrs. Jadeson,” he greeted politely. 
After an entire night cooped up in the hospital, Sabrina was impatient and ready to leave. “Finally, you are here? When are we going to leave? I’m fine now.” 
She clambered out of the bed as she spoke. 
Quietly, Edmund sized her up. 
Sabrina was still dressed in a hospital gown and slippers. 
Although she was desperate to get to Zarain, Sabrina hadn’t bothered to change her attire into something more appropriate. 
Without another word, Edmund set the packed breakfast down. 
“Earlier, the doctor informed me that you are in no condition to travel.”
Her eyes widened in shock. “What?” 
“What’s wrong with my body? I’m not sick at all! Why can’t I travel? You are lying to me, aren’t you? You’re just trying to stop me from looking for my husband!” Sabrina seethed as a frown drew her brows together. 
Without warning, she bolted toward the exit. 
Immediately, Edmund moved to block her path. 
“I’m not trying to stop you. I was merely repeating what the doctor said. If you don’t rest after giving birth, it will have an impact on your body in the future.” 
“I will be fine!” Sabrina retorted in anger. 
Edmund grabbed Sabrina by the shoulders as he gritted his teeth. “Stop being so stubborn! Do you know that you might lose your life if you keep this up? Are you willing to sacrifice yourself just to meet your husband? Have you thought about your daughter? Who’s going to take care of her once you are gone?” 
Although Edmund was a man with a stoic demeanor, the sight of Sabrina struggling to break free caused him to lose his composure. Unable to keep his emotions in check anymore, Edmund raised his voice. 
Upon his loud yell, Sabrina went slack. 
Daughter? Right, I can’t believe I forgot about Jaena. I can’t abandon my precious daughter. 
Finally, Sabrina calmed down from her frenzy.
Due to her weariness, the fact that Edmund was aware of her child’s gender flew over her head. After all, she’d never brought this topic up before. Yet, Edmund seemed to know it like the back of his hand. 
In the end, Sabrina relented and agreed to rest for a few more days as Edmund decided to bring her home. 
Hearing this, Sabrina kicked up a fuss again. “Why am I being discharged from the hospital? Don’t I have to receive treatment? Why did you bring me home?” 
Edmund, who was driving the car, met her angry gaze through the rear-view mirror. In the backseat, Sabrina’s lips were curled into a petulant pout as she glared at him with her hackles raised. “I am merely following the doctor’s orders. Besides, they don’t have enough beds in the hospital,” Edmund explained patiently. 
“Then why bring me to your house? I can stay in a hotel!” 
“I don’t have the time to book you a room. My housemaids can look after you too.” 
His reply seemed to satisfy Sabrina as she fell silent. 
After all, Edmund’s logical reasoning made more sense. Though the Jadesons had implored him to look after her, Edmund couldn’t be by her side the entire day. Hence, it would be better if his housemaids looked after her. 
After a few moments, Edmund pulled up at his villa. 
The luxurious villa was modeled after an Erihalian style and located behind the city’s famous lake. Its elaborate design and strategic location caught the eye of any passerby. 
This extravagant villa was a sign of the Coopers’ wealth.
“Mr. Cooper, who might this lady be?” The gardener rushed out to welcome Edmund as soon as Edmund’s car pulled up in the driveway. 
The sight of a woman in a hospital gown by Edmund’s side caused him to jolt in shock. 
Though he’d bore witness to countless women Edmund brought home, it was the first time the gardener saw one dressed in a hospital gown. 
Has Mr. Cooper changed his taste in women? 
“What are you thinking of? This woman here is Mrs. Jadeson, she got into a little accident here, and I brought her here for a rest,” Edmund uttered in a low voice when he noticed the way the gardener looked at Sabrina. 
A cold and displeased look swept across his handsome features. 
“Please forgive me, Mr. Cooper.” The gardener bowed apologetically and beckoned toward Sabrina. “Mrs. Jadeson, please follow me.” 
On the other hand, Sabrina didn’t have the slightest interest in her surroundings. 
When she learned that she could travel to Zarain and look for Devin after she regained her strength, Sabrina obeyed every instruction without a single complaint. 
After she stepped into the villa, the butler led her upstairs and showed Sabrina her room. Wordlessly, Sabrina lay on the bed with an empty look in her eyes.
###Chapter 1109
Chapter 1109
The butler was startled by Sabrina’s eerie silence and robotic movements. 
Is she all right? 
After closing the door behind him, he quickly fished his phone out and sent Benedict a message. 
Butler: Mr. Cooper, I have good news! It looks like Mr. Edmund has finally stepped up. Today, he brought back someone from the Jadesons here. 
The butler received a swift reply. Benedict: The Jadesons? Who is it? 
Butler: He said that she’s Ms. Sabrina. Though, she looks a little out of it. 
Benedict stared at the message he’d received. 
Though Benedict was a man who held considerable influence over the Senate, a smile tugged his lips upward when he recalled how the Oceanic Estate mobilized all of its forces to look for a single woman. He had a hunch that Sabrina was this very woman. 
Benedict: I’m pleasantly surprised by Edmund’s actions. Make sure you take good care of this woman. We need to do our best to help the Jadesons. Things aren’t how they used to be anymore. 
Benedict’s last sentence displayed his concern toward the Jadesons. 
Even through the phone, the butler could sense Benedict’s conflicting emotions of pity and glee. 
Although the fall of the Jadesons was something Benedict was dying to witness, he still needed to maintain his appearance and public image. 
After the reelection of a new leader, the biggest thorn in Benedict’s side would be removed. All that was left to do was to reorganize the leadership team.
Right now, it was crucial for Benedict to flaunt his kindness and generosity. 
In high spirits, the butler made his way downstairs. 
He noticed that Edmund had changed into a sleek white suit. Since Edmund didn’t have any official work in Yorksland, the young man would frequent the nightclubs and casinos he owned. 
“Mr. Cooper, are you heading out? Don’t worry, Ms. Sabrina is resting in her room.” 
“Okay. Make sure you give her something nutritious to eat. She needs it because she just gave birth.” With that, Edmund grabbed his car keys and left the villa. 
Back at the Oceanic Estate, Sasha had coaxed Jaena to a slumber. The sight of Jaena’s adorable sleeping face prompted Sasha to pick up her phone. 
Sasha: Sab, where are you? Jaena misses you. 
After she sent the message, Sasha forwarded a picture of Jaena too. 
Coincidentally, Sebastian strolled out of the shower. When Sebastian noticed Sasha’s deep frown, he made his way toward the edge of the bed with one of his hands still toweling his damp hair. 
“What’s the matter? Is the baby feeling uncomfortable?” 
Sasha shook her head. “No, I was just sending Sab a message. Although she left her phone here, I couldn’t resist. It’s clear that Jaena misses her.” 
She lifted her head to meet his gaze. After all, Sasha was a mother herself. The thought of Jaena and Sabrina caused her eyes to turn red with sorrow. 
Sabrina’s teary eyes tugged at Sebastian’s heartstrings. He couldn’t bear to see his beloved wife shed tears.
Sebastian knew that Sasha’s words held another meaning to them. She was also referring to their own children, who were all the way in Avenport. 
“Don’t cry. I’ll send Mr. Cooper a message and get Sabrina to call you.” Sebastian set aside his towel as he took a seat next to her. Gently, he rubbed her tears away. 
His tender actions caused Sasha’s longing for her children to deepen. 
“What about our children? Do you have any plans?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha looked up at him from beneath her lashes. There were still tears clinging to her long lashes. “D- Do you have any plans about them?” she asked softly. 
“According to the situation right now, we wouldn’t be able to visit Avenport. However, since Solomon and the Hayeses are back, I plan to bring them here. Will that be all right?” 
“Yes!” Sasha nodded eagerly as her eyes lit up. 
She’s such a fool. When Sebastian caught sight of Sasha’s brilliant smile, he patted her head affectionately before going back to blow dry his hair. 
“Sebastian, are you going to the White House tomorrow?” Sasha asked nervously. 
To the Jadesons, the White House was a place that housed countless troubles and bad memories. Sasha didn’t like bringing it up as it would ruin the mood. 
To her dismay, Sebastian merely nodded. “The Jadesons aren’t dead yet. Someone has to make an appearance. Relax, nothing is going to happen. Given my current status, no one will even spare a glance in my direction.”
Sebastian glanced at his reflection. Despite his striking eyes, as dark as ink, and his thin lips, there was a look of mockery painted across his features. 
Sasha fell silent. Despite Sebastian’s reassurance, she remained unconvinced. Contrarily, she was even more reluctant to let him go. 
All these years, Sebastian had been on top of the hierarchy. He was a man who took pride in his success. When was he reduced to such a lowly status? 
Sasha’s brows drew together as a deep frown graced her forehead.
###Chapter 1110
Chapter 1110
Sabrina didn’t sleep well that night. She dreamt of chasing a man as she held her child in her arms. She chased the man desperately from behind as she kept calling out to him, begging for him to stop. 
However, the man ignored her as he continued walking ahead until a gunshot was heard. 
The man was shot in the back! 
“Devin-” 
She shouted as she sprang out of her bed, sweating profusely. 
“Did you have a nightmare?” 
The room was dimly lit by an orange nightstand as a male voice was heard from the left side of the room. 
The mysterious man did not ask any further as he waited patiently for her reply. 
Sabrina, who had woken up from a nightmare was surprisingly comforted by the man’s words. He was like a ray of light that shone through the dark and quiet night. 
Sabrina swallowed and turned to him after some time. 
“What’re you doing here?” 
“Me?” 
Edmund sat on a couch and he glanced at her before placing the magazine aside. 
“Your brother contacted and wanted me to pass on a message. He wants you to call him because he wants you to spend some time with your child.”
My child? 
Sabrina, who was still in fright, squinted at him when she heard his words. 
Of course! It’s been days since I last saw my dear Jaena. I was so occupied in the search of Devin, I totally neglected her. 
“Could you hand me your smartphone?” Sabrina stretched out her hand shakingly. 
Edmund stood up and handed his smartphone to her. 
At last, Sabrina, who had fled Jadeborough for three entire days finally made a call back home. 
“Hello?” The line quickly got through as the voice of a familiar woman filled with worry and anxiety answered. 
“Is that you, Sab? How are things in Yorksland? Everything’s fine at home, so don’t worry, alright? Do return to Jadeborough as soon as you’re ready.” 
Sabrina caused so much trouble to the Hayes family when she disappeared out of a sudden. For example, she left her child behind, unattended, and fled from Jadeborough. Yet, Sasha did not blame her nor sounded upset with her. Instead, her voice was full of concern. 
Sabrina paused and clutched tightly to her blanket before she replied, “I’ve been searching for him and I’ll return once I’ve found him.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Find him? Did she mean Devin? 
It was late at night as Sasha sat up in her bed. She thought she was hearing things as her face gradually turned pale.
“Sab, Devin is…” 
“I will find him! Could you show me my dear Jaena, right now? I want to see how she is doing. Please, hurry!” Sabrina interrupted her and urged her to snap a picture of her daughter. 
Sasha did not say a word. Nonetheless, she sent her a picture of Jaena moments later. Then, Sabrina’s eyes were glued to the screen as she stared at the picture for ages. 
Oh Jaena, you look very much like your father. 
Edmund stood right beside when the phone call happened. Thus, his eyes also darted to the screen when Sasha sent the picture to Sabrina. 
Even Edmund couldn’t take his eyes off the picture. 
“She’s all grown up, isn’t she? Look, Jaena’s grown bigger, right?” Sabrina stared at the picture as a wave of emotion flooded her. She quickly covered her mouth to mask her cries while tears streamed down her face. 
It was a feeling none could understand. 
It was a feeling that proud mothers of newborn babies wouldn’t understand. It was a bittersweet feeling for me as I was overjoyed with the arrival of a newborn baby while enduring the pain of losing a loved one at the same time. 
Sabrina then cried herself to sleep. 
Edmund, who was still standing by her bedside, gently removed the smartphone from her hand when he noticed she was fast asleep. 
Jaena…
He looked back at the picture on the screen. 
She was an adorable-looking baby. Although she was only ten days old, she had beautiful features. Her face was small and her features delicate. 
He stretched out his hand and gently stroked her little face on the screen. 
The next day, Sabrina woke up late after a night of crying. 
She heard a loud commotion downstairs as soon as she woke up. 
“What’s going on? Where’s Edmund?” She frowned and asked about Edmund’s whereabouts. 
She remembered that he promised to take her to Zarain. 
However, a housemaid appeared and answered, “Mr. Edmund isn’t downstairs. But, Ms. Willberry and Ms. Holland are here for Mr. Edmund and they’re quarreling over him. 
Sabrina was dumbstruck. 
Urgh, I can’t believe he’s the kind of guy! 
Sabrina decided to ignore the commotion downstairs as she got off her bed and went straight to the landline in her room. 
“Ms. Sabrina, you…” the housemaid uttered. 
“Tell me Mr. Edmund’s phone number right now! I’m going to ask that scum to take me to Zarain,” Sabrina said in annoyance.
###Chapter 1111
Chapter 1111
Scum…? 
The housemaid’s expression fell. 
Before she could speak, the quarrel that seemed to be coming from the garden had shifted into the villa. Furthermore, one could also vaguely hear the sound of high heels clicking on the stairs. 
“Did you just say that Edmund likes you? If that’s true, why did he bring a woman in a hospital gown home yesterday?” 
“Pfft, whatever! What does that have to do with me? He definitely likes me! In fact, he gifted me a ten- karat diamond ring last month. What about you?” 
“Alright then! I’ll show you if he has a woman in his villa right now!” another woman said in defense. 
Soon enough, the housemaid appeared in the hallway and met face to face with two gorgeous women. The duo ascended from the stairs as they continued to yell at one another. 
God, why is this happening? 
The housemaid was horrified as she blocked their paths. “Ms. Willberry and Ms. Holland, how did you get up here? Please return to the lower ground, Mr. Edmund isn’t here. 
“Mrs. Goodwill, tell me, did Edmund come home with a woman in a hospital gown last night?” 
“Huh?” The housemaid panicked even more. 
“No, it’s not like that. Please allow me to explain…” 
“See! I told you! I was right all along! I wonder what makes you think that Edmund likes you, Jules? It’s obvious he’s more into the woman hidden away upstairs than you!”
Ms. Willberry claimed as she observed Mrs. Goodwill’s expression. 
She instantly knew that Sabrina was upstairs and took the opportunity to make a sarcastic remark towards Jules. 
Ms. Holland was a hot-headed lady, thus her expression hardened as soon as she heard those words. 
She was furious as she pushed past Mrs. Goodwill, who tried to stand in her way, and headed towards Sabrina’s room. Then, she kicked the door open. 
Sabrina, who held the landline in her arms, turned to face her slowly. 
Jules gaped at her beauty as soon as she saw Sabrina and thought to herself. Well, I haven’t seen anyone pull off the Gothic look for decades now. 
Although Sabrina was dressed in her pajamas and her hair was in a mess, the duo was no match to her clear complexion and beautiful features. 
“M-Ms. Sabrina, they…” The housemaid stuttered as she tried to explain, but was quickly cut off by Sabrina. 
“Could you please come over?” Sabrina asked calmly. 
The duo was stunned by her request. 
Why does she want us to go over to her? 
The duo looked at one another in confusion. However, they did as they were told. They walked over to her obediently like they were bewitched. 
Just as they had taken the last step and were standing face to face with her, a loud sound was heard.
Bang Bang- 
Sabrina lifted her leg and kicked the duo. The duo was sent flying like a rag doll as they screamed in horror and pain. 
Aahhh- 
The housemaid widened her eyes in surprise as she witnessed the scene! 
Sabrina then rubbed her slipper on the ground as if she stepped on dirt after she taught the intruders a lesson. 
“Tell Mr. Edmund that I do not wish to encounter such incidents ever again! Or else I won’t be this nice the next time!” she said sternly. 
Sabrina was extremely displeased with the intruders although she was responsible for the duo’s unfortunate mishaps. 
The housemaid panicked as she quickly ushered the duo away from the scene. However, she had to call in the help of other servants to carry the duo who had trouble getting up down the stairs. 
“Oh my god, Mrs. Goodwill! Ms. Sabrina did not go easy on them, huh? I mean, look at them! What if they come back for revenge? What are we supposed to do if that happens?” 
“You’re overthinking things! I doubt that would happen!” 
“Why not? They’re powerful families in our area. Even Mr. Edmund wouldn’t dare neglect them.” 
Mrs. Goodwill pondered on the housemaid’s words before she nodded in agreement.
Later, Edmund heard all about it and found Sabrina waiting for him downstairs when he reached home. Sabrina ignored Mrs. Goodwill’s reminder to stay in bed as she stood by the porch, waiting for Edmund’s return. 
It wasn’t anything romantic like a movie scene. Yet, Edmund thought otherwise. Sabrina wore a flowy sleeping gown as she leaned against the carved door. He watched Sabrina look out eagerly like a wife waiting for her husband to return. 
Edmund couldn’t help but stop and stare. 
Moments later, he walked up and stood before her. “Ms. Sabrina? Why’re you standing here? Shouldn’t you be inside?” 
“Oh, Edmund! You’re finally back!” 
Sabrina’s eyes lit up when she saw Edmund. 
“So when are you taking me to Zarain? I feel so much better now and am ready to leave.” 
Edmund went silent. 
He merely stared at her condescendingly before asking, “Did the doctor pay you a visit?” 
“What doctor?” Sabrina was confused. 
“You can only leave once the doctor conducts a full-body checkup on you to ensure that you are in good shape,” Edmund continued. 
Sabrina stared at him as her face paled but didn’t say another word.
###Chapter 1112
Chapter 1112
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1112 
With that, Sabrina was taken inside once more. 
Edmund descended from the stairs and questioned the butler. “Didn’t I ask you to look after her? How could you allow her to run about again? She’s been out of bed way too long this time!” 
The butler bowed his head and shuddered. 
Edmund had never spoken to them in such a strict tone. 
Cold sweat began to form around the butler’s forehead. “I beg your pardon, Mr. Edmund, Ms. Sabrina is not one to be trifled with. We tried everything to stop her but failed miserably. Besides, didn’t I tell you the story about how she taught Ms. Holland and Ms. Willberry a lesson? The ladies had to be sent back to their respective homes in a carrier!” 
Edmund did not press on, but the corners of his eyes twitched as he pondered for a brief moment. 
Sabrina decided to take a nap when she was taken inside. However, she was surprised to find two men in black guarding by the exit of her room when she had woken up. 
“What’re they doing here?” 
“Ms. Sabrina, this is Mr. Sebastian’s idea and Mr. Edmund only went with it. He also added that he’ll fly over here from Jadeborough and take you home himself if you don’t behave,” the butler answered truthfully. 
My brother? Sebastian? 
Sabrina was furious when she heard the news.
Yet, she didn’t dare to rebel against him. Even though she was a fearless woman, she couldn’t resist anything his brother says. 
Thus, she was forced to stay in her room. 
On the other hand, Edmund ran his casino and nightclub business as usual. However, some unexpected guests decided to crash the party. Apparently, the head of the Holland family, as well as the Willberry family, had come to confront him. 
“Mr. Edmund, you’ve crossed the line this time! How dare you mess with our daughter’s feelings and injure her? Did you think you could get away with this?” 
The head of both families started a heated conversation in Edmund’s nightclub. 
Edmund had a cigarette between his lips and sat on a sofa with his legs propped up on the coffee table. Several men also sat beside him. 
“Mr. Holland, I think you were misinformed. I didn’t mess with your daughter. She decided to be with me, I didn’t force her into doing anything against her will. Hence, I don’t understand what you are talking about.” 
“You-” 
Mr. Holland was boiling with anger at Edmund’s statement. 
Mr. Willberry saw his chance and stepped forward to argue. 
“Even if that’s true, how could you beat them up like that? The doctor claimed that his daughter is incapable of having a baby all because of you! What are you going to say this time?” 
“Edmund, don’t even think about getting away with this just because you’re father is in Jadeborough.”
Mr. Willberry had the guts to even mention the Coopers who were residing in Jadeborough. 
Edmund’s eyes went cold as soon as he heard of his family. 
“So what’re you going to do about it? Put me in jail? Perhaps I should leak some clips of your daughters seducing me too? I would be more than willing to do so.” 
Bam! 
Edmund slammed a bottle of wine on the coffee table as he sprang up from his seat with a murderous look on his face. 
Now that was Mr. Edmund from Yorksland! 
Although he was an illegitimate son of the Coopers and did not have a prominent job, he could do things as he pleased because of his family background. He was a walking devil in Yorksland. He did every evil deed one could name and no one would dare retaliate! 
Besides, the two women offered themselves up to him willingly! 
Mr. Holland and Mr. Willberry were enraged as their faces went red. 
“Edmund, I assume you don’t believe in karma? Well, let me tell you, this is a crucial period for your father. Aren’t you worried you might cause trouble for him?” 
“Hehe…” Edmund chuckled with his arms wide open. 
“You two, come over here.” 
“Yes, Mr. Edmund.”
Moments later, two charming women appeared and rushed to his side. 
“Cause trouble? I’ve been like this all my life! Did you think it bothered him at all?” 
“You!” 
The men were lost for words at Edmund’s comeback. 
But, the truth is, he was given the power to do whatever he pleased. No matter what he does, the Coopers in Jadeborough wouldn’t bat an eyelash. 
The men had no choice but to give up in the end. 
Edmund’s buddies relaxed and sat down as soon as the troublemakers left. Edmund also hurriedly pushed the women away. 
“Why did you push me away, Edmund…” 
“I know right…” another woman added. 
“Urgh, get lost! You’re not even my type!” Edmund answered expressionlessly.
###Chapter 1113
Chapter 1113
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1113 
“Come on, Edmund. I think these chicks aren’t that bad. Although they’re not the best-looking ones out there, at least they are a natural beauty. Say, I think you’ve had quite a lot to drink today. Isn’t it time to put out that raging fire inside of you?” his buddies teased. 
One could easily tell what sort of lifestyle they were living judging from his words. 
Yet, Edmund threw his head back as he downed the remaining wine in big gulps and declined his offer. 
“No way! They’ve ruined my mood for the night!” 
Then, he staggered to his feet and left. 
Half an hour later, Edmund’s car arrived at his villa, located at the heart of a lake. He staggered out of his car as he threw a handful of money to the driver and took wobbly steps towards the villa. 
“You’re finally back, Mr. Edmund! Mr. Cooper’s been trying to contact you,” a butler said anxiously. 
The butler frowned when he noticed Edmund in his drunken state. 
Edmund stopped in his tracks and glared at him. 
“What does he want from me? Didn’t I tell him not to contact me anymore?” 
“No, it’s not like that, Mr. Edmund. Mr. Cooper is in the midst of an election. So, it’s best if you could be on your best behavior. It may affect Mr. Cooper’s election in Jadeborough if today’s matter got out.” 
Edmund froze in his spot. He didn’t expect the butler to know what had happened in the nightclub. 
Edmund glared at the butler furiously with his bloodshot eyes.
“M-Mr. Edmund…” The butler’s voice trailed off as he shivered in fear. 
Bam! 
Before the butler could say anything else, Edmund threw a kick at him. 
That old butler flew across the garden like a sandbag and crashed against the pots and vases on the ground with a loud noise. 
It was no surprise to see Edmund throwing punches and kicks at his servants. 
However, he had never taken it that far. 
The housemaids came rushing to the scene as soon as they heard the commotion. 
Even Sabrina, who had gone to bed, got up and turned on the lights. She opened her windows and looked out of the window, revealing her long and messy hair. 
“Mr. Edmund, you…” 
“Edmund, is that you? You’re finally back! Are you in the middle of a fight? If you are done with it, come up here now. I need to talk to you.” 
At that moment, the garden went dead silent. 
Edmund looked up and tried to make out the face of the mysterious voice in the dimly lit garden. He noticed it was Sabrina and was stunned for a long time. 
Sabrina was feeling impatient as she watched him staring at her from below. “Are you coming or not? Or else I’m jumping off the window right now!” she threatened. 
Edmund did not say a word as he lowered his head and stumbled into the villa.
He was breathless a few minutes later as he struggled to climb the stairs. 
He arrived at her doorstep and reached out his hand to open the door. Yet, Sabrina beat him to it as she opened the door first. She stood there in the same sleeping gown she had worn earlier with an angry expression. 
“Where have you been all day?” 
“Err…I was busy with work.” 
“Work? Do you always stay out late for work? Do you know I’ve been trapped in my room for the entire day? Why are you following my brother’s orders so loyally? Are you trying to gang up with him on me? Are you thinking of sending me back too?” 
Sabrina was seething in anger as she bombarded him with questions. 
Her beautiful eyes also went red as she spoke. 
Edmund was stunned at her reaction. 
Oh my, I didn’t think my way of having her stay home to rest had caused so much wrath in her. 
He was instantly sober when he realized his mistake. 
“No, of course not. I didn’t gang up on you with your brother. I only wanted you to take good rest and recover healthily,” he responded in a deep and hoarse voice. 
He stared at her with gentle eyes as the bright light from her bedroom illuminated her silhouette. It made her look like an angel who descended from heaven. 
“Really?” Sabrina asked in doubt.
“I promise. If you don’t believe me, I’ll make them leave by tomorrow. However, you have to promise me to take good rest. Don’t forget, you’re still in confinement. We can’t travel to Zarain if you’re not fully recovered yet,” Edmund explained patiently. 
Sabrina scrunched her nose as she glared at him one last time before shutting the door with a loud bang. 
Edmund and the bodyguards were speechless. 
Edmund stood there for a long time before he turned and went down the stairs with wobbly steps. Then, the housemaids began to whisper among themselves. 
“That’s odd, Mr. Edmund never came home reeking in alcohol before.” 
“I agree. It’d always be the sweet smell of another woman’s perfume. Instead, he’s reeked of alcohol today. I wonder how much he drank?” 
All of the housemaids were talking among themselves the entire night. 
Yet, no one knew the answer to it. 
All they knew was, Edmund did not get out of bed until late noon.
###Chapter 1114
Chapter 1114
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1114 
Back in Jadeborough, Oceanic Estate. 
Sasha got up early in the morning to prepare as it was the day for Sebastian to visit the White House. 
“I heard the agenda of the day would only be casting votes. Do come straight home once you’re done,” Sabrina reminded as she adjusted Sebastian’s tie. She couldn’t help but worry for his safety. 
Now that the time for the Jadesons was over, the members of the White House began to distance themselves from them. 
Ever since Jonathan fell sick and Devin died, Sebastian was the next in line to represent the Jadesons in the White house. Similarly, he held an unimportant position that could be removed at any time. 
Hence, he could cast his insignificant vote and return home immediately. 
Yet, Sebastian did not answer her. 
He waited until she was done tying his tie and looked straight into her dark eyes, filled with worry. Then, his thins lips curved into a grin as he lowered his head and kissed her. 
Sasha groaned and widened her eyes in surprise. 
Oh man, what does he want this time? Didn’t we just… 
Sasha soon began to feel out of breath as she could feel Sebastian’s hot breath against her skin as he continued to make out with her. She wanted to push him away but couldn’t resist his touch while her legs were about to give away.
Fortunately, Sebastian understood that it wasn’t the right time to mess around. So, he quickly pulled away from Sasha and said, “Don’t worry, I’ll be back as soon as I can.” 
Sasha was unable to process his words as her mind went blank after the passionate kiss she shared with Sebastian. 
She was still lost in the moment even after Sebastian had left for some time before she snapped back into reality. Then, she left her room and took the elevator to the living room. 
“Good morning, Mrs. Jadeson,” Oliva greeted her. 
Sasha nodded her head in acknowledgment and headed straight to Jonathan’s room to check on him. 
Sasha made sure to greet Jonathan every morning and asked if he needed anything ever since he was bed-ridden. 
And today was no exception. 
“Why, Mr. Steward! What a lovely surprise to see you today!” 
It’s been months since the last time she saw Mark, and now he suddenly appeared in Jonathan’s bedroom. 
Mark was chatting happily to Jonathan as he turned to smile. “It’s been a while since I last saw you, Mrs. Jadeson. How have you been?” 
“I’m great. What about you? How is your hand? I’ve told Sebastian to have you over to Oceanic Estate so I could treat your hand. You do know TCM is a better approach when it comes to broken bones, right?” Sasha said as she eyed Mark’s hand.
Sebastian told Mark to recuperate hence he had not visited them ever since he returned from Zarain. Consequently, a month had passed and his finger had healed completely. 
Mark stretched out his hand proudly and showed her. 
“Look, it’s as good as new. Thank you for your concern, Mrs. Jadeson. By the way, I’ve brought the triplets here with me and I believe they’ll be here any moment now.” 
“Really?” Sasha’s eyes lit up. 
I knew his visit wasn’t a coincidence. He came here for a reason. 
Sasha quickly rushed out of the Oceanic Estate and saw a green Jeep parked at the entrance. One of the car doors flew open as the triplets jumped off the car excitedly. 
“Mommy, we’re here!” 
“Mommy, Mommy, me too!” 
“Mommy!” 
Times flies as she watched her kids, who were already eight years old, rush into her arms. 
Sasha hugged Vivian, who came running first. She had grown a lot taller, but there was still some baby fat on her cheeks. 
Moreover, everyone in the family loved her the way she was. Hence, her thoughts and actions haven’t changed one bit. She was still as innocent as a lamb. 
“Mommy, I heard Aunt Sabrina gave birth to a baby?”
“Yes, her name is Jaena.” Sasha caressed her face. 
“Woohoo!” Vivian’s eyes lit up in surprise as she turned to her two brothers and said, “Matt, Ian, Mommy said Aunt Sabrina gave birth to a girl named Jaena.” 
“Really?” The brothers were also excited upon hearing the news. 
The two boys seemed to be even more handsome then, especially Ian. His features and temperament reminded Sasha so much of Sebastian, although Ian wasn’t chatty. 
He gave off a cool yet good-looking vibe that would leave everyone breathless. 
Matteo, on the other hand, was a ray of sunshine. He had smiling eyes that looked like moon crescents. 
The kids neglected Sasha as they held hands and rushed to see Jaena as soon as they heard about the news!
###Chapter 1115
Chapter 1115
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1115 
Just when Sasha prepared to enter, another person alighted from the car unexpectedly. 
“Wendy? I didn’t expect you to be here.” 
“Mr. Hayes sent me to help care for the children, Madam. I hope I won’t be in your way, will I?” 
After looking at Sasha whom she had not seen in two months, Wendy shifted her attention to the castle behind Sasha that was ten times bigger than Frontier Bay. 
At that moment, she couldn’t help but feel awkward. 
How could you be in the way? I couldn’t have wished for anything more. 
Sasha quickly helped Wendy with her bags before leading her inside. 
With the three children arriving at Oceanic Estate, the building recovered its previous liveliness. Throughout the entire day, everyone was delighted by how noisy it was. 
Sasha was naturally one of them. 
In the afternoon, she went upstairs to give Sebastian a call when she didn’t see him return. 
Unknown to her, Vivian had come out of Jaena’s room. With a milk bottle in hand, she skipped along while searching for Ms. Dolivo to prepare some milk for her. 
Such was the nature of girls. 
Regardless of their age, they would express their innate motherly tendencies by naturally gravitating toward taking care of someone.
Vivian walked out of the elevator. 
“Vivi, where are you going?” 
“Ms. Olivia, I need to prepare more milk for Jaena.” 
Vivian handed the empty milk bottle to the maid. 
Given that Olivia had taken care of Vivian before, her heart melted when she saw how sensible Vivian had become. Dropping whatever she was doing, she prepared the milk at once. 
A few minutes later Jaena’s milk was ready. 
“Alright now, do you want me to go up with you?” 
“You don’t have to. Mommy’s upstairs,” Vivian replied in her squeaky voice. After that, she went back up with the milk bottle in her hands. 
However, she didn’t expect to find Jaena gone when she returned to the room. 
Where’s Jaena? 
Widening her shimmering eyes, she was briefly confused. 
Oh right, Mommy must have taken her. 
Recalling that Sasha had gone to make a call, Vivian went off in search of her mommy. 
Finally, when she reached her parents’ bedroom on the third floor, she didn’t see Sasha. Instead, she saw a diaper on the ground. 
Vivian was speechless.
Without any hesitation, she picked up the diaper and walked forward. 
“Waa… Waa…” 
After following the trail of the diaper, Vivian arrived in a wing that she had never been before. Just as expected, she heard Jaena’s familiar cries. 
That was how Oceanic Estate was designed. 
Given that it was initially meant to entertain foreign guests, many of its wings were linked. It enabled the guests to move easily between the wings for different activities. 
Therefore, it was normal for Vivian to continue her search from one wing to another. 
When Vivian arrived in the new wing with the milk bottle in hand, she saw one of the Oceanic Estate’s maids carrying Jaena in her arms. The maid was standing in front of a door that was tightly shut. 
“Why did you bring Jaena here? She’s hungry and needs her milk. You should take her back quickly.” 
Staring quizzically at the maid, Vivian was upset by the maid’s actions. 
However, the maid panicked at the sight of Vivian. 
“Ms. Vivian, I don’t want to do this. However, if I don’t, my mistress won’t be able to leave. Therefore, Ms. Vivian, can you help me, please?” 
“What?” 
Vivian didn’t understand. 
Suddenly, the windows of the room behind the maid flung open.
“Waa…” 
“Waa…” 
Jolted by the sudden sound and the baby’s cry, eight-year-old Vivian gasped in horror and recoiled a few steps back. 
“You… You…” 
“Vivi, don’t be afraid. Do you still remember me? I’m Janice, remember?” 
It was a face that Vivian had not seen in a long time. When it suddenly appeared from behind the sealed bars of the windows, Vivian was terrified by it. 
Her face turned pale at once. 
However, when she glanced at Jaena who was still in the maid’s arms, she stopped retreating. 
“I remember. Why… why are you locked in here? Did you ask the maid to bring Jaena here? Tell her to bring Jaena back at once. M-Mommy will be here in a while.” 
Vivian was so frightened that she could barely complete her sentence. 
Nevertheless, she steeled herself. She wanted the terrifying lady locked behind the window to return Jaena. 
However, Janice rejected her request heartlessly. 
“No, bring me the key to the door, or you will never see Jaena again.” 
Vivian was speechless.
“Furthermore, you cannot tell your mommy or anyone else in Oceanic Estate. If you do, I will end Jaena’s life.” 
The moment she finished her threat, she gave the maid a look. 
The maid squeezed Jaena, causing her to cry even louder. 
In response, Vivian’s eyes turned red immediately.
###Chapter 1116
Chapter 1116
In the end, Vivian went off to find the key. 
Before she did, she put the milk bottle on the floor and insisted the maid feed Jaena with it. 
“Jaena is hungry. You have to f-feed her first before I get the key for you,” Vivian pleaded in tears. 
Trembling in fear, she insisted that Jaena was fed before she was willing to leave. 
Despite her frustration, Janice had no choice but to get the maid to pass her the milk bottle. 
Only then did Vivian set off. 
However, when Vivian returned, Janice hadn’t expected her to come back with her two brothers. 
“I… I didn’t manage to find the key. Hence, I got my brothers to help me. But don’t you worry, neither of us has told mom or anyone else.” 
Panting when she arrived, Vivian’s face was covered in sweat. 
She quickly explained herself to Janice before she could even catch her breath. Considering how sincere and helpless she looked, she didn’t seem like she was lying at all. 
Janice was initially enraged when Vivian returned with someone else. 
However, she quickly quelled her anger at the sight of the children. 
This little girl isn’t bright at all. When I watched her in Oceanic Estate, she did behave foolishly most of the time. Therefore, it’s not a surprise that she couldn’t find the key. Furthermore, she brought two other children that are of the same age. Since they’re not adults, what am I even afraid of? 
Janice finally calmed herself down. “Fine. Just give me the key.”
Vivian asked, “What about Jaena?” 
“Once you give me the key, I’ll return her to you,” Janice urged from behind the sealed bars of the window. 
“That’s not going to work. How do we know that you will keep your end of the bargain?” 
Before Vivian could reply, a figure who was half a head taller than her stepped forward. Squinting his eyes, he put the question to Janice. 
When Vivian realized it was Matteo, she quickly hid behind his back. 
Janice was stunned. After regaining her senses, she scowled in response. “Why wouldn’t I return Jaena to you? Don’t worry. Just give me the key, and I will get her to give you the baby.” 
Matteo’s crafty eyes narrowed again. “That’s not acceptable. After all, we are just children. Daddy and Mommy told us that there are some who just love to trick children.” 
Janice was stumped. 
For the next ten seconds, she tried her best to suppress the rage in her. 
“Penelope, give them the child.” Finally, she ordered the maid to hand Jaena over as part of their negotiations. 
Obviously, the other reason why she did it was that she didn’t see the kids as a threat at all. 
They’re only eight. What can they do? 
As Janice watched her sister carry Jaena over, Matteo calmly approached her with the keys. 
“Give me the child!”
“Fine. You give me the keys too.” 
Raising his head, Matteo handed the key over while Penelope put the child in his hands. 
In a split second… 
“Argh!” Penelope screamed in agony. 
While waiting for Penelope, Janice saw her sister cringe in pain after being kicked by Matteo. At the same time, Matteo retracted his hand that was holding the key. 
After that, he leaped into the air and slammed his knee onto Penelope’s nose. 
“Argh!” 
“Ian, catch Jaena!” 
The moment Penelope cried out in pain again, another figure dashed to the front. Just when Matteo flung Jaena over, he opened his arms to catch her snugly. 
“We got her! We got her! I’m going to get Mommy!” 
After clapping her hands in jubilation, Vivian darted off to call for help. 
Within a few short minutes, the children had coordinated the perfect rescue. 
Meanwhile, Janice was infuriated. 
Realizing that someone would be coming soon and the key she had painstakingly planned on obtaining was about to be taken away by a kid, her eyes flashed viciously. 
Taking out a black hairpin, she shot it out at the crucial moment.
Psst! 
Just when Matteo was about to withdraw, he felt a sting on his wrist before blood began to gush out from it. 
“Matteo…” 
When Ian, who was carrying Jaena, saw what happened, his face turned pale at once. 
As for Matteo, he spaced out for a few seconds. 
It wasn’t until he saw his fingers losing their grip on the key and dropping it that an intense pain suddenly struck him. 
Soon, his body began to swoon. 
“Matt, are you alright? Help, someone help!” Ian was seized by panic. Ignoring the key, he rushed to Matteo’s side to help support him while carrying Jaena in his arms.
###Chapter 1117
Chapter 1117
Meanwhile, Janice too was stunned. 
When she saw the blood gushing out of Matteo’s wrist. Her first instinct was to order her sister to save him first. 
However, her mind was suddenly filled with the image of her son. 
Closing her eyes mercilessly, she cried out, “Penelope, get me the key, quick!” 
Penelope scrambled up at once, retrieved the key, and handed it over. 
A minute later, the door finally swung open. At the same time, Sasha and Mark had arrived. However, both of them were utterly shocked by the sight that greeted them. 
“Matt…” 
Sasha dashed to hold her son as if she had lost her mind. 
With his eyes burning with rage, Mark gestured to the back. “All of you, dispose of that woman!” 
This was the first time Mark, as a soldier, had given such an order on a woman. 
The next moment, the Oceanic Estate bodyguards surged ahead to attack Janice. 
None of them knew how strong she was as she was captured by surprise when Sebastian had ordered it earlier. 
While treating her son’s injury, Sasha glanced at the ensuing battle that was raging intensely. 
What she saw sent a chill down her spine. The woman who had pretended to be weak and demure for half a year had managed to fend off all her attackers. None of them were able to get close to her.
Given how agile and viciously she fought, the bodyguards, who were personally trained by Jonathan, were unable to overpower her. 
Crack! 
A loud fracture was heard. 
The next moment, Sasha saw one of the bodyguards holding his broken arm before collapsing onto the ground. 
The rest of his comrades were outraged by the sight. 
Roaring in anger, all of them pulled out their guns and prepared to fire at Janice. Their actions had also received tacit approval from Mark. 
However, something even more terrifying occurred at that moment. 
Janice was obviously searched before being locked up. However, when the bodyguards aimed their guns at her, they saw her spread open her palms. 
Whoosh! 
Multiple sharp s were shot out of her hands. 
After being caught by surprise, the group of bodyguards was taken out at that very moment. 
Who is this woman? Why is she so tough? She’s really terrifying! 
Sasha was dumbfounded by what she saw. 
As for Mark, his expression drastically changed. Just when he was about to take action, Janice had dashed in their direction. While everyone was momentarily stunned, she swiftly grabbed Ian from
Sasha’s side. 
“Little Ian!” 
With her eyes widening in horror, Sasha shrieked uncontrollably as she lunged to save her son. 
However, it was already too late. 
Janice had pressed a sharp black to Ian’s tiny neck. 
That bitch! That animal! 
Seized by hysteria, Sasha trembled all over. With her son’s blood still on her hands, she had thrown herself in front of Janice while being overwhelmed by fear. 
“Janice, what is it that you want? Tell me and I’ll agree to it as long as you let my son go. You have already hurt one of them, so don’t hurt another one,” Sasha roared with all her might. 
However, Janice was unfazed by it all. In fact, she even pushed her sharp black weapon deeper into Ian’s neck as she took a step forward. 
At that moment, Sasha shuddered as she watched her son grimace in pain while blood was oozing out of his neck. 
“Mommy…” 
“Little Ian!” 
Despite the tears in her eyes, Sasha didn’t dare move a muscle. 
Meanwhile, Mark was also dumbfounded.
He had underestimated the enemy. Janice was so skillful that none of the Oceanic Estate bodyguards could take her down. 
Seething in anger, Mark prepared to deploy the men in the shadows. 
This is Oceanic Estate. Does she really think she can act with such impunity here? We are just getting started here. The climax will come soon enough. Even if she has ridiculous skills, there’s no way she can escape from this place. 
“Snipers, stand by!” 
“Yes!” 
In a blink of an eye, more than ten hidden snipers had trained their guns at Janice from every direction. 
Unaware of what was going on, Sasha looked at Ian as she pleaded in tears, “Janice, do… do you really want to do this? During your time at Oceanic Estate, I had never mistreated you. Moreover, you are a mother too. Can you really bring yourself to do this to such a young child?” 
Janice opened her mouth to speak. 
The next moment, everyone who was about to attack her heard her say, “Sasha, calm down. I don’t plan to hurt your son. What happened to Matt was an accident as I had lost control of my emotions.” 
At that moment, everyone stopped moving. 
As for Mark, his finger had momentarily paused in the air.
###Chapter 1118
Chapter 1118
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1118 
“I just want to leave. If you allow me to escape, I will return your son to you,” Janice proposed. 
Sasha fell silent. 
After what seemed like an eternity, her gaze shifted from Janice to Ian instead. 
What is she saying? She didn’t hurt Matteo on purpose? Is she lying? 
Sasha couldn’t tell. 
However, when she quickly scrutinized the surroundings, she noticed that the bodyguards on the ground only suffered from broken bones. None of them suffered from vital injuries. 
The sudden realization caused her panicking heart to finally calm down. 
“In that case, let him go now.” 
“No, how do I know you will keep your word after I release him? Sasha, I know the reason you locked me up is to find out who the mastermind behind me is. However, I’m really just a nobody in all this. I have already told you everything I know.” 
Janice rejected Sasha’s proposal. In fact, she even reiterated emotionally that she didn’t have any more information. 
Sasha clenched her fists in response. 
She knew nothing about what happened as she was in Avenport then. Furthermore, when Sebastian didn’t tell her anything about it, she knew better than to ask.
After all, he had his reasons for not telling her. 
Subsequently, she turned to look at Mark. 
Cognizant of her intentions, Mark finally put his finger down and stepped forward. 
“However, you haven’t told us how you ended up being a pawn of The Coffee Shop? Moreover, we discovered your presence only after we captured you in secret. So how did the bistro’s men manage to escape first?” 
“Because they already knew I was compromised.” 
“What do you mean?” 
Mark narrowed his eyes. 
Much to everyone’s surprise, a self-deprecating smile flashed across Janice’s face as her gaze fell on Sasha. 
“Because the one who was supposed to die back then wasn’t Jocelyn, but you, Sasha. It was I who stopped him. That was the first time I disobeyed his orders. Due to that, he even shot me in my collarbone.” 
Suddenly, everyone fell silent at the revelation. 
As for Sasha, she looked up in disbelief with her eyes still filled with tears. 
Because of me? 
“Why?”
“No particular reason. I just felt that b*tch deserved to go to hell more than you. After all, she was a lot more evil.” Janice smirked. 
Given the dire circumstances, it no longer mattered to her. 
However, everyone, especially Sasha, was shocked by her words again. At that moment, she didn’t even know what to feel. 
It had never crossed her mind that Janice would save her. 
“In that case, does it mean that he has abandoned you?” 
“Of course. Or else, why didn’t anyone come and rescue me after so long? As for you, I’m sure you have realized that no one has taken your bait. Isn’t that right?” Janice replied sarcastically. 
A grim look fell upon Mark’s face. 
That’s true! 
Sasha’s fingers gradually curled into a fist. 
“An assassin isn’t supposed to be so emotionally attached. Hence, I believe that is my weakness.” 
Silence ensued. 
“Don’t you believe me?” 
When Janice noticed that everyone was staring blankly at her, she suddenly burst into hearty laughter. 
“Let me be honest with you. I became his pawn because he is holding my son hostage. As for all of you here in Oceanic Estate, you foolishly put me in charge of internal affairs despite knowing about my ill
intentions. Not only is he cruel to his own child, he even wants to groom my son too. Tell me, isn’t he pushing me to the brink?” 
By the time she finished, Janice had laughed so hard that she was already tearing. 
Sasha finally fell silent while the surroundings became dead quiet. 
It wasn’t until Jonathan was wheeled onto the scene in his wheelchair that the silence was broken. 
“I have gotten Sebastian to tell you repeatedly that I will help you find your son,” Jonathan asserted the moment he arrived. 
Janice finally stopped smiling. 
As tears rolled down her cheeks, she turned her head to avert her gaze. 
“There’s no need. I can do it myself as long as you release me.” 
Standing amidst the light, she closed her eyes with conviction and offered, “Furthermore, aren’t you looking to catch the big fish? Don’t you worry, I have done a lot of work for them over the years. Hence, I know very well who they deal with and where they operate. Once I’m out, I will ferret all of them out for you!” 
Jonathan eyes lit up in response. 
As for Mark, he was equally delighted. 
Only Sasha continued to stare blankly at Janice. 
If that’s the case, wouldn’t she be walking into the lion’s den? Given that she has been exposed and was locked up in Oceanic Estate for a long time, why would they trust her when she returns? What does she plan to do in order to get Oceanic Estate all those information?
###Chapter 1119
Chapter 1119
For the first time in her life, Sasha felt as if her heart was squeezed so hard by the immense pressure she felt, to the extent that she could barely breathe. 
“Go. Go to your mom.” 
She was filled with mixed emotions as Janice had already released her son. 
Subsequently, Ian ran toward Sasha, where she embraced him with her outstretched arms. 
“Little Ian, are you alright?” 
“I’m fine, Mommy.” 
Being the sensible child that he was, Ian had already calmed down by then. 
After letting Ian go and the fact that she didn’t cause any real damage, Janice threw the weapon in her hand aside. It was nothing but a sharpened hair pin. 
As for the s that she shot at the bodyguards, they were just crushed pieces of her own button. 
Mark asked, “Old Mr. Jadeson?” 
“Let her go. I trust her as her father is an upright man.” 
Waving his hand, Jonathan gestured for his men to step aside. 
After that, he mentioned someone to Janice. 
Janice was jolted by his comment just when she was about to leave. Turning around decisively, she stared at Jonathan. 
“H-How did you know my father?”
“When I saw you flinging your button, you reminded me of him. Back then, when I walked into an ambush, he grabbed a bunch of leaves and saved me the same way.” 
Jonathan told her about it candidly. 
Just as he smoke, Janice, who had behaved indifferently throughout, was suddenly shaken. 
Tears began to well up in her eyes. 
“The Durant family of Xenhall has long been known for their righteousness and loyalty to the nation. The men would learn to be warriors while the women would train to be doctors. However, I don’t know how you ended up being an assassin with a scalpel. What I do know is that your dad would definitely not want to see you this way, am I right?” 
The entire scene fell silent, under than for Janice’s uncontrollable sobs. 
An assassin with a scalpel! 
Those words felt like a knife in her heart. Even in death, she knew she would always be filled with shame. 
However, she was left without a choice. 
After all, she wanted to clear the Durant family’s name. Also, she wanted to find out who was so powerful as to bend the influential White family to their will. 
With that, Janice disappeared from Oceanic Estate in a blink of an eye. 
Two hours later, calmness descended upon the residence again. 
As for Matteo, he finally awoke under Sasha’s care. Although he still looked pale, he was well enough to play with his siblings.
Finally relieved by the sight, Sasha went downstairs to see Jonathan. 
“Grandpa, are you alright? Why did you get yourself wheeled upstairs? What if-” 
Sasha didn’t finish her sentence. 
Nevertheless, her concerns were obvious. It would be bad if someone had seen him. 
Jonathan’s heart melted when he saw the worried look on Sasha’s face. After stretching his hands that were numb from lying down, he let out a joyful smile. 
“It’s alright. All those men are my subordinates. There’s no need to be concerned.” 
Looking at how nonchalant Jonathan was, Sasha couldn’t help but shake her head. 
Taking out her needles, Sasha rolled up the bottom of Jonathan’s pants and began the acupuncture treatment for his legs. 
“By the way, with regards to Janice, do you really know her dad? Did you know it was him from the beginning or did you only remember after she attacked with the buttons?” 
“I had my suspicions early on but I wasn’t sure. But after what happened just now, I managed to confirm that she was Sean Durant’s daughter.” 
“Sean?” 
Intrigued, Sasha raised her gaze at Jonathan. 
She was truly interested in learning more about Janice’s background. 
After all, Janice’s words had struck a nerve with her.
“Hmm, Sean was the head of the Durant family of Xenhall. They were pretty famous where they lived. When I was fighting battles there and met an ambush, he was the one who rescued me.” 
“He’s that good?” 
“Mmm-hmm. The Durant family are famous in Xenhall for their combat prowess, while the White family are famous for their political acumen. As long as both families watch over Xenhall, the town would continue to do well for a long time.” 
Until that day, Jonathan was still filled with awe when he explained the situation to Sasha. 
However, Sasha’s eyes lit up the moment she caught an important detail. 
The White family? Which White family? 
Her heart began to race. “Grandpa, when you mention the White family, do you mean…” 
Jadeborough replied, “Yes, Alfred’s family. However, after Alfred rose through the ranks and came to Jadeborough, the Durant family slowly faded away in Xenhall. After that, when I heard that they disappeared completely, I felt that it was a shame.” 
Jonathan sighed at the mention of the incident while Sasha remained silent. 
However, all she could feel was her heartbeat accelerating. Staring at Jonathan, she blurted out an outlandish idea.
###Chapter 1120
Chapter 1120
Is Janice Alfred’s rumored ex-flame? According to the whispers, Alfred has an illegitimate son. Can he be the son she is looking for? 
Even though she was shocked by her own deduction, she didn’t vocalize the questions she had. Instead, she felt it more appropriate to discuss it with Sebastian when he returned. 
Once Jonathan’s treatment was done, Sasha went to care for the children. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian, who was at the White House, had just officially stepped into Congress. 
Thinking back, he remembered it wasn’t his first time there. However, the purpose of his last trip was to create trouble. Not only did he cause a ruckus, he even demonstrated his lunacy in front of everyone. 
Nevertheless, Sebastian entered with a nonchalant attitude. 
“Yary, wait for me. Let’s go in together.” 
Just as he walked, Sebastian heard someone calling him from behind. When he heard the name “Yary,” he could feel his stomach churn. 
That person was Benedict. From the moment Sebastian arrived at the White House, he behaved in an extraordinarily friendly manner. 
Benedict felt a sense of self-satisfaction when he saw the Jadesons’ last heir waiting for him. Hence, he asked with concern, “How was it? Did you manage to get to know your colleagues in the House better during the cocktail party? I hope they didn’t make things difficult for you?” 
The House was a body that was part of Congress.
Unlike the Senate which was made up of administrative leaders, the House consisted of military leaders instead. 
Sebastian plainly replied, “We didn’t speak much.” 
“Huh? How can they do that?” 
Benedict was outraged the moment he heard Sebastian’s answer. 
“That’s really unbecoming of them. Although it was your first time there, your grandpa and cousin were prominent figures in the House. How could they have been so unwelcoming to you?” 
“It’s alright. It’s probably because I’m still new,” Sebastian replied in nonchalance. 
During the party earlier, he did feel the obvious contempt the others had shown him. Even though he was a Jadeson, they blatantly disrespected him and treated him as if he was invisible. 
In contrast to them, Benedict now seemed overly friendly instead. 
Isn’t that the case? 
Sebastian let out a smirk as he entered. After locating his seat, he sat down and crossed his legs. 
When the other representatives saw him, they began gossiping about him again. 
“Just look at him. Isn’t he used to being autocratic? Why is he sitting that way and putting on such airs?” 
“Who knows. Didn’t they say he was the boss of a multinational company?” 
“So what if he was? Doesn’t he know what this place is? This is the White House and the Congress. If it wasn’t because he was a Jadeson, he would never have been able to step into this place.”
“Shush! Stop it. Did you forget how he ran amok here? Don’t get on his nerves again.” 
With just a few vicious and insidious words, the representatives showed their disdain for Sebastian. In fact, their behavior was no different from the lowly hoodlums in the street. 
Sebastian didn’t hear their words as he was sitting some distance away. 
However, Benedict, who was sitting behind him, did. 
He shot a glance at those men. Despite welcoming Sebastian warmly just a moment ago, he watched with interest without showing any expression at all. 
A few minutes later, everyone, including the new president, had arrived. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, today is my first time presiding over this House session since the election and I would like to thank all of you for coming early. And now, let us begin.” 
Silas Zander didn’t show any stage fright at all. Instead, he calmly sat down and greeted everyone with a smile. 
With that, he casually kicked off the House meeting. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
From which hole did Silas crawl out from? 
“Yary?” 
At that moment, Benedict’s voice rang out from behind. 
Sebastian’s gaze darkened at once.
“Do you want to sit with me? I suppose you don’t know how to vote yet. So, I’ll show you how to do it,” Benedict called out softly as he invited Sebastian over. 
With his current position in the White House, he had the authority to request a change of seat. 
However, Sebastian ignored him instead. 
Just when Sebastian was about to put in the three votes in his hands, someone approached all of a sudden. 
“Yariel, since this is your first time attending a House meeting, do you have any trouble settling in?” 
Raising his gaze, Sebastian looked quizzically at Silas who had just appeared in front of him. 
Is he here to show his concern? What a wonderful gesture this is! 
Sebastian recovered his gaze plainly. “No.” 
“That’s good. If there’s anything you need to know, you can speak to my secretary general. As for the votes in the House, there’s no need for you to cast them. That position has always belonged to the Jadesons. After this, I’ll discuss the matter with Old Mr. Jadeson so that he can send you to the military barracks. There, you can take over your cousin’s position which automatically makes you eligible for Congress.”
###Chapter 1121
Chapter 1121
Much to Sebastian’s surprise, the new president openly said those words to him in front of everyone else. 
The entire hall fell silent. 
Benedict, who was seated behind Sebastian, watched on with a stunned expression. 
What in the world? Isn’t this ridiculous? Aside from the fact that there is no such precedent within the White House, Yariel doesn’t have any military experience at all. So how can he have a position in the House? Isn’t this pushing it too far? 
Many among those present were both shocked and furious, primarily because they too coveted the position. 
“Sir, have you truly given this decision due consideration? Given that Old Mr. Jadeson’s grandson has never been in the army before, how is he fit to assume that position? After all, this relates to the nation’s military matters!” 
Those who were anxious began to protest even before Sebastian said a word. 
Once doubt was cast upon Sebastian, many others in the hall supported the stance. 
In summary, most of them felt that Sebastian wasn’t qualified for the role. 
Throughout the exchange, Sebastian remained silent. 
All he did was stare intently at the president. Losing his calm, an icy glint flashed in his eye. 
Did he just put a target on my back in public? Interesting!
“Calm down, everyone. I’m aware that Yariel doesn’t have any military experience. However, he is an extremely smart man. Before he joined the government, he was Astoria’s most prominent businessman. All of you shouldn’t underestimate him. After all, it’s just military affairs. I’m sure he can get the hang of it in no time.” 
Silas stood by his decision. 
However, those words caused further anxiety among everyone present. Just when they were prepared to remonstrate further, a frosty voice pierced through the chaos in the chamber. 
“Fine. There’s no need to vote then.” 
The next moment, everyone watched as the young man they had just ridiculed, raised his hand and threw the votes he was holding away. 
It drove everyone mad. 
Two hours later, the elections finally ended. Benedict was elected to the Senate, while the Cabinet Council accepted a new member. 
As for the House, Sebastian was chosen for it. 
When all of them were leaving, Benedict caught up with Sebastian. 
“Yary, you really are a gutsy one. How dare you take up the position? You have never touched a gun nor fight on the battlefield before. How can you…” 
Just as he walked, Benedict pointed at Sebastian with a worried and frustrated expression. 
Sebastian swept his gaze at him. “What are you worried about? Isn’t my grandpa supporting me still?” 
“You…”
Benedict almost burst a vessel. 
Obviously, he didn’t want the position to be taken by Sebastian as he too had his own preferred candidate. 
Despite his exasperation, Benedict had little choice other than to accept it. 
“No matter what, you just have to be more careful. Let me remind you, the representatives of the House have always been difficult even when your cousin was in the White House. Now that you have been given the hot seat, you have to stay vigilant against their ruthless schemes.” 
Maintaining his silence, Sebastian wasn’t bothered to entertain Benedict. When he saw Mark already waiting in the car, he quickly got in. 
Watching from behind, Benedict gritted his teeth and yelled, “Fine. Call me if you need anything. By the way, I’m heading to Yorksland in two days’ time. Do you want me to bring your sister back?” 
Sebastian paused just as he opened the car door. 
“Are you going to Yorksland, Mr. Cooper? What for?” 
“That’s right. That mischievous son of mine has caused trouble again. This time, he has hurt someone’s daughter. Hence, I have no choice but to go over and make sure that nothing comes out of it at such a crucial time,” Benedict explained candidly. 
Subsequently, Sebastian shifted his gaze toward Mark. 
However, Mark averted his gaze from the undeniably conflicted expression. 
Sebastian clenched his teeth…
“There’s no need to. Ever since Devin’s death, her emotions have become volatile. I’m worried that bringing her back would only make things worse. I’m sorry that she has imposed herself on your son for such a long time. In two days’ time, I’ll send someone to set her up with a place to stay for a while,” Sebastian finally answered his question. 
Benedict waved his hand. “It’s fine. Just let her stay there. After all, my house there is huge. Having one extra person staying there doesn’t make a difference.” 
Ever since the election ended, Benedict was even more attentive toward the Jadesons. 
Without saying a word, Sebastian entered the car and left. 
After more than ten minutes, when the White House could no longer be seen in the rearview mirror, Mark couldn’t resist asking, “Mr. Sebastian, is it true that you have been elected to the House?”
###Chapter 1122
Chapter 1122
Sebastian plainly grunted, “Mmm-hmm.” 
Mark’s eyes widened at the rearview mirror. 
“Why did you? Before you left, didn’t Old Mr. Jadeson remind you to stay out of all this? How did you end up stepping back into the center of power? By doing this, Old Mr. Jadeson will…” 
“Silas was the one who forced me into it.” 
“Silas?” Mark gaped. 
How is that possible? Isn’t he the newly elected president? Why must he pressure the Jadesons when they no longer pose a threat to the White House? By putting a target on Mr. Sebastian’s back, is he trying to destroy the Jadesons? 
Within just a few seconds, Mark’s face had lost all color. 
However, Sebastian didn’t share Mark’s grim assessment of the situation. After massaging his forehead, he took out his phone. 
“There’s no need to panic. It’s all just a game. If it’s too simple, where’s the fun in that?” 
Mark’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets. 
What sort of comment is that? Given how dire the situation is, how can he say that it’s just a game? 
Suddenly, Mark could feel his old chest injury acting up again. 
Meanwhile, inside a villa in Yorksland… 
Sabrina noticed that there was something strange about Edmund.
For example, he had always loved to go out gallivanting. But over the last two days, he stayed at home holed up in his bedroom. 
Also, when she happened to come downstairs, she saw him sitting in the living room reading some maps. 
Is he planning to take me to Zarain? 
Sabrina’s eyes lit up at the thought. 
“Edmund, what are you doing?” 
“Huh?” 
Just when he was making notes on the map, Edmund panicked and almost dropped his pencil on the table. 
“N-Nothing at all. Why did you come down? Weren’t you sleeping?” Springing up to his feet from the sofa, Edmund swiftly folded up the map. 
Sabrina furrowed her eyebrows. 
“Not really, I’ve slept enough. Anyway, what map is that? Is it one of Zarain? When are you going to take me to see my husband? It’s already been one week.” 
Sabrina began to show her frustration. 
In fact, she was further infuriated when he kept up the map instead of giving it to her. 
So that’s what it is.
Edmund chuckled. “No, this is a map of a holiday villa that I planned to invest in, not one of Zarain. I just want to see if there’s anything interesting nearby.” 
“You…” 
Sabrina was enraged. 
However, the butler hurried in anxiously, “Mr. Edmund, bad news! Mr. Cooper is heading over from Jadeborough.” 
“What?” 
Within a few seconds, the garden was plunged into utter chaos. 
Sabrina stood there and watched with an indifferent expression. 
Soon, a middle-aged man’s voice thundered, causing Edmund’s face to drastically change. When he ordered the maids to drag Sabrina upstairs, she forcefully shoved their hands away. 
“You call yourself a man?” 
Edmund gave her a baffled look. 
But this time, she surprisingly complied. After giving him an earful, she went back up herself. 
Heaving a sigh of relief, Edmund headed out of the house. 
Boom! 
The moment he opened the villa’s main door, he saw a foot flying in his direction. 
His pupils constricted at the sight.
As if by reflex, he opened his palms to intercept it. As long as he managed to catch the leg, he would be able to fracture or cripple it. 
However, the very instant he launched his attack, something flashed across his mind. 
The next moment, the kick landed on his body. Grunting in agony, he collapsed onto the ground and rolled for some distance. 
“Argh…” 
Coincidentally, the butler passed by and saw what happened. He exclaimed, “Mr. Edmund, Mr. Edmund, are you alright? Mr. Cooper, how can you be so cruel to your son? What if he gets hurt?” 
“What if? The only thing on my mind right now is to beat him to death!” 
The moment Benedict entered, he unleashed a tirade. 
Everyone in the villa who came to see the ruckus didn’t dare make a sound. 
As for the butler, he helped Edmund back up without protesting further. 
Instead, it was Edmund who picked himself up and waited for the agonizing pain to pass before staring daggers at his father. 
“In that case, go on and beat me to death this instant!” 
“You…” 
Benedict was so furious that even his veins were throbbing all over. 
Fortunately, just when Benedict found a stick to give Edmund a beating, the butler selflessly threw himself between the father and son.
“Mr. Cooper, don’t blame Mr. Edmund for what happened. It’s Mrs. Jadeson’s fault instead. Mr. Edmund wasn’t even home when the two women came by. When Mrs. Jadeson found them to be annoying, she kicked them down from upstairs. Therefore, this matter has nothing to do with Mr. Edmund at all.”
###Chapter 1123
Chapter 1123
To protect Edmund, the butler had shifted all the blame to Sabrina. 
However, Edmund’s expression turned gloomy at once. 
“What nonsense are you talking about? Get lost!” 
“Mr. Edmund…” 
In the end, Benedict didn’t carry out his threat. 
However, when he entered the living room and saw the tightly shut door upstairs, his expression changed drastically. 
“I won’t hold you accountable for what happened. However, you have to get her to leave.” 
“What did you say?” 
Still holding onto his painful stomach, Edmund looked up the moment he heard those words. “Leave? But her body hasn’t recovered. She cannot go!” 
“You don’t have to worry about that. Before I came here, her brother told me that he will find her a place to stay in a day or two. Once I give him a call, he will send someone to pick her up. Hence, there’s nothing for you to worry about.” 
Just as he spoke, Benedict picked up the phone from the side table. 
The moment he started dialing, Edmund quickly approached and slapped the phone away from his hand, causing it to crash onto the ground. 
“What gives you the right to decide for me? Have you forgotten your place?”
“What did you say?” 
Although it looked as if tempers were about to flare, that was how the father and son interacted with each other most of the time. 
The reason was that Edmund was an illegitimate child. Ever since he was young, we would grow up amidst the mockery and contempt shown by others. Although Benedict would visit him once in a while, Edmund simply saw it as charity instead. 
Therefore, he was filled with hatred for Benedict. 
When the butler saw that the situation was going to escalate again, he quickly intervened to diffuse it. 
“Mr. Cooper, is there a need to argue with Mr. Edmund over something as trivial as this? I’m sure you’re aware that he loves to go against you for the sake of it. By ordering him to send the woman away, he would definitely not comply even if he was willing to do so.” 
After hearing those words, a sudden realization dawned upon Benedict. 
“Do you mean…” 
“Just sent her away when he isn’t around. By the time he returns, he likely won’t complain,” the butler suggested confidently. 
In truth, that was how Edmund always behaved. Every time he had quarreled with his dad, the butler would discreetly resolve whatever problem it was. By the time he found out, he would turn a blind eye to it. 
After calming down, Benedict agreed to the plan. 
In truth, he wasn’t being unreasonable.
He had indeed wanted to ally himself with the Jadesons. After all, he felt they would be of use in the future. 
However, Sabrina was just too volatile to have around. At the rate things were going, he was worried she would bring catastrophe upon his son. Therefore, it was prudent for him to send her away as early as he could. 
In the evening… 
Sabrina had obediently stayed in her room that day. 
After hearing the commotion downstairs and the sound of Edmund being beaten, she decided to wait patiently in the room despite the urge to sneak out earlier. 
She wanted to wait for him to return so that she could bid him goodbye. 
However, Edmund didn’t see her that night. Instead, it was the butler who came by. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, aren’t you looking to travel to Zarain and find your husband? We have a car heading there right now. Do you want to go with it?” 
Standing in the bedroom, Sabrina gave the butler an expressionless look. 
After recuperating recently and having taken her medication, her mind wasn’t as groggy as it was before. When she encountered any problems, she would crack her brain over it. 
Is he sending me to Zarain in the middle of the night? 
After pondering for half a minute, she turned around decisively and grabbed her things. Subsequently, she followed the butler out of the villa where she had stayed for almost ten days.
It was deep in the night where the freezing cold breeze was blowing everywhere. 
The sky was so dark that she couldn’t even see her fingers. 
Sitting in the moving sedan, Sabrina maintained her silence. It wasn’t until the car got on the highway that it suddenly changed directions and drove in the opposite way. 
“Turn around!” Sabrina barked as she held an eyebrow razor against the driver’s neck. 
Terrified by the threat, the driver slammed on the brakes, causing the car to screech to a halt. The next moment, the car door opened, and he was kicked out of it just like a dog. 
Subsequently, the car sped off toward Zarain. 
It wasn’t until the next morning that Edmund discovered what happened. 
He was at the nightclub the night before and didn’t return home due to his busy schedule. Furthermore, now that his hated father was there, he didn’t want to see him at all. 
The moment he returned and heard what transpired, he stood stunned for a few seconds. 
“Who did you say took her away?” 
“Mr. Cooper brought her back to Jadeborough. He had wanted to inform you but you didn’t come home last night. Hence, he brought her with him right away,” the butler explained eloquently. 
The moment he finished, he saw Edmund’s eyes turn bloodshot in rage. The next second, he was sent flying by a thunderous kick. 
Thump! 
It was a kick that left him no chance of survival.
Upon crashing onto the ground, the butler had stopped moving.
###Chapter 1124
Chapter 1124
Sabrina didn’t sleep for the entire night as she sped toward Zarain in the dark. Other than stopping to refuel at a gas station, she barely rested at all. 
By the time dawn broke, she had arrived at the border. 
“Prepare the documents, we are about to cross the border soon.” 
“All right.” 
Slowing down her car, Sabrina caught a glimpse of the long line at the border checkpoint. Inside the pickup truck that was closest to her, she overheard the conversation between the couple inside. 
Given that they were at the border waiting to cross into another country, they naturally needed their documents. 
After driving the entire night, Sabrina furrowed her eyebrows. As her bloodshot eyes stared toward the front, she was forced to stop her car by the side. 
How am I going to cross the border without my documents? 
After rummaging through the car, she didn’t find any sort of ID at all. The next moment, she raised her gaze and stared at the pickup. 
“I found them, here they are. Look Hubby, our documents are all here.” 
“Good. Hang on to them, we’ll-” 
The male driver stopped mid-sentence when he saw a young lady suddenly appear beside their truck. 
Holding onto the car window they were winding down, she glared intently at their documents.
“Do you have a way to smuggle me through? If you succeed, you can have the five hundred thousand in this card.” 
Sabrina took out a gold card and waved it in front of the couple. 
Both of them were stunned. 
Five hundred thousand for taking her along? Did we hear wrongly? 
However, this lady doesn’t look rich at all. Her face looks pale while her hair is disheveled. The only thing positive about her is that she is dressed neatly. Even then, her clothes consist of casual everyday brands. Hence, is there really five hundred thousand in the card? 
The couple was skeptical. 
Sensing their hesitation, Sabrina began to lose her patience. “If you don’t believe me, you can turn me in to the authorities even after smuggling me over. Isn’t that right?” 
The couple fell silent. 
In the end, they couldn’t resist the sudden temptation of money. Hence, they told Sabrina to get in. 
Ten minutes later, the pickup truck drove up to the border checkpoint with Sabrina in the back. She was pretending to be a sick lady heading to Zarain for treatment. 
“Sir, we are taking our sister for medical treatment in Zarain. She has cancer and has managed to secure an organ donor over there. Look, this is her medical record, and these are our papers.” 
At the checkpoint, the couple handed the guard their documents and a set of medical records while explaining.
Much to Sabrina’s surprise, what they told the guard was true. Furthermore, they even had a spare ID on hand. 
However, they weren’t really sending Sabrina for treatment still. Their real purpose was to bring someone from Zarain back. 
Hence, when the border guard came over to check, he flipped open the canvas cover at the back of the pickup and saw a sickly woman all curled up just as the couple described. 
“Fine. Go on then.” 
The guard didn’t suspect anything at all. 
After all, Sabrina was extremely skilled in makeup. Back at Avenport, she was known for her outlandish makeup and even had people comparing her to the devil. 
With that, the pickup quickly drove through the checkpoint. 
The next time they stopped, they had arrived at the first city in Zarain which was hundreds of kilometers away from the border. 
“Alright now. You can let me off here. Here’s the card. You can withdraw the money from the bank in front which is linked with our domestic banks. I’ll be here waiting for you.” 
After jumping out from the back, Sabrina flung the card to the couple. Just as promised, she waited there for them. 
When the couple saw that she dared to make such a promise, they naturally believed her. 
“Miss, don’t misunderstand, it’s not that we don’t trust you. Anyway, since you do not have an ID, you might still get into trouble here. Where are you going actually? You can tell us if you trust us. Perhaps,
we can be of assistance.” 
Standing beside the pickup, Sabrina folded her arms and stared at the couple. After a long while, she finally replied, “I’m heading to Bellridge.” 
“What?” The couple were shocked. 
Bellridge? Isn’t that the most dangerous place in Zarain? Even though it is located at the border and has a thriving commercial sector, it used to be an area torn by war some time ago. In fact, the situation had barely changed. Just a while ago, there was even news that a domestic military commander lost his life there while attacking bandits. 
The couple was worried. “Do you really want to go there? It’s not really peaceful there. In fact, it is dangerous for you to go alone.” 
“I’ll be fine.” 
Sabrina had lost all patience. After giving them a frosty reply, she simply walked away. 
Being a kind-hearted couple, they quickly caught up with her. “In that case, we’ll give you the pickup. Without any documents, it’s hard for you to secure a vehicle.” 
The husband handed over the keys. 
After glancing at them, she took them and got back into the truck.
###Chapter 1125
Chapter 1125
Having half a million would make it easy to purchase a pickup. Moreover, once she had the car, many things would become even more convenient for her. 
Thus, Sabrina drove the pickup to her destination. 
Bellridge was indeed a dangerous place. It was not only because that place was a battlefield in the past, but because many criminals were lurking around the borders. In fact, Bellridge was a paradise for criminals. 
By the time Edmund flew the helicopter into the city, Sabrina was already in Bellridge. 
It was a piece of land spanning a few hundred thousand square kilometers. When he leaned to the side and looked down from the helicopter, he could see the endless mountains and the towering buildings in the metropolitan area. It was a devastating sight for him. 
“Mr. Edmund, don’t worry. He has arranged for men to look for Mrs. Jadeson, and these men are all locals. I’m sure they’ll soon find her,” said a Cooper who had come with him. The man gulped when he saw Edmund’s expression. 
However, right as those words left his mouth, Edmund snapped his head to the side and hissed, “You’d better start praying that she’s fine. Otherwise, I’m going to end all of your lives!” 
Edmund’s eyes were bloodshot, and his voice was like a demon crawled out of hell, sending chills down others’ spines. 
The man watched Edmund leave in a daze. 
It took him a long while before he could recompose himself and forced his trembling legs to make the climb down before hurrying after Edmund.
He had never seen Edmund act in this way before. 
He could not believe that the man who had personally sent the butler into the ICU and flew the helicopter to this country was the Edmund Cooper he knew. 
When did Edmund become so impressive? the man thought as he anxiously followed Edmund. 
However, right as Edmund entered the city, he headed straight to the hospital to try to find out the woman’s whereabouts. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Cooper, I haven’t seen this woman before.” 
Unfortunately, there were no traces of that woman in the hospital. 
What about the mortuary? 
As the other Cooper came up with the possibility, Edmund rushed out of the hospital and to the mortuary. 
It was nothing too surprising. 
Since that woman did not believe that her husband was dead, she would head to the last known location where he was seen alive. That way, she would be able to find out more details about him. 
Once again, Edmund received bad news when he reached the mortuary—no one had seen her there. 
Where else could she be? 
Did she go to the place her husband died? 
At that, his face turned drastically white.
Just as he was about to head to the forest, someone ran out of the mortuary, shouting, “Mr. Edmund, you’re here! We’ve found the one you’re looking for! She’s at Diega Casino.” 
“What?” Edmund’s face paled further. “A casino?” 
Has this woman gone mad? 
How could she have gone there? Doesn’t she know what that place is? 
Diega Casino was not an authentic casino. It was the infamous black market where criminals frequented and did shady deeds. 
How can she go there? 
Overwhelmed by fury and shock, Edmund’s vision turned dark for a moment. It took him a while before he could recollect himself, but right after he did, he rushed to the casino. 
At Diega Casino. 
Indeed, Sabrina was at a table in the casino. 
When she first came, no one paid any attention to her, for she had messy hair and was wearing casual clothes. They all had thought she was a beggar, and they tried to chase her out of the place. 
However, when she went straight to the table and threw out a black card, they all fell silent. 
Sabrina was no different from her usual self. 
After throwing the card on the table, she leaned back in the chair and put her legs on another chair. Once she was in a comfortable position, the emotionless words left her mouth. “Five million. Who’s
interested in playing with me? The only thing you have to do when I win is to answer a question of mine. If I lose, you’ll get the money.” 
Five million? 
Everyone widened their eyes. 
It was no small sum. Although they were in a casino, Bellridge was located in Zarain; Zarain was a country with an underdeveloped economy, so the amount of money flowing in the market was not as much as in other countries. 
Therefore, the rest were unable to tear their eyes away from the black card. 
However, after a while of staring, their eyes widened even more. 
The card she had thrown out was a limited global black card. 
Immediately, the entire casino was engulfed by excitement. They stopped looking at her with disdainful gazes and began rubbing their palms in anticipation. 
Sabrina did not stop them. 
However, they soon realized that not only was the woman rich, but she also seemed like a brilliant gambler.
###Chapter 1126
Chapter 1126
“Three of a kind. I won this, didn’t I?” 
“Ha,” was Sabrina’s only response to the first gambler she went up against. 
In the next second, she threw her cards out on the table. 
The crowd gasped loudly at the sight of the cards. 
She had a flush! 
It was unbelievable. 
The other gambler was speechless for a moment before hanging his head, despondent. In the end, he threw his cards aside. 
“Fine, you won. Say now. What do you want to know?” 
“Okay,” Sabrina said gleefully. 
She, too, threw her cards on the table before taking something out of her pocket and putting it in front of her. 
“I want to know where this bullet is from.” 
“What?” 
Once again, the crowd gasped in surprise. 
They were indeed at a black market, but still, she was the first they had ever seen to be so straightforward. Moreover, what she had fished out of her pocket was a bullet! 
Their faces paled.
Even the gambler was stuttering. “H-How am I supposed to know the answer to that? A bullet’s a bullet. That’s all.” 
Nevertheless, Sabrina continued to stare at him, the smile on her face gone. “Take a closer look. If you give me the answer, this five million will be yours.” 
The gambler inhaled sharply. 
It was basically free money. 
Immediately, he lost his stammer. With his eyes fixed on the bullet, he blurted out, “This is a bullet from a sniper rifle. I think it’s from an SSG model.” 
“No, how can this be from an SSG model? A bullet from an SSG sniper wouldn’t be that long and complicated. It’ll just be copper wrapped around gunpowder,” someone instantly refuted. 
Rage filled the gambler’s chest when he heard that. “Am I the one playing, or are you the one playing? I’m the one who’s answering her question.” 
The one who interrupted him fell silent. 
“It’s okay. Anyone here can tell me the origin of the bullet, and I’ll bet a round with them. Then, the money’s yours.” 
Sabrina shrugged, seemingly a completely generous person. 
Immediately, a commotion broke out. 
In seconds, all kinds of people were trying to inform Sabrina about the origins of the bullet. They fought, verbally and physically, just for the chance of getting rich. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina watched them with slight disinterest.
Of course, at one point in time, a pen and a paper had appeared in her hands. Every time they revealed any information about the bullet, she would speedily note it down. 
The tip of the bullet was lead, and there was a ring at the bottom. 
It contained a luminescent agent that would provide more accurate aiming, which in return would lead to a more destructive shot. 
The bullet was suitable for far-distance shooting, and once it buried itself in its target, the target was doomed to die. 
At the last two sentences, Sabrina’s hand stiffened, and her knuckles turned white. 
“Miss, this bullet is basically from the latest weapon in the market. Are you thinking of buying it? If you want to, I can tell you how to. I know a shop that se—” 
“What are all of you doing?” 
Just as one of the gamblers was about to tell Sabrina where to get the bullet, a bellow came from the outside. 
The moment the voice echoed in the place, the men who had been circling Sabrina’s money like a pack of hyenas immediately dispersed as if they had turned into rats who had seen a cat. 
“Mr. Drake!” 
“Mr. Drake.” 
“Hello, Mr. Drake.”
In the next second, a middle-aged man in local clothing appeared. Not a strand of hair on his head was out of place, and he had a tiny mustache. The moment he appeared by the staircase, everyone in the casino began greeting him politely. 
Mr. Drake? 
Is he not local? 
If he is, then why is he a Drake? Wasn’t Drakon the one who raped Shanae? 
Sabrina quickly grabbed the bullet on the table as she stared at the man icily. 
“What were you all doing earlier?” 
“M-Mr. Drake, this lady here suddenly entered the casino and took out five million to bet with us. If we lose, we’ll have to tell her the origin of the bullet in her hand,” said one of the braver ones as he shakily pointed at the bullet in Sabrina’s hand. 
Immediately, the middle-aged man narrowed his eyes in displeasure and let them drift toward Sabrina. 
“Miss, may I know what your name is?” 
With a cigarette in his hand, he strode toward the table Sabrina was at. 
“The name’s Soprano. What’s the matter? Am I not allowed to play in this way? I’ve heard that we could make any deals here.” 
There was no hint of fear on her face at all. 
The casino owner’s eyes narrowed.
The woman had an unfamiliar face. He had been in the criminal underworld for so long, but he had never seen a woman as courageous and arrogant as her. 
Then, his gaze slowly trailed toward the bullet in her hand.
###Chapter 1127
Chapter 1127
All of a sudden, he said, “Of course, but they might not have the full details of the information you want. Why don’t you show it to me instead? I’ve seen more things than they have. Perhaps I will be able to identify it with just a mere glance.” 
Sabrina stared at him for a moment. 
It had been a laborious trip to the forest to get this bullet. The moment she reached, she had been scouring through the woods like a madwoman. 
It took her a long time to find the bullet. 
When she did, she was overjoyed, for she knew that once she had gotten the bullet, she would be able to find the group of people who had fought against her husband. 
If I find them, that means I’ll find him. 
In the end, Sabrina chose to hand over the bullet to him. 
Yet, what she never expected was for the casino owner to pinch the bottom of the bullet as soon as he took it from her. She was sure that he must have pressed something, for the bullet instantly fell apart in his hands right in front of her. 
“This bullet is part of the smuggled ammunition in the black market. Its key feature is that it’s exceptionally lethal, light, and perfect for far-range shooting. Therefore, it’s popular on the black market. However, about a month ago, a high-ranking military officer from your country had died from this bullet while he was looking into this. Once he died, the smuggling operations ceased. How is it, Ms. Soprano? Are you satisfied with this answer?” 
In fact, after the casino owner nonchalantly told her about the origins of the bullet, he threw the bullet casing and its gunpowder onto the ground.
Sabrina nearly went mad. 
In that one second, she could only watch as the man scatter the bullet she had salvaged with much difficulty onto the ground. Anger overpowered her. 
“Who gave you the right to take apart the bullet? Who said you could do that? Fine. Since you know where it came from, tell me now where those people are! Tell me where those animals are!” 
Sabrina no longer had a grip on her rationality. 
The truth was that she had retreated into a world of fantasy after hearing the news. If she had been sober, she would not have been delighted to find the bullet, thinking that it would lead her to Devin. 
By the time Edmund reached the casino, the place was in chaos. 
Everyone was attacking one woman. The tables were flipped; the chips and the cards were everywhere. Right in the middle of the chaos was the woman Edmund was looking for. She was returning the attacks with the vigor of a dying, cornered animal. 
“I’ll kill you!” she screamed. Despite the numerous injuries on her, she was still throwing punches as if she was numb to all her senses. Her eyes were bloodshot, and it was a crazed look in them. Right then, she stabbed the knife in her hand in the direction of the casino owner. 
At the same time, the casino owner raised the gun in his hand. 
“Mr. Drake, it seems like your guess is right. This woman is here to investigate us. I never thought that she would be smart enough to find her way here after that officer died. Say, who is she really?” 
“Who cares who is she? She’ll be nothing but a dead person once you kill her!” 
With a ruthless grin on his face, the casino owner pulled the trigger.
Bang! 
A gunshot rang out. 
Everyone fell silent, including Sabrina, who had lost her mind in the fight. 
What confused her was that she could not see anything clearly anymore. She could only hear a quiet thump behind her before a blurry figure walked toward her. 
“I’ll…kill you.” 
When her mind registered that someone was walking toward her, she instinctively raised her knife, its blade blunt after the fight. 
However, she was exhausted, for she had been fighting with all her strength until then. Her trembling arm could not raise the knife another time. 
So, am I dying now? 
That’s fine. 
If I die, I’ll get to see him. 
I won’t need to try so hard to find him anymore. 
Somehow, she was coming back to her senses at a time like this. 
A figure rushed toward her but slowed down when it was right in front of her. In a soft voice, the figure worriedly said, “Ms. Sabrina?” 
Sabrina tilted her head to the side.
Ms. Sabrina? 
For a moment, she could not think who that person could possibly be. 
Only when someone took her knife away, and the world spun—only when she fell into warm arms and before she lost consciousness—then did a name appear in her mind. 
Edmund. 
Two days later, Karl arrived in Bellridge and took away the few people in charge of the casino before setting the entire Diega Casino on fire. 
When Benedict heard about it, he called Edmund in a panic. 
“Brat, what have you been doing there? How could you have killed the casino owner and burned down the casino? Don’t you know that they’re- they’re—” 
Benedict repeated those last two words several times, but he still could not utter out loud the words he wanted to say. 
However, Edmund responded in a flat tone, “He was about to kill Devin’s wife. Am I supposed to sit on my hands and watch as they kill her? If she dies here, what are you going to say to the Jadesons?” 
“Um…” 
Finally, Benedict was at a loss for words.
###Chapter 1128
Chapter 1128
In the end, Benedict was the one to end the call. 
However, before he did, he reminded Edmund to quickly take Sabrina back to Yorksland once she recovered. 
That was what Edmund planned to do as well. 
Yet, when Sabrina returned to the waking world, he realized there was something different about her. 
One morning, when Edmund came to the local hospital and was about to head to Sabrina’s ward, a nurse walked over and told him, “Mr. Cooper, Ms. Sabrina has woken up. However, she’s not displaying any signs of negative emotions like you said she would. She’s rather quiet.” 
Edmund froze. 
Quiet? 
He did not quite believe in the nurse’s words. After all, from the moment he got to know about her, he had only seen her being anxious and angry. 
With that thought in mind, Edmund came to her ward. 
Like the nurse had said, he was greeted with the sight of a conscious Sabrina when he entered the room. 
Oddly, she was looking out of the window, neither crying nor kicking up a fuss. It was as if she was in a whole different world from him. 
She never even made any sign that indicated her noticing his entrance. 
“Ms. Sabrina?”
Edmund’s heart skipped a beat as alarm bells rang in his head. 
To his relief, the woman slowly turned around and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Edmund did not know what to say to her. 
He stared into her empty, dead eyes as he digested the emotionless words that left her lips a second ago. His heartbeat, which had slowed down when she responded earlier, quickened again. 
“Nothing. I just wanted to ask how you’re feeling. Are you feeling any discomfort anywhere?” 
“No,” was all Sabrina said before turning her head to look out of the window again. 
Was there anything out there? 
The answer was no. What was outside were the tall buildings of Bellridge and the fire tree planted downstairs. 
Fire trees were everywhere in Zarain—by the sides of the road, by the garden, and more. Its flowering period was around June and July, and when the flowers bloomed, the tree would turn into a brilliant shade of red. 
However, that was not how the fire tree looked at that moment. 
It was mid-fall in Zarain. The tree that would have caught the attention of many during summer had nothing but yellowing leaves billowing in the autumn breeze. 
That tree was just like what Sabrina now was. 
Edmund’s face turned ashen. After a while, he walked over to her bed and tentatively suggested, “If you’re fine, then let’s discharge and go back, shall we? Your brother has called a few times by now. If we don’t go back soon, I think he’ll actually come here himself.”
“Okay,” the woman agreed, much to his surprise. 
Edmund lowered his eyes as his heart sank even more. 
“But before we go back, can I take a trip to the forest? I want to take a look at the place he…was last at,” Sabrina added. 
She did not even want to say that he was dead, for she had described the forest as the place he was last at instead of the place he had died at. 
Edmund clenched his hands when he heard her request to the point his knuckles turned white, but in the end, he agreed to it. 
Over an hour later, the two drove to the forest Devin was last at. On their way there, the warm sun let its rays shine on the trees, casting a spotty shadow over the land. 
It felt like the sun was taunting them, for it was a beautiful scene. 
Is it because of the lost life here? 
Edmund soon stopped his car near a stop sign. 
“The local government has forbidden anyone from entering this place because of your husband’s incident. If you want to go in, we’ll have to walk.” 
“Okay.” Sabrina nodded, still expressionless. 
Then, she pushed open the door and stepped out of the car. 
Edmund was not lying when he said that the road was sealed off after Devin’s incident, for several other nations’ teams were involved in that operation back then as well.
After Devin’s death, the team leaders had swiftly informed their higher-ups about the incident. Later on, Zarain received countless criticisms from various countries; they criticized Zarain for letting their government join the ranks of the criminal organizations and kill a high-ranking foreign military officer despite them entering Zarain to help with its crimes. 
Due to the pressure from the various countries, Zarain was forced to make a formal apology to them, including Devin. 
Then, Bellridge’s security tightened, and the surrounding forest was sealed up. 
Sabrina ambled along the side of the road. 
She was still much weaker than she used to be. After labor, she had not received an adequate amount of rest, and the fight at the casino had not helped. Thus, for every short distance she covered, she had to stop to rest. 
Edmund stayed by her side the entire time. 
“Do you need some water?” 
“No, I’m fine.” 
She continued walking. 
A moment later, she stopped again. This time, Edmund took out a container and said, “Eat something. You haven’t had anything since morning.” 
She shook her head again. 
Colors were drained from Sabrina’s face, and the sweat beading on her forehead was almost drenching her hair.
###Chapter 1129
Chapter 1129
Nevertheless, she persisted, and her efforts paid off. Soon, they arrived at the spot. 
Edmund was taken aback when they arrived at their destination. 
How did she know that this is the spot? After the forest was sealed off, all signs had been removed, and there was nothing to indicate where her husband had died. 
Looking at her from the back, Edmund asked, “Have you been here before?” 
She nodded. “Yes.” 
She then started to make her way past the guard rail. 
“Be careful,” Edmund said when he saw her. 
He quickly reached out to grab her, but just as his fingers were about to touch her skin, she moved away from him as if he had the plague. 
Then, she leaped over the guard rail. 
Edmund stood transfixed for a few seconds as he watched her go down, his hand frozen midair. 
What’s going on? 
I don’t remember her avoiding me like this before coming to Zarain. 
What’s happening? Has she figured things out? 
Edmund continued standing at the road as he mulled over the expressions and reactions she had back in the hospital. All of a sudden, realization struck him, and all colors drained from his face. 
She sobered up.
Despite the situation, she has come to her senses. 
If that’s what happened to her, then why would she still want to come here? Isn’t she trying to sprinkle salt on her own wound? 
The more Edmund thought about it, the less sense it made. 
However, Sabrina was already down there, and her figure soon disappeared into the trees. 
“Sabrina, come back!” Edmund yelled, livid. 
Frightened out of his wits, he leaped over the rail and fled after her as well. 
I should have thought of this earlier! 
What else would she do other than this? There was no light in her eyes after she came to her senses. 
“Sabrina, come back! I’m telling you now that you can’t avenge your husband! Even if you can, he won’t forgive you when you meet him! He only wants you to keep living, Sabrina!” 
Edmund screamed and shouted, and his voice reverberated in the woods. 
Yet, the woman running in front of him seemed to be deaf to it. 
She just kept sprinting forward. As Edmund had expected, she was going to kill those people regardless of what price she had to pay. She was going to skin them alive. 
Then, she was going to drag them to hell before reuniting with the man she loved. 
Sabrina’s eyes became redder and redder with each passing second. 
Bang!
All of a sudden, a gunshot rang out in the forest. 
Sabrina skidded to a stop as she instinctively turned around. A bullet whizzed past her cheek and shot through the tree by her side. 
This is some impressive shooting! was the first thought she had. 
It was then that bullet slammed into something else. 
Clang! 
It was the sound of metal meeting metal. 
When she heard it, she spun around to look at it. 
Only then, she saw the long bullet in a coat of copper falling to the ground right in front of a sign. 
Sabrina could only blink at it. 
A loud buzzing noise took over her mind, and everything else fell silent. 
The only thing she knew at that moment was that bullet on the ground. 
It’s… It’s the bullet I’m looking for. 
Edmund caught up to her half a minute after the gunshot rang out. When he finally saw her standing still, anger thrummed in his veins. Unable to control himself, he raised his hand, about to slap her. 
“You—” 
No one could understand what he felt at that moment.
The throbbing fury that roared in his ears robbed him of all his other senses. 
No words in any language could describe what he felt at that moment. All he could think was to slap that woman so that she would snap back her senses. 
Yet, when he pulled her over and looked into her eyes, he realized she was staring at the bullet on the ground. 
In an instant, his anger died off. 
He could not bring himself to swing his hand downward. 
“Do you know what you’re doing?” he asked in a hoarse voice after a long while, his eyes still fixed on her. 
Sabrina slowly let her eyes drift toward his. 
“Just leave me be. I know my limits.” 
“Limits?” 
Edmund barked out a loud laugh. “What limits? Did you think that you could sneak into their headquarters and avenge your husband after finding out their details at the casino? Do you know who they are?” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless. 
“Let me tell you this, Sabrina. They’re not just a small group of people; they’re an organization. They’re the dark web that spans across the entire globe. Not even your husband could stop them, and that was why they killed him. Do you think that you can really avenge him?” 
He mentioned Devin’s death.
###Chapter 1130
Chapter 1130
The calm facade on Sabrina’s face finally began to crack as she menacingly glared at him. “Shut up! You’re not allowed to say his name!” 
“Why can’t I? It’s a fact that he has failed. If not, then why did he die from that bullet?” 
At that, he jabbed his finger in the direction of the bullet on the ground. 
At that instant, the woman’s face turned ashen, and she shuddered. In the next second, she raised her hand and slapped the man. 
Smack! 
A loud and clear slap echoed in the forest, making birds fly away in surprise. 
“Shut up right now! Don’t you dare slander my husband! He did not fail. He died from the bullet because he couldn’t win against a whole group of people! It’s not his fault!” the woman screamed in his face. 
Not only did Edmund fail to slap her, but he was even slapped by her. 
His face was on fire from the powerful slap, but he turned to the side and licked the corner of his bleeding lip. 
Then, a relieved grin appeared on his face. 
Yes, this is what’s normal. 
“Fine, fine. You’re right. There’s nothing wrong with him, and it isn’t his fault. Then are you still going to avenge him? If he had lost against the people, do you really think you, a woman, would be stronger than him?”
Sabrina nearly slapped him again. 
She had never hated a man as much as that moment. 
Noticing that she was still in the same spot, Edmund said, “Think about it. This is a firearms smuggling case; you can’t resolve this with mere fighting. That bullet in your hand. Do you know why he ended up getting shot at? It’s because it’s very different from the usual bullet in terms of trajectory and weight. Devin is a high-ranking military officer who has been in countless battles, and yet, he never noticed it coming. What about you? What can you do?” 
Then, he pointed at the tree that he had shot at earlier. 
Sabrina quietly looked at it. 
Despite the fact that the bullet was what passed through the tree, the hole it made was as if a laser had gone through it. 
Sabrina swayed. Finally, she slumped to the ground. 
Edmund rushed over to hold her. 
“I’m the one to blame. I killed him. It’s me who killed him.” 
“What are you talking about?” 
“If not for me, he wouldn’t have stayed in Jetroina for so long. Things wouldn’t have reached this unsalvageable point. It’s all because of me that he ended up dying in their hands.” 
The woman ultimately let down all of her guards and began wailing in the middle of the forest. 
Yes. If not for me, he wouldn’t be dead.
That woman of the Woods family had said that she had asked her father to send Devin the letter, but that day, at Jetroina, Sabrina had kicked up a fuss after seeing Waylon. 
After that, Devin was forced to stay in Jetroina for another week. 
That extra week only existed because of her greed. The price for that extra week was his life. 
Sabrina curled her body into a ball, her heart aching from the sorrow. At that very moment, remorse had stolen away her courage to look at the bullet and face the world. 
She continued to curl her body as if she was trying to bury herself into the ground. 
That way, she could redeem herself of the unforgivable sin before looking for him in the afterlife. 
“Sabrina? Sabrina Hayes?” 
Silence filled the atmosphere. 
Anxious, Edmund quickly lifted her into his arms, only to find that she had passed out. 
Back in the country, at Oceanic Estate. 
After another boring meeting, Sebastian came home to see Karl in his study. 
“Mr. Hayes, we’ve brought back the casino people. However, we’ve received more news from Bellridge while we were on our way back. Ms. Sabrina nearly ran off again.” 
“What did you just say?” 
Sebastian, who was tired from brushing off countless people in the meeting earlier, stomped his foot in fury when he heard Karl’s words.
“How long is she trying to drag this on? Is she seriously still running away?” 
“No, I think she has come to her senses, but she then tried to avenge Mr. Devin. However, you need not worry because Edmund has already brought her back. So, should we pick her up?” Karl worriedly asked. 
Indeed, the best and safest option was to pick her up. 
Sebastian easily agreed to it, and Karl soon made himself scarce to work on it. 
A few minutes later, Mark entered the room. “Mr. Jadeson, are we certain that the Coopers are involved in this Bellridge incident?” 
“Yes,” Sebastian muttered dismissively as he flipped through the few military books he had just brought back from the White House. 
When Mark caught sight of the books, he felt the urge to laugh. “What’s the matter, Mr. Jadeson? Are you really going to start learning about the military? I’d say that there’s no need for you to learn from these books. You should just ask Old Mr. Jadeson—” 
Before he could finish his sentence, Sebastian’s gloomy gaze fixed on him. 
Instantly, Mark zipped his mouth. 
“Where’s Sasha?” 
“Madam has brought the children to Mrs. Croll’s place. Mrs. Croll is the one who had given her the Golden Heights card last time.” 
“The Minister of the Naval Force?” 
A scowl appeared on Sebastian’s face.
###Chapter 1131
Chapter 1131
Indeed, Sasha had brought the children to the Minister of the Naval Force’s house. 
That was not her original plan. 
However, while she was shopping in the mall the other day, she encountered Helma, the one who had given her the card. 
They had a brief chat, and when she saw how witty and adorable Vivian and the twins were, she began persuading Sasha to take them to her place. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, you’re finally here! Quick, come in. Our madam has been waiting for you.” 
Like the others, Helma’s place was a luxurious villa. 
After Sasha led the three children in, the housemaids enthusiastically greeted them and ushered them in. 
It had only been over twenty days, but their demeanors were vastly different now. 
At their passionate invitation, Sasha could only lead the children in. 
Vivian was a straightforward girl. When she realized that the place was not as majestic as Oceanic Estate nor as grand as Frontier Bay in Avenport, she began mumbling, “Mommy, this place is tiny. There’s nothing fun here.” 
On the other hand, Ian, as usual, did not speak much. 
When Matteo heard his sister’s grumble, he let go of his mother and went toward his sister instead. 
“Be a good girl. We’re not here to play. We’re here to help Mommy get more information about the military.”
“Really?” 
Vivian widened her eyes upon hearing her brother’s words. 
On the other hand, Sasha was so shocked that she hastily covered her son’s mouth. 
“Don’t be silly. This lady invited you here to play with her grandchild, okay?” 
“Okay, Mommy.” 
The three children were quick to answer obediently. 
Then, the four of them finally entered the living room of the villa to meet the people inside the house. 
Oh my goodness! 
There are so many people! 
That was what the children thought the moment they stepped into the living room. 
Even Sasha was taken aback. 
“Mrs. Croll, this is…” 
“Hello, Sasha. Let me introduce you to them. The few of us often have gatherings. She here is the wife of the police chief. She’s the wife of the Minister of Transportation. These two here are the wives of officers in the Air Force in the army. When they heard that I’ve invited you and the kids, they were overjoyed and had brought their kids here too.” 
When Helma spotted Sasha, she stood up and beamed at her. 
Sasha was speechless for a moment.
Aren’t they all related to the army? 
This gathering is more like a gathering of the House’s family members. 
However, she quickly recollected herself and smiled back. “I see. I’m honored to meet you all. These are my children. My apologies to have brought them all here today.” 
She then pushed the children in. 
Indeed, they were triplets. 
When the women who were dressed to their nines saw the triplets Sasha pushed in, jealousy and envy washed over them. 
Yariel is so d*mn lucky! 
Not only did he become the House Speaker, but he even has triplets! 
However… 
“Mrs. Jadeson, how old are they?” 
“They’re eight,” Sasha politely answered with a smile. 
The moment her answer left her lips, the wife of the Minister of Transportation beamed. “Eight? That’s fantastic. My son’s ten. They can play together.” 
“Mine too. My two daughters are twelve, and they’re now in the garden with their violins.” 
“Mine’s a little younger, but she’s already Grade 6 in piano.”
In mere seconds, the women were fighting against themselves to invite the triplets to play with their children. 
Sasha did not know how to respond to them. 
“All right. Let’s go to the garden to play. Come on, let’s go. Let’s go to the garden to play.” 
“Okay, Vivi’s going too, right? We won’t stay here and disturb the adults talking.” 
Before Sasha could gather her wits to say anything, the children had quickly said that they would be leaving the adults alone with a bright smile on their faces. Even Vivian, the slowest to react among the triplets, agreed with her brother. 
Sasha panicked, but a small hand soon grabbed her palm. 
She lowered her head to look at her child. 
“Don’t worry, Mommy,” said Ian, his voice soft and quiet as he looked up at her. 
He really looks a lot like his father. 
Nevertheless, his reassurance worked, for Sasha felt her heart climbing down her throat back into her chest. 
Right. These children are smarter than the average kids. I don’t need to worry that they’ll be bullied. 
Finally, Sasha let them go. 
Once the children were gone, the living room became much quieter. Helma then instructed the housemaid to serve the drinks.
“Mrs. Jadeson, where is your hometown? I think there’s a mistake with the buttons of the baniere you’re wearing.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha froze when she heard the question from the wife of the Chief of Air Force, Dorthea Justly. 
There’s a mistake with the dress’ button? 
Sasha then lowered her head to look at the baniere—the dress she was wearing—that Sebastian had just ordered for her.
###Chapter 1132
Chapter 1132
“I have to tell you this, Mrs. Jadeson. This kind of traditional one-piece dress—baniere—is from Jazona. My hometown, Saspiuburg, especially, has a century-long history with baniere,” Dorthea rambled on as she took off her mink coat with faked casualness. 
Sasha quietly watched her. 
“Wow, Mrs. Oveson, you’re wearing baniere as well? Where did you buy this? It’s so pretty!” 
“Hear, hear. Mrs. Oveson, the baniere you have on must be an haute couture baniere, right?” 
Dramatic gasps and praises rang out in the room. Before Sasha could say anything, the other women had begun showering her with praises. 
There are haute couture banieres? 
Sasha then let her confused eyes flicker between Dorthea’s dress and hers. 
She remembered that the accessories on her baniere were more traditional, for Sebastian had hired old tailors to make this dress by hand. 
Yet, the moment Dorthea revealed her baniere, the other women began praising her in all kinds of ways possible. 
On the other hand, all they had were looks of disdain and mockery for the baniere Sasha had on. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Thus, she ignored them. Right as she was about to head outside, the wife of the Minister of Transportation came to her.
“Mrs. Jadeson, it seems like Mrs. Oveson is quite an expert with banieres. Why don’t you ask her to teach you a thing or two about how the buttons of the baniere should be?” 
“That’s right. Mrs. Jadeson, you have a different identity now. It’s fine that you’ve made this laughable mistake in front of us, but you have no idea how disastrous things would be if you were to wear this to a gathering at the White House!” 
“What?” 
Sasha blinked at the woman who was about to undo her buttons, completely confounded. 
Me? Making a laughable mistake? 
Which part of me makes them think that I’m trying to make them laugh? 
Finally, Sasha had run out of patience, and the look on her face darkened. 
“No thank you. Although I don’t know much about banieres, I’m sure my husband does.” 
“Your husband?” 
“That’s right. Most of the banieres at Jazona are manufactured by his company, and he has several stores catering to the foreign ambassadors. Moreover, the tailors he hires are old tailors who come from families who have been making banieres for generations. The baniere I have on me comes from the hands of the oldest tailor. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with it,” Sasha responded. 
Once those words were out in the air, the room fell silent. 
Indeed, they had all forgotten who she originally was. While she was currently powerless as the wife of the House Speaker, she used to be the wife of the empire’s president. 
On the other hand, if not for their husbands, those ladies would be completely powerless and poor.
Sasha did not care that the women were all blushing in embarrassment. She added, “Of course, if you still have doubts about my words, I can always have my husband send a few of these dresses over.” 
“A few?” 
“Yes. My husband has said that the aesthetics of a baniere is dependent on its fabric. For example, the one I’m wearing is made with kossu. Do you know this?” 
Once again, they gasped. 
In fact, Dorthea’s face had turned colorless. 
How could one not know of Kossu? 
It was the most expensive and rarest item in silk tapestry. Every inch of the fabric would be of an exorbitant price. No ordinary person would be able to afford it. 
Even wealthy women like them might not be able to afford a small piece of kossu. 
Yet, what Sasha was wearing was an entire baniere made with kossu. 
No one dared to make a single sound after that as they stared at the baniere Sasha was wearing with jealous, furious eyes. 
Despite all of the negative feelings swirling in them, they dared not utter another word in fear of embarrassing themselves again. 
Outside in the garden, the three children were playing with the other children. 
“What’s your name?”
“I’m Vivi! Wow, you play the violin very well. What song is this?” 
Vivian was a child who sought constant entertainment. 
Upon reaching the garden and seeing the two pretty girls playing violin, she quickly let go of her brothers and ran toward them. 
Those two girls were the daughters of the Chief of Air Force, Axel Oveson. 
When they saw a random girl running toward them, they paused in their playing, annoyed. 
“It’s not like you’ll know what it is even after I tell you the name.” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian immediately widened her eyes in bewilderment, feeling a little upset. 
How would I know if you refuse to say anything? I’ve heard of many songs, and Ian can play the piano. Moreover, he’s really good at it. I always sit by his side and listen whenever he plays the piano. 
However, Vivian could only pout before leaving to look for her brother. 
“Come back. You’re the girl of the Jadesons, aren’t you?” the two girls abruptly called out.
###Chapter 1133
Chapter 1133
Vivian’s eyes lit up when she heard them. 
“That’s right, that’s right. But my family name’s Hayes, not Jadeson,” she corrected. 
Nevertheless, the two girls ignored that. 
When they heard that she was the Jadeson girl that her parents were furious at home about, hatred flashed in their eyes, and they began formulating a malicious plan. 
“Are you here to play with us?” 
“Yes, yes. Let’s play hide-and-seek together! It’s really fun.” 
Vivian was a naive girl, so she was delighted when she heard that the two other girls were interested in playing with her. 
Unlike the last time, the girls did not utter anything mean anymore. 
However, one of them said, “Sure. As long as you learn how to play the violin, we’ll play with you.” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian’s big eyes stared at the two girls in confusion. 
They want me to play the violin? 
But I don’t know how to play the violin. 
Mommy sent me to violin and dance classes, but I didn’t learn much of anything. I don’t have a single musical cell in me. All I know is eating and combing the hair of my doll. 
I don’t know anything!
With that thought in mind, a stumped look appeared on Vivian’s face. 
Unfortunately, one of the two girls quickly put the violin in her hands. 
“Come. You don’t need to play a whole piece; you just need to play a few notes, that’s all. I’ll teach you,” said one of the girls as she lifted her violin. 
Oh, that’s simple. 
Hence, Vivian finally agreed to it. 
Her plump, small hands took the violin from them as she began observing the girl carefully to learn from her. 
Do. 
Do. 
Vivian’s note was accurate. 
Although music performance was not something she enjoyed learning, Sasha had forced her to learn some basic parts when she was teaching Matteo and Ian. 
Therefore, she could play a few basic notes. 
When the girls heard the perfect note, they paled. 
How could she possibly know how to play this? 
Why did she lie to us then? Why did she tell us she can’t play the violin? Is she here to embarrass us? 
The girls became even more furious as the one with the violin swiftly played a complex chord.
Vivian froze. 
This isn’t a note, is it? 
“Miss, this…” 
“What’s the matter? Can you not play it? This is simple. If you can’t play this, we won’t play with you. In fact, we’ll also tell the other kids that you don’t know how to do anything.” 
Vivian inhaled sharply as her eyes widened into saucers. 
How can she be so mean? How can she tell the other kids that I don’t know how to do anything. Won’t Mommy be embarrassed if that happens? 
At that moment, anger emerged in Vivian’s chest, and her eyes turned red. 
“Fine. I’ll play it. I can do it,” she huffed out. 
Then, after adjusting her posture, she pulled the bow. 
Squeak! 
To her surprise, it was an ugly sound. 
“Hahaha!” The moment the girls heard it, they laughed until they were leaning back. They nearly rushed into the house to tell their mother how stupid the Jadeson girl was. 
Some people were evil by nature. 
By then, Vivian’s eyes were brimming with tears, and she could not stop the frown from growing on her face.
No, I can’t let them tell Mommy that I’m too dumb to play this. 
I can’t embarrass Mommy here. 
Sniffling, Vivian then adjusted her posture and tried pulling the bow again. 
Squeak! 
Squack! 
Squee! 
La—Fa—So— 
Vivian tried playing the notes again and again despite the two girls’ continuous laughter. Finally, she successfully played the chord. 
Instantly, the girls’ expressions darkened. 
This stupid fool managed to play it? 
The two of them were overwhelmed by anger, and just as they were about to suggest more challenging things to stump her, Vivian returned their violin to them. 
“I’m not going to play the violin anymore. Have fun playing. I won’t play with the two of you.” 
Vivian’s eyes were bloodshot, but when she gave them back the violin, she made sure to be polite. 
After handing them the violin, she turned and fled. 
The two girls scoffed. “At least she’s smart enough to leave.”
The two of them then began playing their violin again. 
Meanwhile, after Vivian ran off, she went to look for her brothers as she kept her hands close to her chest. 
Finally, she found Ian. 
“Ian!” 
The very second she saw him, she could not hold back her tears anymore as she began wailing. 
Ian had been staring at an older boy playing his Rubik’s Cube when his sister abruptly appeared and began crying in his arms. Instantly, he scowled. 
“What’s the matter? Did anyone bully you?” 
Like his father, the moment a scowl appeared on his face, the temperature around him dropped. 
As Vivian wiped her snot, she showed her hand to her brother. “It’s bleeding!”
###Chapter 1134
Chapter 1134
Her small face was a mess of tears, and snot was bubbling out of her nose. It was a heartbreaking scene. 
Ian’s beautiful eyes narrowed. 
Staring at her chubby finger, he spotted a red wound there, and his expression promptly darkened. 
“Who did this to you?” he demanded, tugging off his bowtie to wrap it around her finger. 
Vivian fell silent. 
I’ve never seen Ian so mad! She recoiled in fear. 
“Ian—” 
“Did the violinists do that to you? This is caused by the violin strings. Am I right?” 
Ian was smart enough to deduce that after glancing at his sister’s wound. 
Before the girls could brag about that incident to their mother, the air suddenly turned still. 
Coming to a stop, they spotted the girl who they scared away earlier. 
A young boy about her age with chiseled features tugged her over to them. 
“Did you both hurt my sister?” he demanded icily. 
Hearing his words, the girls immediately broke into mocking giggles. “Oh, so you ran off because you got hurt. I was wondering why you didn’t continue earlier!” 
Their words caused Vivian to duck behind Ian fearfully as tears welled up in her adorable eyes.
The last hint of warmth disappeared from Ian’s eyes. 
“Continue with what?” 
“Oh, nothing. When she asked to play with us, we told her we’d play with her if she could play our violin. She couldn’t even play the violin but insisted on doing so and ended up cutting her finger!” They burst into loud giggles after explaining what had happened. 
Mortified tears rolled down Vivian’s fluffy cheeks. 
“Oh, I see. Why don’t we compete, too? I shall play a piece. If you can learn it, I’ll give you this,” an icy voice suggested. 
Ian had a smartwatch on his outstretch palm. 
“Wow, isn’t that a Qubbly watch? It’s a popular brand overseas. Only a few of us managed to get it in the country.” 
“Yes, you’re right!” 
Both girls gazed at the watch greedily. 
Indeed, the watch was an expensive one. 
Thus, they agreed without hesitation. “Sure. What are you going to play?” 
Ian cast them a frigid glare. “You don’t have to know. Just play it after I do. But I have a condition—if you fail to play it, you need to receive a punishment!” 
“What punishment?” 
“Get hurt the same way she did!” Ian declared icily.
Is he a fool? 
The girls shared glances after hearing his ridiculous request. 
Vivian hurt herself after insisting on pressing the strings with her tiny fingers, but they were experienced violinists. 
They couldn’t believe he’d make that request, let alone think they’d lose the bet. Is he that good? Can he even play the violin? 
They paid no heed to his words. 
After they gave him a violin, Ian placed it on his shoulder and started playing a piece. 
Re mi so mi re mi so… 
It was a song that stunned all listeners! 
He started off with a lively and exciting melody that soon ascended into a birdlike croon. His fingers flew deftly across the strings to create a melodious song that attracted the attention of practically everyone in the garden, including the two girls. 
Oh, he can play the violin well! He’s really good at it! 
They froze in shock. Ian glared at them in the middle of his piece and followed up with a tricky and demanding chord. 
He’s terrifyingly good! Not even our teacher can do that! 
The color drained from their little faces within seconds, stunned by the turn of events.
Two minutes later, Ian finished playing the last note and placed the violin down, casting a petrifying look in their direction. 
“Play it now!” 
Alas, they clearly weren’t capable enough to play the challenging piece. 
Their bodies trembled as they turned to make their leave. 
Ian was at a loss for words at their cowardly antics. 
“Wait, why are you leaving already? You haven’t received your punishment yet!” Another tiny figure arrived. 
The girls stopped in their tracks when they realized a young boy who resembled the genius violinist was stopping them from leaving. 
“Matt!” Vivian called out while clapping her hands in excitement. 
Matteo’s eyes crinkled into a boyish smile. “Be patient. I’ll take revenge for you now!” 
“Okay!” Vivian chirped in a happy manner. 
Matteo grabbed the girls’ hands before they realized what was going on. 
This time, the violin strings had indeed emanated a horrendous sound as the girls let out ear-splitting screams at the same time.
###Chapter 1135
Chapter 1135
When Sasha saw the girls running into the living room, she nearly spilled her drink in shock. 
Oh, dear. What happened? Why is there blood all over their hands? 
“Mommy, I have a broken finger!” One girl burst into noisy tears. 
“Look! Mine, too!” 
As their wails resonated in the living room, the women bristled and rose to their feet. 
“Broken? What happened? How did you break your finger?” Dorthea jolted up in a mixture of horror and shock before running to her daughters. 
Everyone else couldn’t hide the surprise on their faces as well. 
One of the girls complained, “The Jadeson twins cut our fingers.” 
“Yes, he pressed our fingers and slashed them across the violin strings. Mommy, it hurts. We can’t play the violin anymore, right?” another whimpered sadly. 
The guests turned livid when the girls revealed what had happened. 
How can an eight-year-old boy do such a vicious act? They are violinists. Now that their fingers are crushed, their efforts over the years will be wasted! 
Dorthea dashed over to Sasha. “Mrs. Jadeson, I demand an explanation!” 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
Having no idea what was going on, her heart skipped a beat in panic.
“Mrs. Oveson, calm down. We don’t know what happened back there. The most important thing now is to treat their injuries and stop the bleeding. Once they’re safe, we can question my children to find out what happened. Is that all right?” she suggested in a careful manner. 
Dorthea spat in disgust. “Are you trying to shirk your responsibility? Dream on! Even if you’re the House Speaker’s wife, you need to provide an explanation. Otherwise, I won’t let you leave this villa!” 
She then ordered the guards to get the kids from the garden. 
The mistress of the house, Helma Bjerre, made no move to stop her. 
Sasha blanched. She stood up, about to go to the kids, when the three of them ran into the living room. 
“Mommy, someone cut Vivi’s finger and bullied Ian. Mommy, are we here as guests? Why did everyone bully us? Let’s ask Daddy to bring us home!” Matteo pouted and complained angrily when he spotted Sasha. 
His mother was stunned. “Matt? Are you telling the truth?” she asked, concerned. 
Matteo raised his sister’s hand. “Yes, Vivi wanted to play with them, but they forced her to play the violin. When she couldn’t play it, they cut her finger instead.” 
Silence ensued. 
“There was a boy who forced Ian to play his Rubik’s Cube. Ian ignored him and got insulted in return. If I hadn’t arrived in time, he would’ve beaten Ian up!” Matteo declared in a heated manner. 
Being the most eloquent speaker among the three of them, he swiftly pushed the blame onto someone else and made them the victims. 
They had been discriminated against and attacked back in the garden.
Dorthea was seething in a fury. “Nonsense! You cut my daughters’ fingers! How dare you lie and claim they harmed your sister?” she demanded. 
Matteo raised his head and retorted smugly, “If you don’t believe me, check the surveillance tapes in the garden.” 
A hush descended over the living room. 
Yes, he’s right! There must be surveillance cameras in a representative’s house. 
Finally, Sasha calmed down and shot Helma an icy glare. 
The latter had no words. 
She thought she could enjoy the show without doing anything but had to relent under the cold gaze and summon her men to retrieve the surveillance tapes. 
When the tape was played, everyone saw with their own eyes how the two girls forced Vivian to play the violin. 
After Vivian hurt her finger, she went to her brother for help. 
How did the girls cut their fingers, then? 
The surveillance tapes showed Ian demanding an explanation from them. After they lost the bet, they tried to harm Ian and ended up cutting their fingers in the fight. 
“No! Mom, the surveillance tapes had been altered! We didn’t cut our fingers in the fight. He was the one who scraped our fingers across the violin strings!” both girls shrieked.
###Chapter 1136
Chapter 1136
Alas, no one believed their words. 
After all, none of them would assume that an eight-year-old boy had tampered with the surveillance tapes. 
In the end, Helma had to apologize to Sasha before the latter left with the kids in tow. 
“I’m really sorry, Sasha. I thought you could have a good time with the kids here. I had no idea this would happen. Please accept my apologies,” she said, sincerity ringing in her voice. 
“It’s fine. The kids are just fooling around,” Sasha assured her calmly. 
There wasn’t a need for her to get mad, after all. 
After meeting those officials’ wives and seeing for herself how they questioned and provoked her, it was clear that this wasn’t a normal gathering. 
Instead, this was a trap. 
All in all, she should have no cause to feel conflicted. 
As Sasha drove back to Oceanic Estate, she asked, “Matteo, be honest with me. How did the girls cut their fingers?” 
“Well…” 
The smug kids immediately scrunched up their faces at her question. 
“Mommy, you know what happened?” 
“I want to know the reason.” Sasha glanced in the rearview mirror, her tone stern.
Matteo’s head drooped over his shoulders, indicating he was upset. 
Yes, he and Ian had tampered with the surveillance tapes. But we did that to protect Vivi and Mommy! 
Glumly, Matteo explained everything in detail. Once he finished, he looked up and said, “Mommy, I don’t think I did anything wrong. The girls bullied Vivi on purpose. Can’t I avenge Vivi?” 
“Mm!” Ian indicated that he was on the same side as Matteo. 
Sasha fell silent, as she didn’t know how to discipline her sons. 
They were right to defend their sister, but their actions were too vicious for their age. 
If the girls’ fingers were broken for real, their daddy would have a hard time handling those representatives in the White House. 
She brought them back home without further delay. 
That night, Sebastian found out about the incident and summoned Ian. 
“Tell me why you didn’t stop your brother today,” he stated sternly. 
The eight-year-old boy had never seen his dad this stern. He froze as his mind blanked out. 
Sebastian’s tone softened. “There are plenty of ways to defend your sister, but resorting to violence is the most foolish way to do it. If I were you, I’d let someone else do the deed for me!” 
Ian’s eyes widened. After a brief pause, he asked, “How do I do that?” 
Calmly, Sebastian whipped something out and tossed it to his son.
“Didn’t you take this there? Since you caught everything on tape, you should’ve edited it and released it to the public. Someone will definitely take action and avenge your sister,” he explained patiently. 
Ian stood stock still, his mouth agape. 
Sasha had been eavesdropping outside all the while and couldn’t stop herself from stomping her feet in anger at her husband’s words. 
That b*stard! How can he teach his son to do that? Doesn’t he know how capable they are now? I can’t believe he’s teaching them a more vicious way to do that. They are only eight-year-olds! 
She nearly lost her mind. 
Back in the room, Ian digested his father’s words briefly before nodding in approval. 
“I might consider that the next time.” 
Satisfied, Sebastian asked the second question, “Why did you bring this there?” 
His son answered, “You want to know what those people are doing, right?” 
“I didn’t say that.” 
“Isn’t that man your subordinate?” 
Silence ensued. 
This time, Sebastian was at a loss for words. 
Like father, like son, indeed.
Sasha held back the urge to push the door open, for she realized their conversation made no sense to her. 
Bring what? Did those children bring something there without my knowledge? 
About a minute later, the man caved in. “Besides that, what else did it capture?” 
“Nothing important to you. The ladies were showing off themselves like fools.” 
“Well…” 
“Don’t worry. Matt and I have installed all the tapping devices we brought there. The ladies went back to their respective houses, so you can find out what you want to know,” the little boy revealed. 
He then offered his tablet to his father. 
After a shocked silence, Sebastian started choking on his drink. 
Indeed, my son is capable!
###Chapter 1137
Chapter 1137
The night was silent in the Croll residence. 
Both husband and wife were arguing over what happened earlier in their house. 
“How could you do that? Though the House representatives look down on Yariel, Silas had appointed him to be the House Speaker. How dare you invite his wife and kids to our house before causing such a big commotion? Do you want your husband to get fired?” The Minister of the Naval Force, Desmond Croll, flew into a fit of rage after learning the truth. 
Helma panicked at once. “No, I was just… I wanted to teach his wife a lesson after he took that position away from you. But—” 
“Teach her a lesson? Did you manage to do that?” 
“No,” Helma replied guiltily and hung her head low. “But this time, I manage to pull two Air Force officials’ wives and a few other House representatives’ families to our side. After what happened today, they will definitely remember that woman.” 
“Really?” Desmond perked up. 
“Yes. Think about it. Axel’s daughters got their fingers cut. They will definitely blame this on the Jadeson children. You’ll have someone to back you up, right?” she suddenly suggested, her voice menacingly cold. 
That was her ultimate goal of organizing the gathering today. 
The Croll family had been vying for the House Speaker position for years. However, after Jonathan resigned, Devin took over that position. 
Now that the chance had arrived, they wouldn’t let it slip away.
Hence, when that useless Yariel Jadeson was elected to be the House Speaker by force, they got prepared to usurp the position. 
First, they had to make sure all the House representatives were on their side. 
Finally, Desmond relented and nodded. “Fine. Keep in touch with them. Anyway, you can invite two of them to Golden Heights. Pick those who can be of help. I’m sure they’ll be grateful for that.” 
“Yes. Those officials’ wives can’t enter Golden Heights even if they want to,” Helma responded with a smirk. 
At the same time, her words rang out of Ian’s tablet in Oceanic Estate. 
Golden Heights again? 
Sebastian raised his head and furrowed his brows. 
“What is Golden Heights all about? Why do the women sound like druggies who can’t wait to get more?” 
Druggies? What a strange metaphor. 
Mark flashed an awkward smile. “Mr. Jadeson must’ve misunderstood. Golden Heights isn’t a place; it’s a circle.” 
“Circle?” Sebastian repeated curiously. 
“Yes. It was established by the Limmer family,” came the answer. 
“The Limmer family?” The man in the study seemed stunned to hear Mark’s answer.
The country’s first president was a Limmer. After democratic elections were held, they slowly retreated from the limelight. It was rare to hear of them now. 
Why did Golden Heights appear all of a sudden? 
Sebastian scrunched up his brows. “You mean the Limmers are behind this Golden Heights, too?” 
“No, there are no Limmers in Golden Heights. The officials’ wives desperately wanted to join the circle, for it would mean an ascension of their statuses. Only a selected few would get to enter Golden Heights,” Mark explained, emphasizing his last point. 
Sebastian arched a brow. He finally understood what Mark was getting at. 
Golden Heights was where the cream of the crop in Jadeborough gathered. Though they were ladies, it was clear that they were avoiding the White House and gathering in another spot with this excuse. 
That was a horrible thing to find out! 
The rich and powerful were in contact secretly. They could usurp the Jadesons and even the White House swiftly if they wanted to! 
Sebastian’s palms were wet with sweat. 
Before he could say anything, a text arrived on his phone. 
Karl: Mr. Hayes, Edmund has been abducted in Bellridge. It might be related to the casino. 
Sebastian: … 
Benedict received news about Edmund’s abduction, too.
He immediately yelled without thinking, “Are you out of your mind? Why did they abduct him? Didn’t you tell them we’re on the same side?” 
Clearly, he was too shocked and angry to think twice. 
His subordinate who called him sounded helpless, too. “Yes, we’ve said that, but they refused to listen and claimed that Mr. Edmund killed the owner of Diega Casino. As a lot of people went missing after the fire, they assumed Mr. Edmund was a spy and took him away.”
###Chapter 1138
Chapter 1138
“Nonsense!” Benedict barked. 
Alas, he couldn’t really do anything about it. 
In the end, he made a call and booked a flight to Zarain with one thought in mind—to save his son. 
There was no way Edmund could be the spy. 
He didn’t even know when exactly his father hooked up with those people! 
Thud! 
Another punch landed on his belly. The man tied to the chair trembled and lowered his head in anguish. 
“You’d better spill, or else you’ll die in this basement,” the attacker warned. 
Curling into a ball, Edmund couldn’t utter a word for some time until the pain subsided. 
He finally looked up, his face damp with cold sweat. 
“I said, I don’t know who you are. I’m not a spy!” he answered weakly. 
“You don’t know us?” The man chuckled icily before tossing a stack of photos in front of him. 
Edmund’s gaze landed on the photos. His eyes turned saucers when he realized who the person in the pictures was. 
“What? My dad—” 
“You don’t know? Ha! Your dad has taken a lot of money from us. By the way, we helped him get to his current position, too!” the man reminded with a sinister smile.
Edmund’s already pale face somehow turned paler at his words. 
“No, impossible. My dad isn’t like that. He’s a key official! There’s no way he’ll do something like this. You must be spouting nonsense and lying to me!” he declared, on the verge of losing control. 
The mocking smile on the man’s lips widened as he gave Edmund a pitiful gaze. 
“Oh, do you seriously think that a fool like your dad achieved success through his own means? How na?ve of you,” he hissed in a nasty manner. 
Edmund bit his cheek so hard it was starting to bleed. 
Soon, another man came in and saw his reaction. Inching nearer to his accomplice, who had just beaten Edmund up, he whispered, “He doesn’t look like he knows his dad is on our side.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“Benedict has been uncooperative on various occasions, especially now that he’s the Senate Speaker. Why don’t we keep his son here?” 
A sinister gaze landed on Edmund, and he instinctively recoiled in fear. 
His struggles were futile, for the men strode over to grab his collar. 
“Mmph…” 
“You don’t know about your dad and us, right? Let’s go. We shall find out how he’ll react after finding out what we did to you!” They guffawed and dragged him out roughly. 
In a hotel in Bellridge.
It took two whole days for Sabrina to realize that the annoying man who refused to leave her side had disappeared into thin air. 
Where is he? 
She was in a daze. 
In fact, she had been in a daze after being rescued from the forest and regaining consciousness. 
Though she wasn’t in a trance, it seemed like she had lost all interest in life. For the past two days, she was either asleep or sitting still in a spot. 
It was as though one was watching a withering flower that was about to die soon. 
Until one day, Edmund’s subordinate rushed into her room. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, bad news. Mr. Edmund is in trouble. I need to find help to rescue him and can’t stay with you. Why don’t I book a flight ticket for you so you can return to the Jadeson residence?” he asked anxiously. 
An eternity seemingly passed before Sabrina’s gaze moved from the sight outside the window to the man. 
“What?” Her voice sounded raspy, for she hadn’t spoken for a while. 
The man bristled angrily. “I said, Mr. Edmund is in trouble! I’ll ask someone to give you a ride to the airport later.” 
As soon as his words fell, he was about to leave. 
However, before he could do so, she pulled the blanket away from her body and rose to her feet.
“Ms. Sabrina?” 
He didn’t receive a reply. 
The woman came to a stop before him and stood, rooted to the spot. 
As she seemed lifeless, brainless even, he had no idea what she was getting at. 
When he stepped out, he realized she had come after him. 
“Ms. Sabrina, are you coming with me to save Mr. Edmund?” 
“Where is he?” she finally asked. 
Her voice was cold, and she didn’t bother with the formalities.
###Chapter 1139
Chapter 1139
In the end, the man brought Sabrina along with him, for the Coopers didn’t even know where Edmund was. 
The thugs at the casino were criminals and had significant influence there. No one knew where they would take Edmund. 
After bringing Sabrina to the street where Edmund was abducted, the man whipped out his phone to find out if there were any updates. 
“Do you know where the casino is?” Suddenly, the woman standing beside him parted her lips and posed that question to him. 
The man turned at his shoulder and replied impatiently, “Isn’t that—” 
Before he could finish, a beggar next to him interjected, “Yes, I do.” 
Sabrina pulled out a stack of cash and tossed it to him. “Tell me where their hideout is,” she demanded coolly. 
Both the man and the beggar fell silent. 
It took the beggar a while to regain his composure and gather the bills in delight. 
“I shall find out now. Wait for me!” He then scrambled to his feet and dashed off. 
The man’s jaw hung wide in surprise. 
The beggar obviously won’t come back! 
He had never seen such an arrogant and foolish decision.
However, around ten minutes later, the beggar returned, much to his surprise. 
“I’m sorry, miss. I’ve asked around but didn’t find out what you want to know.” 
“Why?” 
“I’m a newcomer who doesn’t know many people here. If you wish to know, you might need to ask someone who has been around here for a long time,” the beggar revealed honestly. 
The man decided to dismiss the beggar and come out with another plan. 
Is she joking? After Mr. Edmund was abducted, we’ve exhausted all means but still failed to find where he was. Can a measly beggar tell us where the thugs are? 
“All right. Tell them I shall reward anyone who has information I need with five hundred grand!” After making that announcement, she grabbed a few stacks of bills from her pocket and flung them to the ground. 
The beggar swiftly gathered the bills and dashed away excitedly. 
The man from the Coopers was utterly dumbfounded upon seeing that. 
When the beggar disappeared from sight, he found his voice and inquired, “Ms. Sabrina, does this work?” 
Sabrina pinned him with a withering look. “Why not? Money makes the world go round. Haven’t you heard of that?” 
The man fell silent. 
Yes, I’ve heard of that. But that’s not the point. How did she know the beggar would return? I can’t believe she offered five hundred grand as a reward. Is she that rich?
No wonder he was shocked, for this was the first time he saw someone more extravagant than Edmund. 
He couldn’t quite believe his eyes. 
Sabrina might be a Hayes, but she was also famous in the underworld. 
Back when Frederick brought Sebastian back from Sumanthova and left the company to the latter, she got really upset and changed her attitude completely. After a scum cheated on her, she let herself loose completely. 
She used to stay out all night to frequent casinos, nightclubs, and black markets. 
Frederick nearly had a stroke from her actions. 
Later, Sebastian exiled her, and she had to spend six months on that island. To survive, she was forced to deal with those people and learned to be as boorish as them. 
Thus, Sabrina knew them inside out. 
Indeed, the beggar’s return was twice as fast, and he had a few experienced beggars at his heel. 
“Miss, here you go. They have the information you need,” he reported. 
“Okay,” Sabrina replied with a nod. 
She glanced at the beggars silently. 
They promptly spoke up. “They are hiding in that apartment. I can bring you there.”
“Miss, are you looking for that young man they abducted two days ago? I saw that. If you’re going to save him, do you need me to seek help?” 
“I can help, too. Do you need weapons?” 
The subordinate from the Cooper family’s jaw dropped at their words. 
Now, he finally realized why Edmund adored her, though she was difficult and testy. 
In the end, Sabrina got a car and the latest pistol, while that subordinate led a dozen beggars to sneak into the thugs’ hideout. 
He couldn’t quite believe he was doing this.
###Chapter 1140
Chapter 1140
They arrived at the apartment shortly after. 
To their utter surprise, a familiar figure was already waiting there. 
“Isn’t that Mr. Edmund?” the man shrieked in excitement. He got out of the car and ran toward Edmund swiftly. 
Sabrina spotted him behind the wheel of her bike and hit the brakes. At once, the engine stopped roaring. 
The man was indeed Edmund in the flesh. 
However, he was in a terrible state. Besides his swollen face, he was trudging forward with one hand on his stomach, and his body bent slightly. 
Did they beat him up? 
Sabrina narrowed her eyes. 
Edmund had spotted them as well. “W-Why are you here?” he asked weakly after coming to a stop. 
He focused his swollen eyes on the woman on the bike as something glinted across his gaze. 
His subordinate immediately supported him. “We’re here to save you, Mr. Edmund. You’ve been missing for two days. Mr. Cooper is back in Jadeborough and couldn’t make it here. I was so worried!” 
“So you got the beggars to save me?” 
Edmund swept his gaze over the bunch of beggars behind the man.
The latter nodded profusely. “Yes. Don’t look down on these beggars. They were the ones who told us where you are. Mr. Edmund, Ms. Sabrina is indeed amazing. I didn’t even think of this.” 
Edmund didn’t bother to answer to his subordinate. 
He glanced at the woman on the bike, biting back the pain flaring through his body. 
To his surprise, she was clad in a hotel robe and slippers. If she wasn’t staring at him without a word and he could feel the icy vibe emanating from her, he would’ve thought she was an innocent little wallflower. 
However, she wasn’t. He knew that she was a rose, one with pricks at that. 
“Did they beat you up?” Sabrina questioned. 
“Mm,” came his curt reply. 
“Do you want me to kill them?” 
Indeed, when Edmund trudged over to her, blinded with pain, the first thing she asked was whether he wanted them dead. 
He stopped in his tracks, speechless. 
A few seconds later, he pressed one palm to his chest and glanced at her, appearing to be in misery. 
“No. my dad is here. He’ll handle it. Can you bring me to the hospital?” He shot her a wretched look. 
At once, a trace of reluctance and displeasure appeared in Sabrina’s eyes. 
She begrudgingly nodded. After all, he couldn’t even stand on his legs, and there didn’t seem to be any cabs available in the vicinity.
Without further delay, Edmund climbed onto her bike. 
“Mr. Edmund, why are you riding her bike? Didn’t we—” 
“Wait for my dad to arrive. He’ll be here soon,” Edmund cut his subordinate short with a brusque order. 
He then flung his arms around the woman’s waist in a natural manner. 
“What are you doing? Let go!” Alas, she slapped his arms away as though he was a plague, her expression furious. 
Edmund pressed his lips together quietly. Fine, I won’t touch you. 
He retracted his hands obediently and sat behind her. 
Sabrina relaxed and started the engine to head to the hospital. 
She wasn’t about to allow any man to touch her, for she was a married woman. There was no way she’d lay her hand on another man. 
Her face was grim, but on the way to the hospital, the man nearly slipped a few times off the bike. It might be from the pain or something else. She had no idea. 
In the end, she had to grab his hands and put them around her waist. 
“Sit tight. You don’t want to fall, do you?” she hissed. 
“Okay…” the man answered in a weak voice. 
Was that a hint of delight in his voice? I must be hearing things!
Sabrina shook her head, trying to ignore the warmth spreading over her back. She floored the accelerator without hesitation. 
Two hours later, they rolled to a stop in front of the hospital. 
“Miss, how are you related to the patient?” 
“What is it? Shoot!” Sabrina demanded impatiently after having to wait for a long time. 
The doctor recoiled in fear and pointed at the CT film hastily. 
“He’s seriously wounded. Look, his ribs are broken, and his lungs are bruised, too. He should stay in the hospital for the time being to recover.” 
“Huh? I have to stay here?” Before she could say anything, Edmund blurted out in surprise, seemingly in a dilemma. 
He was lying in bed when he said that.
###Chapter 1141
Chapter 1141
“Can I fly back home to receive treatment?” Edmund asked. 
Right after he said that, the doctor glared at him angrily. “Are you serious? If you insist on boarding the plane, you’ll die on the way back!” 
Edmund fell silent. 
“All right, he’ll stay. I’ll pay the fees now!” She grabbed the notice from the doctor and left to pay the medical expense for him. 
A few minutes later, Edmund’s subordinate arrived. He noticed that Edmund seemed pleased, though he was lying in bed. No one would’ve known that he had been beaten to a pulp a while ago! 
“Mr. Edmund? Are you okay?” he asked carefully. 
“Mm?” 
Edmund put on a calm look and sat up to look at his subordinate. 
“Have you settled everything?” he questioned tersely. 
“Yes. You told me. Mr. Cooper would be there soon, but he didn’t show up, though I waited for two hours,” the man stated doubtfully. 
Edmund looked away. 
He was back to his usual aloof self. Impatiently, he said, “How would I know? Those men told me he would be there soon when they released me.” 
“Huh?” The subordinate was shocked to learn that. “You mean, they released you?”
“Yes. They said my dad was on the way and agreed to let me join them. I said yes, so they let me go,” Edmund responded, his voice indicating a lack of patience. 
Damn it! His subordinate turned pale. This is terrible! 
He rushed out and called Benedict, who was still on his way here. 
“Hello, Mr. Cooper. Are you here? We’re in trouble!” 
“What is it again?” Benedict, who had just gotten off his plane, roared in anger. 
The man cried, “Mr. Edmund is back, but he just told me he agreed to work for those people.” 
“What?” As expected, Benedict blanched in horror. 
He gripped his smartphone as his chest heaved angrily. 
“Is he a fool? Why did he agree to work for them?” he demanded. 
“Well, Mr. Cooper, those people must’ve tricked him. He told me they claimed you agreed to let him join, so he agreed to it,” the subordinate revealed miserably. 
No one from the Cooper family would agree to work for them. After all, Benedict and their collaboration was top-secret. 
There was no way Benedict would allow any of the Coopers to work for those thugs. 
Now, his own son had been roped in! 
Benedict nearly fainted in rage. He rushed out of the airport and hailed a cab to go to Bellridge at once.
Right now, in Bellridge Hospital, Edmund had no idea how serious the situation was. After his subordinate rushed out to make a phone call and returned with a contorted expression, he found that strange. 
He promptly asked, “Why are you looking like that? Are you upset that I’m still alive?” 
“No, Mr. Edmund. Don’t you know that those men lied to you? Mr. Cooper didn’t agree for you to join them!” the subordinate exclaimed. 
Edmund went silent. 
Shortly after, Sabrina entered with the receipt, and he promptly focused on her. 
“That’s his business, so go talk to him,” he declared rudely. 
What the f*ck? 
The man nearly burst into tears. 
Sabrina had no idea what had happened. She dealt with the admittance procedures and returned to the ward. 
Glancing at him, she said, “I’m going back.” 
“Where?” Edmund asked hastily. 
Frowning, Sabrina revealed, “Back to the hotel. I’m booking a flight back home this afternoon.” 
Edmund stared at the woman, his jaw agape.
This was the first time she mentioned about returning to her country. After her tedious insistence, he felt strange to hear that from her lips. 
Did she finally think it through? 
Edmund stared at her for a long while before his shock turned into a slight smile. 
“That sounds good. You’ve been out and about for some time, so it’s time for you to go home now. You should leave that to your brother and reunite with your kid. Some things are best left to men,” he lamented. 
Sabrina arched her brow at his words. 
In all honesty, she didn’t enjoy hearing that, especially when he claimed, “Some things are best left to men.” 
Is that discrimination against women?
###Chapter 1142
Chapter 1142
After a brief stare at his swollen face, she said nothing and strode out. 
Sabrina walked out of the hospital. 
“Ms. Sabrina, did you inform him?” There was a man waiting for her at the entrance. He came over to her and asked, his voice full of concern. 
Sabrina seemed cranky, but she glanced at him and gave him a curt nod. “What’s next? Did you tell Sebastian about the stuff I discovered in the casino?” 
“Yes. He sent his men here, didn’t he?” Karl assured her with a grin. 
He dared not ruffle her feathers and could only play along with her. Otherwise, she might try something out of the ordinary. 
Luckily, she seemed pleased at his explanation. 
They both left the hospital. 
That night, when Sabrina was on her way to the airport, Benedict arrived in Bellridge. 
After he got off his car, he stood in front of the building, looking at the inpatient department, deep in thought. “Mr. Cooper?” the subordinate called. 
Benedict remained silent as he stared at the ward. 
After a few minutes, he asked, “Was he ever this obedient?” 
“Huh?” The man froze in surprise.
Benedict added, “This is the first time he had ever listened to me in over twenty years. He agreed to work for those people when I said so.” 
Silence ensued. 
Suddenly, the enormity of what had happened fully dawned on the subordinate. 
Yes, Mr. Edmund had never been this obedient! He had always rebelled against his father, even if his life was at stake. 
His eyes widened at the revelation. “Mr. Cooper, we—” 
“Let’s head up,” Benedict declared, though he seemed absolutely gloomy. 
He then stepped into the hospital. 
At the inpatient department, he asked about his son, and the nurse pointed him in the direction of the ward. 
Benedict and the man promptly went that way. 
Bang! 
The loud thump of the door shocked the entire quiet inpatient department. Even the nurses and doctors along the corridor were shocked, let alone the patients in their respective wards. 
“Why? Are you here to kill me after I invited trouble again?” 
Edmund wasn’t asleep yet. 
He was holding his smartphone in his hands as though he were engrossed in his game. When the loud bang reverberated throughout the ward, he looked up and glared at the unwanted visitors icily.
He was back to his usual annoying self. 
Thus, the subordinate wasn’t sure what was going on. 
Benedict was unfazed. He stood at the door and scanned his son carefully before his gaze landed on the arm where Edmund had received an IV drip earlier. 
There was a tiny gauze on the wound. 
“How are you doing?” he asked. 
“What do you mean by that?” Edmund stared at him as though he were a fool. 
Benedict stopped asking questions and whipped out the report next to the bed. “Broken ribs and bruised lungs!” 
Slam! 
He slammed the report back to where it belonged hotly. 
Edmund gave him a cool look and refused to comment further. He looked down and returned to his game. 
An awkward silence settled in the ward. 
The subordinate was wondering if he should break the silence when Benedict suppressed his anger. “I shall demand an explanation from them tomorrow. Stay here while I ask the doctor about Edmund’s condition,” he barked. 
“Yes, Mr. Cooper,” the subordinate responded, pleased that he didn’t have to lighten the situation.
Edmund said nothing throughout their entire exchange. 
After all, it was normal for a father to ask about his son’s condition. 
After Edmund finished a round of the game, a nurse entered with a syringe and solution on a tray. 
“Mr. Cooper, I’m going to hook you to an IV drip,” she told him. 
“Mm,” Edmund replied lazily without looking up. He stretched his dormant arm to the nurse. 
The nurse tied his arm in a smooth action and inserted the sharp end of the needle into his vein. 
A faint smell of solution lingered in the air. 
The liquid flowed down the drip and into the pierced skin. Though it was faint, the man’s nose was sharp enough to detect it. 
“What is this solution?” he inquired. 
“It’s penicillin. Your dad came and told us you aren’t allergic to it, so we changed the solution to penicillin. It works faster than other antibiotics,” the nurse explained gently. 
Hearing that, the man narrowed his gaze and stopped playing the game on his phone.
###Chapter 1143
Chapter 1143
When Sabrina was about to board the plane, she found something odd with the man next to her. 
As soon as Karl picked up a call, he rushed out of the boarding hall as if he had to attend to an emergency. 
When she headed out to search for him since he was away for quite some time, she found out he was occupied with his phone. 
What’s he doing? 
She remained silent and continued observing the suspicious man for a few minutes before returning to the boarding hall. 
When the man returned after another few minutes, Sabrina thought he would show her the way to the plane. 
However, to her surprise, he mentioned, “Ms. Sabrina, I have to return to attend to an emergency! I’ll send someone to escort you! Is that fine?” 
Sabrina had no intention to poke her nose into Karl’s business since he was the person in charge of SteelFort. 
On top of that, he was in charge of matters regarding the Hayeses throughout the years. Thus, she wasn’t particularly against the idea of having someone else escort her. 
However, as soon as the man departed, she thought of something as she was alone in the boarding hall, awaiting the person to escort her to show up. 
Where’s he returning to? Is it Bellridge? What sort of emergency is he talking about? Does it have something to do with Devin?
She felt her heart racing and sprang up from her seat. 
Meanwhile, Karl had long returned to Bellridge when he heard of the news at the airport. 
To ensure he could reach the destination as soon as possible, he had the chopper ready when he was at the boarding hall. 
Unfortunately, things were tough on the end of his subordinates. 
The ones hiding in the dark had been anticipating his arrival. 
Once Karl showed up, they came out of hiding and announced, “Mr. Frost, you’re finally here! We’ve sent someone to lure Benedict away and infiltrate the hospital, but they’re the ones with the upper hand.” 
Karl got increasingly worked up when he heard the news. He asked, “Why has he gotten suspicious out of the blue? Is it because of the freaking penicillin?” 
His subordinate affirmed, “I’m afraid that’s the case! After all, it’s one of the most common antibiotics available in the country! He must have gotten suspicious since Edmund turned him down more than once!” 
“What the hell? Is there a law ruling mandating the usage of penicillin?” 
Another one of those affiliated with SteelFort remarked, “Unfortunately, Benedict’s son had always relied on it whenever something was wrong with him.” 
Unable to resist the urge to throw a tantrum, Karl cursed, “What the hell! Has he or hasn’t he relied on penicillin?”
“Benedict got increasingly suspicious because Edmund turned him down with the excuse of not having a skin prick test conducted beforehand.” 
Karl felt another strong urge to vent his anger because he was certain the dubious Benedict would do everything it would take to get to the bottom of the it. 
Benedict has long gotten suspicious of his so-called son! If Edmund continues turning him down, Benedict is going to get increasingly dubious! In short, we’re the ones with a nasty situation ahead of us! 
To Karl’s surprise, once he marched into the building with his face scrunched up in irritation, he encountered Benedict marching into the office of the attending physician. 
Along with the rest of the members of SteelFort, Karl was at a loss for words. 
Can I just take him out already? 
Meanwhile, Edmund was thrilled since he thought he had successfully stopped Benedict from trying anything silly. 
However, Benedict had no intention to let him off the hook just yet. He instructed the man next to him, “Take care of him when I’m away. I’ll go get the doctor to conduct a skin prick test.” 
He made something up and walked out of the ward shortly after he wrapped up his conversation with the ones in the ward. 
The man remained standing next to Edmund to take care of him as instructed. 
Unable to withstand the awkward silence in the ward, he asked Edmund, “Do you want an apple? I’ve just bought a few fresh apples from the mart!”
Edmund, who was occupied with his phone, had no intention to eat the apple but changed his mind upon a glance. 
He requested, “Can you wash and slice it on my behalf?” 
“Sure!” 
The one with the apple was thrilled. He rushed into the washroom to get the apple ready as Edmund requested. 
By the time he returned, he noticed that Edmund had gotten increasingly excited. Judging by his response and the sound coming from his phone, he thought that Edmund must have started another game. 
Ten minutes later, the doctor asked once he entered the ward with Benedict, “Mr. Cooper, have you requested to conduct a skin prick test?” 
Edmund, who was occupied with his game, raised his head and looked at the doctor in the eyes. 
Irked by the scent of the antiseptic coming from the gloves of the doctor, he turned around and looked elsewhere with a deadpan look. 
The doctor approached him and had everything ready for the test within split seconds. He gathered the sample he needed for the test once he sterilized the area around Edmund’s wrist with an alcohol swab.
###Chapter 1144
Chapter 1144
Benedict couldn’t move his eyes away from the doctor’s pair of hands. It was evident he was afraid he would miss it, just like the time he headed out of the ward to answer the call. 
A skin prick test was all it would take to determine if the young man was allergic to penicillin. 
Silence remained in the ward as everyone held their breath throughout the session. 
Once the doctor was done, he beckoned Edmund to hold on to the cotton bud and reminded him, “It’s going to take twenty minutes until we get our hands on the result. If you feel uncomfortable, send someone to get me as soon as possible.” 
Edmund looked at the doctor in the eyes and took over the cotton bud as instructed. 
On the other hand, the doctor paid no heed to him and marched out of the ward once he gathered the sample he needed. 
Benedict, Edmund, and the one affiliated with the family were the only ones left in the ward. 
Edmund had a mouthful of apple and continued playing his game as if he couldn’t care less of those around him. 
Benedict and the one affiliated with the family were speechless because of the young man’s behavior. 
Twenty minutes was nothing much for an ordinary person. However, it felt as if it was an eternity for the ones in the ward, especially Benedict. 
He couldn’t suppress the urge to pay the doctor another visit and headed out to figure out the progress of the test.
Within five minutes, he returned to the side of his so-called son and removed the cotton bud against his son’s will. 
“Why are you still holding on to this cotton bud?” 
Edmund rolled his eyes and asked in a sarcastic manner, “Are you deaf or something? Haven’t you heard the doctor’s instructions?” 
As a result of his sarcastic remark, Benedict’s lips twitched against his will. The thing irritating him the most was the fact the pricked wound hadn’t reacted to the allergen. 
How is that possible? Why isn’t he reacting to the allergens? 
When the observant Edmund noticed the man’s eyes flickering in despair, he sat upright and asked with a scowl, “What’s wrong? Are you upset I’m doing fine?” 
Benedict was at a loss for words to defend himself. Thus, Edmund added, “Were you the one who sent the nurse to administer penicillin? What? Are you trying to kill me merely because of the troubles I have caused you?” 
Overwhelmed by angst, he cast the apple in the direction of his so-called father without holding back while yelling, “Why don’t you go ahead and kill me?” 
Benedict knew it was time for him to stop pushing his luck. Immediately after he evaded the apple launched in his direction, he leaned over and explained, “What are you talking about? You’re my only son! There’s no way I’m going to kill you!” 
“Stop lying to me! If you’re not going to kill me, what do you think you’re doing? You don’t think I’m a fool, do you?”
As he continued yelling hysterically, he smashed the nightstand with all his might and jumped out of bed. 
“Mr. Edmund, you need to calm down because Mr. Cooper doesn’t mean it—” 
The one affiliated with the family couldn’t even finish his sentence since the young man had rushed out of the ward. 
The patient was nowhere to be seen anymore by the time they made it out of the ward. 
Oh, God! Why has things turned out as such again? 
He felt his heart aching when he wasn’t even related to the Coopers. 
Meanwhile, Benedict started stomping and yelling the moment he figured out his son had fled from the hospital, “I’m going to teach him another lesson the moment I find him!” 
The man next to him begged to differ and thought the one yelling would be the one suffering once the young man returned. 
Meanwhile, Karl and the rest of his party came out of hiding the moment the young man rushed down the stairs from his ward. 
“Edmund!” Karl yelled when he was about to address the man with a different name a split second ago. 
He was astonished because the young man continued staggering his way down the stairs with his hands covering his mouth as if he couldn’t hear Karl and the rest. 
“Mr. Frost, why aren’t we going after him?”
Once his subordinate caught up to him, they asked since they couldn’t figure out the reason Karl remained standing when they were so close to their target. 
Karl went dead silent and had his eyes glued to the surveillance camera a few feet away from them. His expression darkened as if he was ready to take someone out to vent his anger. 
We can’t afford to make any mistakes! 
On the other hand, Edmund finally made his way out of the hospital according to the route he had in mind in spite of his blurred vision. 
He thought of traveling back to the hotel without the help of the others. Otherwise, he might not make it out alive if he failed to return within half an hour. 
Honk! 
Out of nowhere, he felt a strong gust on his cheek and took a step back when he was about to leave. 
He leaned against the gate and started panting heavily in an attempt to catch his breath.
###Chapter 1145
Chapter 1145
It turned out a car had just whizzed through his side at top speed. Unfortunately, he couldn’t even hear vehicles closing in. 
His sense of touch was the sole thing he could rely on. However, none of those would matter since he would pass on if he couldn’t return to the hotel in thirty minutes. 
Out of the blue, someone alighted from the car and asked since she was equally astonished by his presence there, “Edmund?” 
Edmund couldn’t hear her, but he knew someone was on their way to him the moment she alighted from the car. 
Unsure if she was a friend or a foe, he launched a powerful kick in her direction when he was merely a few feet away from her. 
As a result of his powerful kick, the woman fell to the ground and shrieked in pain, “O-Ouch!” 
When she felt the racking sensation coming from her head, she felt a strong urge to take out the man in front of her in a similar manner. 
“What on earth is wrong with you? Can’t you tell it’s me? Have you a death wish or something? I’ll send you to hell if you have enough of living!” 
Huh? What’s with this familiar scent? Wait! Who’s this next to me? 
He leaned over and started running his hands across the floor. When he found the pieces of papers all over the place, he picked those up and started examining them. 
What is this? Are these pieces of notes?
His mind was all over the place when the woman finally brought herself up and saw him trying to get his hands on her notes. 
Unable to stand the man’s goofy look anymore, she rushed over and launched an equally powerful kick to retaliate against the man. 
Bam! 
He felt a racking sensation coming from his leg since she had put on a pair of high heels. As a result, he groaned in pain. 
When she was about to launch another powerful kick, he stopped her in the nick of time and held her firmly in his arms. 
“Ms. Sabrina, is that you? I can’t see!” 
Sabrina, who was about to throw a powerful punch at the man, was startled by the things the man brought up. 
“H-Huh?” 
What does he mean? Why can’t he see? 
“My father has beaten me to a pulp! As a result, I can’t really see or hear! He’s trying to take me out because of the troubles I’ve caused him!” 
His head drooped over his shoulders as he nestled against the woman in his arms. He seemed as if he was a needy little boy in desperate need of others’ aid after others picked on him. 
Sabrina couldn’t stand the man on her shoulder anymore. After all, he was a few feet taller than her in terms of height and a few pounds heavier than her in terms of weight.
Instead of pushing him away, she wrapped her arms around him to stop him from falling in the nick of time. 
“What the heck is wrong with your father? Is he even in his right mind?” 
The man couldn’t hear her, but he hadn’t lost his sense of smell yet. He leaned over and asked while begging with an aggrieved look, “Ms. Sabrina, can you do me a favor and take me home with you?” 
Sabrina felt a strong urge to rush into the hospital to teach the young man’s father a lesson, but she couldn’t stand it anymore when the helpless man brought up his request. 
She helped him up and returned to the hotel with him. They finally reached the hotel after twenty minutes. 
Edmund was on the verge of passing out by the time they returned to the hotel. 
As a result, Sabrina’s mind was all over the place as she tried to bring him to her room. She repeated herself, “Edmund? Stay with me, Edmund!” 
Shall I rush him to the hospital? Since his father is still around, am I supposed to send him to another hospital? 
Once Sabrina brought herself to a halt, the barely conscious man figured out the things she had in mind. Therefore, he muttered, “D-Don’t send me to the hospital. G-Get me the blue pill on top of the nightstand—.” 
He couldn’t even finish his sentence since he had lost consciousness and fallen to the ground. 
Startled, Sabrina yelled, “Edmund! Stay with me, Edmund!”
She had never seen his vulnerable side ever since they became acquainted with one another. To be precise, she found the man irritating all this while. 
The young man was the one stopping her from traveling abroad to search for her husband with all sorts of excuses. He even mentioned that it was Sebastian’s instructions to keep her grounded. 
She once thought of taking him out to get rid of him just like the current unconscious man in her arms. 
However, when his limbs started turning stiff, she knew she didn’t mean it. On top of that, she was slightly flustered as colors started draining from his face. 
She felt upset as if he was an important figure in her life. In spite of the hassle she had to go through, she finally returned to her room with the unconscious man.
###Chapter 1146
Chapter 1146
I need to get him his pills immediately! Where’s the bottle of pills he needs? 
As soon as she returned to the suite and recalled the things he told her before passing out, she started searching high and low in the man’s room. 
When she found the things he needed in the man’s drawer, she paused and muttered to herself, “What the heck is this?” 
It turned out there was a miniature temperature regulating device next to the bottle of odd-looking pills. As soon as she tried opening it, smoke gushed out of the device. 
What sort of pill are we talking about? What’s with this weird-looking device next to it? 
As confused as she might be, she knew she couldn’t afford to waste her time anymore. She returned to the living room and stuffed the pill into the man’s mouth. 
Ten minutes later, she felt a sense of relief once he regained consciousness. Subsequently, she collapsed to the ground and took a seat next to the barely conscious man. 
Alright, I’ll figure out these mysterious-looking things once I’m done sorting things out with this unconscious man! 
Sabrina returned with a pail of lukewarm water and cleaned the man before tucking him in on the couch. 
Once she had everything sorted out, she took a seat next to the window and drafted a text. 
Sabrina: Sasha, where are you? I need you to answer my queries!
The message took Sasha, who was at Oceanic Estate in Jadeborough, by surprise since she was about to feed Jaena. 
She put everything aside and reached for her phone since it was the first time Sabrina tried getting in touch with her after running away from home. 
Instead of greeting her and inquiring about the condition of her daughter, Sabrina attached two photos. 
Sabrina: You’re a doctor, aren’t you? Have you seen any of these pills? 
Sasha: Huh? 
Sasha’s eyes widened when she caught a glimpse of the formula printed on the bottle once she zoomed in on the photos. 
Caution: Handle CuSO? with care! 
What the heck are these? CuSO Isn’t that freaking copper sulfate? What is she trying to do with these? 
Sasha was afraid the woman on the other end was up to something silly again. Thus, she rushed out of the room with her phone and yelled, “Sebby, where are you?” 
“Mrs. Jadeson, are you looking for Mr. Hayes? He’s currently in the study for a discussion with Mr. Old Mr. Jadeson.” 
Olivia thought something was wrong and showed Sasha the way to Jonathan’s study immediately. 
As soon as Sasha handed Jaena to Olivia, she barged into the study. “Sebby!” 
“What’s wrong? I’m here!”
Sebastian was equally anxious ever since he heard Sasha searching for him a few minutes ago. He brought his session with Jonathan to a halt and returned to the side of his wife. 
Sasha showed him her phone and yelled, “See! Sabrina has just gotten in touch with me and sent me these! She asked me if I have seen this as a doctor!” 
She could barely catch her breath after running all the way into the study from her room upstairs, but she wasn’t the one making a fuss out of something trivial. 
After all, Sabrina’s life might be at stake if she were to mistake copper sulfate as some sort of pill for health complications. 
The inorganic compound was often involved in the agricultural setting as an herbicide. In other words, it was never meant for consumption unless under the supervision of a doctor. 
Sasha couldn’t even remain calm as she felt a strong urge to make a trip abroad to Sabrina’s whereabout to stop her from trying whatever she was up to. 
To her surprise, the man in front of her wasn’t particularly shocked when he glanced at the photos she showed him. 
She thought she had been seeing things as the man seemed to feel a sense of relief when he saw the photos Sabrina sent her. 
Am I seeing things or imagining things again? 
“Sebby?” 
“I’ll get in touch with Edmund to figure out the things going on at once. You need to calm down since I’ve sent Karl to escort her home. She’s going to join us soon.”
Sebastian finally answered her queries and assured her to take it easy since it wasn’t a big deal. 
Sasha looked at him in the eyes and thought something was wrong, but she couldn’t figure out the things going on behind the scenes due to the man’s flawless act. 
When she was about to mention something else, Jonathan broke the silence and asked, “Sasha, is everything fine?” 
“Y-Yes, Grandpa!” 
She knew she had to leave the rest to her husband as it wouldn’t be wise to confront him in front of her grandfather-in-law.
###Chapter 1147
Chapter 1147
“Sasha, just allow Sebastian to deal with Sasha and get yourself ready for the banquet tomorrow. You’re going to join Sebastian for the celebration of the newly appointed cabinet, aren’t you?” 
“H-Huh?” 
The things Jonathan brought up had successfully diverted Sasha’s attention since she wasn’t made aware of her upcoming agenda with Sebastian beforehand. 
She was nervous since she had never attended a banquet with the ones leading the nation as guests of the banquet. 
It’s nothing if we’re talking about a banquet for the members of the upper echelon! As nasty as the guests might be, they’re merely a piece of cake as compared to politicians! 
Sasha stammered in return, “I-Is it necessary for me to show up? I-Isn’t this too much?” 
Sebastian broke the silence ahead of his grandfather and remarked in a sarcastic tone, “What do you mean it’s too much when they need to consider themselves lucky to make your acquaintance? They’re just a bunch of selfish men with their respective hidden agendas!” 
It was evident he despised the politicians the most as it was written all over his face. Startled by the man’s harsh remarks, Sasha started perspiring again. 
In the end, Sasha made up her mind to join him for the banquet held by the members of the White House. 
Olivia was thrilled when she heard of the news. She remarked, “Mrs. Jadeson, it’s wonderful! You’re the first to join the banquet as the house hold member of the Jadesons! In other words, you’re officially there as Mrs. Jadeson!”
“She’s right, Mrs. Jadeson! It’s finally time to let others know you’re the almighty Mrs. Jadeson of the successor of the family! I’ll go get you a dress for the banquet at once!” 
“Indeed, make sure you have the accessories to go along with the dress ready as well! We need to make sure you’re in your best fit since you’re there on behalf of the family! There’s no way we’re allowing others to outshine you!” 
As soon as the housemaids figured out Sasha would join Sebastian for the banquet, they started getting everything she needed ready. 
Sasha found them hilarious and thought it wouldn’t be necessary to make a fuss out of a mere banquet. 
On top of that, she merely had to get herself ready for the banquet because Sebastian would get everything else she needed for her. 
Well, I guess I’ll head out and get the guests some gifts since we’re meeting in person for the first time. I can’t possibly embarrass the family. 
“Wendy, can you join me for a trip to the shopping mall?” 
“Sure, Mrs. Hayes!” 
Wendy made sure Jaena was in great hands with Olivia prior to leaving with Sasha. 
As compared to Avenport, Jadeborough was considered a well-developed city with various infrastructures. Therefore, the buying power of the residents was different from those of the residents from Avenport. 
Aware of the things the city had to offer, Sasha headed out to the most luxurious shopping mall from Oceanic Estate once she was ready.
“Wendy, what am I supposed to get the guests?” 
Seated next to Sasha, Wendy suggested, “What about jewelry?” 
Sasha wasn’t sure if that was the great idea and lost herself in a process of thought with her lips pursed. 
Jewelry sounds fine, but I’m not sure if the guests are going to appreciate something coming from someone they’re barely acquainted with. Mrs. Croll is a huge fan of things made out of baniere, isn’t she? 
She thought of getting the guests something else, but the moment she showed up in the boutique store of the mall, she noticed there were many middle-aged women there to get themselves different kinds of accessories. 
Wendy leaned over and asked in a hushed voice, “Mrs. Hayes, you’re not going to doubt me, are you?” 
Sasha thought Wendy was right since she was a few decades older than her. 
When she was about to enter the store to avoid running into others in the store, one of the women noticed her presence and asked, “Isn’t that Mrs. Jadeson?” 
“Where?” 
As a result of the woman’s question, the rest of the guests in the boutique store turned around with their eyes glued to Sasha. 
Sasha was speechless because she couldn’t run away from them anymore. In the end, she joined the rest of them in the store.
“Mrs. Jadeson, are you here to get yourself an accessory for the banquet as well? Why don’t you check these out over here? The store attendant told me they’ve just acquired these a few hours ago!” 
“She’s right, Mrs. Jadeson! Go ahead and give those a try!” 
Those around Sasha, including the wife of Minister of Transportation and Chief Superintendent, were the ones at the place of Helma quite a while ago. 
They were pretty enthusiastic around Sasha since Helma hadn’t asked them to join the rest. On top of that, the clothes Sasha put on took them by surprise. 
Sasha joined them and asked, “Are these accessories made out of jades?” 
“Yes, this bracelet over here is of the most premium quality amongst the rest with the latest design.” 
The store attendant retrieved the turquoise bracelet and showed those in front of her. 
As a result, those around Sasha, especially the wife of the Minister of Transportation, couldn’t suppress their urge to get their hands on the unique bracelet anymore.
###Chapter 1148
Chapter 1148
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1148 
Is it necessary for them to overreact over such a trivial bracelet? 
Sasha took it over and started inspecting it. Once she was done, she turned around and asked, “What do you guys think? Are you guys going to get it since it’s such a unique bracelet?” 
She figured out the concerns of those around her since they went dead silent when she brought up the question. 
Upon a simple glance at the price tag, she found out it would cost her a little more than two hundred thousand for each of the bracelets. 
In the end, she asked the store attendant, “How many of these does the store have to offer? Can you get each of them one?” 
“H-Huh?” 
Those in the store, including the store attendant, gasped as a result of Sasha’s suggestion. 
The store attendant repeated after Sasha as she thought she had been hearing things, “A-Are you sure you’re getting each of them one?” 
“Of course! Consider it a gift from me since it’s such a joyous occasion!” Sasha repeated herself in a sincere tone. 
Those around her could barely conceal their excitement when they found out Sasha was serious. They gathered around to express their gratitude.
Truth be told, they were at least a decade older than Sasha, but they were no match for her in terms of buying power. 
“M-Mrs. Jadeson, are you sure it’s fine? It’s going to cost you a leg and an arm!” 
“She’s right, Mrs. Jadeson! This is too much!” 
“It’s fine as long as it’s something all of you appreciate!” Sasha reassured them it wasn’t a big deal and handed over the card to the store attendant. 
The women around Sasha made up their minds to keep Sasha safe from all harm whenever they were around her in the White House. 
It turned out that was one of Sasha’s many goals for joining them in the store. 
Those in the boutique store weren’t aware someone had been observing them from above when Sasha was about to foot the bill on their behalf. 
“Is this Yariel’s wife?” 
The woman’s assistant answered with a courteous smile, “Yes.” 
The woman turned around and continued observing the interaction of those in the boutique store. 
When Sasha handed the bracelet to those around her, she grinned in an elegant manner, muttering to herself, “She’s quite a smart woman since she knows it’s vital to get herself acquainted with others.” 
Unable to fathom the things she brought up, her assistant asked, “Huh? What do you mean she’s trying to get herself acquainted with others? Isn’t she there to acquire the accessories she needs just like the rest in the store?”
“Indeed, the rest in the store are there to purchase the thing they need for the banquet, but that’s not the case for the young woman over there.” 
Those around her can’t even afford the cheapest jewelry in the store, but that’s not the case for her. She’s merely there to do them a favor to get them to open up to her. 
She turned around and instructed before entering another store, “Alright, why don’t you get in touch with Mrs. Croll and get her to hurry up because we’re running late.” 
The coat the woman had put on couldn’t even conceal her great figure. She carried herself in an elegant manner, striding into the store even when she was in a hurry. 
It was evident she was no ordinary patron of the mall. 
Meanwhile, when Sasha and the rest walked out of the boutique store, one of them asked, “Mrs. Jadeson, are you heading to the highest level next?” 
“The highest level?” 
Sasha looked up when she heard the question coming from the enthusiastic woman next to her. 
Chloe added, “Mrs. Jadeson, the highest floor is the place you can get your hands on the most unique items the mall has to offer! Speaking of which, I think I’ve seen Elizabeth traveling to the highest floor a few minutes ago!” 
“Elizabeth?” 
Those around them were astonished to figure out the wife of the newly appointed president was there as well. 
Similarly, Sasha turned around when she heard Chloe.
“What’s with the look? I’ve really seen her traveling upstairs with her assistant! If you guys don’t believe me, we’ll just head upstairs and figure out if she’s here or not!” 
Instead of playing along with her, they remained silent since none of them, including Sasha, had any intention to pay the one on the highest level a visit. 
A few seconds later, someone asked, “Is that Mrs. Croll and Mrs. Oveson? Are they here to keep Elizabeth company?” 
Sasha felt a strong urge to leave the mall as soon as she turned around and caught a glimpse of Helma traveling upstairs with Dorthea, the woman whom she held a grudge against, using the elevator. 
As they exchanged glances, Dorthea’s face puckered in irritation. 
“Mrs. Hayes, we—” 
“We’ll talk once we’re home!” Sasha turned around and thought of leaving once she finished her sentence.
###Chapter 1149
Chapter 1149
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1149 
Sasha wasn’t afraid of the vicious duo, but she knew it wouldn’t be wise to cause the Jadesons any trouble. 
After all, others could easily figure out she had been trying to form cliques with the women around her a short while ago. 
To make things worse, the ones in the elevator weren’t even on good terms with her. 
Those around her got in her way and asked when they figured out Sasha was about to leave, “Mrs. Jadeson, are you leaving so soon?” 
Sasha brought herself to a halt and explained, “I’m so sorry, but I have to attend to an emergency.” 
“Huh? We’re about to take you elsewhere with us! You don’t have to worry about running into them since this isn’t the only mall in Jadeborough!” 
“She’s right, Mrs. Jadeson!” 
Sasha was surprised when those around her brought up the suggestion of bringing her to another mall with them. 
All of a sudden, she was at a loss for words to turn them down. After much considerations, she repeated herself, “Thank you so much for the offer, but I’m afraid that’s impossible since I have an emergency that requires my attention. Is it fine if I leave the rest to all of you since most of you know the remaining guests better than I do?” 
She made up her mind to entrust those around her with the remaining gifts she had to get the guests of the banquet and handed them her card.
Oh, God! Mrs. Jadeson is such a generous woman! 
They couldn’t believe Sasha had handed over her card to them without much hesitation. They were equally thrilled to be entrusted with such an important task. 
It was rare for those affiliated with the White House to open up to one another unless there was some sort of ulterior motives in store. 
In the end, Sasha returned home with Wendy while the rest headed off to another mall in Jadeborough to complete the assigned task. 
The worried Wendy asked when they were on their way home, “Mrs. Hayes, I’m pretty sure they’re going to deem you a reliable friend of theirs, but are you ready to take the wife of the president as well as Mrs. Croll and Mrs. Oveson on?” 
Sasha sneered and asked, “What do you mean? Are you indicating they’re going to make a fool out of me during the banquet tomorrow?” 
As Wendy remained silent, Sasha added, “We shall see if they’re capable of making fun of me! I’m not really afraid if they’re coming after me! However, I’m afraid they’re plotting something against Sebastian again!” 
Wendy’s face turned pale and haggard when she heard Sasha because that might be the case. Ultimately, she was up against the wives of the mainstay of the House, including the wife of the newly appointed president. 
If they’re really up to something vicious, Sebastian, who’s on his own, might be in huge trouble. 
Holding on to the steering wheel, Sasha fastened her grip when she thought of the things awaiting the man she held dear.
Sebastian, who was in Oceanic Estate, couldn’t move his eyes away from the surveillance footage. Those were the precise locations of their targets. 
Their targets were constantly on the move since the dots on the screen continued traveling everywhere throughout the screen. 
Jonathan asked, “How’s it going?” 
“I think we’re safe for the time being since Benedict hasn’t reported the incident to those from Jadeborough. That must be the reason none of them are on the move yet,” Sebastian answered while staring at the screen. 
Seriously? What’s taking him so long? 
His grandfather couldn’t remain calm anymore. He asked, “What are we supposed to do since Benedict has gotten suspicious? If things remain the same, he has to infiltrate the place! His life is going to be at stake!” 
Sebastian was equally upset. He clenched his fists with all his might while staring at the screen full of dots. 
Ring! 
Out of the blue, he heard his phone buzzing once again. He reached for his phone with a frown and found out that Sabrina, who was still at Bellridge, had dropped Sasha a series of WhatsApp messages. 
Sabrina: Hello? Can you answer my question? Stop ignoring me! 
Sasha: Hurry up! 
Sasha: Hello?
Sebastian couldn’t stand his sister bombarding him with a series of messages anymore. She hadn’t stopped texting him ever since he took over Sasha’s phone. 
Has she always conversed with him in such an irritating manner? 
The already frustrated Sebastian drafted his reply to take things out on the one annoying him. 
Sasha: Can you stop making a fuss out of something trivial? You don’t think he’s still kicking and alive next to you if it’s something life-threatening, do you? 
Sabrina gaped at Sasha’s reply and thought she had been seeing things because of the seemingly harsh reply. 
What the hell? Is Sasha yelling at me through the phone? 
A few seconds later, she drafted her reply to return the favor.
###Chapter 1150
Chapter 1150
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1150 
Sabrina: I’ve been waiting for two hours! 
Sasha: What? Can’t you even spare two hours when you have nothing to do? Aren’t you aware I’m occupied with all sorts of things? 
Sabrina took a deep breath in an attempt to regain her composure when she recalled they had to deal with the mess she left behind after running away from home over the night. 
Sabrina: If that’s the case, can you spare me a few minutes and give an explanation of whatever I have just administered the man? She attached another photo along with the WhatsApp message. 
Instead of answering her queries, the man on the other end initiated a video call session with his brows furrowed in disbelief. 
Sabrina was surprised but picked up the call after hesitating for a few seconds. 
“What?” 
Sebastian bellowed the moment Sabrina picked up the call, “What the hell is wrong with you? Why have you taken it out of the temperature regulating device? Aren’t you aware of the importance of the device?” 
It turned out she had left the bottle of pills unattended after taking it out from the temperature regulating device. 
Sabrina was flustered when she heard a man’s voice coming from the other end of the call because she thought Sasha was the one initiating the call.
It turned out her brother, Sebastian, was the one on the other end of the call. 
She ended up stuttering, “I-I—” 
Sebastian instructed in a callous tone, “Stop making excuses and put it back at once! He’s as good as gone if you don’t hurry up! If that’s the case, you’re going to spend the rest of your life in regret!” 
Sabrina felt a chill running down her spine when she found out it was a life-threatening situation. She had the bottle of pills stored in the temperature regulating device again. 
She returned to carry on with the conversation once she was done. 
“D-Done!” 
Sebastian knew he was the one making a fuss out of something trivial when he caught a glimpse of his sister’s diffident look through the screen. 
Therefore, he stopped yelling at her and explained in a gentle tone, “I’m not trying to scold you, but the bottle of pills is of utmost importance to the man next to you.” 
The confused Sabrina gulped and nodded, promising her brother on the other end, “I’ll keep that in mind.” 
“Alright, how’s he doing?” 
Sabrina showed Sebastian the man next to her and said, “He’s still unconscious as of now, but I think he’s doing fine since he’s no longer as pale and haggard as he was a few hours ago.” 
At the very least, his limbs aren’t as frigid as they were when I found him in the middle of nowhere. 
Sebastian thought it was time to hang up the call once he ensured the man next to Sabrina was fine.
“Hold on! Am I supposed to keep him safe from his father in case his father shows up at my doorstep, demanding for him? He told me his father was the one who had beaten him to a pulp after he took out the owner of the casino!” 
Sebastian couldn’t fathom the things Sabrina brought up and thought it was something Edmund had made up to deceive his sister. 
Is it necessary for him to include so many things at once? It’s so confusing; I’m not sure if I’m able to keep up with him anymore! 
“Are you telling me you wish to keep him safe?” 
It was finally Sabrina’s turn to reprimand her brother on the other end of the call. Glaring at him in the eyes, she yelled, “Hello? Hasn’t you sent him to me? Am I supposed to turn a blind eye when his life is at stake?” 
As Sebastian fell silent, Jonathan, who was next to his grandson, muttered, “You—” 
Within a few seconds, the man seated in front of the screen full of red dots announced, “Alright, I’ll send someone to take both of you home at once.” 
Jonathan seemed as if he had something to tell him, but he changed his mind and heaved a long sigh at the last minute. 
Clenching his fists while staring at the screen, he knew it wouldn’t be wise to share the things he had in mind with his grandson. 
Nothing else matters as long as they’re safe. At the end of the day, we’re doing all of these just to keep the members of the family safe.
Chirp! Chirp! Chirp! 
Edmund was glad he had the chance to be roused from his sleep in a well-illuminated suite to the birds chirping on the balcony. 
When the woman heard the rustling coming from the couch, she greeted the man, “You’re finally awake.” 
Once Edmund turned around, he saw Sabrina in the set of loungewear, including a pair of indoor sandals, the hotel had prepared them. 
What’s with her unkempt hair? She looks great in her pair of heels and her dress! I think I need to get her another few sets of outfits!
###Chapter 1151
Chapter 1151
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1151 
“Can you see yet?” Sabrina started waving her hands in front of the man because she thought he still hadn’t regained his sense of sight. 
Truth be told, she was the reason he couldn’t move his eyes away from her. 
He chuckled and announced, “I can see you very well, Ms. Sabrina. May I know how long have I been unconscious?” 
Sabrina moved her hands away from him and said, “You were unconscious throughout the night. Are you going to tell me what’s wrong with you? Why have you stopped me from rushing you to the hospital? What’s with the mysterious bottle of pills in your drawer? Just what on earth is going on?” 
She didn’t bother to hold back her curiosity since the man in front of her couldn’t intimidate her like his brother. 
Edmund felt a shiver running down his back when he heard Sabrina—he thought she might have discovered something when he was unconscious throughout the night. 
“H-Has my father dropped by?” 
“Huh? No!” 
“If that’s the case—” 
“Sebastian told me the pills were of utmost importance for your life and warned me to store it inside the temperature regulating device! Now, I want you to tell me if you’re ill, or are you in such a bad shape because of others?”
I’m just glad she’s a simple-minded woman. It doesn’t even take much of an effort to trick her into telling me everything I need to know. 
He heaved a long sigh of relief and muttered, “I’ve always been relatively frail ever since I was young, but it wasn’t a big deal since I spent most of my time doing nothing at home. Had my father not beaten me to a pulp, I wouldn’t have ended up as such.” 
Sitting upright on the couch, he made something up with a serious look to deceive the woman next to him. 
Huh? Has he always been ill or something? 
As the woman started sizing him up with a scowl and stared at his pelvic area for quite a long time, he knew she must have misperceived things. 
A few seconds later, he cleared his thought and assured the woman, “Ms. Sabrina, thanks for your concern, but this isn’t the reason I’m not feeling well.” 
“Huh?” 
“I’m trying to tell you that you’re overthinking things!” 
Aware of the things she had in mind, he accidentally raised his volume against her. 
Just what the hell is wrong with her? Can’t she even think properly? Since when has she turned into a woman with so many filthy thoughts? 
Sabrina finally returned to her senses when she heard the man. As a result, she flushed and stomped her way to her room, indicating she was equally irked.
He’s such a jerk! How dare he raise his volume against me when he would’ve been dead by now if it weren’t because of me? 
Half an hour later, Edmund was the sprightly young man again self after having another pill once he took his shower. 
He thought it was time to get them checked into another hotel just in case of the worst. 
Since he left the hospital in the hurry, he couldn’t check on Benedict. Therefore, he was afraid Benedict might show up at the hotel after being apart with him for a night. 
He returned to the living room and said, “Ms. Sabrina—” 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Someone knocked on the door when he was about to bring up the suggestion to get them checked into another hotel. 
Who is it? Could it be Benedict? What am I supposed to do? Shall I pretend I’m still unconscious and continue sleeping on the couch? 
Edmund was a rebellious man. Most of the time, he wouldn’t even listen to his father. However, he knew he wasn’t a match for Benedict since Benedict was quite an influential man. 
Out of nowhere, the woman in the room rushed into the living room, announcing at the top of her lungs, “I’m coming!” 
Edmund stared at her open-mouthed as she continued marching in the direction of the entrance and answered the door without a second thought. 
He was in a state of bewilderment until he saw the man standing at the entrance of the suite.
“It’s you!” Sabrina greeted the handsome man at the entrance. 
In return, Karl announced, “Mr. Hayes sent me to take you and Mr. Cooper home with me once he received the request from you. We have everything ready to take him away with us. Actually, we can move out as soon as both of you are ready.” 
He secretly let out a sigh of relief when he found out Edmund was safe and sound inside the suite. 
Sabrina reprimanded Karl, “Are you indicating I’m the one who wants to take him home with me? It’s Sebastian’s instructions, not mine!” 
“Indeed, it’s Mr. Hayes’ instructions. Mr. Cooper, are you feeling well? Shall we leave at once? What about you, Ms. Sabrina?” 
Karl took another peek at the man next to Sabrina as he played along with her. 
To Karl’s surprise, the man arched his brows as if he was against the idea of leaving with him. He seemed as if he had something else in mind. 
It was then Sabrina who turned around and disguised her instructions with a series of rhetorical questions. “What are you doing? Hurry up and pack your stuff unless you wish to return to your heartless father!” 
Edmund approached the seemingly irked woman with his lips pursed.
###Chapter 1152
Chapter 1152
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover chapter 1152 
“Actually, that won’t be necessary because he’s not going to kill me for real. At the end of the day, I’m his only son.” 
“What the hell? Are you kidding me? Weren’t you the one who told me you had to run away from your father? Was it just a joke?” Sabrina went berserk and shouted. 
She wasn’t the one making a scene for nothing because she had gone to great lengths to procure the aid of his brother to ensure he was safe when they weren’t even related. 
It was merely one of her attempts to return him the favor of saving her when her life was at stake. It was a challenge for someone who had never requested others’ aid on someone else’s behalf. 
What if Devin finds out I’m trying to help a man shortly after he’s dead? Is he going to blame me for being disloyal? Maybe he’s going to deem me unworthy of him! 
As emotions came flooding out, Sabrina couldn’t resist the urge to weep and ended up with a pair of welled-up eyes. 
Edmund was well aware he had to make something up to deceive the heartbroken woman. Once he snapped out of bewilderment, he explained, “I didn’t lie, but—” 
“What?” 
“If I run away with you, my father’s going to pick on your brother!” 
He brought up something reasonable and stopped her from making a scene. It worked like a charm and rendered her speechless.
She just couldn’t bring herself to expose her brother to uncertainties. In the end, she returned to her room and banged the door shut, leaving the men in the living room alone. 
“You know she’s merely trying to do you a favor, don’t you?” 
“I’m well aware of that.” 
Edmund finally returned to his usual self. He glanced at Sabrina’s room and served Karl a glass of water. 
Out of curiosity, Karl asked, “Are you sure you’re not coming with us? Actually, we were at the hospital as well, but we thought it wouldn’t be wise to show up since she had rushed to your rescue.” 
No matter how things might turn out, he would never resent them. He asked, “Has she really acquired Sebastian’s aid to take me away with her?” 
“Actually, it’s Mr. Hayes’ instructions. He was equally worried when he figured out things had headed south last night. On top of that, Benedict did nothing when such a serious incident had occurred. Therefore, Mr. Hayes thought it wouldn’t be necessary to expose you to unnecessary risk anymore.” 
Karl handed Edmund another miniature device similar to the one in his drawer once he finished his orated speech. 
Edmund took over the device and said, “It’s because we’re not halfway through with the plan yet. Once I infiltrate the ranks, I’m sure he can’t keep me in the dark anymore.” 
“You—” Colors drained from Karl’s face since Edmund had made himself clear he wouldn’t be leaving with them. 
Does he seriously think he’s still the almighty major? He’s on his own without anyone with him! Shall we talk about the injury he has sustained?
He almost lost his life because of a skin prick test! There’s no way he’s making it out alive if he infiltrates the ranks on his own! 
“No! There’s no way I’m allowing this! Mr. Hayes is of the same idea as well! He’s working on several alternatives as we speak! No matter what, we’re not exposing you to unnecessary risk anymore—I’m taking you home with me!” 
Karl remarked with his voice quivering and thought of rendering the man opposite him unconscious to take him away with him against his will. 
However, a glance from Edmund was all it took to stop Karl from trying anything rash. After all, Karl wasn’t a match for Edmund even when Edmund wasn’t in his prime. 
“You don’t have to repeat yourself because I’m well aware of the risk I’m susceptible to! Am I supposed to remind you of the sort of things awaiting Mr. Hayes? He warned me not to mingle with those affiliated with the White House, but he joined the rank without my consent! What the hell does he think he’s doing?” 
Unable to think of anything else to rebuke Edmund, Karl remained standing in silence. Once he thought of the things awaiting them, he fell into the vicious cycle of despair. 
He’s right! Mr. Hayes isn’t having it easy as well! As a matter of fact, he’s in an equally nasty situation! Unless he could take them on without others’ aid, it’s only a matter of time until they take him out! 
In the end, Karl left since he knew he couldn’t change Edmund’s mind. 
Edmund knocked on the door of Sabrina’s room after standing next to it for a few minutes. He asked, “Ms. Sabrina, aren’t you going to leave with the bodyguard of the family?”
###Chapter 1153
Chapter 1153
What is she doing in the room? Why can’t I hear anything coming from the room? I guess I’ll just have to leave her alone for the time being. 
In the afternoon, Benedict finally showed up. The assistant he brought along with him announced, “Mr. Edmund, can you please answer the door? Mr. Cooper is here for you!” 
Edmund dismissed the one knocking on the door and continued preparing the serving of steak the staff brought him in the kitchen. 
As the scent permeated throughout the suite, those outside of the suite knocked on the door again. 
Out of nowhere, a woman stomped her way out of the room and marched in the direction of the entrance to answer the door. 
“Can’t you wait? Why the hell are you in a hurry? Are you dying or what?” she yelled when she was a few feet away from the entrance, startling the man in the kitchen. 
Afraid the woman would try something rash after answering the door and getting in the way of those at the entrance, he looked at them while holding the serving of steak. 
The man at the entrance couldn’t think of the proper way to carry on with the conversation because he had never encountered such a fearsome woman. 
In the end, he greeted her, “M-Mrs. Jadeson, we’re here for Mr. Edmund. Can you tell me if he’s here?” 
“No! He’s dead!” she yelled with her arms tucked, indicating she was irked. 
Edmund, who was in the suite, felt his lips twitching against his will and accidentally dropped the serving of steak on the sizzling skillet.
Once those at the entrance heard the sound coming from the suite, the man asked, “I-It’s Mr. Edmund, isn’t it?” 
Sabrina turned around with her eyes narrowed to a slit while asking in a sarcastic manner, “Are you sure you’re not hearing things when I’m the only one here? I’m warning you to get the hell out of my sight at once! Otherwise, don’t blame me for whatever’s in store for you!” 
As soon as she made herself clear, she clasped her fingers together and cracked them in front of them, implying she was ready to take them on. 
When will this silly woman learn to behave herself and stop stirring things up? What’s with the sudden change of attitude when she refused to acknowledge she was the one who had brought up the request to take me away when Karl was here? 
Why has she gotten in their way when they show up at the doorstep looking for me? Isn’t she aware of the risk associated with her actions? 
Edmund turned off the stove and joined the trio at the entrance instead of having his sweet time in the kitchen. 
The moment he showed up, the frustrated man at the entrance exclaimed, “Mr. Edmund, I knew it! See! He’s right here!” 
The annoyed Benedict glared at his so-called son in silence throughout the session. 
It was the same for Edmund as he couldn’t care less about their presence. The one he cared about the most was the woman getting in the way of the duo. 
Edmund requested, “Ms. Sabrina, can you please show them the way to the suite?”
Sabrina, who was ready to take out the men at the entrance, turned around with a look of disbelief when she heard Edmund. 
What the hell is wrong with him? Is he seriously asking me to show them the way into the suite? Has he a death wish or something? 
He assured the annoyed woman, “I’m pretty sure they won’t try anything silly since you’re around. Why don’t you take a break in the room and allow me to deal with them?” 
Sabrina turned around with her eyes narrowed to a slit in a suspicious manner. A few seconds later, she finally stopped getting in their way at the entrance. 
Instead of returning to the room as suggested, she continued cooking the serving of steak in the kitchen while skinning the peels of fruits off nonchalantly. 
After engaging himself in a conversation with her a few minutes ago, the assistant Benedict brought along found her a horrifying woman and thought it would be better to stay away from her. 
Once the trio took a seat in the living room, Benedict asked, “Have you spent the night here?” 
Seated opposite his father, Edmund asked sarcastically, “Where else could I’ve spent the night at?” 
As the young man showed no signs of serving his father anything, the assistant brought himself to the kitchen to retrieve a glass of water on Benedict’s behalf. 
Benedict instructed in a callous tone, “You need to stay away from her. I’ll bring her to Jadeborough with me once I’m done. Meanwhile, I want you to return to Yorksland with him.” 
Yorksland?
Edmund looked at his father in the eyes with a confused look because he couldn’t figure out the reason his so-called father wanted him to return to Yorksland. 
I get it if he wants to take Sabrina away with him since she’s the one stirring things up as a member of the Jadesons, but why does he want to send me to Yorksland? Isn’t it too soon? Things seemed to have progressed too well to be true! 
Edmund queried while squinting his eyes, “Have you sorted things out on my behalf? Are you sure they’re willing to let me off the hook?” 
“Yes, that’s precisely the reason I need you to leave as soon as possible. It was never my intention to doubt you, but I had to play safe. Things are quite complicated around here.”
###Chapter 1154
Chapter 1154
Edmund couldn’t believe his ears since Benedict actually acknowledged he was the one at fault for the first time. 
He went dead silent when he recalled the sort of capabilities Benedict possessed. Otherwise, his father couldn’t have sorted out the issue on his behalf so soon. 
It turns out I’ve underestimated him again! He’s way more influential than I think he is! If a member of the Senate is capable of this, what about the ones hiding behind the scene? Is his superior far more capable than him? 
He tried his best to remain calm in spite of feeling overwhelmed. In the end, he agreed to return with his so-called father under one condition. 
“She’s quite a pain in the ass since she’s not really in her right mind for most of the time. I’m afraid none of you can take her away against her will. I’ll get in touch with her brother and get him to pick her up.” 
“Well, I guess it’s fine.” 
Benedict agreed and departed from the hotel shortly after he wrapped up the session with his son. 
Meanwhile, Edmund returned to the side of Sabrina shortly after the departure of his father. He asked, “Ms. Sabrina, what are you doing?” 
Sabrina was occupied with something. She remarked while staring at the map in front of her, “Are you blind? Can’t you see I’m trying to plan your escape route?” 
She was there throughout his conversation with his so-called father. To his surprise, she seemed to have considered the possibility of Benedict trying something else instead of sending him to Yorksland as promised.
Standing next to the woman, he felt great for the first time in a while and murmured in an intimate manner, “Ms. Sabrina…” 
He made it sound as if they were husband and wife, but Sabrina, who wasn’t aware of the things he had in mind, repeated her question, “What do you want?” 
“Shall we disguise ourselves and sneak to the airport using a secret route? As long as we look different, I’m sure his men can’t find us!” 
“Are you serious?” 
She turned around and looked at him in the eyes. It was evident the man had successfully deceived her again. 
It wasn’t because she was a fool. In fact, it was because she had faith in those she deemed reliable, including the man next to her. Therefore, she wasn’t suspicious of his suggestion at all. 
To make sure he could convince her, he showed her the route using the map he had installed. Ten minutes later, they took a detour to the mall to get themselves disguised. 
On their way to the mall, Edmund drafted a text to Karl. 
Edmund: I want you to pick her up at the mall after an hour. 
What the hell is going on? 
Karl was confused by the sudden turn of events until he came across the assault in the shopping mall after spending another hour in the cybercafé. 
Edmund’s eyes gleamed when the woman marched out of the fitting room with Gothic clothes. Subsequently, he complimented her with a sincere smile, “Ms. Sabrina, you look great!”
He was intrigued and found out it was his fault for not acknowledging the sort of affection he had for when he had the chance to appreciate her presence. 
With that being said, he blamed his upbringing because he was brought up with values different from the woman he had a thing for. 
He made fun of her and considered her a freak because of her preferences. Unwilling to be considered a freak, he tried to distance himself from her. 
Unbeknownst to him, he had long fallen for the woman he considered a freak. 
Similarly, Sabrina, who was in the middle of touching up her look, flushed when she heard the man’s compliment. 
She had never heard others praising her for being herself. Thus, she stammered in return, “W-What are you talking about? Hurry up and go get yourself changed! Aren’t we in a hurry?” 
In order to get herself out of the awkward situation, she brought up something else to divert his attention. 
Nodding with a smile, he headed into the fitting room to disguise his look. A few minutes later, a handsome man returned with a set of fashionable clothes. 
“Y-You—” 
“It took me some time to pick something to go along with your dress! What do you think, Ms. Sabrina?” 
Sabrina had a hard time breathing because of the man’s presence and affectionate gaze. As much as she thought of looking elsewhere, she found out she couldn’t. 
What the hell is wrong with me? Have I fallen for him or something? How is that even possible?
He took her breath away with his grin while caressing her hair in an affectionate manner. Consequently, she felt her heart racing again. 
“Ms. Sabrina, has your husband told you that you’re a gorgeous woman?” 
“N-No—” 
“Well, it’s an honor to be the first to compliment your beauty. You’re truly the most gorgeous woman I have ever encountered throughout my life. Others might not learn to appreciate you, but it’s fine because you’re one-of-a-kind. After all, beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.” 
Although there was nothing special with the man’s orated speech, Sabrina’s mind went completely blank because of it. 
She wasn’t even aware of the things going on, including the firearm assault in the mall, because the man’s affectionate speech was the only thing she had in mind.
###Chapter 1155
Chapter 1155
In the end, Sabrina plunged into unconsciousness. 
When Karl rushed over to the haute couture boutique and found her unscathed, Edmund had been taken away. 
“Damn it! Why was he taken away? I’ve already made arrangements in advance. Why did those people come over here to arrest him? What went wrong? Argh!” 
Benedict threw a fit at the sight in the boutique. 
It was indeed bizarre. 
He informed Edmund to come back, as he had spoken to those people, so they wouldn’t mess with his son. 
Why did that happen again? 
Benedict was smoldering with fury. 
As a result, he decided to attack their headquarters with his men. Infuriated, he dialed a number. 
Right after he made the call, Sebastian, who was staring at a screen at Oceanic Estate in Jadeborough, saw a red dot flicker. 
“Look! It’s moving!” Jonathan yelled and was over the moon the second he saw it. 
However, Sebastian remained silent. 
When the red dot had moved a few inches away, only then did he pick up his phone from the table. 
“Hello. It’s me. Find out the IP address of the red spot moving on the screen.”
“Yes, Mr. Hayes,” an unflinching voice from SteelFort sounded. 
In the meantime, in the mall at Bellridge, Karl watched Benedict storm away with his men. 
He felt worried, yet assured. 
It finally works this time. 
Soon, he took the unconscious Sabrina away. Immediately, he asked someone to carry her into a helicopter to send her back to Jadeborough. 
“How about you? Aren’t you leaving?” 
A SteelFort subordinate’s expression changed upon realizing that his leader seemed to have no intention of boarding the helicopter. 
Karl patted his shoulder with a smile. “Why should I? I’ve yet to complete the mission given by Mr. Hayes.” 
“W-What mission?” 
“The one about taking her back.” 
Karl let out a hearty laugh. In the next second, he turned around. 
When the subordinate recollected himself and wanted to catch hold of Karl, the helicopter had taken off. 
“Mr. Frost!” 
Gaping at his lonely figure, several SteelFort subordinates couldn’t do nothing but choke up and shriek in desperation as the helicopter rose into the sky.
It was incredibly heart-wrenching 
Everyone was sacrificing themselves amid this tragedy, including the superior Jadesons, and the Hayeses who had been trying to steer clear of troubles and disputes. 
Soon, Karl drove the black Jeep away. 
Back in the country. 
It was already at night when the helicopter brought Sabrina back to Oceanic Estate. Sebastian and Sasha had attended the banquet in the White House. Only Mark alone was home. 
Hearing that someone was back, he marched to the entrance right away. 
“You guys…” 
“Mr. Stewart, Mr. Frost has stayed back at Bellridge to assist Mr. Cooper, so we’re here to send Ms. Sabrina home. We’ll leave her to you now.” 
As soon as the SteelFort subordinates saw Mark, they carried Sabrina out of the helicopter and briefly told him about their situation. 
An astonished look crossed Mark’s face. 
“How could he do that? That place is so dangerous. If you need more manpower, we can mobilize more men from here. Mr. Frost does not need to stay there.” 
“We’re Mr. Hayes’ subordinates as well.” 
With that said, the group of tough, unswerving men left.
Mark was nonplussed, looking at them. 
They were right. Though they were from the Hayes family, Mr. Sebastian, who was living in the Jadeson residence, was also their master. What was the difference between them? 
Afterward, Mark brought Sabrina into the house. 
Meanwhile, Jonathan was still awake in his study. Mark saw it and approached him. His eyes were glued to the computer screen that he did not even notice it when Mark came in. 
“How is it? Is the banquet still on?” 
“Yes, it is. I can’t believe Carlos is there!” 
Sitting at the desk, Jonathan stared intensely at a man with an odd expression. 
Is that Carlos? 
Mark was shocked when he heard that name. 
Dashing to the computer, he spotted an old man being pushed around in a wheelchair in the surveillance footage. 
In front of him stood Sebastian. 
“What is he trying to do? Is he still holding grudges that you took his place? Now that you’re retired, is he going to make a move against Mr. Sebastian?” 
Instinctively, Mark reached out to touch his left ear to inform the Jadesons who were lurking around the White House. 
Nevertheless, Jonathan stopped him.
###Chapter 1156
Chapter 1156
Back then, Jonathan snatched his position from someone else, and the man was Carlos Smith. 
The two of them led their troops in a war, and were responsible for different areas. Because of the ideal terrain at the battlefield, Carlos was supposed to win without breaking a sweat, but he lost terribly. 
On the other hand, in the northwest, Jonathan led his troop to victory and successfully quelled the war in the country. 
Since then, Jonathan became the general of the entire army, and Carlos had not shown up in the White House for decades. 
Scrutinizing the old man in the footage, Jonathan had a menacing expression on his face. 
Why does he suddenly appear on such an important occasion? 
“Hold still for now. Let’s see what he’s up to. I believe he does not have the nerve to mess around at National Day banquet.” Jonathan wanted to observe the old man first. 
Mark obeyed and waited patiently. 
Everyone who attended the National Day banquet in the White House came with an ulterior motive. 
However, none had the guts to do anything reckless there. 
Apparently, the one who organized such an event had a hidden agenda as well. 
“Mr. Hayes, let me introduce you to Mr. Smith, a general who fought alongside with your grandpa in wars before.” 
At the banquet, Carlos had been brought to Sebastian, who was sitting at the table in the White House.
However, other than Sebastian, no one else was at the table. 
They either did it intentionally or they were really busy entertaining the guests. As the new Speaker of the House, being abandoned at the table alone made him appear forlorn. 
A general? 
Hearing that, Sebastian glanced languidly at the old man with his legs crossed. 
“I’ve never heard of him.” 
The man behind Carlos’ wheelchair clenched his fists so hard that the sound of his knuckle cracking could be heard. 
They knew he was rather haughty, but never had they expected him to be this insolent. Does he know who he’s talking to? 
Even his grandfather, Jonathan, dared not ignore Carlos. 
The man behind the wheelchair was about to boast Carlos’ achievements to daunt Sebastian. 
Unexpectedly, Carlos waved his hand dismissively to gesture him to leave. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’ve taken after your father. He was equally prideful when he was under me.” 
“Really?” 
Sebastian’s expression remained indifferent. 
His next sentence was even more maniacal. “I’m not sure about that, since I’ve never seen him.” 
There was a moment of silence between them.
The atmosphere was extremely awkward. 
This time, even Carlos could no longer stand it. A hint of fury flitted across his face. 
Right then, the host of the banquet, Silas, who was also the president, came over with a glass of wine. 
“Mr. Smith, here you are. I was going to introduce you to the new House Speaker. He’s from the military, so I’m sure you would surely like to meet him.” 
With a cheerful grin, he came to them and insisted on introducing them to one another. 
Still, Sebastian remained seated in silence. 
Carlos simmered down as soon as he saw the president. 
“We’ve met each other. His demeanor shows that he’s indeed one of the Jadesons.” 
“Right.” Silas’ smile grew wider. 
“In this case, Mr. Smith, would you like to join the House for some time? Old Mr. Jadeson is now ill and on bed rest. Yariel has just taken over the House, so he’s not familiar with the operation yet. I’m worried because no one is here to guide him.” 
His words came like a bolt from the blue. 
Did he invite Carlos to the banquet to make him join the House and rule over me? Is he trying to stir up trouble? 
Swirling the wineglass in his hand, Sebastian sniggered.
“You might as well save yourself some hassle and ask Mr. Smith to be the House Speaker in replacement of myself. I told you previously that I have no experience and was unable to handle this position.” 
“Yariel, how could you…” 
Instantly, Silas’ face flushed crimson with embarrassment. 
Gasps of astonishment sounded around them as his words drew the attention of the people around him. 
Yariel indeed has the balls to speak up. Does he even know that Silas is the new president? Besides, we are in the White House. How insolent. Isn’t he afraid his action might get him into trouble? 
When everyone saw that, they were gleeful — they thought the Jadesons and the White House were going to be on bad terms. 
A few minutes later, Silas left sulkily, while Carlos shook his head at the audacious young man. 
“Yariel, you should really change your hot temper.” 
“Why should I?” Sebastian refuted him with an expressionless face.
###Chapter 1157
Chapter 1157
Chapter 1157 Light 
In the end, Carlos simply sighed and had someone wheel him away without saying a word. 
Just like that, that table became a lot more quiet as no one came over even when the party was about to end. 
After the maids had left, Sasha popped out of a corner and ran straight over while holding the hem of her dress up. 
“What are you doing, Sebby? Huh? Are you all done eating? Why are you the only one left at the table?” 
She reached out to surprise him by covering his eyes from behind, but stopped herself when she saw him sitting at the table full of dishes all by himself. 
For some reason, seeing Sebastian glancing at his smartphone while being lost in thought made her heart ache a little. 
He arched an eyebrow when he saw her, and his expression that had been cold the whole evening finally turned gentle. 
“Yeah, how are things on your end? Everything over?” 
“Mhmm!” Sasha’s face sank upon hearing that as she didn’t really have a great time with the maids earlier. 
“Sebby, did you know that Mrs. Zander is very close with Mrs. Croll, Mrs. Oveson, and Mrs. Hamilton? They were chatting away happily the whole evening!”
“And?” 
“And then I got a little mad! While I wasn’t ignored completely, seeing them like that made me extremely uncomfortable! This is the White House, and they’re there forming cliques!” Sasha pouted as she said that. 
Sebastian had hired someone to help doll her up nicely before they came over, and everyone was staring at them for quite some time when they arrived. 
But her pretty little face had become so puckered up that Sebastian couldn’t help but chuckle at how ugly she looked. 
Oh, man… Look at this silly girl, getting all angry over people like that! What happened to all that big talk before we left the house? 
With that in mind, Sebastian gave her a little pinch on the nose and said, “All right, don’t be so angry now. We’re not coming here often, so there’s no need to get so worked up over such trivial matters.” 
“But, you…” 
“I’m not going to stay here for long either. Once we’ve taken out the trash, we’ll head back to Avenport and never return.” 
There was a hint of exhaustion in Sebastian’s bloodshot eyes when he said that. 
Of course he’s tired… He’s been supporting the entire Jadeson family and protecting their safety all by himself for so long! As strong as he may be, Sebastian is still human and would surely get exhausted! 
Sasha’s eyes reddened at the thought of that, and she wrapped her arms around him before kissing him on the forehead.
“All right, we’ll do as you say.” 
The two of them had the most beautiful moment in the world. 
Meanwhile, a middle-aged woman wearing a green baniere entered and came over when she saw her husband inside. 
They were about to leave after placing their wine glasses down when they saw Sasha and Sebastian being all lovey-dovey. 
“Were we like them as well back then?” 
The middle-aged man was wearing a gray suit and a pair of gold-rimmed glasses. He arched his eyebrow as he stared at the two and replied, “I guess so. I don’t really remember.” 
The woman in the green baniere chuckled in response. “Of course you don’t remember! You only care about that group of guys from your squad!” 
“Are you jealous?” 
“No, I was just wondering… Given what you’re doing to the son of your commander that you miss dearly, how will you face him after you die?” the woman whispered into his ear with a light chuckle as they left hand in hand. 
The sound of her laughter was completely different from when she was with Sasha earlier. She had maintained an elegant posture the whole time while seated at the table, and even her laughter had an air of nobility to it. 
However, she sounded just like any other ordinary person when she was with the man in that moment. 
“I could ask you the same thing. You pissed off that young girl pretty badly too, didn’t you?”
“Eh, she’s all right. She’s a smart woman and had found a bunch of people to help her out even before entering the White House. I didn’t really get to ignore her earlier,” the woman replied with a sigh. 
It was as if she had finally met an opponent strong enough to frustrate her. 
They then walked too far to be heard, but Sasha and Sebastian noticed Carlos talking to a few people when they came out of the ballroom. 
“Sebby?” 
“Shh…” 
Sebastian quickly tugged at her arm, and the two stopped in their tracks.
###Chapter 1158
Chapter 1158
Chapter 1158 Little Bastard 
Sasha and Sebastian then heard the conversation they were having. 
“Mr. Smith, why didn’t you agree to the president’s suggestion? Yariel doesn’t know anything and is messing everything up in the House!” 
“That’s right, Mr. Smith! The House is military, and a businessman like him doesn’t know anything about it. He has no right to tell us what to do!” 
“I think you should do it instead, Mr. Smith.” 
They were trying to persuade Carlos into staying as the head in the House. 
While Carlos didn’t say anything, the man pushing his wheelchair for him asked with a cold sneer, “What’s the rush? The president was the one who forced Yariel into that position. Now that he has pissed the president off, I doubt he’d be able to stay there for long!” 
“Oh, you’re right!” 
While they agreed with that statement, someone brought up another issue shortly after. 
“By the way, I think I saw Desmond’s wife sitting next to Elizabeth today!” 
“Oh, right! And Mrs. Oveson too! My goodness, what are they trying to do? Desmond has always been coveting the position of House Speaker. Do you think that they’re…” 
Everyone fell silent as they realized a new and more dangerous threat had arisen before the previous one was eliminated, and they all had gloomy looks on their faces.
Yariel was easy prey because he didn’t know anything, but Desmond had a lot of power and resources at his disposal due to his position as Minister of the Naval Force. 
If he were to form an alliance with the new leaders of the White House, then the position was as good as his. 
“Mr. Smith?” 
“Don’t worry, that guy doesn’t have what it takes!” 
Carlos chuckled coldly and reassured them that Desmond wouldn’t be able to get that position. 
How is he so confident? 
Sasha got curious and leaned forward to peek at Carlos’ expression when he said that, but Sebastian pulled her head back toward his chest. 
He only let go of her after those guys left, and she looked up at him with her shiny eyes as she asked, “What’s going on? Why do I have a feeling that this is no longer related to the Jadesons? Is something wrong with my head?” 
Sebastian let out a helpless sigh in response. 
Yup, she’s silly all right! I mean, she’s even starting to question herself! 
He then wrapped an arm around her and led her out of the corner as he said, “Maybe we’ve overlooked some issues.” 
“What issues?” 
“Hmm…” Sebastian frowned as he carried on walking.
How should I answer her question? Do I tell her that the person who was playing the part of the bad guy and isolated me from the guests is suspicious? No, I can’t say that. I need to find evidence first, and I should be able to get the information I want from that thing Calvin left in the White House. 
With that in mind, Sebastian quickly led Sasha out of the White House. 
Things started to get bad for Desmond and Axel after they left. Dozens of reports about Axel were submitted to the White House’s Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC) with evidence in that night alone. 
Jonathan went wide-eyed with shock when he heard about it the next day at the Oceanic Estate. 
“Reports? Who did this? Did they really do this?” 
Having spent his entire life being their superior, Jonathan couldn’t believe they would do such a thing. 
As a true soldier who defended his country, he had complete faith and trust in his soldiers, only to receive such a huge shock at this age. 
Jonathan fell silent for a really long time, and Sebastian ignored him completely. 
Moments later, they received word from the White House that the ACC had searched Desmond and Axel’s houses and found lots of antiques, property deeds, as well as land titles. 
“Is this a habit that soldiers tend to have?” he asked while pointing at the computer screen that he had been staring at for quite a while. 
Huh? 
Both Jonathan and Mark looked up and gathered around the computer upon hearing that.
Instead of a deployment diagram or pictures of the party from last night, they saw pictures of an office on the computer screen. 
Jonathan couldn’t help but notice that the office seemed a little familiar. 
“What is this?” 
“Silas’ office. Can’t you tell?” Sebastian rolled his eye at them in annoyance. 
Jonathan got so mad that he raised his hand and was about to slap Sebastian. 
This little b*stard… Does he have a death wish or something? I can’t believe he’s spying on the freaking president’s office! What, is he going to spy on the president’s bedroom next? 
“What are you doing?” 
Sebastian’s question snapped Jonathan out of it, causing him to place his hand back down.
###Chapter 1159
Chapter 1159
Chapter 1159 She Finally Admits That He Is Gone 
Jonathan and Mark then took a closer look at the footage and confirmed that their newly elected president was indeed a fellow soldier. 
“Since when was he a soldier? I don’t remember him being one,” Jonathan said while staring at the screen. 
Sebastian kept quiet and pulled up Silas’ files on the computer. 
Jonathan was speechless at the fact that he was able to easily go through the president’s files like it was some ordinary document. 
Mark was a little taken aback as well, but he didn’t react that strongly because he had seen lots of crazy stuff in life. 
The information on Silas was very complete, but none of it suggested that he used to be a soldier. In fact, Silas used to be a cadre in The Substratum and slowly worked his way up. 
Hmm… Now this is interesting… 
Sebastian went into deep thought. 
Realizing something wasn’t right, Mark asked, “Is there a problem? Should we investigate him?” 
“No, we can forget about this. You’ve all been stressed out lately, so you should all relax for a bit. Mark, you can go spend some time with your wife and kids.” 
“Huh?” 
Thinking he had misheard Sebastian, Mark stared at him in confusion.
What? He’s letting us go on vacation during such a crucial time? What the hell is he playing at? 
Mark couldn’t seem to wrap his head around Sebastian’s decision. 
Throughout the next few days, both Desmond and Axel were arrested, and the House was in a mess. 
Upon noticing the situation at the White House, Silas quickly told someone to have Sebastian take care of the incident. 
However, what really surprised everyone was the fact that Sebastian refused to get involved in the incident. He told Silas’ secretary that he would not take any action whatsoever, much to Silas’ frustration. 
Eventually, Silas had no choice but to go to Carlos for help. 
Because it was a matter of national security, Carlos did not refuse his request and promptly agreed to return to the White House. 
He then cleaned up the mess for the House and promoted two talented soldiers to take over Desmond and Axel’s positions. Just like that, the House was back to its original state within a week, much to the satisfaction of Silas and those at the Oceanic Estate. 
Sebastian was casually sipping on some tea while fishing by the observation tower when Sabrina came over. 
“Funny, why aren’t you working lately? Are you that free?” she asked with a frown. 
Sebastian placed his teacup down when he saw her. “What are you doing here?” 
“I came to get some fresh air,” Sabrina replied as she shifted her gaze toward the endless ocean and spaced out a little while holding her daughter in her arms.
Ten days had passed since Sabrina brought her daughter back. Although it wasn’t a very long period of time, she had at least learnt to carry her, feed her milk, and change her diapers. 
However, the sight of her daughter’s face, which largely resembled her dad, made her feel incredibly awful. 
I’m sorry, my daughter… I wasn’t able to bring your dad back… 
“You should head back before you catch a cold out here,” Sebastian ordered. He wasn’t about to let Sabrina behave recklessly as she was still in her immediate postpartum period, especially while carrying a baby in her arms. 
Sabrina simply glared him down coldly before turning around moments later. 
“By the way, did you know that Edmund has been arrested in Bellridge?” 
Sabrina stopped in her tracks. “Heh… What happens to him is none of my business!” 
Sebastian choked on his tea when he heard that. 
What the… How could she be so heartless? Edmund had looked after her for so long in Yorksland, and they even went through deadly situations together in Bellridge, but now… Her tone and expression makes it seem like they’re mortal enemies or something. What did he do to piss her off this time? 
Not only did Edmund’s words at the mall in Bellridge not touch her heart, but it actually made her feel a strong sense of humiliation when she regained consciousness. 
Furthermore, that sense of humiliation came from within herself. 
As much as Sabrina hated to admit it, Edmund’s words did actually tug at her heartstrings.
However, she was a married woman with a child, and her husband had only died not long ago. 
As such, she found it unforgivable for her to have such inappropriate feelings for another man and didn’t even want to hear about Edmund. 
Sabrina had instructed for the housemaids at Red Pavilion to clean the place up after her return, and one of them approached her the moment she carried her daughter back into the house.
###Chapter 1160
Chapter 1160
Chapter 1160 Widowed 
“The house is all cleaned up, Ms. Sabrina. Would you like to move in now?” 
“Sure.” Sabrina nodded and agreed to it right away. 
Olivia looked a little concerned when she heard that. “Ms. Hayes, would you maybe like to discuss this with Mrs. Jadeson when she returns before heading over? Bringing a baby over there seems a little…” 
“It’s fine, I have to go there sooner or later anyway,” Sabrina replied calmly and began packing her stuff. 
She had been like this since she regained consciousness that night. 
Sasha and Sebastian were worried about her having another fit at first, but all Sabrina did was stare blankly at the room around her before going to see her daughter. 
Although she remained calm and quiet like that ever since, she had become a lot less talkative. 
Sabrina then moved in to Red Pavilion with Jaena and unpacked their stuff. After getting a fresh change of clothes, she grabbed some flowers before leaving the house. 
Two of the security guards from Oceanic Estate came running over when they saw her step out of the front door and asked, “Shall we drive you there, Ms. Sabrina?” 
“No, I want to talk to him in private.” Sabrina shook her head and drove off in her own car. 
As it was almost winter, there were very few people on the city’s streets. Yellowed leaves rustled in the wind, and the drizzle made the wind so cold it chilled Sabrina to the bone.
She felt like her blood was going to freeze up as she continued driving toward the cemetery, and that feeling only intensified as she got closer. 
It was Sabrina’s first time visiting Devin’s grave as she had been in denial since his death. 
She refused to attend his funeral and didn’t want to be labeled as a widow on his gravestone. 
Devin’s grave looked very new and clean with no sign of weed anywhere. Sabrina finally broke down when she saw the picture of Devin smiling warmly in his military uniform, and she dropped the flowers to the floor. 
“Well, your wish has finally come true… You no longer have to see me anymore…” 
With her hands clutching her chest, Sabrina slowly knelt down before his gravestone. 
A man entered the cemetery all of a sudden and walked up to her when he saw her leaning against Devin’s gravestone. With an umbrella in hand, he glared down at her and said coldly, “You’re wrong. His wish was for his parents to be healthy so the three of them can return to the happy life they once had, not for all three of them to be buried six feet underground like this.” 
Sabrina spun around upon hearing the voice behind her, only to have her face turn pale instantly. 
“Waylon? W-What are you doing here?” 
“Is it that strange for me to be here? The gravestone you’re leaning against belongs to my nephew, and these two belong to my sister and my brother-in-law. What’s wrong with me coming over to keep their graves clean after their death?” Waylon asked with a blank look on his face. 
Those words stabbed at Sabrina’s heart like knives, and it hurt her so much that she could barely breathe.
What used to be a happy family of three is now… 
Sabrina shifted her gaze toward the other two gravestones and trembled when she saw that they belonged to Stephen and Jasmine. 
“No… No, that’s not… No…” 
“What do you mean ‘no’? Are you saying that the Hayes family has nothing to do with all this? In that case, let me tell you something. Do you know what my sister told her son before jumping to her death? She said she’d stop looking out for him in the afterlife if he continued to stick around with you people! You hear me? Devin died in the woods because he lost his mother’s blessings!” Waylon pointed at Devin’s gravestone as he said that. 
Sabrina found herself unable to say anything in response and simply glared at him with tear-filled eyes. 
Her chest felt like it was being crushed, and her pale body was trembling all over. 
Having been pushed to the limit with pain and sadness, Sabrina snapped and lost control of her body. 
By the time Sebastian had rushed over to the cemetery after finding out about her, Sabrina was long gone. 
The only thing left behind was Waylon’s lifeless body with his neck snapped. 
“Where is she?” 
Upon hearing Sebastian’s question, one of the security guards from Oceanic Estate stepped forward and showed him the security footage they had retrieved earlier. “According to the person in charge of the cemetery, a young man wearing glasses had carried her away. We’re trying to locate him right now.”
Sebastian was shocked when he saw the young man mentioned in the footage. 
Isaac?
###Chapter 1161
Chapter 1161
Chapter 1161 Last Words 
Sabrina was taken away by Isaac, who hadn’t shown himself for a very long time. 
He brought her straight to the hospital, and she was already fine by the time Sebastian arrived with his men. 
Being the bashful guy that he was, Isaac stammered as he explained to Sebastian, “Ms. Hayes was acting strange when I saw her earlier, so I brought her here immediately. I’m sorry I didn’t have time to call you about this, Mr. Hayes.” 
Sebastian shot him a cold glare and asked after making sure that Sabrina was fine, “What happened? Did you kill that guy?” 
“N-No! It wasn’t me…” Isaac was so scared that he quickly denied that statement. 
However, what he said next shocked everyone. 
“M-Ms. Hayes was the one who killed him… She had already snapped his neck by the time I got there. Then, she was going to make a run for it, so I grabbed her for fear of her losing control again…” 
Isaac then rolled up his sleeves and motioned at Sebastian to look at his arm. 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes and squinted as he examined the wound. 
Hmm… This injury does look recent, but… She was fine earlier today, so why did she lose control again? Why would Waylon appear at the cemetery all of a sudden? Also, when did Isaac arrive? Did he really just happen to stumble upon Sabrina like that?
“I… I came looking for Ms. Hayes… I heard about what happened to her… I’ve been wanting to see her a few months ago, but she wasn’t in Jadeborough… I only came over today after finding out where she was.” 
All it took was a sharp gaze from Sebastian for Isaac to tell him everything while holding his head in fear. 
Sebastian found himself at a loss for words after hearing what he said. 
I know Isaac has feelings for Sabrina. He knew she was pregnant with Devin’s child back then, but insisted on staying by her side anyway. He even decided to marry her in the end, but… Alas, he was too cowardly and fell victim to his parents’ acts of sabotage. If they had successfully gotten together, then Devin’s tragedy might’ve been preventable… 
With that in mind, Sebastian decided to not ask any further questions. 
Sabrina finally came to about half an hour later, and Sebastian quickly asked her about what happened at the cemetery earlier. 
However, Sabrina simply stared blankly at the ceiling above and seemed to still be in a daze. Sebastian tried calling out to her several times, but she showed no response whatsoever. 
“Mr. Hayes, she looked like she was having a huge fight with the man when I got there. Maybe we should let her rest for a little while longer?” Isaac suggested when he saw the state she was in. 
Sebastian’s expression turned gloomy, but he agreed to it after taking another glance at Sabrina’s condition. 
Sabrina then spent the rest of the day in the hospital while Isaac stayed by her side.
Sasha was shocked when she received the news in Oceanic Estate. “Isaac is just trying to take advantage of Devin’s absence to get with Sabrina, isn’t he?” 
Despite her silly personality, Sasha was surprisingly sharp when it came to certain things. 
Sebastian rubbed his brows in exhaustion as he took his coat off. 
“That’s impossible.” 
“Huh? Why is it impossible? I remember Isaac being really nice to her back then. Had it not been for his parents getting in the way, they would’ve been a couple long ago! Now that…” 
“Like I said, that’s impossible! Do not bring up this topic ever again!” 
Sebastian’s tone grew serious and impatient all of a sudden, much to Sasha’s surprise. 
What’s going on? Why is he so mad all of a sudden? He has never lost his temper with me since he regained consciousness, so why is he… 
Sasha did feel a little hurt by his attitude at the time, but she was no longer the spoilt young girl she used to be, especially after everything she had been through. 
As such, she decided to do as told and dropped the topic. 
She then made Sebastian a warm glass of milk and placed it on the table with two of his favorite books before attending to her children in the nursery downstairs. 
Vivian had turned eight and could sleep without an adult keeping her company. 
She happily nuzzled against Sasha’s chest when she saw her and asked, “Why are you able to come downstairs tonight, Mommy? Don’t you have to spend time with Daddy?”
Sasha felt a little guilty when she heard that. 
Oh, man… Look at how much she’s matured… I must’ve neglected her for a really long time… 
She then hugged her daughter tightly and snuggled under the warm cover with her.
###Chapter 1162
Chapter 1162
Chapter 1162 Reel In The Catch 
After some time when the two seemed to have drifted off, a tall figure pushed the door open, walked over to them, and picked up the woman hogging her daughter’s bed. 
“Daddy…” 
Vivian hadn’t fallen asleep completely. 
Seeing that, Sebastian bent over to tuck the girl in. He then kissed her on the forehead. 
“Get some rest. I’ll be taking Mommy back with me now.” 
“Okay, Daddy. Be nice to Mommy. The comic book I read said that girls should always be treated nicely, so don’t be mean to her.” 
The girl was clearly growing up; she could even school her own father now. 
Sebastian felt exasperated and amused at the same time. Ultimately, he couldn’t resist his daughter’s puppy eyes and nodded, promising to do as she asked. Then, he left with the woman. 
I really shouldn’t have. 
How could I have lost my temper at her back then just because I was in a bad mood? 
Feeling guilty, the man carried his wife upstairs and was about to tuck her underneath the blanket, for it was extremely cold here, unlike in Avenport. 
But just as he bent over and was about to put her down, he felt a movement in his arms. 
Is she pretending to be asleep?
Sebastian immediately stopped in his tracks and stared at her intently from above. 
She’s faking it! 
Feeling a fiery gaze on her, Sasha tensed up before finally opening her eyes. 
“Hehe… I really was asleep. I swear.” 
“Were you?” the man drawled, a hint of danger in his voice. 
Sasha fell silent. 
As alarm bells set off in her head, she tried to dive underneath the blanket, but Sebastian pinned her down and began smothering her with kisses. 
That was the price she had to pay for pretending to be asleep. 
The next morning, Sasha woke up feeling so sore that she barely had the strength to get out of bed. 
“Are you awake, Madam?” 
“Yeah,” Sasha replied, a faint blush spreading across her cheeks. “Where’s Sebastian?” 
Olivia pointed toward the stairs. “I’m not sure what happened, but he left first thing in the morning.” 
Sasha froze. 
Has he gone to pick Sabrina up? 
That was what she assumed, at least. Sebastian hadn’t returned to the White House ever since he let go of his responsibilities there, so the only reason he’d leave home this early had to be because of Sabrina.
It was only when noon came that Sasha realized she had made the wrong guess. 
Indeed, Sabrina had left the hospital, but Sebastian wasn’t the one who had picked her up; rather, it was Isaac who had sent her back to the Red Pavilion after she insisted on returning there. 
Sebastian, on the other hand, had boarded a helicopter early in the morning and headed to Bellridge, Zarain. 
The man couldn’t remember how long he had cast this large net for. 
Still, he knew what he was after—to catch the biggest fish and tear it into pieces. On top of that, he intended to do it inside the same forest where his own people had been killed. 
That forest was stained with the Jadesons’ blood, and naturally, he was going to make his enemies pay. 
The helicopter traveled at an incredible speed and arrived at the forest by noon. 
With the aircraft hovering above the trees, Sebastian observed the situation below with a pair of binoculars. There, he saw an army green Jeep making its way over on the main road. Sebastian’s eyes turned bloodshot as he saw a man covered in blood being dragged along outside the vehicle. 
“Isn’t that… Karl Frost!?” 
The pilot in front gasped in horror as he noticed it too. 
Without another word, Sebastian put the binoculars down and grabbed the sniper rifle next to him. 
Meanwhile, the people inside the Jeep down below cursed in anger. “That lunatic, Yariel, has been watching us the whole time! We’re dead if this guy out here turns out to be one of his men!”
“That’s not happening. He won’t make it out of the forest alive today!” 
“We should get something out of him before killing him, though. Yariel’s way too terrifying, and I bet he’s got lots of traps laid out for us. We’re dead meat if we don’t manage to find out what he’s up to.” 
The man who spoke last gave a signal, and someone in the back of the Jeep proceeded to swing an iron rod at Karl, intending to break the latter’s legs. 
Suddenly, a loud gunshot rang out. Bang! 
The iron rod never reached Karl’s limbs. 
Instead, the man holding the weapon collapsed—right after having his head blown into pieces by a bullet.
###Chapter 1163
Chapter 1163
Chapter 1163 Killing Spree 
“We’re under attack! Get ready! Now!” 
Chaos erupted on the road in an instant. 
The people inside the Jeep leaped out after hearing the commotion behind, only to be dumbfounded as they saw their dead comrade. 
“What the hell happened? There’s someone else around here other than us?” 
Yet, no one could answer that. After all, everyone had long been thrown into panic, nor did they have any idea who had just attacked them. 
“Make a phone call and find out if those guys are behind this, Benedict.” 
Dressed in traditional wear, a man who looked like he was in his seventies got out of the Jeep with the help of a cane and spoke to the person who had alighted the vehicle first. 
It was the same elderly man from the casino. 
After being given a reminder, Benedict whipped out his phone and prepared to make a call. 
Suddenly, the sound of another gunshot pierced the air. 
Bang! 
Another bullet came flying their way, and Benedict watched as his hand holding onto the phone detached itself from his arm. 
“Arghhhh!”
That was the most agonizing pain he had felt his entire life. 
Everyone else including the old man with the cane jumped in fright as the scene unfolded in front of their very eyes. 
A sniper rifle! 
This is a sniper rifle! 
The elderly man noticed something unusual about Benedict’s broken wrist. Apart from blood spewing out of it uncontrollably, there was also something blue surrounding it. It’s the exact same kind of bullet we developed! 
“Hurry! There’s a sniper around here! Everyone hide!” Fear finally surged within him as he ordered everyone to run for cover before hopping back into the Jeep. 
Unfortunately, it was too late by now. 
Right after the ambush on Benedict, the sounds of marching footsteps resonated from the top of the mountain. Soon, everyone spotted a series of gold badges shining brightly under the sun. 
The badges embedded on each helmet struck fear in every person who laid eyes on them—as though its bearers were gods who had descended from heaven. 
Oh, my God. Aren’t these special forces? 
Having forgotten about his pain, Benedict clutched his bleeding arm and leaped back into the Jeep. 
“It’s the Jadesons! Retreat! I repeat; retreat!” A panic-stricken voice resonated across the main road. 
Indeed, the country’s special forces pretty much represented the Jadesons.
That was because Devin used to be the army’s top-level commander before his demise. 
In fact, Shin also used to lead this very same team. 
Benedict began to regret ever coming here. How he wanted to disappear right away! 
Alas, it was too late; the formidable army had already arrived before he could even make his way inside the Jeep. Standing on the top of the mountain, the troops began firing at the scumbags who tried to escape. 
Bang! Bang! Bang! 
“Arghh!” 
“Ugh!” 
Words couldn’t describe the horrifying scene. 
Indeed, it was an utterly gruesome and ruthless sight. 
But if one were to learn of all the atrocious crimes this group had committed, one would only believe that the fates of these monsters were nothing but well-deserved. 
Sebastian descended from the helicopter only after his enemies had been taken care of. He then walked toward the Jeep with his rifle in his hands. 
“Y-Yariel?” 
Special forces had wiped out every single person except for those hiding inside the Jeep.
Sebastian smirked as he saw the middle-aged man cowering inside the vehicle. Then, his gaze fell on the person next to Benedict. 
Who’s that? 
Sebastian had never met him. 
However, it only took him one glance at the elderly man’s missing thumb to realize who this person was. The latter didn’t seem particularly nervous to see Sebastian either. 
“So, you geezers are the ones behind all this.” 
Sebastian didn’t sound furious; in fact, there wasn’t a single hint of emotion on his face. He merely said a few words to the man whose identity he had guessed. 
It was now that the latter grew anxious. 
“You know who I am?” 
“Do you think you’re worthy of being known?” Sebastian lowered his head and inserted a bullet into his rifle. 
The bullet had a red tip and was slimmer and longer than a normal bullet. There was also a blue line surrounding its rear, making it look especially appealing. 
The old man’s face paled instantly.
###Chapter 1164
Chapter 1164
Chapter 1164 Ten Medals 
“I heard that back when Chanaea was founded, the new government gave out ten medals to commemorate the heroes who had fought for the country and contributed to it outstandingly. These people initially wanted to stay behind and build the nation, but one of them later suggested keeping a low profile to avoid suspicion because they didn’t want citizens to think that they were setting up their regime for their own glory and wealth. That was why the ten medalists eventually chose not to remain in the White House and returned to being average countrymen.” 
Sebastian’s lips curled into a smirk as he spoke. 
The elderly man inside the Jeep grew increasingly tense, his face turning pale, red, and back to pale within a matter of seconds. 
That was right; it was precisely for this reason that the ten of them had returned. 
Unfortunately, their evil intentions were discovered after several decades. 
“How shameless could you guys be? If you wanted a regime, you could’ve just said so. Why did you have to resort to such trickery? You turned down the offer when you had a chance, and then you used such despicable methods in the end. Do you take Chanaea as your plaything? Do you think you get to do whatever you want with our whole country?” 
Right after saying the last sentence, Sebastian pulled the trigger. 
“Ahhhh!” 
The vehicle’s glass shattered instantly following a loud bang.
The elderly man sitting inside the Jeep wailed in agony as he clutched his bleeding thigh. Benedict looked on, completely petrified. 
Once again, he was witnessing how ruthless Sebastian could be. 
“Don’t worry. I haven’t used the real deal. You can still save that leg of yours if you cooperate. But if you don’t, I’ll show you what it feels like to have your whole body rot.” 
Sebastian kept his rifle away while reminding them that he hadn’t used the special bullet. 
Even so, his tone was more than enough to make their blood run cold. 
It was as though the bullet would really penetrate the old man’s body if he refused to obey Sebastian; this was exactly what the former had done to those people in the forest back then. 
And now, Sebastian wanted him to die the most painful death possible and turn into a rotten corpse. 
The old man shuddered for a long while before staring straight into Sebastian’s eyes. 
“What makes you think your grandfather is any better than us? He may have stayed behind all these years and given the Jadesons all the power and wealth that they have now, but do you really think he’s completely innocent?” 
“What did you say?” 
Ultimately, it was this man’s words that made Sebastian lose all his patience. 
“Jonathan Jadeson?” 
He stood up and laughed like a maniac.
“How dare you compare yourselves to him? You’re right; he brought the Jadeson family to the top after you left. But he’s never done anything to betray the country, and he’s certainly never done anything to hurt our people. The country enjoyed peace all these years under his command of the army! He should never be compared with scumbags like you!” 
Bang! 
With that, Sebastian pulled the trigger again. 
Blood splattered everywhere. 
This time, he had sent the bullet straight into the old man’s chest. 
The latter’s eyes widened in fear and disbelief, as though he refused to accept the fact that this young man had actually shot him. 
I’m the big fish he finally managed to capture! 
How could he kill me just like this? 
His body convulsed as his organs and flesh began to rot due to the bullet. Screams of pain rang out from within the Jeep. 
“W-Why?” 
“Why?” Sebastian suddenly felt much better after personally taking care of the old scum. 
“Did you think I kept you alive just so I can find your accomplices? Let me tell you this—if I could capture you, what makes you think I can’t do the same to the others? It’s just ten medals; I’ll just overthrow the regime and get rid of them all.”
This man is insane! 
After a long period of torment, the old man died with his eyes wide open, as though he had seen something utterly frightening in his last moments. 
This guy really is a lunatic! 
Why did we get on his bad side? 
By now, Benedict was so petrified that he couldn’t think straight. He could only clutch his own head and cower in fear, knowing that he wouldn’t even be given a chance to beg for mercy. 
“Where’s your son?” asked Sebastian. 
Benedict flew back to his senses right away.
###Chapter 1165
Chapter 1165
Chapter 1165 Friend 
“D-Don’t kill my son. I’m begging you! I did everything on my own. None of these has anything to do with him, so please! H-He’s saved your sister once, so let him off, would you?” 
“Okay.” 
That was certainly an unexpected response. 
Benedict immediately breathed a huge sigh of relief. 
“But you’ll have to tell every member of the Cooper family who knows you that Devin Jadeson will be taking over your duties from now on. I’ll let him off if you do that. What do you say?” 
While speaking, Sebastian bent over and handed Benedict a document that he had prepared long ago. 
Benedict stilled for a moment. 
He then became dumbfounded as he realized what the document was—a will. 
“You…” 
He finally understood the gravity of his mistakes. 
To think that he once thought of Sebastian as nothing but a pawn at his disposal. Clearly, he was wrong. 
However, that wasn’t the worst thing. 
What infuriated him most was the way this madman smiled at him after putting away the will he had just signed.
“You don’t seem to find it strange.” 
“What?” 
“Well, he’s your son. All these things would eventually belong to him anyway, but I still got you to sign the will. Don’t you find it strange?” Sebastian remarked craftily. 
Benedict froze. 
Perhaps because the person next to him had just died such a gruesome death, he found himself unable to comprehend Sebastian’s words. 
The madman then walked away, and a soldier showed up in his place as two other men attended to Karl. 
It was only when they carried Karl away that Benedict came to his senses. 
“Yariel! I want you dead!” 
As soon as his screams rang out from the Jeep, a bullet came flying in his direction. 
The road finally returned to silence, and nothing could be heard except for the sounds of birds fluttering in the air due to the gunshot. 
Karl was brought over to Sebastian, but the former was so gravely injured that he couldn’t speak. 
“Take him to the chopper and head back to Chanaea.” 
“Yes, Mr. Jadeson.” 
Under Sebastian’s orders, the two soldiers carried Karl into the helicopter.
A sense of relief washed over Karl, and he passed out as soon as he was brought into the aircraft. 
Within about ten minutes, the remaining soldiers burned every body and vehicle. Sebastian then instructed everyone to leave as he remained on the road, waiting for someone. 
No one knew who he was waiting for, but he looked especially calm. 
On this very road, the man smiled faintly as he gazed at the curves of the mountain while basking in the sunset. 
From that, one could tell that the person he was waiting for was someone that would surely make him happy. 
As expected, a black SUV emerged about five minutes later and made its way over under the setting sun. 
Seeing that, Sebastian lit a cigarette. 
Hiss… 
Suddenly, he felt something like an electric current trickle into his ear. 
What was that? 
He froze in his tracks. 
But before the man could find out what was happening, he felt something piercing his brain, and what quickly followed was a tremendous wave of pain surging within his chest, causing him to fall on one knee. 
What the hell is going on?
A look of panic crossed his pale face. Given that everything had been in his control all this while, it wasn’t unusual for him to feel this way in a sudden turn of events. 
Did I miss something out? 
Did those guys know I’d be here? Are the other nine medal holders nearby? 
Sebastian tried to escape as a series of questions flooded his mind. 
Yet, it was too late. He was beginning to see stars due to the pain in his chest, and blood soon trickled out of his nostrils. 
“Sebastian!” 
Fortunately, the black SUV arrived just in time. 
Sebastian fell on one knee while clutching his chest tightly, a pained expression spreading across his face. The man inside the vehicle dashed toward him. 
“Sebastian! Are you okay? What happened?” he asked, holding onto Sebastian. 
“Over…here…” Sebastian looked up, fighting the severe pain coming from his chest. 
“I just found out that there’s a nuclear power plant right beneath us. It probably detected the metal plate inside you from your previous surgery. I’ll get you out of here right away!” 
While explaining, the man carried Sebastian on his back.
###Chapter 1166
Chapter 1166
Chapter 1166 Love Rival 
Sebastian was in so much pain that his consciousness waned. 
Instead of struggling, he let the man carry him on his back, and the two headed to the car. 
Yet, just as they arrived next to the SUV, a buzzing noise could be heard. And suddenly—boom! 
The vehicle exploded. 
Godd*mmit! I’m going to blow this entire mountain up the next time I come here. 
That was what Sebastian thought as the explosion sent him flying. Then, he passed out. 
Nuclear waves were indeed frightening. 
One could consider the potentials of nuclear power. 
But as of now, human beings would only use such a thing for the betterment of mankind rather than for destruction, and whatever was happening in this forest’s underground plant was certainly referring to the latter. 
That was what Edmund had discovered after being captured by those men. 
Cough, cough! 
“You’re awake.” 
Edmund immediately got up from his seat and rushed to the side of the bed. 
Indeed, Sebastian had woken up.
But for the next few minutes, the man’s handsome face looked utterly grim as he lay in bed. 
Blerghh! 
After a few coughs, he also vomited a mouthful of blood and foam. 
Edmund hastily poured a glass of warm water, took out his container of pills, and returned to the bedside. 
“Here. Take one of these.” 
“What…is this?” 
With his mouth filled with the metallic taste of blood and his chest feeling as though it were on fire, Sebastian instinctively refused to take the blue pill. 
Regardless of that, Edmund shoved the pill straight into the man’s mouth. 
“Ugh!” 
“Swallow it. Don’t you remember? You’re the one who gave me this medication. You told me that Xayden from SteelFort created it just for me so I could cope with the side effects of the nuclear waves. I’ve taken these pills for months now.” 
While explaining, Edmund casually popped one of the pills into his own mouth. 
Sebastian was dumbstruck. 
F*ck! 
Eventually, he swallowed the pill too.
As soon as he did, the burning sensation in his chest disappeared, and so did the metallic taste in his throat. He felt much better now. 
Then, he sat up and took a sip of water. 
“So, this nuclear power plant is their military factory? 
“That’s right.” 
Responding with silence, Sebastian felt a wave of fury surge within him, and he gripped his fists so tightly that his knuckles cracked. 
Still, he couldn’t help but feel curious. Why didn’t anything happen when he first arrived in the forest? He had even brought so many men with him to kill the tenth medalist and Benedict. 
What’s going on? 
“The factory was built not too long ago. There wasn’t much going on when I first followed them in there. The bullet I got shot with back then was probably their first batch of trial weapons.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yeah. Also, the plant produces nuclear waves only when it’s running. Karl was captured when he tried to protect me during my second attempt to sneak in there. I’m guessing they realized you had your eye on them after they got him, so they wanted to destroy the plant.” 
Edmund explained his findings as he recalled the events. 
That really is a possibility. 
If people found out about this plant, I wouldn’t be the only one going after them. The whole world might work together and capture them. They’d be finished if that happened.
That’s why destroying the plant would be their best bet. 
They probably intended to set the plant to self-destruct mode only after we’ve left, so that no one would find out what they were up to. 
But they didn’t expect me to stay behind. 
Enlightened, Sebastian remained seated in bed. He would have asked many more questions if his chest weren’t hurting now. 
These b*stards! 
It wasn’t safe here, so Sebastian wanted to return to Chanaea once he woke up. 
Edmund appeared hesitant. 
“What? You don’t want to go back?” 
“I do, but… Is that it? You’ve only managed to lure one of them out. Are you not going after the rest?” Edmund asked with a frown. 
Yet, the man who was much younger than him smirked. 
“Why should I? They’re just a bunch of geezers. I’ll have you know that I wiped out everyone on that mountain today, and I have no intention of hiding my tracks when I get back to Jadeborough. I’d like to see who’s stronger—the country’s entire military force, or these underground shrimps.” 
Sebastian’s eyes flashed with murderous intent as he said the last sentence. 
Still, it wasn’t wrong of him to feel that way. He wanted justice to prevail. That sort of light was what everyone needed.
Ultimately, Edmund returned to Chanaea with Sebastian. 
It was also because the latter had dragged him into this right. 
However, there was another reason—someone back home was already about to go on a killing spree. 
F*ck! 
Even a refined man like him couldn’t help but cuss.
###Chapter 1167
Chapter 1167
Chapter 1167 Controlling Wife 
Sebastian had prepared himself upon returning to Oceanic Estate in Jadeborough, but as soon as he arrived at the door, the woman stormed out like a tigress. 
He quivered slightly while taking a few steps back. 
Mark’s eyelid twitched as he watched the scene unfold, for this was his first time seeing the mighty Sebastian Jadeson cower before his own wife. 
“Wait, Darling… Listen to what I have to say—” 
“Shut your mouth! I’m going to kill you, Sebastian!” 
Right after that, the woman’s fists rained on him. 
Everyone in Oceanic Estate turned their heads away silently—until Sasha stood on her toes and dragged her husband into the house by the ear. 
Alas, the onlookers burst into laughter. 
Even Jonathan’s lips couldn’t help but twitch so much that he had to look away to conceal his smile. 
That little b*stard deserves it! 
As the couple vanished from sight, Jonathan’s gaze eventually fell on a man getting out of the car. They had finally met again after several months, and despite this man looking completely different now, Jonathan felt a flare of sudden overwhelming emotion wash over him. He trembled as he stared at the man, tears streaming down his face. 
“Quick. Tell him to come in,” he muttered to Mark, who was standing right beside him.
But how could an outsider come in? 
Edmund may have returned to Jadeborough, but he now had a different face and identity. He couldn’t pop in at a time like this. 
“Please pull yourself together for now, Old Mr. Jadeson,” Mark could only advise as tears brimmed in his eyes. 
Alas, it was these very words that broke the elderly man down. 
Meanwhile, Edmund’s eyes reddened as he stared at Jonathan, and his chest heaved. 
But as Mark had said, he couldn’t do anything unseemly. All he could do now was to pretend to be the illegitimate son of one of Jonathan’s associates and gaze at the elderly man from afar. 
“I think it’s best to get back into the car, Mr. Cooper,” advised the Oceanic Estate security guard who had escorted him here. 
Edmund gritted his teeth. 
Just as he was about to enter the vehicle, a figure rushed over with a three-month-old baby in her hands. 
“Wait! Are you returning to the Cooper residence? Please let me come along. I have to take Ms. Sabrina’s child back to the Red Pavilion.” 
It was Wendy. 
Edmund’s eyes widened as his mind buzzed. He gazed down at the baby and stopped moving. 
This is… Jaena?
Seeing the man’s reaction, Wendy placed the child in his arms and hopped into the car. 
“Let’s go, Mr. Cooper. It’s cold outside. The baby’s going to freeze.” 
“Okay,” Edmund responded after what felt like an eternity as he carried the little girl in his arms. 
Then, with tense shoulders, he carefully entered the vehicle with the child. 
What he felt was indescribable. 
During his numerous sleepless nights, the man would imagine holding this child in his embrace, like how he would carry a small animal or a military puppy. 
But of course, none of those could ever compare to carrying a baby. 
That was why he felt even worse after waking up. 
But now, his dream had finally come true. The child felt so soft in his arms and had a milky fragrance. It was like she had instantly become his entire world. 
“She now weighs eighteen pounds at less than three months, Mr. Cooper. She drinks 120 milliliters of milk during each feeding.” 
Seeing the way he couldn’t stop looking at Jaena, Wendy began to talk about the baby’s daily life. 
Edmund immediately paid attention to her words. 
“Really?” he asked, his voice trembling slightly. 
Wendy nodded. “Yup. She can even communicate! She’s adorable. This little lady responds whenever you say something to her, and she does this little dance with her hands and legs. She’s very much like
Ms. Sabrina when she was a baby.” 
Wendy was a housemaid living with the Hayeses. She had watched Sabrina and Sebastian grow up. 
Hence, while talking about Jaena, she couldn’t help but bring up the child’s mother too. 
Edmund fell silent. 
He couldn’t help but extend a finger, wanting to poke the baby’s face so she would wake up and smile at him. 
Eventually, the man decided against it after seeing how soundly she slept, and he continued to hold onto her until they arrived at the Red Pavilion.
###Chapter 1168
Chapter 1168
Chapter 1168 Is That You 
“We’re here, Mr. Cooper.” 
Seeing that they had arrived, Wendy had no choice but to ask for the child. 
Edmund appeared reluctant. 
In the end, he couldn’t help but give the baby a gentle kiss on the forehead before giving her back to Wendy. 
“By the way, where’s her mother? Hasn’t she come back? What was Jaena doing in Oceanic Estate, anyway?” 
Wendy, who was just about to alight the vehicle, looked avoidant as soon as she heard that. 
Being the sharp-minded man he was, Edmund immediately realized something was up, and he stopped the woman. 
“What happened? Is she okay?” 
“Calm down, Mr. Cooper. Ms. Sabrina’s…doing okay. It’s just that when she went to your—Mr. Devin’s grave after coming back, his uncle, Waylon, came looking for her. I don’t know what happened exactly, but they ended up in a fight, and Ms. Sabrina was eventually hospitalized. She’s been depressed ever since she went home, and she doesn’t seem to want to talk to anyone now.” 
Unable to hide the truth, Wendy explained everything to Edmund. 
Indeed, Sabrina hadn’t been talking much as of late, nor did she bother with anything at all ever since she left the hospital. The woman appeared fine, but she would often just sit somewhere quietly.
Sometimes, she would remain in a daze for the entire day, not doing anything even if her child was crying. 
That was why Jaena had to be brought back to Oceanic Estate. 
Sigh… 
Wendy felt concerned for the child. 
But she certainly didn’t expect the man who had remained calm all this while to suddenly lose his cool. 
Edmund’s face grew increasingly pale as his pupils dilated in fear. 
Before Wendy and the chauffeur could even react, he opened the car door and sprinted into the Red Pavilion. 
“Mr. Cooper! Wait, Mr. Cooper!” 
“Come back!” 
The two were beyond stunned, especially Wendy. 
The woman hastily ran after Edmund while carrying the baby. 
Yet, Edmund was nowhere to be seen, for he had long made his way up the stairs in just ten seconds. 
On top of that, he had managed to grab the exact key to Sabrina’s room—or rather, the room Devin used to stay in—under the stupefied gazes of all the housemaids. 
“Sabrina! Open the door, Sabrina!”
Upon realizing that the door was locked, the man proceeded to bang on it, trying to get the woman to come out. 
Yet, he was met with silence. 
The housemaids stood downstairs anxiously as they watched him, unsure whether or not to tell him that Sabrina had locked herself up in that room for several days. 
Moreover, they could only leave all her meals outside her door. 
“Sabrina!” yelled Edmund. 
Not receiving a single response after a long while, he swung a foot toward the door. 
Bang! 
As the door flew open, a pungent stench wafted into his nostrils, accompanied by harrowing darkness. Edmund’s mind went blank. 
Is she insane? 
What the hell is she doing? Weren’t we apart for just a few days? 
All these years, the man never feared the bullets of his enemies, nor did he ever cover from any inhuman torture he received. But now, what he just saw instantly made him weak at the knees. 
The room looked like the abyss—so dark that no light could ever escape it. Edmund was filled with so much fear that he couldn’t even stand up straight. 
That was because he knew that she had also encountered such a scenario in Bellridge.
“Sabrina…” 
Edmund stumbled into the room, fumbling around in the dark for the light switch before flipping it with his quivering hand. 
Click! 
The room lit up at once. 
But as soon as the tall, unswerving man took a good look inside the room, his eyes widened in terror, and he broke down. 
What met him was the sight of his woman lying in bed. She hadn’t touched anything else in the room, nor had she done anything to hurt herself. However, right next to her was a black-and-white photo—the same one that hung inside the mourning hall. 
And just like that, she held onto it as though she was embracing the person in the photo. 
Next to her bed were a bunch of wilted olive leaves. 
What have I done? 
Trembling violently with tears tricking down his face, Edmund walked toward her slowly. Then, he bent over and pulled her into his arms from behind. 
“Devin? Is… Is that you?” the half-conscious woman asked as she felt her body being hugged.
###Chapter 1169
Chapter 1169
Chapter 1169 Medal 
Hearing her words, the man trembled and tightened his embrace. “I’m back. I’m back. I’m so sorry,” he murmured. 
“Devin, it’s fine. I know I was wrong. Please don’t get mad. When I meet your mom, I-I’ll make sure to explain to her that it was all my fault and ask her to protect you…” Sabrina rambled on. 
Her words seemed like a promise and repentance for her wrongdoings. 
My mom? Why did she bring up my mom all of a sudden? 
The man was slightly confused, but he realized she must have been provoked again, and it was much more serious than that time in Bellridge. 
Why did I send her back here? 
Feeling as if someone had stabbed a knife through his heart, he pulled Sabrina into his embrace wordlessly. For a long moment, he remained silent as he gazed at her face. Finally, he bent down and kissed her. 
At last, Sabrina’s eyes widened. Immediately, she kept her gaze fixated intensely on the man’s face. 
Back at Oceanic Estate, this sudden news reached Sebastian. However, he made no comment about it and temporarily stationed SteelFort’s men at Red Pavilion instead. 
“Will it be fine if he returns to the Coopers?” Mark asked worriedly. 
“What’s the worst that can happen? They are only a few women. Now that Benedict is dead, a funeral is inevitable. There will be people coming to poke their noses into the Coopers’ affairs. You should warn
him to be careful,” Sebastian replied nonchalantly while toying with a medal in his hand. 
Mark stole a glance at the medal and noticed a small mouse carved on its surface. The sight filled him with worry, and he could feel a pounding headache creeping up his head. 
“They really are something else. What do you plan on doing next? How are you going to obtain the other nine medals?” 
“It’s easy.” Sebastian shrugged. “Once Edmund takes over Benedict’s position, I will remove Carlos from the picture. This way, Congress will fall into our hands. The nine medals will be mine for the taking.” 
Cold sweat trickled down Mark’s forehead. Gosh, his plan is simple yet brutal. I’m sure those geezers will have a heart attack if they overhear this. 
However, he had to admit that Sebastian’s plan was effective and viable. 
Though, I’m sure no one is as deranged as him. 
Following Sebastian’s instructions, Mark planted a spy at the Coopers’ funeral. 
Similarly, Edmund began his preparations to leave Red Pavilion. Before that, he had changed the bedroom’s curtains and bedsheets to a brighter color, bringing life to it. 
He then glanced at the babbling baby on the bed and shifted his gaze toward Sabrina. She was standing before the table in a daze. 
“I’ll be leaving now.” 
Sabrina was in the middle of preparing a bottle of formula when Edmund’s words snapped her out of her daze.
It took a long time before she finally lifted her head. 
She still found this entire notion somewhat unbelievable. 
Whenever Sabrina looked up, a face different from the one in her memory greeted her. Even though a day had passed, she still found it difficult to wrap her head around it. 
“Okay,” she murmured and looked down again. 
Edmund heaved a heavy sigh. 
Yet, he did not try to continue his explanation. Instead, he made his way to the room’s safe and entered the password. 
Once the metal door swung open, he removed an from it. 
“Here,” Edmund said as he showed it to Sabrina. 
What? 
Instinctively, Sabrina looked down and caught sight of a gold medal. Under the lights, its shiny surface gleamed brightly. Promptly, she felt her heartbeat quicken. 
Once again, Devin asked her the same question in earnest, “Do you still remember the last time I tried to give it to you? You told me that you didn’t want it. Right now, I’m giving it to you once more. Make sure you keep it safely, all right?” 
Edmund… No, he’s not Edmund. He’s Devin! 
Sabrina bit her bottom lip as tears began to stream down her cheeks. Wordlessly, she reached out and accepted the medal she had rejected in the past.
As soon as the medal was in her hand, she clutched it tightly. 
“Do you believe me now?” 
“Y-Yeah.” Sabrina nodded with teary eyes. 
She’s still the same silly woman I’ve grown to love. 
Devin bent down and kissed her sweetly before he bade them farewell. With that, he made his way to the Coopers. 
Sabrina watched Devin’s departure from the balcony with her daughter in her arms. 
After his figure vanished from her sight, she smiled at her daughter. “Look, aren’t you impressed with Mom? I brought your dad back home,” she whispered. 
Benedict’s sudden death threw his family into a state of utter chaos. 
After all, he had amassed a mountain of wealth through illegal means. After his passing, countless people dropped by the Coopers residence as they longed to obtain a piece of Benedict’s wealth for themself. 
Unfortunately, the women in the Cooper family could not fend themselves against the greedy horde. 
Devin chose this moment to make an appearance.
###Chapter 1170
Chapter 1170
Chapter 1170 Have You Fallen Ill 
“Why is he here? Isn’t he an illegitimate child?” 
“I heard that he has Benedict’s will!” 
“Will? Benedict has never mentioned a will before. Besides, who knows where he got it from? It might be forged!” 
“You are right. It looks like this bastard is here to pocket all of his father’s wealth!” 
Edmund’s appearance sparked gossip. Everyone bombarded him with criticisms, suspecting that he had something to do with Benedict’s death and that he was merely here to take all the Coopers’ wealth for himself. 
Though Devin played a hand in orchestrating Benedict’s death, he could not care less about the Coopers’ pitiful inheritance. 
The Jadesons were much more well-off than the Coopers. 
Devin swept a cold gaze across the women, who had been petrified because of the other Coopers. Casually, he made his way to the living room and took a seat. 
“Pocket? I am the son he raised for over twenty years. Though I am his illegitimate son, I’ve lived a better life than these three women.” He pointed at the women huddled in the corner. “If the wealth isn’t going to me, do you really think that he’s giving it to you?” Devin drawled as he crossed his legs. 
“Y-You!” The crowd choked with fury when they heard his belittling words. Even the women flushed in embarrassment.
However, they could not refute him. 
After all, Benedict had always been biased toward his illegitimate son. 
Seeing that the horde still refused to budge, Devin drew a gun from his pocket and began to polish it as the Coopers bickered amongst themselves. 
Finally, the crowd caught sight of the deadly gun clasped in his hands. Is that a gun? Their faces turned deathly pale as all color drained from their cheeks. 
“W-What are you trying to do?” one stammered. 
“I’m not doing anything,” Devin replied airily. “Can’t I clean my gun? However, I ought to give you guys a reminder. If you think I killed my father but can’t bring any evidence to support your accusations, then don’t blame me for lashing out.” 
It was a typical tone of Edmund. 
Scared out of their wits, the crowd scattered. 
Though the Cooper women were dying to ask about Benedict’s inheritance, the sight of Devin’s gun prompted them to restrain themselves. 
“Are you planning to stay in Jadeborough from now on?” 
“Yes. Am I not welcomed?” Devin looked up. 
He was surprised that Gabriella was brave enough to ask him a question. 
Benedict’s wife was no saint. After Edmund was born, she acknowledged him solely for her own gain, as it would solidify her position in the Cooper family.
“No, not at all,” she said hastily. “But your father’s death has created a huge mess. How should we deal with it? We don’t even know how many businesses he owns. Furthermore, he is the Senate’s leader. Now that he’s gone, what is going to happen to the White House?” 
“This is why you should get me in. If one of you even stumbles, the entire Cooper family will crumble. I am the only one capable enough to support the Coopers now. This way, you can continue your life of extravagance and comfort. What do you think?” 
Devin enjoyed making deals with women like her because she was quick on her feet and often went the extra mile. Her shrewd demeanor helped lessen his worries. 
True to his expectations, she agreed, albeit a little reluctantly. 
“Someone important will be present at the funeral tomorrow. You can seek his help,” Gabriella said. 
“Who is he?” 
“During the nation’s founding, he was the one who received the medal. He’s a capable man. Your father was the one who promoted him,” she replied impatiently. 
Oh, she’s referring to the medal. 
Without another word, Devin merely smiled and continued to wipe his gun. 
That night, the residents of Oceanic Estate were restless. 
Sebastian was not the only one who had trouble sleeping. Even Jonathan found himself tossing and turning with worry. Only Sasha, who was blissfully unaware about everything, had a worry-free night. She had brought the mother and daughter duo, who returned at the wee hours to their room. 
How strange. Why did she return in the middle of the night?
When Sasha returned from preparing a bottle of formula, she found Sabrina still seated on the bed, cooing at the baby in her arms excitedly. 
Unable to resist the urge, Sasha placed her palm on Sabrina’s forehead. 
“What are you doing?” Sabrina snapped irritably, annoyed that her interaction with Jaena was interrupted. 
She swatted her hand away, but Sasha merely gave her a pointed stare. 
“Are you all right? Two days ago, you were in such a gloomy mood. You wouldn’t even leave the room when we yelled at you. Yet, you’re in high spirits tonight. Have you fallen ill?” 
“You’re the one who’s ill.” Sabrina rolled her eyes. “Where’s my daughter’s milk?” 
Instead of answering Sasha’s question, she demanded to have the bottle. 
In the end, Sasha chose not to comment any further and handed Sabrina the milk bottle. 
After drinking the formula, the three-month-old Jaena fell asleep in the blink of an eye. Although Sasha felt sleepy after laying the baby in the crib, she dared not leave. 
She was worried that something would happen to Sabrina again. 
The latter fell speechless when she noticed Sasha had her guard up. Is she traumatized because of me? 
However, Sabrina’s annoyance was quickly replaced with guilt. All this time, her deranged behavior had caused Sasha countless troubles and worries. Despite it all, she remained by her side and took care of Jaena. 
“Sasha, thank you for everything.” For the first time, Sabrina spoke in a tone softer than usual.
“Huh?” On the other hand, Sasha was utterly startled by the sudden change in her demeanor. 
Is this a dream? Did she just thank me?
###Chapter 1171
Chapter 1171
Chapter 1171 Who Is The Silly One 
That night, Sasha told Sebastian about her conversation with Sabrina. 
Her gut instinct told her that Sabrina was acting weirdly and suggested bringing her to the hospital for a medical checkup. More specifically, Sasha emphasized that Sabrina should get her brain checked. 
Fortunately, the darkness concealed Sebastian’s face because he was at a loss for words. 
“She’s just in a bad mood. Why don’t you take her out for a stroll? I’m sure she will feel better after getting some fresh air,” he finally replied. 
“Really?” Sasha remained doubtful. 
Their conversation came to an abrupt halt when Sebastian grabbed her waist and pinned her under him. 
“Darling, do you still remember how you yanked my ear in front of so many people?” he said in a low voice. 
Trapped under him, Sabrina widened her eyes in surprise. 
The audacity of him to bring it up! He was the one who ran off without any notice and returned with his body covered with injuries. Does he know how worried I was when he disappeared? 
Sasha’s brows drew together into a scowl. “It’s your fault for not listening to me. Why did you go to such a dangerous place? Couldn’t you inform me beforehand?” she retorted. 
“Yes, Darling, it was all my fault.” 
At least he owned up to his mistakes.
Soon, she was distracted when Sebastian’s hands began to wander across her body. “However, did you forget that your husband is the authoritative figure around here? You yanked my ear in front of so many people. What if I become a laughing stock at the White House tomorrow?” 
Sebastian paused before he continued, “What if people see me and ask humiliating questions? They might ask if it’s true my wife yanked me by the ear and punished me?” 
The intimidating and ruthless man in the eyes of the public rambled on like a petulant teenager. 
For a moment, Sasha was dumbfounded by Sebastian’s tone. Her anger vanished in the blink of an eye. 
That night, the loving couple shared a long and passionate moment beneath the duvet. 
When Sasha woke up, it was already noon. 
“Mommy, are you awake yet? Mommy?” Vivian hollered outside her room. 
Since it was a weekend, Vivian’s teacher would not be here. Naturally, the clingy little girl went looking for her mother as soon as she woke up. 
Hurriedly, Sasha pushed herself upright. 
“Ah!” The sudden movement caused her body to throb in pain, and she failed to hold back her pained cry. 
Sebastian, that jerk! How rough was he last night? I can’t even climb out of bed! 
Her face crimsoned, so Sasha was forced to lie back on the bed for a little longer before she finally clambered out of bed to open the door. 
“Vivi, you are awake so early.”
“Yup!” Vivian handed Sasha the flowers she had picked from the garden. “Mommy, my best friend said that Central Square just opened a new theme park called Winter Wonderland. Can we go there today?” she pleaded. 
Best friend? Despite being so young, she already has a best friend? 
Sasha was stunned. “Sure, but you have to tell Mommy who your best friend is.” 
“She’s Jessica from my art class! We get along very well. We even exchanged numbers and started chatting ever since. She asked me for Ian’s number, but he refused to give it to her.” Vivian showed her mother a picture of Jessica on her smartwatch. 
When Vivian mentioned how Ian refused to add Jessica, a sad sigh escaped her lips. 
Sasha was amused yet angry. 
Time sure flies. My children are all growing up so fast. They all have their own social circles. Wait, did Vivi mention Winter Wonderland? Didn’t Sebastian suggest bringing Sabrina out for a stroll? This is the perfect opportunity! I can bring both Sabrina and Jaena along. Besides, Jaena hasn’t had the chance to play outside. 
After agreeing to Vivian’s request, she told the little girl to inform her brothers before heading to the second floor. 
“Sab, do you want to head out?” 
“Where are we going?” Sabrina had woken up early. When Sasha opened the door, she found her playing with Jaena.
Sabrina’s good mood was infectious, as Sasha also found herself in high spirits. “We are going to Central Square. Vivi told me that her friend invited her to a newly opened theme park over there. Why don’t you bring Jaena along? Since her birth, we have all been too busy to bring her out.” 
As soon as Sasha finished talking, Sabrina accepted her suggestion without a second thought. “Okay.” 
The former was taken aback by Sabrina’s easygoing reply. Should I bring a few bodyguards along with us? 
Because Sebastian was attending the Coopers’ funeral, Sasha called to ask for his approval, to which he agreed. Happily, Sabrina, Sasha, Wendy, and the four children set off toward Central Square. 
Since Sasha often took her children out on the weekends, she had gotten used to it. 
On the other hand, Sabrina could barely remain seated. She would point at the scenery throughout the car ride and talk to her three-month-old daughter excitedly.
###Chapter 1172
Chapter 1172
Chapter 1172 But I Really Like You 
Sasha could not help but smile at Sabrina’s antics. 
“Sab, she’s too young to understand anything,” she teased. 
“How do you know that? She’s so happy. Look! She keeps looking outside.” Sabrina ignored her and continued to croon at Jaena. 
Sasha shook her head in exasperation. 
Soon, they arrived at Central Square. 
After Sasha got out of the car, she instructed Wendy to escort the triplets to the theme park. As for herself, she chose to stay back and help Sabrina carry the baby products, such as formula, diapers, water, and so on. 
“Sabrina, is that you?” Just as they reached the mall entrance, a bespectacled young man jogged over. 
Sabrina, who was pushing the stroller, came to a halt. 
Similarly, Sasha stood still in surprise when she caught sight of the man. 
Isaac? Why is he here? 
“Mr. Sheerwood, you… You haven’t returned yet?” she asked. 
“Nope. I didn’t leave because I was worried out of my mind. The guards at Red Pavilion refused to let me in, so I dropped by occasionally to check on Sabrina. When I heard that she ran back to Oceanic Estate, I panicked and stood guard outside for the entire night!” Isaac was as shy as ever.
Though he did not do anything wrong, his hasty explanation made him appear nervous. 
He stood outside Oceanic Estate for the entire night? Sasha was shocked to hear this. 
On the other hand, a look of displeasure appeared on Sabrina’s face when he heard his confession. 
‘What are you doing? Didn’t I tell you to return to Yartran? Don’t let me hear something like this ever again,” Sabrina uttered coldly and left with her child. 
It had been a long time since Isaac saw her treat him like this. 
Promptly, his face turned bright red as he gazed at her retreating back. The bashful man became even more restless. 
Feeling sorry for the young man, Sasha stepped forward and consoled, “Mr. Sheerwood, it’d be best if you returned. You should stop trying to court Sabrina. There are plenty of women out there. I’m sure you’ll find the right one for you.” Her words were clear-cut and straightforward. 
However, Isaac’s head shot up. 
“Why?” he asked. “Now that the father of her child is gone, I’m willing to take care of her. I promise you that I’ll treat the child as my own. This time, my parents will not interfere anymore. I will do whatever I can to give them a happy life.” 
Tears began to well in his eyes. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
She never doubted his love toward Sabrina, for he had shown his devotion through his actions. Isaac spent half a year on that island with Sabrina and even decided to marry her. 
Sabrina was caught between a rock and a hard place at that time, but…
Before Sasha could come up with a reply, Sabrina returned. 
“Let me talk to him. Help me take care of Jaena.” After handing Jaena into Sasha’s arms, she whirled around to face Isaac. 
Sasha was nonplussed, so was Isaac. 
When he felt her cold gaze on him, he looked up and paled at the sight of the lofty woman standing at the top of the staircase. 
Uneasiness prickled his skin. Isaac felt like he was a criminal about to have his sentence pronounced. 
In a daze, Isaac found himself brought to a nearby cafe. As soon as he sat down, she pulled out a golden card. 
“What’s the meaning of this?” 
At that sight, he raised his head immediately, feeling as if she had just humiliated him. 
Instead of explaining, Sabrina waved her hand to signal Isaac to calm down. 
“Listen to me,” she said in a firm tone, “I am aware of the feelings you have toward me. However, I’ve decided to devote myself to Devin forever. Once I married him, he became a part of me. I can never remarry. Take this card as a token of my gratitude for taking care of me on the island while I was pregnant with Jaena. The card doesn’t contain money but a property I purchased in Yartran. Since you and your family just moved there, it must be hard for you to settle. You’ll need it.” 
Instead of avoiding Isaac’s feelings for her, she came clean and told him about her decision. 
Despite her rejection, Isaac admired her for not leading him on.
Instantly, his eyes reddened with sadness. Though he was a grown man, he could not smother his sorrows and shed tears. As he had his head lowered, they splattered onto his glasses. Even the neighboring customers could hear his suppressed sobs. 
“But… I really like you.” 
When Sabrina got up to leave the cafe, she heard Isaac speak in a hoarse voice.
###Chapter 1173
Chapter 1173
Chapter 1173 He Is Back 
Sabrina halted in her tracks. A moment later, she responded, “But I don’t feel the same way, and you know that. I never did!” 
That silenced Isaac, and he sat there frozen even after she had left the cafe. 
No more words came out of him. 
Truthfully, her honesty was brutal. 
Still, Sabrina was confident that she did the right thing, for she wanted to clear things up and make sure he knew that they were not meant to be. 
However, when she was accompanying Sasha’s children at the theme park, she suddenly had a strange feeling that something was wrong. 
“Sasha, go get the kids now,” she said, hugging Jaena in her arms. 
“What? Why?” 
Unlike Sabrina, Sasha was less vigilant. 
Nonetheless, she was smart enough to realize the graveness of the situation when she saw the look on Sabrina’s face. Hurriedly, Sasha asked Wendy to help her round up the three kids. 
“Little Ian, go get your brother and sister. We’re going back.” 
“Okay, Mommy.” 
Obediently, Ian then went to get his siblings as told.
It took the two adults a few minutes to gather the children around them, but when they returned to the bench where Sabrina sat, the woman and her daughter were already gone. 
“Where did they go?” inquired Sasha with a pale face. 
Also panic-stricken, Wendy immediately searched around the park and found Sasha standing outside the mall entrance, looking around with Jaena in her arms. 
Her eyes were narrowed, and she seemed abnormally warier even when holding her baby. 
What is she doing? 
Wendy then rushed toward the entrance. “What are you doing here, Ms. Sabrina? We thought something had happened to you!” 
“I’m fine, but I had a feeling that somebody was watching us. Someone is on to me, Wendy. Did those people find out about yesterday?” 
Sabrina thought it was a good idea to come clean with the help, whose face turned even paler after listening to the woman. 
“That can’t be it, can it? I told Mr. Hayes everything after you reunited with Mr. Devin yesterday, and he sent some men to stand guard at Red Pavilion.” 
“I’m not sure, but we still have to be careful,” exhorted Sabrina at the end of the conversation. 
Afterward, Sasha and her children, too, hurried over to Sabrina and Wendy, who both pretended like everything was fine in front of them. 
That was because if Sasha were to find out she was the only one being kept in the dark, she would be furious.
Yet, unbeknownst to her, she was in the most perilous position among the rest. 
Besides the fact that she was not well-trained like Sabrina, Sasha had been under watchful eyes ever since Sebastian assumed the position of the Speaker of the House. 
Hence, it was better that she remained oblivious. Not knowing anything about her situation meant that she had nothing to hide and could act naturally. 
Just as Sasha was about to question Sabrina, somebody suddenly approached her from behind smilingly. 
Sabrina could not have asked for a better reaction when the woman turned around and was naturally surprised to see the First Lady. 
“Mrs. Zander! What a pleasant surprise!” 
“The pleasure is mine, Mrs. Jadeson. I thought I saw you from afar just now, so I just had to come over and confirm it myself. And here you are!” 
The middle-aged woman was wearing her signature sapphire blue coat, pairing it with a dark green dress made from only the highest quality of materials. Even in her forties, the First Lady had a keen sense of fashion and looked downright fabulous. 
“We heard that they opened a theme park called Winter Wonderland here, and the children begged us to bring them over here. Speaking of which, I think they may have forgotten their manners,” stated Sasha before turning to give her children a look. 
“Nice to meet you, Mrs. Zander.” 
“Wow, you look so pretty!”
Vivian and Matteo quickly greeted the First Lady and praised the woman for her impeccable style. 
On the other hand, Ian, whose personality resembled his father more, remained aloof as he stood quietly by himself. 
Sophie Jurding, the wife of Silas Zander, was more than thrilled when the children greeted her. “Just look at these beautiful children! I’ve long heard that you’re blessed with triplets. It’s a treat to meet them myself finally. Oh, I’m so jealous!” 
Looking at the adorable children, Sophie could not stop herself from stroking their heads and holding their little hands. 
She was so fond of them that she even decided to take them with her to the mall and get them presents. 
Before Sasha could respond, Sabrina, still carrying her daughter, quickly stood before her niece and nephews.
###Chapter 1174
Chapter 1174
Chapter 1174 Like A Little Kitten 
“That’s not necessary. They already have more than they could ever want, Mrs. Zander. Your kindness is much appreciated.” 
“Huh?” 
Sabrina’s harsh tone immediately turned the situation slightly awkward. 
“And this is?” 
“Oh, I’m sorry. Let me introduce you to Sabrina. She’s the widow of my late cousin-in-law, Devin. This is their child,” Sasha explained hurriedly. 
With that, the First Lady’s face finally softened. 
“It’s nice to meet you, Sabrina. Please forgive my rude behavior. My husband and I have been trying to have our own children for the longest time, but nothing worked. So, you can imagine how excited I am to meet the triplets!” exclaimed Sophie before turning to look at the children with deep fondness. 
Not only were they clever, but they were also delightfully lovable. Anyone who met the children would be smitten with them as Sophie was. 
“You’re definitely more than welcomed to come over to our place to play with the children if you want to,” Sasha offered graciously. 
“Really?” Immediately, Sophie’s eyes sparkled with joy. 
“Of course.”
“That’s wonderful! Thank you! How about this, Mrs. Jadeson? Golden Heights is holding an excursion tomorrow to visit the ancient building. Why don’t we take part and have some fun together? We can take these two with us,” Sophie suggested excitedly while pointing at Matteo and Ian. 
At that point, bafflement was written all over Sasha’s face. Golden Heights? Isn’t it only accessible to people with that card? And what is it about an excursion and bringing the children along? 
The woman had no idea what the First Lady’s intentions were, but she would if she had known what was happening in Jadeborough. After Axel and Desmond were removed from power and Benedict’s death, Golden Heights were forced to burn bridges and start anew. 
When Sasha told Sebastian what happened after he returned, that was how he analyzed the situation to her. 
“Golden Heights isn’t what it used to be anymore. Many travel there now to have a good time. Mrs. Zander probably just wants to get close to you.” 
“You think so?” At that time, she had changed into her pajamas after showering and got into bed. 
“Yeah. Didn’t you mention how close she used to be with Mrs. Croll and Mrs. Oveson? Now that their husbands have been stripped of power and Benedict has passed away, I’ve become the most powerful man in Congress. Who else would she curry favor from if not you?” Sebastian continued to explain as he read a book in bed. 
That was the only valid explanation why the First Lady was so friendly toward Sasha. 
Even though Silas was already president, he needed people in Congress to be on his side in order to secure his position, which was why he got Carlos involved in the matter.
As he also wanted to arrange his men into the Senate, Silas decided not to look into Benedict’s death and attended the funeral personally, albeit finding the whole incident to be full of suspicions. 
Therefore, Sebastian could certainly see why the man’s wife deliberately tried to gain his family’s favor. 
“Should we go tomorrow then?” inquired Sasha as she laid her head on Sebastian’s chest, with her bright eyes looking deeply into his. At that moment, she resembled a fluffy little kitten. 
While hugging her, the man furrowed his eyebrows and gave the question some thought. “I think the First Lady just wants to bring the children along so that it’s easier for her to look around. Since Ian wouldn’t enjoy going to a place like that, why don’t you bring Matteo and Vivi instead?” 
“Both of them?” 
“Yeah. Don’t worry. I’ll have my men follow you in secret and make sure you’re all protected at all times.” 
A hint of murderous intent flashed across the man’s eyes when he made the promise. Though it was barely noticeable, anyone who saw would be intimidated for sure. 
Not long after their conversation, Sasha fell asleep in Sebastian’s arms. 
The man then pulled the duvet over her and gently got out of bed before leaving the bedroom. Waiting patiently for Sebastian in the hallway was a dark figure. 
“Mr. Hayes, somebody was indeed following Ms. Sabrina at the mall today.” 
“Did you find out who it was?” questioned Sebastian solemnly. 
Unfortunately, to his disappointment, the figure shook his head in response.
“No, sir. They moved extremely fast; none of us were able to catch up to them. However, one of them dropped this when I engaged him.” 
The figure then handed a needle over to Sebastian, who was surprised to see such an odd choice of weapon. Besides Sasha, the man had never seen anybody else with that peculiar preference. 
“In the hands of the right person, this is a weapon. I think I already know who those people are. It seems like the head of The Coffee Shop is back.” Sneering, Sebastian did not take long to figure out the perpetrators’ identities.
###Chapter 1175
Chapter 1175
Chapter 1175 Edmund Texted Her 
The figure’s eyes widened in shock when Sebastian mentioned the head of The Coffee Shop, for even with their considerable influence and unrelenting efforts, SteelFort still could not identify who that person was. After all this while, has the head of the organization finally decided to show themself? 
“What should we do then, Mr. Hayes? Are they up to something for appearing at this juncture and tailing Ms. Sabrina? Do you think…” 
The figure suddenly stopped talking mid-sentence because they both already knew where the conversation was heading. 
Since Sabrina was the organization’s target, there could only be one possibility—they had become suspicious of someone. 
The winter night in Jadeborough was bone-chillingly cold, yet the harsh cold paled in comparison to the fear-inducing aura exuding from Sebastian. 
“It’s about time we finally put an end to this!” 
“What do you mean, Mr. Hayes?” 
“Arrange more men to protect Sabrina. Remember, they’re never to leave her side,” ordered Sebastian sternly before ending the conversation for the night. 
The figure was stunned for a moment as he wondered if that was all they should do. Just protection? So we’re not making a move on the organization? What if something goes wrong? After all, these people are crafty, and this is their territory. For all we know, they may have already stationed men everywhere, men who are ready to pounce on us at any time.
Even though the figure was worried, he eventually decided that it was best for him, as a subordinate, to follow his superior’s order. 
After waking up the following day, Sasha received a call from Sophie, so Sebastian dropped her and the children at Golden Heights on his way to the White House. 
“Take care of Mommy and your sister for me, okay? If you need anything at all, call me,” Sebastian instructed the eight-year-old Matteo after reaching their destination. 
Sasha could not help feeling offended that Sebastian asked the boy to look after her and Vivian instead of the other way around. 
What the heck is he trying to imply? That I’m incompetent? 
“Hey, I’m more than—” 
“Got it, Daddy! I will do my very best to take care of them, so don’t you worry.” Before Sasha could argue with the man, Matteo had already given his father his word. 
Although Sasha was upset, all she could do was glare at the man from afar since the First Lady had arrived. 
“Good morning, Mrs. Zander!” she greeted after bringing her children next to Sophie’s car. 
Sophie, who looked as stylish as ever, greeted in response as soon as she stepped out of the car with two small boxes in her hands. “Good morning! Wait, you brought your daughter instead. I thought…” Her sentence was cut short when she saw Vivian instead of the two boys she was expecting. 
“It’s just that Ian prefers to stay home, so his father suggested I bring Vivian instead. Is that okay with you?” inquired Sasha politely.
“Yes, it’s no problem at all. I just want the children to have a great time. But I had the boys in mind when I prepared the gifts, so I was just a little surprised to see your little princess instead. I haven’t had the time to prepare hers yet,” Sophie explained as she showed Sasha the jade pendants inside those boxes. 
Sasha was taken aback at the sight of those exquisite stones, for she could tell that they were valuable antiques and not the kind that one could buy from the market. 
“These are far too valuable, Mrs. Zander. We can’t accept them.” 
“Why not? These were passed down from my ancestors so that my children could inherit them. As you know, I can’t bear any myself, so I consider myself lucky that I’m able to find children as adorable as yours to inherit these heirlooms.” 
Since Sophie insisted, Sasha had no choice but to accept the precious jade pendants in the end. 
Sophie’s generous gesture reminded Sasha of the things Sebastian told her the night before. The First Lady sure is investing a lot in order to gain our favor. 
The woman and her children then entered the building and began their trip. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina stayed home with her daughter that entire morning. 
That was until the housemaid informed her that they were out of diapers, after which she decided to visit the supermarket. 
“Do you need me to go with you, Ms. Sabrina?” 
“I can go alone. Just stay home and watch Jaena for me,” instructed Sabrina before changing and heading out on her own.
It was her first time buying something for Jaena since giving birth to her. Because of what happened in the past, she never got the chance to do anything like that before. 
That was also why she looked forward to getting more than just diapers for Jaena. Oh, I can also check out some cute dresses for her in the mall. Hmm, it’s almost Christmas. I wonder if I can bring her back to Avenport for the holidays. 
The more she thought about it, the more hopeful she got. After finding a parking spot, Sabrina excitedly made her way into the mall.
###Chapter 1176
Chapter 1176
Chapter 1176 Sabrina Was Caught 
Suddenly, Sabrina’s phone rang because she had received a text message. 
Worried that the housemaid needed her help with the child, she immediately stopped to read the text. 
Edmund: Have you had lunch? 
Shocked, Sabrina stared wide-eyed at her phone. 
Her heart even started racing when she saw the name. 
Why did he suddenly text me? Didn’t he say we can’t contact each other at this juncture? We’re not even supposed to text and call each other, much less have a meetup. 
After checking her surroundings and making sure nobody was watching, Sabrina replied to the text. 
Sabrina: What are you doing? I thought we agreed not to contact each other? 
Edmund: But I miss you and Jaena so much! Where are you now? If you’re not too busy, the three of us can meet. Don’t worry. We met in Bellridge before anyway. Nobody’s going to suspect a thing. 
Sabrina could not believe that Edmund came up with such a bold suggestion and doubted if it was the right time to meet up with the man. 
Eventually, she agreed to his suggestion as she wanted to see him too. Besides, in her eyes, the man had always been a trustworthy and reliable person. Since he said it was safe for them to meet, she believed him. 
Therefore, Sabrina drove home to pick up her daughter before returning to the mall around forty minutes later. Then, she eagerly took her phone out to text him again.
Sabrina: Jaena is with me now. Where are you? 
Edmund: Tell me where you are. 
Sabrina: I’m here at Summerview. 
Edmund: Good. We’ll meet at the arcade in fifteen minutes. It’s on the third floor. 
With that, Sabrina turned around to look up to the third floor and found the arcade he had mentioned. Why the arcade? Is it because it’ll be easier for us to hide in the crowd? 
She then carried Jaena and headed for the place. 
A crowded place like the arcade was indeed suitable for the three to meet. On top of that, anyone there could pick their preferred arcade machine and have the space all to themselves. 
As instructed through the texts, Sabrina picked a machine and sat down in front of it. 
However, she felt something pressed against her neck from behind as soon as she did. 
“What did I tell you, Boss? There’s something fishy about this woman. I merely impersonated Edmund and texted her, and she did everything I told her without any suspicion.” 
Sabrina could hear the voice of a man cackling behind her as if he had struck gold, and that was when she finally realized she was fooled. 
“How dare you trick me like that! I’m going to kill you!” she roared furiously at the men, color draining from her face. 
“Kill us?” 
Still pressing a dagger against Sabrina’s throat, the man laughed at the ridiculous idea.
“Mrs. Jadeson, do you really think you’re in any position to make a threat? I suggest that you forget about trying anything stupid. Now let me tell you what’s going to happen. You’re going to tell me exactly who this Edmund is, or I will kill both you and your daughter right here.” 
Sabrina’s face immediately hardened when she realized that those men were after Devin. 
Then, she clenched her fists and kept quiet for a while before sneering, “Are you right in the head? You just said his name, didn’t you? Who else can he be beside Edmund?” 
“You know what I mean!” Enraged, the man applied pressure onto the blade, and blood started slowly oozing out of Sabrina’s neck. “I’m a man of my word, and this should show you exactly how serious I am. I’m aware that you can fight, but so can we. If you don’t tell me what I want to know, your daughter will be next.” 
With that, the man gestured for his partner to snatch Sabrina’s daughter from her. 
“Don’t you touch her!” 
Sabrina did not care if she could not beat those men nor the dagger resting on her neck. After tightening her arms around her child, she tried to thrust the ball of her foot into the approaching man’s abdomen. I don’t care what happens to me, but I’ll never let anyone lay a finger on my daughter! 
Thud! 
Unfortunately, as the man had already informed Sabrina, they were indeed well-trained. 
Even though the man’s partner was surprised by her sudden move, he was quick enough to dodge the kick. In the end, the chair he sat on was the only thing sent flying by the woman. 
“It seems like you’d rather do this the hard way.”
Having said that, the man holding the dagger then swung his palm at Sabrina at lightning speed and slapped her right on the cheek. 
Slap! 
Sabrina’s head was tilted to the side because of the force.
###Chapter 1177
Chapter 1177
Chapter 1177 Bait 
She remained dazed for a long while, for they were really no ordinary people. 
“Boohoo…” 
The disturbance was significant enough to cause the previously slumbering Jaena to rouse in her mother’s arms. At just three months old, the child started to bawl after being startled. 
Sabrina quickly suppressed the tremendous pain she felt in her face when she heard those cries. She spat the blood in her mouth onto the ground and held her daughter close. 
“Hush, baby. Mommy’s here.” 
Though her mouth was still bleeding, her focus was directed toward the baby in her arms instead. 
The sight of that prompted nefarious designs on the child from those people once more. With his eyes narrowed, that man who attacked Sabrina pounced like a leopard while her attention was diverted and came right for the kid. 
Hiss! 
Pow! 
Sabrina pulled the baby back in the nick of time and narrowly avoided the dagger that threatened to slit her throat. 
Then, a gunshot rang out. 
A spiral of blood spurted from the body of that dagger-wielding assailant, who stiffened at once. Seconds later, he crumbled into an untidy heap right at Sabrina’s feet.
“Mario!” 
The entire arcade went silent in an instant. 
With her baby clutched tightly, Sabrina stared blankly at the corpse next to her without flinching. 
Who did that? Could it be that he’s here? 
The very notion of that caused the color to drain from the face of the already discomfited woman once more. 
Shortly after that man’s untimely demise, a series of clicking heels approached adagio. Those footsteps reminded her of a certain someone, prompting her to cast her gaze quickly behind herself. 
“Mr. Duffy!” 
It’s not him! 
Decked out in a black suit, the silvery-grey maned newcomer had the complexion of one who looked to be in his forties or fifties. Sabrina saw that he had a gun in one hand and two tokens which he rolled across his knuckles on the other. 
Mr. Duffy? 
She narrowed her eyes. 
“Mr. Duffy, Mario…” 
“Whoever allowed you to touch her? Have I ever given all of you permission to do so?” 
The nasally, shrill inflection that was starkly reminiscent of that of eunuchs in antiquity caused those men present to cringe and also had the hair on Sabrina’s nape standing on end.
Sounding foppish and vicious, this voice conjured images of a venomous serpent stalking in the shadows. 
“Mr. Duffy… We had no choice because she wouldn’t tell us who he is.” 
“If she won’t talk, then we’ll make him come to us himself. Have you not the brains to think for yourself? Do you really need me to teach you that? Let me remind you that if we were to lose her as a bargaining chip, none of us could expect to get out of this alive!” 
The more upset the man got as he cussed, the more comical his sharp voice became. However, the murderous look in his eyes made everyone shudder and ensured that no one dared let out so much as a yelp. 
Sabrina, too, sat there petrified. Only little Jaena continued to wail away in her arms. 
“In that case, what should we do now, Mr. Duffy? Shall we give that Cooper guy a call?” 
“What good would that accomplish? Don’t you think that that lunatic from the Jadesons would have realized that she has gone missing by now? Hurry up and get her out of here!” 
Sabrina did not anticipate that the man planned to have her and her baby relocated. 
That was when she finally spoke up, “I’m not leaving. My daughter’s only a baby. She’s hungry and needs to be fed, so I’m not going anywhere with you!” 
With that, she stood herself up from that chair and prepared to walk off since there was no one left who posed an immediate threat to her following the death of the dagger-wielding Mario. 
Across from her, Daghan responded by pulling the gun on her. That caused her to freeze in her tracks.
“Go downstairs and get two cans of formula and a bottle of hot water for the kid. We’ll embark immediately once we are ready!” 
“Understood, Mr. Duffy!” 
Held at gunpoint, Sabrina was left without recourse while the man issued orders to his bunch of followers. Both mother and daughter were taken away soon after. 
Meanwhile, Edmund was sorting through Benedict’s possessions back at the White House Senate. 
When he suddenly received a message which contained a photograph of the kidnapped mother and daughter pair with accompanying coordinates, he dashed out like a madman.
###Chapter 1178
Chapter 1178
Chapter 1178 You Will Do Well To Cooperate 
After Sabrina’s blindfolds became untethered once more, she discovered that they had been brought to the foot of a highland. 
There was no deserted and densely forested mountainous area like this that ran for hundreds of kilometers in every direction within Jadeborough. 
Sabrina filtered through her own memories, and the name of a location in the neighboring province came to mind—Mount Illianor. 
“Now that we’ve arrived in Illianor, Mr. Duffy, do you think Benedict’s son will come?” 
Someone went up to inquire from Daghan, who was leading the convoy the moment they came to a stop. 
Sabrina’s face fell when she heard that these people meant to lure Edmund here by using her as bait. 
Why a place like this? 
Would the mall not be more accessible for Edmund? What are they planning to do by having us taken somewhere so remote? Could there be a larger conspiracy abound? 
The conjecture left Sabrina increasingly unsettled. 
“What’s there to worry about? If he’s the one we’re looking for, he’ll surely come for them. All I need is for all of you to be on standby.” 
Predictably so, that was all Daghan had to say.
The gang was then spurred into motion. They promptly ditched their vehicles and began to advance toward the mountain with their captive in tow. 
As dusk was almost upon them, the dangerous prospect of entering this wild terrain with such a wee child roused Sabrina’s immediate protest once more. “I’m not going in there. My baby’s still so little, and it’s already getting dark. What am I to do should we run into trouble? I am definitely not doing this.” 
“Do you still think that you’ll be getting a say in this at this point?” 
Her handler promptly glared at her when it appeared that she would remain defiant and started to become more aggressive by dragging her along. 
That got Sabrina incensed. 
On any other day, Sabrina’s personality would have prompted her to go at them even if she stood no chance at winning. 
Taking the well-being of her young daughter into consideration, she complied in the end in order to avoid alarming the child. 
Pfft! 
Just as she had expected, a flock of frightened birds bolted out of this secluded forest the moment they stepped inside, and the resultant commotion jolted little Jaena awake. 
“Waah!” 
The jittery three-month-old baby’s cries were all that reverberated around this otherwise serene landscape.
“There, there. Mommy’s here. Hush, sweetie. Hush.” The frantic and upset woman could only work quickly to comfort her daughter. 
Owing to her mother’s presence, the little one was able to calm down shortly after some coaxing. 
Sabrina exhaled before she turned to regard the gang. 
“I’m not going any further! Believe me when I tell you that you can go right ahead and kill me because I’m not going to move another inch!” 
With every word she enunciated, she mounted her fiercest resistance against them yet. 
Her handler was about to strike when he was stopped. 
“Enough!” 
At this critical juncture, Daghan stepped in again. When he approached, he first fixated his eyes upon the baby in Sabrina’s arms before they shifted onto her face. 
“If you’re genuinely worried for your baby, Ms. Sabrina, I have a good way to enable her to sleep through the night.” 
He then produced a tiny black pill from his coat. 
That drew a strong reaction from Sabrina. “What are you doing? I’m warning you. Don’t you try anything or else my brother will surely not let you off!” 
“I’m well aware of that, so you will do well to cooperate. As I’m merely following orders and no one wishes to see you harmed, I hope that you would not make things any harder than it needs to be.”
Surprised to see such candor from him in his open admission to being a hired hand, Sabrina kept herself in check and spoke no more. 
When the group prepared to move off anew with her in the middle of the pack, there was an additional accessory that Sabrina carried in front of her chest. 
It was a backpack of exceptional quality. Emptied of its contents and with the zips drawn up halfway, this pack functioned well as a serviceable baby carrier, which little Jaena fitted nicely into. 
With that, Sabrina carried her daughter as she followed the gang while they ventured inside. 
After an hour and a half on foot, they finally reached the mountain’s hinterlands. 
There, she saw a few log cabins. Someone whistled when they approached, and the lights in one of the cabins came on. 
“We’re here, Mr. Duffy.” 
“Okay. Take them inside first and attend to all her needs.” 
Daghan took one glance at Sabrina before he made his way straight for the illuminated cabin.
###Chapter 1179
Chapter 1179
Chapter 1179 A Desperate Battle 
Sabrina wanted very much to go find out who was actually in there, but she had her daughter to think about. In the end, she decided to play nice and follow Daghan’s henchman over to one of the other cabins. 
In the dead of winter, the searing winds inside the forest chilled her to the bone. It was pitch-black, so much so that she could not see her fingers in front of her, and the way the howls of various animals echoed made one’s skin crawl. 
Consumed by anxiety about what might happen in the night and whether Jaena would catch a cold in this freezing weather, Sabrina held her daughter close and kept vigil over her. 
It was around two past the witching hour when signs of activity arose while she was inside the cabin. She had nearly nodded off with her baby in her clutches while she clung to the warmth emanated by the fireplace to her side. 
“He’s here! He’s here!” 
When her handler rushed out of Sabrina’s cabin, the startled woman immediately clambered off the floor with her baby. 
Through the windows, she saw that the gang had come to life. Some seemed to be preparing weapons, while others handled items that emitted a reddish glow. Unfortunately, it was not apparent to her what they were doing. 
But those were not the worst of all. While she waited till they were almost out of sight, the doors to that illuminated cabin opened up. From where she was, she was able to spot the LED displays that lined the walls inside.
Projected on them were various forms of data and surveillance footage. 
What is that? A control room? 
It occurred to her that this was no deserted forest but a place that had already been converted into their base camp. This revelation caused her to quiver inside the cabin. 
Those b*stards! 
Meanwhile, Edmund had indeed arrived and also forayed into this mountainous area. 
However, he did not head straight for the hinterland. Instead, he made a stopover at a chosen location and subsequently went on to activate a button on his wrist in the darkness. 
A few minutes later, scores of dark figures emerged spryly from the shadows at the foot of the mountain and swiftly surrounded him. 
“Major!” 
“Hold nothing back in this mission, gentlemen, and take no prisoners. Remember that those you’ll be facing are no common enemies. Do not indulge yourselves in battle too much. Be sure to employ your most efficient killing methods!” 
Edmund regarded each and every one of these elite soldiers whom he had trained and issued them their final instructions. 
Seconds later, they dispersed, and Edmund started to forge his way toward the hinterland. 
In spite of the knowledge that there were others who had been sent to protect that mother and daughter pair prior to his arrival, he was preoccupied with concerns about their safety. Being more distracted than usual, he failed to even notice Sebastian’s incoming message.
Whoosh! 
He dodged the first steel blade hurled at him before he swiftly snagged it by its point. 
However, he was still a few seconds slower than usual. 
“Just as I thought. You’re not Benedict Cooper’s son!” his opponent gleefully shouted after witnessing the finesse of his skills. 
Edmund Cooper… Or should I say, Devin Jadeson! 
With his counterpart’s steel blade nipped between his fingers, he sneered. “You’re right about that, but unfortunately, this knowledge isn’t going to be of any use to you.” 
“Why so?” asked the stumped man. 
Devin made subtle adjustments to firm up his grip on the blade. “It is because the one who stands before you is the highest commanding officer of this country’s most elite special forces. Should he choose not to spare you today, you can forget about walking out of this forest alive.” 
A cold glint then flashed across his eyes. 
That man had not even time to react before his throat was slashed wide open by the steel blade that once belonged to him, with blood gushing out of it. 
In the darkness, he slinked to the forest floor, making throaty gurgles with his eyes peeling impossibly wide until death finally took him. 
As it turned out, the highest commanding officer of the most elite special forces was truly a force to be reckoned with.
The fallen man did not even realize how his weapon was turned against him. How is it possible that we never knew how formidable these military commanders are? 
He was unable to die in peace. 
Nonetheless, Devin disregarded him. After completing the kill, he chucked the steel blade aside and lifted the corpse to the side before he resumed his advancing. 
Only this time, he ran into trouble sooner than he had anticipated in the form of red lines running across his path ahead. 
Lasers? Ha. The Coffee Shop is by no means a pushover. 
He stopped to pull out a silver box which he opened up. From it, he retrieved a tube containing some blue fluid and tossed it out before raising the muted gun in his hand. 
Boom! Boom! 
It was like the dance of spontaneous fireworks. 
After that tube was shattered in mid-air by his bullet, countless blue-colored beads rained down on the red lines. When they came into contact, the lines vaporized and vanished into thin air. 
Astonishing! 
Inside the cabin at the hinterland, the one who was monitoring the surveillance unit was left slack- jawed when he witnessed this.
###Chapter 1180
Chapter 1180
Chapter 1180 The Truth 
After all, the technology was painstakingly developed through a massive investment of wealth and effort and could almost be considered foundational to both their defense and weapons system. 
Before this man, however, they seemed no more than child’s play. 
“I’m completely convinced now that he is not the son of Benedict Cooper but that Jadeson who was presumed to be deceased! 
He shuddered as he declared this conclusion. 
After all, that person must be very familiar with military warfare as no ordinary person could have destroyed their setup this easily. 
A sliver of hatred and rage was evoked in the man as he began to collate screenshots of the footage, preparing to send them out to make the truth public. 
Bang! 
He immediately turned to face the door to the room when he heard it being kicked in. 
“It’s you?” 
“Thinking about doing screencaps, huh? How about you let me cap you instead!” With her child cradled in one hand, Sabrina used the other to raise a chair above her own head and brought it crashing down upon the man’s skull. 
Jaena already had her little ears plugged and was thus oblivious to what was happening.
Having never faced such a belligerent woman, the ill-prepared man immediately dropped to the ground with his head bloodied and smashed in. 
After booting him aside, Sabrina surveyed the surveillance equipment that filled the cabin. She then started to kick and smash them at will, reducing the entire interior of the room to scrap in no time at all. 
Still thinking about spying? Fat chance! 
Quite satisfied with her own handiwork, the woman carried the child and made her exit. 
“You planned for this, didn’t you?” 
However, she had not been expecting to run into anyone the moment she walked out. From the opposite direction, the man who spotted her approached the cabin menacingly one step at a time. 
Sabrina withdrew herself. 
“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about. Why can’t I fight back when I was taken here against my will?” 
“Fight back?” 
The man’s shrill voice broke into laughter. Against the pall of the consuming darkness, its eeriness was akin to that of a ghoul that has clawed its way out of a crypt. 
“Oh yeah. I almost forgot how feisty you’ve always been, Sabrina Hayes. How could you have possibly remained so pliant, offering no resistance the entire time and even bringing your own daughter along for the ride? 
Adrenaline coursed through Sabrina’s veins as she silently clutched her daughter tightly and prepared herself for battle.
The astonishing speed at which that man lunged at her took her by surprise and left even someone as skilled as she was without time to react. 
Fortunately, just as he was almost upon her, three or four black silhouettes appeared behind her. 
They stepped to the fore and immediately engaged the man in a fierce skirmish. 
“Quickly, Ms. Sabrina. Take the child and go! Mr. Sebastian’s men are already here, and Mr. Devin has also reached the hillside.” 
“Okay!” 
When Sabrina heard that, she immediately ran off to the side with the child. 
The man had guessed correctly; she had indeed intended for things to play out the way it did. 
Everything she did throughout the day had been planned beforehand, from the purchasing of diapers to her wandering inside the mall. All of it was done to lure these people into sending her a message under Edmund’s appropriated identity. 
It was her brother, Sebastian, who masterminded this grand scheme. 
Initially, Sebastian did not agree to it when she first proposed using herself as bait. He was reluctant to allow her to undertake that risk and was even less willing to send his three-month-old niece into such dangerous territory. 
She, however, insisted. 
That was because she hated this bunch of people who almost took the life of the man she loved and destroyed their family.
Hence, she wanted in. Moreover, she felt obligated to do so as a member of the Jadesons. 
That was how she ended up partaking in this day-long charade. 
Sabrina ran as fast as her legs could carry her to her ive at the foot of the mountain. 
However, before she was able to leave that cabin area, she heard a bone-crunching snap that prompted her to glance over her shoulder. 
The sight that greeted her filled her heart with horror. 
It was that of the black-clad man who urged her to run. His noggin dangled limply, having just had his neck snapped like a twig. 
Sabrina clenched her fingers so tightly that her nails almost dug into her palms. 
“Run, Ms. Sabrina, run!” those few who remained there screamed hysterically in unison. 
Her eyelids suddenly felt heavy. 
She gritted her teeth while her heart pounded violently against her chest. Stealing a final glimpse at those few men, she steeled her heart and turned around sharply to resume her mad dash. 
Though professionals through and through, the men from SteelFort were shockingly defenseless against this person who easily bested them. That went to show what a terrifying organization The Coffee Shop was. 
With her daughter held in her arms, Sabrina kept her head down and kept on running, but still, that was not enough to help her escape from that man’s grasp. 
When she exited the hinterland and almost made visual contact with those who had come to receive her, she heard a rush of wind to her rear. Then, she felt herself being grabbed from behind and lifted off
the ground.
###Chapter 1181
Chapter 1181
Chapter 1181 Do Not Provoke A Madman 
The only thing she could do now was to toss the child away, and that was what she did. 
“Ms. Sabrina!” 
“Waa…!” 
Someone managed to catch the baby. Then, the SteelFort staff called out to her, and the baby started crying too. 
Devin and the others arrived too late. Sabrina and the boss of The Coffee Shop were long gone. He took a living, breathing person and disappeared into thin air as if he was a ghost. 
Devin glared into the dark forest, roaring into the high heavens, “Start a search! Find them wherever they are!” 
…… 
Sebastian was waiting for the news back at Oceanic Estate. When he found out what happened, murderous intent flared in his eyes, and he punched the table. 
“Kill them all! From now onwards, I want all the people with the medals dead no matter who they are!” 
“Yes, Mr. Sebastian.” 
Everyone in Oceanic Estate was mobilized. That was how far Sebastian would go for Sabrina. 
If this was a chess match, Sebastian’s opponent made a bad move. He should never have driven Sebastian to the brink of insanity, or he might just do something horrible beyond imagination.
It was a chaotic night in Jadeborough. No blood was shed, but everyone could feel the terror that was lingering in the air… That alone was more terrifying than any murder. 
“Bad News, Mr. Smith! Someone leaked the news about you reporting those guys!” 
“What?” 
“And they also know about your dealings with the military factory. The White House has received the whistleblower’s letter, and they have proof on your correspondence with the elder!” 
What the f*ck? 
Carlos, who was dreaming about his future a moment ago, plopped down in despair. 
The elder held the ninth medal, and he was one of the first to fall. Right after that, medals number eight, seven, and six followed… 
Four medal holders were taken out in one night. Five, if we include the one Sebastian killed in Bellridge. Not a single one of them suspected a thing. All of them were still in their dreams, but their lives had already turned into a nightmare. 
“That madman! How did he even manage to do this? Why does he have so much dirt on us?” 
“I have no idea. Nobody knows how he got his hands on that. He plays dumb in the White House every day, so we thought he’s just a piece of trash. But who would have thought that there will be a madman in the Jadesons?” 
“that’s because you’re all stupid! He’s Shin’s son for Pete’s sake. There’s no way in hell he’s trash, you buffoons!” 
He has a point.
Everyone was going mad with how fast Sebastian was taking out the medal owners. They wanted to march into Jadeborough to kill him, but it was impossible. After that night, they know they’d be next on the killing list. It was then they realized they should have never attacked the Jadesons in the first place. 
“Which moron came up with this plan? Jonathan hasn’t gotten in our way for ages. Which idiot tried to attack him?” 
Nobody answered that for each and every one of them came up with the plan. 
Human greed was boundless. Once they had a taste of the honey, they’d be craving for more. 
All they wanted to do in the first place was to make some money, but after they got what they wanted, they desired power next. 
Because of that, they set their eyes on the Jadesons, for they held a lot of power in Jadeborough. However, after what happened that night, everyone regretted their decision. 
Sebastian got the address of The Coffee Shop’s boss who took Sabrina away. At the same time, he had also gathered information on how to find him the morning after the ‘massacre.’ 
You gotta kill someone to get what you want. That’s how humans are. 
Sebastian sent Devin, since he wasn’t sure if he could stop himself from killing the boss of The Coffee Shop. 
However, much to their surprise, the address was located in Summerbank, Avenport. 
It was a white villa, but the garden was overgrown with weeds that engulfed the flowers. It seemed like an abandoned villa, since the gate was left ajar. A dusty statue of lion stood within, guarding the open door. When Devin saw it, he thought he got the wrong place.
But still, he went in to have a look. He was about to go into the villa, but he heard the sound of someone or something hammering away in the underground garage. 
And that sounds like… a drill? What’s going on? 
He arched his eyebrow and leaped down the staircase before dashing toward the garage. 
Before he even entered the garage, he heard a gentle voice saying from within, “Alright. One wheel left, and your car is all set.” The voice was so familiar, and it brought him back to the good old times.
###Chapter 1182
Chapter 1182
Chapter 1182 Honesty 
Devin went into the garage a moment later and saw a brand new car sleeping inside. It was purplish- red and had a heavy-duty steel crossbar installed on it. The CVJ had a disc brake installed in it as well. 
To Devin’s surprise, the car was better than the black SUV he was driving, and it was made out of original, imported Hummer parts. 
What is this? 
He noticed sparks flying in the garage’s corner. The man in the uniform was keeping his head down, working away and talking to someone behind him. “You said you wanted a car that can run across the city and move across the sands, so now I made this for you.” 
Who is that behind him? Wait, that’s a woman. 
However, the woman was tied up against the chair, and her mouth was sealed with a black tape. 
Devin saw it, of course. When he saw who the woman was, he could feel his blood boiling, and he wanted to rush in to save her. 
Suddenly, the man said, “Don’t move, or the mercury bomb is gonna start counting down.” 
Devin skidded to a halt. He was enraged, but also pale with fear. 
Mercury bomb? Did he strap something like that on her? 
What a bloody bast*rd! 
Devin didn’t make any sudden movements, but he clenched his fists tightly which showed his anger.
The woman glared at the man. She tried to shout, but since her mouth was sealed, all she could make was a muffled scream. 
The mechanic—who was tinkering with the car—heard her, and he finally turned to her. “Don’t move. I won’t hurt you. I’m just trying to make the search party leave this place. I don’t want them to disturb me before I’m done.” 
He knows we’re searching for her, and he’s doing this because he doesn’t want to be disturbed? What is he trying to do? Assemble this car? 
The woman finally quieted down and leaned back against the chair, waiting for him to finish assembling the car. 
About half an hour later, the mechanic finally attached the last part of the car, and a Hummer SUV with full spec was born. 
When she noticed it, the woman started struggling, telling him to free her. After all, that was what he promised her. 
The mechanic turned around to look at her. He took his gloves off and wore his black-rimmed glasses, resuming his sheepish demeanor. 
When he tore the black tape off the woman’s mouth, she frowned, as if it hurt her. However, the man didn’t tear it away too roughly, so it didn’t hurt much. 
“Want some water?” 
“No!” Sabrina glared at the man hatefully. “What do you want, Isaac? My brother set this up so he can arrest The Coffee Shop’s boss. Now that he knows it’s you, you’re never getting away with it! He’ll find you wherever you are!”
“I know. That’s why I’m not running.” Isaac poured her a glass of water, still calm and collected. 
Yes, The Coffee Shop’s boss was none other than Isaac. Sebastian spent a long time trying to find out who the boss was, but none of them ever suspected Isaac. 
It was just unbelievable since Isaac was their friend. Or at least they thought he was. 
Sabrina didn’t drink the tea. Instead, she kept glaring at Isaac. 
Isaac realized it, and he felt crestfallen. A moment later, he looked down and put the cup of tea beside her. 
No matter how they looked, they still couldn’t believe Isaac was the notorious boss of The Coffee Shop. Even until now, he was still the same timid guy they knew. 
However, Sabrina couldn’t deny that he was the man they were looking for. After all, after he brought her to this garage, she saw him tearing off the mask and his wig, revealing his true identity to her. 
“What do you want? You said you’ll let me go after you’re done with your work. You’ve finished assembling your car, so can you let me go now?” Sabrina asked him to let her go again. 
Isaac looked at her. “You can’t escape.” 
“What?” 
“I must die here today. If your search party can’t do the job, that guy behind me is going to finish the job. This is the safest place you can be at for now.” He sat down on the chair casually, holding his forehead with his hand. 
If she didn’t know better, Sabrina would have thought he was talking about what he would have for lunch later.
###Chapter 1183
Chapter 1183
Chapter 1183 Illegitimate Child 
Sabrina was shocked that Isaac would tell her about the situation he was in. 
Shouldn’t he be more on guard around me? I’ve tricked him once back in the forest. If it weren’t for me acting as the bait, he wouldn’t have gone this far. 
She knew Sebastian would come for her, so she told Isaac confidently, “Don’t worry about it. My search party’s going to take me away without a hitch.” 
But to her surprise, the moment she said that, Isaac sneered. 
“Don’t count on it. Do you know how the sniper got him back at Bellridge? Because it’s nuclear wave bullets. It is the latest tech made by illegal firearm dealers. And this place has a ton of that stuff around it.” 
A solemn silence fell upon the garage. Devin was already geared up and was about to sneak in, disarm the bomb, and save Sabrina. But when he heard what Isaac just said, he stopped himself. 
He knew how powerful nuclear wave bullets were since they almost melted him into a puddle. Now that the whole place had that same stuff lying around, he couldn’t just go in as he planned. 
Once again, he had to stop his mission, but he wouldn’t look away from the garage. His eyes were filled with murderous intent as if he was a tiger waiting for the perfect chance to pounce at its prey. 
After Sabrina was done processing the new information, she stopped struggling, but she asked, “Why? Why did you turn out like this?” 
Why did I turn out like this?
Isaac felt like laughing at that stupid question. 
I didn’t turn out like this. I am already like this to begin with. It hasn’t even been that long since we met. Only a year since your aunt introduced me to you. 
God, she’s so stupid. 
He had to try his hardest to hold back his laugh, and he answered, 
“I have always been like this.” 
“What?” 
“What I’m saying is I’m not a good person to begin with. After I was accepted to a famous college in Jadeborough when I was eighteen, I was kidnapped right before I even stepped foot in it.” 
He was kidnapped? 
Sabrina stared at him, surprised that he could talk about it so calmly. 
This guy is only a couple of years younger than me. Which makes him around thirty years old. But the government was cracking down hard on kidnappings twelve years ago, so how did this happen? 
Didn’t his parents get worried? 
“What happened then?” 
“Nothing. Just trapped in a hellish training camp for three years. And then I became a part of The Coffee Shop.” When he talked about his past, it inevitably brought up some dark memories, and his eyes glinted with the same malice back at the forest.
Nobody was born evil. Not even Isaac. He turned out the way he was because of the environment around him. After all, he was just an eighteen-year-old boy when he was kidnapped. There was no way he could resist the forces then. 
Sabrina was surprised, but not just because of Isaac’s depressing past. She also realized that Isaac wasn’t The Coffee Shop’s boss based on his testimony. 
So who’s the real boss then? 
She was shaken to her core at the thought that the real boss was still at large. 
“Why did they kidnap you then? All of you are famous martial artists, so why did they kidnap a teenager like you back then?” 
“You know, I had the same question as you back then.” Isaac laughed at himself, but a moment later, his eyes were filled with hatred again. 
“But then I found out why.” 
“So what’s the reason?” 
“My father.” He sneered. “They made him the top dog of the nation, and he sold his son to the devil. Not long after I was kidnapped, my half-brother was taken in as well.” 
Sabrina couldn’t believe what she was hearing. The news was no less than a bomb for her. She stared at him in disbelief, trying to process what he just said. 
His father is the top dog of the nation? Then that means… 
“It can’t be. Y-You’re…”
He mocked, “Exactly. What? You think Sebastian has me in the palm of his hands? Hmm, I bet he thinks that too, or else he wouldn’t have locked Colton in The Ataraxy.” He sounded sarcastic. 
Then, he turned to look at Sabrina. 
She didn’t know what to say to that.
###Chapter 1184
Chapter 1184
Chapter 1184 Will You Remember Me One Day 
That was Oceanic Estate’s top secret. Back when Alfred lost power, Sebastian went to see him in the White House once. After noticing how Alfred panicked when his illegitimate son was brought up, Sebastian had since kept an eye on Alfred’s son. 
That person was none other than Colton, Jared’s son. 
The question was, why’d Colton turn out to be Alfred’s son? Nobody knew what Sebastian had in mind back then, but if it weren’t for the sudden change, ‘Colton’ would have been seen as Alfred’s illegitimate son back then. 
“I would have been Colton if I hadn’t been switched out when I was a kid. But alas, I have always been nothing but a pawn. That was why I was sent to the Sheerwood family and taken to that training camp when I was eighteen. They made me a killer, but that b*stard father of mine knew nothing about it.” 
Isaac finally cackled like a maniac, his sanity snapping at that point. He wouldn’t stop laughing, as if he was cracking the biggest joke in the world instead of recounting a tragedy. He was in tears, but his face was contorted with rage. 
Sabrina was at a loss for words. This was probably the most ridiculous tales she had ever heard. Isaac should have been someone’s son, but he was switched since young and became the very thing that killed his own father. 
No wonder he turned out the way he did. 
“So you killed the real boss?” 
“Yes.”
Sabrina had a hard time processing the information, but she managed it in the end. Finally, she looked at him and asked, “So whose side are you on? If you took over The Coffee Shop for your family, don’t you think it’s pointless now that your father and brother are dead? But if you’re doing it for revenge, why did you kill so many people for that guy?” 
Isaac froze. 
Yeah. What am I doing? The Whites have been wiped out, so why did I even take over The Coffee Shop and help them with their dirty work? 
Did they really manage to convince me? Will I really find peace after they get their hands on all the power they want? 
Isaac was in a dilemma, but his phone rang a moment later, and he took the call. “Hello?” 
“Where are you, Isaac? Save us! Someone tied your father and me to a mast! Come and save us, please!” a woman sobbed painfully on the phone. Isaac’s face fell, and he shot up. 
“Stop it right now! Let them go now!” he roared hysterically into the phone. At long last, Isaac lost his composure. His eyes were dyed crimson with murder, and he would go on a rampage if he couldn’t calm down soon. 
Sabrina knew he’d go to his adopted parents’ rescue, so the moment he stepped out of the garage, she slowly moved toward the table before her. 
The remote control for the bomb on her was right on the table, but the moment she moved, an electric current traveled up from underground. 
“Ah-”
She let out a scream. Isaac was about to leave, but he stopped in his tracks and turned around. When he saw what happened, he went back without a moment of hesitation. 
But it was too late. The bomb had activated. 
All the color drained from Sabrina’s face. At the same time, Devin broke in from above. He was wearing a pair of custom-made gloves, thinking that he might have a chance to disarm the bomb on Sabrina with it. 
But the bomb’s countdown ticked too quickly for him. Because of the nuclear wave, the countdown went from thirty seconds to a mere seven right away. 
Just when they thought all hope was lost, someone yanked the wires that were protruding from the ground, much to Sabrina’s surprise. 
It was like a scene out of a movie. The electric current that traveled across the wires was visible to the human eye. Obviously, it was dangerous, but still, someone grabbed it with his bare hands, and thanks to that, the countdown slowed down. 
Sabrina looked at the person who saved her. 
He couldn’t even maintain his form because of the current, but still, he looked at her and said, “R-Run!” His lips were turning purple already, but he managed to say that to her. 
Run? He wants me to run? 
Sabrina was starting to tremble. She didn’t know how to describe what she was feeling, but when she saw the electric current slowly engulfing the man, she felt something hammering away at her chest. 
Just like how it was when we couldn’t get the marriage certificate.
Eventually, Sabrina managed to escape with Devin’s help. Devin took advantage of the opening and yanked the bomb away from Sabrina. Then he held her in his arms and made a run for it. 
Boom! 
And not a moment too soon, since the bomb went off almost after they escaped. The mercury bomb set off a chain reaction, activating all the nuclear wave bombs underground. 
All Sabrina heard was a deafening boom coming from behind, then a gigantic heatwave sent them flying more than ten meters ahead before they fell with a thud.
###Chapter 1185
Chapter 1185
Chapter 1185 She Cried 
“Ahem, ahem, ahem…” 
A stabbing pain expanded from Sabrina’s chest, and agony was the only thing she felt the moment she woke up. She tried to cough, but that only made the pain even more intense. 
“You’re awake. So, how do you feel? Are you fine?” someone asked her gently, but all she could do was cough in response. Seeing that, the man helped her up and let her lean against him. 
Only then did Sabrina feel better. Eventually, she opened her eyes, and the first thing she said was, “Devin?” 
“I’m here.” Devin nodded gently. He had a gentle personality to begin with, and seeing Sabrina’s injuries made him act gentler than he usually did. 
Sabrina was still in a state of shock from the explosion, but his voice calmed her down. “We got out of that alive? Where are we?” 
“Yes. We’re at the hospital. Sebastian’s coming over.” 
Sebastian? She thought about her brother, who was staying at Oceanic Residence, and she shuddered in Devin’s arms. 
The explosion back at Sheerwood residence might not have happened if she didn’t try to take the remote control. After all, before his death, Isaac told her she’d be fine if she stayed in the garage. It was the safest place for her at the time being. 
But right after he said that, the explosion happened. He didn’t seem to be lying, so the only explanation was that she pulled the trigger the moment she tried to get her hands on the control.
Oh crap. He’s going to yell at me, isn’t he? He set this whole thing up, but I ruined it. 
Sabrina got nervous at the thought of that. 
But much to her surprise, the man who came in with her checkup results from a while later wasn’t the person she had in mind. Instead, it was a young man wearing a pair of gold-rimmed glasses. 
“Why are you—” 
“Are the results out?” Devin wasn’t surprised to see him in the hospital. After that man came in, Devin looked at the papers he was holding and asked about Sabrina’s condition. 
Solomon nodded. “Yes, and she’s fine, but I suggest that you two stay here and don’t go anywhere. This motherload of an explosion terrorized the whole city. The government’s calming the crowd, but there is no guarantee they won’t do anything. Not to mention Avenport’s not far away, and she’s not exactly a nobody.” 
He scoffed at Sabrina, much to her annoyance. 
What’s this b*stard doing looking at me like that? Does he want to pick a fight? Oh, someone’s getting ahead of himself, huh? 
Sabrina was furious, though it was weird. Sebastian and Solomon were her brothers, but she treated them differently. Sabrina was scared of Sebastian, so she wouldn’t do anything funny around him. 
However, when it came to Solomon, all she wanted to do was to kick his butt. And she’d do it for no particular reason. Most probably because she wanted to patch and install her broken dignity through Solomon. 
“Sure. She’s all yours for now. I have something else to settle.” Devin stood up. He wanted to go out to settle some stuff.
Sabrina was surprised that he was leaving so soon, but she realized what he wanted to do, so before he left, she asked, “Where are you going? Are you saving his dad and mom?” 
She didn’t say Isaac’s name out loud, but she was obviously worried. 
Devin stopped in his tracks and turned around a moment later. “No. They’re gone right when that explosion happened. I’m going to deal with the aftermath.” 
Sabrina was quiet. She stared at him dumbly, trying to say something, but she couldn’t. No matter what she did, not a word would come out. 
So they’re dead as well. After he died, his parents suffered the same fate as he did. Why did it turn out like this? 
After all Isaac did, after all that struggle, after all the dirty work he did for those b*stards, he couldn’t save a single person. Not the Whites, not his adopted family, not even himself. 
The only person he managed to save was Sabrina. 
Sabrina slowly stared down. She tugged at the blanket and slowly pulled her knees up until she could bury her head between them. A moment later, Solomon and Devin saw her burying her head between her knees and burst into tears. 
It was the first time she cried for Isaac. She never loved him, but he left an indelible mark in her heart with that explosive, heartbreaking death. She knew she would never forget him for the rest of her life. 
Devin came out of the hospital, while Solomon followed behind. 
“Don’t blame her. Isaac’s a b*stard, but he truly loved her.” 
“I know.” Devin smiled, saying that he didn’t mind.
Solomon heaved a sigh of relief. 
“So what now? Are you going to talk to the cops? They have Rosie and Seamus’ bodies. But I don’t think for you to show your face. Why don’t I do it for you? It’s better that way.” 
Devin stopped for a moment to dwell on the matter.
###Chapter 1186
Chapter 1186
Chapter 1186 The Killer 
There were two reasons he wanted to take Rosie and Seamus’ bodies back. First, he wanted to cremate them and give them a proper burial. But there was another important reason as well. 
Devin heard that someone tried to save Rosie and Seamus before their deaths, but they failed in the end. After that, Rosie and Seamus’ bodies were thrown into the sea. The question is, who tried to save them? 
Isaac’s boss must have been the one who took Rosie and Seamus away, but this person tried to save them. Whose side are they on? Are they Isaac’s allies? 
Devin had to go and take a look no matter what. With Isaac gone, Devin no longer had a lead. The public might not know this, but Sebastian could only attack five medal holders, since none of them had any dirt on the remaining five. 
“Thanks, but I’ll deal with it myself. You just take care of Sabrina.” 
“No problem,” Solomon agreed readily. 
Devin went to the police station right after that. 
He didn’t talk too much and cut to the chase immediately, “Hi, I’m here to claim the bodies that were thrown into the sea. Where are they now?” 
“And you are?” As he expected, the officer wanted to know who he was the moment he made that request. 
Devin smiled. “I’m Isaac’s friend. Knew him overseas. I heard about his family problem, so I came here as soon as I could. Here’s my card.”
He handed his card over to the officer to prove his identity. Nobody but him knew that it was a multipurpose card. Devin came up with it back when he was with the special forces. Whenever someone wanted to verify his identity, he’d give them the card. Even if they suspected something, the special forces would fill in the blanks whenever someone tried to look up on his details. 
Thanks to that, he managed to slip in a lot of places undetected. 
Devin looked at the officers calmly, expecting them to run a search. He thought they should be alert, but much to his disappointment, the officer only glanced at it once. 
“Come with me then.” 
The officers walked away, apparently leading him to where the bodies were. A frown creased Devin’s forehead, but he kept his card and followed them into the station. 
After he came inside, he understood why the officers didn’t run a search, since the office was in chaos. Because of the explosion at Sheerwood residence, the whole city was whipped into panic mode, and the staff members had to answer ten calls at the same time. 
Even so, the phones wouldn’t stop ringing, and the staff kept running around to answer the calls at the same time. Some of the higher-ranked officers would shout at everyone from time to time. Devin even bumped into some officers who didn’t watch where they were going, since they had too much work on their plate. 
“Are you alright? Sorry for the chaos today. Your friend’s case is a bit of a mess to handle.” 
“It’s fine,” Devin answered calmly. All his complaints from earlier disappeared since he could understand why they let their guard down. 
Eventually, Devin came to the mortuary.
The officers who led him here said, “They’re here, but you can’t claim them just yet. We still have to find some clues, so all you can do is take a look.” 
Devin looked at them again. As far as he knew, the ten medal holders had lackeys and cronies everywhere in the nation. He thought they’d dispose of the bodies as soon as possible right after the murder, or the police might trace it back to them. 
But now they’re saying they still haven’t found the murderer? 
Devin was slightly confused, but a part of him felt glad. He was glad because at least a part of the nation remained uncorrupted by the medal owners. 
Truly, he was delighted. 
Devin closed the door and went to examine to bodies. At the same time, he called someone in Jadeborough. 
The phone beeped twice, and someone picked it up. “Hello?” the man said coldly. Even though they were on the phone, Devin could still feel his unabated fury from the mortuary. 
But he didn’t argue, so he sighed. “I’m at the police station now. Isaac’s parents’ bodies are in the mortuary. The cause of their death is drowning, but there’s an injury on his mother’s arm.” 
After he heard that, the man finally calmed down a little. “What are you trying to say?” 
Devin snapped a photo of the body and sent it to the man. 
A short while later, the man asked, “You’re saying someone tried to rescue her when she was tied to the mast?” 
“Yes.”
I like talking to smart people. They catch on fast. 
“The guy probably tried to cut the rope that was tying Rosie and Seamus up, but he failed, so they were thrown into the sea,” Devin analyzed the cut on the Rosie’s arm. 
The man was quiet for a few moments after hearing the report. Devin wondered what he was thinking, but he didn’t disturb the man. Instead, he turned on the speakerphone feature, put the phone aside, wore a pair of white rubber gloves, and went to take a closer look at the bodies. 
“The cut is made by a scalpel,” the man suddenly said. 
Devin was going to take a closer look, but he paused. “What did you say?”
###Chapter 1187
Chapter 1187
Chapter 1187 A Spoiled Man 
Sebastian answered, “Scalpels are razor thin, so they only leave small injuries. Since it’s used in surgeries, it’s different from your regular knives. Look at the end of the cut. It obviously arches outward, so it has a circular blade. It’s the same kind of scalpel doctors use to remove skin and muscles.” 
Devin could not believe what he was hearing. He stood beside the bodies, his mouth forming a comical ‘O.’ 
Since he used to be a commander of the special forces, he knew a lot of stuff most people didn’t. However, now he knew Sebastian was leagues ahead of him, and that reality was hard to accept. 
We’re both from the same family. Did God bless him with two thousand IQ instead of the usual one? Man, he’s in a league of his own. 
“You there? Talk to me.” 
Devin snapped out of it. What Sebastian told him to remind him of a certain someone, so he asked, “Oh, right, okay. So are you saying the one who tried to save them has a scalpel? Are you trying to say Janice was the one who tried to bust them out?” 
Sebastian didn’t deny it, just as Devin expected. 
Oh, he didn’t deny it? 
That piqued Devin’s curiosity, especially when he was reminded of another problem. “Sebastian, how did you know Alfred’s son is in The Ataraxy? If I remember correctly, you just regained consciousness back then, so how did you find out about him so quickly?”
Devin’s question was an insensitive one, and an awkward silence fell between them. It wasn’t the best question to ask, for that was the only time the undefeated Sebastian was… well, defeated. 
The moment he asked that question, Devin could feel Sebastian’s frustration welling up even through the phone. 
“But I got it wrong, didn’t I?” 
“Yes, but just because those b*stards are more cunning than we thought they are. Who would have thought they made the switch thirty years ago? Even Alfred did not know about it, so who else could?” 
He emphasized the last part so Sebastian wouldn’t fly into a rage. 
They knew each other since they were teenagers, and Sebastian hated it whenever someone made him angry. Because of that, Devin knew he had to calm him down, or Sebastian would keep throwing a tantrum. 
Besides, it wasn’t Sebastian’s fault. After all, everything happened thirty years ago. Sebastian was just a kid back then, so there was no way he could have seen that far back. 
Even Alfred was fooled, let alone an outsider like Sebastian. 
“Because Alfred is a fool who didn’t even know his son had been switched. Ironically, he switched Jared’s son, but he never thought the same fate would fall on him.” 
Ah, he has calmed down a little. At least he’s talking business while insulting Alfred. 
But still, what Sebastian said surprised Devin. 
So Alfred switched Jared’s son for his own? But that means Jared’s son is still missing. So where is he right now?
“I think he is dead. Do you think Alfred would keep him around as a souvenir?” Sebastian mocked cruelly. 
Devin said nothing. After all, he wouldn’t put that past someone like Alfred. However, he pitied Jared. Not only did he raise someone else’s child, but his own son was also killed. 
Devin didn’t know how to describe his feeling, since Jared was also a part of his family. “Why’d you know all of this? Did you find something? You didn’t sound surprised when you said Janice was the one who tried to save Isaac’s parents. You must have found something. Isaac is Alfred’s son, so-” 
Sebastian interrupted him, “No, Alfred didn’t play a part in this. It’s thanks to Janice’s sister, Felicity.” 
Sebastian only told him about the person who was involved and nothing else, but Devin was still stunned. Felicity? 
He never heard that name before, but Sebastian didn’t sound like he wanted to talk about it anymore. Besides, he had never heard about this woman even though she was related to Jadeborough’s top dog, so he could guess what Felicity’s fate was. 
After Devin was done with the procedure, he went back to the hospital. 
The moment he came back to the ward, Sabrina who had been waiting for him asked, “So? Is it done? I’ve picked a place in the cemetery for them, and we can send them there right away. 
Devin stopped for a moment. He’d be lying if he said he wasn’t jealous when he saw how worried and anxious Sabrina was at that moment. 
She didn’t spare a sliver of affection for Isaac when he was alive, but she treated him as a family after his death. She even made arrangements for Isaac’s deceased parents’ burial.
“Not yet. Cops said they have to find more clues, so not for now,” Devin lied, but only partly. 
Sabrina looked crestfallen after hearing that, but she didn’t say anything about that. All she did was stare at her phone blankly. 
Devin was annoyed, so he pretended not to see the chat window on her phone and the blurry island photo in the background. 
He just looked at the time instead.
###Chapter 1188
Chapter 1188
Chapter 1188 Jealousy 
“Shall we go back? It’s getting late.” 
“Back where?” 
“Back to Jadeborough, of course. Our daughter is still at home.” Devin reminded Sabrina. 
When Sabrina heard that, she finally snapped out of her daze. 
“Now? But… But we still have unfinished business here.” Surprisingly, she was unwilling to leave, preferring to stay until everything was settled. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll take care of everything here. You’re injured, and Jaena is waiting at home. It’s better for you to go back.” Devin tried to coax her. 
Sabrina lowered her head in silence. 
Devin frowned as he felt a prick in his heart. 
He understood that Sabrina wanted to personally attend to the funeral arrangements of the Sheerwoods out of guilt. She probably wanted to compensate them and redeem herself. However, this was not a safe place for her to stay. 
Hence, he decided to be more assertive. “Let’s go. I’ll walk you out.” 
With that, he walked straight to her bedside and got ready to scoop her up in his arms to carry her out. 
Unexpectedly, as he stretched out his arms, Sabrina shrank away from him. “I-I don’t want to go back. Devin, can I… attend to their funeral arrangements personally? Sasha will look after Jaena. I just want to stay until their bodies are properly buried, and I’ll go home after that. Please?”
When she lifted her head, he saw her usually bright and cold eyes were red and brimming with tears. 
Devin was at a loss for words. 
His clenched hands froze mid-air, and his fingertips even turned a little pale. Finally, he yielded. 
Sabrina remained in the hospital that night while Devin left after midnight. 
“Solomon, I’ll need to trouble you to keep an eye on things in the hospital. I have something else to attend to tonight,” he instructed Solomon before he left. 
Solomon was not the kind who liked to probe into other peoples’ affairs. Shortly after he hung up the phone, several men clad in black arrived at the hospital under the cover of the night. 
Their mission was to ensure Sabrina’s ward was tightly guarded. 
It was a very dark night. 
This city, located in the south, was not as bitterly cold as Jadeborough. However, the air seemed especially frigid and almost bone-chillingly cold at that time. 
Devin drove his car to a high-class neighborhood full of luxury villas. 
Datura flowers? 
He took out the airtight bag from his car again and ascertained that the s found on the bodies were the same datura flowers blooming out of season at the entrance to this villa compound. 
Turning off the car engine, he then got out of the vehicle. 
A few minutes later, he heard sounds of people fighting coming from one of the villas, which still had its lights on.
Crash! 
An unknown was sent smashing to the ground with a loud crash. 
Like a leopard, he hopped into the villa’s front yard before swiftly climbing up to the balcony on the second floor. 
Crack! 
There were indeed people embroiled in a fight inside the villa. As soon as he reached the second floor, he heard what sounded like someone’s bones cracking. 
He also could not help noticing the strong fragrance of datura flowers in the air. 
“Useless things! All of you, go and kill her now!” The booming voice of a man was heard coming from downstairs. He sounded like he was seething with murderous rage. 
It was as if he wanted his enemy to be torn into pieces! 
Devin walked into the unlit second floor. No one noticed him in the pitch darkness. Still shrouded in the fragrance of the datura flowers, he casually walked to the top of the staircase and looked down. 
It was a woman dressed in black, and her hair was held up with a wooden stick. 
Although five or six burly men surrounded her, she appeared utterly unfazed. Armed with a silver metallic that glistened under the lights, she moved so swiftly and nimbly that even Devin was impressed. She’s a good fighter indeed. 
Slash! 
In no time, she slit one of her opponents’ throats with the weapon in her hand.
The man collapsed onto the floor as blood spurted out from his throat like a fountain. The scent of datura flowers that had permeated the room earlier seemed to have grown fainter as the smell of fresh blood began to hang more thickly in the air. 
“You…” The potbellied, middle-aged man who was giving instructions to the fighters watched the scene unfold before his eyes in a mix of horror and fury. His face began to pale. 
However, the woman was unstoppable. 
Her appetite for killing seemed to have been whet by the first life that she took. With a flick of her wrist, she rotated the silver blade in her hand so quickly that all he saw were silver spots. 
Schluk! Schluk! 
The sounds of something sharp stabbing into human flesh rang out. 
Three of the men who had surrounded her earlier collapsed onto the floor. 
Madness! This is madness! Fear was written all over the middle-aged man’s face as he gingerly stepped back from the scene of the bloodshed. While the woman was engaged in an exchange of blows with the two remaining fighters, he dashed to a cupboard and drew out a gun.
###Chapter 1189
Chapter 1189
Chapter 1189 Separated 
The woman’s face changed when she caught sight of his action. 
Just then, a bullet was fired from the floor above. 
Bang! 
Blood splattered everywhere as the bullet penetrated the man’s wrist right when he was about to pull the trigger. The gun slipped out of his hand and fell to the floor with a crash. 
A blood-curdling cry rang through the entire villa. 
The woman appeared to be slightly shocked by the turn of events. 
By the time she recovered and killed off her last two opponents, she noticed that a tall man was emerging from the darkness on the second floor. 
It was a young man whom she had never met before. 
He had a handsome face and a well-built body, but there seemed to be something malevolent about him. 
“Who are you?” the woman asked guardedly. 
Devin felt a mix of emotions as he looked at her face, stained with blood and devoid of her usual tenderness. “I’m Edmund, Benedict Cooper’s son.” 
“Who?” The moment she heard the words, her eyes widened, and her face paled. She stumbled a few steps backward as if the person standing before her was an abominable beast.
Indeed, the Coopers were her sworn enemies. 
Noticing that she had put up her guard, Devin quickly tried to set her heart at ease. “Don’t worry. I’m not on his side. My purpose in coming here is to ask you a question. Are you the one who saved Isaac’s foster parents?” 
“So what if I am? Why else would I fight my way in here?” the woman admitted without hesitation. 
As she spoke, her eyes flashed with murderous intent, and she emanated a deadly aura. It was as if she was getting ready to attack Devin if he said anything else. 
Devin was silent. 
He wondered what a person would have to experience to go through such a change. In his memory, he still remembered her as Janice from the Jadeson family in Gossamer Creek. 
Janice was gentle, good-natured, and always had a smile on her face. At Oceanic Estate, she greeted everyone politely and graciously, including Devin. 
However, things were different now. 
Devin squeezed the gun in his hand as he shifted his gaze away from the face before him that was beginning to look ferocious. “Did he kill his foster parents?” 
“He did!” 
“How are you related to the Sheerwood family? Why are you revenging him? Isaac is the head of The Coffee Shop. The person who wants to kill him is the one backing him. Aren’t you afraid they’ll come after you for what you’ve done?” Deciding to stop beating around the bush, Devin asked her point- blank about her actual relationship with Isaac.
Janice’s face was filled with shock when she heard his questions. Does he actually know Isaac’s real identity? 
However, she recollected herself quickly when she remembered that this person before her was a Cooper. Since Benedict was the same sort of person as she was, it was no wonder that his son would know as much as he did. “What about you? Now that you’re appeared here and shot that guy over there, aren’t you afraid too?” 
“I’m not. Since my dad was killed by them, they’re precisely the ones I’m looking for!” Devin decided to be forthright and brought up Benedict. 
It had an instant effect on Janice. She seemed to let down her guard a little. Even her facial expression began to look more relaxed. “So your dad was killed by them. I guess you’re planning to take revenge on them?” 
“You’re right!” 
“Haha! Do you think it’s going to be that easy? As you’ve seen for yourself, my nephew was their right- hand man, yet they decide to get rid of him as they wish!” Janice was seething with rage as she spoke. 
Nephew? Devin finally got the answer that he was setting her up to spill. Suddenly, he let out a sigh as he fixed his gaze on Janice. When I called Sebastian in the afternoon, he mentioned the name “Felicity Durant.” Now I see that Isaac is not Janice’s son. He is the son of Felicity, her older sister. 
“So, how did you track down your nephew? If my memory serves me right, you used to be part of The Coffee Shop as well.” 
“Yes, I went to that godforsaken place only to look for him.” There was a pained expression on Janice’s face as she spoke.
She squeezed the scalpel in her hand as she recalled her tragic past. At one point, she was so agitated that her hands were trembling. “Years ago, my sister was duped by that heartless jerk. He told her that he’d marry her once he’d reached Jadeborough. However, once he entered the local government, she didn’t hear from him again. Being unmarried and pregnant, she didn’t dare to remain at home. So she sneaked her way to Jadeborough to look for the heartless man.” 
I suppose this heartless man is Alfred White? Devin knitted his brows as he asked broodingly, “What happened next?” 
Eyes brimming with tears, Janice continued, “My sister promised to write to me once she reached Jadeborough. However, I only received three letters from her before she stopped writing completely.”
###Chapter 1190
Chapter 1190
Chapter 1190 Hatred 
“Did you know that in the last letter, she wrote that she had given birth to a baby boy? When I received it, everyone in the country was abuzz about the news of that scoundrel’s extravagant wedding to the high-ranking official’s daughter. However, there was no mention of it in my sister’s letter! She was a fool. A fool that kept protecting that jerk until her last dying breath!” Janice burst out tearfully. Even to that day, the mere mention of that incident made her tremble with anger and sadness. 
It hurt so much that she could barely breathe. 
What he did was unforgivable and inhumane. He deserves nothing less than to be hacked into a million tiny pieces! 
No one knew the state Felicity was in when she had her child, but it was not too difficult to imagine that she must have felt hopeless. That was because her son was sent away soon after that. 
The baby was supposed to be her only source of hope in living on. In the end, he became the Jadesons’ youngest son in The Ataraxy. 
Thereafter, there was no news of Felicity ever again. 
No one knew what happened to her. 
When Janice went looking for her in Jadeborough and met the man who had almost become her brother-in-law, he merely replied, “She’s gone.” 
She’s gone? That’s it? She went looking for him while she was pregnant, and he thinks he can brush me off just like that?
Not believing a word he said, Janice confronted him with the letters Felicity had written. She warned him that if he did not hand over her sister and nephew, she would expose his despicable actions to the world! 
Alfred’s career had just taken off, and he had just married a woman with family connections that could further his career. 
Hence, he was infuriated. 
Alfred had Janice restrained, then sent someone to Xenhall to poison her father, causing him to become paralyzed. It was sad to see the brave and daring man that even Jonathan had admired greatly end up like that. After that, Alfred threatened to kill Janice and her parents if she ever revealed anything. 
It was a bitter pill to swallow, but Janice had no other choice than to let it go. 
Empty-handed with a heart full of hatred and resentment, she left Jadeborough and returned to Xenhall. 
The terrible blow was too much for her parents, and they passed away not too long after that. 
Janice was devastated. After her parents’ funeral, the hatred within her could no longer be suppressed. Six years later, she finally went to Jadeborough again. 
By then, Alfred was already in the White House. 
That time, Janice knew better. Instead of going straight to Alfred, she made her investigations discreetly and set her sights on winning over the only family who could take on the White House, the Jadesons. 
Hence, she thought of ways to get closer to Kingston’s father, who was from Gossamer Creek.
He was not anyone important in the Jadeson family. After all, the Jadesons in Gossamer Creek were merely part of the extended family. Moreover, he was only in his twenties, so he did not have much power or authority in the family, to begin with. 
Nonetheless, Janice still chose him for only one reason. It was because she had learned of a mysterious organization in Jadeborough called The Coffee Shop. They were recruiting skilled fighters, and she wanted to join. 
Kingston’s father was the best choice because he was not particularly close to the Jadesons. 
Soon after, both of her wishes came true. 
Two years later, she gave birth to Kingston and had also proven herself to be an invaluable asset to The Coffee Shop. Thus, she was able to obtain more information. 
As part of her job, she also had to work for Alfred. 
“So, that was when you found out your sister’s son was at The Ataraxy?” Devin asked. 
“Yeah. The Coffee Shop was indeed working for Alfred. However, he didn’t know that they had all of his information. Eventually, I gained a reputation for being reliable and tight-lipped, and the task of keeping an eye on Alfred was entrusted to me. That was how I found out he’d sneak off to meet Colton once every three months,” Janice said with a satirical expression on her face. 
How ironic indeed. He thought he had reached the pinnacle of his career and was untouchable. Never in his wildest dreams could he imagine that the very people who worked for him would end up taking his life. 
Devin did not press further.
She did not need to say anything for him to guess what happened after that. 
The Coffee Shop is the most central intelligence organization for those guys. Since she was a core figure in the organization, she would’ve found out sooner or later that Colton is not her sister’s son. Eventually, she would’ve also learned about Isaac. As for her sister… 
Devin narrowed his eyes as he thought about Baylor, who joined The Coffee Shop too and wound up suffering a terrible death because of that matter. At the same time, he was reminded of Alfred, who was forsaken and used as a scapegoat. 
It all became clear to him. That must have something to do with Janice. 
Suddenly, the piercing sound of sirens filled the villa. 
When Devin heard the noise, he looked up at once. “What’s that?” 
Before he could get a clear look, Janice scowled. “D*mn it! They’re here! This man manages the place! He must’ve triggered the security system!”
###Chapter 1191
Chapter 1191
Chapter 1191 Where Is He 
Cursing, Janice spun around and immediately slit the throat of the middle-aged man that Devin had injured. 
Devin watched silently as the blood spurted everywhere. Frowning, he decided that the only thing they could do was to leave as quickly as possible. 
“Let’s go while we still have time!” 
“Okay,” Janice agreed. 
With that, they dashed out of the living room. 
At the same time, a beam of blue light shone from outside the villa. Before Devin could even react, Janice grabbed his arm from behind. 
“Get down!” she yelled. 
Bang! 
Devin had never seen anything like it before. 
The beam of bright light looked as beautiful as a shooting star. However, the moment it shone past the tops of their heads onto the villa, a deafening explosion sounded. Devin watched as it sent them flying through the air. 
Those ruthless sc*mbags! The day I get my hands on them, I’m going to bury them and all these deadly nuclear weapons they created at the bottom of the sea! 
“Are you all right?” Janice asked.
Devin was thankful that she had warned him. He did not know how, but he had barely suffered a scratch. 
“I’m fine,” he answered as he crawled up and patted the dust off him. 
Janice passed him a blue ring, then fished out the scalpel. 
“Put that on. If we manage to get out of here alive, let’s meet up at the pier.” With that, she rushed out immediately. 
Devin looked down at the ring. 
In truth, he did not have to be a part of this fight anymore. After all, he was not the real Edmund, so it would be better off for him to sit back and watch them fight among themselves. 
He stood there quietly for a while, listening to the sounds of blows being exchanged outside. 
In the end, he slipped on the ring and rushed out as well. 
Over at the hospital, Sabrina kept having dreams. In her dream, she was pregnant on an island, and someone was looking after her. 
Then, it switched to the scene of that explosion, where she saw that person’s face being electrocuted by an electric current. 
“Isaac!” she cried out suddenly, waking up from her dream with a jolt. 
It was only a dream. 
With her heart still pounding, she looked around at her surroundings and realized that she was in a hospital ward. A shaft of soft light filtered in, lighting up the quiet room.
Gradually, she began to calm down. 
However, when she tilted her head to the side, she caught a glimpse of a figure outside the ward. 
Who could it be? 
She froze. Someone came to her mind, and she called out, “Devin?” 
Outside the ward, the corridor was silent. There was no response. Usually, the man would appear once she called. Yet, there was no movement at all. 
The only thing she could see was the dimly illuminated corridor. 
Where is he? 
Finally, she seemed to sense that something was amiss. Or perhaps, she was finally truly awake and clear-headed. 
“Devin? Is that you outside?” 
Throwing back her duvet, she hurried over to the doorway without even stopping to put on her shoes and opened the door. 
“Ms. Sabrina!” 
The last thing she expected to see was two men in black suits appearing at the door. 
Sabrina stared at them, stunned. 
What’s the meaning of this? Why are there two men in black suits outside the ward? Why does this feel like déjà vu?
She felt a chill run down her spine as another familiar scene surfaced in her mind. Instantly, the color drained from her face. 
That’s it. It was just like this in Jetroina. I was locked up in a ward with people standing guard outside. Solomon told me he arranged for people to keep watch because he wanted me to get more rest instead of walking around. In truth, it was because he didn’t want me to find out that the person had died while carrying out the mission. Well, what’s the reason for this now? 
She began to tremble, and her hands and feet turned cold. An overwhelming sense of panic slowly descended upon her. All thoughts about her dreams and the emotions that had plagued her throughout the day disappeared. In their place was unbridled fear! 
“Where is he? Where did he go?” she demanded. 
“Ms. Sabrina…” 
“I asked you where did he go? Where?” she shrieked, losing control and throwing a fit as if she was a lunatic.
###Chapter 1192
Chapter 1192
Chapter 1192 Go Home 
When Sabrina sprinted out of the hospital, nobody dared to stop her. 
Given her combat skills and desperation, the bodyguards assigned by the Hayes family dared not subdue her by force. By the time Solomon got wind of what happened and rushed to the hospital, Sabrina was already gone. 
Instead of asking about Sabrina, he inquired about Devin. “Where did Edmund go?” 
The men in black suits hastened to reply, “We don’t know where he went. However, there was a loud explosion from one of the high-end villas in the western district.” 
The western district? An explosion? 
Solomon’s expression darkened. Taking some men with him, he headed there at once. 
In the western district, the sounds of fierce battle had stopped shortly after the explosion. 
Since both parties were skilled, no one held back, wanting to take their opponents down with the fastest speed. 
In a little more than ten minutes, Devin and Janice had killed all five people who tried to attack them. 
After the fight ended, Janice stood in front of one of the dead bodies, panting while wiping the blood off her face. She said to Devin, “I’ve heard plenty about the notorious reputation of Benedict Cooper’s son in Yorksland. I didn’t expect you to be so skilled.” 
Devin merely smiled and put away the gun he was holding.
Several minutes later, they quickly left the villa. Devin followed Janice to the pier she had mentioned earlier. 
“Where are you heading to after this? You’ve killed so many of their men today; I don’t think they’ll spare you,” said Devin. 
“I know that, but I still haven’t found my son,” she replied. 
Janice stood at the end of the pier with a sorrowful expression, gazing out toward the sea in the darkness. 
Devin fell silent. 
How should I reply to her? Should I tell her that I’ll help her to look for him? But I’m Edmund now. Still, I’m also a father, so I can understand the terror and torture of losing a child. 
In the end, Janice slowly got onto the speedboat. 
“Mr. Cooper, I have something for you,” she said. 
“What is it?” Devin asked, looking at her somewhat puzzledly. 
Janice did not elaborate. Instead, she took out a black USB drive and a map in a waterproof bag. 
“This is everything I’ve gathered while working at The Coffee Shop. The map shows all the locations of the firearms smugglers. In the USB drive is a list of everyone The Coffee Shop has worked for. Isaac gave it to me. Since you’re out to avenge your father, I think you’ll find it useful.” 
Devin’s head snapped up, and he stared at her. 
It was not only because it was such a big surprise, but also because he could not believe she would entrust something so important to him. Why would she give them to me? We only met briefly by
chance. Why would she give me these things that she risked her life to obtain? 
Looking at her intently, he began to sense that there was something amiss with her. 
After taking the things she handed him, he saw her body sway. The moment the engine roared to life and the speedboat moved forward, she smiled at him and collapsed. 
“Janice!” 
Horrified, Devin started running, intending to leap onto the speedboat. 
However, it was too late. When the speedboat was about thirty or forty meters away, there was an ear- splitting bang, and the boat exploded! 
Devin stared at it in shock. 
He stood there for a long time without moving an inch, watching as the boat burst into flames on the water and the debris raining down from the sky. 
Suddenly, a woman spotted him and threw herself at him, hugging him tightly from behind. 
“Hubby!” Sabrina cried out while sobbing. 
It was the first time she had ever called him like that after they got married. 
Devin trembled. 
After a few seconds, he slowly turned around. His expression was unfathomable. Gusts of chilly sea breeze blew on them as he looked down at her.
“I was wrong. I should have listened to you. Let’s return to Jadeborough at once! We’ll go home, back to our daughter. Let’s leave now, okay?” 
She lifted her tear-stained face toward him. 
With tears streaming down her cheeks, she apologized for making a terrible mistake. She regretted the decision she had made in the day. Instead of refusing to follow him, she should have gone back with him. 
She feared that he would refuse. Wearing only a thin hospital gown that flapped in the freezing wind, she held back her tears and pleaded carefully, “Let’s forget about everything here and leave now, okay?” 
This is the woman that I know, the one that only loves me. 
Wordlessly, Devin pulled her into his arms and embraced her tightly. 
Squeezing his eyes shut, he buried his wind-chilled face in the crook of her neck. Finally, he forced the words out of his mouth. “Okay. Let’s go home.” 
Yes, home. This terrible war is finally about to end. We should go home.
###Chapter 1193
Chapter 1193
Chapter 1193 Root Them All Out 
It was still dark when they returned to Jadeborough. Nonetheless, Devin departed immediately for Oceanic Estate. 
“Mr. Cooper? Is something wrong?” the housemaid who opened the door asked. 
“Where’s Sebastian? Is he asleep?” he asked, not wanting to waste his breath talking to the housemaid. 
To his surprise, she shook her head. “Not yet. He’s in the study. Are you here to see him?” 
Instead of replying, he brushed past the housemaid and walked in. 
He walked through the hall to the small building on the side. At first glance, he saw the room on the first floor. There was a soft, orange glow inside it. 
Although the light was not bright, it seemed warm and welcoming in the pre-dawn hours. 
He strode over to the room. 
The door creaked as he opened it, and a wave of warmth enveloped him. Tears stung his eyes. 
It’s my first time back here after everything that has happened. 
The people in the study froze in shock, especially the old, white-haired man by the fireplace. He raised his head, and his drowsy eyes widened when he was who it was. 
“Devin?” 
He got up abruptly, put down the cup of coffee in his hand with a clatter, and rushed up to the doorway.
Devin could not hold it in any longer. Hot tears rolled down his cheeks as he stood in front of the old man. “Grandpa, I’m back.” 
“You’re back! My eldest grandson… is finally home!” Jonathan choked out, overwhelmed with emotions. At that moment, the man who had never shed a single tear at the battlefield embraced his long-lost grandson with tear-filled eyes. 
After everything he had gone through, he finally understood that there was nothing more important than being surrounded by family. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian stood at one side, watching quietly. 
After making sure that the two men had calmed down, he pushed a fresh cup of coffee toward Devin. 
“Have you settled everything in Adonia?” 
“Yes. Janice is dead.” Devin lifted the cup to his lips and took a sip. The mere mention of that name brought a lump in his throat. 
Sebastian looked slightly astonished. “Dead? How did she die?” 
“She was severely injured while fighting with them, but I had no idea about it. When she got on the speedboat, she realized there was no way she’d escape. Hence, she blew up the speedboat,” Devin answered grimly. 
Indeed, Janice had committed suicide. 
Because it was dark when Devin and Janice left the villa, he could not see that clearly. As she had also hidden it very well, he did not have the faintest clue that she was seriously wounded. 
There was no other way out for her in such a state.
Rather than dying in the hands of others, she decided to take things into her own hands. 
With a gloomy look in his eyes, Devin took out two s and placed them on the desk. 
Sebastian looked puzzled. “This is…” 
“She gave this to me before her death. One of them contains the names of everyone The Coffee Shop has dealt with while the other shows the hideouts of the firearms smugglers and the military factory’s distribution point,” Devin explained. 
As expected, Sebastian’s usually calm, dark eyes lit up when he heard that. He then grabbed the two s and stared at them in disbelief. 
This is incredible! 
Jonathan was dumbfounded. “She gave something so important to you? Did you already reveal your identity to her?” 
Despite shaking his head, Devin knew deep down in his heart that her last smile was the same as how she used to smile at him. 
There was a hint of gentleness in her smile as well as a sense of familiarity. 
Once again, Devin felt a pang of heartache. 
That night, Sebastian did not do anything with the USB drive and the map. Rather, he waited until the next morning and had someone deliver them to Silas at the White House. 
Jonathan stomped his foot in anger when he found out about it.
“Why did you give them to him? It wasn’t easy to get our hands on them! What if he destroys them?” He fumed. 
A sneer hovered on Sebastian’s lips, and he replied curtly, “He won’t.” 
What happened after that proved that Sebastian made the right decision. Another crackdown began two days later. Since the order came from the highest-ranking official in the White House, it was carried out on a much larger scale. 
Many different departments were involved, from the anti-corruption department to the armed forces. 
The sight of so many people coming together was reminiscent of how they once united to set up a new regime. They rooted out all the scums who had broken the law for years before they could even react! 
Jonathan was dumbstruck. 
He still could not figure out how Silas had become a weapon in their hands. 
Meanwhile, after watching everything unfold, Sasha picked up a basket one sunny afternoon and went into the garden to look for the man picking flowers with his daughter.
###Chapter 1194
Chapter 1194
Chapter 1194 Do You Believe In Fate 
“Wow, Vivi! You and Daddy managed to cut so many!” 
“Yes, Mommy. But Daddy doesn’t know how to do it at all. Look, the flower petals have all fallen off.” 
The little girl was wearing a patterned parka with two uneven braids done by her aunt as she collected the branches she and her father had cut earlier. 
At the sight of her mother, she could not help but complain about the flowerless branch in hand. 
Sasha was utterly speechless at the pair of siblings when she saw how disheveled her daughter had gotten and how there were a bunch of branches that had gone to waste on the ground. 
“All right, that’s enough. I’ll handle this. Go ahead and play with your brothers.” 
“Okay, Mommy.” 
With that, Vivian left to look for her brothers happily in her puffy parka. 
Sighing, Sasha crouched down and started to put the branches that barely had some petals left into the basket. Only then did she look up at the man who was still cutting the branches seriously. 
“Sebby, is your sister experimenting on our daughter?” 
“What?” 
Sebastian, who was concentrating hard on cutting the branches, instantly turned to gaze at her. 
The woman picked up the basket and said, “Look, she’s either preparing some kind of cursed food for Vivi or playing with her hair. Our daughter even told me that Sabrina wanted her to try out her milk this
morning.” 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes at her words. 
After a moment, the sound of shears cutting the branches was heard, and he said coldly, “Tell her to get lost.” 
Sasha trembled at his words. 
Where is she supposed to go, then? Red Pavilion? 
All she could do was shut up. About half an hour later, the couple finally managed to get a few branches with flowers still on them. Just as Sasha got ready to head back, she looked up at the man with the basket in hand and asked, “Oh, that’s right. It’s almost New Year’s. Should we pay a visit to Aquene Temple? It seems like you aren’t too busy anyway.” 
Indeed, he had too much free time lately. He never went to the White House, nor did he hang around in the study. The man was either supervising his sons with their studies, making them nervous at the sight of him, or playing around with his daughter. 
If she had gotten to the garden a little later, Sebastian and Vivian would have destroyed all the flowers on the tree. 
Sasha waited for his answer, but he scowled instantly at the mention of a temple. 
“Why should we go there? Do you believe in that stuff?” 
“No. I just heard that the scenery there is really beautiful. We haven’t gone out to enjoy ourselves since we got here, have we? It’s a great time for us to visit places now since we’re both free,” she pleaded kittenishly.
Sasha was not a religious person. However, she had seen how he had gone through everything recently. Now that everything was over, she felt he should relax a little. 
Her heart ached for him. 
Fortunately, the man agreed to it after seeing how much she wanted to go. 
“All right, let’s go. Should we bring the kids along too?” 
“It’s fine. We’ll go ourselves.” Sasha wanted them to spend some time together because they had not had the chance to do that in a long time. 
Their original plan was that both of them would be the only ones going to Aquene Temple. 
However, right after they stepped out of Oceanic Estate the next day, they saw a black SUV. There was luggage inside, with a woman carrying a baby in the passenger seat. 
Both Sebastian and Sasha were rendered speechless. 
“Sorry. She heard that you guys are heading to Aquene Temple today and insisted on going there too. Apparently, she wants to pray for our daughter there.” 
There was another moment of silence. 
However, in the end, Sebastian and Sasha chose to tolerate them since they were family. 
And so, their sweet date for the day was ruined. Instead, it became a four-person trip. Well, rather, it became a five-person trip, including the baby. 
Sebastian’s expression was grim the whole journey there.
However, soon after they left downtown, their car drove up the mountain covered in fallen leaves, and his expression softened immediately from seeing the spectacular scenery outside. 
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” 
Sasha was also admiring the view outside. 
It was rumored that because of the thousand-year-old temple on the peak, the government forbade any development in the area. It was also why the towering trees around were able to stand tall for more than a thousand years. The mountain felt like a different world, where no killing or power struggle existed. 
All there was a peaceful paradise. 
Sebastian’s body relaxed at the sight outside. 
He, too, had never believed in religion. Ever since he found out about his sickness when he was ten, all he believed in was himself. 
That was how he had developed such a cruel and perverse personality.
###Chapter 1195
Chapter 1195
Chapter 1195 Kind-hearted Man 
Yet, now that he was in the temple accompanied by the smell of burning candles, the murderous intent that would usually be aroused easily died down as he stared at the praying monk. 
“What are you looking at, sir?” 
“Nothing.” 
He then looked away in a somewhat awkward manner. 
The monk smiled at his reaction. 
He put down the book he was holding and started to study the young man before him. 
He has good looks and has feminine features, which is rare. It’s not that he looks like a woman, but he has a great character according to phrenology, making him a powerful person. With looks like his, it means that he can be masculine but gentle at the same time. Though he wouldn’t be as tender as a woman can be, he would be a meticulous person and a deep one too. 
Shortly after, the monk retracted his gaze and said, “It seems to be your first time here.” 
“Yes,” Sebastian replied. 
“What is the purpose of your visit, sir? Do you have something you want to pray for?” 
Pray? 
A disdainful look instantly appeared on Sebastian’s face as he answered, “There isn’t.”
A burst of cheerful laughter rang out. “Really? All humans will have greed and hatred. Why did you come if you really didn’t have anything to pray for? Don’t you want the people you love to be happy and safe? And for those who care for you and have helped you, don’t you want them to live a good life?” 
Even though the monk’s tone was impassive and indifferent, his words were hard-hitting. 
Sebastian was starting to be infuriated, but after a moment, he asked grouchily, “Does it work?” 
“Of course. When you pray for something, you’re not really praying for God to take action for you. When you wish for someone to be happy and safe, you’ll work hard to achieve it. Take yourself as an example. Don’t you feel more peaceful now that the people you care for are finally safe and happy? I can see it from your eyes.” 
Sebastian’s eyes widened at the monk’s words. 
Peace? Is he really able to tell? 
He stared at the old monk, his mind in turmoil. 
“Are you sure I feel peaceful now?” 
“Yes. You’re a kind-hearted man, so it’s only natural that you’d feel peaceful.” 
Sebastian fell silent. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and Sabrina were paying their respect outside the temple. 
“Why did you think of bringing your kid here? I find it hard to believe that you’re a religious person based on your personality,” the former asked. 
She was surprised to see Sabrina praying with such sincerity, so she could not help but voice her curiosity.
Indeed, the eldest daughter of the Hayeses was not a religious person. 
Yet, she closed her eyes and prayed sincerely as she sat on the bench. 
Sasha stayed silent as she carried the baby while staring at the other woman. 
When Sabrina was finally done, she said, “I’m doing it for him.” 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
After that, she accompanied Sabrina around the temple. When they walked out, they saw a man talking to a young monk, who was sweeping up the fallen leaves under a maple tree. 
“Why aren’t you going in, sir?” 
“My wife is already in there with our child. By the way, you should fix up the place a little. The place looks like it’s going to collapse soon, so you should do something to the building’s foundation.” 
He was originally here with his wife and daughter. 
Yet, here he was, caring about a building’s foundation. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
She looked over, thinking that the woman beside her would be furious. 
Strangely, the eyes of the normally ill-tempered woman were gentle as she stared at the man some distance away. There was not a hint of fury at all. 
“Sab?”
“Look at that. Men really are different from each other. Yours is always caring for you and your family. But this fool is always caring for others no matter where he goes.” 
Sabrina chuckled. There was nothing she could do, but she did not feel angry at all. 
That’s right. That’s how my man is. Even though he isn’t as smart or powerful as my brother, he is still capable. Devin loves this country and every single person he serves to protect. That’s his best quality. 
Sasha was still dazed. 
She never knew that she would someday hear her say something so philosophical and profound. 
With her baby in her arms, Sabrina walked over to the man. Sasha heard her call out before reaching him, “Hubby!” 
Oh, well. I should go look for my own husband. 
She turned around, and soon after, under the guidance of a monk, she found Sebastian paying his respects along with an old monk.
###Chapter 1196
Chapter 1196
Chapter 1196 Gentle Eyes 
Sasha dared not head straight into the temple when she saw that everything was so solemn inside. Holding onto the door frame, she whispered, “Sebby?” 
Sebastian noticed her in an instant as he managed to hear her soft voice. 
“You’re here?” 
He completely ignored the monk beside him and looked over at her. 
Snowflakes fluttered down and reflected the sunlight as Sasha stood outside. She smiled and answered, “Yep. Sab and Devin went somewhere else to pay their respects, so I came here.” 
“Come in,” her husband said briefly after hearing her reply. 
The old monk turned to look at them. 
Those with overwhelming murderous intent would normally have eyes filled with hostility. These people were not easy to get along with and would appear intimidating to others. 
However, at that moment, as Sebastian stared and reached out to the woman walking in, his eyes were full of affection. 
“What are you doing? Were you praying?” 
Sasha walked in and interlaced her cold hands with the man’s warm ones. She was surprised to see that he seemed to be praying. 
Unable to control her expression, she blinked, and a look of disbelief surfaced on her face.
There was originally a gentle smile hanging on Sebastian’s lips. 
Yet, a moment later, Sasha noticed that his face had darkened. 
“No…” he answered after a beat. 
“No?” 
The woman found him hilarious. 
He’s already a grown man, but he still acts stubborn like our little Ian. 
Ignoring him, she sat beside him and said, “All right, then. So you weren’t praying. But I’m going to pray now. I’m praying for our children’s healthy and happy life.” 
“And I pray that my husband will be blessed. I pray that he will be safe and happy and that everything goes smoothly in his life,” she continued when Sebastian did not answer. 
A sly smirk hung on her lips as she spoke. 
She prayed out loud, and if it were not for the stare she felt coming from beside her, the woman would have gotten up when she was done. 
“Sir?” 
Sebastian had also noticed it, and he cast a cold gaze at the old monk. 
The latter finally snapped back to his senses and looked away awkwardly. 
“I’m sorry. I just noticed that you and your wife have completely different personalities. Please don’t be bothered by it, sir,” the old monk apologized for his actions.
Sebastian stayed silent, but the mild-mannered Sasha smiled and said, “It’s really a small matter, Master. While my husband is indeed a hot-headed person, he still has some good qualities.” 
“You’re a lucky one.” The old monk smiled and nodded. 
However, the way he looked at Sasha was different from when he looked at Sebastian earlier. 
With Sebastian, he was an expert who gave pointers and reminders. However, with Sasha, he had fallen into a trance to the point where he had forgotten the basic etiquette of a monk. 
No one knew the reason he was in a daze, though it could not be because Sasha was pretty. After all, he was an old monk, and she was a young woman. 
The couple left once they were done with their prayers. Since Sasha was hungry, they headed for the dining hall to get some food. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina and Devin had found a monk in charge of copying the scriptures in a meditation abode. The woman was trying hard to convince the monk to give her daughter a proper name. 
Devin stood beside her for some time before finally mustering the courage and said, “Darling, Grandpa will name our daughter.” 
“Huh?” 
Sabrina looked up at him in the middle of persuading the monk. 
“He’s the one who named most of the Jadesons. Mine, Sebastian’s, and also my dad’s generation. He named us after referring to our birthdays and birth signs.” 
“That’s right, miss. The person who names the child is really important. It has an effect on the baby’s life. Since there’s a wise man at home, you should go to him,” the monk chimed in.
Hearing that, Sabrina had no choice but to get up. 
The husband and wife left, and Jaena finally woke up. The three-month-old baby got busy studying her surroundings when she noticed that she was in a new place. She looked absolutely adorable as she scanned the area. 
Devin’s heart melted in an instant. 
“Call me dad, Jaena.” 
“Don’t be silly. She’s still a baby. How is she supposed to do that?” Sabrina was sulking since she was not able to get her child named. 
Frankly speaking, she wanted someone else to pick out the name because she could still be able to choose as there would be a few choices. However, if it were up to Jonathan, there would not be a chance to do so. 
Jonathan valued his children and grandchildren very much, so he would normally take the liberty of picking out their names himself. 
Devin was amused at the sight of his pouting wife. 
“What’s wrong? Are you still brooding over our daughter’s name? Grandpa likes to give us names with meaning. You can think of something and let him know before he does it.”
###Chapter 1197
Chapter 1197
Chapter 1197 Your Face 
“Names that mean something?” 
“Grandpa would name us after our birth signs. There are four elements: fire, earth, air, and water. The fire signs are Aries, Leo, and Sagittarius. Earth signs are Taurus, Virgo, and Capricorn. Air signs are Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius. And finally, the water signs are Cancer, Scorpio, and Pisces,” he explained. 
It was true that Jonathan viewed the signs with great importance. He was very careful with the names he had picked out. 
That was why the Jadesons had pretty good names. 
Sabrina was not really good with her studies during her schooling days, so she was quite lost even after the explanation. 
“Then… How will our daughter be named?” 
“Besides the birth signs, he would probably also take note of the generation our daughter is in.” 
“Really?” 
The woman’s eyes widened. 
She was stunned, and a strange feeling arose in her heart. Sabrina finally felt like she belonged in the family now. 
Her daughter was going to be named by Jonathan after all. 
As she was no longer angry, a smile finally appeared on her face.
Around four in the afternoon, the four of them finally decided to head home. Since the roads were too slippery from the snow, they decided to drive one of their cars home and leave the other on the mountain. 
Devin was in charge of driving during their journey home. Sasha and Sabrina took the back seat with the baby while Sebastian took the front passenger seat. 
“It’s about time already. When are you going to do something about your face?” Sebastian asked suddenly. 
His words caught the attention of the women behind. Before Devin could even answer, both of them perked up their ears and looked at the men. 
Truthfully, Sasha was the last to find out about this. 
Back then, Devin was already going in and out of Red Pavilion with Edmund’s face. Her suspicions arose, so Sebastian had no choice but to tell her the truth. 
That was why her eyes had widened the most when she heard her husband’s words. 
“What’s wrong with your face? Devin, isn’t it like how I imagined? Don’t you just wear a mask?” She could not help but ask. 
However, to her disbelief, the man shook his head. 
“No. I changed my face to his.” 
The car became deathly silent. 
Is he crazy? How can he change his face into someone else’s entirely? Does he not know that there might be a chance that he wouldn’t be able to have his original face back? Does he really think plastic
surgery is that easy? 
Sasha’s chest heaved in shock. 
Sabrina, on the other hand, had reddened eyes, and her hands that were holding the baby started to shake. 
She was oblivious to it all. 
When Devin had told her about his identity, he had not given her a detailed explanation. 
Perhaps it was because he was afraid that it would scare her off. Or maybe it was because he did not want her to worry. 
However, he would never know the pain she felt in her heart would always be the same no matter when he confessed the cruel truth. 
He has sacrificed so much for our family. 
“Don’t worry. Sebastian knows someone who’s really good at it. He’ll turn my face back to normal.” 
Devin quickly tried to console the women after seeing their faces through the rearview mirror. He had never expected them to be so nervous about it. 
“That’s true. But you need time to heal. If you’re really going to go, we need to make all the necessary arrangements. Things with Silas aren’t completely settled yet, so Edmund can’t disappear without a word.” 
“So… You’re saying that he should appear?” 
None of them expected him to say something like that.
Shocked, Sasha leaned over and said, “Hold on. Do you mean that the real Edmund isn’t dead?” 
“Of course not. He was a classmate of mine. He’s helping me with this, and he’s currently traveling overseas.” 
Damn! What the hell is this? This is unbelievable! 
Sasha quickly pursed her lips. She had almost cursed out loud. 
Before she could say something, a hand reached over to her head and pushed her backward. 
“Sit properly. We’re driving.” 
“Oh, right. If I leave, are you still going to the White House?” Devin asked suddenly. 
Sebastian’s eyebrows furrowed at the question. 
Of course he would not want to. That place reeked of seediness. Even though the Ten Medals had been destroyed, a new circle of power would soon be formed with the establishment of the new government. 
It was unavoidable. 
This meant that the Jadesons needed to stay around now that the corrupted ones had finally been purged. 
“I’ll wait for you to return first.” 
Sebastian had a look of disgust as he spoke. 
At that, Devin smiled.
Who said that he’s cold-hearted? 
To him, Sebastian was truly a kind-hearted person. Even though he disliked such things, he would still bear the responsibilities for his family and the people of the country in order to protect the innocent from getting hurt again.
###Chapter 1198
Chapter 1198
Chapter 1198 Who Does Not Like Power 
The four of them returned home. 
As expected, when they reached Oceanic Estate, Jonathan, who was already walking around publicly, told them Silas had called. The President wanted Sebastian to attend the meeting with Congress the next morning. 
Devin asked, “Are they reshuffling the cabinet? I didn’t expect Silas to benefit from our battle with those horrid bunch.” 
Jonathan grunted coldly. “He might have planned everything already and was just waiting for us to act as his pawns.” 
The grandfather and grandson duo felt indignant. 
Sebastian remained silent, merely grabbing the letter that had just been delivered. 
After browsing through it, he pulled the chair at the desk and sat down. 
Silas was indeed very suspicious. 
However, the country needed a leader. Sebastian did not mind if Silas was using this opportunity for a good purpose. 
If he isn’t… 
A wicked glint flashed across his eyes as he toyed with the letter. 
As instructed, Sebastian headed to the White House the next morning.
Sasha had also woken up. Remembering that Devin was going to get his original face back, she went downstairs to look for Sabrina and ask about her plans for the day. 
To her surprise, she discovered that Sabrina and Jaena were gone. 
“Ms. Sabrina left with Jaena early in the morning, saying that she was going back to Red Pavilion,” explained Wendy. 
Red Pavilion? 
Sasha did not believe it. 
In reality, Sabrina did not go there. Instead, she had left with Devin early in the morning with Jaena. Since learning that he would only come back two to three months later, she had been meaning to do so. After all, she could not bear to be apart from him for so long. 
Hence, Sabrina dragged her suitcase along and went with him, just like how she went to his military base back then. 
This time, she even brought her baby along. 
When Sasha found out, she could not help but feel amused. 
Can this woman be even crazier? 
However, since the deed had already been done, there was nothing she could do but tell everyone Sabrina had returned to Avenport with her child. 
Half a month later, the situation at the White House finally stabilized. Christmas was around the corner too.
When Sasha woke up and realized Sebastian had not gone to the White House yet, she said to him excitedly, “Sebby, Mrs. Zander called me a few days ago. She said there’d be a lively Christmas market on Christmas Eve, where we can buy our festive ornaments and decorations. She invited me to shop with her.” 
Jadeborough was a complicated place. Now that her identity was different, she reckoned it was better to inform Sebastian where she was going. 
When Sebastian heard that she was going to a crowded place, his first reaction was to frown. 
“What’s the point of going there? It’s so crowded! Why don’t you go to a shopping mall instead? I’ll accompany you there some other time.” 
“It’s not the same!” 
Sasha quickly explained, “A Christmas market is different! Since Jadeborough is a city rich in history, the market will feature all sorts of cultural decorations. I heard there’ll be a lot of delicious food and fun activities. I… I just want to go there and take a look.” 
She started pleading him like Vivian. 
Sebastian’s eyes twitched. 
Why is she acting like a child now? 
Although Sebastian agreed in the end, he still instructed Karl to follow her. 
That morning, Sasha brought Matteo and Vivian to the Christmas market. Ian, who disliked crowded places, stayed behind in Oceanic Estate to play chess with Jonathan. 
Christmas should be a lively festival.
At least, that was what Sasha thought. 
Hence, after arriving at the Christmas market, she bought a lot of things with the children: ornaments, cards, crafts, and a myriad of festive items. Karl, who was following behind them, was exhausted from carrying everything. 
“I’ve always heard that your family is the richest in Avenport, Mrs. Jadeson. I didn’t expect you to enjoy buying these little trinkets too.” 
When Sophie saw that, she could not help but tease Sasha. 
Carrying the bags, Sasha quickly explained, “Mrs. Zander, you’ve overestimated us. We’re normal people who need to buy daily necessities in the supermarket too! What matters the most is that they are functional, right?” 
“Yup! You’re right.” Sophie beamed. 
After shopping for three hours, they could not walk anymore. Coincidentally, Vivian spotted some roasted chicken and insisted on eating it, so they decided to sit inside the restaurant. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, will you be staying in Jadeborough for the long-term?” 
“Hmm?” 
Sasha, who was feeding Vivian some roasted chicken, raised her head when she heard that question. 
Why would the First Lady ask me such a question for no reason? Is the Zander family starting to become wary after the Jadesons cleared all the obstacles for them? Do they want us to leave Avenport? 
Sasha averted her gaze and smiled. “Of course! This is our home. Where else can we go if not here?”
As expected, Sophie’s expression changed immediately. 
“I see. That’s great! In that case, Silas won’t have to worry anymore. He was so worried that Yariel would quit all of a sudden.” 
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Zander. The Jadesons have been working in the White House for decades. Even if my husband wants to quit, his grandfather won’t allow him to. He said that this important responsibility had been bestowed upon the Jadesons by Mr. Limmer when the country was founded, so he could not let Mr. Limmer down. As long as the Jadesons continue existing, he will protect the nation forever.” 
Sasha explained the family’s stance clearly. 
After she spoke, Sophie could not maintain her calm expression anymore and lost her composure.
###Chapter 1199
Chapter 1199
Chapter 1199 An Obstruction 
When Sasha returned home at night, she told Sebastian about it. 
“Sebby, do you think that she’s asking these questions because she’s wary of us? Only a short while has passed since we helped Silas secure his position. Are they that eager to take action already?” 
Sasha was still furious when she mentioned it. 
Sebastian’s gaze turned cold. 
However, he did not lose his temper like how Sasha did. It was as if he had already expected this to happen. 
“No one dislikes power. Now that he is no longer under the control of those people, he naturally doesn’t want me to stand in his way. It’s normal that he’ll ask his wife to sound you out.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha widened her eyes. “Are you saying that… Silas was part of them?” 
Sebastian nodded. “If he wasn’t, do you think he could’ve secured his current position? Also, when I passed the evidence to him, did he show any mercy?” 
Sasha was speechless. 
He did not! 
No one was spared during the massive purge that day.
Sasha did not say anything else. For some reason, she started to feel worried. If it was not for the fact that they had to wait for Devin and Sabrina to return, she wanted to persuade Sebastian to leave this place. 
If they wanted to lead a peaceful life, staying away from this chaotic place would be a better choice. 
After Christmas, days went by quickly, and it was soon New Year’s Eve. 
Jonathan was quite delighted. The Jadeson residence had never been so lively during New Year’s Eve, with Sebastian, Sasha, and their three adorable children keeping him company. It was rare for the family to have such a reunion. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, should we invite the Jadesons in The Ataraxy and Gossamer Creek for New Year’s Eve?” asked Tony when he went to Jonathan’s study on the morning of New Year’s Eve. 
According to the tradition, everyone in the Jadeson family would be reunited on New Year’s Eve. They would come to Oceanic Estate for a meal together. 
However, The Ataraxy had lost a lot of people that year. The only ones remaining were Colton’s family, and they were not even part of the Jadesons. It was the same situation for Gossamer Creek. After Janice died, her son, Kingston, was still nowhere to be found. 
Jonathan’s initial good mood dimmed gradually. 
“Forget it. We’ll just celebrate New Year’s Eve with just the few of us here. Tell the kitchen to prepare a scrumptious banquet. Also, prepare some wrapping papers for me. I’d like to give the children gifts.” 
“Yes, Old Mr. Jadeson.” 
Tony then left to carry out his orders.
At that moment, Vivian was already running around the garden happily. She was wearing a red dress, with two cute little buns on her head braided by Wendy. 
When she ran around, the housemaids could not help but shower her with gifts. 
“Come here, Vivi! I have a huge gift for you.” 
“Okay!” 
The eight-year-old girl sprinted over quickly. 
By the time Sasha finished preparing the feast for New Year’s Eve and walked out of the kitchen, Vivian’s arms were already stuffed with gifts. 
“Mommy, look! I received so many gifts. When the guests come, Ian, Matt, and I will give some gifts to their children too!” 
“Guests?” 
Sasha was stunned. 
“We don’t have any guests today. It’s New Year’s Eve.” 
“There is! My godmother told me she would visit me with kids!” replied Vivian firmly. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Godmother? Is she talking about Sophie? 
That realization caused her brows to knit together. She did not like outsiders disturbing them at such a time, especially Sophie.
Like Vivian had said, Sophie arrived just before the feast, much to Sasha’s dismay. This time, she was not alone—she brought her husband over as well. 
Two other families had come too. 
“Wow! Aunt Sophie, Lily, and the others are here!” 
A child like Vivian knew nothing. After seeing her friends, she ran over excitedly and dragged them out to play. 
Standing behind the adults, Ian and Matteo wore grim expressions on their faces when they witnessed this scene. 
“How does Vivi know that they’re coming?” 
“When both of you went out the previous time?” Ian, the taciturn boy, asked coldly. 
When Matteo heard it, his expression darkened too. Despite his usual cheerful self, he felt furious upon seeing someone take advantage of his sister. 
Then, he turned around and walked over. 
Ian glanced at him but did not follow along. Instead, he went to Vivian’s room. After finding her smartwatch, he deleted all of the applications inside. 
Since the guests had already arrived, Sasha and the rest had no choice but to entertain them. 
After all, they could not possibly ignore the President and the First Lady. 
“I’m sorry that we didn’t inform you before coming here, Old Mr. Jadeson. I heard Sophie saying that you could already walk around, so I wanted to visit you. I’ll be leaving Jadeborough tomorrow,” explained Silas as he approached Jonathan.
###Chapter 1200
Chapter 1200
Chapter 1200 Let Yariel Be My Secretary 
Jonathan was even more cunning than him. With decades of experience in politics, he knew how to interact with these people despite his straightforward personality. 
“You’re too courteous. I have to thank my granddaughter-in-law for treating my stroke. I could only walk because she gave me acupuncture every day. Thank you for your concern!” 
“You’re very welcome! You’ve done our country a huge favor, so it’s only right that I visit you,” replied Silas politely. 
After some small talk, everyone sat at the dining table. This dinner, which was initially meant to include only the Jadesons, ended up being spent with other people. 
As the kids wanted to set off fireworks after dinner, everyone left the dining room and went to the observation tower. 
Boom! 
It was a sight to behold when the dazzling fireworks illuminated the night sky with vibrant colors. The shimmering ocean reflected the fireworks, looking extremely beautiful too. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, what are your plans for the new year?” 
Jonathan was standing at the observation tower and watching the fireworks with a smile. Suddenly, Silas shot him that question. 
New year?
Jonathan retracted his gaze from the sky and looked at Silas calmly. “What are you referring to? The Jadesons’ financial plans or…” 
“Of course it’s about the Congress. Next year, I plan to merge the Senate and the House, so I’d like to hear your opinions. Which position should I reserve for the Jadesons?” 
After spending the entire night preparing for this, Silas finally brought up the main topic. 
How can the president ask something like this? 
Gazing at the distant fireworks, Jonathan chuckled. “You’re too polite, sir. The Jadesons have always served the people. We don’t choose our positions—the people do.” 
Jonathan’s reply were very direct and blunt. 
Everyone’s expressions changed, especially Sophie’s. When she heard her husband was being retorted, she stopped setting off the fireworks. 
Then, she stared at Jonathan and Silas intently. 
To everyone else’s surprise, Silas did not show much of a reaction after hearing the older man’s words. 
“Well, I don’t think Yariel should continue staying in the Congress. As a military family, the Jadesons’ forte lies in commanding the military. However, Yariel doesn’t know how to do that. Why don’t I transfer him over to my side to work as my secretary?” 
“What? Your secretary?” 
At his words, everyone inhaled a sharp breath. 
It was not only Jonathan who was shocked. Even those who had come with Silas gaped at him in surprise.
His secretary? Has the heir of the powerful Jadesons stooped so low to become someone’s secretary? 
No one dared to say anything. Instead, they shot timid glances at someone standing nearby. As that scary man was preoccupied with setting off fireworks with his children, he did not hear the conversation. 
“What do you mean, sir? Do you want my grandson to be your secretary? Are you drunk?” asked Jonathan coldly as he suppressed his fury and glared at Silas. 
Silas, who just had his position secured by the Jadesons, challenged Jonathan’s limits again by denying he was intoxicated. 
He continued, “Old Mr. Jadeson, I proposed this based on what you said earlier. If your eldest grandson, Devin, were still alive, he’d still take command of the military in Congress. Since he’s gone now, I can’t possibly entrust the military to someone who doesn’t even know anything about it. If you really don’t want to give it up, you can take up the post.” 
“You…” 
Jonathan’s chest heaved from the anger raging within him. 
For the past eighty years of his life, it was his first time seeing such an arrogant and shameless person. 
This is the Jadeson residence. Despite having just secured his position, how dare he come all the way here and threaten to strip us of our power? Isn’t he afraid that I’ll kill him? 
Murderous intent gleamed in Jonathan’s eyes. “Silas, don’t forget who put you into power. Yet, you’re so eager to take action now. Aren’t you afraid of falling from power in the new year?” 
Silas’ expression finally changed.
When everyone noticed that, they quickly tried to defuse the tense atmosphere. “Calm down, Old Mr. Jadeson. Don’t be angry! The President probably drank too much. Please don’t take his words to heart.” 
Turning pale, Sophie spoke up on behalf of her husband. “Yeah, Old Mr. Jadeson. He’s really drunk! I’ll reprimand him when we return.” 
Only then did Jonathan stop speaking. 
However, his eyes were blazing with hostility, making him look like a ferocious tiger. Despite his old age, his murderous aura was enough to make one tremble in fear. 
“Let me tell you this. Don’t even think of messing around with the Jadesons. Regardless of how you plan on consolidating your position in the government, I don’t care. However, don’t touch the Jadesons’ position in the military. Otherwise, I’ll kick you out of your seat, just like those people who had just been purged.”
###Chapter 1201
Chapter 1201
Chapter 1201 Sudden Change 
Jonathan was as intimidating as he was in his prime. After saying those words, he spun around and left furiously. 
Everyone, especially Silas, stood there awkwardly, their faces flushing with embarrassment. 
Half an hour later, Sebastian and Sasha returned after setting off the fireworks with the children. By then, the guests had already left. 
After hearing Tony’s detailed recount of the conflict, Sasha was livid. 
“Isn’t Silas going overboard? How dare he suggest that you become his secretary? He’s not worthy!” 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
However, he did not express any opinions. After sending the children back to their rooms, he went to look for Jonathan in the study. 
“You’re here?” 
As he had predicted, Jonathan was still furious. 
Sebastian sat on a chair. Instead of making any remarks on the incident, he sat there quietly for a while before voicing his query. “Why must you have the Jadesons remain in the White House?” 
Jonathan was stunned. “Isn’t it obvious enough? I’m doing this for the sake of the family and all of you.” 
Sebastian did not say anything. 
The room was plunged into silence again.
This time, Sebastian sat in the chair for a long time, propping his chin in the palm of his hand. No one could tell what he was thinking about. 
Feeling impatient, Jonathan noticed his expression and wondered if his grandson was planning to quit since the young man never liked working in the White House. 
His anxiousness got the better of him, and he said, “Don’t worry. Just bear with it for three more months. Three months later, Devin will return. You can go wherever you want then.” 
Only then did Sebastian raise his eyebrows and say, “That’s not what I’m trying to say. I just find it weird that he came all the way to Oceanic Estate to provoke us so arrogantly. Isn’t he afraid that I’ll kill him?” 
There was nothing wrong with his remark. 
However, Jonathan felt uncomfortable hearing it. I didn’t even sound so intimidating when I threatened Silas at the observation tower! 
“What are you suspecting?” he asked. 
“I don’t know. I can’t seem to describe it, but I can feel that he’s forcing us to leave the White House.” 
Sebastian finally expressed his opinion. His expression turned grim afterward. 
It was evident that Silas planned to force the Jadesons to leave the White House and the political scene by making Sebastian his secretary. 
Furthermore, Silas even visited Oceanic Estate on purpose, which worsened the situation. Judging from how furious Jonathan was, it was easy to tell how tense the conversation had been. Franky, it looked as if his grandfather wanted to tear Silas apart.
Why does he want to do that? He’s acting so deliberately too! 
Sebastian could not figure it out for the entire night. However, he had a vague premonition and thus instructed those in Oceanic Estate to be more careful. 
He also asked his men to keep an eye on the White House and report anything that happened, sparing no detail. 
However, no matter how much he tried to guard against it, tragedy still befell the Jadesons five days into the new year. 
“Oh no! Mr. Steward, I just received news that the White House received a report from Smallpoint. It’s about what happened when Old Mr. Jadeson was at Hallsbay…” 
“What?” 
Mark’s expression changed when he heard it. 
He immediately ran to the study to inform Sebastian. However, when he passed by the living room, he already saw the news being broadcast on the television. 
“According to news that we’ve just received, a soldier who had gone missing more than twenty years ago at the borders of Hallsbay and Smallpoint, suddenly showed up. He is the only survivor of the collective disappearance of an entire military unit—a case that has shocked the entire nation. The White House is investigating this issue with utmost priority.” 
Mark’s mind went blank. 
In the next second, he sprinted to the study like a madman. 
Just like that, chaos descended upon all of them in an instant.
Sebastian barely had time to react before it destroyed the entire Jadeson family. No matter how powerful and resourceful he was, he never expected himself to be helpless before such a drastic change. 
“Why?” he asked. 
“Why?” The member of the military tribunal sneered as he looked at Sebastian. He had a troop of fully- armed soldiers behind him. 
“Don’t you know? When your grandfather led the troops to stabilize the war in Smallpoint, a vanguard composed of more than a hundred men suddenly disappeared at Hallsbay. According to your grandfather, the troop sacrificed their lives when seeking out the enemy’s location. The head of administration of that time backed his statement. However, the survivor claimed that they did not die for that cause. Instead, your grandfather sacrificed them during a deal he made with the rival country!” 
“Nonsense! He would never do something like that!” 
Utterly dumbfounded, Sebastian could only come up with such a weak refute. 
Soon, the person from the military tribunal passed him a map. 
Sebastian cast his gaze downward. 
It was a military map. 
However, two defense forts were labeled clearly on the map. It was even marked with a seal used back in those days.
###Chapter 1202
Chapter 1202
Chapter 1202 Utter Collapse 
Why? Why did he do this? Didn’t he claim that he’ll always protect the country and the people? Why did he still do something like this? The seal on the military map clearly shows that he has sold the map to the rival army. What did he do to end up selling this? 
“There’s a river at Hallsbay. When he went there to quell the war, it still belonged to our country. After that war, it became Hallsbay’s.” 
“Why?” 
“Because he lost that battle,” replied the person from the military tribunal mockingly. 
Sebastian’s mind turned blank. 
What right does he have? What right does he have to give our country’s land away? 
His eyes reddened as disappointment engulfed him. He could almost feel something snapping within him as if his entire world had just collapsed onto him. Unable to keep his balance anymore, he staggered backward. 
“Tell me! Why did you do that? Is it true? It’s not, right?” Sebastian asked with his last ounce of hope as he strode over to Jonathan, who was handcuffed in front of him. 
However, Jonathan did not even have the courage to meet his gaze. 
“That river… is a saltwater river. It doesn’t have any use in our country. My troop had been stationed there for three whole days at that time. We couldn’t take the enemy down. I… I didn’t want any more people to die.”
“So you gave it up just like that? What right do you have? How is it different from colluding with the enemy and betraying your country? The land belongs to the country, not you.” 
“Nonsense! The river didn’t belong to any country. Louis insisted on having me fight the war, so I had to go there with my troops. I did not commit treason. I merely made a choice after considering the mutual benefits!” Jonathan snapped as if triggered by being accused of betraying the country. 
Sebastian was stunned. 
When he returned to his senses, fury surged through him. 
“Is your choice selling the military map? You made your vanguard sacrifice their lives just to put up a show. You said you didn’t want more soldiers to die, but what about them? Do their lives mean nothing to you?” 
He finally exploded with rage. 
Stricken with fury, disappointment, and heartache, he pointed at Jonathan and bellowed loudly. After yelling at the top of his lungs, he could not utter anything else. All he could do was tremble vigorously. 
A murderous aura enveloped him as he felt an urge to shoot a bullet through Jonathan’s head. 
Indeed, Sebastian wished to kill him. 
Doesn’t he know what he has done? How can he retort me so indignantly like that? 
His head was spinning, and his vision was darkening intermittently. 
No one could understand how he was feeling. 
In the past, he used to be a businessman. To describe it bluntly, people in business only cared about profits.
After coming to this place, he disliked Jonathan because they did not get along well. However, almost imperceptibly, Jonathan’s mindsets started to influence him gradually. 
For example, when he unleashed a massacre at The Ataraxy, he would rather sweep it under the carpet than threaten the military’s stability. 
When the White House was undergoing political unrest, he gave in rather than let the nation be plunged into chaos. 
Including how they had eliminated the Ten Medals, the message conveyed by Jonathan was extremely clear. 
He would rather let his grandson fake his death and undergo plastic surgery to become someone else. He agreed to have a stroke and put up an entire show just to eliminate those people and safeguard the country’s peace. Then why was he so foolish in the past? Doesn’t he know that it’ll warrant him a death sentence? Doesn’t he know that he has violated his duties and values as a soldier? 
Sebastian’s rage and agony reached a peak. In the end, he could not utter a single word. 
Jonathan kept quiet too as he stood there grimly. 
When those from the military tribunal were about to take him away, he gazed at his grandson, who was having a mental breakdown while supporting his weight on the table. 
“You’re right. I am guilty. Even after all these years, I’d still jolt awake in the middle of the night because of this. This time, you don’t need to save me. Just make arrangements for the Jadesons and return to wherever you’re supposed to go.” 
A minute passed.
While hugging the three children upstairs, Sasha sobbed with a hand clasped over her mouth. Suddenly, Sebastian flipped the table in front of him. 
Crash! 
“Jonathan, why didn’t you just die earlier?” 
The Jadesons’ fate changed drastically within a night. 
Sasha moved out with the three children overnight. As Jonathan had been detained, Oceanic Estate was going to be confiscated. Those in Jadeborough could not accept that the man they had hailed as a hero was actually a traitor. 
They started attacking the Jadesons and besieging Oceanic Estate. 
Left with no choice, Sasha had to sneak away with the children at night. What worried her the most was that Sebastian’s headache had relapsed. 
He could not sleep at night, and his mental state was deteriorating significantly. 
Even so, he was still trying to seek a solution. Sometimes, he would spend hours in front of his computer. 
“Mr. Hayes, the situation is getting worse. All of the Jadesons’ assets have been confiscated, including those at The Ataraxy and Gossamer Creek. Even Mr. Steward has been taken away this morning. Do you think you’ll be their next target?” 
When Karl reported to Sebastian again, his face was pale.
###Chapter 1203
Chapter 1203
Chapter 1203 Heavy Snow 
Their next target must be him! Given that Old Mr. Jadeson is already old, he would not be considered the biggest threat among the Jadesons anymore. Even if Devin’s around, he wouldn’t be seen as a greater threat than Sebastian. 
However, Sebastian did not answer Karl’s question straightforwardly. 
“Since no one has revealed the secret for so many years, it should have been buried forever. What do you think is the reason that it came to light all of a sudden?” With bloodshot eyes, Sebastian sneered. 
Karl was rendered speechless, for the question was too difficult for him to answer. 
Worried about Sebastian, he replied in the end, “Has he been keeping an eye on the Jadesons for a long time?” 
“It’s impossible. I would’ve believed that if this had happened before I destroyed the Ten Medals. No sensible men would dare lay a finger on the Jadesons after what I’ve done.” 
“Why did it happen then?” 
“There is only one reason—the true leader realized they can’t control me. In that case, the best way to tie up loose ends is to destroy the Jadesons once and for all!” Sebastian sat in front of the computer and analyzed the situation. 
Karl was shocked upon hearing his conjecture. 
The true leader? What does he mean? Isn’t it Silas? 
Overwhelmed by shock, he stood still and could not utter a word for quite some time.
Sebastian believed he had found the answer. When Silas came to Oceanic Estate that day, he could not fathom why Silas was audacious enough to provoke their family. After all, only an imbecile would dare do such a thing. 
Only after the shocking incident happened did it finally dawn on him. 
Unlike what angered Jonathan, Silas might not have intended to forsake the Jadesons immediately after using them to stabilize his position in the government. 
In that case, he probably wanted to give us a warning at Oceanic Estate! If he was in the right mind, he couldn’t have asked me, Yariel Jadeson, to become his secretary! He’d be bringing trouble upon himself, especially since he had just secured his position in the new regime. 
Unfortunately, none of the Jadesons, including Sebastian, was aware of it at that time. 
Therefore, disaster befell the Jadesons after Jonathan furiously rejected Silas’ offer and threatened him. After all, it was an unspoken rule since ancient times to destroy those who refused to be obedient. 
After being rooted to the spot for a long time, Karl finally recollected himself and asked, “In that case, what should we do now? Should we continue to find evidence to rescue Old Mr. Jadeson?” 
Much to his surprise, Sebastian shook his head again. “It’s futile. We can’t save him.” 
Karl was taken aback by his response. 
What? Did he say that we can’t save him? 
Instantly, a shiver ran down Karl’s spine. He knew that it was a dead-end when even the omnipotent Sebastian said they could do nothing. 
“Where is Silas?”
“Huh?” Karl looked up at Sebastian and replied, “He should be at home at this hour.” 
“All right. Bring me to his house!” 
As Sebastian spoke while standing up from the chair, Karl was bewildered. 
Does he want to meet Silas at this hour? 
“Mr. Hayes, you—” 
“Why do you want to meet him? I mean, it’s rather late now. Can’t it wait till tomorrow?” 
Right at that moment, Sasha, who had tucked her children in bed, entered the room. Upon hearing that Sebastian intended to meet Silas at this hour, she hastened to stop him. 
After the Jadesons got into trouble, Sophie, who constantly kept in touch with her, disappeared as well. Therefore, Sasha was unwilling to let him go over there. 
Besides, will Silas even agree to meet Sebastian even if he goes to his house now? 
Knowing that her husband was a proud man, she did not wish to see Silas humiliate him. 
Insistent on going to Silas’ house, Sebastian frowned and replied, “No way. Who knows if I’ll be free when tomorrow comes?” 
With that, the entire room fell silent, so much so that they could hear their own breathing. 
Oppressed by worry, Sasha could not help but feel heartbroken. 
In the end, all the woman could do was watch Sebastian leave. The wind blew some snow into the room once she opened the window. The next moment, tears streamed down her face uncontrollably
when she saw the two men getting into a car hurriedly. 
“Mrs. Hayes, don’t be upset. Since Mr. Hayes is a righteous man, he can never turn a blind eye to what is happening to the Jadesons.” 
Wendy happened to enter the room and tried to comfort Sasha. 
Yet, Sasha felt even more heartbroken. “I know, but I’ll feel heartbroken when he has to swallow his pride before someone else. You know him very well. He has never submitted to anyone, for he has always been the best among the elites. However, he has to drop his ego now because of this. I—” 
Sasha began to choke on her words and could not continue. Nonetheless, one could guess what she intended to say next. 
I can imagine how difficult it is for an outstanding figure to yield to others all of a sudden. After all, even ordinary people might not be able to swallow their pride, much less him. 
As such, Wendy stopped comforting Sasha and looked out the window. 
At that moment, she realized that the snow had gotten heavier.
###Chapter 1204
Chapter 1204
Chapter 1204 Usurper 
It was almost midnight when Sebastian arrived at the Zander residence. Nonetheless, he saw that the lights inside the villa were still on. 
Sebastian sneered before getting out of the car. 
Ding dong. 
Karl, too, quickly joined him outside. He then went up to the exquisite gate to press the doorbell before Sebastian. 
To their surprise, although the lights were still on, no one opened the door for them after quite some time. At that time, the wind kept blowing snow toward them. It was as though the weather ridiculed the proud heir of the Jadesons because he was given the cold shoulder. 
When Karl got furious and wanted to press the doorbell again, Sebastian instructed coldly, “Let’s jump over the wall.” 
Before the former could react, Sebastian had come up to the wall. Then, he grabbed a tree branch that stretched out from the courtyard and leaped into the villa without hesitation. 
Well, Mr. Hayes sure is flexible. 
After entering the villa without permission, Sebastian looked around for a moment and walked straight to the second floor. 
“You—”
As expected, Silas was watching television on the second floor. His face turned ashen upon seeing the two intruders. 
How insolent! Even at this juncture, they stubbornly refuse to swallow their pride! 
“Are you here to beg me for mercy on your grandfather’s behalf?” 
There was a thin layer of snow on Sebastian’s shoulders. With his hands in his pockets, he stood calmly under the light. Staring at Silas, he replied expressionlessly, “No, I’m not. Instead, I want to know who is the actual mastermind.” 
At his question, Silas’ face turned grim. 
“What do you mean by the actual mastermind? I don’t know what you are talking about.” 
“Oh, really? Well, let me rephrase my question. Who are you? Based on my investigation, you are merely a public servant who has slowly climbed up the political ladder. Yet, you have the habits of a soldier. Even when it comes to smoking, you do it on a fixed schedule—half-past nine in the morning, quarter past noon, and six o’clock in the evening. Would you mind telling me the reason?” 
“You—” 
Silas was livid again after being questioned by Sebastian. However, shock bubbled up inside him this time, and he stood up reflexively. 
Eyes filled with anger and astonishment, he stared at the young man. Even his body was trembling slightly. 
Sebastian knew that the smoking schedule was a practice in the military.
Although most soldiers were prohibited from smoking, those from special departments were given the privilege to smoke at specific timeframes to relieve their stress. 
Chest heaving from anger, Silas took a long ten seconds to calm his breathing before gritting his teeth and pointing at Sebastian. “I shouldn’t have spared you!” 
Unperturbed, Sebastian sneered. “Well, many people wish to bring me down every day. Feel free to join them.” 
Silas was rendered speechless. 
Moments later, Sophie came in when she heard the quarrel. She quickly poured a cup of water for Silas to calm him down. 
Feeling that her husband was no longer as livid, she urged, “Don’t be mad at him. Back then, it was his father who rescued you. Why don’t you tell him everything to repay his father’s kindness?” 
Silas glared at Sebastian for a while and said, “You’re right. I used to be a soldier but became a deserter. Back then, your father Shin was my commander. He spared me by keeping it a secret, and thus I had the chance to turn over a new leaf.” 
Sebastian could not help but raise his brows, feeling surprised that it was related to his father. 
After a while, Silas added, “However, if you wish to leave Jadeborough safely with your family, stop asking who the mastermind is. I’ll find ways to make sure that you can return to Avenport safely. As for Jonathan, I’ll try my best to get him out of jail.” 
At the end of his statement, he even gave Sebastian such a promise.
Given that Jonathan contributed a lot to the country, the government would deal with him internally under normal circumstances to prevent causing mass panic. 
On the contrary, the incident related to Jonathan was all over the news very soon. Hence, it was clear that the actual mastermind intended to destroy Jonathan once and for all. 
Since Silas had promised to find ways to help him, Sebastian reined back his murderous intent. 
A moment later, Sebastian took out something from his pocket and handed it over to Karl. 
“Two milliliters will be enough.” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes.” Karl accepted it. 
Meanwhile, Silas and his wife stood still and watched curiously. 
When Karl came closer with an resembling a syringe in his hand, they finally felt that something was amiss. 
“Yariel, what are you trying to do? Stop it!” 
“President Zander, it has always been Mr. Hayes’ style to find out everything that he wishes to know. While he won’t interfere in your matters, please don’t get in his way.”
###Chapter 1205
Chapter 1205
Chapter 1205 The Truth Unfolds 
With that, Karl grabbed the President’s collar and stabbed the syringe into his neck to give him an injection. 
“Ah!” Silas wailed in pain. 
Infuriated, Sophie questioned, “Yariel, what are you doing? Why are you harming Silas even though he’s helping you? How can you be so heartless?” 
Sebastian gazed at them in disdain and said, “If you’re sincere in helping me, you would have told me about it before the Jadesons got into trouble. I reckon you agree to the true mastermind’s hideous plan, right? After all, you can’t put your mind at ease as long as I exist.” 
“You—” 
Sophie’s face flushed with embarrassment. 
Sebastian was right. Things would not have turned out this way if they did not agree to the mastermind’s plan. If they were sincere in aiding the Jadesons, they would have told them the truth before the mastermind acted. 
As Silas was rendered almost unconscious, Sebastian came to him slowly. 
“Tell me—who’s the mastermind?” 
“No! You can’t say it!” 
Appalled, Sophie wanted to spring upon Silas to stop him from letting the cat out of the bag. 
However, as soon as she moved, Karl grabbed her arms to restrain her and dragged her away.
“Say it!” 
“It’s the Limmer family. It has always been the Limmer family—” 
Subdued by drugs, Silas finally revealed the ultimate mastermind’s name. 
The Limmer family! Louis was the founding president of the country! It’s actually him? But why? Hasn’t he become the president already? Why must he manipulate every successor behind the scene? He claimed to be devoted to building a democratic and progressive country. But in truth, he wants to stay in power like the ancient monarchs and have the president be a hereditary succession! 
Sebastian was stunned and disgusted by the truth at the same time. 
“Mr. Hayes?” 
“Collect all information about that shameless lowlife. I want to know everything he has done since he stepped down. Put out rewards for any valuable information about Louis Limmer, and then we will spread them on the internet. Hah! I’d like to see if he can outmatch me!” 
He’s crazy! 
The savagery in his eyes was plain as day. 
Since the Limmers want to destroy the Jadesons overnight, I’ll let the whole world witness how the Limmers’ reputation is ruined instantly! How can the founding father control and mess up the country for years because of his desire for power and personal interest? Well, I’d like to see how the Limmers will handle it once their scandals are exposed! If the Limmers want to play the game with me, I’ll dial it up to the international scale! Let the whole world watch it and have fun! 
After getting the answer from Silas, Sebastian turned around and left.
Half an hour later, Silas finally regained his consciousness. However, he was scared to death and fainted once he found out he had spilled the beans. 
In his eyes, Sebastian was truly a lunatic. 
An unprecedented storm was brewing. 
The Limmer family was already wary of Sebastian since he destroyed the Ten Medals. 
Nonetheless, they never expected the young man to bet on the country’s future just to bring them down. 
When Louis learned that scandals about his family had begun to spread on the internet globally, he immediately used the influence of his international allies to suppress it in a fit of fury. 
Then, he brought along some men to meet Sebastian at that house. 
“You’re indeed competent.” 
The eighty-year-old Louis did not hesitate to praise the younger man. 
However, Sebastian stood still on the stairs and did not respond to him. 
Seeing that, Louis added, “Unfortunately, you’re no match for me. As you probably know, I have been at the helm of the country for decades. However, you must be surprised to learn that our international allies only recognize me as the country’s supreme leader.” 
Smiling, he lifted the gilded seal in his hand. 
Sebastian’s eyes widened in shock upon seeing it.
A seal? Is that an imperial seal? My, does he see himself as an emperor? 
“Well, do you think everything is over now?” 
“No, I don’t think so. After all this time, I understand that it will only end when you’re under my control. Hence—” 
Louis shot his subordinates a look. Soon, a man in a black suit set up a mini projector to display something on the wall. 
“Mommy?” 
“Shh! Your mommy is sleeping now. Don’t wake her up.” 
“Okay.” 
With that, the cute little girl continued sleeping on the plane. Hearing the sounds of stable breathing, Sebastian saw two little boys and a young and beautiful woman beside the little girl.
###Chapter 1206
Chapter 1206
Chapter 1206 I Have Given You A Chance 
“You—” 
Sebastian turned as white as a sheet. 
Meanwhile, it was not the end yet as Louis’ subordinate hastened to project the following video taken at another location. 
“It has been half a month. When can you take off the bandages? I want to see whether your face has recovered.” 
“Yes, it has. Don’t worry. Your brother personally arranged for Crimson Pimpernel to do the surgery for me. Everything will be all right. Trust his skills; he’s a professional.” 
In a ward, a man with bandages all over his face was seen comforting a woman who had a baby in her arms. 
One could feel the gentleness and bliss in the man’s eyes. 
After watching it, Sebastian started to stagger to his feet. 
Then, his head began to throb in waves. 
“How is it? Do you want to continue watching it? If you’re interested, I can show you the videos recorded in Hayes Corporation, the Wand residence, the base of SteelFort, and the Jadeson residence.” 
Louis listed out everyone associated with Sebastian, including the Soprano family, one he had never contacted.
As Sebastian’s eyes turned bloodshot, a voice taunted him in his mind, “Kill him! You’re not Yariel but Sebastian. Summon your second personality to kill him quickly. You’ll be free from trouble once he’s dead!” 
“Ugh…” 
“Yariel, I admire you from the bottom of my heart, for you’re the most outstanding young man I’ve ever met in decades. All my hard work for all these years was almost destroyed because of you.” 
Louis paused for a while and continued, “However, my influence in the country is deep-rooted, and thus you can’t get rid of me. I’m way more powerful than you can even imagine. Anyway, I’ve given you a chance, but you didn’t appreciate it.” 
With that, he signaled at his subordinates to point their guns at Sebastian. 
“No—” a woman screamed all of sudden. 
Then, she stumbled her way toward them and warded off the gun from Sebastian. 
“Sasha, why are you here? Why did you come back?” 
Sebastian finally composed himself and looked at her. 
In merely a few seconds, the voice that kept provoking him in his mind vanished. Panicked, he immediately ran down the stairs. 
When Sasha turned around, she almost wanted to slap Sebastian in the face. 
However, she only opened her arms to hug him tightly and said, “You jerk, what have you been doing all this while? Why do you always keep things from me, huh?” 
Sasha ignored the guns and burst into tears as she spoke.
Sebastian embraced her tightly. At that moment, he decided not to care about the rest. 
If we’re destined to die, let us die together! 
He was already on the brink of his death when Charles blocked his way on the highway to kill him three years ago and was merely lucky enough to stay alive till then. 
“Lord, have mercy.” 
At that juncture, an old monk in a grey shirt suddenly showed up. 
Everyone present, including Sebastian and Sasha, gazed at him curiously. 
“Miss, we meet again.” 
The old monk came up to Sasha and Sebastian despite the dangerous situation. 
At the sight of him, Sasha wiped her tears away and quickly let go of Sebastian. 
“Master, why… Why are you here? It’s dangerous. Please leave quickly.” Sasha advised the monk not to stay there any longer. 
Much to her surprise, the monk replied smilingly, “Miss, I’m here to bring you two out of here.” 
“Huh?” 
That baffled Sasha. 
He wants to bring us out of here? Is he out of his mind? 
Glancing around, she noticed that Sebastian’s expression turned grim. That was because he thought the monk was a lunatic who disturbed their last moments of peace.
The next moment, Sebastian was surprised that the old monk gazed at Louis and said, “Sir, can I leave with them?” 
Words could not describe the expression on Louis’ face. 
The smug look he had on previously had changed to an awkward one. 
“Do you know who they are?” 
“I know. Sir, don’t worry. We’ve just cleaned two rooms in our temple. I believe they will be happy to stay there,” the old monk replied smilingly. 
What happened next shocked Sasha and Sebastian to the core. Louis merely grunted and waved his hands as a signal. Immediately, his subordinates put their guns down. 
“All right. But remember your words. If they ever step out of Aquene Temple, I’ll burn your temple down!” 
Louis left with his men after giving the old monk a warning. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and Sebastian were bewildered. 
The couple was unsure if their eyes had tricked them, but they saw the old monk’s smile fade once the men left. Then, a hint of hatred and sternness flashed across his eyes.
###Chapter 1207
Chapter 1207
Chapter 1207 House Arrest 
In the end, both Sebastian and Sasha were still brought to Aquene Temple. 
It was snowing heavily, and the frigid wind howled. There was not much different from their visit the year before. The only difference they could see was that the amount of snow had increased. 
It was a vast expanse of whiteness. 
“Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, we lead a simple life up in the mountains. It’s nothing compared to what you’re used to, but I hope you can bear with us.” 
After taking them into the temple, the old monk personally brought them to their room. 
In truth, the location and nature of the place did not allow the luxury of having many modern amenities. Therefore, the two of them really did not feel any warmth when they went into their room. 
It was only after a while before a junior monk brought a brazier in and set the charcoals on fire. 
“Master, are we only allowed to stay in our room every day?” asked Sasha. 
She was not stupid. 
Earlier on at the foot of the mountain, she had already caught the hint. Although the old monk had saved them, they were as good as being on house arrest. 
Thankfully, the old monk laughed after hearing her question. 
“Mrs. Hayes, you have nothing to worry about. Since both of you have come to Aquene Temple, then you can go anywhere within the temple. If both of you have the time, you’re welcome to join us in our prayers.”
Prayers? He wants us to become a monk and a nun? 
The two of them watched the old monk leave before they finally sat down on the shabby chairs. 
“Sebby, do you want some water? Shall I pour some for you?” 
Sasha might be tired, but her priority was still to take care of Sebastian. 
However, he merely glared at her in silence and looked like he wanted to skin her alive. 
What’s going on? 
Sasha started to get goosebumps. She gulped and asked, “What’s wrong? Is there something on me?” 
She could not help but look at herself. 
Just then, the man in front of her grabbed hold of her arm and pulled her out of the chair. 
Sasha was shocked. 
“Why didn’t you listen to me? Why did you come back? Do you know how dangerous it was just now? I can’t believe you stood in front of me. Sasha, did you even know what you were doing?” 
His outburst echoed in the room long after he finished. 
Sasha was taken aback. 
She could not believe that was the reason for his behavior. 
It actually took him so long to flare up? 
Sasha calmed herself before she explained to Sebastian, “I-I woke up and saw me and the children on the plane. I also saw Xayden. That’s when I realized you must be in trouble.”
Her eyes teared up as she spoke. 
Back then, she had only come to that realization when she saw Xayden, who was supposed to send them to Miralaea. 
That scene reminded Sasha of the time when Sebastian went to Jadeborough alone to kill Charles. The exact same thing had happened back then as well— Sebastian got Calvin to send the three children away. 
He had even forced her away using the most unforgivable method. 
Thus, when she saw Xayden, she recalled that nightmare. In order to come back, she had threatened Xayden with death. 
“Don’t worry. The children are on their way to Miralaea. They’re safe,” said Sasha in a bid to comfort Sebastian. 
Sebastian looked like he wanted very much to say something to her. 
Instead, he pulled her into his arms and held her in a tight embrace. 
Safe? 
No. Now, nowhere is safe. 
But if that’s the case, I will feel safer for her to be by my side. At least I won’t have to worry that she may do something stupid. 
Eventually, Sebastian accepted the situation. 
Hence, the two of them decided to stay at the temple for the time being.
It was a quiet and peaceful life in the temple. At the beginning of the new year, not many people came and prayed. It was a vast difference from the hustle and bustle of city life. 
The couple was not used to it. 
For Sebastian, he was used to being busy, and he could not adapt to the leisurely lifestyle all of a sudden. 
As for Sasha, there was nothing to do but miss her children, and she was not used to it either. 
“Mrs. Hayes, if you’re willing, you may join Master Eldridge in sorting out the medical room. I understand that you used to be a famous TCM practitioner, and we would be honored if you could help us out.” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s eyes lit up with interest. 
From that day on, she would look for Master Eldridge and join him in his work. 
Sebastian, on the other hand, was getting bored and frustrated. 
Still, the old monk would come and play chess with him every day without fail. 
“Mr. Hayes, you don’t seem to be able to still your mind.” 
“Still my mind?” 
With that, Sebastian placed a black piece down impatiently on the chessboard and eyed the old monk with sarcasm.
###Chapter 1208
Chapter 1208
Chapter 1208 You Brat 
“If it was you, would you be able to still your mind? Your children and family are being controlled by others, and even your own freedom is being restricted. All you can do is sit and wait like a loser in a place like this. Can you keep your mind still under such circumstances?” 
“I can. If not, I wouldn’t have been able to stay here for the past few decades,” said the old monk with a smile. 
Sebastian was about to drink from his teacup when he stopped. 
The snow was still falling outside. 
The wind had not stopped either. 
However, at that moment, when he looked at the old monk, it was as if he had temporarily forgotten his frustration. 
All Sebastian saw was the smiling face of the old monk. 
The past few decades. 
So, who exactly is he? He was able to save us from Louis and has been staying at the temple for so long. What is his real identity? 
“Who exactly are you?” 
In the end, Sebastian could not help but ask. 
The old monk chuckled heartily again. “Mr. Hayes, you’ve asked me this question umpteen times. Haven’t I already told you? My name is Master Abner, the abbot of this temple.”
“No, you’re not. You’re probably related to him,” murmured Sebastian while cradling his cup of tea. 
The old monk was in the midst of placing a chess piece down, but he paused mid-air for a brief moment before continuing. 
Sebastian noticed that and continued, “Louis said his power is prevalent, and I was defeated by him in the end as well. Yet your temple is right under his nose and doing well. That could only mean the two of you must know each other and go a long way back.” 
“Haha…” 
The old monk laughed once again. 
However, this time, he did not beat around the bush. His silence could also be taken as an admission. There was even a slither of approval in his eyes. 
The old monk seemed to be praising the young man for his intelligence. 
“So, what kind of connection do you think I have with him?” 
“Louis is the founding father of the country. The ten men who fought alongside him back then were awarded medals, but they have been slaughtered by me. Therefore, you’re not one of them.” 
“All right. Who do you think I am then?” 
The old monk became more interested in Sebastian’s guess. Even though it was regarding his own identity, he still held the teacup and eyed the young man with interest. 
He reminded Sebastian of a busybody waiting to listen to some juicy gossip. 
“Are you his son?”
Pfft! 
The old monk spat out a mouthful of tea onto the chessboard. 
Well, well. Good job, you brat! 
It took the old monk a long time before he cleared his throat and put the cup down. 
“Mr. Hayes, you have a wild imagination. Louis is eighty this year. As for myself, I’m around sixty-odd years of age. Do you think Louis became a father around the age of ten?” 
Sebastian stopped talking. 
Can’t the people back then conceive when they are at that age? 
Still, because of the strong reaction of the old monk, Sebastian dismissed that theory. 
In the afternoon, Sasha returned to have lunch and heard about the incident. She did not think it was possible, but it made her think of someone. 
“Do you remember something? Back then when Sophie invited me to the Limmer family’s Golden Heights, I saw their family tree. Apparently, Louis has a younger brother.” 
“A younger brother?” 
“That’s right. They fought together, and Louis later became the founding father. Nothing is mentioned further about the brother. Do you think the old monk might be his younger brother?” 
Sasha analyzed the situation. 
Sebastian frowned but did not comment.
It was not their fault. They were too young to know about the generation before them. On top of that, they were being held captive there. It would be even harder to find out the truth. 
Little did they realize that Karl would sneak up the mountain that night. 
“Mr. Hayes…” 
“What are you doing here? Do you know how dangerous it is?” 
The couple, who had been woken up in the middle of the night, became worried when they saw their loyal subordinate. 
Karl could not be bothered. After braving the snow and seeing the two of them, he took out something that was wrapped with paper. 
“Mr. Hayes, take a look at this. During the time when we were being held captive at SteelFort, we found this when we were sorting out the old stuff.” 
Sebastian took the item. 
The light in the corridor was dim. Before he could see anything, he felt something cold and metallic touch his skin. 
By the time he opened up everything, a golden item appeared in front of him. 
“Is this a medal?” 
Sasha’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
A medal. That’s right. It’s another medal!
Sebastian saw it as well. Those things irritated and irked him. Hatred oozed from his eyes, and he felt like throwing it away.
###Chapter 1209
Chapter 1209
Chapter 1209 A Mission For My Darling 
Suddenly, he noticed a difference. 
“Medal of Peace?” 
“That’s right, Mr. Hayes. This is the Medal of Peace. It is the highest award bestowed by the United Nations to all the anti-terrorism heroes,” Karl uttered with a trembling voice. 
There was only silence in the corridor. It was as if all sounds had disappeared at that moment, including the howling of the wind. 
The only thing that could be heard was their heartbeats. 
In the end, Sebastian held on to that medal tightly and walked into his room. 
He had that medal on his chest for the entire night and fell asleep with it. Next to him was Sasha. 
In the subsequent days, the old man sensed a change in Sebastian. 
He longer pestered him with questions. Even the frustration in his eyes had calmed down substantially. All he did was play chess with him. Even if they did chat, it was about some mundane topics. 
This is odd. 
The old monk started to worry. 
“Mr. Hayes, you seem very calm these few days.” 
“Yes,” responded Sebastian as he lifted his cup of tea.
“Isn’t this what you’ve hoped for me? You told me that I needed to still my mind. I’m a little hostile, and the peaceful aura of this temple is needed to calm my urge to kill.” 
For a long while, the old monk did not speak. 
Nonetheless, he was quite pleased with the current state of events. Hence, immediately after their chess session, he left. 
Once he got back to his room, a junior monk came and asked, “Master, that person has come to fetch you again. He wants me to ask you if you can leave yet.” 
“Got it.” 
The old monk got up, and he left the temple soon after. 
As the days went by, the snow on the mountaintop started to melt away. The trees and grass began to flourish. Even the birds on the huge maple tree outside the temple entrance started chirping again. 
Sebastian did not leave the temple, but he was well aware of the situation outside. 
Louis had finally revealed himself. 
Since Sebastian’s move, Louis had no choice but to disclose his identity and move back into the White House even though Silas was still in power. 
However, the moment Louis got into the White House, Silas basically lost his power. 
Louis was in full control. 
Furthermore, because the well-known Aquene Temple had held several prayer sessions at the White House, the citizens who hated Louis started to mellow down in the end.
As such, it was a huge win for Louis. 
Since the weather turned warm, Sebastian seldom played chess. Recently, he started to read. He had come across a huge library within the temple and would hole up in there every day. 
“Sebby, did you notice that the old monk seems to have lost weight recently?” 
That day, Sasha had finished her work and shared her observation with him. 
Sebastian remained silent. 
However, if one looked closely, they would have detected a slight pause in his reading. 
“Is there any news from Devin?” 
“Yes, his bandage has been removed, and he has made a full recovery. His face looks exactly the same as before. But, given their present circumstances, they can only stay right where they are,” said Sasha. 
Sebastian raised his eyebrows. “You never know. Darling, I have a mission for you. Do you think you can accomplish it?” 
“What?” 
Sasha had never heard him talk like that before, and she was taken aback. A beat later, she became excited. 
“What kind of mission? Tell me!” 
In the past, he had never involved her in his missions nor invited her to join him.
To her surprise, after she agreed, he said, “Can you make me fall ill? The sicker I become, the better.” 
Sasha was in shock. 
I feel like killing him. What should I do? 
This is the first time he’s given me a mission. Can’t he give a better one? I can’t believe he wants me to make him fall sick! 
Sebastian started explaining when he saw her angry face, “Look at it this way. Our safety, including that of our children in Miralaea, the Hayes family in Avenport, SteelFort, and even Devin, are all dependent on that old monk. You said so earlier that he’s getting thinner. If he dies, what’s going to happen to us? Will we have to die along with him too?” 
But his explanation sounds so strange. It’s like he’s trying to coax a child. What has the weight loss of the old monk got to do with anything? 
Eventually, Sasha agreed. 
“What will happen when you fall ill?” 
“Hmm… Grayson will come here, I reckon.” 
This man is really something! 
In the end, Sasha did what she had to do. As a result, Sebastian suffered a splitting headache that night, and he almost strangled the junior monk who passed by their room. 
When the old monk saw that, he got others to restrain Sebastian. A concerned and anxious expression was on his face. 
“How did he become like this? He was fine in the past, wasn’t he?”
“Not really. It already happened once previously when Louis located him. Today, he found out that his grandpa is being sentenced to death and suffered immense shock,” explained Sasha with tears flowing down her face. 
The old monk turned pale! 
The news was indeed true, but he had ordered it to be blocked out so that it would never reach the temple.
###Chapter 1210
Chapter 1210
Chapter 1210 Crazy Again 
The old monk eventually agreed for Sasha to bring Sebastian away, and he would personally escort them down the mountain. 
Some of the other monks expressed their concerns. “Master, what if the man comes to find you after you send them away?” 
“It’s fine. If he really comes, please ask him to wait for me in the temple,” the old monk reminded before leaving the temple. 
Two hours later, Grayson from General Hospital was dumbfounded upon seeing them. 
“How is this possible? Hasn’t he recovered?” He widened his eyes. This news was like the biggest humiliation for his medical record. 
Sasha and the old monk were rendered speechless. 
Grayson took Sebastian away for examination. Sasha wanted to follow them, but she spotted many people arriving downstairs. 
She paused in her tracks right away. 
“Master, they…” 
“It’s all right. You can go in first. I’ll stay here.” 
The old monk waved at Sasha in a composed manner. 
Biting her lip, Sasha cast a final glance at the old monk before going in.
By that time, Grayson had begun checking Sebastian’s body. This time, even the head of the General Hospital failed to differentiate if Sebastian was really sick or not. 
“How is he, Dr. Wallen?” 
“It’s so strange. Why did he have a relapse? He’s already recovered his main personality. Why would he suddenly lose it again?” 
Grayson could not wrap his head around it. 
He lowered his head as he kept scanning Sebastian’s eyes with the torchlight. Then, he used his stethoscope on the latter’s chest, trying to find a clue. 
Sasha held her breath and watched the whole process. 
“Dr. Wallen, do you think he needs to stay in the hospital?” 
“I don’t think so. It’s not that severe,” Grayson responded without hesitation. 
Sasha bit her lip, waiting for the opportune moment to pierce Sebastian with another needle. Right then, he opened his eyes. 
“Dr. Wallen, I think it’s better for me to stay here.” 
“What?” 
Bang! 
At the same time, the old monk failed to block those men as they barged into the consultation room. 
They were astonished at what came into their sight.
“Sebby, please let go of Dr. Wallen! Don’t hurt him, Sebby!” 
Sasha was struggling while trying to stop Sebastian from piercing Grayson with the syringe. 
The syringe accidentally pierced through her hand, and blood flowed out. 
Grayson paled in fright as he retreated to a corner. 
“Dr. Wallen, are you all right?” 
Those men changed their attitude slightly as they expressed their concern for Grayson. 
No matter how presumptuous Louis was in the White House, he still respected Grayson. After all, Grayson used to be in the military as well, so he could be considered a brother-in-arms. 
Grayson regained his senses shortly after. 
“I’m fine… He’s gone crazy again. We can’t send him back to the mountain again. Let’s lock him up in the ward for now to prevent him from hurting anyone further.” 
Grayson abruptly made his decision, still recoiled in fear. 
Has he really gone mad? 
Those men furrowed their brows upon hearing that. 
“What do you think of this?” 
“Maybe we should seek guidance from the White House. He’s a dangerous man, and we ought to keep a close eye on him. We should inform the White House before moving him here.” 
They dared not make any decisions without Louis’ permission.
Sasha did not say anything from where she was standing off to the side. She did not seem to be worried that much as she was confident things were still under control. 
After those men made a call, they nodded in agreement. 
“Okay, we’ve got the approval. But Dr. Wallen, since he’s gone crazy again, it’s not safe to keep him here. Let’s send him to The Fourth Hospital.” 
“What?” 
Sasha and Grayson froze on the spot as they did not expect those men to make such a call. 
The Fourth Hospital? That’s a psychiatric hospital. 
Back when Alfred tried to frame Sebastian in the army, the latter had pretended to be crazy and ended up being locked up there. 
Sasha could not forget how terrifying the hospital was. 
Losing her calm, she instantly said, “No! You can’t send him there! He’s not completely crazy yet. He merely showed some symptoms of relapse. Do we have to go that far?” 
Yet those men burst into laughter after hearing her words. “Fine. Then let him go back to the mountain. Your call.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
She stared at those men for a long while, clenching her fists tightly.
###Chapter 1211
Chapter 1211
Chapter 1211 The Family Of Devin Came 
Right then, Grayson walked over to Sasha. “Sasha, don’t worry. I’ll still be his attending physician over at The Fourth Hospital. I’ll take good care of him.” 
He patted Sasha’s shoulder gently while handing her a clean gauze, gesturing for her to clean her wound. 
Sasha’s eyes reddened at that moment. 
She lowered her head, trying hard to suppress her emotions. 
No, I can’t cry. We’ve been planning this for a long time. I mustn’t ruin it. Everyone is in a dangerous spot right now. I mustn’t become a burden to them. 
In the end, Sasha could only watch Sebastian getting taken away by those men. She did not even have a chance to talk to him. 
After they all left, tears dropped from her face. 
The old monk stood behind her. “Mrs. Hayes, please don’t worry. Since Dr. Wallen has promised he will take care of your husband, he’ll keep his words. It’s late already. Let’s go back.” 
Sasha cast one last glance at the direction Sebastian and the men had left in before following the old monk. 
When we came, it was the two of us. Yet now, I’m going back alone. 
On the way back, Sasha became utterly despondent. She stared outside the car as her heart clenched in pain.
The old monk cast a glance at her and let out a long sigh. 
The next few days, Sasha sank into a deep depression in the temple. 
Even when Grayson sent over some news, she still looked utterly lifeless. 
Until one day, a car arrived at the entrance of the temple. 
“Devin? Sab? Why did you come back here?” 
She was startled after seeing who was in the car. Sabrina even brought along Jaena and offered the baby to her. Sasha was so shocked she did not even accept. 
“You’ve been locked up here for too long. Why are you so shocked to see us?” 
Sabrina cast a glare at her, utterly displeased. 
On the other hand, Devin did not bother with her behavior as he started taking all the luggage out of the car. 
“We’re going to stay here from now on. Please arrange a place for us.” 
“Excuse me?” 
Sasha was taken aback again. 
However, she quickly recollected herself and took a piece of luggage from Devin. 
“Did Louis ask you to come back?” 
“Yes.” 
Devin did not deny it.
Sabrina, carrying Jaena, displayed a wrathful look upon hearing that. “Why won’t that old fart give up? His life is about to come to an end. What’s the use of hoarding so much power and wealth?” 
“Sabrina!” Devin shouted at her angrily. 
Only then did Sabrina shut her mouth and head inside with her baby. 
Sasha did not utter a word, though her mood worsened after the two of them came. 
Based on the current situation, one more ally outside means more hope. Yet Louis sent the two leading powers of the Jadesons in here. What should we do then? 
At that moment, Sasha was overwhelmed with desperation. 
“Mr. Jadeson, you’re here.” 
They ran into the old monk after entering the temple. Yet, the old monk did not seem to be startled at all by their arrival. 
Devin put on an awkward smile. “Yes. Sorry for disturbing you again, Master.” 
The old monk acted exceptionally generously. “No problem at all. It’s our honor that you’re willing to come here. There’s nothing much here. I’m not sure if you’ll get used to it here.” 
“Don’t worry about it. I’ve stayed in a much worse environment during wartime. It’s considered a relatively nice place here.” 
Indeed, Devin had a good temper. 
If it were Sebastian, he would not even be bothered to engage in a conversation with the old monk.
With that, the family of three settled down in the temple. With more company, Sasha’s mood seemed to improve somehow, especially with the existence of a baby. 
“Jaena! Jaena, please come over here.” 
One day, Devin had gone off who-knows-where while Sabrina was washing laundry. Sasha stopped by and saw Jaena playing alone. 
“Hahaha…” 
Even though Jaena was not yet one year old, she could already recognize people. 
She was delighted after seeing Sasha, and she wandered unsteadily toward the latter. 
Sabrina was still busy washing the clothes. “Please carry her away. She keeps disturbing me, and I can’t get the laundry done.” 
Huh? 
Sasha could not wrap her head around it. 
It was the first time she saw Sabrina doing her laundry. 
Carrying Jaena in her arms, Sasha walked over to Sabrina.
###Chapter 1212
Chapter 1212
Chapter 1212 Something Wrong 
She was somehow impressed to see Sabrina doing the laundry skillfully. She had never expected a spoiled lady like the latter could manage such an errand. 
Both Sabrina’s hands had become red after scrubbing at the clothes. 
“Sab, I’m impressed. You’ve learned so much even in an unfavorable environment.” 
“Hmph!” 
Sabrina snorted angrily and continued her ministrations. 
That amused Sasha, but she knew she should not laugh in front of Sabrina. If I did, she’d throw the clothes at me. 
With that, Sasha tried to change the topic. 
“Where’s Devin?” 
“Chopping wood!” Sabrina snapped. 
Sasha was dumbfounded when she heard that. 
Devin’s chopping wood? He’s the heir of the Jadesons and previously the special force commander. Yet he’s willing to do such humble work now? 
Sasha knew Devin had a good temper, but she did not expect it to be this good. She was utterly amazed by that. Sebastian stayed here for months, and he didn’t do anything. 
With that thought in mind, Sasha shook her head helplessly.
She decided to take the baby out for a walk a moment later. 
Right then, she noticed Sabrina had separated Devin’s clothes from her own. 
Sasha was shaken by her action. 
Why would she separate her husband’s clothes from hers? Is that necessary? Nevertheless, I should not stick my nose into others’ business. 
The scenery on the mountain in spring was breathtaking. The big maple branches in the temple were extraordinarily luxuriant, and tiny flowers on the roadside were blooming, leaving a fragrance everywhere. 
Carrying Jaena, Sasha meandered along the small path. 
“Jaena, look. There’s a pretty flower over there. Let’s pluck it for you.” 
Upon hearing that, Jaena danced joyously in her embrace. 
Sasha squatted down and tried to pluck the red azalea. 
Right then, a man’s whistle came from further down the path. His whistling was so high and clear that it shocked all the birds away. 
Sasha was stunned by that sound too. 
“Wa…” 
Jaena was shocked as well, immediately bursting into tears. 
Sasha regained her senses and started comforting Jaena. At the same time, she realized the whistling had stopped too.
“Devin?” 
She was slightly startled as she did not expect to see Devin appearing in sight. 
Devin’s expression was awkward as well. 
He walked toward them with two living birds in his hands. 
“Did I startle you guys just now? I was trying to catch these birds for Jaena to play with.” 
Upon saying that, he showed Jaena the birds in his hands. 
With those cute birds in sight, Jaena stopped crying right away and started giggling loudly. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
So he was trying to catch the birds. 
Sasha let out a sigh of relief as she straightened. 
“Devin, what’s your plan? You’re not going to stay here forever, are you? I’m worried about Sebastian in The Fourth Hospital. They won’t allow me to visit him.” 
Sasha could not help but express her concerns. 
She wanted to find out how Sebastian was holding up. 
Plus, she did not think Devin should waste his time chopping wood in this temple. 
Fortunately, Devin did not plan to stay long as well. 
“I’ll find a chance to visit him. But the most important thing now is Jonathan’s case.”
“Yes. I heard from Sebastian that Jonathan has been sentenced to death by the military court. If we don’t rescue him in time, it will all be over.” 
She became frantic after mentioning it. 
Devin nodded firmly. “So we have to solve this first. I heard that you know someone from the Leonard family back in Yartran, right?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was stunned momentarily. “The Leonard family? Yes, I do. Why?” 
Past memories started to flash through her mind. 
Devin explained, “That man was robbed by a smuggling ring back when they were doing business in Smallpoint. Jonathan was the one who saved him. If you can contact him and ask him to persuade the royal family of Yartran to plead for mercy on behalf of Jonathan, it might solve the problem.” 
Sasha was absolutely taken aback upon hearing that. 
First, the Leonard family indeed comes from the royal family in Yartran. But Raymond had been chased out by the time I left. Does he still have the right to persuade them? Secondly, how did Devin know about this? Yes, he’s the commander of the special forces, but I’m only his sister-in-law. How could he know so much about me? 
Sasha stared at him for a long while before responding, “I can try to reach him. However, we’re under surveillance, and all our communication devices have been cut off. How could we possibly contact the outside world?” 
“Communication devices? I’ve got plenty of them.” 
Upon saying that, Devin rolled up his sleeve and showed an expensive-looking watch on his wrist.
Sasha blinked owlishly. 
A quartz watch? Doesn’t he only wear mechanical watches? 
As a quartz watch had a ticking sound, those from the military would not usually wear it.
###Chapter 1213
Chapter 1213
Chapter 1213 Hostility 
Sasha used the watch equipped with a micro communicator and contacted Raymond in Yartran. Afterward, she went back to her room and sank into deep thought. 
Her thoughts were all in a muddle. 
Am I overthinking? 
She remembered clearly what she had observed, so she could not lie to herself and pretend nothing had happened. 
So is there something wrong with him? 
After pondering for a long while, she figured she needed to find another chance to confirm what she saw. 
“Sasha, what’re you doing in your room? You’ve been in there for a while. Please help me out. Jaena wants to eat baby food, but I’m not good at making it.” 
“Oh, sure.” 
With that, Sasha came out from her room. 
Since the monks in the temple were vegetarians, the old monk had specially built a kitchen outside the temple for Sasha and the rest to cook their own food. 
They were allowed to cook anything they wanted if it was not inside the temple. 
Hence, Sasha, Sabrina, and Jaena came to the kitchen. Sasha opened the fridge and took out some pumpkin.
“How do you want it done? How does she usually eat it?” 
“Her dad used to make her pumpkin puree,” Sabrina responded casually, hugging her child in her arms. 
Sasha cast a glance at her. “If that’s the case, then why don’t you ask Devin to cook? I bet he’s better at it.” 
“He…” Sabrina choked on her words before continuing, “He hasn’t come back yet. He’s gone to chop wood with those monks. Jaena is starving, so please make it for her first.” 
Sasha did not question it further as she went on to prepare the meal. 
After dinner, Sabrina and Jaena went back into the temple to rest. Sasha spent over an hour cleaning up the kitchen. 
On her way back to her room, she noticed light coming from the other room. 
Should I check it out? 
She hesitated for a few seconds. 
Eventually, she could not suppress her curiosity. Putting down the bucket in her hand, she tiptoed toward the room. 
Just then, she heard a sound coming from inside the room, as though something was being pulled across the floor. 
Sasha held her breath and became more cautious with her steps. 
“Why did you drag the table over? Aren’t these few chairs enough?” 
“No, they’re not comfortable enough.”
Sasha recognized the familiar voice, but its tone sounded somewhat strange. 
The usually calm voice sounded extremely impatient at the moment. 
Just then, Sabrina’s voice rang out. “Then do you want to sleep in the bed? I’ll sleep on the chairs with the baby.” 
“No way. How could I let a woman sleep so uncomfortably? Fine, I’ll stop shifting the table and sleep on those chairs. Would that be okay, Ms. Hayes?” 
For several seconds, Sasha stood frozen by their door. 
I’m sure the man isn’t Devin! He would never address Sabrina as Ms. Hayes. Plus, they’re married. Why would they sleep separately? 
She could not remember when and how she got back to her room. 
She only remembered herself trembling, though she was not sure if it was out of coldness or fear. 
Even after reaching her room, she was still shaking incessantly as she sat on her bed. 
What happened? Why is that man a fake? Where is the real Devin? 
In just a few minutes, her entire mind fell into a mess, unable to calm down. 
What freaked her out the most was that Sabrina knew Devin was a fake. 
Sasha did not sleep for the whole night. 
The following day, Sabrina and the man woke up early. Jaena was still sleeping. 
“The method you asked Sasha to do yesterday, can it save Jonathan?”
“It should. Your brother asked me to do it, after all. I don’t think he would suggest it if he wasn’t confident.” 
The man who was still lying on the chairs yawned while replying. 
Sabrina was a little pissed by his casual behavior. 
“Please get up now. My husband is not like this! Don’t screw it up!” Sabrina walked over and kicked the chairs angrily. 
Ha! Women! 
The man had no choice but to get up from the chairs. 
He kicked off the quilt on his body and wandered lazily to the bathroom to freshen up.
###Chapter 1214
Chapter 1214
Chapter 1214 A Chess Game 
Sabrina was rendered speechless. 
Staring at his flippant attitude, she was beyond exasperated. 
She tried hard to calm herself down. Never mind. At least he knows how to behave when he goes outside this room. 
“So should I head down the mountain today?” 
“Yes, please hurry. I have no idea how my brother is doing in the mental hospital. It’s better if you can find Grayson first after you arrive. Remember not to let anyone discover you,” Sabrina reminded with concern. 
The man nodded while eating the breakfast Sabrina had prepared. 
“Ms. Hayes, you’re a good cook. Much better than those women I knew back then.” 
“What are you talking about? Do you think I don’t dare to punch you?” 
Finally losing her calm, Sabrina rolled up her sleeves. 
Devin… No. It should be Edmund. 
Edmund immediately finished up his breakfast and ran out of the room. 
F*ck! Why would Devin fall in love with such a violent woman? Do all military men like this type of woman because they might be more feisty in bed? 
The infamous Edmund Cooper from Yorksland indeed had a dirty mind.
As Edmund left the room abruptly, he did not realize someone was watching him from behind. The figure hid in the shade of the trees, staring at him until he disappeared into the horizon. 
So it seems like all this is Sebastian’s scheme. I wonder how he’s holding up in that horrible place. Nonetheless, this move finally gives us hope to turn things around. But how did he manage to conduct such a plan from the psychiatric hospital? And how much did he sacrifice to achieve it? 
Sasha’s heart clenched in pain as she gazed beyond the mountain with reddened eyes. 
“Mrs. Hayes?” 
“Yes, Master?” 
Sasha turned around and noticed the old monk approaching. She immediately wiped the tears off her face. 
The old monk nodded faintly. “Are you worried about him? You shouldn’t be. I suppose they merely want to know more about the military base from him. After all, he was the one who built the troop. Surely they will need to consult him. He’s a smart guy. He’ll know how to handle it.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha’s face went paler upon hearing that. 
They want to know more about the military base? That would be worse then! 
… 
Meanwhile, Edmund was brought to the military base as soon as he came down from the mountain. 
“Devin, you’re finally back! Nice move! We really thought you were dead.”
Arriving at the military base, those Devin knew started joking around with him. 
Edmund shrugged his shoulders slightly. 
“Well, how else could I trick you guys into showing your true colors?” 
“You…” 
They were rendered speechless by his words. 
The military base used to obey the orders from the Jadesons. Most of the troops here were trained by Jonathan, and when Devin took over, he managed to build a special force that intimidated the whole world. 
With that, the entire army was utterly loyal to the Jadesons. 
Hence, after Louis seized power, the only way for the army to submit to him was to get rid of the original men. 
The men who just teased Edmund were obviously the new recruits. 
Edmund pulled out a chair and sat down. 
“Speak. Why did you take me here?” 
“Why do you think? You’re no longer a leader here. Shouldn’t you hand over what’s in your hands?” 
“In my hands?” Edmund displayed a confused look. “What do you mean? Are you talking about my gun? Or all the medals that I’ve won? I can give you the gun, but I won all those medals with my own effort. I’m not obliged to give them to you.”
“Devin Jadeson!” 
His words stirred an uproar among those men. 
“Don’t act dumb with us. You know what I’m talking about! The special forces that you led had a special communication method and code system when you guys went out on missions. You’re the only one who knows about it. Hand them over now! Don’t test my patience!” 
The spokesperson for the men slapped the table fiercely and pointed his finger toward Edmund. 
Edmund narrowed his eyes slightly. 
What a bunch of fools! Do they expect a former commander to hand over something like this? Why don’t they create a new system themselves? After all, Devin created it all by himself back then. 
Edmund pretended to ponder for a while and then put on a smile. 
“Okay. I’ll tell you, but only if you let me meet my brother.” 
“Keep on dreaming!” 
The man was beyond exasperated upon hearing Edmund’s suggestion.
###Chapter 1215
Chapter 1215
Chapter 1215 Is He Crazy 
Upon hearing that, Edmund had no interest in furthering the conversation. He stood up and began walking out. 
“Where are you going?” 
“Back to the mountain. Since you refused my offer, there’s no need for me to stay here.” Edmund sounded firm in his decision. 
He was not afraid about causing trouble. 
Even though he might be playful and casual at times, he could be absolutely stubborn once he made up his mind. 
Eventually, those men gave in. 
Despite feeling enraged, they sent him out of the military base and directly to The Fourth Hospital. 
With that, Sebastian had his first visitor six days after being sent there. 
“Sebastian?” 
Edmund’s heart skipped a beat when he saw Sebastian. 
Sebastian was his best friend’s brother. 
But at the same time, the former was his father’s murderer. 
Edmund strode over slowly. 
He was startled to see a man whose face was utterly pale and his gaze lifeless.
Edmund was dumbfounded. 
Has he really gone crazy? 
Edmund’s face fell. All his earlier hatred and rage for his father’s death instantly turned into worry and anxiousness. 
“Has he… really gone crazy?” 
The staff who sent Edmund here gloated sarcastically, “Of course. That’s why he got sent here.” 
Edmund fell into a deep silence. 
What should we do if that’s true? The entire Jadeson family is counting on him now. Without him, the whole game would be over. 
Edmund stood outside the ward with a troubled look. 
But a while after the staff left, a hoarse voice suddenly rang out from the ward. “Did you bring it?” 
Edmund’s head snapped up upon hearing that. 
“You… are not crazy.” He stared at Sebastian’s clear eyes in disbelief. 
Sebastian stared back at him with a frown. 
Is he an idiot? Well, what am I expecting? He’s Benedict’s son, after all. 
Sebastian stretched his hand out of the ward impatiently. “Give it to me now!” 
Edmund lowered his head and noticed Sebastian’s wrist was full of needle holes. Some parts of it were even bruised.
“You—” 
“Cut the crap. All you have to do now is go back to the mountain and stay low. Remember, don’t let anyone discover your identity. Keep in mind that the mountain is under surveillance as well.” 
Sebastian had no intention to explain the details to him. 
After all, he did not expect to have a comfortable life after being sent here. As long as he could still breathe, nothing else mattered. 
Edmund was taken aback for a while. 
The next moment, he touched the back of his ear and took out a metal-like thing from a tiny wound that had just been stitched up. 
“This is what you want. However, Devin wants me to warn you. After you implant it, you will experience great pain because you didn’t grow up with the Jadesons. It’s better to implant it when one’s still a kid.” 
“I got it.” 
Sebastian took it over emotionlessly. 
Edmund cast a final glance at him and was about to leave. 
“By the way, I should apologize to you for your dad, but only because he was your dad. In terms of justice and the law, he deserved it!” 
Surprisingly, Sebastian apologized to Edmund. 
With that, Edmund froze on the spot.
I knew my dad deserved to be dead. I knew it all along. But he’s my dad, and there was nothing I could do about it. The only thing I could do was keep my distance from his crimes. That’s why I went to Yorksland. And that’s why even though I know the Jadesons caused his death, I still choose to help them. 
Edmund lowered his eyes. “You don’t have to apologize to me. I knew what he did. Even if you didn’t kill him, someone else would do it eventually.” 
For a moment, all Sebastian could do was stare at Edmund. 
He was somewhat surprised that the latter did not blame him at all. 
With that, Edmund left the place. 
Half an hour later, there was a fuss inside the ward. The sounds of the bed being smashed and the chair being thrown could be heard clearly. Upon receiving news of that, Grayson rushed to the scene immediately. 
That night, Sebastian had an extremely high fever, so high that his body spasmed and seized. 
Grayson stayed by his bed for the whole night, not daring to relax for a second.
###Chapter 1216
Chapter 1216
Chapter 1216 A Useful Man 
Meanwhile, Sasha had waited for Edmund for a whole day on the mountain. 
She had no idea what was going on down there. Ever since she heard from the old monk that Edmund had headed for the military base, she felt anxious. 
She was concerned not only about Edmund’s safety, but also Sebastian’s condition. 
To her relief, a car finally appeared on the horizon. 
“Devin…” 
She stood up immediately and rushed to the entrance. 
Edmund stopped his car and was startled to see her. “Why are you here? Were you waiting for me?” 
Sasha replied, “Yes. How was it? Did they give you a hard time? And did you see Sebastian at the hospital? How is he?” 
She started peppering him with questions before he could even react. 
Edmund got out of the car slowly. 
He recalled Devin reminding him to watch over his shoulder for the two women beside him. Sabrina might not be as sharp, but Sasha was another matter entirely. 
The latter had always displayed extraordinary intelligence, especially when Sebastian was not by her side. 
Edmund pursed his lips. “Relax. I’m fine. And I met Sebastian.”
“Really?” 
Sasha’s eyes started brimming with tears. 
“So… How is he? Is he okay?” 
“He’s fine. He’s got Grayson taking care of him, so don’t worry.” 
Edmund made a white lie, recalling the pale-looking man with his wrist full of needle holes. 
Upon hearing that, Sasha finally let out a sigh of relief. 
That’s right. Grayson is with him. Everything should be fine. 
As such, Sasha believed him completely. 
“Then did he tell you about his plan? What is he going to do next?” 
“Plan?” 
Edmund was struck dumb by the question. 
She’s more difficult to handle compared to Sabrina. 
Sebastian chose his words cautiously. “Yes. But he doesn’t want you to get involved too much. The only thing he wants you to do is to get in touch with the Leonard family as soon as possible. We’re running out of time to save Grandpa.” 
“Is that so? Then I’ll get to it right away!” 
At that, Sasha instantly lost all doubts. She became motivated as she felt needed by Sebastian. 
This is a mission given to me by Hubby. I will try my very best.
She figured she should contribute since she was a member of the Jadesons after all. 
Thus, she turned and went back inside the temple. 
Edmund breathed a sigh of relief and followed her. 
“So, have they replied after you contacted them yesterday?” 
“Yes. Unfortunately, your communicator is too small, so I couldn’t discuss the details with him. It would be better if we had a computer.” 
Sasha walked with a fast pace. 
A computer? Will an old temple have such thing? 
Edmund seriously doubted it. 
Yet, to their surprise, after they inquired the old monk about it, the latter said there was one in the accounting room. 
“Please don’t underestimate this temple. We know how to keep up with the times too. But currently, we don’t have internet, so the computer is only used for accounting purposes,” the old monk explained regretfully. 
Sasha and Edmund were rendered speechless. 
I almost forgot. We can’t even use our phones here. How could there be internet in this temple? All signals are most probably blocked! 
Sasha was beyond disappointed by that.
Just then, Edmund cast a sudden glance at his watch. After pondering for a while, he dismantled the watch and took out a tiny golden thing from it. 
“What’s that?” 
“Can’t you tell? It’s gold.” 
Edmund widened his eyes while staring at her. 
Sasha did not how to react to that. 
What is he going to do with it? Isn’t the watch useless without this golden dial plate? 
Sasha furrowed her brows, casting him a confused look. 
She watched as he took out a cooking pot from the kitchen a moment later. Then, he modified the pot and turned it into something resembling a dish antenna. 
The piece of gold was placed right in the center of the pot. 
“Wait here. I’ll find a high-up place to put this communicator. I’m sure I can find a signal somewhere around here.” 
Upon saying that, Edmund walked out with the pot. 
Thus, Sasha and Sabrina waited patiently in front of the computer. 
Nothing happened after they waited for around half an hour. Sasha ran out of patience as she clicked at the toolbar on the computer screen. To her surprise, she noticed an unknown wireless connection signal had appeared. 
“Got it! Sab, please go and tell him we’ve got the signal.”
“Okay.” 
Sabrina was also beyond delighted as she ran out with her baby in her arms. 
That was how they used the most primitive method and successfully connected with the outside world.
###Chapter 1217
Chapter 1217
Chapter 1217 A Rebound 
However, that very night, Edmund and Sabrina were trying to keep the dish antenna they made out of sight. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was trying to establish contact with the outside world in the temple’s accounting room using an outdated computer. Through the windows, she could vaguely see the monks’ grey robes undulating with the night breeze. 
Nancy: Mr. Leonard, I’m online. May I know if you’ve considered the matter that I talked to you about in the day? 
Raymond: Ms. Nancy, may I know what caused you to make such a request? You have to understand that this is a tough decision to make for the Leonard family. 
It’d been years since they’d last touched base. The last time they met was when Sebastian barged into Raymond’s manor and forcibly took her away. 
For him to reply to her messages after that incident was a clear display of his gentlemanliness. 
Sasha’s fingers flew across the keys when she saw the response. Nancy: My apologies, Mr. Leonard. My family really did run into some unfortunate events, and I desperately need your help. My grandpa is on the verge of being executed. 
Raymond: Executed? 
He couldn’t believe his eyes. 
Sasha then talked him through what happened at home before continuing her pleas for help.
Nancy: Mr. Leonard, I heard that my grandpa once saved yours back in Smallpoint. Considering that, do you think you could help him out? 
Raymond hesitated. 
Nancy: In return for your family’s help, I’ll do anything for you. Anything. 
Raymond: Really? 
His response to that last message was nearly instantaneous. 
Upon seeing that, she was sure that he would accept her offer and let out a sigh of relief. 
Raymond was a person who was all about gains and losses. If he rejected one’s offer, it simply meant that the offer wasn’t good enough. His instant reaction to her proposal implied that he was interested. 
Raymond: Nancy, it’s not that I don’t want to help you, but the Leonard family isn’t royalty anymore. I’ll need an opportunity to get into the palace and implore for mercy for your grandpa. 
Nancy: And what can I do to help create that opportunity? 
Raymond: Odele is going to offer new shares on the market these few days. If you could buy them at the lowest price before it’s publicly offered, then I’ll be able to present them to the royals as a gift and start the ball rolling. 
Sasha was taken aback by the man’s audacious request. She never expected him to go that far. 
Odele? Isn’t that Yartran’s famous e-commerce platform? If one could get their hands on the shares before Odele opens it up to the public, one’s fortune would multiply by manifolds once the share value skyrockets after it’s put up on the market. He’s indeed clever. I get to do the dirty job—buying the shares at a low price, and he gets to gift them to the royals.
Sasha saw through his trick, but she didn’t reject him. Instead, she quickly got back on her computer. 
Nancy: Sure thing. How much would you like me to get? 
Raymond: As much as my entire fortune can afford. 
Their exchange went on and on till the wee hours of the night. 
Edmund and Sabrina didn’t ask Sasha anything. That night, in order to protect the dish antenna, Edmund slept outside. 
Meanwhile in a hospital ward in Jadeborough, while they were racing with time to get the deal done, Sebastian recovered from his fever and finally woke up at dawn. 
“Good morning.” 
Grayson, who had been by his bed the whole night, was immensely relieved. 
Sebastian smacked his chapped lips. “Wh-What time is it?” 
“Not very late. You’ve only slept for a night. How are you feeling now? Any more adverse reactions? Let me know if you’re still feeling uncomfortable.” 
The swollen wound behind Sebastian’s ear was popping red. Grayson was still worried and kept reminding Sebastian to get him anytime he felt unusual discomfort. 
Sebastian closed his eyes. 
Honestly, he wasn’t feeling great. His head was filled with pulsating pain, causing him to feel nauseous. 
Yet, he shook his head sluggishly. ”I’m all right. Can I contact him now?”
“Certainly. I’ve operated on them before, and based on those experiences, you should be able to contact them within a few hours of implanting it. You can try now.” 
“Okay.” 
Still lying feebly on his bed, Sebastian brought his finger to the back of his ear and pressed the swollen bump. Right after that, he heard something like the crackling of static in his ear. 
“Hello? Sebastian?” 
A familiar voice came from the other end of the line. 
That particular hello caused his eyes to brim with tears. Who knew a hardy man like him would have a moment so vulnerable? 
Well, they were practically brothers after all. 
They’d known each other since childhood, so Sebastian knew Devin like the back of his palm. 
“Hello? Anybody home? Is the radio causing you too much discomfort? If yes, then ask Grayson to take it out. We’ll find another way. Your health should always be the utmost priority.”
###Chapter 1218
Chapter 1218
Chapter 1218 The Last One Laughing 
Devin could sense emotions brewing from Sebastians end. 
There was a long pause before Sebastian assured him of his condition. “Everything’s good. Where are you?” 
It was amazing how he managed to keep his bubbling emotions in check. 
Devin’s tension finally loosened up. “I’m in Sumanthova. I’ve made some arrangements with my men, and I’m currently trying to contact them. Remember that you got Grayson to inform me that you’ll tell me the next move after I get in touch with the men? Now that things are in place, what’s your plan?” 
“Could you get ahold of the foreign special agents that you’ve worked with before?” Sebastian blurted out of the blue. 
“Yeah. Shouldn’t be a problem, but why?” 
“We need to blow this thing up and make it known to all military big shots around the world. The reason behind Louis’ fearlessness is the connections he has among his allies. He doesn’t think we’ll be able to spread his wretchedness across the globe.” 
“And?” 
“That’s why I want you to get those special forces to stealthily slip those scandalous data into their offices. Louis is a clever old man, but he would never expect that his criminal acts would very soon be exposed. Not by the Jadesons, but by the global militaries!” 
The excruciating pain Sebastian bore was so intense that his face turned clammy.
However, he was beaming when he talked about how Louis was going to go down. 
Devin tried to make sense out of his words. “Wait a minute. I don’t get it. What did you give me? Wasn’t it the video of their army trying to overthrow our government?” 
“Of course not! Who cares about such trivial matters? Let me tell you what I’m trying to do here. To get the other countries involved in this, we have to first make them feel threatened. And what would do the trick? That old man’s illegal firearms production line, of course! Especially those nuclear wave plants he built.” Sebastian let out a sly chuckle. “Long story short, once everyone knows about his production line, there’s no way they are going to let”—cough, cough—”him live.” 
Sebastian started coughing stridently after giving Devin the bigger picture. 
Devin was speechless and didn’t feel like caring for the sick man anymore. 
Sebastian’s words were so impactful on him that his violently surging thoughts couldn’t calm at all. 
He almost forgot the fact that Sebastian was a soldier, and the way his brain worked was different from the average person. 
He had to. Not only did people like him have to protect their country, but they also had to be on high alert. Fear of being overtaken by their enemies, especially when it came to firearms, was perpetual. 
In other words, if the big boys out there knew that Eddie had already built two massive nuclear wave plants right under their noses and had even developed advanced weapons and explosives, they wouldn’t just sit back and do nothing. 
They would either make him hand over his achievements or destroy every single piece of his machinery!
The thing was, Eddie had regained his authority in the country. He was a powerful man with the latest weapon technology coupled with ever-emerging worries. 
What would he do next? 
Chills ran down Devin’s spine as he thought about how the whole world was going to be against Eddie. 
“I can never seem to fathom how your brain works,” was his last utterance on the radio. 
Grayson couldn’t hear their conversation. 
However, he did notice when Sebastian appeared like he was about to cough his lungs out. As blood spotted Sebastian’s lips, Grayson grew more concerned even as he was sure the other man was going mad. 
When Grayson was done with Sebastian and was about to leave the hospital, an extended wheelbase Rolls-Royce parked itself right in front of him at the entrance. 
“Grayson?” A silver-haired old man in a suit came down from the car and called out to him. 
“How can I help?” 
“Nothing. I’m just here to see how Jonathan’s grandson is doing. I heard that he had a fever last night and you’ve been here caring for him. What’s going on?” 
Louis was smiling, but his stare was as cold as ice. 
Grayson was stupefied. 
How does he know all this?
He quickly recollected himself and explained, “Self-inflicted injury. Inflammation was the cause of the high fever.” 
“Aren’t you the most caring person? Does a high fever require you to be with him the whole night?” 
Before Grayson could speak to his defense, Louis was already walking into the hospital. 
That very instance, Grayson’s composure broke. He hurried behind Louis and started throwing questions. “Where are you headed? What are you gonna do to him this time? Louis, he’s already out of his mind. Can’t you just let him go?” 
“Let him go?” Eddie shot Grayson a sidelong glance. “Grayson, you’ve misunderstood me. I brought people here to help him, not to hurt him. He’s been here for days, and if his condition doesn’t improve, I’ll suspect that it’s all an act. 
Blood drained from Grayson’s face at those words.
###Chapter 1219
Chapter 1219
Chapter 1219 Those Hidden Secrets 
Seeing that Louis was about to bring his men in, Grayson was fully panicking when suddenly, someone arrived at the hospital doors. 
“Greetings, Mr. Wallen. Is that other young man still here?” 
A man dressed in grey monk robes bowed with prayer beads in hand. Despite his calm, pristine appearance, his voice was surprisingly loud. 
It was the old monk. 
Grayson paused in surprise. “Yes, he’s still in there. What are you doing here, Master?” 
The old monk smiled and took out a small bag of clothes from his own bag. 
“Mrs. Hayes asked me to bring a change of clothes down here. She’s very concerned about her husband, so please pass this over to him.” 
“Sorry?” 
Grayson looked at the bag of clothes, completely taken aback. 
What century is this? Do people really need to send clothes to each other? 
Besides, in this hospital, all the patients wore hospital gowns at all times. There was no need for them to change. 
Still, Grayson took the bag from him, albeit hesitantly. 
“Mr. Limmer.”
Right after Grayson took the clothes, the old monk spoke again. Only this time, he was referring to Louis. 
Grayson widened his eyes yet again. 
Louis just stood there, glaring at the monk. 
“Mr. Limmer, based on what you said before, you want to send that young man back up the mountain as soon as possible, right? What about you just pass him over to me now to save you the trouble? I can bring him back to the temple.” 
The entire hospital lobby was completely silent. 
Ever since Louis had come back into power, no one had dared to be so defiant in front of him, much less bargain with him. 
Grayson went pale and clutched the bag even tighter. 
He was still surprised by the fact that Louis hadn’t reacted even though he seemed extremely agitated. 
“Just mind your own business. This has nothing to do with you.” 
“That’s where you’re wrong, Mr. Limmer. Since I was the one who brought him down the mountain, I’m responsible for anything that might happen to him. Otherwise, I don’t know what to tell his wife when I get back.” 
“You—” 
“Also, I remember what you promised me back then. You ordered Mr. Jadeson be brought down yesterday, and today it seems like you’re trying to take Mr. Hayes away. Are you trying to go against your word, Mr. Limmer?”
The old monk had been saying all of this with a calm, pleasant expression right until the last sentence, whereupon his gaze sharpened. 
Grayson was in awe. 
Who exactly is this old monk? Doesn’t he know who Louis is? How dare he speak to him that way? Isn’t he afraid that he’ll get a bullet through the skull? 
Grayson looked at Louis fearfully. 
As expected, the minute Louis heard those words, he immediately started glaring even more fiercely at the monk. His eyes were practically red with anger, as if he wanted to kill this monk right on the spot. 
Despite that, he still didn’t take any action. 
“We’re leaving!” he spat out through gritted teeth. 
As quickly as they had come, Louis and his subordinates all left. 
Grayson was stunned silent. 
He stood there in pure shock for what felt like half a minute before finally glancing at the monk again. 
The monk was already back to his pleasant, neutral self, completely different from his commanding presence just a moment ago. 
“Thank you, Mr. Wallen. I won’t be bothering you anymore,” the monk said and walked away. 
What the hell? 
Grayson looked at the monk’s retreating figure and zoned out for another long minute.
He would dare say that he knew Louis rather well at this point. After all, they were once comrades and were both from the same generation, even if they weren’t very close. 
He knew what kind of people Louis had around him and also knew exactly what his family was like. 
That’s why he really couldn’t remember if a man like that had anyone to fear. Grayson even started to wonder if he had gone insane. Right before Louis turned to leave, was that fear I saw on his face? 
It was as if a furious lion who wanted nothing more than to gobble up the person in front of him was forced to turn and walk away. 
It was the strangest sight Grayson had ever beheld. 
Who exactly is that old monk? 
Grayson was confused for a long time after that. 
Back on the mountain, Sasha was just as confused. She had woken up to realize that it looked as if someone had rummaged through their closet, and after looking through it carefully, she noticed that some articles of Sebastian’s clothing had gone missing. 
What’s going on? 
Her eyes narrowed in confusion. 
After just a minute or two, she saw the old monk walking in from the temple doors. 
“Master, did you go out this morning?” 
“Yes, I did. Is something wrong, Mrs. Hayes?” the old monk asked, still his peaceful and neutral self.
Sasha quickly shook her head. “No, nothing’s wrong. I just wanted to know if you happened to hear any news of my grandpa when you went down the mountain.” 
She was too embarrassed to interrogate him about the clothes, so she just asked about Jonathan. 
After the stock market opened that morning, she bought all the stocks Raymond wanted at a low price as promised. Now, she wanted to know if he had kept his end of the deal. 
Luckily, the old monk smiled brightly at the sound of her question. 
“Yes! It’s good news. He was supposed to be sentenced to death today, but it didn’t happen. I heard it was postponed.” 
“Really?” 
Sasha was overjoyed at that news.
###Chapter 1220
Chapter 1220
Chapter 1220 That Man Needs A Beating 
Getting his death sentence postponed was already great news. 
As long as he was alive, it meant that they still had a chance to save him. Sebastian was already off the mountain. He would definitely find a way to save Jonathan. 
Sasha was elated after having gotten rid of a huge weight on her shoulders, so she immediately went to find Devin and Sabrina. 
However, the minute she reached the kitchen, she caught sight of a man coddling a baby as he made noises to keep the baby happy. 
Despite being busy with the baby, his gaze constantly drifted to the woman by the well. 
His gaze was like the water in the well next to them: gentle and swayed by the breeze, his admiration as clear as day. He was looking at her as if she were the only person that existed in his world. 
Sasha’s expression changed. 
“Sab, what are you up to? Preparing food?” she called out as she walked over. 
As she expected, the man immediately looked away from the other woman at the sound of Sasha’s voice. He continued doting on the baby with the same playful face and gestures, as if nothing had ever happened. 
Sabrina, obviously, hadn’t caught onto anything. 
She looked up from the well with a basket of freshly washed vegetables in hand. “What do you think? Aren’t you hungry?”
“Of course I am! Let me help you.” 
Sasha took the basket from Sabrina and beckoned for the man sitting with the baby to come over. 
“Devin, bring the baby along. It’s really windy, so be careful that she doesn’t get a cold.” 
“Got it.” 
Edmund carried the baby with him as he walked toward the two women. 
Jaena was giggling happily. 
The three of them walked into the kitchen, and Sasha helped them prepare food as if she hadn’t seen anything. However, when she was hovering over the soup, she added a little bit of cooking wine and a little bit of honey. 
“What did you put inside?” Sabrina asked as she cut some vegetables. 
“Just some wine to clear up the taste. By the way, don’t feed this to Jaena. In fact, you’ve had a stuffy nose for the last few days, so you’d better not drink this too,” Sasha explained calmly. 
“Okay.” 
Sabrina agreed easily enough, her nasally voice betraying her symptoms. 
Half an hour later, they finally finished cooking and setting the table. 
Edmund loved the kind of soup they made and also the number of ingredients they had added. After all, he had grown up around luscious meals and a full table of food. How could he bear to live on mere scraps now? 
That’s why he started gobbling down bowls of soup right after sitting down at the table.
However, after a while, his stomach started to grumble. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Sabrina turned to glare at Edmund as she carefully spooned some mushed-up food into Jaena’s mouth. 
Edmund smiled awkwardly. “I-I’m sorry, I need to u-use the restroom.” 
He tossed his cutlery down before speeding off to the restroom. 
Sabrina looked at his rapidly retreating figure in disgust. 
“What kind of person goes to the bathroom while eating? Has his family never taught him how impolite that was?” 
“Enough, Sab. It’s human to use the restroom, isn’t it? Eat before the food gets cold.” 
Sasha placed a slice of freshly cooked meat onto Sabrina’s plate. 
They thought he would be back in a jiffy, but Sabrina realized how he had gotten up and gone to the bathroom several times throughout their whole meal. 
Even Sasha and Sabrina had lost their appetite at this point. 
Considering he had helped her out before, Sabrina managed to patiently ask him after he returned from the bathroom once again, “What happened to you? Did you eat something off?” 
Edmund was clearly already worn out by his constant back-and-forth, but his eyes lit up again at the sound of Sabrina’s concern.
“Probably. My stomach keeps hurting, but I barely ate much. What happened?” 
He looked at her with surprisingly innocent puppy-dog eyes. 
Sabrina was speechless. 
She hadn’t even thought of what to say in response when Sasha slammed her cutlery down commandingly. 
“Since you’re not feeling well, I should help you take a look. Let’s go to my room. I’ll give you a quick check-up.” 
“O-okay.” 
Edmund looked at the young woman who had stood up so suddenly and felt a chill run down his spine. He didn’t even think of saying no, knowing that she probably had something up her sleeve. 
Ten minutes later, Sasha was calmly sticking a needle into Edmund’s arm as she said, “You probably got a stomach bug or something. It’s nothing serious, but just to prevent you from spreading it to the baby, we should switch rooms for the night.” 
“Huh?” 
Edmund immediately looked hesitant. 
“Is it that serious?” 
“Of course! Jaena’s still so young. If we don’t take all necessary precautions, the baby will get sick. We aren’t exactly fully equipped up here in the mountains, so what will we do if she does get sick? It’s not like we can reach the hospital in time.” 
Edmund finally fell silent and just sighed heavily in defeat.
###Chapter 1221
Chapter 1221
Chapter 1221 Coming 
Sasha didn’t pay him any mind. After she stopped his stomach issues through acupuncture, she sent him to go to the temple’s apothecary to get some medicine. 
That night, Sabrina scurried over to Sasha’s room with the baby in hand. She seemed as if she was overjoyed at the chance to sleep apart from that man. 
Sasha took care of both mother and daughter, and they slept peacefully throughout the night. 
They thought they would have a calm couple of days, but they were faced with bad news the very next morning. 
“Master! Things are going badly below the mountain. We got wind of Louis’ crimes being released to the public. Now, several other countries are attacking us for it.” 
“Attacking our country?” 
The old monk, who had woken up early to prepare for his prayers, was mildly confused at his apprentice’s news. 
His apprentice nodded confidently. “Yes. All the news outlets below the mountain are reporting on it, and a lot of country leaders are confronting our country and asking us about what Louis has done.” 
“So what do they want exactly?” 
“T-they said our country’s leaders were secretly building illegal firearms factories and producing illegal military goods. They were angry that all the weapons and explosives made there were nuclear weapons that other countries haven’t had access to,” the apprentice said, explaining everything he had heard from below the mountain.
The old monk fell silent after hearing that. 
He had known Sebastian already had a plan brewing when he pretended to be sick and went down the mountain, but he hadn’t imagined that it would be this crazy of a plan. 
“Master?” 
“I got it. Go and inform Mrs. Hayes and the others. Tell them I have something to ask them,” the old monk finally said mildly. 
About ten minutes or so later, Sasha, Edmund and Sabrina walked over with the baby in tow. 
“Is something wrong, Master?” 
“Yes. Not long ago, I bumped into some trouble in the temple and wanted to ask for your help. Would you be so kind?” the old monk asked with his ever-pleasant smile as he sat down. 
That was an unnecessary question. 
Sasha nodded without even thinking about it. “Of course, Master. What is it?” 
The old monk chuckled and looked at the apprentice next to him. “Don, bring these three over. Remember to tell them what to do.” 
“Yes, Master,” Don said as he bowed politely. 
Soon enough, he escorted Sasha and the others toward the mountain peak. 
Where are we going? Sasha wondered. 
Since even she was confused, Sabrina and Edmund were even more so.
They finally reached a deep canyon and spotted a rather simple courtyard attached to a small hut. 
“What’s this?” 
“This is where Master meditates. He’s mentioned that he wanted to come by and meditate in a few days, so we have to trouble you to help clean this place up a little. We truly aren’t free to do so right now,” Don explained. 
Sabrina finally knew what was going on. She walked over with the baby in her arms, and Edmund followed right behind. 
Sasha, however, studied the small yard and frowned slightly. “This yard seems pretty unused. There’s such thick dust on the fence and around the yard. Are you sure your master said he wanted to come here for meditation?” 
“Yes, Mrs. Hayes.” 
Don had already opened the gate to the yard, but at the sound of Sasha’s suspicions, he gave her yet another firm answer. 
Sabrina didn’t really think too much and entered with the baby. 
Edmund was also about to step in. 
Suddenly, Sasha looked down at the threshold she was about to walk over. 
“What’s this?” 
Clang!
At the same time as Sasha noticed something off, a loud clanging noise of metal against metal rang out. A bronze quickly rose from beneath her feet. Before they could even blink, the old monk’s apprentice had already pushed all of them over the threshold. 
If Sabrina hadn’t caught her in time, Sasha would have collapsed face-first on the ground. 
“Please don’t worry and just stay where you are! No one will be able to find you there. The minute things become peaceful again out here, you will be released,” Don said as the bronze doors started closing. 
Sasha finally understood what was going on. She no longer cared about the intense shaking from the floor under her feet and started rapidly bashing the door with her palms. 
“Let me go! What is the old monk planning to do? What do you mean by ‘peaceful?’ What does he have to do with all of this? Let us go right now!” 
She screamed until her throat went hoarse and her palms became red from slamming them against the doors. 
When Edmund and Sabrina realized what she was doing, they rushed over and began screaming and hitting the doors as well. 
However, they couldn’t hear anything from the outside anymore. All they could see were the bronze doors that were slowly rising higher and higher. 
Soon enough, they realized that the doors weren’t rising higher but that they were the ones sinking below the ground. The place they were standing on turned out to be a platform of sorts that had been hidden inside the small hut all along. 
Soon enough, there was nothing except for an empty yard in that canyon.
###Chapter 1222
Chapter 1222
Chapter 1222 Secret 
When Sasha finally came to, her surroundings had already gone quiet. 
“She’s awake! Quick, help her up and pour her some water,” a familiar female voice said worriedly. 
Almost immediately, someone helped her up and held a cup of something warm to her mouth. 
Sasha was as exhausted as if she had been run over by a truck. Her throat and mouth were also drier than a desert, so she began taking huge gulps from the cup in front of her. 
After she finished drinking the water, she finally began to look at her surroundings. 
“W-what’s this?” 
“You fainted. When we came down, Ed-he was focused on helping me and Jaena, and he forgot to watch you, so you bumped your head pretty hard against the wall. Are you feeling a bit better now?” 
Sabrina was standing in front of her and was looking at her worriedly. 
Sasha finally came back to her senses. 
After shaking her head lightly to clear it, she looked around her dim surroundings. 
As she looked around, she slowly felt more and more surprised. 
Once she got used to the dim lighting, she noticed how huge this place was. They were in a huge cave that seemed completely well-equipped with everything they could have needed. Even the water that Sasha had just drunk came from a steaming kettle on a table not far off. 
What’s going on?
Stunned, she asked, “Where is this? Why does it look like someone’s house?” 
Edmund nodded. “Someone probably has lived here before, but it seems as if they haven’t been here for a long time.” 
He pointed at the dusty furniture placed not far away. On the plain wooden bed, Jaena was fast asleep with a nightstand next to her. 
Sasha looked at the lamp closely and was surprised yet again. 
It was an electric lamp, not a gas or oil lamp like she expected. 
She searched around the cave, trying to see if there was somewhere they could escape from. 
“Sasha, why did that monk throw us in here? Also, when you asked him to open the door, did you already know what was going on?” 
“Yes,” Sasha murmured in response as she wandered through the cave. 
Sabrina immediately asked urgently, “Then what’s going on? Please tell me. Did something happen out there?” 
Sabrina was usually slow on the uptake, but even she had finally realized something was up. 
Sasha told her as simply as possible, “Something probably did happen. Your brother’s plan has already been put into action. That old monk was probably afraid that Louis’ subordinates would come after us, so he sent us down here to keep us safe.” 
“What?” Sabrina asked, her face pale. “Since we’ve been hidden away here, is something going to happen to the old monk? Louis isn’t the nicest person. He’s going to do something to them, isn’t he?
Also, if it’s already dangerous in a place like that, isn’t it worse for my brother? He’s completely alone now. If Louis goes insane and decides to hunt him down, what’s going to happen then?” 
“That’s why we have to find an exit as soon as possible so we can escape, all right?” 
Sasha was getting fed up and quickly chased Sabrina away to look for an escape route. 
Sabrina fell silent, clearly annoyed as well, but Edmund walked over and immediately pulled her away. 
“Let’s not talk to her for now. She’s probably more worried than anyone about your brother. Let’s find an exit so we can leave as soon as possible.” 
“I wasn’t trying to worry her,” Sabrina said with a pout before going with Edmund to look for an exit. 
Their main priority was definitely to escape. Hiding here was their safest bet, but what would happen to the people outside trying to protect them? 
The old monk, the whole temple, as well as Sebastian. 
No one dared to think about the others and merely focused on finding even the smallest crack that they could escape from. 
However, there was a thin corridor further into the cave that opened up into an even bigger cave. 
“What is this place?” Sabrina marveled. 
They weren’t just amazed at the sheer size of the cave, but also the rows and rows of metal shelves that had wooden boxes piled on each one. 
What’s that? Sabrina’s curiosity got the better of her and she scurried toward the boxes.
Their noses were assaulted with a damp, rotting smell the moment they opened one of the boxes. Lying in the box right was some tattered, completely rotten clothes. 
“W-why are there clothes here?” 
Sabrina pinched her nose in disgust as she glared at the tattered pieces of clothing. 
Sasha didn’t really mind and walked over, poking at them gingerly. “This looks like…”
###Chapter 1223
Chapter 1223
Chapter 1223 Does This Woman Not Fear Death 
“It’s military clothing.” Edmund finally recognized what they were. 
The tattered clothes were once a military uniform. 
It didn’t seem like modern military uniforms, however. It wasn’t army green and wasn’t of the same good quality as modern uniforms. It even felt much coarser than any other form of clothing. 
The strangest part was probably the lack of any insignia on the uniform. 
The only way one could recognize it as a uniform was from the bronze rivet spikes at the collar. 
“These look like the uniforms that the army used to wear back at the very beginning of our country.” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s head shot up to look at Edmund. 
“Is it really that old?” 
“Yes. I can actually tell from the fabric that it was made during that time. I wonder why something like that is down here, though. Let’s check if there’s anything else.” 
Edmund turned to look through the other boxes with a frown. 
They discovered a bunch of other things in the other boxes. Edmund opened one box to see an old rifle while a few telegraphs were in another. 
Telegraphs? 
“Could this have been an army outpost back then?”
“Possibly,” Edmund replied after taking an even closer look at the telegraphs. 
Apart from her initial shock, Sasha frowned in confusion as well. 
If this temple was built over an old army outpost, then who exactly is the old monk? Have our guesses been wrong from the very start? 
If we were wrong, then why is he helping us so fervently? Sasha wondered. 
This time, he couldn’t even ensure his own safety. Why did he bother to protect Sasha and the others when he could barely protect himself? 
Sasha was beginning to feel completely out of her depth. 
She continued rummaging around the shelves, trying to find more clues. 
However, she was soon disappointed by the lack of evidence. There was nothing else in the other wooden boxes apart from a rusty key. 
“What would this key be for?” she murmured as she took it out. 
Sabrina shook her head, just as confused as Sasha was. 
Edmund also came forward to look at it closely, but rather than shaking his head as well, he studied it carefully before beginning to look around the cave once more. 
“Did you find something?” Sasha asked. 
Edmund just frowned. “I was just thinking about it. If this was an old outpost, then this place would have been the storeroom, and the cave behind us would have been the living quarters. There should be one more place, which would have been their war room.”
“Huh?” 
The two women were taken aback by Edmund’s sudden realization. 
Sasha was especially excited at his theory. 
He’s right! Where’s their war room? If we find that, there might be a map of this place in there. Once we find that, we might be able to leave! 
Sasha finally felt hopeful once again. The three of them began searching the cave even more thoroughly. 
After searching for quite a long while, they finally found a hidden entrance on the floor that looked like a modern manhole cover. 
“Sh*t! Could there be even more caves down there?” Sabrina swore at the sight of the well-hidden door. 
Sasha didn’t say anything, simply indicating for Edmund to open up the manhole cover. 
The minute he took a closer look, he realized that the rusty key was a perfect fit for the manhole cover. 
With a loud, rusty creak, the manhole cover slowly opened. 
The minute they lifted the manhole cover, all three of them immediately felt the freezing gust of wind that swept up from below. 
They shuddered at the frigid chill. 
“What could be down here? It’s so cold and dark,” Sabrina said with a tremor in her voice after peeking down the pitch-black tunnel.
Sasha looked up. 
“You don’t have to go down there. The baby is still sleeping in the next room, so someone needs to keep an eye on her. It’s also good to have someone up here to help us in case something happens,” Edmund quickly said. 
Sasha looked at him in mild disdain, but she held back the words that were on the tip of her tongue. 
After a few minutes, Sabrina agreed to stay above ground while Sasha and Edmund entered the manhole with a flashlight in hand. 
“Remember to use those metal sticks if you need help!” Sabrina called out after them. 
She was still uneasy about them going down into such unknown depths. 
Sasha didn’t answer. 
She was way too creeped out by the immense chills that ran through her bones the minute she entered. After climbing down as quickly as possible, the cold, dank air permeated through her thin clothes and caused her hairs to stand on end.
###Chapter 1224
Chapter 1224
Chapter 1224 The Stunning Truth 
“Is this some sort of ice cave or something? Why is it so cold?” Edmund couldn’t help but grumble as he shivered as well. 
The two of them made their way through the cave rather quickly with the help of the flashlight. 
They discovered that, contrary to the last two caves, this particular tunnel was much smaller. In fact, they were able to touch both sides of the tunnel walls just by stretching out their arms. 
The tunnel only began to open up the further Sasha and Edmund walked in. 
They eventually realized that the tunnel was completely empty, unlike the previous two, which had been filled with various items. 
“Could we have made a mistake?” Edmund asked, mildly disappointed at their lack of a discovery. 
Patiently, Sasha replied, “Let’s not give up so soon. We can still keep looking around.” 
She continued walking deeper into the tunnel with the help of the flashlight. 
They kept on walking until they reached what seemed to be the center of the tunnel they were in and bumped into something completely unimaginable—crystal clear blocks of ice. 
Is this all actual ice? Both of them wondered as they stared in awe. 
After a few seconds of marveling at the sight before them, Edmund finally walked forward to touch the transparent, crystal-like formations. 
It was, without a doubt, blocks after blocks of pure ice.
“It really is ice. Are they insane? Why did they even feel the need to have such a huge ice cellar? It’s not like Jadeborough is some tropical country. We have four seasons, so there was no need to store so much ice here. Did they think they’d suddenly start craving shaved ice in the middle of a war?” Edmund scoffed, his short temper rising to the surface. 
Sasha also felt extremely confused. 
Rather than ranting, however, she started walking toward the blocks of ice. She wanted to find out what exactly these blocks of ice were used for. 
All of a sudden, her footsteps froze, and she stopped moving. 
Edmund looked on in curiosity. “What is it? Did you find something?” 
He walked over as well. 
When he came next to Sasha, his eyes widened as well before he froze, not daring to move at all. 
“I-is that a dead body?” 
His skin started crawling and his voice was practically squeezed out of his throat in fear. 
A corpse was lying right in front of them. 
Rather than looking like an accident, however, the corpse was propped up neatly on the ice blocks, with both of its hands crossed before its chest serenely. 
In fact, instead of a corpse, it looked more like someone peacefully sleeping on the ice blocks. 
What’s going on? Are they trying to preserve whoever this was?
Sasha’s fear was drowned out by her curiosity. She immediately started climbing the ice blocks, trying to reach the corpse. 
Edmund was even more terrified as he watched her. “What’s wrong with you? That’s a corpse! Aren’t you scared?” 
“Shut up!” Sasha said through gritted teeth. 
Edmund obediently fell silent. 
At that moment, Sasha reached the corpse, and a loud, “Oh my God!” erupted from her mouth once she got a closer look. 
When Edmund heard her shout, he started mounting the ice blocks as well as he babbled, “What happened? Is something wrong? I told you not to go up there! You’re a woman, so surely you can’t stomach such a sight.” 
He was finally acting like a man and knew he needed to protect Sasha in case anything happened. 
He had only just reached the corpse when a closer look at its features nearly sent him rolling back down. 
“What the h*ll? Am I seeing things? What is that old bugger doing here?” 
A string of swear words came out of Edmund’s mouth. 
He was right to feel freaked out. After all, the corpse that was sitting in front of them looked exactly like the man who had the whole country in the palm of his hand— Louis Limmer! 
What is he doing here?
Edmund’s first instinct was that this corpse had on a mask, just like the one he had on right now. 
However, he soon denied his own assumptions. The mask required a certain level of body temperature to keep it stuck on, and such a cold, frozen corpse couldn’t possibly keep it on since the adhesive would have been rendered useless. 
That only meant one thing—this corpse’s face was real. 
“What the f*ck is this? What’s going on?” 
“Could this be the real Louis?” Sasha suddenly blurted out. 
She was holding back her own shock and surprise as she finally said that one simple sentence. 
Edmund stared on in shock. 
“W-what do you mean?” 
“Have you forgotten how much Louis fears the old monk? He’s already practically the most powerful man in our country, and yet he hasn’t laid a finger on the old monk. Why could that be?” 
The entire ice cellar fell into a dead silence.
###Chapter 1225
Chapter 1225
Chapter 1225 Twins 
It would be a shocking secret if it were true. 
Edmund stood on top of the ice, overwhelmed by surprise for a long while before he finally heard himself say, “If… If this is who I think it is, then who’s the person outside?” 
“I don’t know,” Sasha answered, an icy expression on her face. “However, when Sophie Jurding brought me to Golden Heights, I saw someone mentioned in the Limmer family’s introduction. He’s Louis Limmer’s younger brother.” 
“Younger brother?” 
Once again, Edmund was dumbstruck. 
“I’ve never heard of this person. Based on what I know about the Limmer family, other than Louis and his few nephews, no other Limmers have been mentioned. When did he have a brother?” 
“He did, but his brother had very little appearances, so they just skimmed past his details. Even his details at Golden Heights were written in just a brief sentence. It only talked about how his brother did not stay in the White House after the founding of the country. Instead, he had gone back to his hometown. That’s all,” Sasha said as she recalled the details she had seen at Golden Heights. 
Indeed, the younger brother of the founding father rarely appeared in the Limmer family’s history. Technically, as the founder of the new government back then, many of Louis’ family members would have delved into the same political scene like him. That was what happened to his nephews, for all of them had multiple battle achievements. 
Unfortunately, they all died on the battlefield.
On the other hand, this younger brother of Louis barely made a mark in the records. His name never appeared during those times of hardship, which was strange. 
Sasha crawled down from the side of the corpse before continuing to explore the icy cave with her torchlight, hoping to find more clues. 
“Huh? There’s a map here,” Edmund suddenly cried out. 
Hearing him, Sasha spun around. 
Indeed, it was behind the man. It had been concealed by the pieces of ice earlier, so they had not spotted it. Now that they had climbed up here, they could finally see that there was a map on the wall. 
Furthermore, they spotted a table that was flipped to its side right under the map. 
It seemed that something major must have happened here. 
Sasha promptly shone her torchlight on the map and said, “Look. Isn’t this map the map of our country?” 
“You’re right!” 
Edmund nodded in affirmation as he stood behind her. 
At that, joy and worry filled Sasha’s mind. 
She was delighted, as that meant that they could confirm this place was in fact, a war room. However, what made her worry was that the map they were looking at was a military map from the war period instead of a map that showed them where the exits of this place were. 
Sasha furrowed her brows.
Then, she lowered her head to look at the table. After brief contemplation, she motioned for Edmund to come over before they flipped the table upright. 
Thud! 
Something fell and shattered on the ground. 
For a second, Sasha froze. Then, she shone the torch in the direction of the noise only to find a pair of glasses on the ground. 
Beside it was a yellowed book. 
“What’s this?” 
Edmund continued to push the table to its upright position before walking over to pick it up. 
“The Theory of State Policies?” His eyes widened in disbelief. 
However, that was not the key point. What took him aback was the name on the long-lost book of military art—Eddie Limmer. 
Eddie Limmer? 
Edmund turned to look at the woman beside him. 
Being the smart woman that she was, Sasha quickly took the book from his hands and said, “Eddie Limmer? He must be Louis’ brother.” 
Edmund did not know what to say because, at that moment, the flame of fury was already burning in his chest.
“So he was here at that time. Has he been planning it for a long time? If this is an important spot, then Louis must have been here as well. The appearance of his brother’s book here is the proof of that.” 
“I’m afraid you’re right. Moreover, I think…” 
Sasha abruptly halted in her speech as she thought about the first cave she saw when she woke. 
“What’s the matter?” Edmund asked. 
Instead of answering him, Sasha suddenly started walking forward, which confused Edmund. 
What’s going on with this woman? Why is she being so mysterious? So what if she’s smart? How am I supposed to keep up with her pace if she doesn’t tell me anything? 
Doesn’t she know that she’s only irritating others if she keeps up with this kind of demeanor? 
Edmund was annoyed, but he still quietly followed her. 
About ten minutes later, the three were back at the cave at the start. Despite the dim lighting, Sasha began digging around the area. 
Both Sabrina and Edmund were flummoxed by her actions. 
“What is she looking for?” 
“Who knows?” 
Edmund did not even feel like answering Sabrina. He grabbed a chair and began playing with Jaena, who was now awake.
###Chapter 1226
Chapter 1226
Chapter 1226 Who The Old Monk Really Is 
Seeing that, Sabrina could only shoot Edmund a glare before helping Sasha search around. 
However, what she never expected was to find tons of random things in the room that they assumed was the old monk’s bedroom. 
Those random things included vintage lipsticks, perverted, narcissistic writings in relatively neat handwriting, and molding clothes in a wooden box. 
Those clothes were small, and they seemed like they were meant for children. 
However, there was something wrong with the box, for the moment they opened it, a wave of pungent scent struck them. 
“Is he some kind of lunatic? Did he shit in this box? What the f*ck?” 
Elegance was generally absent in Sabrina’s dictionary, so she instantly swore before slamming the box shut. 
Sasha, on the other hand, remained silent. She then turned around to another wardrobe, and after a while of scouring, she found what she wanted. 
I await the arrival of the ninth month, at which hour mine flower begins to bloom, and the others beginneth to wilt. Once its scent fills the land, a grand sight ’twill beest in its golden glory. 
It was a famous poem that talked about how the author would thrive when the others died. At that time, the author would be the only one to shine. 
It was a poem about aggression and ambition.
Sasha sneered before looking at the name under the poem—Eddie Limmer. 
It’s the same person. 
She continued searching through the room. Finally, she found several black and white photos in the drawer, where one of them was of two people with identical faces sitting together. 
Edmund had walked over at one point, and when he saw the photo in her hand, he exclaimed, “Holy sh*t! They’re twins!” 
Twins. 
Indeed, Louis and his brother were twins. 
However, in the picture, Eddie was not sitting beside his brother. Instead, his brother was carrying him. 
He was only around four feet—about the size of a child. Furthermore, it was clear in the photo that there was something amiss about his legs. Even when he sat on his brother’s lap, his legs were hanging limply at the sides. 
“It looks like this is the reason why,” Sasha said after looking at the photo. 
“He must have been born with congenital defects, that’s why he couldn’t help Louis during the establishment of the new government as well as why his name is missing in historical records.” 
“So, he has been staying here under the protection of his brother, right?” 
Edmund finally realized what the things they found meant. 
Sasha nodded. “That should be what happened. Look at this room and the book we found. From the things he wrote, we can see that he’s a brilliant man despite his physical disability. Therefore, I think it’s safe for us to assume that he did help Louis out by strategizing in this place.”
After mulling over the things she had found, she came to realize that that was the most plausible scenario. 
If Louis did not have a strategist, he would not have been able to set up a successful plan like that after his retirement. He had the Ten Medals and the power to control the White House from the shadows for decades. 
There were not many who could do that. 
Edmund fell silent. 
On the other hand, after Sabrina heard Sasha’s words, she asked, “I have a question. How did he recover from his physical disability, then? Doesn’t that old b*stard out there have two functioning legs?” 
Both Sasha and Edmund were silent for a moment. 
Between the three of them, Sabrina was indeed the best in cursing. 
“It’s been decades, and we’ve had many medical advancements since then. It’s not entirely impossible that his disability couldn’t be fixed. Anyway, let’s not talk about that anymore. There’s something else we should be prioritizing. If this is where that old man has lived before, he’ll eventually come here now that we’ve gone missing. Therefore, leaving this place should be our topmost priority,” Sasha pointed out. 
Her words snapped them back to their senses, and they quickly resumed their search for the exit. 
Their efforts, however, were to no avail as they could not find anything indicating an exit from the place. In the meantime, when Sasha returned to the cave again, she spotted a heavy machine gun. 
“This is…”
“D*mn! There’s nothing vintage about this machine gun. Look at its model and its caliber. Isn’t this… Isn’t this an AUK24? Oh my God!” 
Edmund’s eyes widened until they looked like they were going to pop out of their sockets as he rushed toward the machine gun before crouching down. 
AUK24? 
Sasha knew nothing about guns, nor had she heard about the gun model. However, the look on the man’s face told her that the gun was certainly not the same as the things behind her. 
It was very likely that it was a modern . 
Modern? 
Sasha narrowed her eyes. All of a sudden, she spotted a small box on the ground with a meter on it.
###Chapter 1227
Chapter 1227
Chapter 1227 Becoming A Saint 
“Stop!” 
The loud shout came from the man who had been admiring the gun a moment ago, and it made Sasha jump in fright. When she came back to her senses, she realized her hand, which had been reaching out for the box, was grabbed by him. 
What is he doing? 
“Don’t move. This is a bomb. What kind of place is this? Why is this here? Who is the old monk? Why would he put things like these here?” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s mind went blank. 
For a moment, she was confused; she did not know why he was mentioning the old monk and why he was asking those questions. Why is he so sure that the old monk is the one to put these things here? 
Sasha remained stupefied for a long while. 
Then, she slowly gathered her wits, and as she did that, the colors on her face gradually drained away. 
Right. Why didn’t I think about the old monk? 
Anyone with a brain would have think about him. 
She was avoiding it. From the moment she fell down, she was avoiding the topic. Perhaps it was because of the fear in her heart, or perhaps it was because she did not want to dwell on the thought that they were trapped.
Sasha’s hands began shaking. 
Edmund immediately noticed it, and he snapped his head upward. “What’s wrong? Are you scared? Don’t worry. This bomb won’t go off unless you touch it.” 
Sasha shut her eyes tightly. 
“Nothing. I’m just thinking if we should use this bomb to get out of here.” 
“What?” Edmund blurted out. 
Blow our way out of here? 
Has she gone mad? 
It seemed like that was the case. Right as she voiced the thought, she jumped to her feet and grabbed the box from the ground. 
Edmund blinked. 
“What the f*ck?” was all he could say before running toward the woman and the child like a madman to push them onto the ground. 
Boom! 
As expected, the thundering sound of an explosion echoed in the cave. 
After the rain of pebbles and the shaking of the ground, they saw the large hole on the wall once the dust settled. 
“Look! There’s a way out now!” Sabrina cried out as she tightened her grip on her crying daughter.
A hint of hope flickered past Edmund’s eyes as well. 
Right then, while they were still sprawled on the ground, the woman who had thrown the bomb had clambered to her feet and headed toward the hole. 
“Get back here, Sasha!” Sabrina called out when she saw Sasha running off. 
It was pointless shouting though, for it was as if Sasha was possessed. She paid no attention to the shattered rocks still falling from above as she disappeared behind the hole. 
This d*mned woman! 
Sabrina was livid, and she clambered to her feet with her daughter before they rushed after her. 
It was a sight that frightened the living daylights out of them. 
Nevertheless, they managed to crawl out of the cave. When they found their balance, they saw the billowing smoke coming out from the millennium-old temple. 
At the same time, they could hear the screams of the monks. 
That animal! 
Sasha’s eyes reddened as she continued running down the mountain. 
“Shin, I’m giving you one last chance! If you don’t hand your daughter-in-law over, I’ll kill all the monks in this temple so that you and your son will have some company in the afterlife!” came a booming voice that reverberated through the space, scaring the creatures of the forest away and making Sasha skid to a stop. 
Shin.
Her face paled further, and tears sprang to her eyes. 
She picked up her pace. She could not hear anything other than the wind that blew past her ears. There was only one thought left in her head—she could not let anything happen to that man. 
That night, Sebastian lay by her side, silent, but she noticed that he had been holding the medal against his chest, and he did not move the entire night. 
That was why she could not let anything happen to him. 
“Stop now, Eddie. God will never let a person whose hands are tainted with blood conquer the world. If you don’t want to be sent to hell, it’s high time for you to cease your murderous acts now,” said a familiar deep voice that came from the entrance of the temple. 
The old monk was completely fearless, and he was even trying to persuade the devil-like man to stop. 
Eddie let out a shrill laugh. “You’re talking about God with me? Shin, have you forgotten who you are? Or have you been living as a monk for far too long that you think that you’re now a saint? I hope you still remember that I was the one who made this arrangement for you!” he said, spitting out the last few words.
###Chapter 1228
Chapter 1228
Chapter 1228 The Secret Of Shin 
Those were startling words. 
The old monk turned out to be Shin Jadeson who had once been a commander and was supposed to be dead. When Sasha and Sebastian found out about the truth, they had been surprised. 
Now, Eddie was saying that he was the one who kept Shin in the temple. 
What’s going on? 
What other secrets does he have? How did he survive back then? 
All the screaming questions in Sasha’s head made her halt in her tracks. She wanted to hear what else that man would say. 
Then, she saw the face of the old monk in grey clothes turn ashen after Eddie’s speech. 
However, he soon recovered. 
“Regardless of who had arranged for me to stay here, you are now standing on the ground of a millennium-old temple, and you’re facing the statue of the god that has been worshipped for thousands of years. God will not let an executioner like you rule this world.” 
“Is that so? Why don’t I burn it down then?” 
No one expected that Eddie would be mad enough to say that. 
Meanwhile, Sasha’s heart leaped to her throat.
She had noticed that many were swarming toward the temple with guns and gasoline. It seemed like they were determined to raze the temple to the ground. 
However, an astonishing situation soon happened. 
Although many statues and altars were destroyed, other than the few monks that had been caught in the beginning, no one else was around after those people entered. 
When Eddie noticed this, a murderous look entered his eyes as his hand moved toward his gun. “Quite impressive to escape from right under my nose. Seems like I have underestimated you. Shin, have you planned this with your son all along?” 
From afar, Sasha blanched. 
Still remaining as calm as ever, the old monk who was once Shin said, “No. Until now, he still has no idea that I’m his dead father.” 
“Really?” Eddie questioned. 
Shin answered, “Yes. Shin is dead. He died thirty-two years ago, so there’s no point for us to reunite. Now, the one standing before of you is nothing but a pawn of yours.” 
“So you still remember that you’re my pawn?” 
“Of course. How could I not? This is your headquarters. If I don’t, you’d have been exposed to the world a long time ago,” Shin casually noted. 
By then, Sabrina and Edmund had caught up with Sasha, and they, too, were dumbfounded upon hearing Shin’s and Eddie’s words. 
“What does he mean? Does he mean that he’s in league with that old b*stard?” Sabrina gasped.
Edmund frowned. 
It seemed that there was no other explanation than what Sabrina had said. 
No wonder Sebastian couldn’t find these people’s base. It turns out that their headquarters is in this temple. It also makes sense now that the old monk could bring Sebastian here. 
He wasn’t getting out of danger back then. 
He was getting locked up in these people’s base. 
Cold sweat began soaking their backs, for they had been doing many secretive things in this temple back then. It was nothing short of a miracle that they had not been found out. 
“Well then, I’ll let you off the hook today. As long as you hand over that woman, I won’t lay a finger on you or the monks.” 
Eddie was backing down a little. As long as Shin handed Sasha over to him, he would let him and the other monks go. 
Sasha’s expression darkened. 
At the same time, Sabrina shot out a free arm to grab Sabrina’s and hissed, “You’re the one he wants. Let’s leave now.” 
Edmund agreed, “She’s right. He’s going to use you to blackmail Sebastian. We can’t let him get his way.” 
However, Sasha remained frozen in place.
“Didn’t I tell you that I don’t know where she is? She hasn’t been in the temple for a long while. Besides, since Sebastian’s waging this long, complex game with you, do you really think he won’t make some arrangements to keep his wife safe?” Shin responded. 
Right then, every individual by the temple entrance spotted the flicker of wrath in Eddie’s eyes. Without any hesitation, Eddie raised the gun that he had been fidgeting with and aimed it at Shin. 
“Master!” 
“Wait!” 
The few monks behind Shin cried out for him at the same time a woman’s voice rang out from outside. 
Everyone turned toward the voice, including Eddie and Shin. 
What they never expected was to see the woman they were looking for running toward them. 
“Why are you here? Who told you to come?” Shin growled. 
It was the first time he had ever been so furious toward Sasha. Even his mustache was trembling.
###Chapter 1229
Chapter 1229
Chapter 1229 Who Does She Look Like 
Sasha ran over and stood in front of Shin, protecting him. 
“I can’t just let you die. He hasn’t seen you yet. How am I going to explain to him if you’re gone?” 
Sweat had beaded on her pretty face that was coated with dust from the earlier explosion. 
However, her eyes were as bright as ever as she gazed at Shin, looking like burning flames in the dark. Her stubbornness and determination broke the old monk’s heart. 
“You…” 
Tears welled up in his eyes. 
By then, Sasha had already turned around to glare at Eddie. 
“I’m here now, so let all of them go!” She pointed at the monks around them before pointing at Sabrina and Edmund as well. 
Eddie lifted a brow. 
He had to admit that he was a little taken aback, for he did not think that Sasha would come to him on her own accord. 
It seems like that madman has an interesting taste in women. 
In the end, Eddie gestured for his men to let the monks go. 
“Very well, since you seem like a smart woman, I’ll let them go. Don’t worry. As long as your husband appears, I won’t hurt you either,” he said, surprisingly trying to console her with his words.
Sasha scoffed at that. Then, she took a step forward, about to leave with him. 
“No! You can’t take her. You can’t!” Sabrina exclaimed as she sprinted over to try and save Sasha. 
Unfortunately, she was completely powerless to do so. The moment she moved, dozens of guns were immediately trained on her, and Edmund hastily pulled her back with a trembling arm. 
Even Shin’s face had pale. 
In truth, he had always been a calm and collected man. Decades of being a monk had softened his rough edges. Although he had been forced to stay in the temple back then, time had managed to take away most of his earthly desires. 
That was why Sasha and Sebastian never saw him fazed by anything. 
However, at that very moment, the concrete he had encased his heart in was starting to crack. 
“Eddie, I’m warning you. Don’t you dare lay a finger on her. Take a look at her and think about who she looks like.” 
Eddie, who was about to step into his car, paused. He then turned to look at the old monk, who had an uncharacteristically grim expression on his face. 
What does he mean? 
At that thought, Eddie’s eyes drifted toward Sasha behind him. 
Similarly, the others at the temple held their breaths and looked at Sasha quizzically. 
What they saw was a woman coated from head to toe in dust, while her hair was in a mess despite it still being in a ponytail. In other words, Sasha looked as if she had just crawled out of a dumpster.
Yet, the longer Eddie looked at her, the more he realized how familiar she looked. Right then, the profile of someone’s face appeared in his mind. 
The mole by the corner of Sasha’s right eye, especially, was identical to that person. 
“She’s… She’s…” 
“That’s right. She’s Judith Silvester’s granddaughter. Back then, Judith and your brother took ten long and arduous years to establish the new government. Not only that, she even abandoned her young daughter and sacrificed herself for the country. Until now, her statue still stands proudly in the Legacy Hall. It’s best for you to think well whether or not to lay a finger on her granddaughter,” Shin gritted out. 
At that moment, it was as if he had returned to his former glory self as a formidable general on the battlefield. There was a fire blazing in his eyes, and he was as ferocious as a mighty beast. Anyone who chanced a glance at him would have shudders running down their spines. 
Eddie’s face lost all colors. 
Judith Silvester? 
The founding woman who’s as monumental and famous as my brother? 
No. This can’t be right. How can this girl be her granddaughter? Didn’t they say that Judith lost her kid during the revolution? 
How did this girl become her granddaughter? 
“No, you’re lying. There’s no way she’s Judith’s granddaughter! Back then, after my brother was done with establishing the country, he went on a search for Judith’s daughter. But, he never found her. So how can this girl be her granddaughter?”
Eddie refused to believe in anything Shin said. 
Shin sneered in response. “Why not? The first mission I got as the special forces’ commander was to search for the founding mother’s descendant. It took me three years to find her mother, Heather Blackwood.” 
“H-Heather Blackwood?” 
“Yes, she was taken in by the Blackwood family. Judith was forced to leave her daughter behind because the girl was suffering from a severe illness. Thus, her guard went to the Blackwood family with Heather. Back then, the Blackwood family was a family of doctors. Jackson’s father, in fact, had brilliant medical skills. Thus, Heather stayed with them,” Shin explained truthfully.
###Chapter 1230
Chapter 1230
Chapter 1230 Fate 
Indeed, that was the first mission he had received after becoming a high-ranking military officer. However, that was a top-secret mission, so he never told anyone about it. 
At the start, after finding Heather, he wanted to bring her home. 
However, by the time he found her, the political scene in the country was changing again. He then received orders from his higher-ups to keep Heather’s real identity a secret. 
That included not reporting back the status of the mission. 
In the end, the mission was put aside. 
As Shin was a busy man back then, who often headed overseas to deal with peacekeeping and anti- terrorism activities, he assigned someone he trusted in his team to protect Heather. 
That person was Rufus Wand. 
Hearing all this, Sasha was astounded. She never thought that her parents’ history would have such twists and turns. 
Judith Silvester? 
I’m the granddaughter of the famous founding mother? 
“Master, is… is everything you said true?” 
“Yes. You can even ask your father about it if you don’t believe me,” Shin said, his tone much softer when he spoke to her earlier.
Sasha opened her mouth, but no words came out from them. 
At that moment, she recalled that her mother did have poor health. After she was born, her mother had undergone all kinds of treatment. That was why when Sasha was eighteen—when the Wand family went bankrupt and her father was sent to jail—her mother passed away. 
At that memory, Sasha’s eyes reddened. 
“So what? Do you really think that I’d be scared just because she’s Judith’s granddaughter? I’ll let you know right now that I’m going to kill anyone who stands in my way! I don’t care if she’s Judith or even Louis! As long as they’re in my way, I’ll kill them all!” 
Like a madman, Eddie roared out those words before shoving Sasha into the car. 
Realizing what Eddie was doing, Shin finally lost his calm demeanor and made a mad dash toward him. Yet, at that moment, the familiar pain under his right lung flared again. 
Strength sapped, he could not even snatch a gun away from anyone before stumbling backward. 
“Shin!” 
“Master!” 
Sabrina, Edmund, and the other monks let out an alarmed cry as they rushed toward him. 
Right before he fell to the ground, they caught him. 
During those few seconds, Eddie had left the temple with Sasha. By the time they realized it, the car was long gone from their line of sight. 
At that, their eyes dimmed, losing all hope.
In the evening, when Sebastian brought his men to the temple, everything had returned to its peaceful state. 
Bathed in the light of the setting sun was the thousand-year temple. The monks had yet to clean up the mess, so when Sebastian arrived and stepped out of the car, he noticed right away that something was wrong. 
His eyes were bloodshot, and his handsome face was unshaven, making him look haggard and worn out. 
However, the first thing he did was to hoarsely question, “Was he already here? Where is he now?” 
Sabrina was still by the doorway of the temple. She looked at him with equally reddened eyes and choked out, “Why didn’t you come earlier? That b*stard has taken her. Chances are, he’s torturing her right now as we speak!” 
Sebastian froze. 
For a moment, all he could hear was a shrill, buzzing sound. Then, his already pale face turned completely colorless. 
He had made the decision. 
Back then, in an act of desperation, Eddie had tried to destroy the entire White House. He had somehow gotten his hands on nuclear bombs and planted them in the military base, planning to pin the blame on the country’s army after blowing up the place. 
Hence, Sebastian had chosen to deal with that first. 
He thought that he would make it by rushing to the temple after he was done.
In the end, it seemed that he had overestimated his capabilities, for he was only human. He had saved others, but in doing so, he failed to save the one he loved. 
“Sebastian? Sebastian!” 
“Sabrina, do you know what you’ve just said? How could you put all the blame on him like this? Don’t you know what he has been through these few days? Are you trying to kill him?” 
At one point in time, someone else drove over. When he saw Sabrina’s confrontation, he began berating her. 
Nevertheless, it was too late. 
Sebastian could no longer hear anything. His vision turned blurry and the world looked like it had lost all its luster. The words uttered by Sabrina had pierced through his chest and ripped out his beating heart. 
“Urk—” 
He coughed up a mouthful of blood before falling to the ground. 
Sebastian was no saint, nor was he a mastermind in the grand scheme of things. All he wanted was to spend a quiet life with his family. 
How did things turn out like this? 
Carrying Sebastian into the temple, Devin saw the blood that was trickling from the corner of the former’s lips. Unable to contain his emotions anymore, hot tears escaped his reddened eyes.f
###Chapter 1231
Chapter 1231
Chapter 1231 Father And Son 
When Sebastian woke up again, it was already the next morning. 
Morning in the mountains was a quiet one after peace returned. The bright sunlight shone into the woods, and the birds sang their merry songs again. Wildflowers dotted the land as its fragrance filled the air. It was as if nothing had happened the day before. 
Sebastian was in a daze. 
When he opened his eyes to see the wooden ceiling, he was lost in his thoughts. 
“You’re finally awake?” 
Someone entered the room. 
When that person saw that Sebastian was awake, he hurried toward the side of the bed. 
Sebastian slowly turned his gaze to the side. It was then that he saw a familiar face. 
“Devin?” 
“Mm.” 
Devin nodded before helping him up. 
Sebastian could feel his whole body aching. 
When he sat up, pain and discomfort flared throughout his body. His chest, especially, felt like there was a wide, gaping wound on it. 
He closed his eyes, his lips turning pale.
At that, Devin hurriedly filled a glass of warm water and handed it to him. 
They took a long time to stabilize Sebastian’s condition the night before, for he had been through inhumane torment in the psychiatric ward. 
Despite how Grayson had been protecting him, there were still things they had to go through and drugs he had to take. 
Therefore, Sebastian’s health had deteriorated before getting out of there, and what happened the day before did not help. 
Devin let out a sigh of relief when he saw some colors returning to Sebastian’s face after the drink. 
“Don’t worry, Sebastian. I’ve assigned some special forces elites to it. Silas has also put out a warrant, and the entire nation is out for this man. I’m sure we’ll find him soon,” he consoled. 
After a beat, Sebastian slowly nodded. 
“Okay. What about the others? Are they all okay?” 
“Huh?” 
Devin was gobsmacked, having not expected to hear Sebastian was concerned about others when he woke. 
Who are the others you’re talking about? 
Jonathan? 
A smile appeared on Devin’s face as he said, “They’re all fine. The officers have all been summoned back. Also, Grandpa is going to have a retrial.”
“There is new evidence?” Sebastian promptly asked. 
Devin nodded. “While we were fighting with Eddie, the officers had formed a group themselves and went to the place where the incident had happened back then. Then, after looking into it, they found the commander who had fought with Grandpa. He told them that he did collaborate with Grandpa, but their goal was to end the war earlier so that fewer people would die. Grandpa didn’t kill the troop. It was an avalanche that did it,” Devin told him. 
it was a pleasant surprise. 
No one thought that while the Jadeson brothers were fighting for the country, their old military subordinates were also searching for evidence to clear the Jadesons’ names. 
If they had not thought of Jonathan as the one true commander of the army, they would not have done this. 
A delighted smile emerged on Sebastian’s face. 
After a while of sitting in silence, Devin stood up. He had noticed the flash of grey monk clothes outside. 
“I’ll head out first. They’re still preparing your medication in the kitchen, so I’ll go there to take a look at it.” 
“All right.” 
Sebastian nodded. 
Not long after Devin left, an old monk with grey clothes entered with a pot of hot coffee.
The old monk was acting as if nothing had happened. After reaching Sebastian with the pot of coffee, he smiled and asked, “You’re awake. Would you like to have some hot brew? These beans were just harvested not long ago.” 
For a second, fury shot up from Sebastian’s chest to the top of his head. 
He could not comprehend how someone could be that heartless. Decades. It’s been decades. Has he never thought about how those people had struggled through life after thinking that he was dead? 
Sebastian balled his fists until his knuckles cracked. 
In the end, he decided to tamp down his anger and pulled the blanket away from him instead. 
A few minutes later, he sat cross-legged in front of the table as he stared at the old monk who was pouring coffee into his cup. 
“Here, drink it. It’ll make you feel better,” Shin said, gesturing to the cup. 
Sebastian fixed his cold eyes on the old monk for another second before lifting the cup and downing it in one gulp.
###Chapter 1232
Chapter 1232
Chapter 1232 The Angler And His Prey 
Shin lifted the coffee pot once more. 
“Aren’t you going to explain things to me?” Sebastian asked. 
Shin froze in thought. Several minutes later, he poured a clear, dark brew out of the dainty coffee pot. 
“What would you like to know about?” 
“Everything!” Sebastian gritted out, barely able to control his patience. 
He was understandably agitated. After all, he had been ecstatic to receive the medal and to learn that Shin was still alive. He had even held the medal to his chest through the night. 
The joy was, however, short-lived. Sebastian had been horrified to discover that Shin was involved in Eddie’s shady dealings. 
The highly-decorated Eddie had had a hand in smuggling firearms and establishing powerful, covert forces, with which he secretly controlled the White House for decades. 
Every one of his dirty deeds had Shin’s name on it. 
How could this be? Why couldn’t he be a hero who sacrificed himself for the good of his country? Why did he have to band up with some despicable traitor? Is that what truly makes him happy? 
Sebastian struggled to come to terms with the discovery. 
Shin took in his distraught expression and sighed deeply.
“All right, I’ll tell you everything. Where should I begin? Let’s start from the day I finally woke up; the day I realized I hadn’t died.” 
Waves of memories overwhelmed him. 
It was a momentous occasion, given that he had never spoken of these memories to anyone else beyond Eddie in the last thirty years. 
“Eddie Limmer was the first person I saw after I woke up. He still had both his legs then, and he was alone in my room. Eddie seemed excited that I was awake, and he said he was inching closer to his empire.” 
“His empire?” Sebastian asked warily. 
Shin nodded. “You heard me correctly. I only found out later on that there were many others like me who Eddie had taken under his wing, though we were more like fish he had caught.” 
The simile he drew was striking. 
Sebastian stopped in the middle of lifting his cup. He stared at the monk, sensing that something was not right. 
A fish? He’s comparing himself to a fish? What about his death? 
“I was an accident. Eddie did not want to offend the Jadesons since your grandfather, Jonathan, was still powerful back then. I myself was an influential figure in the military base, so I was left alone as well. Having Sean save me was nothing short of a coincidence.” 
“Sean Durant?” Shock flashed through Sebastian’s eyes.
If I remember correctly, when Janice was on the run, Jonathan brought up a fighter he respected greatly. That must have been Sean. But if that’s the case, why did Sean save him? 
“Yes, you’re right. Sean Durant of Xenhall saved my life. The Durant family was skilled in both combat and medical skills. He had been the one to amputate Eddie’s legs and give him a pair of prosthetics so that he could walk normally.” 
Sebastian fell into silence at his explanation. 
He suddenly recalled the terrifying woman who wielded a surgical blade as a weapon, to which even Karl admitted defeat. 
He asked, “So what you’re saying is that Eddie took you under his wing because of pure coincidence? Did he have Sean go around saving people so they could become his what, ‘fish’?” 
Shin elaborated, “More precisely, he would plan his victims’ downfalls and then ‘fish’ them out of their dire situations. Take Carlos, for example. At his prime, his status was no different than that of your grandfather’s. Eddie was behind Carlos and his troops’ crushing defeat at the Southern lines. He then swooped in to save Carlos by sparing him from a hearing at the military court. After that, Carlos was indebted to Eddie and became his pawn.” 
Everything was starting to make sense now. Eddie did not come from a military background and naturally knew little about military factories and the like. 
So, he started ‘fishing’ influential figures in the army to become his pawns, and it was an undeniably- shrewd way to strengthen his power. 
The epiphany knocked all the breath out of Sebastian. His hand, which held the cup, shook uncontrollably, making clattering noises on the table.
What a pair of scheming twins. Eddie offered strategies to Louis to help the people of this country, but at the same time, he also took the opportunity to satisfy his greed. 
Sebastian remained speechless for a long time. 
Eventually, the coffee pot cooled, and a younger monk came over with some freshly-boiled water, which Shin added to the cooling brew. 
The motion finally caught Sebastian’s attention, and he observed the steam rising from the coffee pot as he asked, “What about you? If you were never his target from the beginning, how did you end up as his pawn?” 
A wry smile appeared on Shin’s face. 
He lifted the coffee pot and ignored the tell-tale ache in his right chest. 
How did I become his pawn in the end? 
The answer was more simple than one would expect. A hunter would be foolish to release a valuable prey from his trap, even if it was never his target from the start. 
Seems like this chap before me has no idea of my reputation in the past!
###Chapter 1233
Chapter 1233
Chapter 1233 Dad 
Shin took a sip of coffee before launching into an explanation. 
“There are several reasons. For one, he threatened the safety of the Jadeson family. Apart from that, I was curious to see what he was up to and how strong his influence had become.” 
Sebastian could not help but sneer at his explanation. “So, do you know what he’s up to now?” 
The old monk nodded earnestly and replied, “Of course. Didn’t I send you the word of my discovery? Remember the Ten Medals?” 
Sebastian spat out a mouthful of his coffee, sputtering, “Y-You—” 
“Drink your coffee before it cools down,” came Shin’s calm reply. He immediately refilled Sebastian’s empty cup. 
Sebastian, on the other hand, was trembling. 
He struggled to come up with a response to Shin’s bombshell of a revelation. 
Back when Sebastian’s investigation led him to the Ten Medals, his instinct told him that someone was secretly furthering his cause. This hunch lasted throughout his investigation, from The Coffee Shop to Janice, and finally, Isaac. 
Every step of the way, more and more clues pointed toward a mysterious collaborator. 
Enraged, Sebastian instantly lost his appetite for the bitter drink. 
The sight of Sebastian’s sour mood had Shin lifting the coffee pot as a sort of peace offering. “Still, all of this is thanks to your efforts. Aquene Temple is Eddie’s base camp. If you dig underground, you’ll
find his secret supply of military equipment and explosives, as well as global surveillance networks. The only thing I could do was to send you a message. Frankly, I don’t know who else would’ve been able to connect the dots.” 
His flattery failed in wiping the cold smirk off of Sebastian’s face. “You’re still complimenting yourself, I see.” 
Shin stared at him wordlessly, prompting Sebastian to continue, “What? I’m right, aren’t I? I’m your flesh and blood, so calling me smart is a back-handed way of praising your intelligence, Commander Shin!” 
The conversation seemed to grind to a halt as Sebastian’s words brought tears to the old monk’s eyes. 
Shin lifted his head, and for a moment, he thought he could see a beautiful young lady running toward him pettily after he pissed her off. 
“Am I wrong? Fine, you’re the hero, you’re the commander. You’re always in the right, and your reasons are forever justified. There’s no need to stay here and accompany your wife. Are you happy now?” 
It was almost as if she was talking to him right then. 
Shin lowered his head quietly and drank his cold coffee. 
As he got up to leave, tears pricked the corners of his eyes, a rare sight over the past thirty years of his life. 
Shin did not tell his son that there was a third reason for his willingness to stay at Aquene Temple. He was content to remain in solitude for the rest of his life as a vigil to Frieda.
Later that evening, Sebastian had recovered some of his spirits and decided to take a walk around the temple grounds, accompanied by Devin. 
“Sebastian, I’ve got some news for you. According to one Master Reginald at this temple, Eddie was able to control Uncle Shin because he ordered Sean to remove two of his ribs. Uncle Shin couldn’t do any heavy lifting from then on, not even holding a gun. He also—” 
“What did you just say?” Sebastian’s head whipped around in shock. 
His face paled with horror, and Devin’s heart ached at Sebastian’s expression. 
He steeled himself and continued, “Yes. That’s what happened. Master Reginald also said that Uncle Shin only came to the temple about ten years ago; he had never seen him before then. Once Uncle Shin turned up, he had the monks dig at about seventeen spots across the mountain behind the temple.” 
Devin then produced an unassuming draft. 
Sebastian received the sheet and froze as he gradually recognized its contents. He was awestruck, his eyes darting wildly across the piece of paper. 
Devin had passed him a military map so brilliant that it made all the other maps Sebastian had seen previously look like child’s play in comparison. 
Each post had been strategically-placed for timely defense as well as efficient attacks. 
With something as simple as a rifle or a bomb, they could obliterate their enemies to shreds. 
Sebastian’s hands shook once more, though he felt more guilt than surprise at the painful truth.
I should’ve trusted him. After all, there was no way a two-time medal recipient of the United Nations would turn into a traitorous sc*mbag. 
A thought struck Sebastian then. Shin gave a medal to Rufus, and he left one behind, which was eventually recovered by men from SteelFort. Was this his way of telling them that he was still alive? 
Alas, even if it was a deliberate hint, Frederick had not been smart enough to figure it out. 
Sebastian spent another sleepless night that day. 
Shin visited Sebastian the next day. Upon observing the dark circles under Sebastian’s eyes, he sighed and said, “Are you still worried about the young woman? I’m sorry; that was all my fault.” 
Sebastian stared at him wordlessly, the silence stretching on for a while before he asked, “Do you know where he is? You don’t seem anxious at all.” 
Stunned, Shin replied, “I wouldn’t know. Eddie is cunning, and his network is vast. The entire country is his playground. I would never be able to guess his whereabouts.” 
“Then why do you seem so relaxed?” 
Shin stood stiffly in the room for a long while before revealing a shameful expression on his face. 
“Since I wasn’t able to save her, I told Eddie that she was Judith Silvester’s granddaughter. He’s shrewd and greedy to boot, so he’s bound to view Judith as a springboard for his comeback. I reckoned Eddie’s unlikely to harm her because of this.” 
“Then what?” 
Shin paused for a moment before saying, “Then, when you’ve more or less recovered, I think it’s time to make a move.”
Sebastian looked at the monk in wonder. This is my biological father!
###Chapter 1234
Chapter 1234
Chapter 1234 An Overnight Wait 
Sebastian left Aquene Temple that afternoon. 
Devin had wanted to accompany him since Sebastian’s condition was far from stable. 
Still, his offer was met with a firm refusal. 
There were many issues to settle in Jadeborough, chief of which was Silas’ precarious ratings after Eddie’s fiasco. Without a member of the Jadeson family in the White House to show support, it would be challenging to stabilize the political climate in Jadeborough. 
Plus, Sebastian needed someone to follow up on Jonathan. 
Devin eventually agreed to stay behind. 
“Uncle Shin, I’ll be heading off then.” 
Unlike Sebastian, Devin had no qualms about calling the old monk his uncle after uncovering his true identity. 
To his surprise, Shin seemed reluctant to accept his address. 
“Mr. Jadeson, I am now Master Abner, and I hope that you will continue to address me as such in the future.” 
Devin stared blankly at the old monk, not knowing what to say. 
His sadness at Shin’s request was palpable, and Sabrina tugged on his sleeve the moment she noticed his forlorn expression.
She said, “If he doesn’t want you to call him Shin, you should respect his wishes. He’s never once gone by another identity, not even with Sebastian, so why would he acknowledge his relationship with you?” 
Edmund chimed in, “She’s right.” 
In the end, Devin could only leave the temple with Edmund, Sabrina, and his daughter in tow. 
With Sebastian gone, Devin and Sabrina were the only Jadesons left in Jadeborough. After departing Aquene Temple, Devin went straight to their newly-recovered Oceanic Estate instead of Red Pavilion. 
The couple had Edmund over for dinner at Oceanic Estate that night. The latter was digging in happily as Devin placed the dishes on the table and asked, “Ed, what are your plans?” 
He had posed this question as a friend and classmate. Now that the situation had stabilized, Devin wanted to know if Edmund had any particular requests. 
If he plans to assume a position in the government, I’ll make it happen, even if he’s some lazy, notorious bachelor. 
To his pleasant surprise, Edmund seemed to fall into deep thought at his question. 
A couple of minutes later, he asked, “What do you think I should do?” 
“You’re asking for my opinion?” Devin chuckled before continuing, “Of course, I’d like you to stay here and help me. I’m going to need all the help I can get. Plus, you aren’t too shabby yourself. Our plan would never have succeeded without you, and I’d love for us to continue working together in the future.” 
Edmund brightened up immediately. “Really?” 
He turned his head subconsciously to peek at Sabrina, who was busy feeding her daughter.
“Sab- I mean Mrs. Jadeson, is that what you think as well?” 
“Huh?” Sabrina looked up in the middle of feeding her daughter a spoonful of pumpkin puree. 
She was now dressed in her usual attire upon her return to Oceanic Estate. 
Her black locks were twirled into a high bun, exposing her fair and slender neck. Decked in a form- fitting jacket, Sabrina looked as gorgeous as before. 
“Don’t ask me about such things. If Devin wants you to do so, you had better follow his instructions. Look at yourself. If you don’t buck up soon, the Cooper women are going to swallow you whole.” 
“Er-” 
“Sabrina!” Devin could not help but hint at his sharp-tongued wife. 
Thankfully, Edmund was not angry or offended by her statement. Instead, he chuckled good-naturedly before turning his attention back to his food. 
After he left, Devin and Sabrina brought their daughter to the bedroom. Devin then switched on his computer and got to work analyzing the organizational chart of the White House. 
Sabrina, on the other hand, tucked their daughter into bed before ducking into the bathroom with a bathrobe. 
She emerged from the steamy bathroom fifteen minutes later, her face flushed from a hot shower. The low collar of her outfit revealed a smooth and enticing expanse of skin. 
“A-Aren’t you going to sleep?”
“Soon. Let me check if I can find any suitable positions for Edmund,” Devin answered her hesitant question without even turning around. 
Suddenly, a seductive scent wafted toward his nose, accompanied by the sound of light footsteps approaching him from behind. 
“Darling?” Devin paused momentarily before whirling around. 
Sabrina was standing before him in a skimpy black negligee. With her hair let down, she was most definitely dressed to seduce him. 
“I-If you’re not sleeping, I’ll go to bed first,” she stammered nervously. 
Contrary to her typically rambunctious behavior, Sabrina was unusually conservative when it came to the art of seduction. 
They may have been married, but they had never engaged in such foreplay in the past. 
Sabrina’s cheeks were painfully hot from her furious blush. 
Devin’s gaze darkened dangerously. His intention to finish his work flew out the window as he slammed his computer shut and lunged for his wife.
###Chapter 1235
Chapter 1235
Chapter 1235 You Are Finally Back 
“Mmm…” 
Thud! 
He was unabashedly brazen. 
By the time Sabrina realized what was going on, he had pulled her underneath his blanket and showered her with kisses, just like how he dominated his enemy. 
A night of passion ensued. 
It wasn’t until dawn that they finally stopped. 
As for Sabrina, she was so exhausted she could barely lift a muscle. 
Nevertheless, after an intense night, the loud rumble of a sports car was heard downstairs before the crack of dawn. 
The next moment, someone yelled, “Devin, Devin, are you awake? Devin! Get up and make me breakfast. Wake Sabrina too!” 
Devin wanted nothing more than kill him. 
By the time Sebastian had arrived in Miralaea, it was already nightfall. 
After disembarking, he didn’t give Bay Villa a call. Instead, he got himself a car and drove along the windy coastal road toward it. 
An hour later, he finally arrived at the villa.
“Mr. Hayes, you’re back.” 
Meanwhile, when Xayden, who had been keeping watch from the second-floor balcony, saw the arriving car, he hurried downstairs ecstatically. 
Sebastian alighted after opening the car door. 
This time, his purpose was to see the children. Given that he was about to start searching for their mom, he didn’t know how long he would be gone. 
Therefore, he decided that he had to come see them first. 
“Are they already asleep?” 
He glanced at the room upstairs that had its lights turned off. 
Xayden nodded. “Mmm-hmm. They have been very obedient and would usually go to bed at around nine. Besides, they didn’t know you were coming.” 
Xayden could barely contain his excitement as he, too, didn’t expect his boss to drop by suddenly. 
Furthermore, Sebastian had no idea how he had spent the last week or so with the children. 
“Mr. Hayes, are matters within the country resolved? I have watched the news recently and saw the press conference by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. They insisted the matter was a fabrication as Louis had already died decades ago.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
Sebastian nodded as he had instructed them to do so.
After having challenged the global military forces, all of them turned hostile toward the nation. Nevertheless, Sebastian was solely focused on Eddie. 
Therefore, ever since Eddie fled the White House together with his subordinates, Sebastian’s priority was to calm the foreign factions down. 
Only then could war be averted. 
After entering the villa, he took off his jacket and wanted to rest on the sofa. 
However, when he looked up, he noticed a small figure at the top of the staircase. 
“Ian?” 
He was caught by surprise. Staring at the child, who was dressed in thin pajamas, he couldn’t help but feel his heart sink. 
“Why are you up? It’s really cold at night. Shouldn’t you be in thicker clothes?” 
Ignoring the jacket in his hand, Sebastian strode up the stairs at once. 
As for Ian, once he was certain that it was his dad, he darted down the steps with tears in his eyes. 
“Daddy, you’re finally home,” Ian sobbed as he ran toward Sebastian with his hands outstretched. 
This was the first time he gave rein to his emotions. All this while, he had always behaved in a calm and collected manner. 
After giving him a tight hug, Sebastian picked him up.
“Mmm-hmm. I’m back. I’m finally home.” Sebastian tightened his embrace of Ian with his hand holding onto his head. After that, he relished the scent that his son’s body emanated. 
He had forgotten when was the last time he saw them. 
It wasn’t a matter of absolute time. Instead, the ten or more days he was away felt torturous as if it was an eternity. 
Both father and son let their tears gush out freely. 
After both of them had calmed down, Sebastian covered his son with the jacket in his hand. He then carried Ian down the stairs and put him on the couch. 
“Have some hot milk to keep yourself warm.” 
The moment Xayden heard it, he brought over a glass of hot milk at once. 
Sebastian then brought Ian to sit down. 
“What about Matt and Vivi? Did you wake them?” 
“No.” 
Ian shook his head obediently. 
Considering he was almost nine, he began to slim down due to his growth spurt. His face was no longer as chubby as his jawline began to show. Just like Sebastian, the chiseled look on his face was growing more noticeable. 
Sebastian gave him a look of approval.
“Well done. I’m glad you know how to take good care of your siblings. I heard that you and Xayden did a lot to protect them. Is that true?” 
Sebastian brought up the topic again. 
Just as he spoke, Ian lowered his head in embarrassment.
###Chapter 1236
Chapter 1236
Chapter 1236 D*mn Them 
“Not really.” 
“That’s not true. Mr. Ian, if not for your cleverly designed defense system, we wouldn’t have been able to stop those animals from breaking in. I shudder to think what would have happened if they succeeded.” 
The moment Xayden heard Ian’s denial, he quickly recounted the entire incident. 
After all, that was the truth. 
Back then, the nation was in chaos. With Sebastian bogged down by trouble, he was unable to provide them with any help. 
Therefore, they had to be responsible for their own safety. Hence, Ian, together with his brother, used their insane hacking skills to set up a defensive system within the villa. 
Even if Xayden were armed with all the weapons in the world, he alone wouldn’t have been able to protect them. 
Blushing all over, Ian sat obediently in Sebastian’s arms without a word. 
In response, Sebastian was seized by guilt. 
All these years, he felt bad that his children had to be constantly on the run due to his messy affairs. Their lives were so unsettled that they didn’t even have the chance to go to school. 
And now, they had to resort to protecting themselves.
Feeling the burn in his eyes, it took Sebastian a while to regain his composure before carrying his son up. 
“All right now, time for bed. I’m tired too. Why don’t we sleep together tonight?” 
“Sure!” 
Sebastian was surprised that such a simple phrase was able to cause Ian to raise his head with a sparkle in his eyes. 
That was also the first time Ian felt ecstatic. 
After that, Sebastian carried him upstairs. 
When he opened the door to the children’s room, the other two children were sound asleep and totally unaware that their dad had returned home. 
Sebastian’s smile widened at the sight. 
After adjusting their covers for them, he led Ian to another room. 
“Daddy, why didn’t Mommy come over?” Ian couldn’t help but ask after Sebastian had tucked him in. 
Sebastian froze the moment he heard the question. 
Mommy? 
After a brief struggle within himself, Sebastian decided to speak frankly. 
“Mommy can’t come over for the time being. However, I promise you that I will bring her here as soon as I can. By that time, the five of us will stay here and no longer move. How about that?”
Stumped, Ian curled into his blanket with reddened eyes. 
Given how smart he was, he had noticed something was amiss. If Sebastian returned to pick them up, he wouldn’t have come alone. Certainly not in the middle of the night without even giving them a call. 
Therefore, Ian had mentally prepared himself. 
However, when he realized that his mom was in trouble, he couldn’t help but feel worried and disheartened. 
Despite being a devastated nine-year-old, Ian had no choice but to hold back his tears and requested, “In that case, you have to bring her back.” 
Sebastian promised, “I definitely will. Therefore, you have to look after Matt and Vivi while I’m gone, all right?” 
Ian nodded. “Mmm-hmm.” 
At the end of the day, he stepped up to his responsibilities as the eldest and promised his dad. 
The next day… 
When Matteo and Vivian woke up to the sight of Sebastian, they were filled with delight. Without any hesitation, both of them rushed into his embrace. 
Elated by their response, Sebastian spent the entire day with them. 
Hence, he waited until they had gone to bed at night before finally leaving. 
“Mr. Hayes, where do you plan to search for Mrs. Hayes? I heard that old fox can be anywhere. Given how big the country is, where are you even going to start?” Xayden asked in concern just when Sebastian was about to leave.
His question had hit the nail on the head. Given how big their country was, it was like searching for a needle in a haystack. 
However, much to his surprise, Sebastian wasn’t bothered by the issue at all. 
“There’s no need to look for him at all. He’s nothing but a b*stard that can be easily ferreted out,” he sneered vulgarly. 
It was very much unlike the dignified and aloof image of a company president. 
Xayden broke out in a cold sweat. 
This is infuriating! How dare those b*stards make my boss lose his composure. The next time I have them in my hands, I’ll poison and cripple them. After that, I’ll stuff them with explosives and blow them up to kingdom come. 
With that, Sebastian left Miralaea. 
Two days later, there was news about Eddie, who was being hunted by the authorities domestically. When he was sighted in Smallpoint, the police sent men there to investigate at once. 
Among them was the Jadeson family that had just recovered. 
When Sabrina saw Devin about to leave in his full gear, she quickly caught up to him. 
“Did you really manage to find him? Isn’t it too quick? In that case… is she all right?” 
“One of the teams I sent out reported this to me, so it’s likely accurate. Don’t worry. Once I reach there, I’ll keep you posted.” 
After reassuring her, Devin put on his military cap and headed off.
“My God, Devin! I just heard that old scumbag had been found. Huh, you… you’re already leaving?” 
Suddenly, a man rambled aloud as he slipped in from outside. The moment he saw Devin all geared up to go, his eyes widened in surprise. 
It was Edmund that had just arrived.
###Chapter 1237
Chapter 1237
Chapter 1237 What Can Sebastian Still Do 
With that, Devin left Jadeborough. 
Before he did, he requested Edmund’s presence at Oceanic Estate to protect Sabrina. After all, she still had a baby in her care. 
Edmund readily agreed. 
Hence, the two Jadesons headed to Smallpoint to set in motion Sasha’s rescue. 
Even though it was early summer, many of the cities within the country began to warm. 
Xenhall was one of them too. 
“Madam, how much for this cucumber? It looks really fresh.” 
“Of course, I just harvested it from my vegetable garden.” 
Along the bustling streets, many villagers had brought their fresh produce to be sold. 
One of them was a middle-aged lady selling cucumbers. 
When she saw a potential customer, she began promoting them with vigor. 
However, the person standing in front of her wooden basket was no longer interested after going through them for a while. 
“I’m planning to buy a lot. However, considering how expensive yours are, I can’t take them.” 
“Huh?”
The moment the lady realized that it was a lucrative transaction, she began to feel desperate. 
“How many do you want then? If you buy a lot, I’ll offer you a lower price.” 
“Two for a pound. I’ll take everything, and please send them over for me,” the buyer quipped. She was a middle-aged woman similar to the seller. 
However, two for a pound for fresh cucumbers was indeed a lowball price. 
Nevertheless, the seller finally agreed. 
After a few minutes, the seller followed the woman while carrying all the cucumbers that were sold. After trudging on for twenty minutes, they arrived at a dilapidated house. 
“Isn’t this…” 
The seller was extremely confused. 
After all, being a local who knew the town very well, she was aware that the abandoned house in front of her belonged to the Durant family. 
They used to be a prominent family here a long time ago. 
However, when the woman who brought the seller there heard her question, she snapped, “Why are you asking questions? I paid you for your cucumbers and nothing else. Since no one is staying here, can’t it be a place of respite for a weary traveler?” 
“That’s true.” 
The seller didn’t dare comment further. 
Instead, she hoisted her baskets into the compound.
Inside the house that had been abandoned for decades, everything was broken and covered with spider webs. 
It wasn’t until they had gone further in that they saw its original courtyard. After tidying up a bit, they managed to create a space to rest. 
At the sight of the cucumber seller, a middle-aged man walked out in a black tank top. Staring at her, he asked in displeasure, “Why did you bring someone here today?” 
The cucumber seller was suddenly seized by fear. 
The middle-aged woman hurriedly explained, “I… I asked her to send her vegetables here as her cucumbers are really fresh. Given that we have many comrades here, they can give it a try.” 
Only then did the man recover his gaze from the terrified cucumber seller. 
“Next time, don’t bring anyone here without my permission. Do you understand?” He sounded as if he was giving her orders. 
The middle-aged woman meekly nodded to indicate her acknowledgment. 
After that, the cucumber seller quickly left. 
However, just when she crossed the courtyard, she saw an empty space inside. It was square and had a well in the center. 
At that moment, a slender figure was sauntering inside. 
Am I seeing things?
“What are you looking at? Are you trying to get me into trouble by dilly-dallying?” the middle-aged woman screamed at the cucumber seller when she saw her hesitate. 
Only then did she leave quickly. 
The Durant family’s home was a splendid and famous sight in its heyday. After all, the Durant family was made up of warriors and doctors. Moreover, many lucrative businesses were also inherited by them throughout the years. 
Therefore, the house covered a sprawling area. 
The moment the cucumber seller left, a man stormed into the area with the well and kicked the door open with a loud bang. 
The man who had just admonished the middle-aged woman bellowed, “What were you trying to do just now by coming out here? Do you still think that someone is coming to save you?” 
The person in the indoor courtyard stood in front of the aquarium, watching the little fishes swim inside. 
After the man who barged in scolded her, she shot an icy glare at him. “Why not? Just you wait. They will definitely come for me.” 
“You must be dreaming! Do you know where they are headed now?” the man suddenly sneered. 
The lady in the courtyard looked at him, motioning him to continue. 
The man added smugly, “They have gone to Smallpoint, hahaha. And yet, they claim the Jadesons are sharp. The rumors tell of how amazing your husband, Sebastian, is. But look, other than lunacy, what else does he have left?”
###Chapter 1238
Chapter 1238
Chapter 1238 I Did Not Kill My Mom 
The lady was stumped. 
Why did they go to Smallpoint? 
Recovering her gaze, she shifted it back to the two fishes in the aquarium. 
“He still has many things left. For example, if you don’t release me now to redeem yourself, I can’t guarantee that he won’t sentence you to a painful death.” 
Unfazed by what the man said, the woman threw the fish some food right after she spoke. 
In response, the man burst into hysterical laughter. 
“You must be dreaming. A painful death? When they arrive at Smallpoint and find nothing, the Chairman will begin to take action. Your status as Judith’s granddaughter will soon become useful,” he gloated before leaving. 
Just as expected, the lady in the courtyard was Sasha, who had long disappeared. 
After the man had left, Sasha swept her palms to dust off the residual fish food before settling down in her chair. 
This was the first time she heard some news about the Jadesons and Sebastian ever since she was brought there. 
Is he headed to Smallpoint? That’s impossible. Given how sharp Sebastian is, he obviously knows there’s nothing there. Therefore, there can only be one other explanation. He must be playing bait and
switch. He wants the old man to lower his guard and perhaps even show himself. But if he does and somehow involves my yet to be revealed identity, I’m afraid I don’t know what the repercussions will be. 
Knock! Knock! Knock! 
Just when Sasha was feeling frustrated, there was a sudden knock on the door. 
Raising her gaze, Sasha responded coldly, “Who is it?” 
“Sasha, it’s me.” 
She was surprised to hear a young and gentle voice. 
Sasha’s expression darkened dramatically. The rage that swelled within her was significantly greater than what she felt toward the middle-aged man. 
“What are you doing here? Didn’t I tell you not to come and see me?” 
“I know. It’s just… I made you something to eat. Sasha, you have hardly eaten for days. So, I’ve just prepared a burger for you. Please have some food,” the youth outside the door pleaded. 
Sasha didn’t reply. 
The next moment, the wooden door opened with a crack. Wearing a white t-shirt, the tall and thin guy stood at the door with a tray. 
“Sasha.” 
The youth averted his gaze the moment he saw Sasha. After greeting her, he entered with the food he had brought. 
Sasha stared coldly at him throughout.
It wasn’t until he put down the food that she questioned him with an icy tone, “Tell me, what has he ordered you to do? What does he want from me?” 
“No… it’s not that,” the youth quickly denied with a stutter. 
“It’s not like that, Sasha. I… I just want to bring you something to eat. I’m not here to harm you.” 
“Heh,” Sasha snickered. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t berate him. 
Given how long it had been, she was tired of doing so. Moreover, she was feeling weak as she hadn’t had a proper meal in a long time. 
Picking up the burger that was already cold, she began to dig in. 
At that moment, the youth lowered his head as his eyes began to redden. 
Is he feeling guilty? For someone who treated his mom so coldly by letting her die in those men’s hands, how is it that he is feeling remorse? 
When Sasha caught a glimpse of his expression, she couldn’t resist mocking, “Kingston, what’s with that look of yours? Do you think you can wipe away all that you have done just by doing this?” 
Kingston hung his head lower without saying a word. 
Sensing the opportunity for revenge, Sasha seized upon it. She continued, “Do you know what your mom told us when we released her from Oceanic Estate? In the end, she begged Jonathan to find you and save you. In return, she was willing to be a pawn of the Jadesons and find out what we wanted to know.”
Kingston shuddered at her words. Finally, his face had lost all color. 
“I… I didn’t know.” 
“Of course, you didn’t know. Did you think that you were your mom’s pawn too? That she married your dad just so that she could take revenge on Alfred? Therefore, you have always hated her. After your dad’s death, that hatred intensified, didn’t it?” 
Sasha analyzed his feelings bit by bit. 
After all, she was a doctor. When she treated Sebastian for his mental issues, she had also picked up some knowledge about psychology. Therefore, she could easily dive into the depths of his heart. 
Kingston began to panic. 
He denied at once, “No, it’s not like that. She’s my mom. Why would I do that?”
###Chapter 1239
Chapter 1239
Chapter 1239 Sasha Appears 
“Is that so?” 
Sasha sneered, “In that case, why didn’t you reappear after going missing? You obviously knew that your mom was looking for you, but you still chose to hide. Don’t tell me that the old man had you locked up then. Kingston, not everyone is as naive as your mom. As Sean Durant’s grandson, will that old man lay a finger on you? Just as you wanted, your mom assumed that you were locked up. And that was entirely because it didn’t cross her mind that her son would betray her, to the extent of sending her to her death!” 
Finally, Kingston roared, “Bullsh*t! I didn’t!” 
With reddened eyes, the veins on his neck began to throb visibly. 
“I didn’t kill my mom. I didn’t!” he screamed again. At that moment, his temper flared as if he had lost his sanity. 
Sasha didn’t argue with him any further. 
She watched him intently from her seat until someone rushed in after hearing the commotion. 
“Kingston, why are you here? Didn’t I tell you not to speak to her? Are you looking to get beaten again? Huh?” 
It was the middle-aged man. 
When he saw that Kingston had gone amok, he gestured to two of his men to pin Kingston down.
Kingston struggled vehemently, “I didn’t. Sasha, for the very last time, let me tell you this. I didn’t kill my mom. The reason she died in their hands was her own doing. Her own doing!” 
With that, Kingston was dragged away. 
However, his screams continued to echo within the courtyard, causing Sasha to gulp. 
Finally, she didn’t finish her burger and threw it aside instead. 
How did Janice actually die? 
In truth, it had nothing to do with Kingston. She had betrayed The Coffee Shop and helped her nephew, Isaac, declare war against them. In the end, there was no escaping death for her. 
Nevertheless, Sasha wanted Kingston to understand that regardless of whether he was responsible for his mom’s death, he had committed an unforgivable act by staying by Eddie’s side. 
One was allowed to make mistakes, but those who couldn’t tell right from wrong did not deserve to be pardoned. 
After that, Sasha’s life returned to the routine of watching the sunrise and sunset from the inner courtyard where she was locked in, day by day. 
From that day onward, Kingston never came back to see her. 
It wasn’t until four days later that the door to the courtyard was opened again. 
“What do you want?” 
Turning to look at the two men who had just entered, her expression drastically changed when she saw them carrying something with a fuse.
Despite retreating fearfully, there was nowhere else she could go. 
Soon, they had forcefully strapped an explosive vest onto her. 
“Listen up. Today, we will take you to a charity gala. There, you will see items belonging to your grandma put on auction. All you need to do is bid for them with your status as her granddaughter,” the man instructed her after tying her up. 
A charity auction selling my grandma’s belongings? 
Suddenly, the alarm bells in Sasha’s mind went off. “What are you planning to do? My grandma is already dead. Even if I admit that I’m her granddaughter, it is no use to you at all.” 
“Hehe, is that so?” 
The only response she got was an insidious look from her captor. 
Twenty minutes later, after being changed into a beautiful dress, she was brought to a car outside. Inside, she saw Kingston waiting for her. 
“You…” 
“He will be your plus one for tonight’s event. You don’t have to worry. He is no longer that young and has even graduated from university. In fact, you are not much older than him,” the man sneered when he saw her apprehensive expression. 
With that, Sasha was stuffed into the car. 
When Kingston saw her enter, he squirmed further into the car. He didn’t dare look at her nor say a word. Pressing himself against the door, he froze awkwardly like a rock.
Sasha, too, was in a terrible mood. 
Hence, she remained silent after entering the car. 
At that moment, Eddie, whom she hadn’t seen in a while, was walking toward the car with his cane. He had his man carry a silver box. 
“Kingston, there’s two million here. Once you are there, get her into an outfit suitable for the gala. Remember, once you go in, behave as flamboyantly as you can. If you need more money, just contact Cramer. He will transfer it to you. Your ive is to let everyone know that both of you are Judith’s granddaughter and grandson-in-law.” 
“Haha, you’re mad!” Sasha hissed after hearing the instructions from inside the car. 
Eddie shifted his gaze toward her. 
“Sasha, you had better behave. Don’t forget who I am. Even Shin couldn’t bring me down despite infiltrating my side for thirty years. Furthermore, I’m still standing here even after receiving the ‘present’ Sebastian gave me. So, do you think I lack the capability of killing your entire family?” 
“You—” 
Sasha was finally stumped when her eyes met Eddie’s insidious gaze.
###Chapter 1240
Chapter 1240
Chapter 1240 Like A Queen 
Finally, Sasha was taken away by force. 
In the afternoon, after she arrived in the center of Xenhall, she was taken to a beauty salon. 
After spending three painstaking hours there, she was finally released in the evening. 
By then, her black hair had been bun up high while she was decked out in a flaming-red strapless gown. With her sensual figure, she looked elegant and dignified, just like a real-life princess. 
Kingston was mesmerized by the sight. 
Previously, he had seen Sasha before a couple of times at Oceanic Estate when he accompanied Janice there. 
During those visits, he saw how Sasha taught his mom how to take down The Ataraxy despite her not being much older than him. 
Also, Sasha walked her through the process of running Oceanic Estate’s affairs. 
Back then, he didn’t take notice of her appearance. Instead, he was more astounded at how capable Sasha was. 
The reason was that he had a secret that no one knew. 
From the very beginning, he intended to be the head of the Jadeson family. 
The Jadesons back then were in a state of decline.
The family had three bloodlines. Stephen, who was a direct descendant, was utterly incapable and had squandered much of the family’s assets. 
As for those at The Ataraxy, they were no different from scum. They had not only caused all sorts of trouble to sully the Jadesons’ reputation but also made zero contributions to the family. 
In contrast, the bloodline based at Gossamer Creek lived their lives in a virtuous manner. Instead of committing crimes like those at The Ataraxy, they relied on their own efforts to make a living. 
Unfortunately, they were treated with the least respect at Oceanic Estate. 
And that was what gave birth to his ambition. 
When Sebastian was locked up in Heron Hill, he had instigated the events that led to Tiffany and Tyler’s death. 
Back then, Sabrina arrived in search of Sebastian. Since she had no access to Sebastian at Heron Hill, she sought Devin instead. 
It was then that Kingston leaked the news of her arrival during Charles’ funeral at Jade Court. 
Naturally, Tiffany and Tyler were infuriated, leading to their plot to kidnap Sabrina. 
Finally, the two idiots didn’t expect to have fallen into a trap. Kingston had not only used the mentally unstable Sebastian to kill Tyler but also manipulated Jonathan into throwing Tiffany into prison for killing a soldier. 
By killing two birds with one stone, Kingston caused The Ataraxy to lose two members. 
After that, the self-deluding Candice arrived. 
Due to Tiffany and Tyler’s death, she viewed Sebastian with significant animosity.
Just when she planned to kill him in the hospital, Kingston discreetly placed the poisonous needles there. 
As predicted, the needles led Jonathan to Connor right after Sebastian was rescued. 
Consequently, after Connor, who was the worst of the Jadesons, was exposed, Jonathan shot him to death with his own hands. 
With Connor dead and Candice in exile, the bloodline based at The Ataraxy was destroyed. 
That was when Kingston began to feel smug about himself. 
Just when he was about to take down Stephen, he noticed that Sebastian had begun to regain the clarity of his mind. Realizing how terrifying Sebastian was, Kingston stayed his hand. 
What shocked him the most wasn’t Sebastian. Instead, it was the fact that Sebastian’s wife was so competent that even his mom wasn’t a match for her. 
Consequently, Kingston gave up on his plan. 
“What are you staring at her for? Don’t think for a moment that she will become yours. Let me warn you. If you don’t want to die, you had better not have eyes for her.” 
The man who drove them there was the middle-aged man from the old Durant residence. 
He was the Cramer that Eddie had mentioned and was also Carlos Smith’s younger brother. 
The moment he led Sasha out and saw how intently Kingston was looking at her, contempt flashed across his face.
He gave Kingston a stark reminder. “What are you staring at her for? Don’t think for a moment that she will become yours. Let me warn you. If you don’t want to die, you had better not have eyes for her.” 
Only then did Kingston avert his gaze while blushing. 
“I’m not.” 
“You had better not. Here, these are the presents you are supposed to take to the gala. Remember to take good care of them.” 
Shooting Kingston a glare, Cramer threw him a small pouch. 
After catching it in his hands, Kingston lowered his head and got into the car. 
Sasha was pushed into the car alongside him. 
“Sasha, you had better listen to the Chairman’s instructions and cooperate. Or else, you will suffer the consequences,” Cramer reminded. 
Sasha seethed with anger. 
Nevertheless, she realized there was little she could do. Hence, she settled into the car as it headed to the gala.
###Chapter 1241
Chapter 1241
Chapter 1241 Nonsense 
Xenhall was a place with a long history. 
=It had gone through many dynasties in ancient times and was very well known back then. 
Sitting in the car, Sasha admired the historical buildings outside the window. By the time they arrived at the museum, she could see that its original architecture was well preserved. 
It made for an impressive sight indeed. 
“We’re here. Shall we go?” 
Throughout the entire journey, Kingston didn’t dare say a word nor turn around to look at Sasha. 
However, Sasha ignored him, considering that she was in a foul mood. She opened the door and got out at once. 
Click! Clack! 
Much to her surprise, the moment she got out, she saw that the museum entrance was swarmed by reporters with cameras. At that moment, all of them were taking photos of the arriving guests. 
Sasha retreated back into the car at once. 
“What kind of gala is this? Why are there so many reporters? What is that old man up to?” 
After a while, Kingston, who was previously frozen stiff, finally turned around to look at her. 
“This is a gala to celebrate the return of domestic historical artifacts from overseas. The Ministry of Culture has placed great emphasis on this event. Hence, they have invited all the major media outlets
to cover the event. Therefore, if your identity is revealed here, it will cause an uproar within the nation.” 
“After that?” 
“I’m sure you’re not aware that after what happened the last time, Silas has lost all the confidence everyone had in him. Hence, Congress needs a new leader to stabilize the situation. Consequently, this is the perfect opportunity for your appearance.” 
Kingston told Sasha everything that he knew. 
Just as he finished, he didn’t expect to hear Sasha ranting. “That’s preposterous. Is he trying to make me an empress?” 
Kingston shook his head. “No, he wants you to be a queen.” 
“What?” 
Sasha was utterly shocked. “Queen?” 
Kingston nodded. “Yes. That’s his ultimate goal as he wants to seize power. Once you become a princess of the White House, your knight in shining armor will arrive.” 
“Who is it?” 
“Sebastian!” 
Sasha didn’t expect to hear that name under such circumstances. 
Sebastian? Did I get it wrong? Or is he spewing nonsense? Considering that they have gone to such great lengths to seize power, why would they want to elevate Sebastian to that position? How is this possible? They are currently each other’s mortal enemies!
Shocked and angered by what she heard, Sasha didn’t believe it at all. 
Just when she wanted to question him further, an usher from the museum noticed their car and walked over. 
“Sir, madam, are you here for the gala?” 
“Yes.” 
Sasha couldn’t help but nod. 
In response, the staff became a lot more attentive to them. 
“In that case, please exit from the car as we are seating our guests now. The gala will start at around half past six,” he cordially invited them out. 
Left without a choice, Sasha held up her dress and stepped out. 
The moment she alighted in her striking red gown, all the reporters stationed at the museum entrance shifted their attention to her. 
“My God! Who is that guest? She looks stunning and exudes an air of nobility, just like a queen.” 
“That’s right. She must be someone important.” 
“Quick, let’s get some pictures of her.” 
In less than two seconds, the cameras were all trained in Sasha’s direction before she even walked over. 
However, the commotion caused many of the guests who were at the entrance to feel upset.
Nevertheless, there was little they could do. Sasha truly looked stunning. Moreover, she was also someone with an illustrious background. Other than being a daughter of the Wand family, she was also the wife of a multinational company president. 
Given her identity, there was no reason for her not to stand out from the crowd. 
With that, Sasha sauntered over in her stilettos. 
Following closely behind her, Kingston was supposed to hold her hand to visibly demonstrate their relationship. That was the plan, after all. 
However, the moment he saw Sasha’s silhouette, he suddenly became self-conscious about himself. 
He didn’t dare move forward, let alone hold her hand. She was just like a glittering pearl he was not worthy of holding. 
In the end, that was how both of them entered the museum. 
From the perspective of the reporters’ cameras, he was nothing more than an insignificant subordinate. 
“Madam, may I know if you have an invitation card? We will need it for the registration.” 
“Yes, yes. We do.” 
Only then did Kingston hurry forward and hand over the invitation card Eddie gave him. 
When the staff received it, he commented, “Oh, it’s Mr. Durant and wife. Welcome. This way, please.” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Inside, Sasha surveyed the tables that had been laid out and the cultural artifacts that were on display. After that, she found a quiet corner and sat down. Only then did she turn to look at Kingston.
“What did you mean just now? Why did you say that it will still be Sebastian in the end?”
###Chapter 1243
Chapter 1243
Chapter 1243 The Showdown 
Bam! 
Just when both of them were standing at the museum entrance, a gunshot rang out all of a sudden. 
Before Sasha could even comprehend what was going on, Kingston had grabbed and pulled her to hide behind a lion statue. 
“Be careful! He’s already here!” he yelled at the top of his lungs. 
Sasha’s face turned white as a sheet. Holding her head and cowering behind the lion statue, her entire body trembled in fear. 
Bam! 
Just as expected, the moment they took cover, the bullet shot right into the museum. 
After an agonizing cry was heard, she saw the usher who was standing at the entrance collapse onto the ground. 
“Murder! Murder!” 
“Ahhh…” 
Screams rang out from everywhere. 
In a few short seconds, the museum erupted in utter chaos. 
Crouching in shock, Sasha stared at the tumultuous museum before turning her attention to the car that was a short distance away.
For a split second, she was torn between two minds. 
Coincidentally, Kingston suggested, “All right, Sasha, it’s safe now. Let’s leave this place quickly.” 
When he saw that the gunshots were concentrated on the museum, he led her out at once and wanted to use the opportunity to help her escape. 
However, it would have been better if he hadn’t said a word. The moment he did, she turned around and glared intently at him with her obsidian eyes. 
“Why do you want to take me away? Since I have foiled his plans, aren’t you supposed to kill me? Why do you want me to leave with you?” 
“I…” 
Kingston was at a loss for words. 
When Sasha saw his response, she no longer hesitated. Springing to her feet, she dashed back into the museum. 
“Sasha! Sasha! Come back!” Pale in shock, Kingston had no choice but to run after her while calling out at the same time. 
In truth, there was really something fishy going on inside. 
The gunshots in the museum were fired by Eddie when he realized that his plan was stymied. In his rage and frustration, he had started the hunt early. The prey this time was none other than Sebastian. 
“That old b*stard! He does have some smarts, after all.” 
Watching everything from the security control room upstairs, Sebastian almost flipped over his table in anger when he saw the situation going out of his control.
When Devin saw the same, his expression drastically changed. 
“If he has already predicted our plan, that means the museum is no longer safe. Considering how ruthless he is, he must have even planted nuclear wave bombs inside.” 
“Huh?” 
Karl broke into cold sweat the moment he heard Devin’s comment. 
“Isn’t that terrible? With so many people here, it would definitely be a catastrophe if the bombs exploded. How many people have to die?” 
He expressed his unwillingness to see an incident like that happen. 
In truth, no one wanted it to happen, regardless of whether they were from Devin’s special squad or the Hayes Corporation team from SteelFort. 
That was the difference between them and the cruel Eddie. 
Finally, Devin led his squad into the museum and swiftly spread out. Their ive was to evacuate the crowd and rapidly locate the explosives that had been planted. 
As for the men from SteelFort, they were in charge of eliminating the enemy. 
Before Karl left, he reminded his boss, “Mr. Hayes, stay here and don’t go out no matter what. From the way Eddie walked into our trap willingly, he must have something else up his sleeve waiting for us. Also, with regards to Mrs. Hayes, don’t worry about it. Between Mr. Devin and me, we will definitely rescue her.” 
We have no other choice. In terms of combat prowess, the boss is the weakest among the three of us. Furthermore, that old b*stard is extremely crafty. Hence, our priority is to protect Sebastian, who is
the brains of our operation. Or else, we might lose everything in the end. 
After leaving a few of the elites from SteelFort with Sebastian, he led the rest out at once. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian continued to stay in the security control room. 
Watching the screens, he saw both sides clash in the museum with greater intensity. Bullets were flying all over the place while bodies were dropping like flies. 
At the end of the day, Devin’s squad was made up of actual special forces. 
The moment they charged out with their assault rifles, they counterattacked with great ferocity. As they swept through the museum, they gunned down many of their fearsome enemies. 
“Evacuate everyone! Logan, take some men and make sure everyone leaves safely.” 
Devin’s goal wasn’t to kill as many enemies as he could but to save the innocents from being slaughtered by the enemy. 
Having received his instructions, Logan led his men and swooped into the lobby downstairs. The moment they arrived, they began evacuating the distraught guests. 
Meanwhile, Karl and his men battled with equal ferocity. 
Although they weren’t army regulars, their combat prowess was not inferior in any way. 
One by one, they stole through the darkness like phantoms, only to appear behind their enemy to either crack their necks or blow their brains apart. In less than five minutes, Sebastian saw that they had disposed of many of their foes on the screen.
###Chapter 1244
Chapter 1244
Chapter 1244 What Do You Mean By Seven Inches 
Given how swiftly the battle was progressing, its end wasn’t far away. 
Sebastian smirked to himself. 
Reaching for his mouse, he prepared to change his view to the security cameras outside. 
The reason was that he didn’t see Sasha in the security feeds inside the museum. In fact, if he remembered correctly, he saw Kingston dragging her out just before the plan went sideways. 
Therefore, he needed to locate her at once. 
Or else, if she were taken away again, it would be even harder to find her. 
Zap! 
Suddenly, the computer screen jolted for a moment. 
Sebastian furrowed his eyebrows in response. 
After adjusting it for a while, he noticed that the screen had stabilized. However, it was showing a different scene. What appeared before him was no longer the security feed from the cameras. Instead, it was the video of a man. 
With a head full of white hair, the man was holding a walking stick while smiling intently at him. 
“Sebastian, how was it? Did you enjoy the game?” 
Looking into the camera, Eddie greeted Sebastian with a vibrant smile. 
Sebastian’s pupils constricted at once.
“Sebastian, I have played games like this fifty years ago. Back then, I was the one who directed my brother’s battles. Consequently, I threw all of them into utter confusion,” Eddie rambled on toward the camera. 
Furthermore, he let out a contemptuous expression when he did so. 
Sebastian was stunned. Was that what really happened? 
He didn’t enter the secret room in the Aquene Temple. Therefore, he wasn’t aware of the bad blood between the brothers. However, Louis was the one who had always been praised as the founding leader of the nation. 
Did he actually need his younger brother to dictate his plans for him? 
Sebastian was skeptical. “Have you gone mad trying to take your brother’s place? You not only want to take his position but also steal the credit for all his noble deeds?” 
“Hahaha…” 
Much to his surprise, Eddie burst into laughter. 
Holding his walking stick in front of the camera, Eddie laughed so hard that tears streamed out of his eyes. 
“I didn’t expect the ingenious son of Shin Jadeson not to know anything at all. What’s wrong? Didn’t your father tell you about me waiting underneath the Aquene Temple for decades?” 
Sebastian was speechless. 
“Let me tell you. Ever since my brother brought me to the cave when I was twenty-five, I never left at all. Even though I was a dwarf who needed to be fed, everyone knew that I was the one who
contributed the most when Louis assumed command of the battle. In fact, even Judith was well aware of it!” 
He suddenly brought up the famous founding mother of the nation. 
However, Sebastian didn’t say another word. 
He was shocked by Eddie’s revelation. 
If that’s the case, was Louis not as noble and capable as we thought? Was his disabled twin brother the true reason for his success? 
Sebastian’s fingers on his mouse began to clench into a fist. 
“So what? What’s the point of telling me all this? Do you want me to acknowledge your achievements so as to legitimize the reasons for your repeated treason?” 
“That’s not what I want!” Eddie snapped angrily as if Sebastian had struck a nerve. 
“I just want to let you know that your antics are nothing to me, even if you attempted to use the bait and switch tactic. Sebastian, just you wait. I have a bigger present waiting for you.” 
Just as he spoke, the screen jolted again. 
This time, it had returned to normal. Sitting in his chair, Sebastian finally saw Sasha on the screen. 
“Sasha!” 
“What are you doing? Kingston, let go of me! Release me this instant!” 
She was in a sealed room somewhere unknown.
At that moment, Sasha, still in her red dress, was banging loudly on the locked door. 
As for Kingston, he was standing right behind her. 
Squinting his eyes, Sebastian roared immediately, “Eddie, what are you trying to do? Are you even a man to get a lady involved? If you have the guts, you should fight me man to man!” 
“No, you’re wrong. Against you, I want to keep your seven inches in check.” 
The insidious voice rang out from the screen. 
Sebastian face suddenly lost all color. 
Jumping to his feet, he wanted to dash out at once. However, when he saw Sasha on the screen, he noticed the bright red spots underneath her striking red dress. 
The sight shook him to the core. 
“Look carefully, Sebastian. The explosives on your wife have been triggered. If you want to save her, you must get everyone in the museum to stop moving. Once I have killed everyone and left, I will then release her.” 
That old b*stard is as venomous as a viper! 
He used Sasha to threaten Sebastian but didn’t want to take his life directly. 
Instead, he wanted Devin and Karl to stop their actions so that he could massacre everyone before sparing Sasha. 
Why is he doing this?
###Chapter 1245
Chapter 1245
Chapter 1245 How To Save You 
Can it be that once the deed is done, he wants to blame it on me and destroy the Jadeson family once again? And this time, I wouldn’t be able to escape a court-martial? He is looking to kill two birds with one stone! This old man is as vicious as expected. There is no one else in this world that can rival him in plotting and scheming. 
Sebastian eyes reddened at the thought. 
With his face pale as a sheet, he clenched his fists so tightly that his knuckles let out a bone-chilling crack. 
“Mr. Hayes…” 
When the members of SteelFort who were keeping watch outside came in, they were shocked and angered by what they saw. 
However, even though their boss’ bloodshot eyes were filled with murderous rage, they were relieved when he finally took a deep breath and closed his eyes. 
Sebastian ordered, “Find Karl and tell him to show Eddie’s men no mercy at all.” 
“Yes!” 
“Also, tell Devin that I am giving him two minutes to evacuate everyone to a safe place. He has to get it done by then!” 
Word by word, Sebastian uttered them as he seethed. 
Two minutes?
The other member of SteelFort, who was still awaiting orders, couldn’t help but feel puzzled. 
Why two minutes? Also, given Mrs. Hayes’ dire circumstances, how is he going to save her by sending everyone out? 
He began to worry. 
However, he chose not to question, given that he was a subordinate who obeyed without question. Finally, he, too, set off and disappeared at the entrance. After which, he dove into the intense battle. 
When Sebastian saw that there was no longer anyone around, he pulled open the drawer and grabbed the handgun in it. Soon, he, too, disappeared from the room. 
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to save Sasha, but he was aware that he needed to do it himself. 
As he darted down the steps with a gun in his hand, he kept an intent eye on his watch. Every step he took, he made sure it was done in less than 0.1 seconds. 
Bam! 
“Be careful!” 
Suddenly, a gunshot rang out. 
Before he could react, someone grabbed his shoulder and forcefully dragged him to the side. 
“What the hell are you doing? Who asked you to come down here?” It was Karl. When he saw the members of SteelFort coming out earlier, he was struck by an ominous feeling. Hence, he quickly hurried back. 
“Mr. Hayes, what in the world are you trying to do? I heard that the old b*stard had hacked into the security cameras. What did he say to you?”
“I have no time to explain!” Sebastian bellowed as he reached out to shove Karl aside. 
Realizing the urgency of the situation, Karl let him pass and followed behind instead. 
“It’s fine if you don’t want to tell me. In that case, I’ll follow you and watch your back.” 
Given how loyal Karl was as a bodyguard, he decided that was the best way he could protect his employer. 
However, Sebastian paid no heed to him as he seemed to be desperately searching for something. 
As time continued to tick by, the frustration within him began to grow when he didn’t manage to find any clues. 
With a pale look on his face, he began to break out in cold sweat. 
Bam! 
Karl caught up with Sebastian after killing another bandit. 
“Mr. Hayes, what are you looking for? You can’t go any further. Or else, we will end up in the center of their range of fire.” 
Oblivious to what Karl had said, Sebastian picked up his pace instead. 
Just when they were about to turn a corner, a barrage of bullets whizzed in their directions. As if by reflex, Karl gave Sebastian a forceful push to the side. 
Thump! 
“Ooof!”
Sebastian grunted the same time he forcefully bumped into the staircase’s railing. 
Did he hurt himself in the crash? 
After making quick work of his foes, Karl gave Sebastian a puzzled look. 
He was indeed concerned. Although Sebastian wasn’t as formidable on the battlefield as he was, he wouldn’t have exclaimed in pain just from knocking into the railing. 
“Mr. Hayes, are you…” 
Holding onto his chest, Sebastian parted his paled lips as he shouted, “Quick, it’s just right in front. Sasha is being locked inside there.” 
Karl’s eyebrows jumped at the news. 
He helped Sebastian up at once before both of them dashed further below. 
However, the closer they got to their destination, the weaker Sebastian became. When they reached the ground floor, they headed in the direction of the coffin section of the museum. 
“Mmm…” 
Sebastian finally stumbled on his feet. 
“Mr. Hayes, what… what’s wrong? Are you…” 
“Karl… ignore me and go and save her quickly. She should be in one of those rooms. Also, she is strapped with Eddie’s newly invented explosives with a two-minute detonation time. As of now… one minute and fifteen seconds have passed. Go quickly…”
Sebastian began to feel excruciating pain in his head. 
It was the same sensation he felt when traversing the undulating mountain roads of Bellridge. He felt as if something was about to be torn out of him. 
The pain was so overwhelming that his vision started to fade. 
The radiation from nuclear waves was extremely intense. Even though it was just a small packet of explosives, Eddie’s newly invented weapon could unleash a massive nuclear wave upon detonation. 
Karl had no doubts about that. 
Upon hearing Sebastian’s words, he raised the gun in his hand and kicked down the room doors one by one.
###Chapter 1246
Chapter 1246
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1246 
Bang! 
The moment Karl kicked the third door open, he saw the figure in the room. 
However, before he could step in, there was an explosive sound, and an inferno burst out from within. The colossal force sent him flying out of the room. 
Sebastian stood stunned on his spot. 
Before he had a chance to react, the heatwave from the explosion rushed toward him. 
In an instant, he heard a buzzing noise, and a sudden force propelled him, who had difficulty standing, two to three meters in the air before sending him crashing to the floor. 
Thud! 
A string of red liquid seeped out of his mouth, and his mind was at a loss. 
How can this be? 
He lay on the ground, watching a roaring flame burn the ceiling to embers. His eyes remained dazed for a long time. 
There was neither joy nor pain on his face. 
Furthermore, it felt as if his brain had shut down completely, leaving it dark and empty. He could not feel anything, not even pain. 
“Sebastian! Sebastian!” Devin heard an explosion and led people to where Sebastian was.
A horrifying sight instantly appeared before him. Devin’s expression turned to shock, and he dashed at rocket speed toward Sebastian, who was lying on the floor. 
“Sebastian? Are you all right? Why are you here? Didn’t I tell you to wait at the top?” Devin’s voice trembled when he saw the wounds all over Sebastian’s body and blood seeping out of his mouth. 
Still, Sebastian did not say anything but stared above him in a daze. After a long while, he finally moved the corner of his lips. 
“What did you say?” Devin asked. 
“The flower bloomed.” Devin leaned close to Sebastian and heard such senseless words from his mouth. 
Devin was stunned. 
At this moment, a member of Devin’s team found Karl at the explosion site and shouted immediately, “Major, Mr. Frost sustained severe injuries from the explosion!” 
“What?” Devin was shocked. 
He immediately ordered someone to watch over Sebastian. Then, he carried a gun and rushed to Karl’s position. 
The explosion site was a complete mess. Devin saw a bloodied Karl lying unmovingly in a corner. It was hard to tell whether he was alive. 
Furthermore… 
When he looked into the intensely burning room, he suddenly noticed someone lying on the floor.
He saw something horrifying as he looked more closely. Devin saw half of a human corpse with its arms and legs missing. 
“Follow me in!” Devin gestured to his men and rushed in. 
However, when he turned the body over, it was the person he least expected. 
“Kingston?” He was so shocked that his pupils constricted. 
I’m sure that this person is Kingston. However, it’s no longer a person but a corpse. Furthermore, the corpse is incomplete. 
Devin looked at the blood and gore all over the floor. He came here from an intense gun battle but seeing such a bloody scene caused his heart to sink. 
Knock… Knock, knock… 
At this moment, a series of knocking sounds appeared within the explosion-wrecked room. 
Devin looked up instantly toward the source of the knocking sound. He realized that they came from a coffin under the rubble. 
The coffin was scarlet-red. The force of the explosion had flung upside down and buried it beneath cement debris and steel bars. 
If not for the knocking sound, one would never notice the coffin. 
“Both of you, come here!” Devin ordered. 
Devin walked to the rubble and confirmed that the sound came from inside the coffin. Therefore, he immediately instructed his two subordinates to pull the said coffin from the debris together.
They pulled hard and removed the coffin from beneath the rubble. Devin tried to lift the bottom of the said coffin. Suddenly, he heard a weak voice from within. “Help! Help!” 
Who is in there? 
Devin immediately asked his two subordinates to lift the bottom of the coffin with him. 
He planned to turn over the coffin. 
Unfortunately, despite three young and strong soldiers putting in all their strength, they failed to turn the coffin over. No one knew what it was made of, making it so heavy that they could not turn it over. 
“Major, this won’t do. The coffin is made from unusual materials. I suggest we try lifting the bottom part to create an opening, so the person within it can come out,” suggested one of Devin’s subordinates. 
“I agree,” the other subordinate chimed in. 
Upon hearing their suggestions, Devin immediately instructed them to lift each end of the coffin while he knelt at the opening. 
“Miss, can you hear me? If we lift the bottom of the coffin to form an opening, do you have the strength to climb out?” Devin asked. 
“Yes…” A weak female voice came from within. 
Devin was stunned for a moment. 
That voice sounds a little familiar. 
However, he could not afford to spend time pondering over it. The moment he heard her consent, he stood up immediately and lifted the coffin with his subordinates.
###Chapter 1247
Chapter 1247
Chapter 1247 He Cried Like A Baby 
Finally, with the effort of three men, they lifted the bottom of the coffin sufficiently to form a small opening for a person to climb through. Then, he saw a woman with long hair and a red dress climb out from it. 
His eyes widened in shock. 
“Sasha!” His exclaim reverberated throughout the room. 
The woman that climbed out of the coffin was indeed Sasha. The very woman that Sebastian did not hesitate to use the metal plates in his body to conduct nuclear waves to find her. 
It turned out that she was alive. 
Someone pushed her into the coffin right before the explosion. 
Sasha lay on the floor and gasped when she saw the wreckage and destruction above her. 
She almost lost her life here. 
Devin watched her from the side. When her breathing finally calmed down, he helped her stand up slowly. 
“How were you stuck in the coffin? What happened here?” Devin asked. 
“I…” Sasha suddenly remembered what happened when someone pushed her into the coffin. “The explosive tied around my body activated suddenly. I wanted to run out of the room, but the door won’t open. Then, Kingston suddenly untied the explosives from me and pushed me into this millennium ebony coffin…”
At this point, Sasha suddenly realized that Kingston was missing. 
Therefore, she quickly turned around to look for him, only to see a corpse with half of its parts missing and a severed leg. 
Furthermore, there were bloodied remains all over the place. 
She began to retch but tried to stop herself from vomiting. 
Unfortunately, she could not resist and vomited as she pressed her hand against her chest. 
Devin did not know what to say to her. 
However, just as he thought to say something, someone stumbled to the door. 
It was Sebastian. He trembled violently upon seeing Sasha. His heart beat rapidly and pumped blood all over his body, making him seem alive again. 
“Darling!” He ran and stumbled into the room. 
This tall and intimidating man suddenly seemed like a child when he rushed toward Sasha. Tears rolled down from his eyes. 
Sasha was still vomiting, but she stopped when she suddenly heard a familiar voice. 
“Sebby…” She stood up and ran to Sebastian with tears flowing down her cheeks. 
Soon, Sebastian finally reached Sasha. He pulled her hard into his embrace and hugged her tightly. It seemed as if he was trying to mold her against his body. 
“Thank… Thank God you’re alive. Darling, I swear that I’ll never let you out of my sight again.” Sebastian continued to hug Sasha tightly.
He was a strong and intimidating man. However, at this moment, waves of emotions rolled deep within him like turbulent waters, sweeping him away in joy, fear, and gratefulness. 
Various emotions assailed him at once, causing his voice to quiver as he buried his face in her hair. 
Sasha hugged him back tightly. 
She pressed her face against his chest and listened to his strong and rapid heartbeat. She was unable to calm down for a long time. 
Death nearly separated them forever. 
They remained in each other’s embrace for more than ten minutes. When Devin saw that Sebastian and Sasha had become calmer, he interrupted, “Sebastian, this body is Kingston’s. What should we do with him?” 
Upon hearing Devin, Sasha turned in Sebastian’s embrace to look at the horrifying sight. Her face instantly turned pale. 
She bit her lips and forced her eyes to remain open. 
“Sebby, can we bring him back? Thanks to him, I came out unscathed this time. He removed the explosives from me and pushed me into the coffin. So, can we please bring him back to the Jadeson residence? After all, he is a Jadeson,” Sasha pleaded with eyes full of tears. 
She recognized Kingston as a Jadeson once more. 
Previously, when Eddie abducted her and imprisoned her in the old Durant residence in Xenhall, she was furious and disappointed to see Kingston there. 
Throughout her imprisonment, she kept scolding him severely.
It was because what he did was a betrayal to all the Jadesons, including his mother. 
Now, she wanted to bring him home. She had promised his mother to bring him back to the Jadeson residence. 
In the end, Sebastian agreed to her request. 
Therefore, Devin wrapped up the body properly. 
By the time they came out of the room, Eddie’s men were annihilated, and the museum guests had long dispersed. At the same time, the local police force arrived. 
Devin went to deal with them. After that, he brought Sebastian, Sasha, and his team back to Jadeborough. 
After a series of calamities, a hard-earned peace followed. 
Sebastian sustained radiation from nuclear waves again, so he could not help but fall into a deep sleep right after they boarded the plane.
###Chapter 1248
Chapter 1248
Chapter 1248 The Flower Bloomed 
Sasha kept watch by his side. 
Even in his sleep, he refused to release her hand. 
Devin saw them from the side and hesitated for a moment. In the end, he decided to ask Sasha. “Sasha, where were you imprisoned all this while?” 
Sasha answered, “In the old Durant residence in Xenhall.’ 
“The old Durant residence?” Devin exclaimed suddenly. “So, it was as Sebastian thought. You were really in the old Durant residence!” 
What? 
It was Sasha’s turn to be shocked. 
She looked at Devin and asked puzzledly, “Since you all knew that I was there, why didn’t you go to Xenhall straightaway? Why did you go to the museum instead?” 
“Sebastian said that since the old Durant residence is Eddie’s headquarter, there is no way of knowing how many traps he set there. Therefore, it would give us more advantage to go to the museum instead,” Devin answered. 
“But that old b*stard beat you at your own game,” Sasha said. 
“Yes!” Devin’s expression turned ashen at this point. 
It was because they lost so many innocent lives in this operation. Furthermore, Karl was now in a coma. They weren’t sure if he would survive.
“We underestimated that b*stard,” Devin said. 
“Yes, what do you think he will do next? Previously, Kingston mentioned that he wanted to get me into the White House using my identity as Judith’s granddaughter. Then, he planned to use me to get Sebastian to become the president.” Sasha suddenly remembered these. 
Devin was stunned. “Does he want Sebastian to be the president? Why? Since he wants to usurp Sebastian’s position, why does he plan to make him the president?” 
“It doesn’t make sense, right?” Sasha frowned and had a confused expression as she thought of this. 
It is unbelievable. Why would someone who wanted to be the ruler give away the position he worked so hard for to his enemy? What is the reason behind this? 
The cabin suddenly fell silent. 
Sasha and Devin were both in deep thoughts over this matter. However, neither of them could solve this mystery. 
They remained in silence for the rest of the journey until the plane landed in Jadeborough. 
“Both of you should return to Oceanic Estate. I’ll bring Karl to the hospital and go to the military base to report the incident in Xenhall,” Devin said. 
After getting off the plane, Devin arranged for someone to send Sasha and Sebastian to Oceanic Estate. However, he did not join them as he needed to deal with some matters. 
Moments later, Sasha and Sebastian arrived at Oceanic Estate. 
“Mr. and Mrs. Jadeson, you’ve finally returned!” The moment Sasha and Sebastian’s car arrived at the door, Olivia and the others rushed out to them.
Olivia shed tears of relief the moment she saw them. 
However, Sasha did not have time to stay and chat. Since Sebastian was still asleep, she needed someone to carry him to his room. 
At this moment, another person suddenly came out of Oceanic Estate. He ran out breathlessly the instant he saw Sasha and Sebastian. “My goodness, both of you are finally back. How are you? Are you all right?” 
Is that Edmund? 
Sasha looked at the person and frowned slightly. “Mr. Cooper, why are you here?” 
“Ah?” Edmund blinked in surprise. “Devin asked me to be here. There was no one around to take care of his wife and kid after he left. So, he asked me to come over.” 
Edmund had a playful smile and behaved as if he had no choice but to be here at Devin’s request. 
Sasha was stunned for a moment. As she had just escaped death, her face remained pale. 
Is Devin an idiot? How can he ask this person to care for his wife and daughter? Doesn’t he know that Edmund desires them? 
Sasha felt a little pain in her chest. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, are you okay?” Olivia asked. 
“I’m fine. I’m just a little tired. Olivia, can you get someone to bring Mr. Jadeson to the room and help me call Dr. Wallen here.” Sasha forced down the anger in her heart as she gave Olivia instructions.
Sasha was quite tired even though the explosive did not injure her. Although Kingston pushed her into the coffin, she still suffered from the force of the explosion. 
Kingston… 
Sasha could not help thinking about him after entering the house. 
That night, the family finally reunited in Oceanic Estate after a long time. Thus, the house and the garden shone brightly with lamps. 
Grayson came by. As he examined Sebastian, who remained unconscious on the bed, his expression turned to shock. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen such symptoms.” 
“What do you mean?” Sasha’s face went pale upon hearing him. 
What did he mean he had never seen it before? Is he… 
“Please don’t worry. I meant that Sebastian’s symptoms are similar to Devin’s after his resurrection. Devin said a nuclear wave sniper bullet that Eddie developed injured him. However, why is Sebastian like this too?” Grayson explained. 
“Huh?” Sasha was stunned by his question. 
Sebastian sustained radiation in a nuclear power plant in Bellridge. However, he did not tell her about it, so she did not know. 
Could it be caused by the explosives on my body? 
Sasha rubbed her chest and back. She was still quite sore there.
###Chapter 1249
Chapter 1249
Chapter 1249 Jaena Called Him Dad 
The following day, Sebastian felt much better when he woke up. 
“Sebby, we should arrange a time to go to the hospital to remove your steel plates. Dr. Wallen came by yesterday. I’ve discussed with him, and he said that they can be removed now.” Sasha immediately brought up the matter when she noticed that Sebastian had woken up. 
Last night, she waited until Devin was back to ask him about this matter. 
Sebastian pursed his lips before nodding with a hint of guilt. “Fine, I’ll leave it to you to arrange.’ 
Then, Sasha and Sebastian went downstairs. 
Meanwhile, the sun shone brightly on the castle since early morning, giving it a summerly feel. Meanwhile, dew-covered flowers were in full bloom, turning the garden into a beautiful sight. 
Devin had not headed to the military base. Instead, he was playing with his daughter, Jaena, in the garden. 
Devin wore a military camouflage uniform. He had placed Jaena on a stone table in the garden. At this moment, he was coaxing her with candy, hoping that she would call him dad. “Come here, Jaena. Call me dad.” 
How absurd! She’s just a baby. How can she call him dad? 
Meanwhile, Sabrina had just finished washing her daughter’s clothes and was drying them. 
Then, she went to look for Devin and Jaena and snorted upon seeing the scene. 
“Are you dumb? She’s just a baby. How can she call you dad?”
“Da… Dada…” Unexpectedly, this eight-month-old baby made those noises innocently. 
“Did you hear that? She did it! She called me Dad!” Devin jumped up excitedly. 
He flaunted it to Sabrina happily. Devin was the leader of an army. Yet, he seemed like a boy in his excitement. 
On the other hand, Sabrina was a little annoyed. 
It’s unfair! I raised this little girl myself all this while, yet she did not learn to say mom first but called Devin dad instead. 
She couldn’t help but feel aggrieved. 
However, when she saw Devin and Jaena laughing under the warm sunlight, all her anger disappeared, and she smiled. 
There was nothing more important than a family living together happily. 
“Sab, Devin, both of you are here.” Sasha and Sebastian both came downstairs at this moment. 
They were heading toward Sabrina and the others when they saw them laughing happily in the garden. 
“Yes, we are going to have breakfast, so I came here to get them. Have you two had breakfast? Do you want to have it together?” Sabrina turned to Sasha and Sebastian. 
Sasha did not say anything but went to play with Jaena. 
On the other hand, Sebastian nodded upon hearing Sabrina. Then, he turned to Devin, who was holding Jaena, and said, “Isn’t that old man coming back today? Are you going to pick him up?” 
That’s right! I almost forgot such an important matter.
Therefore, Devin quickly handed Jaena to Sasha before leaving the garden with Sebastian. 
“Are you going with me?” Devin asked. 
“Why should I?” Sebastian glanced at him indifferently. “I’m going to visit Karl. Also, I will be making a trip up the mountain to meet with Shin.” 
Sebastian had a grouchy and exasperated expression while he was speaking. 
Devin smiled wryly but did not say anything. 
He knew why Sebastian had such expression. They had gone to great lengths to plan against Eddie, only to lose to him in the end. 
Furthermore, Sasha nearly died. 
Therefore, for a proud man like Sebastian, it was utter humiliation. It made him furious. 
Thus, since Eddie told him his secret, Sebastian turned his anger on Shin, his biological father. 
Damn old geezer! Why didn’t he tell me anything since he knows so much? 
After breakfast, Sebastian drove his car and left. 
Devin also left to go to the military base. 
After the men left, Sasha and Sabrina were left with each other’s company. Sabrina busied herself with taking care of her daughter. 
Meanwhile, Sasha led the housemaids to ready the house to welcome Jonathan. 
Beep! Beep!
As everyone was busy, suddenly, a car’s honk sounded outside. 
Olivia walked out to check who it was. “Oh, it’s you, Mr. Cooper. What brings you here so early today?” 
“Why do you ask? Do you cease to welcome me now that Mr. Jadeson is back? Are you not going to let me in now?” Edmund asked as he got out of the car. 
He wore a pair of sunglasses and dressed like a fashionable rich young man. When he heard Olivia’s question, his expression turned gloomy. 
Seeing his expression, Olivia did not dare to say anything else. 
“That’s not true, Mr. Cooper. You have misunderstood me. I believe you must be tired after helping out here in the past few days, so I thought you would be resting at your home today,” Olivia said. 
“This is not the time to rest. Isn’t Old Mr. Jadeson back today? I’m here to help out,” Edmund replied. 
Then, he shut the car door, tossed the car keys, and whistled as he walked in. 
He walked so fast that Olivia did not have the chance to inform him that Devin had left. 
Edmund walked into the house. When he came to the living room, he saw Jaena running around in her baby walker.
###Chapter 1250
Chapter 1250
Chapter 1250 Father And Son Reunion 
“Hehehe…” 
“Look at you laughing so happily. Jaena, look who’s here?” 
Edmund suddenly whipped out a colorful toy from behind him and started to wave at the child. 
Little Jaena was still hopping around in her baby walker. She turned around as she heard her name being called out by a familiar voice. 
“Wahh!” the toddler made an excited noise. 
She instantly recognized this face and quickly let out an excited wail before paddling her little legs toward Edmund. 
Edmund returned a bright smile at the child as he crouched down next to her. 
After playing with Jaena for a while, Edmund planned to take her upstairs to her mother. 
Just then, Sasha, who had been keeping busy in the garden, walked in on them. 
“Hi Mr. Cooper. It’s very early of you.” 
She was a little startled by the man’s unannounced visit to Oceanic Estate at this time of the day. Her beautiful brows furrowed slightly. 
Edmund’s body stiffened instantly in Sasha’s presence. 
“Oh, about that. Devin said that he was going to fetch Old Mr. Jadeson today. So I just came over to see if you guys needed a hand?”
“Oh, I see. I think we’re good here. He’s already off to the military base. Um, why are you holding the baby? This is Olivia’s job. Olivia?” Sasha turned around and called out loudly. 
Before Edmund had a chance to explain the situation, Olivia was already rushing over to their side. 
“Is something the matter, Mrs. Jadeson?” 
“Where have you been? And why did you leave Jaena with Mr. Cooper? Your priority should be looking after her. Other chores can wait. How could you expect Mr. Cooper to care for a little toddler all by himself?” Sasha reprimanded Olivia while removing Jaena from Edmund’s arm. 
Olivia apologized and hurried away with Jaena, leaving Edmund in an awkward situation. He was at a loss of what to do next. 
“Well, I probably should…” 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Cooper. Everyone seems to be quite occupied this morning. That’s why they have overlooked Jaena. I’m also in the middle of tidying up Grandpa’s room. Since you’re here, would you like to give me a hand?” 
“Oh, I’m sorry. I’ve actually got to go soon,” the man instantly rejected the offer. 
Who am I kidding with? She’s Sebastian’s wife. And Sebastian is one of the most fearsome men in the Jadeson family. No one in their right mind would dare to work alongside her. 
Edmund left the Oceanic Estate not long after. 
Right after he left, Sasha called upon all the housemaids and bodyguards in the estate. 
“Listen up. From now onward, unless Mr. Jadeson and I are around, no one is to let Mr. Cooper into this estate. Understand?”
“Yes, Madam!” 
After making sure her command was understood by everyone, Sasha got back to her work. 
Sebastian arrived at the Aquene Temple. 
It had been a while since Sebastian’s last visit to this temple. The minor refurbishment did not alter the peacefulness of this place in the middle of a forest. As it was summer season, different shades of green started to emerge on the aged maple tree next to the temple. 
Sebastian sat cross-legged in the pavilion with Shin. 
But instead of playing chess like last time, the two were slowly sipping on tea. 
“Grandpa is coming back soon. Aren’t you going to pay him a visit?” 
“I don’t think so. I’m a monk. I shouldn’t continue to entangle myself with all sorts of relationships in your world,” the old monk said peacefully. 
Sebastian snickered. “I was told that you didn’t become a monk out of your own will. If that’s really the case, who could blame you if you decide to return to a secular life now?” 
Shin was at a loss of words all of a sudden. 
What’s with this sudden outburst? This kid is here to stir me up. 
Setting down his teacup, the old monk finally broke the silence. “So, tell me. Are you here to ask about Eddie Limmer?” 
Shin had seen through his son’s intention. After all, he was an intelligent person. He did not expect any less from his son.
Instead of answering Shin’s question, Sebastian just stared straight at him. Shin got his answer through Sebastian’s piercing eyes. 
The old monk let out a long sigh and slowly spoke, “Fine. I’ll tell you what I know. But don’t be too hopeful. Eddie was a very cautious man, and he didn’t fully trust me with all the information all these years.” 
“Why is that?” Sebastian’s tense expression finally eased up slightly. 
Shin smiled ruefully. “Maybe because he thought I was somewhat of a loose cannon. That’s why he wouldn’t trust me with the top secrets.” 
“So what do you know?” Sebastian chose to skip over the part where Shin was apparently out of control. He would have been in his early thirties at that time. For someone who was so high up the military leadership ladder, I wonder what was done to him if he was deemed not compliant.
###Chapter 1251
Chapter 1251
Chapter 1251 The Truth 
Sebastian stopped himself from imagining the worst. 
He did not realize this, but his tone had taken on a softer note when he asked his father that last question. 
Shin took a sip of his tea and thought hard about how best to answer Sebastian’s question. 
“Eddie was a very clever person. For many years, he has single-handedly built up his massive underworld power. He trusted no one but himself.” 
Seeing Sebastian was keeping silent, Shin continued, “At one point, I started to suspect that Louis wasn’t as extraordinary as everyone thought he was. His younger brother, Eddie, was the key. What really got me thinking was that Eddie didn’t plan for any big movement in the beginning.” 
Sebastian was dumbstruck for a moment. 
What does he mean by Eddie didn’t plan for something big in the beginning? Does this mean when Louis rose to the highest commanding position, Eddie was still loyal to him? 
After a long pause, Shin finally let on what he had been analyzing for a few decades. “I suspect that has got to do with Judith’s death.” 
Shin’s sudden revelation had stunned Sebastian. 
“Are you telling me that old geezer had a thing for her?” His face was filled with disgust. 
Shin was flabbergasted, followed by slight amusement.
“No, that’s not what I meant. Judith was already married and had a daughter at that time. So that was not going to happen. What I meant to say was that she, too, was an intelligent and sharp-witted person. I’m sure you’re familiar with the historic battle of the North Sea?” 
Sebastian tried to recollect his memory. “Yes, I do. Isn’t that the most crucial battle during the independence war?” 
“That’s the one. In every history book, Louis was the brain and hero behind this critical battle, bringing victory to us all. But when you met Eddie, what did he say to you about this battle?” 
“Eddie?” Sebastian was slightly startled at the unexpected question directed at him. But he soon recalled the conversation he had with Eddie when the latter hacked into his security monitor last night. 
“That’s right. He said that even though Louis had led the military advancement, he was the one who had done most of the work. Eddie also mentioned Judith and said she knew everything. But now…” 
“That was him fooling himself. Judith was the one behind all the strategy-planning in the battle of the North Sea. I didn’t make this up. These were all clearly recorded in Louis’ note,” Shin said with a sneer on his face. 
This was the first time Sebastian had seen Shin losing his usual composure when relaying an incident. 
Sebastian was still in shock, trying to digest all the information dumped at him all at once. 
They won the battle because of Judith? In such a case, I really had misunderstood Eddie’s intention. He was not in love with her. The more probable explanation is that he was jealous of her. More so, he must have hated her for stealing his thunder. Eddie thought it was time for him to shine, to prove to everyone that he was worthy as a military leader. But that dream was crushed into pieces. That’s when he started to turn to the dark side, slowly plotting his revenge.
Suddenly, Sebastian felt a chill down his spine as a couple of ideas started to form in his mind. 
His hand trembled at that thought, causing the tea to spill from the cup. 
“What are you thinking about?” Shin asked calmly. 
After a long moment of silence, Sebastian looked deeply into his father’s eyes and asked carefully, “What about the death of Louis and Judith?” 
“I can’t say I’m sure. But think about it. As the founding father of this country, is it normal to find his corpse in an ice cave underneath this temple? And as for Judith, she had survived the war that had lasted for nearly ten years. But she suddenly died just as the North Sea battle was concluded and a new government was to be formed. Don’t you think that’s too much of a coincidence?” 
The old monk was no longer holding back. He was firing question after question at Sebastian. His expression was full of hatred and detestation. 
This was the first time he had let his emotion roam free after decades of keeping them in. After all, he had served a long while in the military. Traces of justice and fighting spirit would always remain in his blood no matter how much time had passed. 
Sebastian remained silent. But at that moment, the cup in his hand was on the verge of being crushed into pieces. Every fiber on Sebastian’s face was exuding a cold, chilling desire for bloodshed. 
“Don’t you worry. I’ll bring him here.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“I want him to return to where he belongs. Be it by the door of this temple or at the entry of hell. I want him torn into pieces!”
Crack! 
The cup in his hand finally broke into pieces. 
This was the last message sent out from him.
###Chapter 1252
Chapter 1252
Chapter 1252 Welcome Back 
When Sebastian came back from Aquene Temple, Devin had already brought Jonathan to the Oceanic Estate. 
With Jonathan around, the atmosphere of the Oceanic Estate became livelier. 
Once the people who were siding with the Jadesons heard that Jonathan was released, they all came to the Oceanic Estate to celebrate his return. 
As soon as Jonathan arrived at the Oceanic Estate, he was greeted with the sound of firecrackers. 
“Once you step over this brazier here, the Jadesons will return to its formal glory,” uttered Jared, who was standing beside the brazier. 
Gazing at Jonathan, Jared was getting emotional. He proceeded to sweep Jonathan’s body with a few mugwort leaves. 
There, there. Let’s get all that bad luck off of you. 
In retrospect, Jared realized how daft he was to have instigated the people at The Ataraxy. After the fall of the Jadesons, he became powerless. 
No one would even treat him to a meal anymore. 
After Jonathan stepped over the brazier, Jared quickly went to gather the guests. 
Inside the estate, Jonathan went into the garden to have a chit-chat with his close friends and old acquittances. Their conversation lasted till Sebastian came back. 
“Mr. Jadeson is back.”
Everyone in the garden suddenly became taciturn. 
Subsequently, they all turned toward Sebastian, who just come inside. 
They stared reverently at him as he approached the garden. 
Jonathan put down the cup of coffee in his hand and went to greet him. 
“You’re back.” 
“Yup,” Sebastian replied apathetically. 
What’s with the big party? I’m not really in the mood right now. 
Seeing the look on Sebastian’s face, Devin uttered, “You must be tired. You should get some rest upstairs. I’ll call you when it’s time to eat.” 
“Okay.” 
Sebastian’s face looked relieved. 
He then went upstairs without greeting anyone. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, it’s been rather rough for your grandson recently. We can’t fathom how much he has sacrificed for our country.” 
“Yeah. I heard that he was trapped in a hospital for several days because of that old man. What a poor soul. If it wasn’t for him, we’d be…” 
Everyone started to tear up. 
Fraught with guilt, Jonathan had a melancholy look on his face.
I’m sorry I failed you, Sebastian. Do know that I’m very proud of you. You’ve accomplished so much at such a young age. I’m glad that you’re my grandson. 
The party at the Oceanic Estate lasted till three o’clock in the afternoon. 
In the meantime, Sebastian was looking through the old documents that he got from Shin back at the Aquene Temple. 
Sasha, who was worried that Sebastian was hungry, went upstairs with a tray of food in her hands. 
“Sebby, what are you looking at? Here, you should eat something. Your body hasn’t fully recovered yet.” 
“Okay.” 
Sebastian placed the old documents aside before walking over to the table in front of Sasha. 
This looks nutritious. 
There’s medicinal soup in addition to my favorite beef steak. 
Even the honeydew on the side looks intricately prepared. 
“Eat up. These are all your favorites.” 
Sasha placed the tray on the table and sat down in front of him. Her eyes were brimming with anticipation. 
Glancing at the adorable look on her face, Sebastian was enraptured. 
After taking a seat, He cut a slice of the steak and fed it into Sasha’s mouth.
“Do I look handsome?” 
“Yes.” 
Sebastian lowered his head and started enjoying the steak. 
Sasha stared pensively at him while he was eating the steak. A while later, she uttered with gravitas, “Sebby, I have something to tell you.” 
Sebastian was stupefied. “What’s with the serious tone? Is something up?” 
Sasha frowned and responded, “It’s about Edmund. I feel like he’s trying to do something to Sab.” 
Sebastian stopped eating. 
What? 
He had a perplexed look on his face. “Did you find out something off about him? Edmund is Devin’s friend. They’re actually pretty close. Maybe there’s some kind of misunderstanding here?”
###Chapter 1253
Chapter 1253
Chapter 1253 She Is Not Yours 
Sasha shook her head. 
“No. He’s been trying to approach Sab for quite a while now. Back at the Aquene Temple, he didn’t notice that I knew he wasn’t Devin. He was acting rather intimate toward Sab.” 
Sebastian’s face turned ashen. “Is Sabrina cognizant of this?” 
Sasha sighed before answering, “I’m not sure. As you already know, Sab can be quite dense sometimes. That being said, she should know to stay away from Edmund. She’s been keeping her distance from him in the past when I wasn’t around.” 
“Also, about Devin. It seems like he has a lot of trust for Edmund. When you were busy rescuing me, he let Edmund take care of Sab at the Oceanic Estate. I really can’t believe he…” 
Sasha was reticent to say anything more. 
If Devin keeps on being this careless, Sab will unequivocally get taken away from him. 
With a minatory look on his face, Sebastian responded, “I understand now. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of this.” He then resumed to eat the beef steak. 
“Okay!” 
The vise that had been gripping Sasha’s heart all day long finally loosened up. 
That night, after all the guests were gone, Edmund was called to the study room by Sebastian. 
Mr. Jadeson is calling for me?
Upon hearing that Sebastian was asking for him, Edmund felt chills down his spine. 
Having composed himself, he strode toward the study room. 
A while later, Sasha, who was cleaning up with the housemaid in the living room, saw the ashen look on Edmund’s face as he exited the study room. 
He looked like a furtive villain who had just been exposed. 
Sasha kept on glaring at Edmund as he gloomily left the Oceanic Estate. 
It seems like he’s been taught a lesson. 
Sasha was delighted. 
After a few minutes, Devin was also called to the study room. 
“Sebastian, you asked for me?” 
“Yes. I’d like to know about your future arrangements for Edmund.” 
Sebastian went straight to the point. 
Devin truthfully replied, “I plan to move him to the senate. He’s been a great help to us during this quagmire. Without him, it’d be hard for us to take control of the Coopers’ family business.” 
“Hmm, I don’t think you should move him to the senate. He doesn’t possess the necessary qualifications for that yet. You should send him back to Yorksland for training first. This is to prevent people from thinking that you are misusing your authority,” replied Sebastian. 
Devin must’ve overlooked Edmund’s behavior due to his trust and gratitude for him.
After all, Edmund did help him out when he was in a plight. 
The two of them were the ones who killed Benedict back then. 
Hence, I can’t bring myself to tell Devin the truth about Edmund. It’d be a shame if the precious bond that they share gets broken just because of a woman. 
Devin had a bewildered look on his face. “With his current ability, I think he’s more than capable to handle a position at the senate. Honestly, I just want what’s best for him.” 
“Do you want the Jadesons to fall apart?” 
Sebastian gave Devin a frigid gaze to shut him up. 
Moments after Devin left the study room, he gave Edmund a call and informed him of the bad news. 
However, Edmund was rather nonchalant about the news. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina, who was lulling the kids to sleep, lifted her head up to glance at Devin. 
“Why are you calling him at this hour? You’re going to wake the kids. Hang up the call.” 
“Yes, Darling.” 
Devin gave Edmund a terse goodbye and hung up the phone. 
After Devin hung up the call, Edmund glanced around the desolated garden that he was in. 
His eyes looked lifeless and despondent. 
He then opened his smartphone and blocked all his recent contacts.
Later that night, he left Jadeborough. 
After fifteen days had passed, Jadeborough reverted to its usual bustling state. 
With that, the Jadesons were also doing very well. 
Seeing as such, Sasha wanted to visit the kids at Miralaea. 
“Sebby, I miss them a lot. Can I please go and see them? Don’t worry, I won’t bring them back here since that abhorrent old man is still on the loose.”
###Chapter 1254
Chapter 1254
Chapter 1254 Your Wife Is Pregnant 
Sebastian was contemplative. 
I can’t accompany her though since I’m quite busy these days. 
I’ve been running back and forth between the Aquene Temple and the Jadeson residence in hopes of locating the old man as soon as possible. 
That being said, it should be fine to let her visit the kids first. 
“Okay, you can go and see them first. Karl hasn’t recovered yet though. Who do you want your driver be?” 
“Uhh…” 
Sasha was in a quandary. 
Who should I choose? 
It’s very perilous to head outside alone since Eddie is still at liberty. 
Hence, I need a stalwart driver by my side. 
“How about me?” A deep voice was heard from outside the study room. 
Sasha lifted her head up to gaze at the person who was coming into the room. 
“You want to accompany me, Grandpa? But you…” 
“What? Am I not allowed to?”
Seeing the reluctant look on Sasha’s face, Jonathan was peeved. He scowled before adding on, “Let me tell you something. I was leading an army when these two were still in their mothers’ tummy. Are you doubting my capabilities?” 
“N-No, of course not…” 
Sasha was stuttering. 
That’s not what I meant. 
I’m just worried that his old age would get the better of him during our excursion. 
“Grandpa, that isn’t what I meant. I am merely…” 
“Just let him tag along. I’ll find a few strong men to accompany you two,” Sebastian cut her off. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Gazing at her face, Jonathan let out a grin. 
“See, even Sebastian is okay with me tagging along. I’ll go pack my things now. Tony, get the car ready for me. I need to head to Silvervale. 
Sasha let out a joyous smile. 
Vivi loves the desserts in Silvervale. 
In the end, Jonathan went with Sasha on her excursion to Miralaea. 
Upon hearing this news, Sabrina was overjoyed. She took out all the toys as well as clothes that she bought for her niece and nephew and handed them over to Sasha.
“Take these with you. The battleship figurines here are exclusive. Those two will definitely like them.” 
“Okay. Let me thank you on their behalf.” 
Sasha smiled brightly. 
She sure does love her niece and nephew. Back when she was still in the Hayes Residence, She would always watch over them. Moreover, she also put Vivi under her aegis when she was at the Oceanic Estate. 
Sabrina took out a strange looking box and gave it to Sasha. 
“There’s more? What is it?” 
“How could you not know what this is? It’s Vivian’s favorite thing, dolls. You dare call yourself a mother when you don’t even know what your daughter likes?” 
Sabrina glared at Sasha with contempt. 
Chagrined, Sasha lowered her head and accepted the box from Sabrina’s hands. 
When she opened the box, she saw several dolls that looked one of a kind. The dolls were exceptionally beautiful. 
“Pretty, right? Let me tell you something. Vivi is already nine years old. A girl her age would want to play with these types of dolls. The dolls here are custom-made for her,” Sabrina explained patiently. 
I’m such a good aunt. 
She put on a smug face.
Filled with gratitude, Sasha wanted to thank Sabrina once again. However, before she could, a pungent smell went into her nose and gave her the urge to puke. 
Sasha quickly covered her mouth and ran outside. 
Sabrina was baffled. 
What? 
Were the dolls that revolting? 
The dolls are made of agarwood and are very clean. 
Wait, could it be that she’s… 
The woman who was carrying a child raised her eyebrows and dashed outside. 
A few minutes later, Sebastian’s conversation with the people in the garden was interrupted by the same woman carrying a child. 
“Good news, Sebastian! Your wife is pregnant with another baby!” 
“What did you say?” 
Sebastian was incredulous. Is that really true? Or has she just gone gonzo? 
The woman continued on, “Your wife is pregnant! She puked in my room just now. I gave her a doll and she just puked. Why would a doll make her want to puke? She must be pregnant.”
###Chapter 1255
Chapter 1255
Chapter 1255 Pregnant 
Because of Sabrina’s big mouth, everyone at Oceanic Estate soon knew that Sasha could be pregnant. 
Jonathan was most enthusiastic about it, asking Sebastian to leave everything aside and bring Sasha to the hospital for a check-up right away. 
Sebastian and Sasha went speechless. 
At last, the couple went out from Oceanic Estate. 
On the way, Sebastian hesitated for a long time before asking gingerly, “Darling, are you really pregnant?” 
If she is really pregnant, I’ll be over the moon. 
The biggest regret he had was not being able to be there when his children were born. There were times when he woke up in the middle of the night, full of remorse while gazing at the woman beside him. 
Therefore, if she was pregnant again, he was willing to kneel and bow his head all the way to Aquene Temple to express his gratitude. 
However, the woman next to him seemed to be at a loss. 
“I’m not sure. Logically speaking, I don’t have the ability to conceive anymore. After giving birth to the three of them, Dr. Kaye told me my womb was damaged, so I wouldn’t be able to get pregnant again.” 
Sebastian remained silent.
“Besides, I was gravely injured after falling off the cliff. Every bone in my body was broken, and my organs were impaired as well. How could I still get pregnant then?” 
Sasha described her health condition in detail. 
As she spoke, the man’s gleeful and excited expression fell gradually. 
He could not disguise his disappointment, but he said nothing and continued driving towards the hospital. 
Half an hour later, Grayson was stupefied for a long while after meeting the couple and hearing the news. 
“Can you still give birth?” 
What did he mean? 
Sebastian’s expression turned grim at once. “Just ignore him. Let’s head to the gynecology department.” 
Then he took Sasha away. 
After her explanation about her health condition, the couple did not have high hopes for the matter. Much to their surprise, Sasha’s medical report showed a positive result. 
Sasha could not contain her astonishment, utterly nonplussed. 
Sebastian could not understand the report. Seeing that she fell silent after reading the report, he questioned anxiously, “How is it? Tell me please.” 
After a long while, she finally pulled herself together and turned to gaze at the man with teary eyes.
“I’m really pregnant… Sebby, you’re going to be a father again.” 
Thud! 
Everything in his hands dropped onto the floor. 
His chest heaved vigorously. The man in his thirties was in seventh heaven, not knowing how to respond. Soon, tears of joy escaped the corners of his eyes. 
“Really? I-I’m going to be a father. Darling, I’m going to be a father again!” 
He wrapped his arms around her tightly. 
Once the good news was confirmed, everyone at Oceanic Estate was thrilled. 
After going through a time of adversity, they were delighted by the arrival of the little one, feeling that their lives were about to get better. 
Even Shin at Aquene Temple sent them a self-made red amulet after hearing the news. 
“Hmph!” 
Jonathan snorted the second he saw it. 
Sasha felt a little abashed, but Sebastian took the amulet and put it on for her gently. 
“Since you’re pregnant, let’s not go to Miralaea. After some time, when things are fine here, I’ll get the three little ones back.” 
“Yeah, you shouldn’t go. It’ll be tiring to travel when you’re pregnant. You need to rest well,” Jonathan chimed in immediately.
In the end, the Miralaea trip was postponed, and Sasha concentrated on taking good care of herself and the baby. 
She was experienced in this, as she had been nursed well by Frederick back then in the Hayes Residence and had gone for prenatal check-up monthly, too. 
“Sigh. How blessed are you! You have a prenatal check-up every month, unlike me when I was pregnant… Tsk, tsk…” 
Sabrina could not help poking fun at Sasha when she saw the gynecologist visiting the latter so frequently. 
Sasha was amused. 
“Ms. Sabrina, no one stopped you from getting your monthly prenatal check-up. The father of your child did not even know about your pregnancy.” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless, glaring at her. 
In her arms, Jaena giggled loudly. 
This little rascal! 
The woman stomped away with the child in her arms. 
Sasha shook her head helplessly. 
After the examination, the gynecologist glanced at the sisters-in-law with envy. 
“Mrs. Hayes, I really envy your relationship with Mrs. Jadeson. Despite the banters, you are really close to each other.”
“That’s how a family should be,” Sasha replied. 
Afterward, she casually picked up a report beside the gynecologist. 
“Wow, the reading is so high.” 
The woman was perplexed when she saw one of the figures.
###Chapter 1256
Chapter 1256
Chapter 1256 A Warm Jade 
The gynecologist quickly explained, “Yes, the reading is supposed to be higher during the first trimester, as the fetus has just implanted itself into the womb. Females’ hormones work differently. It’ll return to normal once your body gets used to it.” 
Ah, I see. 
Putting down the report, Sasha did not ask further. 
In the following months, she stayed at Oceanic Estate. Sebastian rarely went out as well. It seemed like he wanted to keep her company throughout the entire pregnancy until the baby was born. 
She was not worried about the chaos going on outside because she believed Sebastian must have made necessary arrangements. 
Two months later, Sasha’s pregnancy had progressed to its third month. 
“Darling, your dad and uncle want to visit us. Do you want them to come?” 
“What? Can they come?” 
Lying on a chair at the observation tower while eating fruit, Sasha sat up as soon as she heard him. Her eyes were gleaming brightly. 
Right then, she felt a cramp in her belly. 
She was stunned for a few seconds. 
“Darling?”
Sebastian was peeling some fruit. Her sudden silence made him tilt his head to glance at her. 
Sasha paused briefly, wanting to say something. Touching her belly, she found it perfectly fine, as if the cramp just now was only an illusion. 
Perhaps it was just my imagination. 
Sasha regained her composure. “Yeah. When are they coming? Can we really bring them here now?” 
“Sure, don’t worry. As long as you’re happy, they can even stay here,” the man consoled her calmly. 
Since he’s alright with it, I have nothing to worry about. 
Sasha was beaming with joy. 
Sebastian was indeed efficient. Two days later, Rufus, Jackson, and his wife were brought over to Oceanic Estate. 
“Dad, Uncle Jackson, Aunt Sharon, I’m so glad to see you!” 
Meeting her family after such a long time, she launched herself into her father’s arms with red-rimmed eyes. 
Rufus’ eyes misted over as well. 
However, he held himself back and only patted her shoulders because there were many people around them at this unfamiliar place. 
“Alright, alright. You’re a grownup already. Stop acting like a child and be careful. Don’t forget you’re pregnant now.” 
“Okay.”
Sasha let him go bashfully. 
That night, they had a feast at Oceanic Estate, chattering away merrily. The dinner went on for hours. 
Feeling fatigued because of her pregnancy, Sasha went upstairs to her room with Sharon after dinner. 
“I can tell that you’re having a good life here. I’m happy for you.” 
After exploring Oceanic Estate, Sharon noticed everyone treated Sasha well. A look of relief appeared on her face. 
At her words, a wave of warm, fuzzy feeling washed over Sasha. 
“Aunt Sharon, I’m sorry for making you worried previously.” 
“What is there to worry about? As long as your husband is around, everything will be fine. Now that you’re pregnant, you must take great care of yourself, so he won’t be worried, alright?” Sharon reminded her. 
Judging from her words about Sebastian, the woman was shrewd and sharp-witted. 
Nevertheless, she seemed a little downhearted after speaking, as she was reminded that her daughter passed away because of Sebastian. 
“Aunt Sharon, what are you thinking about?” 
“Nothing. By the way, I’ve brought you a gift. It has been passed down for generations of the Blackwood family .” 
With that, she fished out an item wrapped in a yellow towel.
Sasha’s curiosity was piqued. 
It’s been passed down for generations? Why does she give it to me? I’m not one of the Blackwoods. 
Meanwhile, Sharon had unwrapped it. On the yellow towel lay a long needle with a red stone at its tip. 
“What’s this?” 
“It’s a bloodstone from the nineteenth century. Have you heard of it?” 
Sharon held it in her hand and pointed at a few words engraved on the item. 
A bloodstone? 
Sasha’s mouth hung open in disbelief. 
Of course she had heard of it. Dr. Kaye told her there was an incredibly accurate method to detect poisons in the olden days using a bloodstone and a needle. 
As soon as the needle was inserted into a human body, it could detect whether the person had been poisoned in no time. 
Unfortunately, this technique was lost in history. 
There were only a very limited number of these devices. In fact, no one in the modern era had seen it. 
“Aunt Sharon, are you kidding me? How is this possible? It’s been lost in history for centuries. How did you get it?” 
Sasha could not believe her eyes.
Sharon stared at her as though she were an idiot. “Why not? The Blackwood family has had it for a long time. Have you heard the rumor that it can detect poisons?” 
“Mmm… Is that not the case?” 
Sasha was embarrassed.
###Chapter 1257
Chapter 1257
Chapter 1257 The Jade Breaks 
Sharon’s expression darkened. “What are you thinking? This is just a typical warm jade. Your uncle has depended on it all these years to stay alive.” 
She then pried the mysterious rumored jade from the bloodstone in front of Sasha. 
Sasha could only watch with eyes wide as saucers. By dismantling such an expansive and famous item, one got a blood jade and an average needle. 
But, it was still special. Sasha observed the insides of the blood jade under the direct light and saw something seemed to be moving in a wave-like motion. 
It was astonishing to witness the needle darkened immediately upon the removal of the blood jade, then regained its shine once the blood jade was embedded on it again. 
“How extraordinary! From what material is it made of?” 
“I don’t know about that. I didn’t do any research on it. I only know that your Mom had survived on it when she picked it up all those years ago. Then the same thing happened to your uncle.” 
Sasha was stunned when Sharon suddenly brought up Heather. 
It looks like my mother is no longer a taboo to her. Then did she know I’m aware of my mother’s matters? 
Tears welled up in Sasha’s eyes. 
She held onto the bloodstone and asked with tears in her eyes. “All of you knew my Mom wasn’t a Blackwood, so why do you still treat her so well?”
“Doctors should be kind. Isn’t that so?” Sharon stated indifferently. 
Sasha couldn’t manage a reply. 
She was the same with her patients since becoming a doctor. 
In the end, Sasha kept the bloodstone merely because Heather used to wear it. 
Rufus’ and Jackson’s families had stayed for another couple more days before they returned to Avenport. 
Sasha and Sebastian had personally sent them to the airport. 
Sasha was silent from the sadness of farewell, and her hands were unknowingly toying with the bloodstone on the entire car ride back. 
Sebastian noticed her sad mood and comforted, “You don’t have to be so sad. They’re welcome to visit anytime they want.” 
Before Sasha could reply, she observed the bloodstone in her hand was not as shiny as before. 
Is my eyes playing tricks on me? 
Or has my hands dirtied it? 
She immediately took out a piece of tissue and started wiping it. 
However, she noticed it was still the same despite her numerous attempts. In the heat of the moment, she pried the blood jade from the bloodstone. 
As a result, the needle in her hand turned black swiftly.
The atmosphere within the car returned to silence again. 
“What’s wrong?” Sebastian asked when he noticed she sat there unmoving with the needle in hand. 
He didn’t get a response. 
What happened? She seems shocked. She has been sitting there holding something in her hand for over a minute now. 
Worry thoughts began to fill his mind. He instantly stopped the car on the side of the street, then reached for the thing in her hand. 
I often see her toying with this when Rufus and the others were around, but I thought it was just some new toy she found. 
So I didn’t pay much attention to it. 
Now that I take a close look at it, I noticed it was something from the nineteenth century. 
The blood jade wasn’t artificial but formed naturally. Else there wouldn’t be any crystals moving in it. These crystals are the best barrier there is to block radiation. 
However, there seems to be a crack. If it’s cracked, it’s not worth any money. 
And as for this black thing… 
Sebastian frowned as he held it up and scrutinized it. “Are you sad because of this? Don’t worry. I can buy you a new one. It will be even better than this.” 
He thought she was sad because the blood jade had cracked, so he wanted to cheer her up by buying her a new one.
But once the words were out of his mouth, she turned to stare intently at him. 
Her emotions were turbulent in her gaze, shocking him. 
“You-” 
“I want to use the washroom.” 
Sasha snapped out of her thoughts and retracted her gaze. 
After a long silence, he started the car and continued forward. 
Well, she is pregnant. The pregnancy handbook did state pregnant women need to use the washroom more often than regular people. 
Moreover, if she is feeling down because of the blood jade, I can buy her a few new ones later. 
Not thinking much about it, he accelerated until he reached a rest stop. 
Before he could ask if she needed company, Sasha had urgently gotten off once the car came to a stop. 
“There’s no need. Wait for me here.” 
She turned around and left. 
Sebastian’s temper spiked at her actions. He quickly removed his key from the ignition and followed her. 
She’s a pregnant woman. Does she still consider herself an average person?
###Chapter 1258
Chapter 1258
Chapter 1258 Check It Out 
Sebastian thoughtfully went into the convenience store to buy some snacks and milk then waited for her outside the washroom. 
Oblivious to him, while he was waiting outside, Sasha felt as though she had dropped to the deepest layer of hell. 
Her change in emotion a while ago wasn’t due to the darkening of the needle. It was due to a tugging sensation she felt in her stomach. 
Then, she felt something flow out of her. 
What is that? 
She panicked. 
She was a doctor. 
She urgently dashed into the washroom. 
She held her breath as she unzipped her pants and sat on the toilet seat. 
But, to her dismay, she saw red on her underwear. She knew it wasn’t a good sign despite the meager amount. 
Her entire body started shivering as though she was surrounded by a blizzard. 
How did it came to this? 
She sat there unmoving for a very long time.
She was feeling lost. 
She was a doctor, and it wasn’t her first baby. She had taken the necessary precautions and had refrained from overexertion as well as control her food intake. 
I’ve done all that so why is this happening? 
Is it because my body is too weak? 
It could be. 
I was having trouble getting pregnant. But I have been blessed with a baby in the end. I knew it would be difficult for me to smoothly deliver my baby with my body being in such a weak state. 
Hence the situation I’m in right now. 
After combing through her thoughts, she felt a sense of ease. She promptly cleaned up then exited the washroom. 
“You took a while in there… Is everything okay?” 
Sebastian, who had waited very long outside, immediately approached her with concern when he saw her coming out of the washroom. 
At that moment, she felt like bursting into tears. 
Noticing his anxiety, a crazy thought came to her mind. She wanted to tell him that their baby was about to leave them soon. 
However, she kept that urge in check and merely stared at him with glassy eyes. 
No. I can’t tell him now.
It’s not confirmed yet. I can’t do this to him. 
Most of his anxiety and worries are due to me and my baby. 
I don’t want to see the hope in his eyes lost. I don’t want to take that away from him. 
“I felt a little dizzy just now, so it took me a while.” 
“Dizzy?” 
He was soon distracted by her excuse. 
“Why? Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere? Let’s go to the hospital.” He was about to bridal-carry her to the car. 
She immediately stopped him before he could. 
“No. Calm down. It’s probably from low blood sugar. It’s common among pregnant women. Why don’t you buy me something sweet? I’ll feel better right away.” 
She acted cute by tugging on his sleeve. 
Sebastian heart softened at her cute act. 
Something sweet? 
She can pick whatever confectionery she wants after I carry her all the way there. 
In the end, he bridal-carried her to the convenience store, eliciting envious stares from women around. 
It was already evening when they returned to Jadeborough.
“Sebby, you must have something planned in the evening, so go and deal with it. I’m going to take a nap.” Sasha purposely said so once she got home. 
I need an excuse to go to the hospital without him noticing. 
It was good that he wasn’t suspicious at all. He merely nodded and proceeded downstairs. Not long after, she saw Devin and him leaving in his car. 
She huffed out a relieved sigh, then quickly reached for her purse, preparing to leave for the hospital. 
“Where’re you going? Didn’t you just got back?” 
Unexpectedly, Sabrina came up with her child in her arms. She was puzzled as to why Sasha was leaving so soon after the latter had only got back. 
Why didn’t I see her drop by so often before? So why is she always here after having a baby? 
Sasha halted resignedly. “I’m going to the hospital. I just got a call from the doctor asking me to go for a check-up.” 
“Again? Are you made from glass? Didn’t you have one not long ago? Has Sebastian lost his mind? You’re pregnant, not sick. Does he need to be so anxious?” 
“I guess I’m blessed,” Sasha purposely rebutted. 
She then took her purse and left. 
Although she hasn’t caught on yet, I know she’d bring it up with Sebastian if I didn’t distract her. He might just find out the truth then. 
Sasha arrived at the General Hospital with much nervousness. She went directly to Grayson’s office instead of the gynecologist.
“Dr. Wallen, I’m feeling restless, so I came to see you.” 
After giving him the rundown of everything that happened, she straightforwardly told him the reason for her visit.
###Chapter 1259
Chapter 1259
Chapter 1259 Mentally Prepare Yourself 
Grayson frowned at her story. 
Yet, he withheld any comment he had. Instead, he decided to examine Sasha first before telling her anything. 
Sasha had no choice but to go for the examination first. 
The result was, as she had expected, threatened miscarriage. 
“Dr. Wallen…” 
Sasha’s face was as white as a sheet seeing the result. She didn’t even have the strength to finish her sentence. 
Grayson’s expression turned somber. 
“Actually, when you came in the other day, I was confused. I’m aware of your body’s condition. Under normal circumstances, there was no way you could get pregnant again, but you did.” 
The creases between his brows deepened. 
Sasha’s stomach plummeted at his expression. Her fingers had clenched so tightly into a fist that they appeared white. 
“Let’s do another whole body check-up to see what’s going on with your body. Don’t worry too much. Let’s discuss once we have the results.” 
After a long silence, Grayson finally suggested.
Sasha had no other choice but to agree. 
That’s right. It will be best to do a whole body check-up. 
When Sasha was undergoing her check-up, her phone rang. 
“Hello, Sebby.” 
“You’re at the hospital again. Do you need me to accompany you?” 
When Sebastian got back to Oceanic Estate, he heard from Sabrina that Sasha had gone to the hospital again. Feeling worried, he called her immediately. 
Sasha was anxious at his suggestion. “No, there’s no need. I’m almost done; had a chat with Dr. Wallen when I bumped into him earlier.” 
Sebastian replied, “That’s good then. Let me know when you’re coming back.” 
Hearing his agreement, Sasha entered the examination room. 
The rim of her eyes was red as she went in. 
More than an hour had passed since the check-up. Worried that Sebastian would be suspicious she took so long, she quickly looked for Grayson. 
Luckily, Grayson was waiting for her results in his office. 
However, he was already going through the report when Sasha got there. His expression was somber. 
“Dr. Wallen, you-”
“Sasha, there’s indeed something wrong with your current condition. By right, estrogen levels should increase upon your pregnancy. Looking at your stats, however, the estrogen levels didn’t increase but decreased instead.” 
Grayson pointed toward the report on his monitor. 
Sasha was stunned. 
She rushed to the monitor to look. 
It was true, the report had shown a decrease in her estrogen levels. Not only that, her ultrasound reports had many abnormalities as well. 
“It resembles a withered flower.” 
Grayson concluded based on her results. 
Exactly. A withered flower. 
But, since the flower was withered, how did she get pregnant then? Isn’t that weird? 
Sasha pondered as she stared at the report in her hands. 
Soon, Grayson caught a glimpse of the newly issued report and was stunned by the image on it. 
“How did your cells end up like this?” 
“What?” 
Sasha turned to look at his question. 
She was thunderstruck at the image as well.
The test was primarily to examine Sasha’s main body functions. So her cellular conditions were especially important. 
Instead of healthy cells, she saw they were perforated. Although tiny, it was still shocking. 
“How could this happen? What does this mean?” 
“Not sure. But one thing is for sure. There’s something wrong with your body. That’s why you’re showing symptoms of miscarriage,” answered Grayson. 
However, there was something he omitted from her. Her condition was the exact replica of Devin’s when he first returned. 
The only difference was his cells had started to recover by then. 
Sasha’s cells were undergoing apoptosis. 
Could all these be related? 
Grayson could feel a sheen of cold sweat forming on his back. 
Before Grayson could conclude, Sasha had to depart for fear the time taken would be too long. Grayson had agreed to inform her once the final results were out. 
Sasha went back to Oceanic Estate. 
“How is it? Is the baby okay?” 
Sebastian had been waiting for her all the while. Seeing she finally return, he went up to her and gently caressed her stomach. 
There was unrestrained anticipation and happiness in his eyes.
Sasha noticed his feelings and felt a stabbing pain in her heart. 
“Everything is fine. Don’t worry about it.” 
“Great. Let’s have dinner then. I made some clam chowder for you.”
###Chapter 1260
Chapter 1260
Chapter 1260 When You Cannot Win 
Sebastian gently patted Sasha’s head as they headed for the dining room. 
The entire dinner was difficult for Sasha. She didn’t have any appetite and was overcome with despair that she wanted to be alone with her thoughts and fears. 
Looking at Sebastian, she had to put on a happy front for him so that he wouldn’t notice something was wrong. 
That night was the most agonizing night ever for Sasha. 
The next morning, she received a call from Grayson. Intending to avoid Sebastian, she intentionally stepped out pretending to go check on Jaena and went downstairs with her phone to take the call. 
“Hello?” 
“Sasha, I need you to take a deep breath and mentally prepare yourself. After discussing with a few radiologists, we have all concluded that you’ve come into contact with some radioactive source.” 
“Radioactive source?” 
Sasha’s face paled instantly. 
Radioactive source? 
When had I come into contact with one? I can’t recall. 
Grayson’s next words had triggered her memory.
“Try to recall if you had come into contact with one when Eddie had taken you. His research is about nuclear weapons. Devin had almost died from his nuclear bomb.” 
He waited for a few beats, but there was not a single response from Sasha. 
At that time, Sasha’s grasp on the phone tightened. Darkness started to engulf her sight. 
How could I have forgotten about it? 
She didn’t know if the old Durant residence had any of those radioactive sources lying around, but she remembered she was strapped with a nuclear explosive that day. 
She recalled she had suffered pain in her entire back and chest. 
If underneath the old Durant residence were covered with those dangerous explosives, then it wouldn’t be surprising for her body to be in tatters. 
Also, radioactive materials had another terrifying effect. Other than causing harm to humans, they could cause some failed organs to recover their functions to a certain level. 
That was the reason cancer patients undergo radioactive therapy. 
Then, for her, to had gotten pregnant when she shouldn’t have been able to. 
Sasha staggered backward. She would’ve fallen to the ground if it wasn’t for the hands catching her. 
“Don’t you know you’re pregnant? You should be more careful.” 
It was Sabrina. She was dropping by for a visit with her child. 
Sasha tried suppressing her emotions, hoping Sabrina couldn’t catch it. Alas, it was too late. Sabrina had caught a glimpse of Sasha’s pale face and tearful eyes.
“What happened? Why are you crying? I didn’t mean to scold you. I just…” 
Sabrina nervously explained, she thought Sasha was crying because of her harsh tone. 
But Sasha suddenly wrapped her hands over her head and sat on the floor. 
She started crying, but she was holding back her voice. 
However, Sabrina could see Sasha’s flowing tears dripping onto the floor, forming tiny puddles. 
Sabrina was taken aback by Sasha’s reaction. 
Not knowing what to do, she scanned her surrounding for anyone around to help her. Finally, she bent down with her child in her arms to comfort Sasha, seeing as no one was around to help. 
“Don’t cry. Tell me what’s wrong. Was it Sebastian? Don’t worry. I’ll go and teach him a lesson now.” 
“No!” 
Sasha stretched her hand out to stop Sabrina from leaving. 
“No. It’s not Sebastian. Sab, I might not be able to deliver this baby safely…” she said truthfully with tears streaming down her face. 
Sabrina was stunned by her words. 
“Why not? What happened?” 
“Because I don’t have it in me…” Tears continued to flow from Sasha’s eyes as she blurted out everything Grayson had told her. 
Sasha merely wanted to express her sadness to someone.
She felt lost and didn’t know what to do. She wanted to tell Sebastian but fearing it would be too huge a blow to him, she stopped herself. 
Also, he was in a tug of war with Eddie. She was afraid he would lose control if he knew it was all because of that a**hole. He might fall into that a**hole’s trap if he lost control of his emotions. 
Sasha was certain it was all that a**hole’s plan. 
Sabrina was stunned yet again at Sasha’s revelation. 
She hadn’t thought such a huge problem was brewing beneath the peace and quiet at home. 
“That a**hole! How could he have treated you with so much cruelty? He’s not even a f**king human for doing that. He couldn’t win against Sebastian, so he decided to use such a method to ruin him instead?” 
“What?” 
Sasha turned to Sabrina dumbfoundedly. 
Ruin? 
Oh My Gosh! My mind is just a mess. How have I not thought about that? 
That’s right. That f**ker had knowingly used high-intensity nuclear explosives so I could get pregnant. When delight swelled within Sebastian with the news of a new addition to the family, he would take me and my baby’s lives. 
Wouldn’t that kill Sebastian’s spirit? 
Devin had said Sebastian had almost lost his mind when the museum she was in had exploded. What will happen to him if I really did die along with the child he had anticipated and loved.
Can he take it? 
He might just lose it on the spot.
###Chapter 1261
Chapter 1261
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1261 
Chapter 1261 A Painful Decision 
Sabrina’s words had enlightened Sasha. In an instant, she wiped off her tears and stood up right away. 
“What are you doing?” Sabrina asked her apprehensively. 
“I need to leave this place. Since Sebastian is settling a score with Eddie, I must keep mum from him about this matter so he will not be distracted. I will find a temporary place to stay and get the matter resolved first,” Sasha explained resolutely. 
In a blink of an eye, it was as though she had thought it through and found a new path. The utter sorrow and helplessness in her eyes moments ago were prevailed by a hint of determination. 
Sabrina was dumbfounded and asked quizzically, “What do you mean? Are you going to settle it by yourself? How do you think you can get it resolved?” 
Sasha stared into the distance and mumbled, “I’m sure there will be a way out. After all, I’m a doctor myself. However, it will be a different case for him. I’m worried that he won’t be able to take it and will get worked up easily if he happens to know about it any time now. That will certainly exacerbate the situation.” 
Sabrina was at a loss for words to refute her. 
Undeniably, she shared the same sentiment with Sasha. That could be one of Eddie’s ploys to send Sebastian into a tizzy and weaken his stamina in fighting against him. Thus, she ended up giving in to Sasha. 
After Sebastian and Devin were back from the Naval Force two days later, Sasha went to see him.
“Sebby, can I stay at Aquene Temple temporarily?” Sasha asked warily. 
“Aquene Temple? Why are you thinking of going there? Don’t you feel like staying at home?” Sebastian was in bafflement. 
“Take it easy. Since I’m still in my first trimester, I’m thinking of praying there for blessing. Besides, it’s getting warmer lately. Thus, the temple is a more cooling and ideal place for me throughout my pregnancy,” Sasha replied analytically. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina was holding Jaena’s hands and teaching her to walk. When Sebastian was about to say something, she advanced toward them with her child. 
“Yeah, good idea. Come, let’s go together. It’s a pity that poor Jaena has been having heat rashes all over her body lately. What to do? Her daddy never really cares about her. I’m going to get him to send us over.” She carried Jaena up and walked away to look for her man! It sounded as if she was helping to convince Sebastian in a way. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian felt his temples starting to throb. After quite a while, he finally nodded reluctantly, giving the green light to Sasha. 
Therefore, Sasha set off to the temple with Sabrina and Jaena the following day. 
Shin welcomed them with open arms and arranged for them to stay in the rooms they had stayed in before. Apart from that, he kept the room next to Sasha’s empty, especially for her. 
Other than going to the medical storage room in the temple every day, Sasha spent most of her time conducting experiments for her body painstakingly in that empty room. Two weeks after she had consumed the medicine delivered by Xayden from Miralaea and had acupuncture for herself persistently, she finally found that her pregnancy pulse was gone.
“S-So the baby’s gone?” Sabrina stammered alongside her with Jaena. 
Even though she had foreseen the sorrowful moment ever since Sasha started consuming the medicine and having acupuncture for herself, she could not resist feeling a prickle of grief. 
Needless to say, Sasha was grief-stricken. Her heart wrenched the moment she confirmed that her pulse rate during pregnancy was gone. After all, the baby was her own flesh and blood! Sadly, she could not let the embryo continue growing in her womb! 
It had been no easy feat to talk herself into getting a grip on herself for the painful decision. Since she had conceived abnormally, it was wishful thinking to bear a healthy child. Thus, she had no choice but to put things to an end. 
Sasha shut her eyes in distress. After quite a while, she dragged herself to the bed aside and lay down in weariness. 
“Give Grayson a call. Bear in mind not to let Sebastian find out about this,” she told Sabrina. 
“I know what to do.” Sabrina stepped out with tears welling up in her eyes. 
A few hours later, Grayson reached hastily with two assistants, bringing his medical kit and surgery tools. 
Sasha was already waiting for him in the hut outside the temple. She did not wish to cast any stain on the holiness of the temple unintentionally. 
“Where is she?” Grayson asked Sabrina breathlessly. 
She pointed at the big maple tree with teary eyes, gesturing to him that Sasha was in the hut.
Grayson felt a rush of complex emotions as he looked in the direction. His heart ached uncontrollably when he imagined how he had to end a baby’s life alongside the old maple tree. 
By the time Grayson stepped out from the hut again, it was already more than two hours later. When an ashen-faced Sabrina was about to go over to check on Sasha, an elderly’s muffled voice sounded abruptly from her back. “Please bring this over to her.” 
Sabrina turned and was surprised that Shin was just right behind her. He handed her a black singing bowl crafted with sacred words. 
“Master…” Sabrina looked at him hesitantly. 
“Go ahead and tell her not to dwell on the disgruntling moment. The baby’s soul will be blessed and rest in peace,” he mumbled and chanted briefly. 
Sabrina recalled how Sebastian had mentioned that Shin was not a real monk as he was forced to be one. 
Nonetheless, it meant no difference for Shin. The moment he made up his mind to put worldly matters out of his mind, there was inner peace within himself regardless of where he was. 
Ever since Frieda was gone forever, others expected that he would not be able to get over the loss of his beloved wife for the rest of his life. Even so, things turned out the other way around.
###Chapter 1262
Chapter 1262
Chapter 1262 Throw Tantrum Unexpectedly 
Instead of mourning endlessly for her death, Shin chose to chant for her earnestly in the temple every day. He believed that was the best he could do for her soul to rest in peace. If there was reincarnation, he wished she could embark on a peaceful journey in her next life. He hoped the best for Sasha’s poor baby as well. 
It was already three days later when Sasha managed to get down from the bed again. Accompanied by Sabrina, she crouched down in front of the small mound under the maple tree and buried the cracked bloodstone in front of it. 
“What is this?” Sabrina asked curiously. 
Sasha smiled sorrowfully as she replied, “It’s from my Aunt Sharon. According to her, it had been shielding my mom and my uncle from risks all this while. Now, I give it to my child.” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless as a wave of complex emotions crept into her heart. As a mother, she knew at once what Sasha meant. She was doing her best, blessing her deceased child’s soul. 
Three days later, they received news from the Oceanic Estate. It seemed both Sebastian and Devin had frequented the Naval Force lately. Even though Sabrina was clueless about that, her gut instinct told her that there was something awry. 
On the other hand, Grayson seemed to have a clearer insight into the whole matter. 
While having a check-up for Sasha, he commented analytically, “Don’t you think that the despicable Eddie Limmer is manipulating to strike against the warships in the Naval Force? If that is the case, the whole military base will be in a precarious state. Not only that, the military force of other countries might take advantage of the situation and attack us at any time!”
Grayson’s point of view actually made sense. After all, he had been in a military force before and still had certain knowledge about the military base. 
In an instant, Sabrina’s face turned ashen. 
Sasha felt a prickle of anxiousness as something came into her mind. “Does that mean he will be striking back at any time?” 
“Yeah, I guess so. Since he was badly defeated previously, and Old Mr. Jadeson is back in action, I bet he won’t dare to have any ploy on the Land Force. I foresee he is targeting the Air Force and the Naval Force instead.” Grayson continued to voice up his point of view. 
“But then he doesn’t have anyone in the Air Force, does he?” Sasha responded doubtfully. 
“Yeah, when Carlos dragged down Desmond Croll, the Minister of the Naval Force previously, he was actually thinking of having the whole Naval Force under his control. In other words, Eddie Limmer’s men had wormed their way into the Naval Force long ago.” Grayson was seemingly confident with his point of view. 
He cast the young woman in front of him an admiring glance. Sasha certainly has a clear mind. Apparently, Sebastian has an eye for her intelligence! 
Grayson’s words sent a chill down Sabrina’s spine. She did not have any clue about the military forces and political issues. Even so, she knew that the hideous man and his team would surely bring disasters to the nation once they infiltrated the national military force. 
Infiltration of the national military force! How is it possible for both of them to stop all these by themselves? Sabrina shuddered at the thought.
After Grayson left, she could not hold back any longer and whined, “Damn it! That old man is apparently getting crazier. What are we supposed to do now? If the whole Naval Force is under his control, it will definitely drive the wedge among the different forces and cause civil war!” 
Sasha shook her head and appeased Sabrina by uttering placidly, “Don’t worry. Both Sebastian and Devin won’t let that happen. Don’t you see how they seem to be frequenting the Naval Force? This implies that they have countermeasure in their minds.” 
“Hmm, you seem to have a point.” Sasha’s words tended to tamp down her anxiety temporarily. 
Apart from that, they decided not to distract the two men fighting against their foes. 
Since then, both women in the temple were extra careful whenever they updated the Oceanic Estate on their latest condition. They kept the tragic loss of Sasha’s baby under wraps. 
Another two weeks later, Sasha was gradually recuperating. Thus, she decided to research nuclear radiation in her previous exposure. 
Assisted by Grayson, Sasha’s temporary room in the temple was well-equipped with advanced medical devices. One day, she took pictures of her own sectioned cells and sent them to Xayden, a genius in chemistry. “Xayden, this is my sectioned cells. Can you help to have a look?” 
In the meantime, Xayden was scrutinizing the shattered pieces of the explosive. The moment he caught a glimpse of the picture for Sasha’s sectioned cells, there was an instant flicker of fury on his face. “Good gracious! Whoever created it is freaking crazy!” 
Sasha was startled by his sudden change of tone. 
“Ah! M-Mrs. Hayes, I’m sorry for overreacting. I don’t mean it.” Seconds later, Xayden came to himself and back to his usual gentle self again.
Strangely, there were unknown figures all over the notebook next to him. Nonetheless, it seemed he was not solely analyzing the explosive. 
Apparently, he had listed all the substances of the explosive one by one and restructured them instead. On top of that, he had added other chemical symbols to his note. At that very moment, he looked like a weirdo in the sci-fi movies. 
At the same time, Matteo was peeping through the slit of the door and broke out in cold sweat. 
“What is he researching now? Is he planning to turn the tables on anyone again?” he gasped. 
“Could it be megalodon?” Ian asked casually from behind him. 
It was natural for him to draw speculation based on the incident two days ago. Vivian was craving lobsters on that day. When trying to catch lobsters from the sea, she was hurt by one of their pincers.
###Chapter 1263
Chapter 1263
Chapter 1263 The Two Brothers Strike 
Surprisingly, they found lobsters all over the whole shore the next day. It was such an overwhelming scene when the creature were all rushing ashore abruptly. Subsequently, the fishermen nearby were on top of the world and huddled over to collect them. Besides, he and his two siblings ended up having lobster meals for quite a few days. Not to mention, they had not finished eating the lobsters yet. 
Days ago, a megalodon emerged when Xayden was swimming in the sea, scaring him to death. Thus, Ian was almost sure as h*ll that he intended to avenge the megalodon by wiping off its species. 
Matteo could not utter any words as he had the same stance as Ian. 
After wiping off the cold sweat from their foreheads, the two brothers went down to the living room. 
Little did they realize that Xayden, whom they defined as a horrendous and vengeful weirdo, had come up with the analysis of their mother’s sectioned cells. “D*mn it! That old man’s nuclear waves are getting more destructive. It even resembles a plague now!” 
“A plague?” Sasha turned pale hearing the phrase. 
“Why did you say so? Have you discovered anything?” she asked anxiously. 
Xayden responded, “Yeah, it seems your body cells did not shrivel. Something seemed to have destroyed the membrane cells, then slowly devoured the whole cell. Doesn’t this sound like a virus invasion?” 
“Radiation from the nuclear weapon is supposed to cause direct destruction in a short span. It will never go through this process slowly. You can refer to a few nuclear explosions in world history,” he explained further while getting down from the lab table to search for a book from the shelf.
In an instant, Sasha was panic-stricken. I can’t believe that it resembles a plague! It was just an explosive strapped onto my body, wasn’t it? How on earth did it turn into such a horrifying thing? 
“I’m sure there’s an expert alongside him. Mrs. Hayes, no matter what, you must get Mr. Hayes to dig him up as soon as possible. If not, I fear that the lunatic will stir up troubles with his crazy inventions again,” Xayden reminded Sasha over the phone. 
Undoubtedly, a genius with incredible expertise in the field like him would not easily describe the opponent’s creations as something horrendous. 
Even so, Sasha’s heart sank when he described the person as a lunatic. It implied that even Xayden was feeling threatened in a way. Her face fell as she hung up. She could not resist having a premonition that something terrible was going to occur. 
Coincidentally, Sabrina pushed open the door and was startled by the utter grimness on her face. “What’s the matter? Even Xayden can’t think of any way to get it resolved?” she asked with great concern. 
Sasha tried to console her by explaining in brief, “No, he actually reminded me about something else. According to him, the condition seems to be unusual and resembles a plague. Thus, he advised me to get Sebastian to dig up the person who is inventing the nuclear weapon alongside Eddie.” 
Sabrina’s eyes widened in disbelief. Dig up the man alongside that despicable old man? How are we supposed to do that when we don’t have any clue about his whereabouts! What’s more, he will surely keep his lips buttoned about the person. What can we do? 
Both Sasha and Sabrina felt dejected as another wave of helplessness swept over them. 
At the same time, Ian clenched his fists as he eavesdropped on Xayden’s conversation with Sasha. Oh no! Something has happened to Mommy! It’s because of that wicked man again!
He was boiling with anger and could barely wait to be by Sasha’s side. Poor Mommy! How I wish I could protect her and capture that wicked man to avenge her! 
Mommy is still pregnant with our baby brother or sister, yet that wicked man had the heart to inflict harm on her! Ian shuddered in exasperation with utterly murderous intent in his eyes. 
Recalling how Xayden reminded Sasha to dig up the man alongside Eddie, he went back to his room right away and flipped open his laptop, which Sebastian exclusively bought and installed the advanced apps for him. 
Without hesitation, he hacked into Xayden’s computer to obtain a copy of his newly analyzed information and data obtained from the leftover of the explosive. 
Next, he accumulated all the information and uploaded a copy to the dark web. 
The dark web was defined as internet sites hidden under usual websites. One could access anything inaccessible from the usual websites there, including the illegal contents. Not to mention, top hacking skills were the key to managing the dark webs. 
He had just posted an announcement on the bounty for the invention of nuclear weapons, hoping to lure the culprit who invented the explosive. Soon after, Matteo entered his room. 
Sensing Ian was occupied with something, Matteo sat next to him and asked inquisitively, “Ian, what are you doing?” 
It never crossed his mind that Ian would have posted a notice with bounty to an unknown website which he had never seen before. To his astonishment, the offered amount was even more than ten million! 
“Ian, what is this for?” Matteo asked quizzically.
“Matt, listen carefully to me. Daddy and Mommy are in hot waters again. In fact, they could be in a life- and-death situation. Therefore, we must come to their rescue by all means.” Ian had never sounded as stern as how he was at the moment. 
In an instant, Matteo straightened his back and responded solemnly, “All right. What do you want me to do?” 
“I overheard Xayden telling Mommy on the phone that there was only one way for them to defeat that despicable old man. According to him, Daddy must dig up and get rid of the guy who created the nuclear weapon. Hence, I have just hacked into his computer and posted the related data obtained to this dark web,” Ian explained patiently. 
“That’s why you posted the notice on the bounty to dig up the person?” A quick-witted Matteo knew at once what was playing on Ian’s mind. 
Ian nodded at him admiringly. “Yeah, typical outlaws like them must have assisted that despicable old man in committing crimes. Thus, I believe it’s just a matter of time before we can detect anything.” 
“Oh! I get what you mean now!” Matteo also took out his laptop and sat facing Ian.
###Chapter 1264
Chapter 1264
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1264 
Matteo’s expertise in the field was as impressive as Ian’s. Soon, he accessed the dark web as well with his own laptop. Miraculously, both laptops accessing it simultaneously had the same domain name displayed. 
At the moment, both Ian and Matteo’s eyes were glued to the screens of their laptops. 
As expected, someone fell into Ian’s trap of the attractive bounty and started getting in touch with them by sending them a message. 
“Matt, try to trace his IP address!” Ian instructed Matteo to trace the person’s exact location while he figured out how to reply to the message. 
Anonymous: Hi, nice to hear from you. Are you looking for someone inventing nuclear weapons? 
The person who texted them sounded like a veteran in the field. Stifling the simmering excitement within himself, Ian only replied to his message after pondering for quite a while. 
Black: Yeah! Do you know how to create nuclear weapons? I don’t mind about the price. As long as your invention meets our requirements, we can enter into a long-term collaboration with each other. 
Anonymous: Yes, I have expertise in this. When do you need that? 
Ian was astounded by the person’s speedy reply. This person seems to know well about this explosive! 
He looked at Matteo, only to find that his brother had managed to trace the person’s IP address. 
“It’s an IP address in Moranta. After double-checking, I find out it’s at the most active trade center for the black market. Should we inform Daddy about this finding?” Matteo asked for Ian’s opinion.
Even so, Ian shook his head. “Since Daddy is busy at the moment, don’t let him know about this for the time being. Let’s proceed with our investigation and gather more evidence first.” 
“Then what are we supposed to do now?” Matteo asked helplessly. 
“Let’s get help from Mr. Frost. It seems he has been recuperating after his previous injury. I guess he has started to get bored and keeps bothering Xayden. Hence, I feel we can assign him this task.” Ian brought up his idea. 
Undoubtedly, Ian was the one who resembled Sebastian the most in terms of his observance and intelligence. 
In the meantime, Karl was basking in the sun in SteelFort idly. Watching paint dry, he was thinking of whether he should kill time by teasing Xayden as usual. His eyes lit up when he received the boys’ message on the culprit who invented the nuclear weapon. 
“My goodness! Is this true?” When the chat history and the person’s current location came into view, he sprang up from the chair in awe. 
The other two team members accompanying him were flabbergasted. 
“Mr. Frost, what’s the matter? Did you receive any great news from Mr. Hayes?” one of the team members asked out of curiosity. 
“Mr. Ian and Mr. Matteo had just sent me a message. My goodness! Both of them are awesome! They managed to dig up the person who created nuclear weapon alongside Eddie Limmer!” Karl yelled out incoherently. 
The two team members were over the moon and huddled over right away.
They never doubted Ian and Matteo’s intelligence, but it was incredible that both of them could help under such circumstances. In short, they were impressed by the two boys’ efficiency and capability. 
Karl could barely wait to set off to Moranta at once. 
Nevertheless, both the team members tried to talk him out of leaving SteelFort at once. “Mr. Frost, you can’t leave now. Mr. Hayes instructed us not to let you go out. You haven’t fully recovered.” 
“That’s bullsh*t! Don’t ever get on my nerves! I’m fit as a fiddle now. Let me tell you, Mr. Ian and Mr. Matteo will not look for me if they can get anyone else to help them. Apart from that, we haven’t gotten any news from Mr. Hayes till now. If they can think of anyone else who can help them, don’t you think that both of them will notify their daddy first instead of seeking my help, huh?” Karl lashed out at them and explained analytically. 
Both of them zipped their mouths at once and had to agree with Karl. Undeniably, it was a special mission that could only be assigned to a trustworthy person. 
Eventually, Karl left SteelFort and headed for Moranta right away with some of the most well-trained team members. 
Once Ian was notified about that, he linked his laptop with Karl’s smartphone. 
Later, he gave Karl a call to inform him about it. “Mr. Frost, you don’t have to worry. I have linked all the surveillance cameras at that trade center of the black market to your smartphone. Hence, you will be able to trace anything amiss at any time.” 
After that, Karl clicked open his smartphone as he made his way toward the airport. 
Right that instant, he could not resist saluting both Ian and Matteo. Good gracious! They are both geniuses!
On the other hand, Sasha was also trying to dig up the person by leaving no stones unturned. Even so, she was not solely thinking of stopping him from inventing the destructive weapon. 
More importantly, she needed to look for him to save her life. 
“You are having a nosebleed!” Sabrina yelled out abruptly when she was having breakfast together with Sasha. Her heart skipped a beat as blood flowed out from Sasha’s nose all of a sudden. 
Sasha wiped it off immediately with a tissue and consoled her, “Don’t worry. It is a common symptom of the early stage. After all, there is still sufficient time for me to find a way out.” 
Sabrina’s heart ached at the sight of her endurance. She could scarcely hold herself back from revealing everything to Sebastian, telling him to find ways in order to save his dying wife. 
Tamping down her agitation, she refrained from doing so, recalling how Sasha had emphasized earlier that they were not supposed to distract Sebastian. Feeling sympathized with Sasha, she could only fulfill her requirements by all means. 
“Sab, how about we go down to the cave again to have a look?” Sasha asked Sabrina eagerly. 
“Huh?” Sabrina was dumbfounded. So she is still insisting on going down into the cave! Wasn’t it ruined after the destructive explosion?
###Chapter 1265
Chapter 1265
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1265 
Sabrina passed her child for Shin to look after and left with Sasha without a word. 
As expected, when they arrived at the underground cave, everything was destroyed. 
Hence, the duo started searching the underground cave. 
Sabrina commented, “There’s nothing here. A cunning person like Eddie will not leave any clues behind.” 
Having been in this together with Sasha for some time now, she was able to deduce some logic from the situation. 
Sasha frowned. 
Sabrina was right. However, as smart as Eddie could be, there must be some clues that he left behind inadvertently. 
Sasha stood there and tried to solve the mystery. Suddenly, she thought of the ice cellar. “Right, let’s take a look in the ice cellar.” 
Ten minutes later, they showed up at the ice cellar. 
Fortunately, the ice cellar was located underground. The last explosion did not shatter the place as it was sheltered from the impact. 
Sasha held on to torchlight and walked in the entrance. She swiftly located the ice cellar that she and Edmund previously discovered.
Sabrina followed her from the back, shivering at the sight of the scene. “The corpse lying there is really Louis?” 
Sasha answered while searching the place. “Yes. This is where we found his secret. Since he hid his brother’s corpse here, there must be something else.” 
Sabrina also helped her to look around. 
After searching high and low, Sasha finally discovered something. “It appears to be some notebook scraps that were not destroyed completely.” 
Sabrina shined the torchlight at the scrap papers and confirmed Sasha’s findings. 
Indeed, it was some scrap pages of a burnt notebook. 
However, Sasha was confused as the handwriting did not belong to Eddie. She knew that for a fact because she had seen his notebook before. 
Sasha collected all the scrap pages and started piecing them together. “The North Sea, it appears to say so.” 
“Yes, there’s even a map. Check it out.” Sabrina pointed to the part that she formed. 
A few minutes later, they managed to form a comprehensible picture. 
Sasha uttered, “It is regarding the strategy for the North Sea War.” 
Sabrina nodded. “Right!” 
Next, she took up a piece of scrap paper which appeared to be some sort of a map, marked with a red dot.
She recalled the lessons in history and asked, “The North Sea War is a famous piece of history. If it weren’t for the war, the new government would not be formed. And this war was led by the famous leader, Louis Limmer. Does the handwriting belong to him?” 
Sasha shook his hand, “Of course not. Eddie mentioned before that he was the strategist behind Louis. If indeed the war was led by Louis, Eddie would be the person writing off the notebook.” 
“You are right,” Sabrina recalled the conversation. 
If it does not belong to Louis, who else can it be? 
“Hold on. Check this out, what do you think this is?” Sasha suddenly noticed something on the scrap pages. 
Sabrina immediately looked towards it. 
She noticed a signature at the end of the page. Some people had such a habit of putting their name down as a signature. That was likely the case. 
They saw the word ‘dith’. 
Judith? 
Can it be… Judith? 
The duo widened their eyes in shock and looked at each other. 
Sabrina exclaimed, “This belongs to your grandmother?” 
Sasha did not reply.
At that moment, the discovery stirred up rippling emotions within her. 
If the notebook belongs to my grandmother, does that mean that she is the leader of the North Sea War? 
Why is her notebook here? Why is it burnt? 
Besides, what does the red dot mean? 
Overwhelmed, Sasha stared mindlessly at the scrap pages. She then turned away and started frantically searching the ice cellar again. 
Sabrina quickly assisted her. 
Finally, to their pleasant surprise, they found some writing on the singlet worn by Louis. 
‘Dear descendants, when you discover this letter, I believe I have passed on for a long time. As a failed leader, I am extremely regretful for causing the upheaval in the country. I am ashamed and have disappointed all my comrades. I, Louis Limmer, am guilty!’ 
These words were written on the front of the singlet.
###Chapter 1266
Chapter 1266
A well-celebrated hero in history and the founding father of the country, publicly admitted his guilt after death! 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat with a cascading surge of uneasiness. 
‘Firstly, the North Sea War is planned by Judith, not me. Secondly, Judith’s sacrifice is not an accident. Her death is carefully orchestrated and she died in the North Sea. Thirdly, the murderer is my brother, Eddie. Fourthly, if I lose in this war, to the person who finds my body, please visit the Golden Heights. Eddie can be found there!’ 
Every sentence and letter scripted on the singlet was groundbreaking news. 
No one would have thought that the founding father of a country would need to resort to such methods to prosecute his brother! 
He must have ran out of options then. 
Comparatively, the subsequent messages at the back of the singlet were a brief summary of Eddie’s crime. The cause and explanation were omitted. 
Evidently, his time to put the message in writing was short. 
Sasha trembled violently. 
She had never thought that her grandmother, a hero that sacrificed everything for the country, was murdered in cold blood by a nasty person like Eddie. 
“Eddie, I will chop you into pieces!” Sasha screamed.
Tears started streaming down her cheeks. She held on to the singlet tightly, her fists clenched together and her veins bulging with force. 
Sarbina was similarly infuriated. 
Two hours later, the duo finally brought the singlet and the scrap papers back to the temple. Without any hesitation, Sasha informed Sebastian immediately. 
It was the first time that she took the initiative to contact him since she came to the temple. 
In the evening, a black SUV arrived. 
Sasha and Sabrina were waiting at the entrance. Upon seeing the car, she touched her slightly bulging belly. 
Nervousness loomed large. 
Sabrina narrowed her eyes at the sight of her bulging belly. 
Screech! 
Before Sabrina had a chance to speak, the car went to a halt right in front of them. 
“Why are the two of you standing here? It’s windy outside!” The men that exited the car worriedly rushed towards them. 
Naturally, they were concerned about them. One was pregnant, while the other was carrying a child. Both were standing in wait in the chilly breeze. 
“Daddy…” The loving family of three reunited.
The little child who had just learned to pronounce the word ‘daddy’, cheered in excitement at the sight of Devin. 
Sabrina also embraced him affectionately. 
Very quickly, the family of three headed in. 
Sasha was also hugged by her partner. Just as Sebastian wanted to feel the baby bump, she stopped him in his tracks. 
“Not now, the baby is not fully formed yet. If you were to touch him, he will not behave,” replied Sasha. Although feeling devastated, she had to act as if nothing happened. 
Fortunately, Sebastian was occupied and distracted. 
Besides, the constant traveling took a toll on him. 
This time, he was not suspicious. 
When they entered the temple, Shin was already waiting for them. Almost immediately, he passed the singlet and the scrap pages to them. 
“I did not notice these previously. The place which stored Louis’ corpse was a prohibited zone,” Shin explained in brevity the reason for the blunder. 
However, Sebastian gazed at him before carefully analyzing the items. 
It’s a prohibited zone for a reason. I’m not surprised that he could not enter the place! If he could, that will be mind-blowing!
However, even without the recent discovery, Shin had earlier determined that the mastermind behind the North Sea War was Judith, but not Eddie. Evidently, he was extremely intelligent. 
Sebastian uttered, “If this is the case, we can conclude that Louis’ death was not due to natural causes.” 
“I agree!” Devin replied while scrutinizing the scrap pages. 
He then nodded in agreement. 
Sabrina said, “What does the message mean? Is there a secret in Golden Heights?” 
Sasha was speechless. 
Devin kept quiet as well. 
Even Sebastian could not figure out the answer. 
He had previously searched the Golden Heights when the arrest warrant was issued against Eddie. As Eddie’s previous place of residence, there was no way it would be left unchecked. 
However, there was nothing peculiar there at that time. 
Sabrina continued to ask, “Perhaps we missed out on something at that time?” 
“No, I think he does not mean it literally. It’s not that we have to search the Golden Heights again, but we must look into the bloodline of the Limmer family.” Suddenly, Shin who kept quiet all the while uttered something enlightening. 
Bloodline of the Limmer family? 
The four of them looked towards him.
###Chapter 1267
Chapter 1267
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1267 
The bloodline must mean the descendants of the Limmer family. 
Sebastian stayed over in the Aquene Temple that night. “Darling, when are you coming home?” 
He lay exhaustedly on the bed. Upon hearing the sound of running water, he looked towards Sasha and popped the question. 
Sasha was cleaning the towel when that question was asked. She curled her fingers in frustration. 
She wished she could go back home too. 
However, it was not the right time. 
She twisted the towel dry and brought him a bowl of soup. “I still want to stay here for a while. Aren’t you always out? If you’re not around at home, it’s pointless for me to come back. It’s better if I stay here to conduct some research on that old b*stard.” 
She ended up acting coquettishly to avoid going back. 
Apparently, it worked like magic on Sebastian. Gazing at her wife, he abruptly held out his hands in an attempt to embrace her. 
“Ahhh!” Sasha avoided him right away. “What are you doing? I’m holding a bowl of soup!” 
“Hey…” Sebastian helped her put away the bowl of soup. 
“I only want you now. It’s been four months…” He mischievously looked at her while his hands inched closer to her body.
Indeed, it was a very long time. Ever since she was pregnant, they had not been intimate. Even when they slept together, sex was off-limits. 
Sebastian felt an irresistible urge to tear off her clothes and get on top of her. 
However, overwhelming dizziness struck him out of the blue and his strength seeped away. 
“Are you okay?” Sasha worriedly asked. 
“I’m alright.” Sebastian shook his head and shrugged off the feeling. 
After regaining his senses, he looked at Sasha again. 
Perhaps he was simply too exhausted. 
He thought to himself. 
However, when he tried to embrace her again, he lost the energy and strength to sustain the enthusiasm. 
Is it because of my recent visit to the Nuclear Submarine? 
Will it affect the child? 
The alarming thoughts flashed by his mind. 
“Sebby?” Sasha asked again. 
“Don’t worry about it. I think I’m just too tired. Let’s rest.” He lay back down after consoling her. 
Sasha heaved a sigh of relief. 
After having the bowl of soup, the couple lay down on the bed together.
Shortly after, Sebastian fell into a deep sleep. After realizing that, Sasha opened her eyes and stared at the dark. 
She then slowly hugged him from the side. 
“I’m sorry, Sebby,” she whispered in his ears. 
Her fingers started massaging his neck. 
“Mmhmm…” Sebastian who was deep asleep let out a soft grunt at the disturbance. 
Sasha pressed her face against him and reduced the force of her delicate fingers. 
She massaged him in a gentle manner. “Darling, don’t worry about it. Everything will become better.” 
The next day. 
Sebastian and Devin left early in the morning. 
Sabrina anxiously rushed towards Sasha to check on her. After knowing that she was not noticed by anyone, Sabrina felt relieved. 
She muttered, “Not sure what we can find in the Golden Heights.” 
Sasha frowned at the thought. 
However, as she stared at the fleeting car from the top of the mountain, Sasha was surprisingly calm. The boulder of stress that previously consumed them felt lifted. 
She finally found a glimmer of hope. 
Two hours later, at the Golden Heights.
Sebastian stepped into the old structure with Devin following closely behind. 
They were extremely cautious, knowing that Eddie was a cunning and ruthless person and god knows if he had set up any traps there. 
Devin remarked, “There’s nothing here. What does Uncle Shin mean by the bloodline of the Limmer family?” 
As they couldn’t find anything, Devin started to feel irritated. 
They dropped everything in the Naval Force and came all the way here. If it turned out to be a futile exercise, that would be devastating. 
It must be borne in mind that the matters in the Naval Force require undivided attention. 
“It should mean the descendants of the Limmer family. Just focus on the search of their family records,” replied Sebastian calmly. 
Family records? 
Devin was stunned. 
At this moment, Devin came to a sudden realization that the family records were indeed missing from their sight. 
Hence, he started looking again.
###Chapter 1268
Chapter 1268
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1268 
Unable to get their hands on the official record even after spending a few hours searching the residency, he muttered, “It’s odd! Has someone else retrieved it ahead of us?” 
Devin recalled the residency was once opened to the public as the founding father’s official residency. 
Sebastian shook his hand and asserted, “Since it’s clearly mentioned in Louis’ will, I’m sure it’s still here. He must have hidden it somewhere.” 
They let out a long sigh and continued searching the residency to get their hands on it. 
When they thought they were about to embark on another tedious journey, Sebastian found something suspicious in the painting down the hallway. 
Devin dashed forward and returned with something after a few minutes. They finally found the official record of the Limmer family. 
While Sebastian started perusing it, Devin was on the lookout to ensure his safety just in case they weren’t the only ones there. 
All of a sudden, the observant man caught a glimpse of a silhouette in the dark. He yelled, “Who is it?” 
Once Sebastian turned around, he found out Devin was nowhere to be seen next to him anymore. 
Devin had rendered the mysterious figure incapable of motion, asking at the top of his lungs, “Who are you? What are you doing here?” 
They had never seen the young man around the residency. On top of his neat appearance, his nails were well-trimmed.
Sebastian joined the duo and instructed after observing the mysterious figure for quite some time, “Try smelling his fingers.” 
Huh? 
The confused Devin looked at Sebastian in the eyes before reaching for the hand of the shrieking figure to take a whiff. 
Startled by the strong scent coming from the fingers, Devin announced, “There’s a strong scent of disinfectant!” 
Sebastian nodded and explained, “If I’m not mistaken, the one in charge of developing nuclear weapons is a doctor. Do you remember I’ve instructed Grayson to investigate the doctors of the hospital?” 
Devin was confused even when Sebastian had gone to great lengths to help him link the missing pieces of puzzles together. 
I’m also a freaking commander of the special forces, but I feel so dumb whenever he’s around me! It feels as if I’m not a match for him in terms of intelligence! 
How has he figured out the one in charge of the development is a doctor? Is this mysterious figure the only one he needs to link the missing pieces of puzzles together? 
As confused as Devin might be, Sebastian was spot on because Karl, who had long made his way to Moranta, finally found the mysterious figure according to the intel Matteo and Ian gathered. 
The mysterious figure got in touch with someone from Jadeborough as soon as he returned to his safe house. 
“What the h*ll? How dare he send someone as vicious as such to Jadeborough?”
Those from SteelFort, including Karl, started cursing when they found out the truth. 
Without a second thought, they sent Sebastian the IP address of the research personnel. 
Immediately after Sebastian got his hands on the information he needed, he moved out to take the said personnel into custody. 
He showed up at the hospital with fully armed forces and took Grayson by surprise because the said research personnel was someone beyond their expectation. 
She was the most famous gynecologist of the hospital, the one in charge of Sasha’s check-up throughout her pregnancy. 
Grayson was heartbroken because she was there ever since the day he joined the hospital. He ended up stuttering when he figured out the truth, “H-Helen, how is that possible! S-Since when—” 
What’s going on? Why has she chosen to work for the evildoer? Why on earth is she doing his biddings? 
Helen was relatively calm; she must have long foreseen others confronting her a long time ago. She remarked in a callous tone, “What’s wrong? Am I not allowed to swear my allegiance to others when you’re loyal to the Jadesons? Once he made it to the throne, it’s your turn to suffer!” 
She showed no signs of remorse and thought it wasn’t a big deal since it was only a matter of time until others arose to the throne. 
Overwhelmed by wrath, Grayson ended up shivering in front of others. 
It was then Sebastian asked, “You’ve sworn allegiance to him, but has he ever thought of including you and your family as members of the White House once he arose to the throne?”
He seemed to have hit on her sore spot because her expression darkened seconds after she heard him. 
Sebastian added, “Has he honored his promise of promoting your son as his aide? You’re merely one of his many pawns, but you took his words seriously because of the promise he made to the Durant family. Unfortunately, you’re the only surviving member of the family. Am I wrong?” 
He finished his sentence nonchalantly because he couldn’t care less about the things awaiting the woman in front of him. 
The Durant family? 
Those in the room, including the person of interest, turned around with looks of disbelief and thought it was one of Sebastian’s attempts to lure the mastermind out of hiding. 
The woman was the only one losing her cool when she couldn’t be bothered by the man’s harsh remarks a few minutes ago.
###Chapter 1269
Chapter 1269
Chapter 1269 Send My Regards To Your Wife 
“What do you mean? What does this have to do with the Durant family? Stop making things up!” 
Sebastian asked in a callous tone, “Are you sure you’re not aware of the things I’m talking about as the sole successor of the Durant family, Felicity?” 
In order to stop the woman from going berserk, he started emanating an intimidating presence to keep her in check. 
Silence fell once again as the rest in the office, including Grayson, wondered if they had been hearing things when Sebastian repeated himself for another time. 
Hasn’t the woman by the name of Felicity from the Durant family passed on two decades ago? 
She was Alfred’s girlfriend! She paid me a visit when she was pregnant! However, she disappeared into thin air out of the blue! When Janice found her, she told the rest Felicity was dead! 
Just what the heck is going on? Why has she shown up in the hospital as a visiting physician for so many years? 
The woman had no intention to confess just yet. She yelled, “Stop making things up! You’re merely trying to hold me accountable for the things someone else has done! I’m Helen!” 
Sebastian sneered and beckoned Devin to show her hands to the rest in the office. 
“See? Although you’re a doctor, as a member of the Durant family, the way you carry yourself as a doctor is different from the rest! It’s the same for Janice!”
When everyone turned around and looked at the hand of the experienced surgeon, her delicate-looking hand surprised them. 
Usually, there would be wrinkles all over the hands of an experienced surgeon, but that wasn’t the case for Helen. 
The equally experienced Grayson muttered to himself, “How is that possible? Just look at my hands!” 
It was then Sebastian announced, “It’s one of the special techniques of the Durant family! They’re able to conduct surgical operations using just one hand! Therefore, only one of her hands is affected!” 
Once again, silence fell in the office as colors started draining from the face of the woman. She stammered, “S-Since when have you figured out my actual identity? Weren’t you at Golden Heights in the morning?” 
“You shouldn’t have sent your men to go after us! When he showed up, I saw the name of Juliet in the official record of the Limmer family!” 
Juliet? 
When Sebastian brought up someone else out of the blue, the rest in the room felt confused all over again. 
Devin turned around and asked with his brows arched in confusion, “How is this person related to whatever’s going on?” 
“Juliet is Eddie’s aunt! She was married to someone from Xenhall! In other words, she’s also the aunt of Janice and Felicity! You know Eddie’s going to do everything it takes to make the most out of his pawns, don’t you? Do you think he’s going to leave the famous Durant family alone when they’re quite influential in Xenhall?”
The woman with a pale and haggard look closed her eyes as she knew it was over for her. 
She was none other than the woman others thought had passed on two decades ago. 
When the pregnant woman showed up at Jadeborough, Alfred dismissed her after rising to power. 
He took her into custody against her will because he was afraid she would leverage on his successor to bring upon his downfall in the future. 
Initially, she thought of returning to Xenhall immediately after delivering her child. To her surprise, the man sent someone to take her son away from her. 
As a result, she thought it was time to put an end to her miserable life and tried committing suicide. However, someone rushed to her rescue in the nick of time and brought her back to life. 
“Was it Eddie or your idea to send your son to the Sheerwood family?” 
She guffawed and announced with a vicious smirk, “It was mine! It was one of my attempts to get my revenge against the shameless man! I want him to feel the pain and sorrow of having his son bringing upon his undoing!” 
The woman was no longer in her right mind. She swapped Isaac, her biological son, with others just to get her revenge. 
It wasn’t much of a surprise to figure out the maniac was the one bringing upon the demise of the Durant family, including Janice and Kingston. 
Sebastian warned her, “You’re going to bear the consequences of your actions in the near future!” 
Scowling, the vicious woman turned around and asked, “Oh? What about you, Sebastian? Isn’t your wife on the verge of dying as well? Are you aware she has miscarried? I’m the one who made her
pregnancy a success because it’s going to take a toll on her system!” 
Grayson’s eyes widened in disbelief. He thought of rushing over to stop her from provoking Sebastian, but he was too late. 
The young man next to her had reached her, asking at the top of his lungs, “Come again? What have you done?” 
“Can’t you hear me? Aren’t you aware she was never pregnant? She’s merely the vessel of my experiment! The thing inside her was the outcome of my hard work! I’ve always wondered if it’s going to turn out fine! To my surprise, it turns out just fine!” 
Unable to keep his cool any longer, he yelled, “To h*ll you go!” 
He took over the gun of the armed forces next to him and took aim at the woman in front of him.
###Chapter 1270
Chapter 1270
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1270 
“Sebastian, you need to calm down!” 
In the nick of time, Devin rushed over and stopped Sebastian from trying anything rash because he knew it was an attempt of the woman to provoke Sebastian into killing her. 
She knew she couldn’t afford to be imprisoned by others. Therefore, she had to hit on the man’s sore spot. In other words, it was Sasha’s pregnancy. 
Since this vicious woman’s the one behind Sasha’s pregnancy, she’s the only one capable of reversing whatever’s done! 
Devin tried to stop irrational Sebastian from going berserk, but he was too late. 
Once Felicity figured out Devin had seen through her plan, she reached for the watch on her wrist and ignite the portable device of hers. 
Devin yelled with his eyes widened, “Move out of the office at once!” 
He jumped aside with Sebastian in his arms immediately after he warned the rest to evacuate. 
Bam! 
A thunderous crack filled the scene shortly after the heavy blow sent some flying out of the window. 
“H-Help me!” 
Unable to run away in time, Grayson was blown away as well. Thankfully, he managed to hold on to something in the nick of time.
The heavily injured man yelled for help when he was drenched in blood. 
“Hold on and try climbing up!” 
Thankfully, Devin was around. He braced himself through the racking sensation and rushed to Grayson’s rescue once he returned to his senses. 
Meanwhile, it took Sebastian a few seconds to snap out of confusion. Once he sat upright, he surveyed the surroundings and found out everything was in a mess. 
There were casualties everywhere. A few of the armed forces he brought along seemed to have passed out. 
Unsure if they were still alive or not, he clenched his fist in angst. 
“Sebastian, are you fine?” Devin, who had returned after checking on the casualties, asked as he was afraid something was wrong with Sebastian since his face was soaked in blood as well. 
On top of that, there were wounds on his arms. Had Devin failed to jump aside with him in the nick of time, he might end up like the unconscious ones around them. 
“Sebastian?” 
After a short while, Sebastian muttered to himself, “What have I done?” 
Devin wasn’t sure if he was supposed to answer Sebastian’s query. In the end, he tried to bring him up and sent someone to take him home. 
All of a sudden, Sebastian rushed in the direction of the doctor’s office in spite of the mess. He started searching high and low as if there was something he desperately needed. 
“Sebastian!” Unaware of the things Sebastian was up to, Devin went after him to ensure he was safe.
Sebastian wouldn’t stop going through the pile of rubble when most of the documents, including the computer, had been destroyed. 
What is he looking for? Is he trying to get his hands on the outcome of the vicious woman’s hard work? 
Instead of stopping him, Devin instructed the ones available to join Sebastian to acquire the things they might need. 
Sebastian had long foreseen Felicity committing suicide. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have brought the armed forces along with him. 
Devin was glad they were well equipped with riot control equipment. That was precisely the reason the damage was minimal. 
Felicity was able to get the better of him because she had hit on his sore spot at the end of the confrontation. 
Sebastian spent quite some time trying to gather the information he needed. However, his effort was to no avail since medical records of the patients of the hospital were the only things available. 
There’s no way she’s going to leave something as important as such here when she’s here undercover! I must have lost my mind! 
Sebastian knew he needed to stop wasting his time. He fell into a vicious cycle of despair and staggered. 
“Sebastian—” 
Devin rushed over to his rescue and stopped him from falling.
“Are you okay? You need to calm down! We’ll try our luck somewhere else since there’s no way she’s going to leave the things we’re looking for here!” 
Is that really the case? I’m afraid not because Eddie is on par with Sebastian in terms of intelligence! On top of that, he’s way more experienced than us since he’s older than us! 
Sebastian remained seated on the bench for a long time because he thought he was the one accountable for the miseries of the ones he held dear. 
Why am I even here? Have I turned a blind eye to whatever’s going on, are we going to live a blissful life as a family of five at Miralaea? Why have I gotten myself and my family involved?
###Chapter 1271
Chapter 1271
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1271 
He looked up the sky with torrents of grief streaming down his cheeks for the first time in forever. 
Those around him, including the doctors, fell silent when they saw the man’s pair of eyes brimming with tears. 
They were well aware their country was safe and sound because of the weeping man. Had it not been for him, they might be the ones suffering. 
Therefore, they truly felt the man’s agony and thought the least they could do was to leave him alone. 
“Sebastian! Where are you?” 
The one breaking the silence was the woman rushing up the stairs. 
She was startled by the mess on the higher levels of the hospital and ended up yelling once she made it to the lobby. 
Devin’s eyes gleamed when he heard her. He marched out of the office, yelling while rushing towards her, “Sasha, we’re here!” 
Thrilled by the presence of Devin upstairs, Sasha looked up and repeated after him, “Is Sebastian upstairs as well?” 
“Yes, hurry up and join us upstairs!” 
Those around Sebastian were glad Sasha had made it to the hospital since she was the one the dejected man needed to pull himself together.
Seated in a pile of rubble, the man looked up and caught a glimpse of a woman in a yellow dress looking at him in the eyes with a concerned look. 
“Are you okay? Are you hurt? Show me your wounds if you’re hurt!” she repeated her question since Sebastian seemed to be unaware of her presence. In the end, she thought of inspecting the man’s wounds to figure out his actual condition. 
Sebastian was startled by the presence of the woman when he felt her fingers on his wrists. He was glad it wasn’t an imagination because she was merely an arm’s length away from her. 
He greeted her in a hoarse and quivering voice, “Darling—” 
Sasha looked at him in the eyes and asked, “What’s wrong? Is everything—” 
She was equally startled by the man’s response and thought she had been hearing things because he never once showed her his vulnerable side throughout the years. 
What the hell is going on? Wasn’t it just another explosion? Was there something more to it? 
She was made aware there was an explosion, but that was pretty much everything others told her when she was on her way there. 
“Y-Your—” 
Sasha found out the man’s concerns when he gasped out a word with his eyes glued to her stomach. 
Her face turned pale and haggard because she thought he might have figured out her miscarriage. 
H-Has Grayson told him everything? 
The flustered Sasha stuttered, “I-I’m so sorry for keeping you in the dark. I-I was merely afraid the news would get in your way. You don’t have to worry because I’ll take care of myself and see if we can have
another additional member of the family in the future.” 
She assured him it wasn’t the end when she wasn’t sure if it was possible for her to get pregnant again in the future. 
It was merely an attempt of hers to keep the man sane. 
Sebastian gaped at the things Sasha brought up. Those around them responded in a similar manner when they figure out the truth. 
He paused for quite a long time before asking the question, “A-Are you telling me you have miscarried?” 
Sasha felt overwhelmed and repeated herself with an apologetic look, “It happened about a month ago. I think our child—” 
The man held her firmly in his arms, stopping her from finishing his sentence as he was thrilled by the great news. 
Seriously? It turns out it’s not the end for us! 
Sebastian couldn’t even recall the last time he was as excited as such. He wrapped his arms around her to express his emotions. 
He was the only one he cared about. To be precise, he was ready to put his life to an end to join her in the afterworld if something were to happen to her. 
Those around them heaved a sigh of relief because of the drastic turn of events for the better. 
On their way out of the hospital two hours later, Devin couldn’t suppress his curiosity anymore. He asked, “Sasha, when did you figure out something was wrong with your child?”
Sasha thought it was time to share everything with the rest. “I need to thank Aunt Sharon!” 
“Why?” 
“The jade she gave me worked like a charm against radioactive substances! Since the child was a radioactive source, the jade shattered after quite some time!”
###Chapter 1272
Chapter 1272
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1272 
Sebastian had been holding Sasha’s hands over the past two hours because he was afraid of losing her. 
He turned around and asked when he heard her sharing the incident with them, “Was that the reason you had to take a toilet break the other day?” 
“Yes, I paid Dr. Wallen a visit as soon as we returned to Jadeborough. He acquired the aid of a radioactive specialist and found out our child was the radioactive source when I told him I had been bleeding. It was then I knew our child was never meant to be a member of the family.” 
After pausing for a few seconds, she continued with her orated speech, “I made something up and dropped by Aquene Temple with Dr. Wallen for manual abortion.” 
She turned around and looked at the man with her eyes flickering in despair. “I’ve buried the remains of our child at the temple. If you wish to pay our child your last tribute, I’ll tag along and show you the way to the resting ground.” 
Sebastian fastened his grip and nodded. He was determined to pay their child his last tribute because, at the end of the day, it was their child. 
Shortly after they returned to Oceanic Estate, Sebastian gathered everyone around for a short meeting after pulling himself together. 
Apart from Devin and Jonathan, the mainstay of the army, as well as the representatives of the White House, were there as well. 
They had gathered around to discuss their next best course of action to take Eddie out. Hence, Sasha and Sabrina weren’t included in the meeting.
One of them was occupied with a crawling infant while the other one couldn’t move her eyes from her grandmother’s piece of note. 
Sabrina asked, “It’s truly the last battle, isn’t it?” 
“I think so since we’ve taken out Felicity, the one he relies on the most. Unless he has something else hidden up his sleeves, it’s almost impossible for him to take us on,” Sasha added since she was of the same idea. 
Sabrina’s eyes gleamed when she heard Sasha’s analysis. She announced, “Great! I wasn’t sure if I should throw Jaena a birthday party, but I think it’s no longer a concern!” 
“I’m such an irresponsible aunt! How could I forget it’s almost Jaena’s first birthday?” 
Sasha put her grandmother’s piece of note aside and returned to the side of her adorable niece. 
Unlike Vivian, who was quite a silly little girl, Jaena’s such an adorable little girl! See! She’s smiling again! 
“I’ll get you a huge present as soon as you greet me!” 
“M-Mommy—” 
Unsure of the things Sasha had brought up, the little girl burst out laughing while clapping her hands. 
Sabrina was glad Sasha was around to keep her daughter company because she was in desperate need of a break. 
She remarked once she saw Sasha’s grandmother’s piece of note, “I’m still trying to acknowledge the fact your grandmother was the reason the nation triumphed during the war at North Sea.” 
“You know what? It’s the same for me!”
Sasha felt proud of her grandmother. After all, her grandmother had fought alongside the founding father of the nation decades ago. 
A short while later, Sabrina noticed something odd with the shattered piece of note. 
What’s with this red dot over here? It seems quite familiar! 
Devin was surprised when Sabrina returned to the room with the piece of note and showed it to him, asking with her brows arched in confusion, “Hey, is this red dot Coldbridge?” 
Coldbridge? 
He returned to his table with the piece of note and started perusing it in a serious manner. 
Coldbridge was merely a four-hour drive journey away from Jadeborough. He could vividly recall the time he was there because of the conflict he had with others. 
Therefore, he had his doubts when Sabrina shared her speculation with him. After all, North Sea was thousands of miles away from Coldbridge. 
To his surprise, when he compared the location marked on the piece of note against the map, he found out Sabrina was right. 
Unable to fathom the things going on, he muttered to himself, “How is that possible?” 
“See? Why don’t you ask Sebastian if he’s aware of it? Sasha’s grandmother would never mark it for no reason, would she?” 
Devin finally linked the missing pieces of puzzles together. In order to verify his speculations, he instructed his subordinate to send him a copy of the military map.
A few minutes later, he got his hands on the map with the details of their past and upcoming operations. 
It turned out Coldbridge was linked to a vital route for water transport leading to the North Sea. 
Oh, God! Sasha has such an awesome grandmother! She has actually foreseen the importance of establishing a route for water transport years ago! 
No wonder they were able to retreat so soon even after suffering defeat at North Sea! This must be the reason they were able to keep casualties to a minimum! 
Most importantly, they were able to keep the remaining forces safe from their foes in case of the worst! 
Devin was dumbstruck once he figured out the importance of the seemingly trivial route. 
If this route is no longer in use, what’s it being used for as of now? Judith’s death remains a mystery up until today! Not even Louis was conscious of the truth of her death! He merely mentioned something along the line of the honorable woman sacrificing herself during the war at North Sea! Just what’s the truth?
###Chapter 1273
Chapter 1273
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1273 
Devin knew he needed to make a trip to Coldbridge. Thus, he got himself ready and departed early in the morning. 
“Are you sure you’re going alone? Have you told Sebastian of your upcoming plan?” Sabrina asked when he shared his upcoming plan with her. 
“I think it’s better to leave him alone for the time being,” Devin remarked with a frown when he heard Sabrina’s question. 
“He has quite a lot of things on his plate since Sasha isn’t really feeling well. I don’t wish to add to his burden with something as trivial as such,” he added after pausing for a few seconds. 
Devin thought he was accountable for Sebastian’s misery when Sebastian went through an emotional breakdown shortly after the accident at the hospital. 
He had never seen Sebastian so helpless throughout the years. All along, Sebastian was the most formidable corporate player in Avenport. 
As a matter of fact, he was supposed to be having the time of his life with his family had he stayed away from the affairs of the Jadesons. 
However, he got himself involved and braced himself through countless challenges for the sake of the family. 
Therefore, Devin was against the idea of getting Sebastian involved again. 
On the day he left, he told Sebastian he would return to Naval Base ahead of him to get everything ready.
Sebastian wasn’t suspicious at all since Naval Force was greatly undermanned then. Since Xayden would be dropping by Oceanic Estate soon, he couldn’t be bothered by other things as well. 
Against the idea of Devin leaving without Sebastian, Sasha asked concernedly, “Are you sure it’s fine for Devin to leave ahead of you?” 
Her husband shook his head and assured her, “I’m sure it’s fine. Have you forgotten he’s an experienced combatant? Now, why don’t you tell me if you’re feeling unwell or not?” 
Sasha found the man’s response hilarious since she seemed to be the only one he cared about. 
Chuckling, she announced, “I’m fine! You need to stop making a fuss out of everything! Have you forgotten I’m also a doctor? I’ve long gotten in touch with Xayden on the day I found out something was wrong!” 
Her husband let out a sigh of relief when she told him she had everything under control. 
In the afternoon, Xayden showed up with a pleasant surprise for everyone. He had returned with the three little ones. 
“Mommy, we’re home!” 
“Mommy!” 
“Mommy!” 
Sebastian remained standing next to Sasha as their children rushed to Sasha’s side immediately after alighting from the car. 
Ian returned to him shortly after he greeted Sasha, stopping Sebastian from overthinking things when he was about to get envious.
“Daddy!” 
Ian was almost as tall as his father after being apart for such a long time. Sebastian caressed the hair of his son and asked, “Why have you guys tagged along with Xayden?” 
His son looked at him and asserted, “Daddy, we wish to be of aid as members of the family! It’s the least we can do in times of emergencies!” 
Sebastian was startled as the nine-year-old little boy reminded him of his younger self when he was ten. 
It was the same when I was young! Otherwise, Dad wouldn’t have taken me in when he was aware of my actual condition! 
Overwhelmed by emotions, Sebastian instructed Wendy to take their children away with her since it was time to get to business. 
A few minutes later, he showed Xayden the way to the treatment room in Oceanic Estate. 
Once Xayden retrieved the bottle of blue solution, he murmured, “I’m not really sure if it’s going to work! Are you sure you wish to proceed?” 
Sebastian rolled his eyes and asked in return, “Are you kidding me? Weren’t you the one who came out with this?” 
Xayden felt a chill running down his spine and knew it was time for him to keep his concerns to himself. 
On the other hand, Sasha urged, “You need to stop startling Xayden since he’s just in charge of the research! What are you expecting from him when he wasn’t even given any sample to work with?” 
She rendered Sebastian speechless because she had a point.
Actually, the goofy prodigy was the only member of SteelFort capable of irking Sebastian. 
In the end, Sasha suggested conducting a blood test as a temporary countermeasure. 
Those in the room were on pins and needles as the cells started regenerating at top speed under the microscope. 
However, the cells spiraled out of control and mutated when they thought things would turn out fine. 
What the heck! 
Sebastian launched a powerful kick in the direction of Xayden while warning the goofy young man, “Can you be mindful of your actions? Aren’t you aware you’re conducting trials with my wife’s blood? She’s not a freaking lab rat!” 
Xayden felt aggrieved and intimidated because of the man’s merciless kick.
###Chapter 1274
Chapter 1274
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1274 
Hello? I wouldn’t even hesitate to run the trails if there were lab rats with similar conditions for me! 
In the end, Xayden knew he had to start all over again because he couldn’t allow anything to go wrong. 
When Vivian found out the things going on, she approached the aggrieved Xayden with some light refreshments and said, “You don’t have to be upset! Just finish this and try again! I’m sure you can save Mommy soon!” 
Vivian was no longer the silly little girl she used to be. Instead, she seemed to have turned into an understanding little girl. 
Xayden spent most of his time in the treatment room. 
Sebastian and Sasha knew it was only a matter of time until she could get rid of the radioactive substances in her system. 
Therefore, Sebastian knew it was time for him to join Devin at Naval Base. 
Prior to Sebastian’s departure, Jonathan assured Sebastian the rest of his family was in good hands with him, “You need to take good care of yourself. Just leave the rest to me. I’ll ensure everyone at home is safe and sound.” 
Sebastian nodded since he knew Jonathan would definitely keep everyone safe as long as they were at Jadeborough. 
He departed shortly after bidding farewell to the ones he held dear in mind.
Sasha had her eyes glued to the man’s departing figure until he made it out of the mansion. When she turned around, she found out her sister-in-law had a relatively odd expression. 
She asked, “Sab, are you okay?” 
“H-Huh? O-Oh! I-I’m fine!” Sabrina shook her head and assured Sasha everything was fine because she knew she had to keep the rest in the dark. 
I need to keep Devin’s actual whereabouts a secret from the rest, but is it possible when Sebastian is currently on his way to Naval Base? What if Sebastian finds out Devin isn’t there? 
Sabrina’s mind was all over the place. Once she returned to her room, she accessed her phone to see if the man had reverted to her. 
Unfortunately, it had been two days since she last heard from Devin. Therefore, she couldn’t help but wonder if his life was in danger. 
What am I supposed to do? Jake! Jake’s at Coldbridge, isn’t he? I’ll call him and ask if he’s aware of Devin’s whereabouts! 
She made the call seconds after she thought of someone she could rely on. Nevertheless, it was another futile attempt. 
“The number you have dialed, cannot be reached at this moment—” 
What is happening? Why can’t I reach him at all? 
Unable to keep herself calm anymore, she switched off her phone and rushed out of the room while yelling, “Sasha, where are you?”
“What’s wrong?” Sasha rushed out of the room when she was about to doll Vivian up after the little girl’s shower. 
“Sasha, Devin’s missing! What am I supposed to do?” 
“Huh? What do you mean he’s missing? Hasn’t he headed to Naval Base ahead of Sebastian?” 
“No! He headed to Coldbridge because of the marking he found on the piece of note your grandmother left behind! It turned out to be an escape route! He told me to keep everyone in the dark because he didn’t want to trouble anyone! However, it has been two days since I last heard from him!” 
Sabrina finally let the cat out of the bag. She could barely finish her sentence without cracking her voice. 
Sasha couldn’t even catch her breath due to the absurdity of the truth. 
Oh, God! Can they stop causing us trouble when things are so chaotic? Isn’t he aware we’re going to be worried if something happens to him? 
As infuriated as she might be, she reached for her phone and called Sebastian, who had just departed a short while ago. 
It took the man on the other end a few seconds to snap out of bewilderment. He was equally confused and infuriated by the truth. 
After suppressing to urge to go berserk, he instructed Sasha, “Alright, I’ll take a detour to Coldbridge at once! I want you to tell Grandpa to send a team of fully equipped elite my way!” 
“Alright!”
Sasha knew it was a serious issue. Thus, she rushed upstairs immediately after she wrapped up the conversation with her husband. 
When she found Jonathan, she told him everything, including Sebastian’s upcoming plan. 
Jonathan couldn’t suppress the urge to pick on Devin. He reprimanded his grandson for being a fool before instructing those from the military base to dispatch a team of elites to assist Sebastian. 
Sabrina, who was there throughout the conversation, felt aggrieved and thought they shouldn’t blame Devin when their safety was the sole reason behind his decisions. 
Devin wasn’t as incompetent as Jonathan remarked—he made up his mind to check out the hideout because he thought he possessed the capabilities to investigate it out without others. 
After all, he was once the commander of the special forces. 
They couldn’t get in touch with Devin because he was out of range of the reception towers. He had long made it to the bottom of the river of Coldridge with Jake since that was the precise location of the hideout. 
“Devin, where are we? Are we still going ahead when we’ve been traveling nonstop for a little more than two days?”
###Chapter 1275
Chapter 1275
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1275 
Jake regretted his decision to tag along with Devin because there didn’t seem to be an end to the alley. They were still in the middle of nowhere after walking nonstop for a long time. 
Devin turned around after inspecting their surroundings with the torch. He announced, “If I’m not mistaken, this route leads us all the way to North Sea.” 
“Huh?” 
Jake thought he had been hearing things. He asked, “Are you serious? North Sea? Isn’t that a few thousand miles away from us?” 
Devin found Jake hilarious because the man, who spent most of his time doing nothing, knew it was a mission impossible for him. 
“I’m pretty sure there’s a checkpoint for emergencies since it’s such a long route. That’s the destination of the trip.” 
“What are we going to do once we reach the first checkpoint?” 
Staring at the map in his hands, Devin announced, “Once we reach the first checkpoint, we’ll see if we can make our way up and hail a cab home.” 
Jake heaved a sigh of relief and thought it wasn’t a mission impossible. 
Devin paid Jake a visit to get himself familiar with the town, but Jake insisted on tagging along when he found out Devin was about to go on an adventure. In the end, Devin had to bring Jake along for the trip.
After another two hours, Devin finally came to the end of the tunnel when Jake was about to go through another emotional breakdown. 
On top of that, they heard the rustling sound of streams coming from afar. Thrilled, Devin announced, “We’re finally here!” 
Unable to contain his excitement anymore, Jake rushed to Devin’s side and saw a dome that was about the size of a football field in front of them. 
Jake was surprised by the sort of military equipment available in the spacious dome. He asked, “Are these military equipment? Is this some kind of armory?” 
Devin was equally startled—he wondered if Judith had built such a magnificent hideout for her comrades-in-arms again. 
Upon a simple inspection, he found out the equipment seemed to have been around for more than a decade. In short, it was safe to assume Judith was the brain behind everything. 
This seems to be the contingency plan she has devised just in case of the worst. After all, there were countless variables because of the war. 
It’s time to leave since there’s nothing else around here. If I don’t hurry up and show Jake the way out, I’m afraid he’s going to pass out for real. Where’s the entrance or the exit of this gigantic dome? 
Out of the blue, Jake, who was behind Devin, stopped him and asked, “Wait, Devin! What is that?” 
Once Devin turned around, Jake added, “What’s with the design of this grenade? Isn’t this too modern? It seems just like the ones in my game!” 
Jake was confused by the grenades he accidentally discovered when he was about to leave because grenades weren’t really a thing a few decades ago.
Staring at the thing in Jake’s hand, Devin was taken aback by the ghastly possibilities awaiting them. 
“Devin?” Jake turned around and repeated himself with a goofy look because the man ahead of him failed to answer his query. 
Out of the blue, the man ahead of him turned around and unveiled everything nearby. 
Swoosh! 
He felt a chill running down his spines because there were countless grenades with a similar design there. 
Others might not be aware of the presence of these weapons capable of mass destruction since no one seems to be aware of the precise location of the route. 
Colors drained from Devin’s face as he continued unveiling everything nearby. He knew it was a dire situation the moment he found out the entire dome had been filled with similar weapons. 
“Holy! What’s going on? There’s no way these have been around for more than a decade when they have such a contemporary design!” 
It didn’t take much for Jake, an outsider, to tell the difference between the grenades from the ones more than a decade. 
It took Devin quite some time to gather his thoughts. He finally stopped himself from shivering when he recalled he had to leave and get in touch with others as soon as possible.
###Chapter 1276
Chapter 1276
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1276 
Someone was here! They must’ve changed the weapons! Although those seemed to be weapons of the olden days, that’s not the case! 
They’re merely trying to deceive others because these are precisely the weapons with nuclear waves we’re searching for! 
In other words, the vicious man has turned these checkpoints into his personal armories! This must be the reason we couldn’t get our hands on these over the years! 
Beep! Beep! Beep! 
Once Devin linked the missing pieces of puzzles together, the clamor took them by surprise when they were on their to the ladder to get out of the checkpoint. 
The confused Jake stopped and asked in an attempt to figure out the source of the noise, “Devin, what ‘s with that alarm?” 
It was then Devin grasped Jake’s hand and rushed forward, urging with a serious look, “We need to hurry up and leave because this checkpoint is going to blow up soon!” 
Jake finally figured out their lives were at stake. Therefore, he started climbing up the ladder with Devin at top speed. 
Immediately after the alarm went off, they heard voices of the system counting down as if the entire armory was about to blow off. 
“Ten! Nine! Eight!”
Holy! We need to hurry up! 
Devin’s concerns were the safety of those nearby. He had to reach others to prevent a catastrophic event from bringing upon the demise of those nearby. 
Otherwise, countless innocent lives might be sacrificed as a result of his recklessness if the first checkpoint was built under a densely populated city. 
“Devin, what’s wrong with you? Hurry up and climb up the ladder!” 
Jake, who was halfway through the ladder, yelled when he found out the man behind him seemed to have something else in mind. 
Devin ignored him because his phone had finally regained signal to reach others. Without a second thought, he made a call and instructed, “I need you to check if there’s anyone inhabiting my current coordinate! If there’s any, evacuate the inhabitants at once!” 
“Five! Four! Three!” 
Seconds after he hung up his call, the weapons in the armory blew off and sent him flying away from the ladder. 
Jake, who was slightly ahead of Devin, was sent flying in a similar manner due to the pressure. 
Bam! 
It was one of the most horrifying explosions Devin had ever encountered throughout his life. It wasn’t much of a surprise since those were weapons made out of nuclear waves. 
The explosion was on par with the ones caused by weapons of mass destruction. Therefore, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to classify those as one.
The base of the spacious dome cracked when Devin thought it was the end of their lives. It seemed as if the explosion had triggered the self-defense mechanism at the checkpoint. 
Bam! 
In the nick of time, water gushed in from the crack and washed away weapons in the armory with strong tidal waves. 
Jake and Devin were also washed away by the strong current shortly after the entire dome was filled with water. 
Nonetheless, they thought it was a blessing in disguise since they might make it out alive once they braced themselves through the waves. 
Devin tried to find his way to safety by running his hands across the wall shortly after he was washed away. 
Thankfully, he managed to hold on to the rail in the middle of nowhere and stopped himself from being washed away by the strong current. 
The weapons were washed away by the strong current within a few minutes. A muffled bang could be heard from time to time since some of those continued detonating in the water. 
Holy moly! Was I merely a step away from hell? 
Jake, who managed to stop himself from drowning by holding on to a net, was on the verge of breaking down once he gathered his thoughts. 
“D-Devin, what the hell is going on? Are we still alive or not?”
It took Devin some time to gather his thought and verify the fact they were still alive. He remained silent while hanging to the wall. 
Once he had a clear glance, he figured out the honorable woman had built the checkpoints nearby the sea.
###Chapter 1277
Chapter 1277
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1277 
She must’ve taken everything, including potential accidents of the armory, into consideration! It was one of her many countermeasures to build the route next to the sea to prevent catastrophic events in times of emergencies! 
I’m sure the vicious Eddie isn’t aware of these! He thought of making use of the route to store the weapons for his personal gain, but he had never taken Judith’s countermeasure into consideration! 
These are precisely the things setting them apart from one another! This is the reason he will never be a match for the honorable woman! She was the sole reason the nation triumphed in the war of North Sea! 
By the time Devin returned to the ground, there was only a pile of rubble next to the seemingly bottomless hole in the middle of the dome. 
Seconds after Jake rendezvoused with Devin, he asked, “What are we going to do next? Shall we head upstairs?” 
Devin nodded and started climbing his way out of the dome with Jake again. It was another tedious journey, but they finally made it to the surface. 
They secretly gulped when they saw skyscrapers all around them when they finally made it out of the dome. 
It turned out Sebastian was nearby when he received the call from Devin. After conducting a thorough analysis with the copy of the military map he had, he concluded the first checkpoint of the route was somewhere nearby the coastal city. 
Therefore, it didn’t take long for him to reach the duo shortly after the call from Devin.
Standing next to the ladder with his eyes glued to the bottomless hole in the middle of nowhere, Sebastian asked, “What just happened down there? Is everything fine?” 
Devin could no longer pull himself together after making it out alive. He summarized the series of incidents he had just gone through with Jake and shared his speculations with Sebastian. 
Sebastian couldn’t believe the duo was almost dead a few minutes ago. It took him some time to snap out of bewilderment. 
Judith was truly an awesome woman! 
Seconds after he climbed down the ladder to the dome and inspected the surroundings, he dispatched a team to investigate the rest of the checkpoints. 
Another team was also dispatched to inform the authorities of the cities along the route because there might be similar armories throughout the checkpoints along the route. 
He returned and helped Devin up after ensuring he had everything in place to ensure the safety of the innocent inhabitants. 
Sebastian asked in a sarcastic manner, “Shall we rush you to the hospital?” 
“That won’t be necessary,” Devin announced while shaking his head. He turned around and looked at Jake. 
A few seconds later, he burst out laughing because Jake wouldn’t stop muttering to himself. Devin suggested, “Why don’t you rush him to the hospital instead? He must be horrified after going through such a life-threatening incident.” 
Jake complained with a frown, “Sebastian, he’s making fun of me again! I’m not as wimpy as he says!”
“Indeed, it was very courageous of you to keep him company for the mission.” Sebastian thought Jake deserved to be complimented. 
The trio leaned against one another since two of them were heavily injured and unable to move around without others’ support. 
“Shall we send you home tonight?” Devin asked. 
“Can we not? I’m afraid Dad’s going to pick on me for trying something reckless if he’s aware I’ve accidentally injured myself again!” Jake rebuked. 
Seconds after Sebastian heard the bickering duo’s conversation, he offered, “If that’s the case, I’ll check all of you into the most luxurious wards available in the hospital.” 
The trio thought it was great to gather around after being apart for such a long time. They couldn’t help but recall the good old days they spent together. 
Unfortunately, things would never be the same because there were merely three of them left when there were once four of them. 
The one supporting the heavily injured duo fastened his grip in silence and warned himself to keep his friends safe at all costs. 
Sebastian headed out early in the morning after spending a carefree night with his friends. He was set on a journey to destroy the rest of the armories as soon as possible. 
Meanwhile, the injured Devin had to stay in the hospital due to the aftermath of the catastrophic event. 
On the other hand, Jake’s father had shown up and brought him home shortly after Sebastian’s departure in the morning.
He asserted in a serious tone when he was at the hospital, “Devin, if you truly consider Jake a close friend of yours, please stop getting him involved in something similar in the future.” 
Jake’s father and Jake were also members of the army years ago. As a matter of fact, Jake and Devin became acquainted during their time in the army. 
When Jake’s father realized the risk associated with the occupation, he thought of dissociating himself from the members of the army. In the end, he joined the corporate world. 
Devin would never resent his friend’s father in spite of his harsh remarks. After all, the man in front of him had tried his best to stay away from the army over the years. 
In the end, Jake had no choice but to leave with his father. 
It was meant to be a trivial incident, but the call Sebastian received unveiled the serious accident going on behind the scene.
###Chapter 1278
Chapter 1278
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1278 
“Hello?” 
Sebastian was about to detonate another armory of the many checkpoints, but he paused when the man on the other end asked with a hoarse voice, “How many of my armories have you destroyed?” 
“Eddie?” 
The man on the other end guffawed because Sebastian’s murderous intent was all over his callous tone. 
“Yes! It’s me! Answer me! How many armories have you destroyed?” 
‘What do you think?” 
“Judith set up more than ten checkpoints throughout the route that was a few thousand miles. I think it’s about time for you to take out the armory of the third checkpoint.” 
He carried on with the conversation in a casual manner just like he had nothing to do with the armories. 
Sebastian sneered and announced, “I’m so sorry to let you down because I’m down to the last one as of now. You don’t think I’m going to take it one at a time, do you?” 
Eddie couldn’t remain calm anymore. Gritting his teeth, he stuttered, “Y-You—” 
The duo had one thing in common—the intention to take out the other party. 
In order to provoke the already irked Eddie, Sebastian switched to speaker mode and detonated the armory after a few seconds.
Bam! 
It wasn’t even necessary for Sebastian to explain he had just blown up another one of Eddie’s many armories. 
Irked, Eddie yelled, “Sebastian, you’re going to regret your decisions!” 
Sebastian dismissed the man and hung up the call before casting the custom-made lighter toward the flushed away explosives. 
The weapons wouldn’t be much of a threat as soon as it was soaked. However, it was of utmost importance to make sure no one could get their hands on it. 
The lighter had been custom-made to destroy the weapons once and for all. 
After a few minutes, Sebastian received another call. As irked as he might be, he picked up the phone and asked, “What?” 
“A-Argh!” someone started shrieking the moment the connection was established. 
Sebastian looked at the screen of his phone and saw Jake yelling, “N-No! S-Spare my father!” 
It turned out Jake and his father had been taken into custody against their will shortly after their departure from the hospital. 
They were imprisoned in some sort of warehouse. Jake’s father was on the verge of passing on while Jake was tied up. 
“Sebastian, you should’ve seen this coming the moment you thought of picking on me!” 
Shortly after the vicious man finished his warning, he launched a powerful strike in the direction of the barely conscious man with a hammer.
In split seconds, there was blood all over the place. The defenseless Jake continued yelling hysterically as his father passed on right before his eyes. 
It was finally Sebastian’s turn to yell at the man on the other end, “Eddie, set him free at once!” 
“I thought of setting them shortly after our conversation, but you hung up on me! Haven’t you had a lot of fun destroying my things? It’s my turn to destroy the ones you hold dear in mind!” 
As the heartless man returned to the side of the defenseless Jake with the hammer, Sebastian couldn’t take it anymore. 
Never would he think he had to grovel himself at the mercy of the vicious man. However, he wasn’t given much of an option to keep his friend safe. 
“No! It was merely a lie! There are quite a few left! As soon as you set him free, I’ll return those to you!” 
Scowling, Eddie stopped and asked, “Are you sure you’re not lying?” 
In an attempt to convince him, Sebastian showed him the map he had with his hands shivering against his will. 
“See! You still have four armories at the underwater checkpoints nearby North Sea! I couldn’t destroy them in time because I hadn’t thought of the escape route for the team after detonating those checkpoints!!” 
A few seconds of silence later, the man on the other hand stopped approaching Jake and returned to the phone. 
“Well, you’re quite an intelligent man, aren’t you? Judith wouldn’t have passed on there if only she put herself ahead of others back in the day!”
“What? Are you telling me she has passed on in an attempt to unveil your malicious plan?” 
“Yes! We had quite a serious conflict because I was against the idea of setting up underwater checkpoints! I warned her of unforeseen circumstances wiping us out, but she insisted it was the right thing to do! I had to prove her wrong! Voila, she must’ve regretted her decisions when she was on the verge of dying!” 
Is this some sort of confession? It turns out this jerk is also the one behind Judith’s demise! I can’t believe he has brought upon the demise of such an honorable woman merely because he’s jealous! 
Sebastian’s bulging veins could be seen on his forehead because he was very close to losing his cool.
###Chapter 1279
Chapter 1279
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1279 
In the end, Sebastian relented for Jake’s sake. 
Thus, the plan to destroy the other three bases was aborted. 
“Mr. Hayes, isn’t that too risky? From what I’ve heard, the ammunition stored in these three bases is way more superior to what we just destroyed. If it ever falls into Eddie’s hands, we’ll be doomed.” 
Karl was worried sick when he heard the news. 
However, Sebastian kept mum. 
His face darkened as he stared at the base they just destroyed. 
Karl was stumped. 
What is he staring at? It’s just a big hole. 
Karl followed his gaze. 
“Can a submarine fit in the waters below?” Sebastian spoke up as he was hit with a sudden realization. 
“Huh?” Karl was stunned. 
“I don’t think so. The minimum water depth of most modern submarines is 400 meters. Even though we’re at the sea bed, I don’t think we’re in the deep sea since they’re capable of digging a tunnel here. Why? Are you thinking of making your way there using a submarine?” 
“Yes.” Sebastian nodded in confirmation.
Indeed, the seabed was the best route for them to get there since they were being blackmailed by Eddie at the moment. However, if submarines won’t work, they would need to think harder for alternatives. 
Restlessness engulfed Sebastian once again. 
It was getting harder for him to keep his cool these days. He would lose his temper and get irritated very easily, especially after Felicity’s incident at the hospital. 
In the end, he gave up and opted to wait for Jake’s news. 
Meanwhile, Devin, who was at the hospital, had also found out about the unexpected turn of events. He found it hard to believe that they were going to hand the ammunition depot over to Eddie just like that. 
“Did Mr. Sebastian not do anything about it? He’s just going to allow Eddie to get away with it?” 
“Yes. So far there’s nothing from him. I’ve only heard Mr. Sebastian asking Mr. Frost if it’s possible to make their way over with a submarine. Mr. Frost told him no and that was the end of it.” 
A member of the special forces reported everything that had happened in detail to Devin. 
Devin found it even harder to believe when he heard the news. 
Sebastian has no plans? 
For real? 
Is it because of Jake? 
Well, he does look like someone who values friendship even though he appears indifferent. Devin couldn’t stand sitting around anymore and left the hospital with his injured lumbar spine.
“Major, are we going to rescue Mr. Chandler?” 
“Yes. Sebastian’s hands are tied probably because of something Eddie had shown him. I need you to get me the advance team. I need to first pinpoint that old man’s location,” Devin said through gritted teeth. 
Hence, he set off to hunt Eddie down after a few minutes of delay. 
Sebastian wasn’t made aware of Devin’s plan since he was still in the tunnel. Nonetheless, he slowly came back to his senses after getting some rest. 
“What time is it now?” 
“It’s been two hours. Mr. Hayes, are we really just going to sit back and do nothing? I have yet to hear back from Mr. Chandler.” 
Karl also felt as if something was off. 
He would have blurted out his question if Sebastian didn’t look so tired in the past two hours. 
Luckily for him, Sebastian stood up right after he finished speaking. 
“Yeah. Call Xayden. I need to ask him something.” 
“Okay.” 
Karl quickly pulled out his phone and dialed Oceanic Estate’s number. 
Sebastian was already reading the military map when Xayden picked up the call after about ten seconds later.
“Is there a way to make these bombs dissolve?” Sebastian asked the first moment the call went through. 
“Pfft!” 
Xayden wasn’t the only one taken by surprise as he spat out the mouthful of water he had just drank onto the lab table. 
Even Karl’s eyes twitched and he looked away upon hearing Sebastian’s request. 
Let the bombs dissolve? 
My dear, do you even know what you’re talking about? These bombs have a boiling point of 1000 degrees Celsius. It’s impossible to dissolve them. 
For the first time ever, Karl felt as if the Mr. Hayes he had held in the highest regard was merely human. 
“N-No, Mr. Hayes, you can’t dissolve nuclear energy,” Xayden replied. 
“So is there any way to dissolve or destroy these bombs in the shortest amount of time? I noticed that even after I set them alight using the lighter you gave me, the weapons are not completely destroyed in the waters.” 
“That’s for sure. The sea water will only crystallize part of the aqueous solution in the lighter and prevent the nuclear reactor core from having a meltdown. You’re asking me to do the impossible right now.” 
Xayden explained everything to Sebastian in layman terms through the phone.
###Chapter 1280
Chapter 1280
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1280 
Sebastian kept quiet after hearing him out. 
On the other hand, Karl was hit with a sudden realization. 
No wonder Mr. Hayes kept staring at the sea bed just now. He was wondering about the lighter. 
My dear Xayden is so smart! 
“So how do you prevent the nuclear core from having a meltdown?” Sebastian spoke up once again after giving it some thought. 
Xayden quickly referred to his messy notebook. 
“By freezing it. Mr. Hayes, it’s still impossible to completely wipe off radioactive waste from the surface of the earth. Nuclear energy is so powerful that nothing on this earth can stop it.” 
“Didn’t you stop it just now?” 
“I just froze it. I’ll give you an example, what can you do when you can’t handle a live lobster in the kitchen? Well, throw it into the freezer and freeze it of course. It’ll stop moving then.” 
Everyone was rendered speechless. 
What a way to explain things. 
Karl turned to face the other direction once again. 
As expected, Sebastian’s face darkened upon his explanation. 
However, he quickly came up with another idea for Xayden to work on.
“Then why don’t we just freeze it? Do you have a way to freeze this part of the ocean in the shortest amount of time? 
“Pfft!” 
Once again, Xayden spat out water. 
He felt indignant. Does he think I’m God? 
Xayden hung up the phone in the end. After a few minutes, Sebastian emerged from the tunnel and was back on land. 
Fresh air rushed into his lungs in that instant and he became wide awake. It also made him feel a lot better. 
Karl went after him. He spoke up when Sebastian kept forging ahead. “Mr. Hayes, what are we supposed to do now? Are we just going to sit around and wait for Xayden to come up with his new invention? Wouldn’t that be too late? There’s only one hour left before you have to meet up with Eddie.” 
He checked the time on his watch. 
However, Sebastian wasn’t particularly bothered. 
“Did I ever say I want it now?” 
“Huh?” Karl widened his mouth in surprise. 
“I thought you want it now… S-So what are we going to do with the three bases?” 
“We’ll just hand it over to him. Wouldn’t it be better if we can just wipe the slate clean? I wouldn’t need to waste so much time and energy to capture them if everything works out.”
Sebastian replied in a chilly tone as he climbed into the car. 
Karl was at a loss for words. 
He stared at Sebastian, who was seated inside the car by now, for a solid ten seconds as his brain went into overdrive. 
What a crazy plan. 
He wanted to beat Eddie at his own game by returning the bases back to him. He would then set up a trap to take Eddie out when he comes in to collect the ammunition stored in these three bases. 
Will his plan really work? 
After all, Eddie is a cunning old fox. 
They never got anything out of him even after coming up with ways to take him down in this period of time. 
Karl was worried sick. 
Sebastian’s plan was absolute madness. He was going against all the rules in hopes that Eddie would fall for it. 
It would be best if Eddie falls into his trap. 
If not, he would be suffering a huge loss when he could have destroyed the three bases with minimal cost and effort. 
Karl couldn’t seem to shake off the worry after thinking things through. 
After one hour, Eddie finally contacted them. He kept his word and let Jake go.
“Sebastian, I will keep my promise since you kept yours. I’ve dropped Jake off at your first checkpoint.” 
Eddie smiled with satisfaction. 
Sebastian tightened his grip on his phone as he stared frostily at his phone screen, whereby Jake was blindfolded and tied up in a chair. He kept quiet and hung up the phone. 
Karl immediately called his men in Coldbridge to pick Jake up upon seeing that. 
Suddenly, however, he received a call from one of Devin’s men. 
“Mr. Frost, any news about Mr. Chandler?” 
Karl was stunned. “Yes. Eddie dropped him off at the first checkpoint just a moment ago. Why?” 
“He’s there? That’s weird. We’re looking for Mr. Chandler as well alongside the Major, but his phone signal clearly indicates that he’s not there,” one of the members of the special forces piped up. 
“Really? Where is he then?” 
“The North Sea!” he answered. 
The North Sea? 
Karl was completely caught off guard. 
Why is he at the North Sea? 
He frowned. “But Eddie just told us that he dropped Mr. Chandler off at the first checkpoint. Could it be that that old geezer purposely placed Mr. Chandler’s phone at the North Sea to confuse us? Honestly, I wouldn’t be surprised if he did that.”
“You’re right. Okay, we’ll head over to the first checkpoint first to check things out.” 
“Okay.” 
After their brief discussion, it was decided that Devin and his men will head over to the first checkpoint to check things out.
###Chapter 1281
Chapter 1281
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1281 
Karl got into the car, planning to leave the site alongside Sebastian. 
“Mr. Hayes, where are we going now? Mr. Jadeson called to inform that they will pick Mr. Chandler up instead. Are we staying here for the night or are we going back to Oceanic Estate?” Karl asked. 
“Back to Oceanic Estate.” Sebastian replied without missing a beat. 
Karl was stunned for a moment. 
So fast? 
Sebastian wouldn’t have been so decisive in the past even though he missed Sasha and the kids. He would usually take into account the bigger picture and make his decision for the betterment of everyone. 
In the end, Karl drove him back to Jadeborough. 
They also received news from Devin when they arrived at Jadeborough saying they had found Jake. He was in shock when they found him and had been sent to the hospital. 
Karl heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing the news. 
“Mr. Hayes, we’ve found Mr. Chandler. He’s fine.” Karl told Sebastian the good news as he alighted the car. 
“Okay. Tell everyone to pull back and wait for my orders.” 
Sebastian relaxed as he got down from the car. He stared at the castle basking in the soft glow of the evening sunset and immediately made his way in.
Karl was rendered speechless. 
Mr. Hayes seems different now. 
He’s turning into a family man. 
Is it because he’s getting older now? 
Karl stared at him in confusion as Sebastian made his way into Oceanic Estate. 
Meanwhile, inside Oceanic Estate. Sasha, who was busy pruning the flower bed, stood up in surprise when she saw Sebastian standing before her. 
“Sebby, you’re back so soon…” 
Sebastian pulled her into his arms before she could even finish her sentence. 
“Darling, did you miss me?” Sebastian asked as he placed his chin on her head and hugged her. 
Sasha blushed. 
When did he become so cheesy? 
Haven’t you noticed that the kids are still around? 
The kids were stifling their giggles as they stared at their parents smilingly. “Let go of me, the kids are here.” She nudged. 
“So what? They’re our kids.” 
Sebastian couldn’t care less. 
Sasha broke out into cold sweat and let him be in the end.
Sabrina also brought Jaena over when she saw Sebastian. “Why are you back so soon? Where’s Devin?” 
“He’ll be back soon, don’t you worry.” 
Sebastian then carried Sasha upstairs before Sabrina could even come up with a reply. 
That night, a scrumptious meal was prepared at the Oceanic Estate. Everyone felt relieved since the main pillar of Oceanic Estate was finally back, including Jonathan. 
Hence, dinner ended on a high note that night. 
However, Sasha noticed that Sebastian stayed at Oceanic Estate for the next few days. He would either spend his time playing with the kids or just follow her around everywhere she goes. 
“Darling, where are you going?” 
“I’m going to see if Xayden is done with your request. Aren’t you in a hurry to get your hands on it?” 
“Okay.” 
His enthusiasm dampened upon hearing that and he let go of her hand. 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
She gave him a good look before making her way downstairs. 
What’s happening? 
Why does it seem like he’s turning into an entirely different person all of a sudden?
Sasha was puzzled. However, she let it slide because she thought he simply wanted to spend more time with her and the kids after being out of town for some time. 
After a few days, Devin was also back at Oceanic Estate. He was very surprised to see Sebastian still there. 
“Sebastian, why are you still here? Don’t you know that something big has happened at the Naval Base?” he asked in anger and frustration. 
Devin rarely gets mad at Sebastian. However, things seem different this time around. Something very serious must have happened for him to question Sebastian the moment he stepped foot into Oceanic Estate. 
Sasha and Sabrina were so shocked that they didn’t dare make a sound. 
Even Jonathan kept his gaze on Sebastian as he waited for an explanation. 
Everyone’s heart sank when they saw Sebastian’s response. He would never allow something like that to happen in the past. However, a look of annoyance flashed across his face when he heard the news. 
“What happened? Did that old man empty the Naval Base?” 
“Yes, it was emptied.” Devin held back his anger as he spoke through gritted teeth. 
At that moment, pin-drop silence ensued in Oceanic Estate. 
What did getting emptied meant? It would mean that all of Eddie’s undercover agents escaped. It was devastating news considering they already had everything under control before this. 
How could he make such a rookie mistake?
###Chapter 1282
Chapter 1282
Color gradually drained from Sasha’s face. 
After staring at the man for a long while, she questioned, “Sebby, how could you let all of them escape? You…” 
“Alright! Drop the subject! I’ll head over there to check it out.” 
Unexpectedly, the man flew into a rage and interrupted her. 
Reluctant to explain himself to anyone, he turned around and stomped away with a surly face. 
Sasha, Devin, and everyone else at Oceanic Estate were baffled, standing rooted to the spot. 
Even after Sebastian had left and gone out of sight, they still could not pull themselves together. 
Why did Mr. Hayes seem to turn into a different person suddenly? 
A sense of foreboding overcame them, especially Sasha. 
When she recollected herself, her hands and feet couldn’t stop trembling. 
“Devin, did he get hurt or meet any accident when he went out with you?” The woman turned to ask the man next to her in a quivering voice. 
Only then it dawned on Devin that something was amiss. 
His face went pale at her question. Shaking his head, he answered, “No, I’ve sent people to guard over him, so nothing unusual happened.” 
“Did you keep a close eye on him at all times? How did he end up this way all of a sudden? This is unreasonable,” Jonathan asked anxiously.
However, no one knew the answer to his question, as there was no accident of any sort. 
The only strange thing that happened was that he stayed in the military underground tunnel for quite some time. 
That was right! 
Karl thought of this and interjected right away. “I remember now. When he was there, he suddenly stopped doing anything after negotiating with Eddie.” 
“What? What do you mean by that?” 
Everyone’s eyes landed on him at once. 
Karl gulped and told them everything that had happened in the military underground tunnel, including the crazy deal between Sebastian and Eddie. 
Afterward, the entire Oceanic Estate fell into pin-drop silence. 
This is not like him at all. Has something gone wrong? Previously, he would never allow such a thing to happen. Why would a wise man like him make such a hasty decision? 
Sasha’s heart sank at this thought. 
The next morning, Sebastian returned. It took at least five to six hours to travel from Jadeborough to the Naval Base. He left the day before in the evening, but now he was back. 
How long did he stay at the Naval Base? 
Gazing at the man who showed up in front of her early in the morning, Sasha was so distressed that she could not utter a word.
“What’s the matter? Aren’t you happy that I’m back?” 
Sebastian’s brows knitted together. 
I only stayed at the Naval Base for a short time and rushed home overnight straight away. Still, she’s unhappy about it. 
“No, I’m not unhappy. My heart aches to see you rush home this way. Sebby, how are things at the Naval Base? Are they settled?” 
Sasha suppressed her feelings, made her way to the man, and wrapped her hands around his arm. 
Sebastian appeared nonchalant as he answered, “What’s there to settle? Everyone has run away. Just let it be. Now the Naval Force is free from parasites like them. I’ve asked Devin to reorganize the team.” 
Are things really that simple? 
Sasha’s heart grew heavier. 
In the afternoon, Jonathan came home from the White House. The Congress had found out about the incident, questioning him what had happened and how such a major mistake came about. 
“Has anything gone wrong with him again? Should we ask Grayson to check on him?” 
A sudden realization hit Jonathan. 
Sasha’s face turned as white as a sheet. 
Though she had thought of this possibility, she refused to accept it.
That very afternoon, after Sebastian fell asleep, she asked Grayson to come over to examine him thoroughly. 
In the end, Grayson found nothing abnormal about him, but asked Sasha a question instead. 
“When you researched his hereditary disease, did you conclude whether it’s recurrent?” 
“What?” 
The woman’s expression changed drastically. 
“I-I’ve never heard about that. Are you suspecting that he’s fallen sick again?” 
“I’m not sure, but according to my experience with mentally ill patients, they would relapse if they’re triggered.” 
No one spoke a word, and the temperature at Oceanic Estate seemed to have dropped all of a sudden. 
Has he been triggered? 
Of course he has. On top of the recent issue about Felicity, I was kidnapped by Eddie from Aquene Temple and almost died in an explosion. Each incident alone is enough to trigger him. 
“I heard that when Jake and his dad were kidnapped by Eddie, Sebastian saw Jake’s dad being hammered to death. Though he wasn’t close to the old man, Jake was still in Eddie’s hands at that time. I guess this was the trigger,” Grayson concluded.
###Chapter 1283
Chapter 1283
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1283 
At his words, everyone was so heartbroken that they were utterly speechless. Standing there, Sasha swayed from side to side before collapsing onto the floor. 
“Sasha!” everyone yelped in shock. 
Sure enough, just as predicted by Grayson, Sebastian’s behavior was getting weirder. 
He refused to go out and answer phone calls. The man even got mad whenever he heard the ringtone, asking others to throw the phone away. 
Needless to say, he was also unwilling to listen to any work reports. 
The man did not give them the slightest chance of opening their mouths. 
Jonathan was in despair. 
Likewise, a feeling of doom and gloom engulfed everyone in the White House, because Sebastian was their backbone and pillar of support. 
Even Shin came down from Aquene Temple. 
Surprisingly, Sebastian showed no distaste when he saw Shin. 
“What’s on your mind?” 
The weather was crisp at the observation tower. Dressed in a grey monk’s robe, Shin gazed at Sebastian, who was enjoying a cup of tea in a chair.
The latter glanced up at him. A few seconds later, Sebastian asked, “Why did you not want to see my mom? She waited for you for years. Don’t you miss her?” 
Shin remained silent. 
As a monk, he would usually refuse to answer such questions. 
He stood there, looking at Sebastian silently for a moment before sitting cross-legged in front of the young man. 
“She’s always in my heart.” 
“Hmm?” 
Sebastian’s motion of drinking tea halted abruptly. 
In his heart? 
He was bewildered by those words. Soon, he pursed his lips and drank the cup of tea in one gulp. 
“Stop making up excuses. Shouldn’t you reflect on your actions? Your hesitation harmed her. Despite knowing the Jadesons would not let her off, you still abandoned her in Avenport. What were you trying to do?” 
Although Shin had been a monk for decades, his face became ashen at his words. 
“Mr. Jadeson…” 
“Don’t be nervous. I’m bringing this up only to tell you that I’m different from you. I’m not a man with great ambition or a strong sense of responsibility, nor do I have a passion for noble causes. My only goal is to protect my wife and children. Even if the country crumbles, it has nothing to do with me,” he added.
Afterward, he started drinking his tea again. 
Shin was at a loss for words, gaping at the young man. 
At that moment, he finally understood his son’s obsession. 
Sebastian had been traumatized by his mother’s death, so he did not want his family to end up like his parents. 
Compared to this country, his family was way more important to him. 
Previously, he had always been forced to endure and persevere through countless adversities. Now that he had a nervous breakdown, he certainly did not want to handle those problems again. 
Before Shin left, he told everyone at Oceanic Estate to let him rest, but not to make him deal with anything else. 
Each of them became even more despondent and down in the dumps. 
Meanwhile, because of his prolonged disappearance, rumors about him spread like wildlife. Many assumed that he was mentally ill again and refused to care about what was going on. 
After the escape of Eddie’s men who infiltrated the Naval Force, the three armories in the military underground tunnel were now in Eddie’s hands once again. 
Though Devin’s men lay in wait nearby, the guileful Eddie managed to enter the tunnel freely and shifted all the weapons in only a week. 
“Hahaha! Even God sides with me! Sebastian has indeed lost his mind at the right time.”
“Yes, Chairman. Is it because we’ve changed the medicine Grayson prescribed for him? Is this why he has gone mad at this crucial moment?” 
In the armory, Eddie broke into gales of laughter. 
Those around him followed and flashed him flattering grins. 
Back then, when Sebastian pretended to be mentally ill and was locked up in The Fourth Hospital, they stealthily changed his medicine prescribed by Grayson so that he would really become deranged. 
After a long while, Eddie’s chortles finally ceased. Staring at the nuclear wave bullets, he replied, “It doesn’t matter how it happened. He’s the biggest obstacle to me. I’m glad that he’s gone. It’s too bad that a talented man like him is not mine. Otherwise, I would be unstoppable.” 
As he spoke, he actually began to feel sentimental. 
His subordinates continued fawning over him and asked, “Chairman, what are we going to do next? Are we going to launch an attack?” 
“Of course. Since Sebastian is now ill and the White House has no leader, we must seize this golden opportunity. Have we deployed our men? Are they ready?” 
“Yes, those in the White House are ready, and the same goes for those lurking all around Jadeborough. By the way, the military base is our main focus. Now Devin is at the Naval Base, so Jonathan is left alone at the military base. Once we transferred these nuclear wave bullets there, our men at the military base will help us bury them in the ground. Afterward, we can wipe out the entire army.”
###Chapter 1284
Chapter 1284
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1284 
With a ferocious smile on his face, that man took out a map and pointed out all the ambush and deployment planned by everyone else. 
If everything were to go according to plan, this war would be over soon. By then, he would have conquered the world. 
“Go ahead.” 
“Noted.” Immediately, the subordinate turned and left, only to be called back by Eddie, who just had a new idea dawned on him. 
“Hang on. Is there any way you could capture that lunatic?” 
“Huh?” The subordinate could not believe his ears. 
“Did you mean… the lunatic from the Jadeson family? Chairman, you…” 
“First and foremost, I’m relieved if he’s in my hands. Additionally, I could really pick his brain. It will work toward my advantage if I’m able to tame him down.” Malice and greed flashed across his wrinkled eyes. 
Indeed, he’s a talent that everyone covets. Back then, his father, Shin, had the exact same fate as him due to his exceptional intelligence. 
Decades had passed, and Shin had never once surrendered to Eddie. The latter kept him alive despite breaking his rib bones. Eddie would torture Shin once every ten days, but he had no intention of killing him.
Thirty years had gone by, Eddie was determined to have Shin’s outstanding son as his pawn. 
“But everyone is watching him now, Chairman. If he’s abducted, it will surely alert the Jadesons.” 
“Have you forgotten about our doppelganger? It’s time to put him to good use.” 
Shocked, the subordinate had never expected Eddie to say such a thing. 
Later in the evening, Sebastian got into a car accident on his way home from the hospital. 
Bang! 
Sitting in the back seat, he was completely caught off guard. As he was swung to the door with a loud thud, he felt a sharp pain on his forehead. Within seconds, his vision went black. 
“Are you okay, Mr. Hayes?” Karl, who was at the driver’s seat, anxiously stabilized the steering wheel and then turned to check on Sebastian. 
Suddenly, the other car collided head-on with theirs, resulting in a loud crash while sending both of them up in the air. 
As a consequence, Sebastian collapsed and lost his consciousness whereas Karl had a temporary black out. 
Moments later, when Karl had regained his consciousness, he realized that he had been tossed out of the car. Their vehicle was totally destroyed, with all the doors were opened. 
“Mr. Hayes! Mr. Hayes!” 
Terror-stricken, he ignored his injuries and used up all of his might to prop himself up. Then, he climbed into the car.
Thank God, he’s still here! 
The man in the car had passed out during the accident. 
Two hours later, Jonathan was seen pacing aimlessly outside of the operating theater at the General Hospital. He was so worked up that his brows were knitted together. 
“Why isn’t he out yet? It’s been forever!” he bellowed with a pair of bloodshot eyes. 
The rest of the Jadesons were also present. They paled at his angry roars. Sasha was especially petrified. If it were not for Sabrina who supported her, the former would not be able to hold it all together. 
Fortunately, the wait was not long before the doors of the operating theater opened. 
“How’s my grandchild? Huh? How is he?” Jonathan was the first one who dashed toward the surgeon. 
Grayson was still suffering from the after-effects of the previous explosion. Hence, he did not take part in the operation. Seeing what happened, he instantly tried to calm Jonathan down. 
Finally, the surgeon spoke, “Don’t worry everyone, Mr. Jadeson is safe. His legs are fractured, and there are signs of a concussion, most likely due to the terrible hit on the head. Thus, he will need to be bedridden for a while.” 
Confined to the bed for a period of time? That’s fine, as long as he’s all right. 
The entire family heaved a sigh of relief. Sasha felt weak in the knees as tears streaked her face uncontrollably. She was scared out of her mind. 
The unconscious Sebastian was then transferred to the ward.
Shortly after, Devin arrived. As soon as he had confirmed that Sebastian was fine, he strode toward another ward to query Karl, “What happened? Was it purely an accident or man-made?” 
“The latter.” Karl was resolute. 
“I could tell that the car had a strong intent to get rid of Mr. Hayes. This is because the driver purposely hit us twice. It wasn’t a place with particularly high traffic.” 
“Man-made?” Devin exuded a horrifying murderous intent. 
The whole Jadeborough lived in fear of a purge. Ever since Eddie was removed, the Jadesons regained complete reign over the city. There was no room for anyone to act brazenly on their turf. 
There’s someone who’s actually planning to kill a Jadeson? And of all people, he’s targeting the key member of the Jadeson family! 
“It must be Eddie. Sebastian has been his greatest rival all this while. Now that he’s unwell, it’s not surprising for Eddie to think about finishing Sebastian off. In that way, there will be no loose ends to haunt him anymore,” Jonathan analyzed the situation upon hearing their conversations. 
Nodding, Karl concurred with his thoughts. 
With that, Devin looked even more worried. 
As soon as he left the hospital, all the special armed forces were deployed to sweep the city through a thorough search, with the hope to remove the traitors. 
Little did they know that the whole city was now filled with social cankers. In addition, they also had no idea that the person they wanted to protect so badly had already been switched!
###Chapter 1285
Chapter 1285
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1285 
Splash! 
Sebastian was jolted awake when a bucket of cold water was poured down on him. He opened his eyes only to find himself in an unfamiliar environment and saw an old man grinning hideously at him. 
“Oh, Mr. Jadeson, I see that you’re finally up.” 
Seeing that Sebastian had opened his eyes, Eddie returned to his seat and lit a cigarette. Then, he gazed at his captive through the billowing clouds of cigarette smoke. 
Sebastian struggled to move but to no avail. He was handcuffed to the bed. 
“Eddie, what are you trying to do? Did you instruct your man to hit my car just so you could abduct me?” 
“Precisely that,” Eddie admitted openly. 
“It turns out that your sickness hasn’t affected the function of your brain. Hmm… Not bad. This goes to show that I made the right decision.” An ugly smug settled upon his face. 
Sebastian attempted to break free again. This time, he felt an agonizing pain at a few spots on his body, especially his head. 
The pain was so excruciating that he was drenched in a cold sweat. 
“Don’t move as your injuries are quite bad. Anyway, you can rest assured that I haven’t done anything to you. These wounds were from the car accident.” 
After a while, Sebastian stopped struggling and settled down on the bed.
He asked, “Where is this place? What game do you plan to play for bringing me here?” 
“How clever!” Eddie stood up while praising him generously. 
“I do have something grand planned just for you, but I should answer your first question. You wanted to know where you are, right? Sure, let me tell you. This is actually the Sheerwood residence.” 
“Sheerwood residence?” Sebastian was in disbelief. 
“How is that possible? Sheerwood residence has been bombed by you to ashes when Isaac died. How could this be? Did you build something underground?” 
“Yes, that’s right. Your logic is brilliant!” Eddied was delighted to hear his speculation. 
He walked toward the coffee table and turned on the television mounted on the wall. 
“See? The surveillance camera is showing you the aerial view of Adonia, including the residential area where the Sheerwood residence is located. Sebastian, you’re indeed a smart alec. However, you always make the same mistake. You tend to overthink things and complicate each matter. Many a time, it’s best to think simple. It’s easier to fool others this way, do you understand me?” Eddie gave him a brief lecture while pointing at the screen. 
It was true that Eddie had the upper hand in this matter. 
No one, including Sebastian, had ever expected this move ever since the Sheerwood residence was demolished. 
Little did they know that the bombing of Isaac was merely a disguise. The more gory his death was, the least suspicion people would have about it.
Fury clouded Sebastian’s pale face. His whole being was emanating frustration at the thought of being fooled by Eddie. 
Seeing his reaction, Eddie guffawed and consoled him, “You don’t need to feel so devastated. Let me tell you something, neither Judith nor your father was my match. The fact that you could withstand several blows from me is already by itself an achievement.” 
Sebastian panted heavily for a while before asking, “What are you scheming? Are you trying to take me down once and for all?” 
“Hahaha…” the old man cackled. 
“That’s right, I want to fight you to death. Then again, Sebastian, you’re already in my hands. Therefore, you should find a replacement. Bring forth your cousin, Devin, your grandfather, Jonathan, and the entire White House!” uttered Eddie. 
Sebastian stared daggers at him with a pair of bloodshot eyes. “What are you going to do? You may have captured me, but the whole of Jadeborough has been weeded out stealthily. It’s not an easy task for you to seize power.” 
“Oh, is that so?” Eddie smiled. 
“Have you forgotten that Jadeborough has been my dear nest for years, Sebastian? Do you really think that you could remove all of my men completely?” 
Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
“Let me tell you, right when you were caught, almost one third of Jadeborough has been populated by my people. They were at the malls, train stations, bus stations…”
Before he could finish his sentence, the man who was handcuffed to the bed shouted furiously, “Bast*rd!” 
Malls? Train and bus stations too? Is he even human? How could he harbor such an evil thought to sacrifice the lives of innocent civilians for his own selfish desire? He’s using them as his stepping stones to climb up the social hierarchy and solidify his power! 
Sebastian had never been this infuriated.
###Chapter 1286
Chapter 1286
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1286 
“I can fully understand now why your brother rather dies instead of handing over the position to you. It’s because you don’t deserve it!” Sebastian enunciated clearly, gritting his teeth. 
Slap! 
Right after he said that, a man who was standing beside his bed landed a tight slap across Sebastian’s face, causing him to see black. 
The burning sensation on his face, coupled with the injury on his head made him feeble to move a muscle. There was blood in his mouth too. 
“I’ll finish you off personally should you be rude to the Chairman once more.” 
“Let it slide for he knows nothing. It’s normal for a man with a mental problem to spew nonsense. Restrain him here and keep an eye on him. I’ll have a chat with him when I’m back.” Then, Eddie left. 
In a daze, Sebastian heard his words. He bit his tongue in order to stay conscious. 
“Hang on, I’m not done with you. You haven’t told me your plans. I don’t believe that I’ll lose to you, even if… even if your men are all over Jadeborough. Mind you, the army is with the Jadesons, and so is the White House. How are you going to launch an attack? Huh?” Sebastian yelled at the top of his lungs. 
He used up all of his strength, trying to wriggle free of the restraint. Instantly, both his wrists were left with blood marks. Yet, he continued to break free from the handcuffs, just to call out to Eddie. He wanted to know Eddie’s plan so badly.
Fortunately, his provocation worked. Arrogant people usually could not stand being challenged. The old man stopped in his tracks and responded with a cold laugh. “Army?” 
He then continued, “What’s the use even if the Jadesons control the army? Do you actually think that the regular weapons that they use can defeat my explosives? Let me tell you a secret, the entire military base has been covered with explosives since yesterday. Activating the electrical current is all it takes to blow the base up. Do you remember how I blasted the Sheerwood residence, which is above our heads?” 
There was a pin-drop silence in the room. 
When Sebastian heard that, his face dropped. Discouraged, the man who had been hollering became as quiet as a mouse. 
“Well, you don’t need to be anxious. If they are willing to raise the white flag, I won’t get rid of them. My goal is to make them surrender, not to kill them,” Eddie declared as if it was a noble thing to do. 
Once he left, the basement was locked up with a thud, leaving only Sebastian and a man who had been assigned to watch him. 
Jadeborough is screwed. The military is done for. The White House is doomed. 
Feeling dejected, Sebastian lay motionless on the bed, knowing that he had lost the upper hand. 
“Hahaha…” mocked the guard who was watching him as he stood up to fetch himself a glass of water. 
Who says that this lunatic is a super capable person? He’s just like any Tom, Dick, and Harry, being toyed around by the Chairman. 
While the guard was approaching the water dispenser, he did not notice how Sebastian’s hawkish eyes lit up with a sparkle.
In a flash, he stretched out that one hand which was not handcuffed and reached behind his ears. 
Knock… Knock, knock… Knock, knock… He tapped a series of morse codes while keeping an eye on the guard. 
By the time he had finished delivering his hidden message, he was drenched in sweat. There was also a bright red mark on his fingertip. 
Besides the existing injury on the head and aching all over his body, Sebastian was also injected some unknown drugs when Eddie abducted him. 
All of these had finally taken a toll on him. Physically, he could no longer take it and collapsed thereafter. 
Though the guard at the basement saw that Sebastian had fainted, he could not care less. Conversely, the guard turned on the television and watched leisurely. 
He recalled Eddie saying that he would broadcast the battle with Sebastian to the world, with the main purpose of showcasing how he regained political power. 
However, what was shown on the television was nothing he had imagined it to be although Jadeborough appeared on the screen. It was nothing close to the impact he wanted to see. 
Ring! Ring! Ring! 
While the phone at Oceanic Estate was ringing incessantly, Sasha was busy taking care of the man who had just been rescued home. 
“Bad news, Sasha. A few places in the city center have been attacked by terrorists. Similarly, it’s also happening at the subway stations, train stations, and other locations. Can Sebastian talk now?”
Sabrina panicked. 
She was so worked up because Devin had gone to the White House whereas Jonathan was at the military base. Only two women were left behind with the kids at home. There was no way she could calm herself down. 
Upon hearing the updates, Sasha, too, was terror-stricken. 
She took a glance at the man who had bandages on his head and legs. 
He’s still in a coma. What should I do? 
“He’s still unconscious. Why don’t you give Devin a call?” Sasha suggested helplessly.
###Chapter 1287
Chapter 1287
Chapter 1287 Who Switched Her Man 
Sabrina stomped her feet in anger. Left with no other option, she contacted Devin. 
Does he have time to answer my call? He’s probably bogged down by work, trying to think of a solution. 
“Yes, I know that. You all should remain indoors at Oceanic Estate, okay? We can’t be with you right now, and Sebastian’s condition isn’t helping. Sabrina, you’re now the only one who knows martial arts. You ought to protect every single one of them at home. Do you understand?” 
Unexpectedly, Devin landed a crucial task on the shoulders of Sabrina. 
Gasping in disbelief, she faltered. She knew she could not back down nor say anything discouraging at that moment. 
“All right, I know what to do.” 
“Great! You’re a gem. Please take special care of Sebastian. He’s undergoing a critical period. You have to protect him at all costs, okay?” Devin reminded. 
Upon hanging up, Sabrina instructed the housemaid to look after the children while she rushed to the third floor. 
“I called Devin, Sasha. They won’t have the time to worry about us. So, we are on our own.” 
Sasha froze. Then, she put down the bottle of medicine and stared at Sabrina solemnly. 
“Is it that serious?”
“Yes, I think so. I heard multiple explosions over the phone. Devin was at the White House…” Her lips paled before she could complete her sentence. 
Sasha was equally petrified. 
If there’s bombing at the White House, things are surely not looking good. That cunning old fox must be behind all these. First, he caused Sebastian to be severely injured. Then, he created a loophole for himself to attack fiercely. 
Sasha wondered if Devin and Jonathan could withstand these tricky attacks. 
Having ants in her pants, Sasha gazed at the man on the bed. After pondering over the situation outside, she entered the room with a tightly clenched jaw. 
Seeing her reaction, Sabrina trailed behind her and questioned, “What are you doing?” 
Sasha did not respond. Immediately, she fished out a thin silver needle from her medication box. 
At that, Sabrina held her breath, narrowed her eyes, and witnessed how Sasha approached the man with the needle. 
Phew… 
As the needle was injected, Sebastian opened his eyes, just as she had expected. 
The two ladies were stunned when they saw a hand grabbed the needle at once. They were met by a sharp, death stare. 
This man seems to be an excellent fighter. So, it’s him? 
A thought flashed across Sabrina’s mind upon snapping back into her senses.
Even though Sasha was also overwhelmed by what happened under her nose, her first reaction was to stop Sabrina from moving an inch. 
“Be still. He’s awakened because I startled him,” Sasha said, suppressing her fear. 
Standing at the side, Sabrina did not dare to move a muscle. 
Subsequently, Sasha cast a gentle gaze at him. 
“Don’t be nervous, Sebby. You’ve been in a coma for way too long. I woke you up because there’s an urgent matter which needs your attention and advice. Easy… don’t get too work up,” she consoled him softly as she pulled the needle out of his neck. 
With that, the man softened his gaze and dropped his guard. Gradually, he also released his grip and relaxed. 
“What… happened?” His coarse voice was different now compared to then, but Sasha did not think it was a big deal. She assumed that the change in his voice was an after-effect of the accident since he had a serious injury to the head. 
“Eddie has launched his attacks, causing an uproar in Jadeborough. When Sab called Devin, she could hear explosions coming from the White House. What should we do now?” she described what was going on in a shaky voice. 
The attacks have begun? 
He shut his eyes. One could see frustration and rage in his expression. 
“Give me time to think.” 
“Sure,” Sasha agreed before leaving the room with Sabrina.
As soon as they closed the door behind them, the two ladies simultaneously exchanged glances. 
Sabrina was anxious whereas Sasha felt weak at the knees. She could not hold herself together and collapse on the former. 
“You…” 
“Shh…” 
Sasha turned ghastly as tears began rolling down her welled-up eyes. 
“Let’s talk about it in the afternoon,” trying her best to get a grip, Sasha said softly. 
If Sabrina could tell the difference, what more I who have been sharing the same bed with this man for years? My man will never shoot me such a ferocious, cold, and frightening glare. My man will never act so hostile upon seeing the needle in my hand because the needle has saved him countless times. He has long treated it as a part of him! 
With Sabrina’s assistance, Sasha staggered her way downstairs.
###Chapter 1288
Chapter 1288
An unprecedented crisis had landed on Oceanic Estate. 
Yet, Sasha and Sabrina were well aware that they had to keep what they had discovered as a secret. If the cat was let out of the bag, it would send everyone in the family into a terrifying frenzy. 
At that time, Devin and Jonathan were not present. If the two women chose to expose the doppelganger, the consequence would be disastrous. 
Sasha had to spend a long time calming her unsettled heart down. 
“What should we do now? Shall we act first?” Sabrina asked as soon as she noticed Sasha was more at ease. 
To her surprise, Sasha shook her head. 
“This must be Eddie’s evil plan. We shouldn’t act rashly without knowing the actual situation. If he found out that we knew this man is a doppelg?nger, will the safety of Sebastian be at stake?” 
It was quite amazing for Sasha to articulate her analysis placidly after discovering such an astonishing secret. 
Sabrina, on the other hand, stopped whatever she was doing. 
Turning pale, she mulled over it for quite some time. In the end, she asked, “Then… what’s the plan? Just stand still and not do anything?” 
“Nope, we must do something.” Sasha clenched her fists. 
“We should inform Grandpa or Devin and let them make the final call. Besides, what need to relocate the kids and others from Oceanic Estate, in order to keep them safe.”
“All right. What else?” 
“Next, keep a close watch on him because we don’t know what’s his motive yet. Most essentially, we need to stop him from contacting Eddie, that bast*rd. Who knows if there’s a bigger trap waiting for us?” 
At that point, Sasha began to tremble. She hesitated a few times and tried really hard to maintain her composure while speaking in a quavering voice. 
Sabrina could understand how she felt. Without further ado, she hurriedly made the necessary arrangements. 
Though she was not the sharpest tool in the shed, her administrative skills were still above average, especially when she had the experience managing Hayes Corporation for years. 
Oh, that’s right. Hayes Corporation! 
She suddenly thought about the company, and another person came to mind. 
Half an hour later, someone from Oceanic Estate had reported the latest updates to the White House as well as the military base. Meanwhile, the four children and the housemaids were in the midst of a relocation. 
When Sabrina instructed the twins to hide in the basement of Oceanic Estate, the younger of the two smiled and asked, “Aunt Sabrina, why are you putting us in the basement? Although it’s like a war zone outside, we’re quite safe here. Daddy has made prior arrangements for us.” 
“Yup, that’s true,” Ian agreed with his sibling. 
In a hurry, Sabrina had no time to explain further to the kids. She kept shoving them downstairs.
“What do you kids know? Just do as you are told. Get in there, quick!” 
Aunt Sabrina must be hiding something from us. 
The twins fell silent and entered the basement. 
One of them took out his laptop and activated the system. “I need to take a look at the situation outside.” 
“Okay.” Nodding, Ian proceeded to type speedily on the keyboard. 
Soon, he hacked into the systems of Jadeborough’s transportation bureau. Within a few clicks, the surveillance systems capturing the live updates on the roads were presented before the two little munchkins. 
Their hearts sank while monitoring the screen. 
“Daddy’s not here. Will Uncle Devin and Grandpa be all right? See, there’s fire all across the streets!” 
Matteo frowned as he stared incredulously at the screen. Ian too, was knitting his brows. His face was grim. 
He moved his little fingers to zoom into the White House and the military base. He seemingly heard that Devin and Jonathan were heading there before leaving the house in the morning. 
Strangely, right when they switched the screen, the line was disconnected. 
“What’s this?” 
“It’s an encrypted firewall.” Ian’s expression changed for the worse.
Without any delay, he started working on his laptop, attempting to bypass the firewall. 
To the kids’ disappointment, they could not hack into that two particular surveillance cameras despite trying for several minutes. 
This is weird. Our skills are superb and yet, we can’t do it. Does the old man have someone even better around him? 
“No, it can’t be. Check the Internet now, and you’ll see images of the unrest stirred up in our city plastered all over the web. This must be the old fox’s doing. It can’t be Daddy’s work.” 
“So, your point is…” 
Matteo’s heart was pounding fast; his eyes, glistening. He looked at his brother, wanting to say something, but hesitated. He was fearful that the one and only answer he had would slip his tongue. 
If the old fellow wasn’t the culprit behind all these, the next possible suspect would be Daddy. However, Daddy isn’t someone who wants the world to have a glimpse of the chaos happening here. 
At that thought, the two children froze. 
Wendy and the other housemaids had been arranged by Sabrina to take refuge in the basement. They were all extremely worried. Seeing the lack of response from the twins, Wendy approached them while holding Jaena.
###Chapter 1289
Chapter 1289
“What’s wrong? Did something bad really happen?” 
“No, Ms. Dolivo. No worries, everything’s fine. Ian and I will head out for a bit. Please take care of Vivi,” Matteo lifted his head and consoled Wendy. 
Then, he held Ian’s hand, and they both sneaked out together. 
A few minutes later, they got out of the basement, and were greeted by a quiet Oceanic Estate. They ran upstairs to the third floor to look for Sebastian, with the intention to confirm if he was the mastermind behind the nationwide commotion. 
They were surprised to find Sabrina and Sasha present on that floor too. 
Sasha was standing at the entrance to the bedroom door whereas Sabrina was sitting outside, looking at the surroundings vigilantly. 
She was all geared up to keep a close watch on the room as though she was a predator hunting for her prey. 
What’s up with all these? 
The two young boys retreated. 
“This seems a little strange.” 
“You’re right. Aunt Sabrina doesn’t appear to be taking care of Daddy. She looks more like a guard who glares at her subject!” Ian shared his analysis. 
Matteo’s expression turned increasingly grave. Furrowing his brows, he mulled over the situation and gazed at Ian.
“What do you think?” 
“Kill the Werewolf?” With disdain, the nine-year-old mentioned the game sternly. The scornful look on his face was exactly like his father’s. 
Two minutes later, both Sasha and Sabrina heard a child wailing downstairs. Instantly, the two ladies darted toward the direction of the cry. 
“What’s going on? Matteo, is that you?” 
“Oh… Mommy, there’s a dead person here. There’s a lot of blood…” the child screamed incessantly, causing the two women to panic. 
Sabrina rushed downstairs right away. Although Sasha dared not leave the room, she kept stretching her head out to peep. 
Who would have known that there was a part two to this episode. Suddenly, another child’s crying was heard from the basement, only that this time it was a girl. 
“Vivi!” The horror-stricken Sasha paled. She could not resist her urge to dash downstairs in a flash. 
With that, no one remained to guard the room. 
At that critical moment, the person on the bed opened his eyes and propped himself up. 
I must take action now. Since the Chairman has launched his attack, my task is to burn Oceanic Estate down and send the Jadesons to hell. Then, I can celebrate the victory with the Chairman. 
He jumped down from the bed, but… 
“Oh, Daddy! Why did you get up?”
Coincidentally, the little one walked into him. Seeing him getting off from the bed, the boy widened his eyes and looked at him, completely baffled. 
That man was caught red-handed. Before he could lay a finger on the boy, the latter ran toward him and gave him a big hug. 
“Daddy, you can finally walk! I thought that… Daddy, I was so worried about you.” 
He was stunned at the child’s heartwarming action. 
Fine. He’s just a kid. I’ll just let him hug me for a while since the Jadesons have been treating me well when I was in a “coma” for days. 
Hence, he put down his hands which were hung mid-air. 
“Yes, I’ve recovered. Don’t worry, I’m all good now.” 
“Are you sure? That’s great news!” The teary little boy looked him in the eyes and grinned from ear to ear. 
It’s so easy to trick little children. 
He responded with a smile too. 
All of a sudden, his smile froze as he felt numbness on his spine. 
“You…” 
“How does it feel?” 
The boy released him and stepped backward while maintaining a cold and frightening gaze at the man.
The boy’s eerie smile reminded him of another ruthless face. 
“You… you tricked me?” 
“Oh yes! Isn’t that what you’ve been doing to us too? You were probably still a noob when we’re already an expert at playing Kill the Werewolf!” Ian said mercilessly. 
On the count of three, the bad guy collapsed on the ground like a paraplegic. 
Xayden’s drugs are awesome! 
Ian took a look outside and called out, “Come on in, Xayden. He’s down.” 
“Oh man…” 
Xayden entered the room with a bag of colorful tablets. 
The bad guy was shocked to his wits when he saw that. 
“What… What are you guys going to do? Do you know that there’s a microchip inserted in my brain? The Chairman will know everything that you guys are doing to me.” 
“Oh, really?” Ian responded indifferently, “I have bad news for you. I’ve disabled the transmission signal from Oceanic Estate. So, there’s no way you can contact him.” 
“You…” 
“By the way, it’s best you reveal where’s my Daddy now. Otherwise, don’t blame me when you become Xayden’s lab rat,” the boy reminded him casually. 
Xayden’s eyes lit up when he heard that. “Would you really give him to me, Mr. Ian?”
###Chapter 1290
Chapter 1290
“Well, if he doesn’t say it…” Ian was quite generous in his offer. 
Xayden quickly stood in front of the bad guy, eagerly waiting for his response. 
The man was at a loss for words. 
The Jadesons are crazy! 
Subsequently, he rose to his feet, wanting to escape. 
Xayden felt so humiliated that the man could still walk after being injected with the drug he had invented. Before Ian could say anything, Xayden threw an item at him. 
Bang! A loud noise resonated through the air as the man vanished into thin air. 
Everyone was dumbstruck, including Sabrina who was downstairs. 
With a loud splat, the guy fell into the lake in the garden like a pile of mud. The folks then were snapped back into their senses and hurried over to get him up. 
“Why did you do that, Xayden? I need him to find Daddy!” Ian glared at him and reprimanded him accordingly. 
“Oops, I’m sorry.” Xayden lowered his head. Sebastian used to complain about him all the time. 
Indeed, geniuses and idiots do exist in this world. 
Fortunately, the man did not die. When he was rescued from the lake, they learned that he was still breathing faintly.
In the end, Sasha was able to find out where Sebastian was through an interrogation. Apparently, the real Sebastian was being locked up at the Sheerwood residence in Adonia. 
The Sheerwood residence? 
All of them gaped at that information. 
Just like Sebastian, none of them had expected Eddie to make such a sneaky move right under their noses. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina had contacted Solomon because no one else from the Jadeson was available to go and save Sebastian. 
After notifying Solomon, they realized that Eddie had started taking aggressive actions against the White House and the military. Another loud explosion was heard in Jadeborough. Everyone in the city even felt the ground shake. 
Shortly after, they saw that fumes in huge mushroom shapes were rising to the sky from the military base. 
Darn it! This old bast*rd is out of his mind! 
The entire Oceanic Estate fell into a pin-drop silence. At that moment, everyone was in the garden, helplessly watching the blazing flames hanging over Jadeborough. 
We’re so dead! 
“Hahaha… He did it. The victory is ours! Long live, Chairman! Long live, Chairman!” cheered the man on the ground, gleefully.
Sasha staggered for a bit. Right when she was about to take an action, Xayden who was next to him forcefully shoved all of the tablets into the man’s mouth and covered it up. 
“Mm… hmm…” 
Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! 
Nobody had guessed that the siren would be sounded at that moment. It was not something common in recent years. In fact, it was only heard in movies when the entire troop forge ahead against their enemies fearlessly. 
Though the siren only lasted for a few seconds, it blasted like a ravaging eternal flame from all directions, overwhelming everyone at the Oceanic Estate. 
What’s the matter? 
Everyone was clueless, except for Sasha. She seemed to have sense something at that instant and clumsily made her way upstairs. 
Just as she had speculated in her mind, by the time she got up to the rooftop, she was greeted by a horrifying scene. In the midst of the sea of fire was a large army whizzing their way through into the estate. 
Their armored cars were filled with artillery. Even the ones approaching by feet were armed to the teeth. Whenever they saw a rebel on the street, they would fire away without a doubt until the rebel’s body looked like a hornet’s nest. 
So, this is the truth. We’ve all been fooled by him. He has everything under his control since the very beginning.
Cupping her mouth, Sasha could no longer hold back her tears and broke down. 
It was especially heartbreaking for her when she learned that the army was coming from the direction of Aquene Temple. She bawled her eyes out. 
Sabrina came up to the rooftop after her. Upon witnessing the scene, her eyes turned red. She cursed, “Darn it! Do they only know how to oppress the women?” 
No, it wasn’t an oppression. I should say, protection. 
Eddie was standing in the center, staring across an empty military base. He had been besieged by an impenetrable army. 
Standing still, Eddie’s face was as pale as a sheet. 
“When did you plan this? I thought you’ve left to become a monk?” Eddie mocked as he stared daggers at the man who was taking the chief position in the army formation. 
He was not a soldier, but a monk wearing a grey robe with prayer beads hanging around his neck. He seemed totally out of place in the midst of the military soldiers. 
Eddie found his presence ironically insulting. Conversely, the old monk, Shin, was calm and steady. 
He clasped his hands together and recited a short prayer. Then, he replied, “You’re wrong. I’m not behind all of these. The mastermind is Mr. Hayes.” 
“It’s him? How’s that possible?” Eddie refused to believe. 
“He’s lost to me several times. How could he win this round? From the moment Judith returned the three explosives storage room to me till the incident where my men were removed from the Naval Force, he’s played it wrong. How could he beat me?”
“Would you have fallen into his trap if he didn’t do that? Would you have abducted him? Eddie, he knows you inside out. This is just a piece of cake,” Devin chimed in mercilessly.
###Chapter 1291
Chapter 1291
Eddie’s face instantly grew red with rage. 
“Sebastian, you’re a bastard! How dare you set me up?” he bellowed. His eyes were filled with utmost hatred; the murderous intent was extremely strong. 
Going ballistic, he was very bitter. This was because he had never considered himself any lesser than anyone throughout his life. 
Neither Judith nor my brother, Louis, was my match. Yet, I’m defeated by this man who was almost half a century younger than me? To the extent of no return? How can I not loathe his whole being? 
Right when Eddie was still quivering in anger, a signal flare shot up into the sky from the White House. 
Bomb! 
As the bullet streaked across the horizon, the stunning blue glint illuminated the skies of Jadeborough like a firework display. 
Seeing the bright rays, Jonathan chuckled. “Did you see that, Eddie? You lost. All of your men at the White House have been wiped out. All your schemes have failed and your efforts are in vain. In the end, the victory is ours.” 
“That’s not entirely it,” someone added from the army. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, we’ve confiscated loads of nuclear weapons and bombs. That’s one lucrative win. With that, we don’t need to fear the foreign factions anymore.” 
“You…” Eddie hit the ceiling. He almost passed out upon hearing the remark. 
What a trap! I am so stupid to have fallen for it.
He was absolutely humiliated, but there was no chance for him to fight back. Upon uttering the last incomplete sentence, Jonathan waved to signal the soldiers to seize Eddie. 
“Let go of me! Jonathan, you old geezer! You’re not worthy to take me down!” 
“I’m not worthy? Then, who is? Judith? Or your brother, Louis? Let me tell you something, Eddie. I’m sending you to the international military tribunal. I vow to expose your ugliness to the world and ensure that you’ll never receive forgiveness from anyone, forever!” the enraged Jonathan yelled at him. 
Subsequently, he approached Eddie and landed a powerful kick on him. 
That’s right. A useless scum like him deserves to be spat on by the world, just so that he realizes his mistakes. 
Eddie then fell on the floor and lay there motionlessly. 
However, he started laughing hysterically like a hyena when he was being dragged away. 
“Fine, fine, fine, I lost. Anyhow, don’t you even think about saving that little bast*rd. He shall be buried along with me.” 
“Did you mean the Sheerwood residence in Adonia?” Devin posted the question indifferently, which stopped Eddie’s laughter abruptly. 
“How… How did you find out?” 
“Haha, is that such a big deal? There are many talents among the Jadesons. Did you really think that you could fool us all by planting a doppelganger in Oceanic Estate? I must say that you’re an idiot, even my two nephews are smarter than you.”
Finally, the old thing was rendered speechless, all the way until he was shoved into the prisoner transporter. 
When the engine was ignited, he let out an eerie smile. “So what if you know where on earth is he? Do you think you can save him? Dream on!” 
…… 
Meanwhile in Adonia, help had arrived. 
The person who was there to rescue Sebastian was none other than Solomon. Instead of bringing along SteelFort from Hayes Corporation, Solomon brought with him a man from Jetroina, who was a skillful ninja. 
“Mr. Akiyama, the secret room has been found. However, there are plenty of explosives buried underneath it. There’s a high chance we might step on it as soon as we enter the room.” 
That very evening, a bespectacled man was standing in the penthouse suite at one of Summerbank’s five-star hotels. While he was overseeing the city landscape, a shadow appeared. 
Explosives? The man frowned. 
“Is that something difficult for you guys? Isn’t defusing bombs your strength?” 
“It’s not that. Those aren’t regular bombs. It’s powered by electric current. If a step is missed, the entire place will be blasted into ashes within a split second.” 
Those men had heard about the terrifying explosives. They even showed Solomon a video. 
Once Solomon viewed it, his expression turned grim. Yet, he was not discouraged.
After sighing for a while, he gazed at the night sky and declared, “I’ll fulfill any of your desires as long as you take him out safe and sound.” 
The news came like a bolt from the blue, causing the shadow to raise his head at once. 
Astounded, he stared at Solomon for a good ten seconds. Upon confirming his master did not mean it as a joke, he clenched his fists and left. 
That night, Solomon could not fall asleep in the presidential suite.
###Chapter 1292
Chapter 1292
Boom! Sebastian was woken up by a giant explosion. 
Has it begun? 
He scanned his surrounding, only to realize that he was still restrained in the basement. The guard who had been watching him was equally shocked by the loud bombing sound. He jumped out of his chair and ran toward Sebastian at once. 
According to Eddie’s original plan, this is supposed to be our headquarters. As soon as everything has been carried out successfully in Jadeborough, the troop will return triumphantly. The explosion is completely unexpected. Did the plan change? 
The guard scurried to his bed side. 
“What do you want?” Sebastian asked coldly. 
The guard answered, “I’m surprised at how bold the Jadesons can get. Things were developing so well, yet an accident still happen. What do I want? I surely want to bring you along with me. Do you really think that I’ll hand you over so easily?” 
Next, he took out a syringe and a tube of unknown liquid from the drawer beside the bed. 
Sebastian’s eyes widened in shock. 
“What are you doing? I warn you to think twice if you wish to stay alive. Aren’t you aware of the actual situation outside?” reminded Sebastian while trying hard to suppress his fear. 
The guard was stunned. “What do you mean? You know what’s going on outside?”
“As a matter of fact, I do. This is because everything that is happening now is under my control. If you were to let me go now, I’ll guarantee your safety,” Sebastian made a tempting offer. 
His words made the guard reconsider his action. Lowering his head, he mulled it over in disbelief. He was really struggling from within, debating the best decision to be made. 
Actually, I don’t have a choice, do I? It’s not the first time Sebastian has humiliated us. Even the Chairman views him as his greatest rival. 
His position had started to falter upon hearing what Sebastian said, coupled with the bombing sounds heard. 
Should I let him go? The guard held the syringe tightly. 
“Don’t you worry, I won’t settle the score with you should you let me go. On the contrary, I’ll give you a lump sum, and you can do whatever you want with the money.” 
Seeing the sparkle in his eyes, Sebastian followed up with an even better condition. 
However, he least expected the stupid guard to still choose Eddie after toying with the idea for so long. 
“I won’t betray my master. To be honest with you, he’s the only one who treats me with dignity over all these years. When I was still a beggar, he sheltered and fed me. All of you wealthy folks did not even bother to look at us through the corner of your eyes. Hence, Sebastian, I won’t turn my back against him regardless of the consequence!” he roared fiercely. 
Right then, Sebastian who was handcuffed, witnessed how the guard injected the unknown substance into his neck through a sharp needle. 
Clank!
With his eyes burning with rage, Sebastian had nowhere to hide on the narrow bed. He tried avoiding it, but to no avail. 
Within seconds, he was pinned down. The guard took up the syringe once again and stared at him with a devilish look. “Go to hell! My master says that you shall be his company in the after-life if the plan fails.” 
At that split second, the door to the basement was suddenly kicked open from the outside, to which the guard turned his head in response. 
Bang! A gunshot was fired. 
Sebastian saw a bullet hit the center of the guard’s forehead. The latter then shut his eyes and fell over. 
“What a dumba**!” 
Upon seeing the guard had fallen dead, the man who pulled the trigger entered the room. 
Sebastian was astounded to see the person who just walked in. “Edmund? It’s you?” 
The man who saved him in the nick of time was Edmund, who heeded Sebastian’s advice and returned to Yorksland. 
“Why can’t it be me? Didn’t you connect the dots? I’m the son of Benedict Cooper. You would have guessed that the old man would engage me at the most critical moment to get the job done, wouldn’t you?” 
Edmund was still his usual, languid, and carefree self. 
Nonetheless, his actions were swift. He proceeded to release Sebastian from the cuffs, tossed the dead body out, and ransacked the room for the key.
Lying down on the bed, a wave of guilt suddenly washed Sebastian over. 
Back then, he was a tad bit cruel to make Edmund leave for Yorksland, just so that the latter would not be a stumbling block between Sabrina and Devin. As the son of Benedict, Edmund had indeed carried out a lot of favors for the Jadeson family. Unfortunately, Sebastian sent him away due to personal reasons. 
It did not take long for Edmund to find the key and unlock the shackle on Sebastian’s wrists. 
“I’m sorry for sending you back to Yorksland. That was very insensible of me.” In the end, Sebastian pressed his lips and apologized.
###Chapter 1293
Chapter 1293
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1293 
“No, you were right. I shouldn’t have had those intentions. Had I bulldozed through their relationship, Devin would probably cut off ties with me. I should thank you instead.” 
Wow, I didn’t expect him to be so understanding. 
Sebastian was relieved that Edmund was the bigger person. 
When the cuffs were unlocked, the two assisted each other and escaped the basement. 
Lo and behold, another loud explosion sounded as soon as they stepped foot outside. As a consequence, the ground underneath shook terribly. 
“Hurry up! There are plenty of nuclear bombs buried beneath us. Someone must have triggered it and caused a bombing on the other side. We’ve got to seize this golden opportunity and leave this place at once,” Edmund uttered in a pressing manner. 
Sebastian nodded as Edmund helped him scurry to safety. 
Bang! A series of deafening explosions sounded again behind them, rushing them to run for their lives. 
Sebastian could no longer hear any of those jarring sounds. 
He could only feel his rapid heartbeat, heavy breathing, and the bloodstains in his mouth. 
“Sebastian! Sebastian!” He roughly heard someone calling his name at his ears. 
As the flames caught up with him from behind, he could not hear anything. Instinctively, he ran as fast as he could without stopping…
He was resolute to stay alive for he knew that he had a family to return to. He was looking forward to seeing three adorable faces and one silly woman. 
Boom! The entire basement was filled with billowing smoke. 
Sebastian was blasted quite a distance away before falling onto the ground. He was already unconscious when Edmund crawled over to check on him. 
At that moment, a young man wearing a pair of gold-rimmed glasses darted toward them. When he saw the casualties, he yelled, “Quick, send him to the hospital. Hurry up!” 
That was the end of an eventful night. The sun would rise again in two hours’ time, and a brand new day began… 
Two days later at Oceanic Estate, Sabrina decided to bring the four kids back to Avenport. 
This was because Sasha did not return ever since she left for Avenport. 
In fact, she was showing signs of not returning anymore. She had arranged for Royal Court One at Frontier Bay to be cleaned even though Sebastian was still unconscious in the hospital. She probably would have him settle down there once he woke up. 
The triplets were overjoyed when they learned that they could finally go home. However, Jonathan was feeling sentimental, knowing that he would miss the children. Then again, he knew that there was no reason he could make them stay any longer. 
“Remember to keep in touch frequently with Great-grandpa, okay?” 
“We will, Great-grandpa,” the triplets promised in a crisp voice. 
Devin set off the journey with Sabrina.
“Hubby, are you sure you can drive me there? You’re super busy, aren’t you? With the fall of Eddie, many agendas await your attention. Are you sure it’s okay for you to be away?” Sabrina could help but ask on the way back to Avenport. 
It’s indeed a chaotic time. The White House is in a mess. Silas has no influence on the situation, whatsoever. Will it worsen the political unrest if Devin is away? 
Devin smiled and replied placidly, “Just leave it to Grandpa. I’m not good at this.” 
He casually indicated that he would not get involved in the matter. Afterward, he carried his kid on one arm, baggage on the other, and made his way out of the house. 
Similar to Sebastian, Devin disliked politics. 
The only reason he put on the uniform was because it was his dream and wish. His ambition was to contribute his earnest passion to build the country. He wanted nothing to do with political power. 
With that, the whole family went back to Avenport, along with the triplets. 
Meanwhile, in Avenport, Sasha had been constantly traveling between the hospital and Frontier Bay. 
She was over the moon when she was informed that Sebastian had been discharged. 
“Solomon, the doctor allows him to go home. So, I’m planning to take him back today. I’m certain that he will be thrilled to see that he’s home when he wakes up.” 
Upon receiving the notice, the delighted Sasha updated the man in the hallway, who had just arrived at the hospital. 
Solomon stopped in his tracks. “So soon? Isn’t he still in a coma?”
“It’s fine. The doctor says that it was due to extreme fatigue. He’s in deep sleep now. Thus, he can recuperate at home. The other minor injuries, scratches, and abrasions will heal with time.” 
“What about you? What’s your plan?” A sudden question caught her by surprise. 
Sasha was stunned. She was too happy that she had forgotten her own condition. 
“I’ve contacted Haruto on your behalf. When you’re available, I’ll get him to examine your condition. I can understand that his wellbeing is important, but you can’t neglect your own health too. Otherwise, how can you spend the rest of your life with him?” 
The man gazed at her quietly after putting his points across in the hallway.
###Chapter 1294
Chapter 1294
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1294 
Sasha froze and stared at him with a blank face for almost a minute. She found herself not able to utter a single word in response. 
Through his words, she knew that he had let go of her. 
Though she was happy about it, she also felt guilty and sad when she saw how composed he was because she was indebted to him. 
Later that evening, the rightful owner of Royal Court One at Frontier Bay returned, despite still in a coma. 
All the relatives and close friends of the Hayeses were invited over. Among them were the Wands and the Blackwoods. It was a really merry scene. 
However, the lights on the top floor of Hayes Corporation were still brightly lit. 
“Mr. Akiyama, aren’t you heading over?” 
Akiko was still working when she realized that the president was still in his office. After hesitating, she decided to post the question. 
The man in the office glanced at her through the corner of his eye. “Whatever for?” 
The brief and unexpected reply rendered Akiko speechless. 
She stood there for a while and left. Shortly after, she returned with two bottles of authentic sake from Jetroina. 
“Sake, Mr. Akiyama?”
What? 
Solomon gazed at that Jetroinian woman standing at his door. For a split second, he really wanted to shoo her away as he found her annoying. He did not want her to keep disturbing him. 
However, when he saw how careful she was, trying to please him. He said nothing but nodded to indicate that he had accepted her invitation. 
About ten minutes later, two of them starting downing the liquor at the coffee table, one glass after another. 
“Mr. Akiyama, you’ve sacrificed at least half of our people for the sake of saving him. Do you regret that decision? He’s your love rival, isn’t he? If things go well for him, you will lose your chance to win her.” After a few shots, Akiko grew bolder. 
Her questions made Solomon turn grim. “You’ve had too much to drink.” 
“Right. I’m sorry.” A quick reprimand silenced her. Regaining her senses, she bowed her head and dared not say anything further. 
Solomon continued drinking. 
“Um… Mr. Akiyama, are you going back to Jetroina two days later for the ceremony? Your mother’s death anniversary is just around the corner…” 
“No!” the man shot a firm reply while furrowing his brows. 
Akiko’s face fell. 
As they continued drinking, they heard the sound of a woman’s heels approaching. Click-cluck, click- cluck.
“Solomon? You really are here. Why aren’t you attending the party at Nancy’s house? She asks me to come and get you.” 
The door was pushed open by a young lady in a light green dress. 
When she saw the two of them in the office, a surprised look settled upon her gorgeous face. Then, she smiled. It was a very charming smile which instantly brightened up the room. 
Willow? She’s here too. 
For no apparent reason, mere displeasure flashed across Akiko’s face. 
Solomon was curious. “What brings you here?” 
“Can’t I come over? I’m her best friend. Now that she’s back with her husband, she would certainly inform me. Come on, Solomon, let’s go and celebrate.” 
She strode across the room and unhesitatingly wrapped her arms around Solomon’s. 
They were definitely not a stranger to each other. 
Back in Clear, Sasha’s best friends were none other than Willow and Solomon. They spent most of their days together. 
Later on, Willow had always been a big part of Solomon’s life, be it when he was operating a bar in Jetroina or when he escaped to Clear when he found out he was terminally ill. Hence, it was only normal that they were close and intimate. 
Looking helpless, Solomon did not know what to do with Willow. 
“I’m quite busy, and I haven’t finished all the tasks at hand yet.”
“Cut the crap! I know you too well. Come on, let’s go. Everyone’s waiting for you, the party won’t be complete without your presence. Nancy truly wishes for you to be there. I’m sure Sebastian concurs with her too once he wakes up.” 
With that said, she ushered him to the door and dragged him out of the office. 
Akiko turned green with envy as she watched from the coffee table. Subconsciously, a trace of hatred appeared in her eyes. 
She wanted to compete with Sasha. Yet, she was not even at par with Willow. 
Seeing how brazen the latter was in front of Solomon, Akiko dreamed about having the same privilege to act similarly. 
Willow forced Solomon to show up at Royal Court One in Frontier Bay. The moment he appeared, he was greeted by everyone’s warm welcome, including Sabrina and the rest of the Hayeses. 
“Why are you only arriving now, Solomon? You even needed Willow to personally bring you here. Is there a need for such formalities?” 
Sasha, the lady of the house, approached him with a glass of champagne. 
At that instant, Solomon felt slightly uneasy. “Oh, no, it took me a while to finish the pending work…” 
“You need to get your priorities right. What’s the occasion? It’s the very day your brother comes home. Is your work more important than him? You’re too much.” Sabrina walked over and handed him an appetizer while giving him a piece of her mind like a big sister he never had. 
Both Solomon and Sasha were shocked to their wits when they heard the phrase Sabrina used. 
My brother? Is she referring to… Sebastian?
Everyone quietened down. At that very moment, no one said another word. Their glistening eyes revealed their inner thoughts. Finally, there was acceptance amidst the family. 
From the perspective of a family, they were indeed brothers. They both addressed Frederick as their father, regardless of whether they were related by blood.
###Chapter 1295
Chapter 1295
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1295 
The party lasted till eleven o’clock at night before it ended. 
Solomon was preparing to head home as well. He figured Willow could stay at Royal Court One since it was such a huge villa, after all. 
As he was heading out, he heard the sounds of stilettos clicking from behind. Turning around, he saw a lady in a sage green dress running toward him. 
“Solomon, can you send me to Imperial Rose?” Willow’s pretty face was blushing red as she awkwardly pleaded. 
Imperial Rose? Isn’t that where the Emmanuels stay? 
Solomon sighed. “So your purpose of coming to Avenport this time is to look for that guy from the Emmanuels instead of attending Nancy’s party?” 
“That’s not it.” 
Willow’s face heated up in embarrassment after getting exposed. 
Yet, she refused to admit it. 
“I’m really back to attend Nancy’s party. B-But Brandon happened to be back, so I thought I might as well meet him too.” 
Solomon remained silent. 
It was not the first time he saw her do that.
Eventually, Solomon let Willow get on his car and drove her toward the location despite that late hour. 
“When did he return?” 
“On the 28th at noon. He completed the shoot for a film overseas and is back for only three days,” Willow audibly conveyed Brandon’s schedule while touching up her makeup. 
Hearing that, Solomon instantly frowned. 
He hated the way she acted. He hated to see a lady degrading herself for a man and ending up not getting her well-deserved respect. Nonetheless, he did not stop her despite watching her do that for the past years. 
He reckoned he should not say that much as a friend. 
As such, upon arrival and seeing the villa without lights on, he muttered, “Call me if there’s anything.” 
“Sure. Thank you, Solomon.” 
Willow picked up her bag and headed inside gleefully, without knowing it was yet another sleepless night. 
Meanwhile, back at Royal Court One, Frontier Bay. 
After showering, Sasha returned to her bedroom on the third level. Exhausted as she was, she lifted the blanket and lay down beside the man on the bed. 
“Sebby, there were so many guests today. They were all happy to hear that I’m back and came to visit me,” she mumbled as she snuggled herself into Sebastian’s embrace. 
Just the perfect body temperature and those rhythmic heartbeats as robust as his breathing…
Sasha shut her eyes tight, feeling extremely satisfied. 
Right then, the arm wrapped around her suddenly had a slight movement. Even though it was not a pronounced action, those fingers on her waist felt extra perceptible to Sasha when they pulsated all of a sudden. 
“Sebby?” 
Instantly, she opened her eyes and her face lifted into an excited expression. 
Ahem, ahem, ahem… 
Sebastian let out a few coughs upon hearing Sasha’s voice. What followed was a slight quiver of his eyelashes. 
Slowly, he opened his eyes. 
“Sebby! You’re finally awake!” 
Sasha was excited to see that and immediately sat up straight. 
Despite still being in a daze and a blurry vision, Sebastian instinctively reached out his hand after hearing that familiar voice. 
“Darling…” 
“Hmm, yeah. I’m here.” 
Sasha hurriedly held onto his hand and pressed it against her cheek tightly. Torrents of emotions streamed down her face uncontrollably.
“You’ve finally woke up. I thought…” 
“Silly girl.” 
Sebastian’s vision, by then, had slowly become clearer and more focused. 
At the sight of the crying woman, he felt a pinch in his heart, which quickly evolved into a warm smile on his face. 
He pulled her into his embrace and muttered, “Nothing will happen to me. I still have you and the three kids. How can I leave you all behind?” 
“Hmm…” 
Sasha, who had been quivering in grief, finally felt better with that warm cuddle before his chest. 
Indeed, Sasha and Sebastian had never thought of giving up despite the problems they faced. They always gave their best even in difficult times. 
Living life to their fullest was not only for themselves but also for the other party. 
And so, news of Sebastian regaining consciousness after the party ended spread around quickly. Many erupted into delight upon receiving that piece of good news. 
Guests who had left the party soon also heard about it and could not hold back their tears of joy. 
The next day, Sabrina and Devin had already arrived with their child when Sasha steadied Sebastian down from upstairs. 
“How do you feel? Any discomfort?” Devin asked when he saw the two coming down. 
“I’m fine. Just feeling a little weak,” Sebastian explained truthfully while sitting down.
For a person who had been unconscious for that long, there was no doubt he would be weak. Besides, those injuries he sustained on his h
###Chapter 1296
Chapter 1296
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1296 
Seeing his condition, Devin was slightly worried. 
“Shall I ask Grayson to come over and take a look at you? He knows your condition better.” 
“It’s alright,” Sebastian politely rejected. 
Sitting in the bright and sunny garden, he watched the four kids running around not too far away. Suddenly, a revelation struck him—he had finally achieved the kind of life he had always been looking forward to. 
“What are your plans going forward? Are you entering the White House?” 
“Not really. You know I’m not interested in that. As compared to that, I’d rather pick up my weapon and protect the world. The power game is never my cup of tea,” Devin expressed his thoughts as he arranged the breakfast on the white dining table. 
In fact, someone like him was hard to come by. 
He was a man full of responsibility and ambitions. Unlike others, he refused to go with the flow and mixed in the murky seabed of power. 
Truth be told, if everyone donned in that uniform were like him, there would be peace in the entire world. 
Smiling, Sebastian picked up the mug of warm water in front of him. 
“That sounds great too. Grandpa shall deal with those things instead. I might be accompanying Sasha to Jetroina sometime later. Solomon said he has found Haruto and would let her meet him when the
time comes.” 
“Oh, that’s great.” Hearing that piece of news, Devin’s eyes glowed. 
In comparison, Haruto’s medical knowledge and skills were far more competent than Grayson’s. After all, the former was a genius in the medical industry. 
Devin headed back to Jadeborough after breakfast that day. 
Even though he had no plans of intervening with matters at Jadeborough, he still had to take charge of the situation there before a new leader took over the role. 
On the other hand, Sabrina stayed. 
She felt great to be back at this home with Jaena. 
“Oh yes, Sab. Have you met Edmund?” 
“Oh, nope,” Sabrina, who was having a fun time playing with her kid, replied without giving too much thought to it. 
In truth, Edmund did not appear at the party the other day. Sasha had tried calling him a few times, yet, none of the calls went through to her surprise. 
And she reasoned it with two possibilities—one, he was unwilling to pick up her class; two, her number had been blocked. 
Somehow, Sasha felt a prickle of guilt within her. 
She thought of meeting him in person to not only thank him but also to apologize regarding the incident earlier on.
Nevertheless, she still had not managed to get in touch with Edmund. Instead, Willow made an appearance as she came running to her house. The moment she stepped foot in, she threw her bag aside, jumped onto the couch, and began tearing up. 
Sasha was shocked to see her. 
What is this all about again? 
Without choice, she put down the cookies she had prepared for the kids and walked over to Willow. 
“What’s going on? Who has bullied you? Tell me; I’ll avenge you!” 
“Really?” 
Willow looked up at Sasha innocently with her swollen and teary eyes upon hearing those words. 
Sasha took a deep breath and gulped. “Yeah, go ahead and tell me.” 
Elated, Willow explained, “Then, ask Brandon to come over. I’ve waited at his house for three days, but he’s nowhere to be seen. What do you think he’s up to? Is he not willing to see me?” 
Sasha did not know what to make of it. 
Wait, no way. Since when did this woman get so close with that ostentatious guy? 
Sasha could not get it through her head. There were just too many matters she was going through and weighing on her mind for the past few years. Had Willow not told her about it, she would never learn about it in any way. 
“Hold up… I’m a little confused. You’re telling me that you and Brandon are dating? You guys have gotten to that stage?”
“We’ve even done everything there is to be done.” 
Pfft! 
Sasha spat her mouthful of water onto the floor. 
Done everything there is to be done… What the hell! What a scoop! 
Sasha pushed herself off the chair due to the extreme shock. She only managed to digest that piece of news she heard after a short while and continued prying into the matter. 
“Since you guys have gotten to that stage, then why is he still avoiding you when you’ve looked for him for three days?” 
“How would I know? I won’t be here looking for you if I know the reason for it. Nancy, tell me. Do you think he doesn’t want to see me? If that is so, he can tell me straight up. I won’t badger him then,” Willow added with a pitiful expression on her face. 
To that, Sasha fell silent. 
In all honesty, she had learned not to take words from this best friend of hers too seriously, especially regarding relationships. Like a typical Pisces, she would never give up so easily, sometimes even getting overly obsessed, once she made up her mind for it. 
A trace of ominous premonition hit Sasha. 
Later, she went to make a phone call to Brandon. 
“Hello? Brandon?” 
“Sasha? Wow, you’re actually calling me?” Brandon picked up the call, and like usual, his tone sounded familiar and very endearing.
After some contemplation, Sasha asked, “It’s like this. Willow is at my house. Can I know what’s going on between the two of you?”
###Chapter 1297
Chapter 1297
Chapter 1297 Everything That Could Happen Has Happened 
“What?” Brandon’s tone sank immediately upon hearing Sasha’s words. “She went to look for you? Sasha, listen. Don’t meddle yourself in this matter. I’ve told her we’re nothing more than friends and for her to stop bothering me.” 
“Nothing more than friends?” 
Sasha was stumped. 
Shifting her gaze to the depressed woman in the garden, she became anxious, “But Willow says you guys have—” 
“Slept with each other?” Brandon snickered over the phone. “We’re all adults, so we got drunk and did things as we wish. Don’t tell me that we’ll have to get stuck together because of that? We’re in the 21st century, mind you! Please tell her to stop being so pedantic!” 
Brandon’s choice of words hinted at his annoyance. Sasha was stunned and didn’t know how to react. 
She was unclear about the situation going on between the two. 
Actually, given the society we’re in, Brandon does make a point if it’s a one-night stand. There’s no way I can implore him any further. 
Besides, she could tell from Brandon’s tone that there was not even a hint of love he had for Willow. 
Sasha hung up the call and walked out of the room. 
“How is it? Did he agree to come here?” As expected, Willow who was waiting intently in the garden, immediately leaped up from her seat upon seeing Sasha’s return and looked at her with hope.
Sasha’s heart ached seeing her act that way. 
Nonetheless, she walked over and pulled her over to sit on the chair. 
“Willow, be honest with me. Are you guys really a couple?” 
Willow turned her gaze away as she sat down, her face and lips paled of all colors. 
“W-What did he tell you…?” 
“No. He only mentioned to me about that night after you guys got drunk… He says he’s sorry about it. Brandon isn’t a mature guy, Willow. His mom has spoilt him since young; that’s why he doesn’t have a great sense of responsibility. He won’t think that he’ll have to be responsible for a lady after sleeping with her. Besides…” 
“Willow, tell me honestly. After you guys got drunk that night, was it really by chance? Or…” 
Sasha did not finish her sentence. 
Yet, she had put forth her meaning clearly. 
By now, Willow was getting more flustered. As embarrassed as she was, all she wanted to do at that moment was to bury her head down. 
The atmosphere became stilled in an instant. 
Even the birds and bees in the garden had seemingly stopped in their tracks. Only their breathing and Willow’s sobs could be heard. 
Indeed, foolish women can act extremely silly and terrifying.
Why would she still use such methods to make someone who doesn’t like her stay? No wonder Brandon sounded so annoyed after I mentioned Willow’s name. 
Left with no other choice, Sasha sent Willow back to the room to get some rest. 
Later at noon, Sebastian returned home after a body check at the hospital. 
Seeing there was another person at home, he asked Sasha about Willow. As she explained the situation in detail, Sabrina jumped in and interrupted before Sebastian could say anything. 
“What’s wrong with that woman? With Aunt Matilda around, I’m sure she’ll put her through hell even if she manages to marry Brandon!” 
At the thought of that intimidating figure in the Emmanuels, everyone including Sasha broke out in cold sweat and could not seem to say anything anymore. 
They had forgotten that the perfect candidate who would fit Matilda’s criterion as a daughter-in-law was someone talented and beautiful inside out but also well-matched in terms of background. 
Just the mere thought of it sent Sasha shuddering in fear. 
In the end, Sasha pacified the agitated Willow. That day, after knowing Brandon’s short break had come to an end and was leaving Avenport, Willow finally accepted the reality and decided to return to Clear. 
Really? 
Judging from Willow’s gloomy expression, Sasha was a little skeptical about it. 
Of course, as much as she was worried, she did not insist on asking Willow to stay since the latter had already made up her mind.
After some thought, Sasha ultimately decided to contact Solomon to seek help from him since she could not leave the matters on hand behind. 
“Solomon, do you happen to be free? Willow says she wants to go back, but I worried about her as she’s not at her best mental state right now. Can you help me send her home?” 
“Alright,” Solomon readily agreed. 
That afternoon, Solomon found the dejected Willow at the waiting area in the airport. 
She was sitting alone in a corner, with tears rolling down her cheeks. 
“Let’s go. I’ll send you back.” 
Solomon was exasperated to see her pathetic appearance. 
Conversely, upon seeing the man’s arrival, Willow did something she had never done before in Frontier Bay—an immense outpour of her emotions. 
After staring drearily at Solomon for a split second, she pranced up and hugged him, bawling her eyes out. 
“Solomon, he lied! Everything that could happen has already happened between us. B-But now he says we’re all adults and should be clear of the line. Why did he do that?” 
Solomon felt awkward toward Willow’s action that his body stiffened up at once.
###Chapter 1298
Chapter 1298
Chapter 1298 Obsessions Does Not Bode Well 
Solomon had always thought of Willow as a girl with the looks but not the brain. Her beauty was captivating, the sexy kind, but her intelligence was underwhelming, to say the least. 
That said, it was not always a bad thing as that meant that she was innocent. 
In the end, Solomon pried her hands off him after holding it in for quite some time. 
“What do you want then?” 
“I…” 
Willow, who cried like a baby, was suddenly at a loss for words. 
Solomon, on the other hand, looked away. He was afraid that he just might leave if he saw her any longer. 
“If you’re sure you want to be with him, I can help. Hayes Corporation is one of the shareholders of the company Brandon’s in. I can arrange for you to work there, assuming that you would like to get closer to him.” 
“Really?” Willow’s eyes lit up the moment she heard that. 
She instantly stood up and hugged Solomon’s arm again while her beady eyes were still watery with tears. 
“That’d be great! I knew you could do something, Solomon! Help me make the arrangements as soon as possible.”
Solomon looked at her in silence for a few seconds before he tried shaking her off so that he could leave. 
Nevertheless, Willow did not let go. Her eyes were sparkling with joy as she kept her gaze on Solomon, unwilling to let go. 
Solomon was rendered speechless. 
In the end, he let Willow have her way and brought her back with him. 
When Solomon returned, he called Sasha and gave her a summary of what happened, and, as expected, Sasha was in awe of Willow’s persistence after hearing Solomon’s story. 
“That doesn’t sound too bad. At least there’s a chance she gives up after realizing the truth with that arrangement.” 
“Yes, my thoughts exactly.” 
Solomon nodded and told Sasha the reasoning for making that decision. 
After that, when he was about to end the call, a man’s voice popped up from the other end. 
“Who’re you on the phone with?” 
“Huh?” Sasha sounded a little shocked. 
“Sebby, you’re awake? I’m talking to Solomon right now. Willow came back and decided to stay again, so he called to let me know,” she explained briefly. 
As soon as Sebastian heard that, he frowned.
Nonetheless, it was none of his business. So, after he got closer, he changed the subject, “Can you ask him when he can go to Jetroina?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was stunned yet again. 
That soon? The weather in Jetroina right now is freezing! On top of that, he hasn’t fully recovered. Can he actually handle it? 
“Sebby…” 
“Regarding Jetroina, I’m ready whenever. Haruto’s already there,” Solomon interrupted. 
“Alright, I’ll get back to work now, Nancy. Let me know after you guys finish discussing.” 
After that, he ended the call. 
Solomon did not want to admit that his heart still ached even now when he heard Sasha and Sebastian talking so intimately with each other. It was like something heavy was weighing down on his chest. 
Thus, he took out his laptop and got ready for work. 
Half an hour passed, and Akiko received news telling her that Willow got arranged to work in Brandon’s company without any problems. 
“Ms. Fischer, you’re going to be working as Mr. Emmanuel’s personal assistant. Are you happy about that?” 
Akiko’s smile was dazzling when she brought the news to Willow as it meant that Willow would no longer be at the company and would not keep bugging Solomon. 
Willow was nervous before she heard the news, but her nerves instantly turned to joy after that.
“Of course! Do I go there right now?” 
“Calm down now. Mr. Emmanuel’s going to show some resistance if you went there alone. I’ll have someone accompany you there. That way, no matter how reluctant Mr. Emmanuel is, the company likely won’t do anything out of respect for Hayes Corporation.” 
Akiko was very considerate. 
Willow was overjoyed after hearing what Akiko said. 
Then, Willow went to Brandon’s company with one of the supervisors from the public relations department of Hayes Corporation. When Willow got there, she immediately got sent to a film set, where Brandon was. 
“Brandon!” 
Willow was ecstatic when she saw him. 
She had her bag with her and the clothes she wore for three days straight because she waited for him at the house, when she saw the man. He looked like he just walked out of an antique drawing. 
As soon as Willow saw Brandon, she quickly forgot all the unpleasant things that happened to her. 
That said, Brandon was not so happy to see her, as his expression was ice cold. 
His team also started murmuring on the side. 
“Why is she here again? On set no less. This woman’s so persistent.” 
“Right? She should really take a look at her age! She’s three years older than Brandon! Where does she get the courage to be so forward?”
“Ugly people and their tomfooleries!” 
“…” 
Everyone was looking at Willow with detest in their eyes. 
Willow noticed them, of course, and her face paled, instinctively looking over to the man she was there to see. 
However, she noticed that he wasn’t looking at her anymore. Instead, he acted as though she was never there and continued on with his schedule. 
Brandon…
###Chapter 1299
Chapter 1299
Chapter 1299 Do You Not Want To Marry 
At Frontier Bay. 
Sasha had eventually decided to depart for Jetroina the next day under Sebastian’s request. 
The children all surrounded her when they heard about it. 
“Don’t worry, Mommy. You go get cured. I’ll look after Vivi at home.” 
“That’s right!” 
The brothers were very considerate and made their mother a promise. 
Vivian was turning ten as well, so she became very obedient when she heard that her mother was leaving to get treated. 
“Mommy, I’ll call you every day. And Daddy, remember to tell us everything that’s going on with Mommy,” the little girl said as she pulled Sebastian’s arm. 
Sebastian’s heart had already melted by then, so he agreed without a moment’s hesitation. 
Not long after, Karl and Xayden arrived as well. 
Even though Xayden was not a doctor, he got asked to follow along because he was still considered a genius when it came to chemistry, and that he was the reason why Sasha was able to stabilize. 
“Mr. Hayes, let me go along with Xayden too. Your body has not recovered completely. I’m worried that there might still be remnants of Eddie’s men in Jetroina that would try to harm you.” 
“Okay.”
Sebastian did not refuse as he recalled the time he was in the Sherwood residence’s basement. 
Indeed, the guy that was watching him looked like he got brainwashed. 
With that, the crew left, accompanied by Solomon. 
The trip was actually quite a rare occasion as the two men had never gone out together ever since they found out each other’s names, even though time had passed and they were no longer at each other’s throats. 
That said, it was still very awkward for the two to be aboard the same plane. 
Solomon was silent the entire flight. 
On the other hand, Sebastian was fine at the beginning of the flight, but his head started feeling uncomfortable as the flight reached high altitude. So, he kept his eyes shut. 
“Mrs. Hayes, is Mr. Hayes okay? Does he need some medicine?” 
“It’s fine. He just needs to rest for a bit,” Sasha said as she looked at the pale handsome face that was beside her. 
Even though she was actually quite concerned, she still comforted Xayden and Karl who followed along. 
Silence ensued in the cabin after that. 
After a few hours, the plane finally landed in Jetroina. 
Solomon saw it through the window, so he stood up and started getting his luggage.
“Haruto is already waiting outside. Do I ask him to come in?” he asked Sasha with his bags in his hands after a brief moment’s hesitation 
Huh? 
Sasha was caught off guard by the question. 
Nevertheless, Karl was quick to react and immediately nodded. “Yes, Mr. Solomon. Thanks for the trouble.” 
Solomon got out of the plane after hearing that. 
He was a little stiff and looked quite disoriented, just like how kids would awkwardly try to make up after an argument. Karl felt funny just looking at him. 
It took about ten minutes before everyone got out. When they did, they immediately noticed that a doctor was waiting at the security clearance with a wheelchair. 
People who suffered from serious concussions were not suited for flight, after all, and needed time to recuperate. 
Despite that, Sebastian was the kind of person that would disregard his own well-being for the people around him, especially Sasha. He would literally give up his life for her if need be. 
Then, everyone headed to Haruto’s hospital, following Solomon’s arrangements. 
He had contacted the hospital and readied a ward for Sasha. 
Then, he passed a set of keys to Karl and said, “This is the key for my house in Terrandya. You two can stay there. Oh, and if you guys need anything, you can go to my bar. Tell them who you are, and they’ll get you sorted.”
He actually thought about everything! 
At that moment, the respect and gratitude Karl had for Solomon grew tremendously. 
“Thank you, Mr. Solomon. We’ll leave Mr. Hayes’ house in your care then since we’re all out here.” 
“Sure.” 
Solomon nodded and left the hospital not long after that. 
That night, both Sasha and Sebastian stayed in the hospital, and Haruto immediately started his research with their conditions in mind. 
… 
“Akiyama, are you sure you don’t want to go pay your respect to your mother? You don’t come back often, you know,” Yamada asked while sitting on the sofa with his cane. 
It was late into the night, and he had caught wind of Solomon’s return to Jetroina. They were currently in the penthouse suite of a five-star hotel in Terrandya. 
As soon as Yamada finished, Solomon, who was pouring out a glass of wine, paused for a brief moment. 
Mother? 
He snickered. 
“I need to ask, why did you go out with her even though you knew what kind of person she was? Was it because of her looks?”
Solomon turned around and walked over with the wine. He felt no need to hide the insult in his tone. 
Instantly, Yamada’s expression darkened, but he did not get angry. 
Instead, he took the wine handed to him and started explaining. 
“You don’t know what happened with your mother and me. Indeed, she caused a lot of trouble back then, but she wasn’t always like that. Frederick should never have tempted her if he didn’t intend to marry her.”
###Chapter 1300
Chapter 1300
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1300 
Solomon kept quiet. 
He felt speechless and took a sip of his wine without commenting on the subject. 
He knew his mother well. The moment she left him, an eight-year-old boy, at the Wand family and told them that he was an orphan, she no longer deserved anyone putting in a good word for her. 
But despite that, Yamada still defended her, which goes to show how loyal of a man he was. 
Then, Solomon took out a check from the suitcase he brought. 
“This is the profit from the collaboration between Hayes Corporation and Sinch Enterprise, take it.” 
“I…” 
Yamada suddenly became a little hesitant. 
He looked at the check and quickly said, “I’m not here for this. I just heard that you were back, so I wanted to see you. I…” 
“I know. But I also know that your two sons had taken over Sinch Enterprise, and things are going downhill due to their mismanagement, but they refuse to let you back in. So, this is the only way I could help you right now.” 
Solomon stood in front of Yamada and explained as that was his true intention all along. 
Even though they were not close because of his mess of a mother, the man in front of Solomon was still undeniably the reason he could grow and complete his studies after he was eighteen.
Moreover, the conditions Yamada provided were exceptional. 
That was why Solomon was willing to hand the profit directly to Yamada after Solomon took charge of Hayes Corporation. 
To him, it was a show of gratitude. 
Tears welled up from Yamada’s eyes after hearing that and he eventually took the check with his trembling hand. 
“I knew I should’ve let you manage Sinch Enterprise.” 
“I don’t think so. I’m adopted, after all. Don’t worry. The amount here is off-the-books. So, they won’t find out about it. You can do whatever you want with it,” Solomon responded calmly. 
After that. Yamada said nothing more. 
No one could help a generation hero with his disappointing descendants. 
Hence, Yamada got ready to leave. 
“Oh, right. There’s one more thing I wanted to ask you. You’re already thirty. Why isn’t there any news about you getting married? Don’t the Hayes family care about you? Why didn’t they make some arrangements?” 
Yamada was already at the door, but he stopped and turned around. He looked dead serious when asking that question. 
Solomon’s expression immediately darkened. 
“No. I just don’t want to get married yet.”
“You don’t want to get married? You’re thirty, Akiyama. You’re the person in charge of Hayes Corporation! Aren’t you afraid that the shareholders would feel displeased if you don’t marry and have kids?” He paused. 
“On top of that, I heard your sister’s already married, right? Let me remind you that people who married into other families will have their shares retracted. You should know that the board of directors would get to redistribute your shares if you didn’t have an heir. How are you going to hold on to the Hayes family’s share? Have you thought about it?” 
The old man actually had a sharp mind. He immediately pointed out the main issue Solomon was currently facing in Hayes Corporation. 
Indeed, not only Sabrina’s but even Ian’s share was in jeopardy because the board of directors was not happy after they confirmed that Ian was a descendant of the Jadeson family. 
Even though there was still Sebastian, according to the law, he was currently in no position to help his son keep the shares. So, what Yamada said was absolutely right. 
“Well, the Minamoto family just held a coming of age ceremony for their daughter, who just turned twenty. Maybe I can arrange for a meeting. What do you think?” 
Solomon stayed quiet for a little and calmed himself down before saying, “I’ll have someone send you back.” 
“This is the Minamoto family we’re talking about here. Do you know who they are? They are the most prestigious family in the whole Terrandya! What are you thinking!” Yamada’s voice filled the space even after he got in the elevator. 
You unreliable boy!
Solomon felt dizzy after that and slammed the door shut after returning to his room. 
Who the Minamotos were was of no concern to him because he was never going to get married. 
That said, when Solomon woke up the next morning, he was surprised that someone was ringing the doorbell. So, he knitted his brows and went to open the door. 
At the door was a delicately dressed girl in Jetroinian traditional outfit. 
Behind her were two middle-aged Jetroina men who were dressed just as formally as the girl. 
Solomon was speechless. 
You crazy old man. 
… 
At the hospital, Sasha and Sebastian found out about it as well. 
Not through any special means, though, but the television in the hospital. 
Someone said that they witnessed the eldest daughter of the Minamoto family being sent to the penthouse suite of the most famous five-star hotel all dressed up. 
It looked like they were making arrangements for her to get married. 
Pfft! 
Karl spat out all the water after seeing that. 
“Sebby, what do you think about this?” Sasha asked after Karl got out.
Sebastian’s brow furrowed. 
“If he’s thinking of holding on to the company shares for the family, marrying the daughter of the Minamoto family is indeed a good move.”
###Chapter 1301
Chapter 1301
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1301 
The Minamoto family? 
Sasha did not know much about Jetroina. Hence, the family name did not ring a bell. 
However, since the man in front of her said that it was a good choice, she felt more relieved and did not worry about the matter anymore. She channeled all of her focus on receiving treatment in Jetroina after Solomon had returned home. 
Needless to say, Sebastian was by her side, taking care of her all the while. 
One day, Karl came over and updated him with a piece of unexpected news. 
“Mr. Hayes, I think I saw Mr. Cooper just now.” 
What? 
Sebastian, who was holding some medicine, stopped what he was doing and turned his head. 
Seeing his expression, Karl immediately whipped out his smartphone and showed Sebastian the picture he took. 
Indeed, the man in the photo was Edmund. 
Though the car was speeding off, Karl’s average photography skills still managed to capture a clear angle of the man inside the car. It was confirmed to be Edmund, who had left unannounced upon rescuing Sebastian from the basement of the Sheerwood residence. 
Why is he in Jetroina? Sebastian frowned. 
“Go and investigate his purpose of coming over here. If it’s for leisure, leave him alone,” he instructed.
Soon, Karl left. 
Initially, Sebastian wanted to thank Edmund in proper once everything blew over. 
He had two reasons to do so. First, he was the one who sent Edmund back to Yorksland back then. Second, the other man had also saved him in the nick of time. 
Therefore, Sebastian wanted to repay him somehow. 
However, Edmund mysteriously disappeared and had not shown up anywhere since. Later on, Devin managed to contact him, but he declined all gestures of appreciation. 
Edmund had always been a loafer who had no desire whatsoever for power and money. 
Seeing that he could not get Edmund to change his mind, Sebastian ended up doing nothing about it. 
So, he was not too surprised to hear that Karl spotted Edmund in Jetroina. To him, the possibility of the latter traveling here to look for entertainment was high. 
Reality soon proved that Sebastian’s speculation was correct. That evening, Karl paid him a visit at the hospital and reported that Edmund had gone to a casino. The latter even had a jolly good time with a bunch of ladies, indulging in all sorts of hedonistic desires. 
“He’s really something else. Isn’t it better to stay in Jadeborough and let Devin find him a good job? Why must he come all the way here to seek pleasure?” 
Sasha overheard their conversation in the ward. She, too, had the impression that Edmund was not much of an ambitious fellow. 
It did not cross her mind that some people naturally possessed a languid demeanor and never liked to be constrained.
Then, they dropped the topic. 
Later that night, Sebastian was surprised at the turn of events. Edmund had run into a spot of trouble at the casino! 
“Mr. Cooper, you’ve lost many rounds already. Do you intend to continue?” 
On a table filled with chips, a Jetroinian man sitting opposite Edmund saw that he had run out of chips. With a cigar in his mouth, he asked the question with a smirk. 
Edmund would never admit defeat. Thus, he waved his hand, and tens of millions worth of poker chips were instantly delivered to him. 
“Absolutely! I’m just getting warmed up.” 
Therefore, the session resumed. 
After gambling for another four to five rounds of high-stake games, Edmund lost again and again. The man from the Cooper family who accompanied him on this trip started sensing something was off. 
“Mr. Edmund, let’s call it a day and head back. It’s getting late.” 
“Why should we go back? I have vast experience in casinos. I don’t believe that I can’t even win a game here!” the scion bellowed. 
He then added another thirty million in order to recover whatever he had lost. 
In truth, it was a piece of cake for someone equipped with his skills to win money from the casino. After all, he had been operating a casino in Yorksland for years. It was impossible for him not to know the cheating tactics used by casinos.
Yet, strangely enough, his thirty million vanished just like that once more. 
It was as if luck had abandoned him. He could never get the card he wanted, and each hand dealt was utterly horrible. 
“Mr. Edmund…” 
“Mr. Cooper, one more round perhaps?” the man stared at him with a bright smile and asked. 
Edmund narrowed his eyes. Suddenly, he slammed his palm on the table and requested, “I want to check the security footage. Someone get me the surveillance and monitoring records now!” 
Security footage? 
A commotion broke out among the crowd at the casino. At that instant, all eyes were fixated on him. 
Requesting for the security footage implied that the other party was cheating. In other words, it was a huge issue which alerted everyone. Should the alleged action be true, it could lead to a bloody consequence. 
The atmosphere grew tense, causing the Coopers’ subordinate to panic. 
This is not our home ground. It’s best we keep a low profile instead of kicking up a big fuss. 
Thus, he pulled Edmund’s sleeve and persuaded him, “Just let it slide, Mr. Edmund. Let’s go.” 
Right when Edmund was about to say something, the person who gambled with him stood up. 
“Sure, let’s satisfy Mr. Cooper’s wish. Go ahead and bring the footage from the control room.” 
“Duly noted, Mr. Kondo.” The staff at the casino obeyed the command given.
This feels really off. Why would the accused offer to bring out the footage? Furthermore, our earlier few gambling sessions were questionable. 
###Chapter 1302
Chapter 1302
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1302 
Only then, it finally dawned on Edmund that something was amiss. Hence, he decided to leave the casino. 
When he was about to turn and leave, several Jetroinians with samurai swords attached to their waists appeared from behind and blocked him. 
“Why the rush, Mr. Cooper? You haven’t even seen the footage yet. It’s not too late to leave after checking it out, I hope.” 
Darn it! 
With that, Edmund had no choice but to return to his seat. 
Just as he had expected, the footage was crystal clear, with absolutely no problem or fishy issue detected. However, there was something peculiar. When the cards were transferred to the man sitting opposite him, they magically turned into something else. 
“You…” Edmund was enraged. 
Jumping out of his seat, he glared at the daring Jetroinian who conducted such a brazen act openly. 
“What’s this all about? You changed the cards?” 
“Yes. How else could I trick you to stay, Mr. Cooper?” The Jetroinian laughed as he removed his shirt, revealing decks of cards hidden underneath. Without a trace of guilt and shame, he tossed them all on the table. 
Edmund pressed his lips together in anger.
Having found himself in this situation, Edmund knew that he had been set up. If I still fail to see that this is a trap, I’m really a dumb*ss. 
Infuriated, Edmund stared daggers at him. 
“Who on earth are you? What are you trying to do?” 
“I’m not trying to do anything. I just wanted to find out how much those two gave you after what you’ve done for them back home. Did you lose all that you’ve gained to me yet?” 
The words spewing out of the Jetroinian’s mouth caused Edmund to turn ghastly pale in disbelief. 
“You… You guys are…?” 
“Don’t be nervous or anxious. Rest assured that we’ve got nothing to do with the other party. Back then, someone was very kind to me when I was down and out. So, when I heard about the great things that Mr. Cooper has done, I looked forward to meeting you in person.” 
He continued, “For all that you’ve done, I think it’s perfectly all right for me to take some money from you to bury that person when he dies. Wouldn’t you agree?” 
He walked over and patted Edmund’s face, to which the latter avoided as a reflex response. 
As he slightly moved his body, the Jetroinians with samurai swords strode over and clasped both of his arms. Then, they pinned him down on the table. 
“Mr. Edmund!” his frightened subordinate cried out loud. 
As if that was not enough to send everyone into a terror-stricken mode, a knife was immediately placed at Edmund’s neck.
Seeing the turn of events, many gamblers started leaving the casino quietly. Within ten minutes, the humungous casino was vacant, leaving only the people at their table behind. 
“What exactly do you want to do? Let me tell you something, if I’m found dead in this casino, the Jadesons will never let you off the hook easily!” Edmund said through gritted teeth while being pressed against the table. His eyes had gone bloodshot with anger. 
Desperate moments called for desperate measures. In order to save his own life, he had to bring up that dreaded family name. 
Fortunately, the Jetroinian nodded in agreement upon hearing that. 
“I know. That’s why I have no intention of stepping on their toes. Didn’t I say so earlier? I just wanted to get some money off you and set it aside for his funeral. You must know, it’s all thanks to you that my benefactor suffered badly.” 
He lowered his head and slapped Edmund’s head again. 
Benefactor? Is he referring to the person who’s about to be charged at the international tribunal? The old bastard who’s going to face death soon? 
Edmund cackled. “I see that you’re just a dog of his. It appears to me that he possesses great talent in brainwashing others. Back at the basement located in the Sheerwood residence, that loyal dog was just like you, committing blindly to him despite knowing that he’s a gone case.” 
Thump! 
A chair was swung in Edmund’s direction. 
As a consequence, he felt a flaring pain from his back and momentarily lost his vision.
“A dog? Are you one too, then? I’m a dog that serves the Limmer family, whereas you’re a dog that bootlicks the Jadesons.” 
The man continued taunting Edmund, “Don’t think that I’m unaware of your relationship with that woman, Cooper! Would you like me to send your good friend some photos? To show him just what his dog has been doing all these while?” 
Then, he chucked a stack of photos at Edmund. 
Edmund took a glance. In an instant, his face turned completely pale. 
“How dare you?” he growled his words through gritted teeth. 
The Jetroinian smiled smugly. “That’s why you should cooperate nicely with me and offer everything that belongs to the Coopers. Otherwise, not only will I send these pictures over, I’ll be more than happy to abduct that woman too. How about that?” 
Like a venomous snake, he picked up the most eye-catching photo and patted Edmund’s face with it. 
It was a photo secretly taken at the temple. 
On that luscious landscape surrounded by tranquil chanting, that woman was standing under an old maple tree. Wearing a black jacket, she held a child in her arms while gazing into the horizon. It looked as though she was dearly missing someone. 
Unbeknownst to her, there were a pair of eyes watching her from afar, showing deep, passionate affection through a burning gaze. 
Edmund trembled in trepidation. A series of complicated emotions appeared on his chiseled face, which was still pinned down to the table. He was absolutely aghast at what he saw. 
###Chapter 1303
Chapter 1303
Chapter 1303 Can Miss Hayes Save Him 
That was his secret. 
Nobody knew this, but in the past, the old geezer used the same tactic to force him to return to his side when he left the Jadeson residence. 
Edmund had always thought that he hid his feelings perfectly, that even the two Jadesons had not the slightest clue about it. Unexpectedly, all of his actions were captured by that old bastard. As a consequence, it was even used as blackmail against him to become Eddie’s lackey once again. 
That explained why he did not hesitate to lend a helping hand and rescue Sebastian from the explosion at the basement of the Sheerwood residence. 
Edmund truly wanted Eddie to die so that the latter could no longer haunt him with the dirt he had on him. Additionally, he also distanced himself from Devin and the gang due to this one secret of his. 
Just when he thought he had gotten rid of the old bastard, a Jetroinian was next in line to use the same threat against him. 
Alas, Edmund was left with no other option but to surrender his share of the Cooper family’s possessions. 
“All right, Mr. Cooper. We’ve received what we wanted, so you may excuse yourself. Don’t worry, I won’t lay a finger on you. Times have changed, and I sure don’t want an ugly death,” the Jetroinian stated clearly upon getting what he had coveted.
In the end, a disheveled Edmund was released from the casino. 
What an irony! He entered the casino as a filthy rich person but left the premises without a dime in his pocket. 
“Mr. Edmund, we…” 
“Go back. I can still afford a flight ticket for you.” 
He fished out a few pieces of notes which were originally intended as tips for the waiters at the bar. 
His subordinate was on the verge of crying when Edmund passed him the money. 
“This isn’t right. Mr. Edmund! When Mr. Cooper was alive, he strictly reminded me to take good care of you. Look at the state you’re in now! How could I leave you alone in peace?” 
“I said, go without me! Was the message not loud and clear? Forget about Mr. Cooper! I’m just an illegitimate child who killed him. Why are you still following me? Get lost!” He broke down the moment he uttered the last line. 
Barking at his man to leave him alone, Edmund quickened his steps as he stumbled away. 
To be honest, he was not totally unbothered about his father’s death. Otherwise, it would not have triggered his emotions when his father was mentioned. 
When he lost everything at the casino, it finally dawned on him that he had been leading an extravagant lifestyle all this while. All the things he owned and used were lavish and of premium quality. 
That was the last time Edmund was seen on the streets of Terrandya. 
…
Meanwhile, in Avenport, Sabrina had four children with her. 
She had been a busy bee managing everything at Frontier Bay due to the absence of Sebastian and Sasha. Thus, she was always burned out by the end of each day. 
“Aunt Sabrina, may I skip the dance lesson? I don’t like it.” 
“No way! Your Mommy wants you to attend the class. You’ve put on a lot of weight, so exercise is necessary. Be like me, okay?” Sabrina rejected the request at once. 
As she was brushing the hair of her little niece, she was also multitasking, calling the housemaid to get the car ready. 
A few minutes later, a sulky Vivian was dropped off by Sabrina at the best ballet academy in the city for her dance lesson. 
When she returned home, she channeled her focus on her other two nephews. 
Seeing how her hawk eyes were staring at them, Matteo and Ian ran away immediately. 
It made Sabrina’s blood boil. “Why are you two running? I’m just sending you to learn some combat skills. Do you know how important it is to train your bodies? As the rightful heirs to the royal family, you ought to learn how to protect yourselves,” she chased them around as she nagged. 
The twins stopped in their tracks upon considering her words. 
Matteo shared his perspective, “Ian, I think Aunt Sabrina has got a point here. Remember the danger that our family was in previously? If we learn some combat skills, we’ll be able to fend for ourselves.” 
Ian rolled his eyes at Matteo, who had been brainwashed by Sabrina.
Next, he suggested, “If we do have to learn, why don’t we learn from Mr. Frost?” 
“Huh?” 
“We can also learn from Grandpa and Uncle Devin. They are the elites of the nation, the cream of the crop. Wouldn’t learning from them be a better option than learning from any Tom, Dick, and Harry?” Ian was getting annoyed. 
Matteo hit the back of his head and exclaimed, “Silly me! I totally forgot about that! Hmm… Looks like Aunt Sabrina isn’t that reliable after all. Quick, let’s go off before she catches us.” 
With that, the two boys started running again. 
Panting heavily, Sabrina failed to get a hold of them. Looking at their diminishing figures, she invested all of her remaining energy into yelling and reprimanding them. 
“Ms. Sabrina, please stop chasing them. There’s a phone call for you. It appears to be an overseas foreign number.” 
“Hmm?” She went back into the house. 
From overseas? Could it be Sasha and Sebastian? 
She dashed toward the phone and picked it up. “Hello?” 
“Ms. Hayes, could you please help my master? If he continues as he is, he’s all done for! I beg you, please help him since he once rendered help to your family too!” 
She was astonished to receive such a call as she heard a man sobbing over the phone. 
###Chapter 1304
Chapter 1304
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1304 
Sabrina was stunned. 
Who is he? Who is his master? 
Growing impatient, Sabrina questioned, “Who’s your master? Do I know him?” 
“Ms. Hayes, have you forgotten about us? My master is Mr. Edmund Cooper. He’s now in Jetroina, drinking himself into a stupor daily. He’s got no more money with him and was caught red-handed for stealing liquor. Now, he’s been locked up at the police station, and they aren’t releasing him. Ms. Hayes, please help him! I beg you, please…” He broke down into tears and started sobbing uncontrollably. 
Sabrina was nonplussed. 
Edmund? Why is he in such a terrible state? Isn’t he a Cooper? How is it possible that he has no money at all? 
Sabrina did not buy what she was being told. 
Shortly after, the person who called sent her a photo. In it was a familiar figure. An incredibly unkempt Edmund was spacing out at the police station lock-up! 
Seriously! This fellow is just ridiculous! 
Sabrina’s temper started to spike. 
“What did he do? How did things turn out this way for him? Where’s all his money?”
“Um… He lost it all through gambling.” The man dared not speak the truth. 
Upon hearing that, Sabrina went ballistic. 
She cursed in her mind, He lost it all? Everything that the Coopers own? What a good-for-nothing a**hole! 
Anyhow, she could not leave him unattended. Tightening her grip on the phone, she tried calming herself down. “Okay, my brother is there. I’ll engage him to look into this matter.” 
“Oh no!” the man shouted on the phone. 
“No, no, Ms. Hayes, you can’t let Mr. Hayes know about this! Mr. Edmund would definitely not want Mr. Hayes and Mr. Devin to see him at his worst. Prior to this, I wanted to ask them for help, but Mr. Edmund ed to the idea fiercely. He even threatened to kill himself if I ever spilled a word to them.” 
Sabrina fell silent for ten seconds before lashing out at him mercilessly with harsh words, “What a nut case!” 
Then, she hung up. 
What an idiot! He should have known better. What’s the point of feeling embarrassed to see us after gambling all his possessions away? He’s really something. 
In the end, Sabrina made up her mind to make a trip to Jetroina. 
When Solomon found out about her plan, he questioned, “Why are you going to Jetroina? To see them?” 
“Can’t I?” Displeased, Sabrina retorted without telling him the truth. 
Solomon knitted his brows. “It’s not that you’re not allowed to go, but what’s going to happen to the four children? They need your care and attention, especially your little girl.”
“Oh, I’ll be home before they know it. I’m leaving today, returning tomorrow,” Sabrina quickly clarified her actual plan. 
Initially, she wanted to request her friend in Jetroina to help bail Edmund out. Upon mulling it over, she realized that Sebastian was there. Any moves her friend made might alert Sebastian, considering how sensitive he was. 
Therefore, the best solution was to fly there personally and bail that fellow out. 
With that, she set off on a journey. 
A few hours later, when she arrived at the Terrandya airport, the man who had called her earlier was already there waiting for her. He was moved to tears when he saw her. 
“Ms. Hayes, I’m extremely grateful for your help.” 
“Cut to the chase. Let’s head to the police station and get this mess sorted out,” Sabrina said impatiently. 
Then, she followed him to the police station located in the city center. 
Meanwhile, a group of police was bashing Edmund up because he gave the other criminals at the lock- up a good beating when he was drunk last night. 
“Mr. Edmund! What’s going on here? Why are you beating him up? Do you wish for me to sue you?” 
When the man saw that Edmund had been beaten to a pulp by the police, he rushed forward and blocked in front of him. 
Seeing the awful scene, Sabrina was not quite sure what to feel. As a matter of fact, she had the urge to swing her fists at him too.
In the end, her soft heart led her to spend money and bail that piece of trash out of jail. 
The sun was beaming down on them as they walked out of the police station. Standing at the exit, Sabrina turned and looked at the man with a split lip. She eyeballed him viciously, and if looks could kill, he would be dead. 
At that moment, he avoided having eye contact with her. Countless reminders flashed through his mind, telling him not to meet her gaze. 
Yet, his eyes had a mind of their own. They fixated on her face first before slowly scanning across every inch of her body. 
To be honest, Sabrina was not the prettiest woman among all those that he had seen. 
Her features were sharp, but they were not dazzlingly gorgeous. 
She was a fashionable lady, but she lacked gentleness when compared to other women. Her make-up was more exaggerated than most people’s too. 
As a famous loafer in Yorksland, he had seen uncountable enchanting women. Hence, Edmund had no idea why he would fall head over heels for her. 
There’s something about her. Could it be her uniqueness? Is that why I find her exceptionally special? 
###Chapter 1305
Chapter 1305
Chapter 1305 Nothing Wrong About Love 
Edmund stared at her blankly. 
“What are you looking at? Have you gone dumb? Do you even realize what you’re doing? I guess you don’t because I didn’t hit you, right?” Sabrina was fuming. 
She had geared up to give the good-for-nothing Edmund a piece of her mind with the hope to wake him up from his complacency. However, she realized that he was just staring at her. 
What is he looking at? Is he waiting to see if I’ll beat him to death? The thought enraged Sabrina even more. 
Fortunately, after giving him an earful, he snapped back to his senses, and a panicky expression flashed across his eyes. Instantly, he withdrew his gaze and directed it elsewhere. 
“I know what I’m doing. So, mind your own business.” 
“Haha…” Sabrina let out a mocking laugh. 
“Sure. Then tell me, what on earth are you doing? I heard that you gambled away all of your possessions, is that right? Please enlighten me, Mr. Cooper. What’s your next step?” 
He kept quiet as his eyes flickered for a bit. Subsequently, he walked away. 
What is wrong with this guy? 
Speechless, Sabrina could only trail along behind him.
At first, she wanted to give him some money and head home thereafter. Upon following him for what seemed like an eternity, it was clear to her that the wastrel had no intention to stop. 
“What’s gotten into you? Stop right there, Edmund! You have the guts to make silly mistakes but are unwilling to have me rebuke you?” 
Finally, he turned around. 
“Yes. So what? Sabrina, don’t stick your nose into my business from now on!” 
He glared at her and said those things that he was not proud of. 
Sabrina went ballistic. What an a**hole! 
Her short temper would not tolerate such a response. Immediately, she whipped out a credit card and tossed it at Edmund’s subordinate before storming off. 
Such an ungrateful jerk! I shouldn’t have come all the way here. 
Sabrina decided to leave the country at once. 
Shortly after she had left the police station, Sebastian called, “You’re here in Jetroina?” 
I knew it! Him and his tingling spider senses. 
Sabrina nodded casually. “Oh yeah, I’m here to see you guys.” 
Sebastian queried further, “Your flight touched down around three in the afternoon. It’s six in the evening now. Does it take you three hours to travel from the airport to downtown to see us?” 
“Um…” His retort made Sabrina speechless. 
Thus, she was forced to make her way to the hospital and pay her brother and sister-in-law a visit.
Meanwhile, Sasha was undergoing a cell rejuvenation treatment. 
“Can’t she come out?” 
When Sabrina saw that Sasha was kept in a special isolation room within the intensive care unit, she widened her eyes in shock. 
Sebastian approached her and shot her a cold look. “That’s why you’d better not get into any trouble. I don’t have the time to clean up your mess for you.” 
Sabrina was displeased at his words. 
What is he talking about? Since when have I made him clean up any mess for me? 
Though she felt irritated, she still came clean with Sebastian. 
“Well, I’m actually here for Edmund. His subordinate called me up and asked for help. That bugger lost all the Coopers’ fortune here in Jetroina.” 
“What did you say?” Sebastian blurted in surprise. He could not believe what he had heard. “He lost all of his fortune? How did he manage to do that?” 
“I heard he gambled at a casino in Terrandya. When his pockets were emptied, he indulged excessively in liquor. He was too embarrassed to contact you and Devin. When things got worse, his subordinate had no choice but to reach out to me. I just bailed him out from the police station.” Sabrina updated him on the full story while massaging her temples. 
Indeed, this is one heck of a headache. 
The Coopers’ wealth was not a small sum. Back then, Benedict turned to that old geezer for help and did a lot of smuggling activities for him all because of Edmund.
As soon as Eddie died, the Jadesons took over as the key decision-maker and left the Coopers alone. 
Their total net worth was conservatively estimated at a few hundred million. How did he gamble such a fortune away within one night? 
Sebastian was completely baffled. 
“Hang on, something doesn’t add up. I’ll get Karl to investigate further. You should head home now. I’m warning you, don’t do something like this in the future again. Were you planning to sweep this under the carpet? What gives? Who gave you the courage to do so?” 
Sabrina’s blood boiled with rage. Who’s the elder sister here? 
Nevertheless, she left the hospital for the airport obediently. The truth was that she had no guts to defy his instructions. 
Half an hour later, Karl arrived at the casino and discovered a piece of puzzling information. He was told by the staff at the casino that the man who gambled against Edmund was not a regular there but a random person seeking fun. 
Is that so? 
Karl was not someone to be treated like a fool. As soon as he stepped out of the casino, he contacted SteelFort. 
In no time at all, the security footage for the past two days at the casino was sent to his phone. 
“This man is named Hiroya Kondo. He used to run a smuggling business but is now very quiet. No one knows if he has washed his hands clean.” 
The staff at Solomon’s Jetroinian bar came over, and he could recognize the man in the footage at one glance. Additionally, he also illustrated Hiroya’s background.
Smuggling business? 
Arching his brow, Karl posed another question, “What did he smuggle?” 
###Chapter 1306
Chapter 1306
Chapter 1306 Do Not Make Me Do It Again 
The staff replied, “I think it was firearms or ammunition, something of that sort. When Mr. Akiyama wanted us to stock up, I did reach out to the underground connections to purchase some. At that time, I heard of a man called Hiroya Kondo.” 
“Firearms?” Karl’s heart skipped a beat. He was really sensitive to that word. 
Upon returning to the hospital, he reported to his boss all of the information gathered. Just as Karl had expected, Sebastian’s face darkened the moment he heard about the illegal business Hiroya was involved in. 
“Bring along a few more men and tell that Jetroinian to return everything he has taken from the Coopers. If he does so, I can treat it as if nothing happened. Otherwise, I don’t mind sending him to hell.” 
“Noted!” Karl accepted the task and went ahead to carry it out right away. 
By then, it was already nightfall in the city. 
Sabrina booked an eight o’clock flight in the evening. She had not had anything to eat since her arrival in Jetroina. Therefore, upon reaching the airport, she strode directly to the first cafe she saw to have a meal. 
“Miss, may I know if this is your coffee?” 
“Oh, yes.”
Sabrina paused the video call, put her phone down, and accepted the coffee she was served. 
Matteo asked, “Aunt Sabrina, are you at a cafe? Are you heading home soon? Why don’t you spend more time in Jetroina? Where’s Mommy? Don’t you have to keep her company?” 
Sabrina replied, “Hmph! Your Daddy didn’t agree to that. Instead, he wants me to leave as soon as possible. Anyhow, I didn’t forget your presents.” 
She took up a limited edition warship model and a set of special edition microelectronics books, happily showcasing them over the phone to the two little boys. 
The warship model was for Matteo, who was more playful than his brother. 
Ever since he had learned how his father, uncle, and great-grandfather defended the country in many awesome ways, he started to develop a strong interest in this area. 
As for the microelectronics books, they were meant for Ian. 
He was very proficient with computers. As he grew in maturity, his hacking skills had attained the highest level in the nation. 
Recently, he had developed a new interest. Should he continue deepening his knowledge in this area, he could venture into a sea of options, from aviation techniques to creating microchip rockets. The list was endless. 
Sabrina was so proud to have two outstanding nephews. 
Suddenly, she felt very sleepy. 
Matteo questioned, “Aunt Sabrina? Aunt Sabrina?” 
Ian went silent.
A few seconds later, the kids witnessed their aunt’s head hanging lower and lower. Eventually, she collapsed on the coffee table and lay there unconscious. 
Oh no, something bad happened! 
Terrified, Ian immediately stood up and called his father, whereas Matteo continued staring at the phone screen, checking who the bad guy who did that to their aunt was. 
Unfortunately, his effort was in vain. The bad guy seemed to have noticed the phone. Subsequently, a big hand wearing a black glove moved nearer to the screen. Next, everything went pitch dark. 
Aunt Sabrina… 
… 
When Sebastian received the call, Karl was already on his way to get the Jetroinian. 
The moment he heard his son report that Sabrina was in trouble, he dashed out of the hospital without any delay. 
Two hours later at the same casino, a bloodied Hiroya was thrown on the same table which he had previously pinned Edmund against. Sebastian ruthlessly placed his foot on Hiroya’s face. 
“Believe it or not, I can make the entire Kondo family disappear from this earth.” 
All the Jetroinians on the floor gasped in disbelief as they trembled in fear, including Hiroya. 
They were well aware that the person standing before them was the man who defeated their boss. Though their boss had strategically schemed his grand plan for decades and even held major powers in his hands, he still failed to escape death. 
Hence, they had no reason to doubt what Sebastian stated.
“Yes, we believe you. Mr. Hayes, I-I didn’t hurt your sister. I… I heard that she came over to bail Edmund out. I was too afraid that she would tell you about it. That’s why… I invited her for a visit.” 
“Really?” Sebastian had no intention of moving his foot, not even an inch. 
Standing there nonchalantly, he played with a knife in his hand while chewing gum in his mouth, looking bored. 
Hmm… I have to quit smoking because my darling wife is sick. 
“When I went back to Hayes Corporation, I told myself I never ever wanted to see blood nor touch any blades or guns again. It’s best you don’t make me break my vow.” 
“Yes, yes, yes. It’s all my fault! I deserve death. Let me have someone send Ms. Sabrina back safe and sound.” 
Then, the man instantly made arrangements for his subordinate to do so, all while still under Sebastian’s foot. 
Truthfully, he was not brave enough to do anything to Sabrina. 
The only reason he abducted Sabrina at the airport was because he did not know that the powerful Sebastian was also in Terrandya. Had he known that, he would not have the courage to do what he did, even if prompted with benefits. 
As a result, Sabrina was sent back in one piece. 
Seeing so, Sebastian offered to release Hiroya if he were to return the wealth to the Coopers. 
Nowadays, he had no intention of harming others. It was not easy for him to lead a peaceful and tranquil life. In addition, Sasha was here for medical treatment. Hence, Sebastian did not wish to have anything
negative bothering him. 
With that, Sebastian led his people and exited the casino. 
Unexpectedly, the moment they stepped foot outside, they ran into a disheveled and unkempt figure. Upon seeing who they were, the person halted in his steps. 
“Mr. Cooper?” Karl exclaimed while carrying an unconscious Sabrina. 
Sebastian furrowed his eyebrows. 
This is blatantly disappointing! 
###Chapter 1307
Chapter 1307
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1307 
Sebastian took a chair and sat down. 
There was a strong stench of blood lingering in the air at the casino, where the stains on the floor were still clearly seen. The messy surroundings indicated that a gory battle had happened here not too long ago. 
“Spill. What exactly happened?” He crossed his legs and asked, giving the man a lot of grace. 
Edmund stood there with a blank face. 
Moments later, he gave in to Sebastian’s death stare and started to reveal the full story with a stammer, “He’s Eddie’s man. I… I helped your family, and I also saved you from the basement of Sheerwood residence. Hence, he targeted me to avenge Eddie.” 
“Hmm… Why didn’t you come to me for help?” uttered Sebastian as he gazed at Edmund. 
He’s definitely telling the truth. 
Sebastian had also figured it out when he had guessed the identity of the Jetroinian. 
Upon hearing the unexpected question, Edmund panicked slightly. He avoided Sebastian’s gaze and shook his head. 
“I can’t go to you.”
“Why?” Sebastian furrowed his brows. “Was it because of your pride? I’ve mentioned this before, and I’m going to say it again. Since you’re Devin’s friend, we’re on the same side. You’ve risked your life for the Jadesons so many times. It’s only fair that I repay you the favor,” he assured Edmund with a promise. 
In this world, the number of friends that Sebastian had could easily be counted using one hand. 
However, he was extremely disappointed to be rejected by Edmund once more. 
“All this happened because of my father. That’s why I didn’t feel it was wrong for that man to take away all that I ever had. It was just that I couldn’t come to terms with it, especially these past few days. That’s all.” 
Sebastian kept quiet, giving Edmund time to express himself. 
“Now that you’ve gotten everything back for me, I’m all good. It’s about time I reevaluate my life goals.” 
Reevaluate his life goals? 
Sebastian looked at him while suspicion flashed past his beautiful black eyes. 
What does that mean? What does he want to do? 
“I’m thinking of heading to Smealand. The industrial sector isn’t too developed over there. Therefore, I want to bring our technologies over and try it out. Who knows? I might succeed and make a name for myself.” 
Shifting his gaze away, Edmund stood in front of Sebastian and proclaimed confidently. 
Yes, that’s my plan. 
A while ago, when he heard that Sabrina got into trouble at the airport, he swore in his heart to leave the country and never return if she was unharmed.
As long as I stop seeing her, I won’t cause her any trouble. 
There was pin-drop silence at the casino when both of them kept quiet. 
However, it was a different kind of silence. It felt more like the calm before the storm, with Sebastian exuding an icy cold aura. 
Smealand? What industrial development? Is he going there to dig the ground and farm? 
Sebastian lost his last strand of patience. Sitting there, he jeered at Edmund, “Are you even a man? What’s the big deal about liking a woman? Do you need to scurry away to someplace so far away and underdeveloped just to avoid her?” 
Edmund’s face turned scarlet in a flash. 
His expression changed subtly and his body turned stiff, as though someone had rubbed salt in his wounds. 
Deep down, he knew that he could never escape Sebastian’s hawk eyes. No matter how he attempted to cover up with excuses and white lies, Sebastian could still see through him. 
In the end, Edmund went silent. 
“Let me be honest with you. If you don’t face the matter head-on, it will forever be like a thorn in your flesh regardless of where you are. You should deal with it, not find ways to sweep it under the carpet.” 
Sebastian continued, “There’s nothing wrong about having feelings for someone. The only unfortunate thing about it was the wrong timing. Edmund, there’s more to life than your love for a woman. For example, there’s still your relationship with your friends and family… Your world shouldn’t revolve around your relationship with a woman. Sometimes, you can still be her guardian angel by wearing another hat. Isn’t that great?” Sebastian counseled him calmly.
That was an extremely rare scene. Edmund was probably the first person on earth to have Sebastian, a renowned president, spend time giving him valuable advice on life. 
As he listened, Edmund gradually lowered his head. 
He did not want to admit that he had a strong urge to break down into tears. He had always felt like he had an embarrassing secret, to which people would loathe, despise, or keep a distance from him if anyone ever found it out. 
Conversely, Sebastian did not even rebuke him. As a matter of fact, he seemed to be more understanding than he used to be. 
Edmund heaved a sigh of relief. With his lips twitching, he said, “I’m delighted that you don’t detest me. Therefore, I don’t want to hide anything from you. The reason why I was manipulated by Eddie back then was because he had some dirt on me.” 
“I know.” To Edmund’s disbelief, Sebastian gave a two-word reply casually. 
He lifted his head and stared at him, gaping. “You… You know this as well?” 
Sebastian scoffed. “Of course. It’s very typical of Eddie to use various despicable means to control others. Besides, it’s not like you have any other weaknesses he can exploit.” 
Edmund was a at a loss for words. 
From that moment on, he held high regard for Sebastian even though they were only a few years apart. 
###Chapter 1308
Chapter 1308
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1308 
That day, Devin, who was in Jadeborough, received a call from Jetroina. It was Karl, informing him that Edmund had traveled to Jetroina to gamble and had almost lost his entire family’s fortune. 
In the end, it was Sebastian who bailed the man out. 
Sebastian had also suggested that Devin find Edmund a job so that he would stop idling around. 
“That idiot!” 
Devin could feel his anger building after listening to Karl’s words. 
Immediately, he made arrangements for Edmund to return to Jadeborough, intending to pick the man up from the airport personally. 
As such, Edmund, who had been wandering abroad for a long time, finally started making preparations to return to his country. It was about time for him to get back on the right track in life. 
Upon hearing the news, Sabrina rushed to the hotel and greeted Edmund with a flying kick when she saw him. 
“There must be something wrong with your brain! Otherwise, why would you create so much trouble? I hope you’ve learned your lesson after this time. When you get back, you really have to start working hard. As a man, you will have to provide for your family in the future.”
“I know, I know,” Edmund replied in an exaggerated manner while hugging his leg, which was hurting from the woman’s kick. 
After cleaning himself up, the man was back to his handsome self again, with a tinge of his usual roguishness. 
Indeed, he finally understood. 
Edmund had realized what Sebastian told him was true. Even just as a platonic friend, the woman still cared about him so much. 
He was very contented with the current situation and would not risk anything to destroy it. 
That night, the two of them left Jetroina. 
After everyone left, the hospital ward fell silent once again. As Sasha was still trapped in the sealed room, Sebastian was the only one sitting in the cheerless corridor. 
Sasha: Sebby, are you sitting alone outside? Do you wanna go home and rest? 
Sebastian: No need. I’m chatting with Karl. 
Sasha: What are you guys chatting about? 
Out of curiosity, Sasha approached the glass door and peered through it with her phone in hand. 
Even though she did not see Sebastian, she saw Xayden being forced into a corner by Karl. She also noticed that Xayden, who was backed up against the wall, was holding something in his hand. 
“Was it you who did it?” 
“N-no… It wasn’t me,” Xayden replied, feeling aggrieved.
He had indeed not done anything other than put the wine inside the fridge. He had not expected that the bottle would explode. In fact, he did not even know that it was possible for alcohol to cause an explosion, not to mention damaging Karl’s clothes as a result. 
Xayden wanted to escape, but right then, he saw Sebastian walking out of Haruto’s office. 
“What are the two of you doing here at this hour? Stop fooling around.” 
“Mr. Hayes, please be the judge! After a lot of effort, I finally managed to get a few bottles of wine from the most famous bar in Terrandya. But this idiot placed the bottles in the freezer, and they ended up exploding! Not only that, I don’t know what he did when he was retrieving the wine, but it caused the glass shreds to fly all over the place. These are from my new clothes!” Karl said, waving a few pieces of shredded cloth in front of Sebastian. 
Sebastian was speechless after hearing that. Meanwhile, Xayden was so worried that he had hidden behind Sebastian, keeping silent. 
Finally, Sebastian took out his credit card and handed it to Karl. “Take this and buy some new clothes for yourself. You should know this guy well enough by now. Judging by the way he behaves toward me, it shouldn’t be a surprise to you that that happened.” 
Enough said. 
Karl knew that Sebastian was right. 
Xayden was indeed the weirdest man in SteelFort. 
After that was settled, it was time to discuss serious matters. Looking toward Xayden, Sebastian said, “I just spoke to Dr. Shoki. He told me that you managed to find a way to contain the bacteria?”
“Yup, that’s right. But I’m not sure if it even exists in the world,” Xayden replied, scratching the back of his head. 
Not sure if it even exists in the world? What on Earth does he mean by that? 
Karl had the urge to smack the man on the back of his head but was stopped by Sebastian. 
“What do you mean? How could you have found a way if you’re not sure if it exists in the first place?” 
“Because that bacteria proliferates by feeding on a chemical substance. I’ve managed to derive the composition of that chemical substance, and with the help of Dr. Shoki, we have derived the dilution point of that substance. Next, we’ll just have to search for the substance needed to dilute it.” Xayden tried his best to explain. 
So, what would we require? 
Sebastian waited for the man to carry on. 
However, he did not expect that the answer Xayden had for him was a long and complex chain of chemical formula. 
“I’ve derived this based on the blue pill which Mr. Devin took previously. As the bullet which struck him was from the first batch, the effects were less harmful. For Mrs. Hayes’ case, we’ll need to manufacture the antidote from a purer substance. However, what’s in the market now are all artificial extracts. I haven’t seen any natural and pure extract that suits our need yet,” Xayden replied nervously. 
It was clear that the ingredients they needed had to be entirely pure and naturally occurring. 
The extracts and man-made substances which constituted the antidote for Devin would not work for Sasha.
Upon hearing that, a deep crease appeared between Sebastian’s brows, as there were a few ingredients that he had not even heard of before… 
###Chapter 1309
Chapter 1309
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1309 
Meanwhile, immediately after Sabrina returned to Avenport, she received a call from Solomon, asking her what had happened in Terrandya. 
However, as it was too embarrassing for Sabrina to tell him everything that had happened, she merely brushed him off with a few words. 
“Nothing much, don’t worry,” she replied. 
Sensing that the woman was not willing to share and was about to hang up the phone, Solomon quickly changed the topic. 
“You… Do you have some time? I need your help to entertain a guest,” the man requested politely, which was not his usual style. 
As far as Sabrina could recall, that seemed like the first time Solomon had asked for her help so directly. 
That managed to pique the woman’s interest. “Who’s the person?” 
“… She’s from Jetroina. Her name is Ichika Minamoto and she’s currently staying at Palace Hotel. If you’re free the next few days, can you take her around?” 
Even though Solomon sounded awkward initially, he gradually got more comfortable as he spoke. 
A girl from Jetroina? 
Why would this guy bring a girl back from Jetroina? Could it be…?
Sabrina’s eyes suddenly lit up at that thought. Unable to contain her excitement, she replied at once, “Is she your girlfriend? When did the two of you start dating? You didn’t even tell me! Why didn’t you introduce her to me earlier.” 
The woman sounded extremely enthusiastic, feeling happy for Solomon, just like how an elder sister would upon knowing that her younger brother had started dating. 
However, the man did not sound happy when he replied, “No, we’re not dating.” 
“If that’s the case, why are you asking me to keep her company?” 
“… Forget it if you don’t have time.” 
Solomon ended the call after saying that, not wishing to explain any further. 
What’s wrong with him? 
Sabrina stared at her phone for a while, feeling confused, before putting it away. 
Even though Solomon did not reveal much, intuition told Sabrina that there was more than met the eye. As such, after quickly tidying herself up, she shouted, “Wendy, Wendy! I need to go out for a while. Please help to look after the kids.” 
“What?” 
Wendy emerged with Jaena in her arms. 
“Ms. Hayes, you’re heading out again? Didn’t you just come back?” 
“I’m going to meet Solomon’s girlfriend. He just called and told me that he brought back a girl from Jetroina. She’s staying at Palace Hotel, and he wanted me to help entertain her.”
“Really? That’s great! You should hurry then.” 
Wendy was delighted to hear that as well. 
Sabrina took her bag and set off for Palace Hotel. 
However, what she was not aware of was that at the same time, in an office on the top floor of Hayes Corporation, Solomon was sitting in his chair with a grim expression on his face after hanging up. He had even stopped browsing through the documents which were on his desk. 
“Mr. George, the shareholders have all arrived. Would you… like to go over now?” Luke asked after a moment of hesitation. 
He had been standing in the office for a while but had not dared to speak after noticing that his president was in a bad mood. 
The company’s board of directors meeting was held once every half a month. However, for the past few meetings, the discussions had mainly revolved around the share buyback and redistribution of the company’s shares. 
As such, Luke knew that it would be no different that day. 
Even he, as the man’s assistant, was already getting a headache from it, let alone Solomon, who was the president of the company. 
In the end, Solomon still decided to attend. 
Just like what the two men had predicted, not long after the meeting commenced, Peter and some of the other shareholders, who had been with Sebastian for a long time, brought those issues up for discussion. 
“Mr. George, as the financial year-end is approaching, we would like to know when is the redistribution of the company’s shares happening,” one of the shareholders asked tactfully, mentioning the company’s
shares instead of the Hayes family’s. 
When Solomon heard that, his expression darkened. 
“What’s the rush? My sister’s wedding hasn’t been held yet, and my two nephews have not moved out either.” 
“But that’s inevitable. Mr. George, we’re trying to be understanding, but our dividends depend on our shares. Don’t you think it’s a bit unfair to the rest of us that your Hayes family owns three lot of shares?” 
“Exactly! Mr. George, we don’t have anything against the Hayes family, but we should still follow the company’s policies. We believe that even if Mr. Hayes was around, he would still handle the matter impartially.” 
Solomon clenched his fists tightly when he heard Sebastian’s name being mentioned. 
Buzz… 
Suddenly, someone’s phone vibrated. 
Solomon shot a cold glance toward the right, which was the direction of the sound, and saw a shareholder taking out his phone. After opening the message, that shareholder’s eyes widened instantly. 
What’s going on? 
The other shareholders had also noticed his shocked expression and looked toward the man. 
After a myriad of expressions flashed across the old shareholder’s face, he managed to compose himself before showing what he saw on his phone to the others.
The headline of the article read: Breaking news! Sabrina Hayes was seen touring around with a Jetroinan lady. Could she be the fiancée of Hayes Corporation’s current president? 
Accompanying that headline was a picture of Sabrina, who had not been pictured in public in a long while, together with another woman dressed in a Jetroinian traditional outfit. They were both beaming happily and seemed to be enjoying each other’s company. 
It was obvious that they did not have an ordinary relationship. 
What was more shocking was the woman’s identity, which was dug up just moments later. 
She turned out to be the newly-turned adult, Ichika Minamoto, the daughter of the prestigious Minamoto family in Terrandya! 
Oh my God! 
The old men were all stunned. 
###Chapter 1310
Chapter 1310
Chapter 1310 He Deserves Better 
In the end, the board of directors meeting ended without a conclusion. 
At the same time, when Solomon left the meeting room, a commotion erupted among the employees. 
“Oh my God, did you guys see the news? It seems like Mr. George has a secret fiancée.” 
“Yeah, I saw! It’s so shocking! It’s a lady from Jetroina even!” 
“Aaaahhh…” 
The crowd was buzzing with excitement. 
After all, after Sebastian left, Solomon had been managing the company well, leading Hayes Corporation to greater heights. As such, the employees had already fully accepted him as their leader and were happy that he had found the love of his life. 
However, there was one person who did not share the same sentiments. 
“What are all of you doing? Why aren’t you working? Get back to your seats,” Akiko chided upon entering the office, her face darkened after seeing the commotion going on in there. 
Immediately, everyone fell quiet and went back to their work. 
Who does she think she is? Even Luke, Mr. George’s assistant, has not said anything. What an arrogant bit*h.
The crowd glanced at the woman in disdain as she entered the president’s office. 
In truth, no one was fond of her. 
Akiko saw that the man had already returned to his office. After placing the documents in front of him, she hesitated a moment before plucking up her courage to ask, “Mr. Akiyama, why did you… ask Ms. Hayes to meet Ms. Minamoto? I thought the plan was to let her stay at the hotel for a few days before sending her back to Jetroina?” 
Initially, Solomon had fully entrusted her to deal with Ichika when the woman had first arrived. 
The man had told her then that he had brought Ichika back with him only out of respect for Yamada. 
If that was the case, Akiko did not understand why he would ask Sabrina to entertain her. 
“Mr. Akiyama, did Ms. Hayes secretly approach Ichika after getting wind about her? Should I release an official statement to clarify the matter?” 
The woman’s eyes suddenly lit up as she contemplated that possibility. 
However, Solomon ended up rejecting her suggestion straight out. 
After casting an indifferent glance at her, he replied, “There’s no need. I requested for her to do that.” 
What? 
Color drained from Akiko’s face when she heard his words. 
“Mr. Akiyama, what do you mean by that? 
“You don’t have to bother yourself with Ichika from now on. Let Sabrina handle it. Just focus on your work,” Solomon said, sounding slightly impatient.
Akiko noticed a hint of displeasure flash past the man’s face and did not dare to speak further after that. She dug her nails deep into her palms as her heart sank, feeling resentful that after dealing with Willow, she had Ichika to deal with. 
When will this end? 
However, Akiko knew that given Ichika’s family background, that woman wasn’t someone she could pit herself against. If she did that, it was likely that she would be destroyed at any moment. 
As such, Akiko was filled with despair as she left Solomon’s office. 
“I did not expect Mr. George to start dating again.” 
“Me too. Judging by how devoted he was to Mrs. Hayes, I thought he would remain single for the rest of his life…” someone suddenly mentioned. 
Mrs. Hayes? Why didn’t I think of that! 
Realizing that that was something she could work on, Akiko immediately stopped whatever she was doing and left the office. 
… 
Meanwhile, after touring around for the entire day, Sabrina and Ichika had returned to Palace Hotel. 
Sabrina had taken a liking to the young woman from Jetroina after spending time with her. 
“Ichika, it’s set then! You’re coming to my house for dinner tonight.” 
“Sure,” Ichika replied shyly.
She was indeed a sweet and adorable girl who still had some baby fat on her cheeks. With her big bright eyes, Ichika looked extremely pure and innocent, as if untainted by all the negativity that existed in the world. 
The more Sabrina looked at Ichika, the more fond she was of the latter. 
On the way back home, Sabrina texted Solomon: I’ve already invited Ichika home for dinner tonight. You have to come too! 
The woman had ended her sentence with an exclamation mark, which meant that it was an order and not a request. 
Solomon was working in his office while sipping on coffee when his phone lit up. After taking a glance at the screen, he spat out his coffee, feeling shocked. 
Seriously? She even invited Ichika over for dinner? Is that really necessary? But they’ve only known each other for a few hours! 
Solomon was speechless. 
Half an hour later, when Ichika was getting ready to take a bath before resting for a while, she heard a knock on her hotel room door. 
Thinking that Sabrina had returned, the girl’s eyes lit up as she rushed to open the door at once. 
###Chapter 1311
Chapter 1311
Chapter 1311 Someone Like Her 
However, it wasn’t Sabrina whom she saw after opening the door. Instead, it was the secretary whom Solomon had arranged for her when she first arrived. 
“Ms. Minamoto…” 
As they were both from Jetroina, out of formality, Akiko had no choice but to bow respectfully to Ichika, who was a noble in their country. 
Ichika was rather disappointed to see the woman. However, due to her good upbringing, she concealed her emotions well and smiled politely at Akiko. 
“Akiko, what’s the matter?” 
“Ms. Minamoto, someone has taken a video of you and Ms. Hayes together in the mall just now, and it was reported in the news. Because of that, there’s a rumor going around now saying that you’re Mr. Akiyama’s fiancée. I’m here to ask you about it.” 
“What?” 
When Ichika heard that, a blush of embarrassment spread across her cheeks at once. 
“I see… What did Mr. Akiyama say about it?” 
The fact that not only did the woman not deny it but asked about Solomon’s reaction instead roused Akiko’s anger.
As rage and jealousy overtook the woman, she stared at Ichika and replied without thinking, “He’s quite upset.” 
“Huh?” 
Upon hearing that, the girl’s eyes widened, and her sweet face went pale. 
“H-He’s upset? Why?” 
“He doesn’t like people spreading such rumors. Ms. Minamoto, Mr. Akiyama already has someone in his heart. That’s why he chose not to date all this while. The reason he brought you here is entirely out of his respect for Mr. Tsurka.” 
Akiko was indeed scheming. 
She even told Ichika about what had happened between Solomon and Sasha. 
After listening to Akiko’s account, Ichika lowered her head, feeling devastated and heartbroken. She had thought that Solomon brought her back because he had feelings for her. 
Wait a minute! Mr. Akiyama is already thirty. Isn’t it normal for him to have dated others? 
Besides, even though Akiko said that Mr. Akiyama is upset, I’ve not verified it personally. Moreover, Sabrina told me that it was Mr. Akiyama who asked her to accompany me. 
Ichika pondered for a moment and had a new perspective over the situation. 
“That’s all right. It’s not a big deal that there were other women Mr. Akiyama liked in the past. It’s already history anyway. Akiko, I think you should leave now. I’m going to Mr. Akiyama’s house for dinner tonight. I’ll talk to him about it then.”
After hearing Ichika’s reply and seeing how mature and understanding the girl was even though she had just stepped into adulthood, Akiko felt like someone had just slapped her in the face. 
Although she was marinating in resentment, she knew she had to leave as Ichika had already made that request explicitly. 
As such, she had no choice but to go off reluctantly. 
Right after Akiko left, Ichika returned to her room and started searching for the prettiest dress she had. 
… 
Meanwhile, Sabrina was at home busy instructing the housemaids from the Hayes Residence, who were helping out with dinner preparations. 
She was jotting down the recipes of some of Jetroina’s famous dishes according to her own experiences, all while making calls to various hotels under Hayes Corporation, requesting for the freshest ingredients to be delivered over. 
Ring… Ring, Ring… 
“Hello?” 
“Little Ian, is that you? It’s Mommy. What are you guys doing? Why did you pick up Aunt Sabrina’s phone?” 
Ian had helped to answer the call after noticing how busy his aunt was and was pleasantly surprised to hear his mother’s voice. 
“Mommy, Aunt Sabrina is busy giving out orders to everyone helping with dinner preparations. Another aunt is coming over for dinner later,” Ian replied after taking a glance at Sabrina, who was extremely occupied.
Another aunt? 
Sasha, who was in Jetroina and had just been released, was momentarily stunned when she heard that. 
Who’s the other aunt? 
With a confused expression, she looked at the man next to her, who was helping her to change into a new hospital gown. 
“I guess he’s referring to the daughter of the Minamoto family. She was seen hanging out with Sabrina in Avenport, and it was reported in the news today. Almost everyone knows about it now.” 
“What?” Sasha’s eyes lit up at once after hearing that, and she could barely contain her excitement. 
“Is that true? That’s great! Seems like Solomon is pretty serious about that girl. If not, why would he ask Sab to bring her around? I guess wedding bells will be ringing pretty soon.” 
Sabrina had already started imagining Solomon’s wedding and couldn’t stop smiling, while Sebastian merely looked at her. 
The truth was, he had not been very pleased when he first saw the news. That was because when he saw Ichika’s picture, he realized that the girl, who had just stepped into adulthood, resembled Sasha when she was eighteen, the age when she married him. 
Sebastian suspected that that could be the reason Solomon had agreed to bring that Jetroinan girl back to Avenport with him. 
Naturally, he felt a flicker of irritation at that. 
However, after seeing how pleased Sasha was, his anger completely dissipated at once.
Sebastian realized that he had no reason to be upset. 
Solomon did not love Sasha any less than he did. However, he had chosen to back out and give them his blessings. Not only that, but he had also been a great help to them. 
It made sense that he would want to date someone who reminded him of Sasha, and there was nothing wrong with that. 
###Chapter 1312
Chapter 1312
Chapter 1312 The Hayeses Are In Excitement 
Sebastian snatched the phone over. 
“Hey! What’s that for? I’m not done yet.” 
“What are you looking at? Don’t think you can do as you please just because you came out of the isolation room. You need to have a good rest as you still have a treatment in the afternoon. Xayden is still missing some ingredients needed for the antidote. You should ask Dr. Shoki to give a stronger treatment so that the bacteria will stop replicating.” 
Sebastian’s face was stoic, and he did not look like he was ready for any form of discussion. 
Without any other choice, Sasha could only pout and agree. 
When Sebastian carried her toward the hospital bed, she wrapped her arms around his neck and asked, “Sebby, can we rush over to attend their wedding then?” 
The man narrowed his eyes. 
“Are you really so interested in attending the wedding?” 
“Yeah. It’s been a long time since I’ve attended such lively events.” 
“But why are you looking forward to their wedding? All you have to do is to get well soon; I’ll give you a grand wedding when that time comes!”
Sebastian lowered his gaze that was full of seriousness to look at Sasha. It was so intense that the latter’s heart even skipped a beat. 
Our wedding? 
Indeed, that was a topic they had brought up countless times after Sebastian regained his dominant personality. They had even reached the preparation stage back then when they returned to Avenport for a short trip. 
Unfortunately, it was put on hold after the matters relating to the Jadesons broke out. 
Burying herself into Sebastian’s warm embrace and enjoying his manly scent as she listened to his powerful heartbeats, Sasha suddenly felt as if she had gotten everything she wanted in the world. It was a fulfilling and blissful sensation. 
… 
Later that night, an extravagant party was going to start at Frontier Bay. 
Since Sebastian and Sasha were not around, Sabrina called all of the Hayeses over as she figured she would not be able to handle it alone. 
“Saul, help me attend to the male guests later.” 
“All right,” Saul replied readily. 
Subsequently, every member of the Hayeses received a task to do. 
At that particular moment, it seemed like no one had outcasted Solomon because of his identity as an illegitimate son. Instead, everyone was busy attending to the chores for his party. 
Likewise, Ichika saw the same scenario when she set foot into the garden of the extravagant villa.
Everyone was busy preparing to welcome her arrival. 
A pristine white carpet stretched across the entire spacious and beautiful garden, from the entrance to the villa door. Along the two sides were white roses, her favorite flower. 
It was more than appropriate to say that the Hayes had put in a lot of effort for this party. 
“Wow, so you’re my aunt? You’re so pretty.” A little girl’s crisp voice suddenly sounded beside Ichika. 
She lowered her head to take a look, only to find a doll-like little girl with a pair of round, watery eyes beside her. Her appearance was so breathtaking it was as though she had walked out of a book. 
“Who are you?” 
“I’m Vivian. Let me bring you in.” 
Vivian stretched her tiny hand out delightfully as an invitation to bring Ichika into the villa. 
Her two brothers, Matteo and Ian, were given the task to play the violin and coordinate the decorative projections in the garden during the party later that night. 
As she had nothing to do, she decided to head over to the garden to lead the way for Ichika. 
When the two stepped into the living room, everyone in the room was thrown into an uproar upon seeing the lady. They immediately stood up as they warmly welcomed Ichika. 
Of course, she was a little taken aback at the grand welcome and thus stood frozen on the spot. 
“H-Hi… I’m Ichika Minamoto. Nice to meet you.” 
Oh my goodness! So polite and gentle. Is this what people call a noble lady?
It was like love at first sight for everyone. 
Meanwhile, Solomon was shutting off his laptop when he received a video from Sabrina. Playing the clip, he saw a lady in Jetroinian traditional outfit arrive at Frontier Bay. 
As he watched the crowd gathered around that Jetroinian lady, rage pulsed through his veins. 
Sabrina! 
Just then, Akiko happened to come in as well. Seeing Solomon’s change in expression, she hurriedly brought out her sake. “Mr. Akiyama, are you going back? How about you bring these two bottles of sake back too.” 
“There’s no need. I need to go to Frontier Bay. Ichika is with Sabrina now.” 
“Huh?” Unable to contain her astonishment, Akiko gasped. 
Solomon, however, did not look too pleased with her reaction. “Why are you yelling like that?” 
Akiko was dumbfounded. 
It took her a while to calm down after suppressing the fury within her. “I’m sorry, Mr. Akiyama. I-I was just too shocked to hear that news. Why would Ms. Hayes bring Ms. Minamoto to Frontier Bay?” 
“How would I know? She’s always been a busybody.” Solomon sounded slightly frustrated in his reply as he shut off his laptop and stood up. 
Akiko clenched her fists tight, slightly astounded by his attitude. 
Shortly after, Solomon strode out of his office. Upon seeing that, she came over and requested, ”Mr. Akiyama, let me come along with you.”
“You?” Solomon turned around and glared at her. “Why do you want to come along? I’m not going there for work, so you don’t have to come with me.” 
“That’s not it. I just thought I could help send Ms. Minamoto home if she gets drunk at the party. After all, she’s still single and is a fine lady. What do you think?” Akiko patiently explained. 
###Chapter 1313
Chapter 1313
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1313 
In the end, Solomon still brought Akiko with him to Frontier Bay. 
By the time they arrived at the villa, almost all guests were already at the venue. All that they were waiting for was Solomon’s arrival to get the party started. 
“Uncle Solomon, you’re finally here. Aunt Ichika has been waiting for you inside for a long time.” At the sight of Solomon’s arrival, Matteo smiled brightly and teasingly pointed toward Ichika, who was in the garden. 
Instantly, a look of awkwardness settled upon Solomon’s handsome face. 
“Matt, what are you talking about? She’s not your aunt.” 
“Oh… She will be in time to come.” Matteo then burst into a peal of mischievous laughter. 
While they were engrossed in their casual banter, Akiko was quietly clenching her fists tightly while suppressing her raging emotions at the side. 
Meanwhile, Ichika was getting overwhelmed by the enthusiasm of the Hayeses. When she saw the three walking in, one of them being Solomon, she felt a sudden pang of joy within her. 
It was as though she saw help coming her way, and without hesitation, she quickly trotted over to Solomon while in her clogs. 
“Mr. Akiyama…”
Accompanying that soft and gentle voice was the sight of Ichika lowering her head, her cheeks blushing red from the awkwardness. 
Solomon was instantly at a loss for words. 
That was the exact reason why he could never bear to steel himself and reject her. 
Ichika was too innocent and pure. 
It was as though she was a newborn to this world. She seemed so oblivious and naive that it almost felt like a sin for Solomon to be overly strict with her. 
“It’s fine. They mean no harm. Let’s go in,” Solomon gently comforted. 
A sweet smile instantly bloomed on the embarrassed Ichika’s face. 
As she lifted her head, her sweet smile revealed her two dimples. Her look was equivalent to that of a child that had just received her favorite candy. 
“Okay, Mr. Akiyama.” 
She then followed behind Solomon. 
Not far away at the villa’s entrance, the Hayeses could not stop singing praises after seeing the pair together. 
“They look so good together.” 
“I know, right? What a perfect match!” 
Hearing those compliments, Sabrina was thrilled and turned to look at Solomon and Ichika. 
Anyone could tell from her eyes that she had so much love for the pair.
With Solomon’s arrival, the party soon commenced. To take extra care of Ichika, Sabrina had specially arranged for the two to sit at the same table. 
Seeing that, Akiko was about to head over to the same corner to settle down when Sabrina came over. 
“Why are you heading over there? It’s not working hours, so you aren’t his secretary now either. There’s no need for you to serve him. Head over to the other table instead.” 
Finishing her words, she pulled Akiko along and headed to the table where the Hayeses’ sisters-in-law were sitting at. 
Akiko’s face turned purple in rage. 
Yet, that was not the most devastating blow. What she could not put up with was how all the Hayeses’ sisters-in-law grabbed their plates and stood up upon seeing her coming over. 
This Jetroinian woman is from the Sato family. 
They could be tolerant toward Solomon, but they would never forget that Frederick had died at the hands of Akiko’s brother, Ken. 
With that, the party proceeded with everyone enjoying themselves, except Akiko. She was cast aside and left all alone for the entire night. 
Sabrina Hayes! Ichika Minamoto! 
She grabbed the fork so hard it almost seemed like she was about to bend it in half. 
The party lasted for almost three hours and only ended at around ten that night. 
When Sabrina came over, she found Ichikas’s soft face red after all the wine she had fed her earlier.
She then abruptly leaned close to Solomon beside her and muttered, “Do take good care of her tonight.” 
Solomon was stumped. 
After stifling his emotions for the whole night, he could no longer stand this woman’s insanity anymore. 
“What nonsense are you spouting, Sabrina?” 
“I don’t think I said anything inadequate. I only told you to take good care of Ichika. If you’re unwilling, how about letting her stay here then? There are many rooms here anyway. Besides, I’m sure Sebastian wouldn’t disagree either.” Sabrina shrugged, appearing as if she was doing everything for his own good. 
Solomon was so furious that he felt the veins on his forehead throbbing. 
Right then, as he was about to storm off, Akiko appeared. 
“Fret not, Ms. Hayes. Ms. Minamoto is the daughter of an influential family. I guess it’ll be more appropriate for me to send her back. We’re both women, and besides, we’re also from the same place. I believe I know her better.” 
Finishing her words, she walked up and held onto the drunk Ichika. 
Since Akiko had put it that way, Sabrina figured it would be disrespectful had she continued insisting. As such, she said nothing further. 
In the end, Akiko sent Ichika home. 
“All right, Mr. Akiyama. I’ll bring her up. It’s late; you should head back for some rest. Rest assured, I’ll take good care of her.” 
At Palace Hotel, Akiko helped Ichika out of the car as Solomon stepped on the brakes in front of the entrance. She then shooed him away, assuring him that she could handle the drunk lady by herself.
###Chapter 1314
Chapter 1314
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1314 
Solomon was a little hesitant initially, but recalling what Akiko had said earlier and knowing that it was not appropriate for him, as a man, to insist in this situation, he finally agreed to it. 
With that, Akiko took Ichika up to the hotel’s penthouse suite all by herself. 
Bam! 
The displeased Akiko kicked open the door with force even though she could have opened it with her hand. 
Ichika, still a little tiddly and thus had been laying her head on Akiko’s shoulder, turned to look at her. 
“Akiko, how could you be so rude?” 
Rude? Akiko scoffed internally. 
After dragging Ichika back to the suite, Akiko threw her onto the bed without cleaning her up. 
“Have a good rest. I’m heading back now.” 
“Huh?” Lying on the bed, Ichika turned to look at Akiko blearily. “No. I have to shower and change my clothes before I can sleep.” 
“Shower and get changed?” No longer able to hold her emotions in, Akiko had a look of ridicule on her face. “Ms. Minamoto, you’ve touched alcohol today. If your family hears about it or even sees your
drunken stupor, you’ll face severe punishment. I believe you don’t need me to educate you on the etiquette of aristocrats, right?” 
“What?” Ichika, still lying on the bed, instantly freaked out upon hearing those words. 
Since young, she had learned about manners and behavior, especially when in front of outsiders. That included avoiding alcohol and refraining from behaving too unceremoniously. Nonetheless, she had broken all her vows while at Hayes Residence today. 
What should I do? 
The young lady felt dejected even though she was still tipsy. 
Right then, an idea popped up in Akiko’s mind after seeing the guilty look of Ichika. 
“How about returning to Jetroina tomorrow, Ms. Minamoto? Rest assured, I won’t tell your family about it. As long as you agree to it, I’ll pretend that nothing happened today.” 
“Really?” Ichika’s eyes lit up instantly. 
However, that light soon faded away after she mulled over it for a short while. 
She shook her head profusely. “No, I can’t return to Jetroina. My family sent me here for an arranged marriage. I have to stay here.” After a slight pause, she continued with her instructions, “It’s fine, don’t let it bother you. I’ll call my family tomorrow to apologize for what I’ve done today. For now, prepare some lukewarm water for me. I want to get washed. Oh yes, get me some fresh clothes and light up a scented candle too.” 
Despite being drunk, she still spoke clearly and logically. 
It was evident she was still clear about her identity and status versus that of the woman in front of her, which was why she would instruct the latter as though she was instructing the servants at home.
Akiko’s face turned red with anger. 
However, she did not dare to refute. 
In the end, she suppressed the rage inside her and served Ichika to rest. 
I must think of a way to make this girl return to her country tomorrow! 
Akiko gritted her teeth as she thought about that. 
However, she was clueless about what was happening at Frontier Bay that same night. After showering, Sabrina returned to her room and started busily texting on her phone. 
Sabrina: Hubby, I quite like Ichika. She’s a nice and innocent girl, and adding on to that, she comes from a good background. She’s the perfect match for Solomon. 
Devin: Pfft… 
Faced with how Sabrina was full of praises for Ichika, Devin, who had never seen his wife as a matchmaker, was tempted to burst into laughter. 
Devin: You’re really so fond of her? How about you try to matchmake them? 
Sabrina: I can’t. That idiot won’t agree to it. He even deliberately distances himself from her. There’s no way I can pull them together even if I want to. 
Devin, who was in his study drafting the attendees’ list for tomorrow, had no choice but to stop the work on hand after reading Sabrina’s text. 
Devin: Perhaps you could create an opportunity? For instance, finding a way to make her stay at Solomon’s house? Or let her work at his company?
Sabrina: Oh? 
His suggestion came off as a surprise to her since it had not crossed her mind that she could do that. 
She hurried out of her room. “Wendy! Wendy! Come outside. I’ve something to ask you.” 
Wendy, who was coaxing Jaena to sleep, stayed silent regardless. 
“Wendy, so tell me. What do you think of the idea of letting Ichika work as Solomon’s secretary?” Sabrina’s eyes glowed with excitement. 
Wendy was completely taken aback. 
“S-Secretary? Will Mr. Solomon agree to it? And what’s more, Ichika is the daughter of a wealthy Jetroinian family. Will she be willing to work as his secretary?” 
Wendy was, indeed, an experienced woman that could immediately raise so many possible what-ifs. 
Sabrina slapped her thigh. 
“That idiot doesn’t have the final say! I’ll decide for him. As for Ichika, I bet it’ll be easy for me to persuade her. Since she likes Solomon, I’m sure she’ll agree to it.” 
“It would be great if that is so. But if she becomes Mr. Solomon’s secretary, then what about that Akiko woman?” Wendy asked again. 
Upon hearing that, Sabrina’s face turned grim instantly. 
###Chapter 1315
Chapter 1315
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1315 
“That Jetroinian woman? I always feel like she’s up to no good, and just seeing her irks me so much. I’ll ask Solomon to let her return to Jetroina.” Sabrina was frank with her opinio 
In truth, no one in the Hayeses had a good impression of Akiko. 
No one had agreed for her to work at Hayes Corporation back then. It was all because of Solomon’s pleas that she could ultimately stay and secure that position. 
But if the Hayeses had to choose between Ichika and Akiko now, it was no doubt their choice would be the former. 
Finally, after coming to a decision, Sabrina headed for bed. 
… 
At Hayes Corporation the following day, Solomon had just arrived at work when a red Ferrari came along. 
Everyone in the building was astonished to see that. 
Isn’t that Ms. Hayes’ car? She has the time to come to the office today? 
Curious, everyone fixed their gaze on that car. 
After the car came to a stop at the entrance, the door opened to a sexily dressed pretty lady. That lady was none other than Sabrina!
Cries of admiration instantly rang out from the crowd. 
Ms. Hayes is married and has given birth. How is it possible that she still has such a good figure? 
Just as the crowd thought that she came alone, they realized someone had opened the car door at the back too. Out came a young-looking lady in a pale purple maxi dress and a cream-colored beret over her head of long, wavy hair. 
Gosh! Now, who’s this? She looks so sweet and cute, yet elegant too! 
Everyone shifted their attention on that lady. 
Paying no heed to the crowd, Sabrina closed the car door and strode into the building in her inches-high stilettos while holding onto the young lady’s hand. 
“Ms. Hayes, you’re here?” 
“Mm-hmm.” 
“Good morning, Ms. Hayes. Who’s this lady beside you?” 
Finally, someone could not take it anymore and popped the question. 
They had dared do that only because they found that Sabrina’s temper had improved recently. 
When she heard that question, Sabrina openly and proudly introduced, “She’s the future wife of your president!” 
Gasp! 
The whole building was thrown into bewilderment!
Likewise, Ichika’s face blushed in embarrassment, so much that she only dared raise her head after entering the lift. 
“That… I don’t think that was a good idea…” 
“Why? Ichika, don’t you want to marry my brother?” Sabrina immediately threw the question back at her. 
At once, Ichika’s head sank even lower. 
“T-That’s not it…” Given her easily bashful nature, she found it tough to resist Sabrina’s liberal character. 
Several minutes later, the two finally arrived at Solomon’s office. 
When Solomon saw the two of them appear before him, he was so startled that even the pen fell out of his grip. 
“What did you say? You want her to be my secretary?” 
“Yes. Even Ichika has agreed. Though she’s young, she’s knowledgeable in many aspects like financial management, law, architecture. Besides that, she also plays the violin well and is a great cook. Ladies from wealthy families like her receive the best form of education! Don’t you dare belittle her!” Sabrina recited all of the lady’s merits. 
Truthfully, Ichika was an extremely talented lady. 
Despite her young age, she had already attained a Master’s degree in financial management. 
Moreover, she had undergone assessments in law and architecture and attained considerably high achievements, at least in Jetroina. As for her culinary skills and musical talents, those were a must for ladies of wealthy and noble families. 
After all, it was a norm for Jetroinian women to stay home to fulfill the duties of a wife after marriage.
Even Solomon was stunned in place for several seconds when he heard that. 
This young girl is good at handling finances? 
He finally cast his glance at her. In that split moment where their eyes met, that figure deeply engraved in his mind suddenly appeared on her. 
That strong resemblance… 
“Mr. Akiyama…” 
Just as the three of them were in the office, the door got pushed open abruptly. Following that, a woman barged in. 
Akiko? Sabrina’s expression turned stony upon seeing her appearance. 
“Why are you here? Can’t you see we’re in the midst of a discussion? You have to know your place!” 
“I-I…” 
Traces of nervousness flashed across Akiko’s eyes as her face paled. 
Moments earlier, she had heard from the employees downstairs that someone else would be replacing her position as Solomon’s secretary. And the person turned out to be no other than the lady before her eyes – Ichika. 
“What’s the matter?” Solomon shifted his gaze to Akiko to give her a chance to talk. 
At that, she could not hold her emotions back anymore. Instantly, her eyes reddened. “M-Mr. Akiyama, I heard from the staff downstairs that Ms. Minamoto is here to be your secretary. If that’s the case, then what about me…”
“That’s easy, Akiko. You shall return to Jetroina. You’ve been with Hayes Corporation for long enough. I think it’s time you should return to Jetroina for further developments.” 
Even before Solomon had said anything, Sabrina jumped in and bluntly spoke her mind. 
Akiko was horror-struck upon hearing what Sabrina said. 
Hatred and resentment filled her eyes as she glued her gaze on Sabrina. 
###Chapter 1316
Chapter 1316
Chapter 1316 Even Her Seat Used To Belong To Sasha 
“Stop messing around, Sabrina. Bring Ichika back. This is a company, not some playground.” Solomon finally spoke up. 
He wasn’t about to accept Ichika as his secretary, and after telling Sabrina off with a frown, he gestured for them to leave. 
Sabrina’s eyebrows immediately shot up to her hairline. 
Is he insane? I’ve already gone to such lengths for him and yet he’s not taking the chance! Is he actually planning on dying alone? 
What about the Hayes family? That bunch of oldies has been getting more and more insistent. If Solomon doesn’t get a girl soon, are Ian and I expected to just surrender our shares up without a word? 
Sabrina was starting to get annoyed. “Okay, fine. If you won’t take her, I’ll arrange for it myself. I’m still a shareholder here. I have the right to hire people, don’t I?” 
Solomon fell silent. 
Akiko, who had just breathed a sigh of relief, dug her nails into her palms at Sabrina’s words. 
You really don’t give up easily, huh? 
In the end, Ichika was brought to the planning and development department downstairs.
“Hi, everyone! I’m here to introduce a brand new colleague. This is Ichika Minamoto, and she’ll be working with us from today onward. As for her role…” 
Sabrina drifted off as she turned to look at the young woman beside her. 
Ichika was staring at everyone around her nervously, and when she caught Sabrina’s eyes, she started shaking her adorable round head frantically. 
“I-I have no work experience, so I don’t mind starting from the bottom!” 
This little cutie pie is much too modest! Sabrina thought. She’s both rich and extremely well-educated, yet she’s willing to start from the bottom? 
She was starting to like Ichika even more. 
“All right, then from the bottom, you shall start. Manager Snyder, you were under Sasha, so Ichika shall be passed on to you. Teach her well, okay? She’s going to lead you all in the future.” 
She called over a manager and passed Ichika over to her. 
Her words definitely held a deeper meaning to them. 
By “leading,” Sabrina was insinuating that Ichika would become yet another lady boss and own their department, just like how Sasha had back then. 
Sasha had been so good at her job that she had brought Hayes Corporation to new heights under her leadership. 
With that, Ichika stayed in that department despite her highly-strung nerves. 
“Ms. Minamoto, what would you like to do?”
“Huh?” 
Ichika looked at the employees around her, all of whom were being extremely respectful, and quickly shook her small hand. 
“It’s up to you! I’m just here to learn,” she said modestly. There were no traces of the attitude one might expect from a young lady from a noble family. 
The employees of the planning department all heaved a collective sigh of relief. 
Their department had caught wind of her arrival ever since she stepped foot in the company since everyone had made such a big fuss about it. 
That was why they were extremely nervous when Sabrina walked in with her in tow. More than anything, they were afraid of offending the future wife of their president. 
Now that they were actually interacting with her, they realized that she was really rather easygoing. 
In the end, Taylor took her in as his assistant. 
Sasha may have been all the way in Jetroina for her treatment, and it had been a while since she left Hayes Corporation, but she never left the group chat. 
Thus, she heard about Ichika joining the company as soon as it happened. 
Ms. Wand: Did a new colleague join today? 
Mr. Lawson: Hi, Ms. Wand! You’re back! 
Lisa: I haven’t seen you text in ages! It’s great to see your notification pop up, Ms. Wand. 
Adrian: Yeah! I heard you’re in Jetroina for treatment. How are you feeling? Are you feeling any better?
The whole group chat immediately became active after Sasha asked what she had thought was a random question. 
After glancing at the man who had walked out to get her medicine, she happily started replying to everyone. 
Ms. Wand: I’m pretty good! How are you all? Who’s the new colleague? 
Mr. Lawson: We’re all doing pretty well. Our newest colleague is someone named Ichika Minamoto, and Ms. Sabrina was the one who brought her to us. Didn’t you hear about this, Ms. Wand? 
Ichika Minamoto? Sabrina brought her there? 
Damn, this girl is really getting good at this stuff! I can’t believe she came up with this just to matchmake the two of them, Sasha thought approvingly. 
Ms. Wand: You have to take good care of her, all right? If there are any future instances where you have to correspond with the higher-level executives, just pass it to her. 
Mr. Lawson: Understood! 
Lisa: Hahaha, got it! 
Adrian: Ms. Wand, does Mr. George know what you’re up to? 
Hmph! Who cares if he does? Sasha thought. 
The members in the group chat began sending a few pictures of Ichika hard at work. 
The petite young lady clad in a light purple dress may have looked innocent and fresh, but her expression while working seemed both nervous and helpless.
###Chapter 1317
Chapter 1317
Chapter 1317 You Have To Go Back 
Despite that, she was still working hard. 
Sasha was extremely pleased at this. 
It seemed as if this Jetroinian young lady was truly a good pick. 
“What are you up to?” 
She was still in the midst of a fun conversation when Sebastian walked in with her medicine. 
At the sight of him walking in, she quickly tucked her phone away. 
“Nothing. I was just chatting with Sab and the others for a bit.” 
“Chatting? I thought we already made it clear that you have to rest. Your eyes are already so red. Remember what Haruto said? You shouldn’t be looking at any blue-light screens or electronic devices in general,” Sebastian said worriedly. 
His dark irises were filled with concern but also a hint of anger at the woman in front of him for not heeding their warnings. 
Sasha quickly fell silent. 
She lowered her head in both shame but also grievance.
It wasn’t like she wanted to purposely go against their advice, but sometimes she just couldn’t help it. Besides, hadn’t they already found a way to control the bacteria inside her body? 
There was no way she was really going to go blind, right? 
“I’m sorry, Sebby. I won’t do it again, so please don’t be angry at me.” 
All she could do was give in. 
Sebastian finally relaxed at her apology. One glance at her reddening eyes had him feeling regret and heartache, so he reached out to pull her into his embrace. 
“I’m sorry. I was too harsh.” 
“No, you weren’t. I know you’re doing it for my own good. I won’t look at my phone again, okay?” 
Sasha felt even worse at the sound of Sebastian blaming himself and hugged the man back. 
“Promise me that you’ll listen to whatever the doctors say until we have a proper cure for you?” Sebastian murmured. “Don’t do anything they tell you not to, all right?” 
“All right,” Sasha agreed obediently. 
Of course she would agree. 
After all, Sebastian had done many things for her. He might not have mentioned any of it, but she knew about it all. 
In order to look for those ingredients, Sebastian had worked himself to the bone. His eyes had become more sunken in the past few days, and even his pretty charcoal irises couldn’t hide the fact that they were bloodshot.
He must have been utterly exhausted, especially after experiencing so much. 
That’s why she decided from now on to just listen and do nothing else. She would be good. 
Sasha eventually fell asleep in Sebastian’s arms. He tucked her in gently before finally leaving the room. 
“Mr. Hayes, has Madam fallen asleep?” 
“Yes.” 
“Dr. Shoki was looking for you. He said he has something to discuss,” Karl said slightly hesitantly. 
He had been standing outside for a while now, and he wasn’t sure whether or not he should tell Sebastian about it. 
Ever since Xayden had discovered the bacteria’s weakness, every single time Haruto had called for them, it hadn’t been good news. 
It was either that their experiments had failed once again or that the materials they had scoured the entire world to find weren’t working. 
It was to the point that Karl could very clearly see Sebastian’s instinctive reaction to hearing that Haruto called for them, which was an obvious frown and stress appearing in his darkened gaze. 
Despite that, they didn’t have any other choice but to go over. 
Sebastian finally arrived at Haruto’s office. 
“Mr. Hayes, after mine and Xayden’s countless experiments, we have arrived at a decision. Based on the rate at which your wife’s body is deteriorating, we don’t have time to wait until we find the other materials. We decided to find the problem from her body itself, and hopefully, we can get to the root cause.”
“The root cause?” Sebastian frowned. “What do you mean?” 
“What we mean, Mr. Hayes, is that we find what caused this problem in the first place. In this case, it’s the fetus that was once forced into her womb, so we would like to start from there,” Xayden said. 
Fetus? Get new chapter update on novelheart.com 
Sebastian was taken aback by Xayden’s words. 
This was something he hadn’t thought of, and also something he was extremely reluctant to touch upon. 
It was like a scar that never properly healed and would rip open again at the mere mention of it, fresh and bloody. 
Sebastian fell silent. 
“Mr. Hayes, have you forgotten where it was left?” 
Haruto visibly deflated. 
“No, I remember,” Sebastian said as he shook his head. He remembered Sasha telling him that the child had been buried under the thousand-year maple tree. 
“That’s good. Bring it over as soon as possible. I know this is hard for you, Mr. Hayes, but based on my last few days of research, I’m sure I can find the origin of the bacteria in that child’s bones.” 
“Yes!” Xayden nodded in agreement. 
“Because Felicity forced that child to be born, she also forced your wife’s body to go through unnatural changes. That means that this child is actually one of her experiments, Mr. Hayes.” 
The room fell into silence once again.
Finally, Sebastian stood up. 
“Okay. I’ll go get it, and I’ll bring it back latest by tomorrow,” he decided. 
After that, he walked straight out of the office. 
When Karl heard Sebastian walking out, he silently followed behind him up until Sebastian reached the door of the hospital ward. 
Get new chapter update on novelheart.com 
###Chapter 1318
Chapter 1318
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1318 
“Mr. Hayes, if you don’t feel like going, I’ll go.” 
“No, it’s okay.” 
Sebastian straightaway refused. 
He looked at the woman in the hospital room who was still fast asleep and stood still in the doorway. His eyes were full of pain and sorrow at the mention of the child, but he still wasn’t willing to let anyone else step in. 
That very night, he left Jetroina and headed to Jadeborough. 
Back at Oceanic Estate, Jonathan was still waiting for Sebastian even though his flight was only scheduled to land in the wee hours of the morning. 
“He’s back! Mr. Sebastian is back!” 
“Really? Then go and set the table quickly with the soup we made earlier and the spaghetti, too. He must be starving after such a long flight.” 
“Okay!” 
The maids of Oceanic Estate didn’t end up sleeping either. 
They prepared a large, warm breakfast to welcome him when they heard he was landing early in the morning. In fact, they spent the whole night waiting for him.
When Devin fetched Sebastian back from the airport at about one or two in the morning, Sebastian walked into the house to find an old man with a cane waiting for him in the bright living room, standing in front of the fully set table. 
The housemaids and butlers were standing next to the old man, welcoming him with open arms. 
“Look! Everyone’s been waiting for your return. Now you know how much the people in Oceanic Estate love you, huh?” Devin mocked in a slightly bitter tone. 
Even he didn’t get treated this way. 
Sebastian pressed his lips together. He was at a loss for words, and all he could say was, “Thank you, everyone.” 
Jonathan, Sebastian, and Devin sat around the table and ate for quite a long time that night. 
“If that’s the case, I think it might actually be a good thing. That child was forced upon this world, and if it knew it could save its mother, I’m sure it would be happy,” Jonathan advised after hearing about everything. 
After hearing that, Sebastian’s hand abruptly stopped with a fork in front of his mouth. 
Happy? 
“Yeah, Sebastian. Grandpa’s right. Think about it: if the child manages to save Sasha, then once she’s better, she might be able to have another kid. Who knows, that child might even reincarnate into that baby! Wouldn’t that be great?” Devin said as a joke. 
Sebastian didn’t reply. 
He felt as if something heavy had just been slammed against his heart.
After hearing about the buried child in Jetroina last afternoon, he hadn’t relaxed since. However, at Devin and Jonathan’s advice, he felt like a huge weight had been lifted off his shoulders. 
That’s right. I should be thinking that way. 
He shouldn’t be drowning himself in remorse and regret, constantly blaming himself for forcing that innocent child into this world and not properly protecting both mother and child. 
In reality, who could say that this wasn’t a destined chance for redemption? 
Sebastian finally slept well that night for the first time in a long time. 
The next day, he woke up early and prepared to drive to Aquene Temple, but Jonathan suddenly approached him. 
“Let’s go together.” 
Sebastian just stared at his grandfather, at a loss for words. 
Devin finally pulled his attention back to reality. “After he knew about the incident, he’s never talked to your father. I think it’s time for them to meet.” 
Sebastian still remained quiet, but he inwardly agreed. 
In the end, Jonathan and Sebastian ended up going together. 
The thousand-year-old temple looked even more beautiful after a few months of not having seen it. It was surrounded by lush greenery and was like a breath of fresh air. 
Even though they had been destroyed, the trees had regrown and were full of life once more. 
The streams, flowers, and even the little creatures that were in the forest were brimming with life as well.
Sebastian drove for about two hours before finally arriving at the temple. 
“Ah, you’re here! I’ll go and get Master right now.” 
The young apprentice at the gate of the temple immediately ran off to get Shin at the sight of Sebastian. 
Sebastian waited at the gates silently, but Jonathan felt anger rise in him at the sight of the temple. 
It had been more than thirty years, and he couldn’t believe that that scumbag had simply been hiding away here this whole time. His family was just a few hours’ drive away! 
He hadn’t shown his face even once in all that time. 
“That scumbag!” Jonathan cursed. 
Sebastian was still silent. 
He couldn’t be bothered to care about their father-son drama. 
He waited for the old monk to appear and said, “I’m here to retrieve that child’s corpse. Sasha told me you were the one who buried it, right?” 
Shin was taken aback. “Yes. H-What happened?” 
His usually calm expression was clearly ruffled. 
He probably wasn’t too excited by the prospect of digging up an already deceased child. 
Jonathan jabbed his walking stick in his direction and said harshly, “Of course you wouldn’t know what happened! You’ve been hiding away here all these years. Do you even have the slightest idea about what happened back home?” 
Both Shin and Sebastian fell into silence.
They both ended up not saying anything as Sebastian dragged Shin away to dig up the body. 
###Chapter 1319
Chapter 1319
Chapter 1319 Sabrina Is The Real Obstacle Here 
Two hours later, after all the necessary procedures, Shin personally handed the small coffin over to Sebastian. 
“It was a kind child. I didn’t know it was destined for such an important task. Please take it.” 
His simple words nearly caused everyone in the room to tear up. 
Sebastian solemnly took the child from Shin and left the temple. 
Jonathan was about to say something when Sebastian whispered, “Be nice. He lost two ribs.” 
With that, Jonathan decided to swallow back everything he had been about to say. 
Half an hour later, Jonathan finally emerged. Sebastian then drove back down the mountain. 
“Are you going back to Jetroina today?” 
“Yes. Haruto is waiting,” Sebastian replied mildly. 
Jonathan didn’t say anything else, but he was visibly worried. 
Everything was settled now, and all the Jadesons had to worry about was Sebastian and Sasha’s predicament. Jonathan was more hopeful than anyone else that this child’s corpse could heal Sasha. 
Jonathan personally sent his grandson back to the airport.
“By the way, the kids are in Avenport. We’re not there to take care of them, so if you’re free after this, you can go check up on them,” Sebastian suddenly turned around to say right before boarding the airplane. 
Jonathan’s eyes lit up. 
“Okay! I’ll be free tomorrow after the election ends. I’ll go check up on them then,” he said in a gleeful tone. 
Only then did Sebastian board the plane. 
… 
The next day in Avenport, Sabrina had planned to make a trip to the company so she could check out how Ichika was doing when Wendy suddenly reminded her that Jaena’s vaccination appointment was today. 
“Oh, was that today?” 
She ran upstairs to get Jaena’s vaccination certificate and double-checked it. 
Oh, it is today. 
She had to go to the hospital first, then. 
Jaena was still playing around with Vivian in the garden as Sabrina walked out to rein her in. After she had learned how to walk, Jaena had been even more of a handful. 
It was so early in the morning, and yet she still clung to Vivian as if the latter were her favorite doll. 
As for Vivian, she may have already been close to ten years old, but she was still as playful and energetic as before.
After Jaena joined her, she brought the little girl all over the place to play. They would burrow around in the dirt and make mud cakes, and sometimes they would even catch a fish out of the pond and watch it flop around in their small hands. 
“Oh my, where have you all been?” 
Sabrina looked at the little bundle of a human being that she had just gotten her hands on. Jaena was covered almost completely head to toe in mud, and she could barely see a clean patch of skin. 
Despite Sabrina’s veins nearly popping in frustration, the small child started chuckling gleefully. 
“Fower… flower!” 
Her little mouth opened and closed as she clumsily held out a bunch of colorful flower petals. 
Sabrina fell silent. 
Flowers? Sooner or later, the whole garden will be stripped bare by these two youngins! 
Sabrina could only hurry Jaena off to the bathroom. 
After giving her daughter a good wash, she carried her out and brought her to the car. 
“Oh! Car!” 
“Don’t mess around anymore, okay, Jaena? Sit tight! Mommy’s going to start driving.” 
Within the fiery red Ferrari, Jaena was crawling around excitedly. Since she was a young kid who happened to be attracted by bright colors, she wanted nothing more than to explore every inch of this bright, shiny car. 
Sabrina had to keep picking her up and stopping her from running everywhere.
However, every time Sabrina got her hands on her, she would crawl away giggling as her mother tried to strap the child safety seat into the car. 
Sabrina was about to raise her voice, but luckily, Wendy walked out since she couldn’t help worrying. 
When she saw the two of them chasing each other around the car, she didn’t know whether to cry or laugh. 
“Ms. Sabrina, you have to strap in the safety chair first before bringing Jaena in.” 
“Ah.” 
Sabrina was already sweating with the pure effort it took to get everything settled, so she just shrugged in defeat. 
With Wendy’s help, Sabrina finally managed to get Jaena into the safety chair. 
“Should I go with you?” Wendy suggested. “Are you sure you can watch Jaena on your own?” 
“I’ll be fine. Don’t worry, it’s not like it’s my first time!” Sabrina said with a wave of her hand before driving away. 
To be fair, it wasn’t Sabrina’s first time alone with her kid. 
But out of all days, today had to be the one day something did happen. 
“Doc, where’s my kid?” 
“Huh?” 
The doctor who was administering vaccination shots to all the kids through the little window looked at the extremely frazzled Sabrina.
“You didn’t bring your kid in. Why are you asking me?” 
“Wait, I did bring her in! You were the one who said that she had a high temperature and asked me to go and get a thermometer from the other doctor so we could measure it.” 
Sabrina was so worried that she had unknowingly raised her voice while waving the thermometer around. 
###Chapter 1320
Chapter 1320
Chapter 1320 Where Is The Kid 
Her beloved baby Jaena had disappeared. 
I swear she was sitting on the bench right in front of this doctor earlier. 
When the doctor saw Jaena crying and throwing a tantrum, she had asked Sabrina to go and get a thermometer. How had Jaena just disappeared into thin air? 
“Find my child! Why are you still sitting here giving shots?” she cried out anxiously. She couldn’t care less about the kids and their parents who were still sitting around. 
The doctor started to feel nervous at Sabrina’s raised voice. 
They all immediately stopped with the vaccinations and started looking for Jaena. 
After half an hour, however, despite everyone at the pediatrics department joining the search, they still came back empty-handed. There was simply no trace of the yearling. 
There was no way she could have disappeared within just a few minutes of Sabrina turning her back on her. 
“If I can’t find my kid by today, you all will be paying for it!” 
In her stress, Sabrina completely lost it and started yelling at the doctors. 
All of them fell silent.
Eventually, one of them got annoyed by her words and said, “What does that have to do with us? You were the one who lost her. I asked you to go and get a thermometer, not leave your kid here with me. Did you expect me to be able to look after your child for you?” 
“Y—” 
“Let’s not mind her too much, Dr. Zimmer. She’s probably trying to make a scene on purpose. We should call the police.” 
The doctors, after seeing that they really couldn’t find Jaena, started talking about calling the police before Sabrina could do anything else. 
In truth, both sides were in the wrong regarding this matter. 
Sabrina shouldn’t have left her kid with the doctor to get the thermometer. Even if that wasn’t what the doctor meant, it definitely came off that way to Sabrina since Jaena had been right there near the doctor. 
She only went to the office right behind them to get the thermometer, too. 
Thus, it was unfair for the doctors to talk about calling the police just to shirk their responsibility in this incident. 
Sabrina was so angry, she was trembling as she pulled out her phone. “Police? Sure! In fact, I’ll call them myself.” 
After that, she dialed the police chief’s number. 
When the police chief arrived and immediately started being all respectful and polite to Sabrina, everyone in the room was taken aback. 
“Please relax, Ms. Sabrina. We will take care of this. First things first, we have to find the child before figuring out whose responsibility it is, wouldn’t you say?”
That police chief was rather good at his job and was able to calmly sort through what Sabrina had told him. 
She was already devastated after her child went missing and easily agreed with whatever he said. 
The policemen started searching for the girl as well. This time, they were sure to thoroughly check through all the surveillance camera footage. 
Through the footage, after Sabrina left to get the thermometer, they saw the doctor clearly take notice of the crying child in front of her. However, due to Jaena’s incessant wailing and sobbing, the doctor eventually stopped paying attention to her since there were more people waiting for their kids to get vaccinated. 
Jaena crawled off the bench while sobbing after not being able to see her mother. She suddenly saw an adult with a kid walk past, so she hurried to clumsily follow them. 
The whole reason she followed them was because of the large lollipop in the other kid’s hand. 
“See? How could you say it had nothing to do with you?” Sabrina yelled in pain and frustration at the doctor. 
The doctor finally remained silent. 
The policemen continued to look through all the surveillance cameras. 
Disappointingly, there was a single corridor between the clinic and the main hall which didn’t have any surveillance cameras installed in it. 
Even after they checked the camera footage in the main hall, they failed to see Jaena there. 
“Jaena!”
Sabrina finally couldn’t control the fear in her heart and ran outside. 
The policemen could only follow suit. 
They ended up searching through the corridor over twenty times, leaving no stone unturned. Despite all that, there was still no trace of Jaena. 
Sabrina started swaying, unable to stand straight under her intense stress. 
“Ms. Sabrina!” The policeman next to her hurriedly reached out and caught her from falling. 
… 
When Solomon heard about Jaena going missing, he was still in a meeting at the company. 
Upon receiving news that something had happened to the girl, he immediately stood up from his seat. 
“Got it! I’m coming over right now!” 
What happened? 
The top management of the company all looked at each other, completely unaware as to what had happened. 
Akiko showed up and glanced at the other attendees mildly. “Mr. George needs to attend to a family emergency, so you all may disband for now.” 
“Huh?” 
Thus, the meeting was temporarily put on hold. 
Taylor of the planning department also had to return.
Ichika had been downstairs writing out a project plan. She had just joined, so she was naturally a little unfamiliar with it. When she saw Taylor return, she immediately stood up. 
“You’re back, Mr. Lawson!” 
“Hi, Ichika. Are you done with the plan yet?” 
Ichika was no longer the awkward, nervous girl Taylor had seen on the first day. She was now relaxed enough to have a normal colleague relationship with all of them. 
###Chapter 1321
Chapter 1321
Chapter 1321 Do Not Forget Your Place 
“I’m not completely done yet, but I’ve finished at least half. Oh, right! Why did your meeting finish so soon? I thought meetings like these usually go on for quite a long time.” 
Ichika’s bright eyes looked at Taylor curiously. 
She was definitely a very observant young lady, having realized this after just two days in the company. 
Taylor smiled, not meaning to keep it a secret from her. “Something came up with Mr. George, and he suddenly ran off after getting a phone call.” 
“Oh, really?” 
Ichika’s small face twisted in worry. 
He left halfway? What could it be? It must be something truly urgent for him to suddenly leave in the middle of an important meeting. 
Ichika was still curious, so she went up to the top floor after quickly getting her work done. 
“Hi, Ms. Minamoto. You came upstairs, I see.” 
“Yeah…” 
Ichika felt extremely unsettled at the entire room of people that suddenly turned to look her way as she stood at the president’s office doors.
She continued to fidget at the doorway as she asked shyly, “I-is Ms. Akiko here?” 
“Yes, she is!” someone piped up. “She’s in Mr. George’s office.” 
A few of them gestured toward the office in question helpfully. 
Ichiko was simply much too adorable and amicable to turn down. Truthfully, they all silently thought she was a much better person to deal with than the woman she was looking for. 
Ichika entered with ease. 
A few minutes later, she reached Solomon’s office. 
“Akiko, what happened to Mr. Akiyama? Why did he suddenly end the meeting?” 
“Ms. Minamoto, that doesn’t seem like something you should be asking. Right now, you’re simply a small clerk in the planning department. You don’t have to know too much about the president and what he chooses to do.” 
Akiko had been busy arranging things when the young, innocent woman came to bother her. She didn’t think twice before pulling the “president’s secretary” card. 
Ichika fell silent. 
Within just a few seconds, the young Jetroinian woman’s pale face immediately colored as her cheeks began to redden. 
She had actually forgotten that she had not come here as the rich daughter of the Minamoto family but as a regular office worker in the company. 
However, within those few seconds, Ichika immediately snapped back to her senses.
“I’m not asking you as a clerk. I’m asking you as Ichika Minamoto. Where did he go? What happened?” 
When she spoke again, her sweet voice was laced with a hint of severity. 
Akiko paled in anger. 
Ichika… 
She clenched her fists so tightly that the veins on the back of her hand were beginning to push against her skin. 
In the end, she didn’t dare to go against Ichika. Staring at the latter for a few seconds, she finally spoke through gritted teeth. 
“His sister’s daughter is missing.” 
“What?” Ichika’s small face contorted in worry. “Her kid went missing? Why? How did she go missing?” 
“How am I supposed to know? When Mr. Akiyama left, he only mentioned that Ms. Sabrina had brought her kid to get her vaccination at the hospital before she went missing. Nothing else.” 
“Oh.” 
The tips of Ichika’s fingers had gone icy cold with the news. 
Oh no. This can’t happen. Jaena is Sabrina’s life and joy. How could she bear to live without her baby? 
Ichika had met Jaena before, and she couldn’t believe that such a cute and lovable child had suddenly gone missing. This can’t be happening! 
Ichika’s eyes had already started to redden. 
She immediately turned and ran out without another word.
Akiko called out, “Ms. Minamoto, where are you going? Ichika Minamoto!” 
Akiko had to call out her full name. 
This was the difference between the two. 
They were both from Jetroina, but the moment Ichika heard that Sabrina lost her child, she was full of worry and concern. She was even feeling heartache and pity, and her first thought was to rush off to look for the girl as well. 
As for the woman who was still in the office, she clearly couldn’t care less. 
“Dad, this is Ichika.” 
Ichika immediately called her father all the way in Jetroina right after she stepped out of the company. 
Her father paused in surprise at the sound of Ichika’s voice and quickly said, “Ichika? Is something wrong? Are you not liking things in Avenport? Do you want me to have someone bring you back?” 
“No, Dad, don’t worry. I’m doing fine here. The problem is that Sabrina lost her child. Could you help me out?” Ichika begged over the phone. 
Not many people knew that the famous Minamoto family actually had a team of strong warriors under their belt. These warriors had been with them ever since they left the royal family to establish themselves as their own power. 
That was why these people were considered experts in Jetroina in every area. 
Her father agreed breezily. 
At the sound of her father’s agreement, Ichika sighed in relief and hailed a taxi to the hospital.
All she saw was the entire hospital locked down due to the search for the Hayeses youngest member. Everyone seemed to be panicking. 
“Mr. Akiyama…” 
She saw the man standing tall over the crowd of anxious people, calmly directing everyone about what to do. 
###Chapter 1322
Chapter 1322
Chapter 1322 Found 
Solomon turned around and saw Ichika panting heavily. He was stunned momentarily. 
“Why are you here?” 
“Mr. Akiyama, I heard that Sabrina’s kid is missing, so I came to help. Don’t worry. I’ve called my dad and he promised to help her find her kid.” 
Ichika’s face was red as a thin layer of sweat formed on her forehead. 
Her dad? 
Solomon was startled upon hearing that. 
Why would she ask her dad, who is so far away in Jetroina, to help out? Even if their family is powerful, it’s not their territory over here. 
Solomon furrowed his brows. “There’s no need to trouble your father. I’ve arranged my men to look into it.” 
“Huh?” Ichika could not believe her ears. 
Her enthusiasm vanished right away as her face dimmed. 
Nevertheless, she stood there obediently while watching Solomon giving orders to his subordinates. 
Indeed, with Solomon’s ability, he did not seem to need help from the Minamoto family.
Even if he did not have any resources, there was still Devin. The latter had already sent their specialized helicopters to aid in the search. 
With that, Solomon continued to instruct his men to sweep the entire city. 
Half an hour later, there was finally some breakthrough. 
“Mr. Akiyama, we’ve matched the shoe prints and fingerprints we collected in the corridor with the police system here. These names showed up.” 
One of Solomon’s subordinates took a tablet and showed him the names one by one. 
Solomon looked through the list of around one hundred names. After all, there was not much of a crowd in the pediatrics department. 
“Okay. Check on all of them. Don’t miss out anyone.” 
“Yes, Mr. Akiyama!” 
The subordinate left the place without any delay. All of them were determined to solve the case as soon as possible. 
Ichika, who was observing from the side, was utterly impressed by their efficiency. With that, she did not mention her father anymore. 
Solomon was so occupied that he even forgot to drink water. Noticing that, Ichika went out to buy him something to drink. 
Ten minutes later, she came back with a cup of coffee. By then, Solomon had successfully located Jaena’s whereabouts.
“Mr. Akiyama, we’ve found her. It’s a woman. She noticed the little girl was following her, so she took her home with her.” 
“Took her home?” 
Solomon furrowed his brows upon hearing that. 
Why would she do that? Generally, if a random child follows me, and we’re at the children’s health department, I would definitely send the kid to the person in charge. Why would I bring the kid home with me? 
Solomon could not wrap his head around it. 
But before he could ask anything further, Sabrina, who had been in the ward, heard the news and rushed out. 
“Did you guys find her? Where is she?” 
Suppressing his confusion for now, Solomon pursed his lips and pointed at his subordinate. 
“She’s with a woman. We’ve already sent—” 
“Where are they? Take me there now!” she insisted with an unyielding look as soon as she heard what the subordinate said. 
Solomon had no choice but to let her follow them. 
Ichika saw it and decided to tag along as well. 
Just then, her phone rang abruptly. 
“Hello?”
“Ms. Minamoto, I’m Akiko. Has Mr. George found the kid yet? When are you and he coming back? An important client suddenly came to the company.” 
Ichika shifted her gaze toward Solomon, who was about to get into the car. She hesitated for a while but eventually caught up with him. 
“Mr. Akiyama, Akiko just called and said there was an important client at the company. Do you want to go back? I can keep Sabrina company.” 
Ichika volunteered to accompany Sabrina. 
An important client? 
Solomon furrowed his brows as he did not remember an appointment for that afternoon. 
Nevertheless, since Jaena had been found, he decided to head back to the company. 
With that, Ichika went with Sabrina to pick up the little girl. 
When they reached the outside of the woman’s house, they saw Solomon’s men guarding the door tightly. Just then, they heard Jaena’s voice coming from inside. 
“Waaa…” 
Jaena, who used to smile and laugh all the time, was crying. 
Sabrina’s heart clenched in pain upon hearing that, and she rushed into the house while shouting, “Jaena, Mommy’s here! Don’t cry!” 
###Chapter 1323
Chapter 1323
Chapter 1323 Unintentional Kidnap 
“M-Mommy—” 
Jaena, who was crying, bawled her eyes out when she finally heard her mother’s voice. 
Sabrina felt a million swords piercing through her heart. 
She barged into the house and saw the woman carrying Jaena in her arms. Without hesitation, she snatched her daughter from the woman. 
“All right, all right. Mommy’s here. Let’s stop crying, okay?” 
Jaena’s sobbing started to fade as she felt Sabrina’s warmth. 
Her face was moist with tears, and her body was trembling incessantly. 
Sabrina seldom saw her in such a state as she was always an optimistic child who loved to smile. 
Sabrina comforted her until she calmed down. After a while, she fell asleep in Sabrina’s embrace. 
With that, Sabrina shifted her to one hand gently as she lifted her head and cast a ferocious glare at the middle-aged woman in the house. 
“Why did you take her?” 
“N-No, it’s not like that! She kept following me. I took her to the pediatrics department, but no one seemed to know her. I feared she might get into trouble, so I brought her back here.”
“I was there the whole time. I didn’t see you asking around.” 
Sabrina did not buy what she was being told. 
Ichika immediately walked over to ease the situation as she was worried they might wake Jaena. 
“Sabrina, let’s bring the kid back first. Just leave it to Mr. Akiyama. No matter what her intention was, Mr. Akiyama will handle her.” 
Her tone was utterly meek, but there was a sense of determination in her voice when she mentioned Solomon. 
As such, Sabrina recollected herself and left with Jaena. 
The middle-aged woman let out a sigh of relief upon seeing that. 
Just when she thought all of them had left, Ichika came back into the house after a while. 
“You guys stay here and keep an eye on her. Wait for Mr. Akiyama to come here and handle her.” 
“Yes, Ms. Minamoto.” 
All the warriors bowed toward Ichika simultaneously after hearing her order. After all, she was most likely the future wife of Solomon. 
At that instance, the color drained from the woman’s face. 
“Why do you still need to keep an eye on me? I’ve returned the kid in one piece. Why would you keep me under watch like I’m some criminal?” 
“There’s indeed something suspicious about you,” Ichika responded indifferently. “Sabrina was right. You could have handed Jaena over to the pediatrics department. Even if you couldn’t find her parents, you
shouldn’t have taken the kid home. That was wrong.” 
The woman was rendered speechless upon hearing that. 
“Besides, I have a little background in medicine. The way Jaena was crying just now seemed strange. I need to do a checkup on her before your suspicion can be lifted.” 
Indeed, Ichika had keen observation skills. 
She explained to the woman gently and politely, but her words caused the latter’s heart to plummet to her feet. 
How could this young lady be so intelligent? How could she possibly notice that? 
With that, the woman paled in fright. 
… 
Soon after that, Ichika went back to the company. 
Taylor asked upon seeing her, “Ichika, you’re back. So what happened? Did you find Ms. Sabrina’s kid?” 
“Yes. Everything is fine. Sorry for delaying the work. Is there anything you need me to do now?” 
She displayed an apologetic smile. 
Taylor could not bear to blame her. 
Not to mention, as she was newly hired, she did not have many ongoing tasks. 
The only task she got assigned was to follow up on some advertising projects.
With that, Ichika carried a pile of documents and went out. 
“Ms. Minamoto?” 
When she got out of the planning department, she ran into Akiko, who had just come down from upstairs. 
Ichika had no choice but to stop in her tracks. 
“What is it, Akiko?” 
“Nothing. I just want to remind you that Mr. Akiyama won’t be happy that you stuck your nose into his business. You should know that he has no intention to marry you for now.” 
Ichika felt a blow to her heart upon hearing that. 
Indeed, he never said he would marry me. Not only that, but he has never once brought me to any important occasions after I came here. He’s never explained to anybody about me either. At most, he only introduced me as the daughter of the Minamoto family when somebody asked. 
Upset, Ichika’s face fell. 
“is that so?” 
“Of course. That’s why you should ask your men to come back right away. If Mr. Akiyama finds out he still needs to handle some trivial matter after meeting the client, he will dislike you even more.” 
Ichika froze on the spot upon hearing Akiko’s advice. 
She pondered for a while and eventually nodded in agreement. 
###Chapter 1324
Chapter 1324
Chapter 1324 True Colors 
“Okay.” She complied with Akiko. 
With that, Akiko let out a sigh of relief and went back upstairs. 
It was a peaceful afternoon in the company, and Akiko occupied herself with work in the president’s office. 
Finally, Solomon came out of the meeting room. Upon seeing that, Akiko put aside her work and went over to take the documents from Solomon’s hands. 
“Mr. Akiyama, it’s almost time for you to get off work. Do you want me to order your diner for tonight?” 
“It’s fine. I still need to handle the woman who took away Jaena. You may leave work as you like,” Solomon uttered while packing his stuff. 
What did he say? Is he going to the woman’s house? 
Akiko was stunned momentarily as she stared at Solomon confusedly. Her mind went blank, not knowing how to react. 
Solomon noticed her strange behavior and asked with a frown, “What’s wrong? What’s with that look?” 
Akiko immediately cleared her thoughts and denied, “I-It’s nothing. Would you like me to go with you? Let me prepare the car now.” 
“No need,” Solomon rejected without hesitation.
A few minutes later, he grabbed his briefcase and his car key before walking out of the office. 
Akiko was dumbstruck as she felt as though her whole world had collapsed. 
Overwhelmed with panic and anger, she grabbed the phone on the desk and made a call. 
“Hello?” 
A sweet voice came from the other end. 
Akiko exploded with rage upon hearing that. “Ichika Minamoto, how dare you lie to me! Didn’t I tell you to send your men away? Why didn’t you do so? And how dare you even ask Mr. Akiyama to go over there?” 
“What?” 
Ichika was still at the planning department, and she was dumbfounded upon getting scolded by Akiko. 
“Is that you, Akiko? Yes, I’ve thought it through, and I’m certain there’s something suspicious going on. I thought Mr. Akiyama shouldn’t brush this incident off and must look into it personally. It would be troublesome if the woman had taken Jaena away intentionally.” 
Akiko was left speechless. 
“And Akiko, who allowed you to talk to me with that tone? Please don’t forget your place.” 
Ichika’s sweet tone turned stern abruptly. 
Absolutely furious, Akiko was lost for words. 
She gripped the phone tightly and stood there for over a minute before slamming the phone down wrathfully.
Ichika Minamoto! 
Utterly enraged, Akiko packed her stuff and left the building. 
Around ten minutes later, she rushed to the woman’s apartment. After a while, she saw the middle-aged woman escorted out by two men. 
This is bad! 
Overcome by fear, she took out her phone and began typing desperately with shaking fingers. 
Your mom was captured. I’ll give you another 500 thousand if she keeps her mouth shut! 
She sent out the message as quick as she could. 
After that, she saw Solomon and his men push the woman into the car and leave. 
Akiko’s hands clenched onto the driving wheel tightly, her body trembling incessantly. 
… 
Half an hour later, at an entertainment center in Avenport. 
Solomon’s men threw the woman right onto the ground. 
“Speak now. Did you do it intentionally?” 
“Ahh…” 
The woman looked around her with horror written all over her face. 
She bit her lip and shook her head desperately. “No… I didn’t mean it… Please.”
“Get to work,” was the indifferent reply from Solomon as he lit up a cigarette and puffed on it casually. 
Then, he walked over to the bar to order a drink. 
Every day at this hour, young men and women would start partying in the bar. Solomon, on the other head, could not be less entertained by dancing and singing. 
Hence, whenever the dance floor started to heat up, he would prefer to order a drink and have a light chat with the bartender. 
“Mr. George, you appear well recently. Is there any good news?” 
“Good news?” 
Solomon cast a glance at the bartender, feeling amused. 
“Nope. I’m a lonely guy. If I’ve got good news, I wouldn’t be drinking here alone, would I?” 
“How could you say that? If you want it, I’m sure there will be countless beauties lining up for you in Avenport.” 
The bartender smiled as he shifted his gaze toward the dance floor. Then, he placed the cocktail he had just made in front of Solomon. 
After two rounds of drink, Solomon’s men approached him. 
“Mr. George, she’s still unwilling to speak.” 
“Is that so?” 
Solomon put down his glass upon hearing that.
Half drunk by then, he wandered toward the woman who had been beaten so badly that she could not even get up from the ground. 
“You’ve got balls. You don’t want to give in, do you? Fine. Bring her son here then. I think she has a son.” 
“No!” 
The woman let out a horrified shriek. 
###Chapter 1325
Chapter 1325
Chapter 1325 Lose Control 
“I’ll speak! I’ll speak. That’s right. I did it on purpose. I saw her keep following me, so I was tempted to sell her away for a fortune.” 
The woman finally admitted to it. 
“What did you say? You were going to sell her?” 
Solomon was beyond furious upon hearing that. 
How dare she try to sell my one-year-old niece? What would have happened if we failed to find her? I can’t imagine it! 
Just then, his childhood memories flashed across his mind. He recalled when his mother and he were wandering on the streets when he was young. 
His mother would leave him at the front door of others to con them for money. 
He could not imagine how he managed to survive the fear back then. 
He thought he had forgotten about all that. Yet after he heard the woman mention she had been planning to sell Jaena, the trauma came back to haunt him. 
A chill ran down his spine as he started to tremble. 
Bang!
Losing his mind, he grabbed a chair and smashed it down on the woman. 
The woman let out a scream before collapsing to the floor. Blood spilled out from her head. 
Despite so, Solomon had no intention to stop at all. 
He seemed to have lost all his rationality. After smashing the chair, he picked up the ashtray, the wine bottle, and anything he could get his hand on, and one after another, he hurled them at the woman. 
Eventually, the woman stopped moving completely. Solomon’s subordinates immediately stepped over to stop him by grabbing his arms, and only then did he stop, panting heavily. 
“Mr. Akiyama… are you okay?” 
Everyone at the scene was shocked, including the bartender, who was pale with fear upon seeing what happened. 
Solomon was panting heavily, trying hard to recollect himself. 
After a while, he regained his senses and shifted his gaze downward. 
She’s dead. 
The woman was no longer breathing, and the scene was incredibly bloody. Some of her blood even stained his pants. 
Solomon’s pupils began to constrict. 
“Mr. Akiyama?” 
“I’m fine…”
Solomon tried hard to suppress the panic in his heart. He signaled his men to clean up the mess while he walked out of the place in a daze. 
He panicked not because he killed someone. 
It was not his first time taking a life, so he was not that bothered about it, especially since she had committed a crime. 
He panicked because he never expected to lose his mind over his childhood tragedy. 
As such, he decided to go home. 
Little did he know that the moment he got out, someone was observing him in a black car across the street. 
Moments after Solomon left, a corpse was carried out from the nightclub. 
The woman in the black car displayed a satisfied smile upon seeing that. 
Great. This is what I want. 
… 
Meanwhile, at Frontier Bay. 
Devin and Sabrina brought their daughter to the personal physician to conduct a thorough checkup. 
Just then, they heard the news that Solomon had beaten the woman who abducted Jaena to death at a nightclub. 
They were left in utter astonishment. 
“Why?”
“The woman did not take Jaena home out of the goodness of her heart just because Jaena was following her. She wanted to sell her for money!” 
“What did you say!” 
Sabrina was infuriated upon hearing that. 
Fortunately, the composed Devin grabbed her arm and gestured at her to calm down. 
“Since the woman had already admitted to her crime, he should have handed her over to the cops. Why did he kill her in front of so many witnesses? Has he always been that impulsive?” 
“That’s not it. Something didn’t seem right with him at the time.” 
The subordinate elaborated the whole incident to them. 
Upon hearing that, Devin’s expression turned extremely solemn. 
Sabrina’s rage also faded and was replaced with utter befuddlement. 
Did he lose control? How could that be? He doesn’t seem like a rash person, though. 
“Fine. I’ll go check on him.” 
After pondering for a while, Devin decided to find him. 
Sabrina wanted to go too, but Jaena was still in the middle of the checkup. 
Half an hour later, at a local apartment complex. 
Solomon’s lifestyle seemed somehow unreasonable. By right, he should be living in a more luxurious place since he was now the president of Hayes Corporation.
But still, he chose to stay in his previous apartment, which was a relatively old building. 
It was the same apartment back when he first started his company. 
###Chapter 1326
Chapter 1326
Chapter 1326 She Was Blind 
Devin was a little astounded as he looked at the apartment area. He remained stunned for a moment before following the people who came with him to Solomon’s apartment 
Ding dong… 
“Mr. Akiyama, Mr. Jadeson is here to see you.” After pressing the doorbell, the person who led Devin to the apartment mentioned Devin’s name. He was concerned that Solomon would refuse to open the door even though he was inside the apartment. 
There was no response at first. After some time, someone finally came to open the door. 
“Good evening, Solomon,” Devin greeted immediately when the door opened. 
Overall, he doesn’t look out of the ordinary. However, I can’t rule out the possibility that he cleaned up his appearance before opening the door. 
Devin quietly glanced at Solomon’s wet sleeves. 
“Good evening. When did you reach here? Is Jaena all right?” Solomon avoided Devin’s gaze and went into the apartment to get him a glass of water. 
Devin entered the apartment. 
“Oh, she’s all right. The kidnapper only gave her a little sleeping pill. Since the dosage was small, there wasn’t much effect,” Devin explained and tried his best to assuage Solomon’s fear.
Devin was still a little puzzled over this matter. 
If the middle-aged woman wanted to abduct Jaena to sell her, she would have given her a higher dosage to make sure that Jaena remained quiet. 
However, when he arrived at Frontier Bay this evening, Sabrina had recovered their daughter and told him that Jaena was awake and crying when she found her. 
Devin found it strange. 
Furthermore, if the woman had abducted Jaena to sell her, why didn’t she leave the city immediately with Jaena? It had been more than six hours between the abduction and when they found Jaena. 
The woman even stayed at home and waited for people to catch her. 
However, Devin could not bear to continue with his explanation. 
He saw Solomon’s initially calm expression suddenly turn furious and threatening right after he finished explaining. 
Furthermore, he could see a deep hatred in Solomon’s expression. 
“Solomon?” Devin asked carefully. 
Solomon did not answer, but he recovered a few seconds later. 
Then, he began to panic and tried to hide his momentary relapse. “Erm, have you had dinner? Would you like to have something to eat?” 
“No need. I’ve had dinner. I came here to thank you. Jaena is lucky to have you as her uncle. You brought her back home safely.” Devin pretended not to see Solomon’s strange expression just now.
He took the glass of water Solomon gave him and went to sit down on the couch as he explained the reason for his visit. 
He was not a doctor, but he had years of experience in war. That enabled him to develop keen observation and analytical skills. 
Therefore, he was sure that there was something wrong with Solomon’s expression just now. 
However, he was uncertain about what it was. 
Therefore, Devin decided to consider this further after he returned. 
“Don’t worry about it. It’s something that I should do. You should console Sabrina later. She must have been frightened badly today,” Solomon said calmly. He appeared to have returned to normal. 
Devin nodded. “I understand. That’s why I’m planning to bring her and Jaena back to Jadeborough. Truthfully, I still have a lot of questions about this incident. I suspect that Eddie might still have followers around.” 
“Eddie?” Solomon was stunned for a moment. He had never thought of that possibility. 
Devin nodded. “Yes. I guess you don’t know about this, but Edmund met one such person when he went to Jetroina and nearly died in his hands. At the same time, Sabrina was in some trouble too.” 
Solomon did not speak for a moment. 
He had never considered this. Then, he recalled the woman he killed in his fit of anger and felt remorseful. 
After chatting for a while, Devin decided to leave. Before leaving, he informed Solomon that he would bring Sabrina, Ian, Matteo, and Vivan back to Jadeborough tomorrow.
“The kids are leaving with you too?” Solomon was surprised for a moment. 
Devin nodded. “Yes. Their parents are now in Jetroina. If I leave Frontier Bay with Sabrina and Jaena, no one can care for them. You’re too busy to take care of them either.” 
Devin smiled at Solomon. 
On the other hand, Solomon felt a little awkward. 
Devin left soon after. Sabrina had been waiting for him in Frontier Bay all this while. When she saw that he had returned, she quickly asked him what was wrong with Solomon. However, Devin did not answer her and immediately called Grayson in Jadeborough. 
He explained the matter to Grayson. After listening to him, Grayson told him that it was a psychological issue. He was a surgical doctor, so it was not his area of expertise. 
Psychological issue? Isn’t this Sasha’s area? 
Devin recalled this fact and immediately messaged Sasha in Jetroina. 
However, he did not know that Sasha had lost her sight. It was Sebastian who was holding her smartphone. 
Devin: This is the situation. Can you tell me what is wrong with him? 
However, Sasha did not reply. 
After a long while, Sebastian finally got up from a bench outside the enclosed ward and went to the medical lab. He threw the smartphone at Haruto, who was busy examining the remains of the fetus. 
Haruto was surprised.
He was still holding a pair of tweezers and had no choice but to look down for a moment. 
###Chapter 1327
Chapter 1327
Chapter 1327 Clear All Obstacles 
A moment later, Haruto answered, “It could be the effects from traumatic events, causing him to react in such an extreme manner.” 
Trauma? 
Sebastian stood at the side and watched Haruto cut a small slice of the fetus’ remains and put it in a fluid. Then, he ground a part of it into a paste and put it under the microscope. 
The sight made Sebastian uncomfortable, so he looked away quietly. 
“Psychological trauma?” Sebastian asked. 
“That should be it. You can ask the person whether he has experienced any traumatic events in the past. Then, you can easily find the reason for his extreme behavior. Mr. Hayes, stop bothering me with this matter. Your wife is blind, so aren’t you worried?” Haruto said. 
Then, Sebastian took the smartphone and left the lab. 
… 
In the end, Devin and Sabrina still could not figure out what was wrong with Solomon. 
The following day, both of them brought the four children with them and left Avenport. 
Solomon watched them leave.
After that, he returned to his car. 
“Mr. Akiyama, now that they’ve left, Frontier Bay is quiet again.” Akiko, who was driving the car, could not help but sigh upon seeing Devin and the others leave. 
Solomon did not reply, but he felt a little lonely. It was apparent from his expression that he was not in a good mood. 
After that, both of them returned to the company. To prevent himself from overthinking, Solomon devoted himself to work. 
Meanwhile, Akiko also returned to her post. 
However, in the following few days, the employees in the planning department realized that Akiko was giving their new colleague, Ichika, a hard time. 
“Ichika, the president’s office called again just now. They’ve rejected your proposal. Now that Mr. Lawson is not around, they keep rejecting everything. What should we do?” said an employee in the planning department. 
“Yes, this is so annoying,” another employee added. 
Everyone was indignant on behalf of Ichika. 
Ichika, too, was at her wit’s end. 
However, when she saw how everyone was concerned about her, she felt bad for making them worry. Therefore, she comforted them by saying, “It’s all right. I’ll meet with Mr. George and discuss it.” 
“Yes, that’s a good idea.” Her colleagues perked up upon hearing this. 
Therefore, Ichika brought a stack of her rejected proposals and went to the top floor.
She went there intending to ask Solomon for his guidance. After all, she had just started working here and was unfamiliar with the projects. Therefore, it was not surprising that they rejected her proposals. 
Previously, she could ask Taylor since he was the director of the planning department. However, he was now away on a business trip. Therefore, she believed that it was okay for her to consult Solomon. 
She came to Solomon’s office, knocked on the door, and opened it. However, she did not expect to see Akiko working there busily. 
“Akiko?” Ichika said in a surprise. 
“Yes, Ms. Minamoto. Mr. Akiyama is not here. Why are you looking for him?” Akiko said with an indifferent tone. 
Ichika furrowed her brows. 
She showed the proposals she was carrying to Akiko and explained, “It’s about these proposals. I wanted to ask Mr. Akiyama why he rejected them and understand what the issue is with them?” 
“He’s rejected these proposals, and you dare to ask him why?” Akiko’s expression darkened instantly. 
She glared at Ichika and thought that she was naive and stupid. 
“Ms. Minamoto, do you still not remember? I’ve reminded you many times that Mr. Akiyama is the president, and you’re just a lowly employee in the planning department. You have no right to speak to him directly,” Akiko scolded. 
“But…” Ichika said. 
“That’s enough. You can leave now. I won’t inform Mr. Akiyama about this matter for now. However, don’t let me see you here again.” Akiko did not give Ichika any chance to explain and scolded her sternly.
After that, she ignored Ichika and continued to focus on her work. 
Ichika did not know what to say. 
For a moment, she panicked and did not know what to do. As she stood there, her round face flushed red in distraught. 
I don’t want Akiyama to hate me. 
Therefore, she hugged the proposals to herself and decided to leave. 
When Akiko saw that Ichika was about to leave, a smirk appeared on her face. 
“That’s not right, Akiko. Mr. Akiyama did say that I could see him whenever I have any problems,” Ichika added. 
“What?” Akiko was startled. 
“Also, you have been rude to me more than once now. Akiko Sato, you’re becoming more and more impudent. What gives you the right to behave so arrogantly with me?” Ichika said sternly. 
Ichika was usually sweet and cute, but when she became stern, unwavering authority emanated from her, making her seem regal. No one dared to look down on her when she was like that. 
Akiko was rendered speechless. 
Her expression changed, and she quickly left her seat and came to Ichika. “Ms. Minamoto, I…” 
“Get out!” Ichika commanded. 
“What?”
“I order you to get out, didn’t you hear? From now on, wherever I am, you have to follow Jetroina’s rules of nobility strictly and never appear within my line of sight.” Ichika glared at Akiko sternly and refused to relent. 
Akiko’s face went completely pale. 
At this moment, Solomon suddenly returned to the office. 
The moment he opened the door, he immediately saw a tense scene before him and asked puzzledly, “What’s wrong?” 
Ichika turned to him and asked, “Mr. Akiyama, do you see me as a lowly employee who has no right to consult you?” 
###Chapter 1328
Chapter 1328
Chapter 1328 Reversal Of Right And Wrong 
Ichika spoke to Solomon directly. 
There was no room for Akiko to interrupt. 
Therefore, Akiko began to panic, and her face paled even further. 
“No, I don’t. Who told you that? I remember saying that since you’ve entered the company, you can look for me anytime if you have any questions,” Solomon answered with a frown. 
In an instant, the atmosphere in the office turned cold. The origin of the chill was none other than Ichika, who was so furious that a coldness seemed to emanate from the depth of her eyes. 
No one expected Ichika to be capable of expressing such a chilling gaze. 
“Akiko!” Ichika snapped angrily. 
“Ms. Minamoto!” Akiko immediately kneeled before Ichika. “I’m sorry, Ms. Minamoto! It’s all my fault. I shouldn’t have given you fake information regarding Mr. Akiyama’s wishes. I thought I was doing it for your sake so that Mr. Akiyama would have a better impression of you. I was wrong. Please forgive me, Ms. Minamoto!” 
Ichika did not expect Akiko to carry out such a countermeasure when she saw that her lie was about to fail. She admitted her mistakes and even kneeled to apologize humbly. 
Solomon still could not understand what was going on and was a little stunned.
Ichika remained standing on her spot, unable to voice a single complaint. She felt uncomfortable and awkward standing there. 
Furthermore, she had never seen a commoner behaving so outrageously. 
No servant dared to decide for their master in the Minamoto family. If a servant did that, they would be severely punished and chased out of the residence. 
Ichika was bursting with fury. “You… You’re too much! Who gives you the right to decide for me?” 
“Yes, yes, I was wrong, and I admit my mistake. No matter how you decide to punish me, I won’t hold it against you.” After saying that, Akiko prostrated herself on the floor. 
She looked like a slave begging for mercy. 
Solomon was rendered speechless. 
Suddenly, a scene appeared in his mind. 
It was a memory from when he was eighteen years old when Yancy brought him to the Tsurka family in Jetroina for the first time. At the time, to convince Yamada to let him stay and adopt him as his son, he had to kneel in a way that was almost as humiliating as what Akiko was doing now. 
Furthermore, after Yamada finally adopted him, he had to leave his room daily to kneel and bow to Yamada and his sons. 
He had to do that all the way until he graduated from university. Then, he left to carve his own path. 
Solomon’s pupils constricted, and he stared at Akiko prostrated on the floor and shouted without thinking, “Why are you prostrated before her? Are you her slave? Why do you have to prostrate before her like that?”
The office fell into complete silence. 
Ichika turned to him with a pale expression as tears quickly filled her almond-shaped eyes. 
“Mr. Akiyama, you…” Ichika was utterly dumbfounded. 
Her chest suddenly felt constricted. It felt so uncomfortable that it was painful to breathe. 
Solomon did not say anything. 
He stared at her for a second, but that was enough for Ichika to bury her face in her hands and run out of the office. 
Bang! 
The office door slammed shut, causing Solomon to tremble for a moment. 
What was I doing? How could I say something like that? Ichika is a noble lady. Isn’t it normal for Akiko to kneel before her? Have I gone mad again? 
“Mr. Akiyama, thank you for defending me just now, but Ms. Minamoto—” Akiko started to say. 
“Get out!” Solomon growled through gritted teeth. Even after he calmed down, his gaze remained murderous. 
His words instantly extinguished Akiko’s glee. She looked at him fearfully and did not dare to disobey him. Therefore, she stood up from the floor and walked out. 
Ever since Solomon’s mother died, Akiko believed she understood him better than anyone in this world. 
When Solomon came to Jetroina at eighteen years old, Akiko and the Sato family were working as servants for the Tsurka family.
Her elder brother, Ken, served Yamada since he was young. 
Meanwhile, her elder sister, Hanako, served Yancy ever since Yancy came to Jetroina. 
Only Akiko was not given any task due to her young age. Therefore, she followed by Hanako’s side. One day, the eighteen-year-old Solomon arrived in Jetroina. 
Thus, she knew how his life was all these years. 
She frequently heard from Yancy about how he was mistreated from a young age. Truthfully, Akiko never believed that Yancy was fit to be a mother. 
It was because Yancy frequently used Solomon as a bargaining chip since he was a child to gain money and benefits so that she could show off. 
She had never once cared about how much trauma and emotional damage that might cause to him. 
After realizing this fact at the time, Akiko hated Yancy and pitied Solomon. 
###Chapter 1329
Chapter 1329
Chapter 1329 No One Blames Her 
It was not her intention to tear his scars open. She had merely wanted to protect him. However, drastic changes happened all around her as time went by. 
Now, her protective feelings for him had changed. 
She no longer felt the need to protect him. Instead, they had mutated into an overwhelming desire to possess him. To her, he could only belong to her and no one else! 
Akiko left the company to find a news agency incognito and revealed Ichika had dashed out from the Hayes Corporation president’s office crying. 
Soon, the news was making waves. 
The entire Avenport community was in an uproar. Not long after, the news had spread to the entire nation, then overseas, including Jetroina. 
“What is Ichika doing? How could she do something like that to humiliate the family name there?” 
“Exactly. The entire Terrandya is talking about the Minamoto family now.” 
“Hmph!” 
The entire Minamoto family had gathered to ask for an explanation from Ichika’s father Giichi when they saw the news. 
Giichi had no choice but to call Ichika, who was in Avenport. 
“Ichika, what happened? What have you done to make the situation so terrible? All of Terrandya is laughing at the Minamoto family now. They’re saying we’re the ones who are throwing ourselves at
Yamada. You better have an explanation for all this!” 
Giichi’s strict words caused the only just calmed-down Ichika to plummet into a state of panic. 
How did the news even reach Terrandya? 
She instantly wiped the tears off her cheeks then reached for her phone to surf the web. 
The first thing she saw was her name plastered on every headline. Each of the headlines had large font and an exaggerated title to gain publicity. They said she was desperately clinging onto Hayes Corporation and refused to leave it, making her seem like a shameless person. 
Desperately clinging and refusing to leave? 
The news was another blow to the already battered Ichika. The rim of her eyes turned red from anger. 
Stumbling upon one of the videos, she clicked play. 
She saw herself rushing out of Solomon’s office. The video seemed to have been recorded secretly. 
I’m a daughter of the Minamoto family. How can anybody take a video of me secretly? Not to mention it was uploaded online almost instantly! 
Anger poured through her at the thought. 
She stood up determinedly, suppressing the grievance she felt earlier, then left the hotel and took a taxi to Hayes Corporation. 
Meanwhile, all of Hayes Corporation’s employees were also discussing the news. 
However, no one looked into who recorded the video. That was because everyone knew all the reporters had been camping out front of the building, fighting over who got the first scoop ever since Ichika entered
Hayes Corporation. 
Hence, no one had the slightest inkling of suspicion that there was a chance it wasn’t the reporters’ doings. 
When Ichika arrived at Hayes Corporation, the rims of her eyes were still red while her round face still showed evidence of her crying. 
However, she didn’t care about looking like a bullied doll. She merely headed to the elevator with determined steps. 
“Ichika does look quite pitiful like that.” 
“Right, I think so too. I was in her company these past few days. She didn’t seem anything like the calculating person the news made her out to be.” 
“Agree. She’s a friendly girl who always greets us first. The way we’re treating her now isn’t right.” 
“Yes, so stop laughing.” 
“I’ll go check on her.” 
Nobody could have thought that within a few minutes of Ichika’s return, the employees in the building would stop blaming her. They didn’t have the heart to after seeing her doing her best to suppress her tears despite how angry and sad she was. 
Some even took the initiative to ask her how she was doing. 
And so, Ichika wiped her tears after finally waiting for the elevator doors to slide close. 
Suddenly, the doors slid open again, and a female employee entered the small space.
“Ichika?” 
“H-Hi…” 
Ichika spun around swiftly and wiped her tears dry awkwardly. 
The employee felt bad for Ichika after catching her looking so lost. 
“Ichika, don’t be scared. You must be on your way to see Mr. George, right? Don’t worry. I’ll accompany you there.” 
“Huh?” 
Ichika was surprised by the sudden friendliness. 
No, I actually wasn’t on my way to see him. I was going to investigate the video. 
However, she was thankful to this kind person who was willing to help her. She was surprised because she had thought everyone would dislike her after this incident, thinking she was a sticky bubble gum who clung persistently to Solomon. 
“Don’t you all hate me?” 
“What’s there to hate? We all like you. I want to accompany you there so that you won’t get bullied by Mr. George. Don’t worry. I’ll still help you even if I lose this job.” 
The employee even pumped her fist determinedly. 
Ichika didn’t know what to say. 
Feeling touched, the tears she had suppressed welled up again and flowed from her reddened eyes.
“No, I’m not looking for Mr. Akiyama. I’m investigating the video. I want to know who uploaded it.” 
“Huh?” 
The employee was baffled by Ichika’s correction. 
“The video? Wasn’t it the reporters who secretly recorded it?” 
“Reporters?” Ichika dabbed at her red eyes. “It wasn’t them. The video wouldn’t have been so clear if the reporters were the ones who had recorded it. Also, angle-wise, it was shot from the president’s office area and wasn’t from outside the window or some hidden corner.” 
Wow! This girl is amazing! 
###Chapter 1330
Chapter 1330
Chapter 1330 The Outcome Is Death 
There was a tinge of brittleness in Ichika’s usual chirpy voice as she explained. 
Yet she had explained distinctly about her findings on the secretly recorded video. Her detailed observation and extensive knowledge of videography were impressive. 
The employee was stunned. 
This girl is good! Merely a glimpse of the video, and she already has it analyzed to every little detail. 
The employee was thoroughly impressed. 
The other employees working in the president’s office were bewildered by the appearance of Ichika since it was a sensitive time for her. Hence, the moment Ichika stepped into the office, everyone’s eyes were on her. 
“Ms. Minamoto, you—” 
“Everyone stay silent. Our Ichika has a mystery to solve.” 
The female employee accompanying Ichika hushed the rest. 
And so, under the scrutiny of the rest of the employees, Ichika stood there scanning the office. They were surprised to see the young woman wearing a determined and solemn expression on her face. 
Ichika had a few positions in mind judging from the angle of the video. She walked to each position to verify her suspicion. 
This one is not quite right. 
This second one doesn’t really fit the bill either.
She hit the jackpot at the third position. She even posed as though she was recording a video from that angle. 
“It’s here!” 
Once she confirmed that the spot was correct, she spun around to glance at the work desk behind her. 
The rest of the employees were shocked when they saw her location. 
“Isn’t that Mr. Luke’s desk?” 
“That’s right. Ms. Minamoto, that’s Mr. Luke’s desk!” 
Everyone was telling and reminding Ichika simultaneously. 
However, Ichika wasn’t listening to any of them. Instead, she was searching Luke’s desk. Soon after, she found a camera in the drawer. 
Oh my god! 
The entire office was in an uproar. 
At that moment, Akiko finally returned from an offsite errand. 
The moment she stepped into the office and saw the scene, her face paled. She immediately crossed the office to Ichika. 
“Ms. Minamoto, what are you doing? How could you touch other’s things without the owner’s consent?” 
Crash! 
The camera in Ichika’s hand fell onto the floor with a well-placed smack from Akiko.
Everyone was stunned by Akiko’s over-the-top reaction. Everything had happened so quickly that none of them could grasp the situation. They were pondering what the two women were doing. 
Ichika stared at the camera that had smashed into pieces upon contact with the floor. By the looks of it, it couldn’t be used anymore. She shifted her gaze from the fallen camera and focused it on Akiko. 
At that point, Luke came over after hearing all the commotion. 
“What’s this?” 
He was dumbfounded at the entire scene. Anger surged through him when his gaze landed on the camera on the floor. 
Who the f**k did this? 
I can’t even explain myself at this point. How can anyone believe my words when the evidence is so damning? 
“Ms. Minamoto, I—” 
“Calm down, Mr. Luke. I know you didn’t do this. Can you do me a favor and bring Mr. Akiyama here?” 
He was surprised by her request. 
She hadn’t blamed or accused him of being the perpetrator. 
Instead, she requested him to bring Solomon over. 
Luke stood there in a daze, blinking in disbelief for a while. Soon snapping out of his thoughts, he left the office again to bring Solomon over. 
“What’s wrong? What happened? Why is everyone here?”
Solomon tried to grasp the situation after having arrived at the scene. 
Pushing the office door open, the first thing he saw was the entire office staff standing there, gawking. He was not happy about that. 
Soon, a petite woman squeezed through the crowd and rushed toward him. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Akiyama. I know our earlier meeting didn’t end on a happy note, but because of that, someone spread a nasty rumor on the Internet. My family has now become the butt of every joke in Terrandya.” 
“What?” 
Solomon narrowed his eyes. 
“Who did it? I was in a meeting earlier, so I wasn’t aware of the news.” 
Ichika nodded her head immediately. “I understand. Hence, the reason for me asking you to come here is to act as a witness to see whether I have done something to disgrace the Minamoto family name.” 
Then, she pointed toward the broken camera on the floor. 
Solomon questioned, “What’s that?” 
Ichika answered, “This is a camera, which Akiko smacked from my hands just now. It’s broken, but that’s fine. Now let me show you the perpetrator who did all this to me.” 
She then picked the camera up from the floor under everyone’s scrutiny. 
What is she trying to do? 
Everyone simply stared in confusion.
Ichika set the camera on the desk, then took out a piece of cling film and wrapped the camera with it. Finally, she unwound the cling film, setting it flat on the desk, and poured a liquid she had brought with her onto the film. 
Shortly after, an astonishing scene unfolded before the crowd’s amazed gaze. Many distinctive fingerprints emerged on the cling film. 
“What is this?” 
“Mr. Akiyama, please be patient. Let me input it into the system and have a quick cross-check against Jetroina’s system,” informed Ichika calmly. 
She took some photos of the fingerprints, fired up her computer then swiftly hacked into Jetroina’s security system. Then, she uploaded the fingerprints. 
Within three minutes, the results were out. One of the prints belonged to Ichika, while the others all belonged to Akiko. 
The entire room fell into a dead silence. 
In actuality, for someone of Ichika’s status to crush Akiko was as easy as a flick of the fingers.
###Chapter 1331
Chapter 1331
Chapter 1331 Complete Reveal 
“No, it wasn’t me! I touched the camera a while ago, so that was why my fingerprints were on it. It’s not weird for my prints to be there; they should be there! Even Ms. Minamoto’s prints are there!” 
Akiko was still trying to deny her involvement even at that moment. 
He’s turned a blind eye to all the bad deeds I’ve done before, so maybe this time he will do the same. 
With that thought in mind, she assumed things would be the same this time around. And so, she persistently denied her involvement. 
“Mr. Akiyama, you have to trust me!” 
She turned to gaze at him pitifully. 
As expected, he merely stared at her indifferently. The anticipation and passion within Ichika’s eyes dimmed as she watched their interaction from the side. 
Could it be that Mr. Akiyama believes her? 
“Mr. Akiyama—” 
“I have another method to prove it even if you don’t admit it. Luke, get the tapes for the security footage in this office.” 
Solomon finally spoke in a monotonous tone. He merely stood there and ordered with a deadpan expression. 
The light returned to Ichika’s eyes in record time at his words while something in Akiko’s mind snapped.
Even her body was slightly swaying from his cruel words. 
Does he not trust me anymore? 
No, that can’t be. He must have said that to convince the crowd. 
Fine then, I’ll prove to him that I’m not the perpetrator. 
She stood there waiting while wringing her fingers. 
Soon, Luke brought the head of security and the security footage over. Everyone turned their attention to the LED screen hanging on the wall. 
After fast-forwarding the footage, there were no signs of Akiko going near Luke’s desk. 
The footage showed no signs of tampering either. 
Maybe it really wasn’t her? 
Everyone turned to Akiko curiously. Seeing the doubt in their eyes, the anger within Ichika brought her close to tears. “No. There’s no way. My fingerprint analysis can’t be wrong. I’ve learned forensic science before!” 
“Ms. Minamoto, so what if you’ve learned forensics previously? You’re not an actual forensic science technician, so how can we be sure your assessment is accurate?” 
“You—” 
“All right. Stop fighting. Luke, get the security footage from my office as well.” 
Solomon cut their argument off harshly then ordered Luke to get another copy of security footage.
There’s a security camera in the president’s office? 
Everyone’s eyes were wide with disbelief as they gazed at Solomon. 
Everyone in that office knew there hadn’t been any security cameras set up in that office when Mr. Hayes was still around. He had a distinct hatred for the invasion of his privacy. 
Also, he was the boss, so there was no reason for him to set one up. 
However, Luke still followed through with Solomon’s order. 
Not long after, he came out again with a security tape to everyone’s shock. 
The people present were stunned. 
As for Akiko, her arrogant confidence a while ago had vanished, and her face paled at the tape in Luke’s hand. 
The footage was played on the LED screen. 
Thus, on that fateful afternoon, everyone witnessed the actual scene of Ichika searching for Solomon, including how she initially came because she wanted to ask Solomon to teach her. Then, they saw how Akiko scolded, threatened, and intimidated her before Ichika finally fought back in the end. 
Akiko was like an Oscar-winning actress. She quickly knelt in front of Ichika before Solomon got mad. However, her actions still drew his wrath in the end. 
“F**k! She’s such a b**ch.” 
“Just what I wanted to say!”
Everyone couldn’t take it anymore and started cussing and scolding Akiko right to her face. 
Akiko’s face paled even further. 
However, they didn’t stop their cussing because they witnessed how the netizens had mocked Ichika on the Internet with their own two eyes. The female employee who accompanied Ichika up finally understood the entire situation. 
She didn’t hold back her anger. “Mr. George, your secretary is terrible! She’s like one of the b**ches from those cheesy dramas. She acts one way in front of you and another way behind your back. Did she take Ichika for a doormat she could walk all over?” 
“Exactly! I was saying Ichika would never do such a thing.” 
“F**k! I have never seen such a vicious woman in my entire life.” 
Everyone was busy cussing Akiko out. 
Yet Solomon merely continued to watch the footage silently. 
Consequently, everyone was stunned yet again at the end when they saw Akiko place something tiny on top of the stack of documents she took from Solomon’s desk. 
Thus, when Luke received the documents, he stuffed them into his drawer without a second thought. 
That was how the tiny black thing became stuck to the top of the drawer. 
What the h*ll! 
Everyone’s anger reached its limit that day.
###Chapter 1332
Chapter 1332
Chapter 1332 Some People Are Born Evil 
Everyone was speechless at the entire situation. As for Akiko, she collapsed to the floor in defeat when she saw the scene. 
“Mr. Akiyama, I-I was wrong… P-Please forgive me…” she begged as she knelt on the floor. 
Solomon was reminded of something as his mind churned. 
He realized he had overlooked something even more terrifying. 
“Bring her inside!” he ordered like a tyrant from hell. 
Immediately, Akiko’s face drained of all color. 
She lifted her head with fear but noticed he had gone into his office already. The head of security instantly grabbed her arm and dragged her in. 
Bang! 
The door slammed shut behind them. 
What would happen inside? 
Everyone, including Ichika, was curious. 
However, she couldn’t do anything with the door closed, so she merely waited outside. Meanwhile, there was only tense silence within Solomon’s office. 
“Speak. What else have you done?” 
Solomon undid his cuff links as he glanced at Akiko on the floor.
His voice, at that point, was horrifying. 
His actions were filled with murderous intent. 
She was reminded of the days before he became Hayes Corporation’s president. He would be laughing, talking business one minute, then killing them the next. 
Akiko shuddered at the thought. 
“Mr. A-Akiyama, I didn’t do it intentionally. I o-only did that one thing. I-I didn’t want you to marry Ms. Minamoto. That was it. I-I just didn’t want to be her slave in the future…” 
She had found yet another excuse for herself. 
A person used to lying would easily find an excuse to avoid the blame. 
Solomon merely kept silent. 
Once the cuffs of his sleeves were undone and rolled up to his elbows, he pulled a chair from the coffee table over to her. 
“M-Mr. Akiyama…” 
“Do you know how that middle-aged woman’s head bled that night when I smashed a chair against her? Oh right. You saw everything, didn’t you?” 
Solomon lifted the chair over his head. 
Bang! 
“Ah!”
Akiko let out a blood-curling scream as the chair was smashed into pieces. 
Her hands flew to her head, and almost immediately, blood started to seep from between her fingers, dripping onto the floor. It was the same scene as when Solomon had hit that middle-aged woman in the nightclub that night. 
Was it cruel? 
No. Not in the slightest. 
She was the one who set him up in the first place, causing that middle-aged woman to give her life up for the 500 thousand promised her. 
Solomon raised the ashtray on the coffee table next. 
The second item he tossed toward that middle-aged woman was an ashtray, if his memory didn’t fail him. 
“No!” Akiko began yelling, seeing his motion while covering her bleeding head. “Please don’t! Mr. Akiyama, I was wrong. Please let me go. I beg of you. I’ll talk. I’ll tell you everything!” 
She crawled toward him like a dog and promised to tell him everything frantically as she grabbed onto his pants leg. 
Solomon set the ashtray down. 
“I-I hadn’t wanted to hurt anyone initially. I felt insecure when Ichika came as I was scared of losing you. I was scared she would take my place, so I set my sights on Sabrina.” 
“Sabrina?”
“Yes. She’s been matchmaking the two of you from the start and hates me. Didn’t she even ask you to send me back to Jetroina when she was in the office the other day?” 
She was bawling as she recalled her past deeds, but there was still resentment in her eyes. 
Pure fear and panic had struck her that day when Sabrina had asked Solomon to send her back to Jetroina. 
There was no one else in the Sato family she could go back to. 
Yamada wasn’t under the spotlight anymore, which left his two sons. And at that time, she, Ken, and Hanako received their orders directly from Yancy. 
Yancy was the woman Yamada brought back from outside. 
As such, Yamada’s sons didn’t have a good relationship with Yancy. Would they have let Akiko stay if she had gone back then? 
Hence, at that time, all she felt was pure terror. 
“To stop Sabrina from interfering, I could only send her back to Jadeborough. That’s why I had that woman kidnap her child. I didn’t want to hurt the child, Mr. Akiyama. I merely wanted to scare Sabrina a bit…” 
She sobbed as she explained. 
Scare Sabrina? 
What? By snatching her one-year-old daughter? 
She even fed her some drug!
Solomon’s eyes turned red at the thought.
###Chapter 1333
Chapter 1333
Returning from the Dead: His Secret Lover Chapter 1333 
“You don’t feel ashamed of yourself, do you? You’re just like your brother and your sister! Ken killed my father, an old man in his seventies, right in front of my eyes! As for Hanako, she’s worse! She’s so sick she even wanted to cut off Sasha’s face for herself. Just what is wrong with you Satos? Violence runs in your blood, and you don’t even realize you’re in the wrong.” 
Solomon was incensed. He could not hold it in any longer. He glared at the woman who was clinging onto his leg and booted her with all his might, sending her flying away. 
“Ah!” 
Akiko cried out in pain. 
The impact was so great she could not even get up. 
No… That isn’t true! I’m not like Ken and Hanako! Solomon would not have kept me by his side if I were the same as them! 
Akiko wanted to get back on her feet again and beg Solomon to spare her life, but she knew deep in her heart there was already no changing his mind. 
She knew all hope was gone when Solomon went straight to his office table and took up the phone, getting ready to call the police so he could hand her over on the grounds of murder. 
Akiko was devastated. 
“Solomon George! How could you be so heartless? Our whole family died because of your mother. As for me, I never once did anything wrong against you before Ichika came. I stayed by your side and
devoted my heart and soul to you without expecting anything in return. How could you overlook everything I did for you?” 
Akiko cried her heart out and wailed. 
She felt resentful and hurt. 
Solomon picked up the receiver and got ready to dial a series of numbers. He initially did not want to respond to Akiko’s lambasting, but he eventually turned around and cast his cold stare at her. 
“You said you don’t expect anything in return? What are you doing right now then? Isn’t it your goal to become the wife of the president of Hayes Corporation?” 
Akiko was left speechless. 
“Also, I hope you’ll get this through your head. I’ll never spare anyone who knows my secret. I’ll see to it that they see their graves. My mom died, and so did your brother. Now that you’re using this as leverage to provoke me, do you think you’ll end up any different from them? Akiko Sato, there’s only one ending for you—death.” 
Solomon spelled her final sentence without the slightest emotion in his voice. 
Turning back to the phone, he made a call to the precinct. 
Behind him, Akiko bawled her eyes out, crying. 
She screamed at the cruelty of life. In her desperation, she crawled from where she was and opened her bloody mouth wide, wanting to bite Solomon with her remaining strength. 
Solomon dodged her attack agilely, but he caught a glimpse of her mouth filled with blood when he jumped aside.
The gory scene triggered an overwhelming memory of the past. Solomon narrowed his eyes at the traumatizing sight. 
It reminded him of something that happened when he was young. Back then, someone actually bit off a piece of his flesh on his arm. 
This set off a defensive knee-jerk reaction. He instinctively grabbed the very first sharp within reach on the table and swung it at Akiko. 
Schlick! 
The sliced across her neck, and blood came gushing out. 
Akiko faltered and stumbled, breathing her last. “Solomon George… You’ll never get what you want even if I die… You’ll never get together with Ichika… Never… You’re crazy… You’ll be cursed forever…” 
Solomon was completely disgusted by the dying woman. 
“You savage b*tch!” 
Slam! Ichika finally came in. She dashed over, did a swing, and kicked Akiko with all her strength to make sure she stayed away from Solomon. 
As a daughter of a noble family, she was well-trained in Taekwondo. That was fundamental to their education. 
The momentum sent Akiko slamming against the wall before she finally dropped dead. 
People outside the office rushed in at the commotion. Their faces paled when they saw the blood all over the office.
Ichika regained her composure and quickly realized Solomon was not himself. She hurried over to where he was leaning against the office table to check on him. 
“Are you okay, Mr. Akiyama?” 
Solomon did not respond. 
There was fear and panic in his bloodshot eyes. He could not even focus his gaze on her. 
Despite being young, Ichika was able to handle the situation calmly. She inhaled deeply and told herself to think clearly. She reached out her hands toward Solomon and caught his shaking ones. 
She looked around the room and fixed her gaze on Luke, who had just entered the office. “Mr. Luke, could you call Sabrina… or Mr. Hayes? Yes, call Mr. Hayes in Jetroina!” 
Ichiko was actually feeling quite frantic herself. Fortunately, she still managed to think of calling Sebastian in an emergency like this. 
Over on the other side, Sebastian, who had been waiting for Sasha’s first test results, got a call from the company. 
“What? Solomon killed someone at the office?” 
Sebastian was shaken to the core upon hearing the news. 
Luke filled him in quickly on all that happened. The assistant was clueless on what should be their next course of action. “What should we do, Mr. Hayes? Everything is in a mess here. The executives are all here now. Things will get really bad if the news gets out. The shareholders and journalists will milk this to the full.”
“Are you stupid? Lock the door and make sure no one gets out!” Sebastian shouted into the phone. “Make sure no one gets out of the president’s office. Wait, no, make sure no one gets out from the company. I don’t want anyone saying a single thing. Warn them that the company will take legal action if anything gets out. Also, make sure the company’s top management is in alignment with the company’s policy on this issue. As for Solomon, he’s clearly not in his right mind, so get him a psychologist. He needs one now!” 
In the end, Sebastian was still someone who had been through a lot. 
He was able to come up with a solution within a matter of seconds after hearing about the news. 
Regardless, his heart sank when he spoke his last two sentences as he was sure the worst had yet to come.
###Chapter 1334
Chapter 1334
Chapter 1334 The Light 
The psychologist Luke contacted was Dr. Kaye. 
She used to be Sasha’s teacher, but she had just retired not long ago. 
She had returned to Avenport a year ago after her retirement. Now that she had no more commitments, Luke figured she would be the best candidate for the job. Yet little did he know, Dr. Kaye actually knew Solomon before this. 
She used to be best friends with Heather, and since the latter adopted Solomon, Dr. Kaye knew him since he was a kid. 
Back when Solomon was young, she had always attended to him whenever he fell ill. 
The old doctor was brought over in secret to the topmost floor of Hayes Corporation. She felt pity for the young man and sighed when she saw him again. He was resting on the couch, curled into a ball like a little boy. His eyes were closed tightly on his pale face, as if he had yet to come to terms with the trauma. 
“Poor Solomon. Things must have been tough for him.” 
Everyone looked down in silence upon the doctor’s words. 
Ichika, who had been beside Solomon all this while, whipped her curious head toward the old woman when she heard her. 
“What do you mean by that, Dr. Kaye? Did something happen to him before this?” 
Young, she may be, but Ichika was able to tell there was more to what she knew about Solomon.
Dr. Kaye nodded her head and walked over to check on Solomon. “Little Bean?” 
Little Bean? 
Did she just call a grown-up “Little Bean?” 
He’s Hayes Corporation’s president! 
Everyone fell into an awkward silence. 
Even Ichika looked at the doctor in disbelief. 
To everyone’s surprise, Solomon responded to that term of endearment. Solomon was known for being a lofty man. Sometimes, he would even ignore his colleagues and Ichika when they called him. 
He had not moved ever since he came over to the couch, but when he heard that name, he opened his eyes immediately. Solomon turned around slowly, pinning his gaze on the person who called out to him. 
“You’re… Dr. Kaye?” 
“Yeah, it’s me, Solomon. The last time I saw you was when Ms. Blackwood brought you to see me for a health check. When was it again? Before you went to university? It’s been a long time, hasn’t it?” 
Dr. Kaye flashed him a familiar and gentle smile. For a moment, Solomon felt he had traveled back in time to years ago when he last saw the doctor. 
That was a long time ago. 
This brought back fond memories. The man, who had been curled up on the couch, looked at the woman who was smiling at him warmly and finally felt he could let down his guard.
Life seemed so good ten years ago. That was his happiest moment—the most blissful moment of his life. 
It warmed his heart, reminiscing about that phase of his life. 
The old lady looked at Solomon and her smile widened. “Do you remember now?” 
“Yes…” 
Solomon’s voice was hoarse after keeping silent for so long. 
Everyone around him was relieved to see that Solomon had finally come around. 
Ichika was especially agitated. She leaned closer and took a good look at Solomon. “Are you all right, Mr. Akiyama?” 
Everyone could tell from the young woman’s sweet voice and concerned face that she cared deeply for Solomon. She sounded over the moon when Solomon finally opened up to someone, yet no one expected Solomon’s reaction when he saw her. 
His face darkened even before she could finish the sentence. 
He glared at her and shouted, “Get out!” 
Solomon’s severe tone gave her a jolt. 
She jerked when he suddenly raised his voice. Incipient tears welled up in her almond-shaped eyes and she looked like she was about to cry. 
“Mr. Akiyama…”
Luke stepped forward and tugged on the young woman when he sensed things were going out of control. “I think it’s best we leave first, Ms. Minamoto.” 
He caught her by the arm and pulled her out of the room. 
Everyone else followed suit. Soon enough, the room fell back into total silence. 
People at the company were curious about what happened after that since there was dead silence for the rest of the day. Yet despite finding it odd, they were relieved that nothing else major happened after that. 
The only minor hiccup was that Luke had to appease Ichika and explain to her that leaving Solomon alone with the doctor was the best solution after they got out of the office. 
The young woman came to terms with it and waited obediently outside the room for the whole afternoon. 
When evening came, Sabrina arrived from Jadeborough. She had rushed over the moment she found out what took place. Upon reaching, she hurried over to the president’s office but was stopped at the door. 
“What’s going on? Didn’t the doctor come? I thought they already sent for the best psychologist in Jadeborough? Is there a problem?” 
Sabrina had gotten all the updates from Sebastian while she was making her way to the company. When she saw the door was shut, she showered the people outside with a litany of questions because she thought everything should be back to normal by now. 
Ichika stood up and explained everything to calm her down.
“Don’t worry about it, Sabrina. The doctor is already inside. She knows Mr. Akiyama. He’ll be okay.” 
“I see… That’s great.” 
Sabrina could finally heave a sigh of relief. 
After about two hours, everyone got off work at the company when night fell. At last, the door to the president’s office swung open. 
“How are you feeling, Solomon?” 
“Are you okay, Mr. Akiyama?” 
“Mr. George…” 
Those who had been waiting outside all this while were worried sick when they saw Solomon again, but seeing him in person dispelled all concern they had. 
When Solomon appeared again, he had freshened up and was looking his best in his suit and gold- frame glasses. He had returned to his normal self as if nothing had happened at all. 
“I’m fine. Sorry for putting all of you through this. You all should call it a day and go home to rest.” 
He spoke evenly to them and nodded slightly. 
Everyone rested easy when they finally felt assured. Ichika smiled the brightest when she got to see Solomon again.
###Chapter 1335
Chapter 1335
Chapter 1335 Jealousy 
The people outside Solomon’s office, including Ichika, went home about ten minutes later. Sabrina stayed back and waited at the company’s main entrance to talk to Solomon. 
“Do you want to take some time off? Go to Jetroina, maybe?” 
“No thanks.” 
Solomon already had one leg in his car when he replied to her curtly. 
Sabrina looked at him quietly as he got into his car and drove off. 
She went toward her car right after and took out her phone to text her brother in Jetroina. 
I just saw him. He looks much better after seeing Dr. Kaye. I asked him to take a break but he outright said no. 
On the other side, Sebastian was not that surprised when he saw Sabrina’s message. He knew Solomon would behave like this. 
Besides, Dr. Kaye had contacted him earlier. She had sent him Solomon’s health report after having a session with him. 
He wondered if Solomon’s childhood trauma was the trigger that made him do what he did, but he had no time to dwell on that question because there was someone else he needed to tend to. 
The bandage around Sasha’s eyes was removed in the evening. Her vision was still blurred, but she could see vague outlines of people moving around her. She turned toward the direction of the sound when she heard someone moving around.
What is he doing? Is he making me food? 
She squinted her eyes, trying to focus her vision. It seemed to her that the man was busy making something with his head low and his hands working assiduously, so she waited patiently. 
As she expected, the person soon approached. He did not speak but held out something toward her. She felt something cold and sweet touching her lips. 
“What is this? Chilled peach?” 
Her clear eyes lit up in excitement when she saw Sebastian nodding his head. 
“You’ve always wanted peaches, haven’t you? You even threw a fit when you were still going through your treatment because I didn’t let you have it.” Speaking, Sebastian took some cut peaches with a spoon and put them near her mouth. 
Sasha smiled in embarrassment at recalling that incident. She quickly opened her mouth and ate the sweet peaches. 
She had no idea what had gotten into her two days ago. She just felt an insatiable craving for something cold and sweet. She even got angry with Sebastian when he refused to let her have it. 
Now that she thought about it, it was unreasonable of her to lash out at him. 
They started talking about Solomon after Sasha finished her chilled peaches. 
“According to Dr. Kaye, Solomon was covered in wounds when your mother picked him up at the train station. There were cigarette burns and knife scars all over him. The most painful one, she said, was the wound on his arm. Someone bit off one whole piece of flesh.”
Sasha gulped at the sound of the atrocities committed against Solomon. She almost vomited out the peaches she just had. 
Burn marks and knife scars? Someone even bit him? 
Wait… He was only eight when his mother faked her own death and had him sent to us, right? 
He was just eight… 
Glints of anger shone in Sasha’s eyes. She clenched her fists so hard red marks started appearing on her palms. 
“Yancy Young, that evil b*tch! She’s an animal! How could she do that to her own child? He was only eight!” 
Sasha was distressed when she learned about the truth. Tears rolled in her eyes when she thought about Solomon going through all that pain. 
Her reaction was understandable. 
Although Solomon was not related to her by blood, Sasha was a mother herself. Making a child go through so much hurt and pain was simply unimaginable to her. 
Her own children were just a year older than Solomon when he had to go through all that harrowing suffering. Her children’s lives were so much better compared to his. 
Likewise, Sebastian was disconcerted when he found out what had happened to Solomon. 
He almost threw his phone away in anger when he first heard about it, but he told himself that Yancy had already paid for her sins when she died. 
They ended her life. This, in a way, was a form of retribution for her.
The only thing left for them to do now was to make sure that the person she hurt and tortured was compensated. They had to make sure Solomon lived the rest of his life to the fullest, enjoying every moment knowing he was loved. 
Sebastian took out his handkerchief and wiped away Sasha’s tears. 
“Come on, don’t cry. You just had eye surgery. You’re not supposed to tear up too much.” 
“But this is just so infuriating!” 
“I know, but you don’t have to worry. I’ve arranged for the best doctors to help him get through this. The fact that he refused to leave Hayes Corporation means he still doesn’t want to face his trauma head-on. We should give him some time and just arrange for Sabrina to stay by his side,” Sebastian explained his plan. 
Sabrina? 
Sasha was not fully comforted to hear that. Sabrina could be a little thoughtless sometimes. 
Sebastian spotted her expression. “Well, you can call him if you’re worried. I won’t mind,” he said in a detached tone. 
Sasha looked at him from the corner of her eyes. Things suddenly became tense. Sasha wiped her tears, thinking about what she should say next. 
He must be angry. I’d better not do anything right now. 
She dipped her head and continued eating. 
Karl came in after half an hour.
“Mr. Hayes, we’ve found the people who abused Mr. Solomon all those years ago. Should we bring them to Avenport?” 
“Ask Haruto what he thinks.” 
Sebastian decided to let that man have the final say. 
Sasha looked up in horror when she heard Sebastian.
###Chapter 1336
Chapter 1336
Chapter 1336 Meeting Some Old Friends 
“What do you think you’re doing?” she asked nervously. 
“Don’t worry, Mrs. Hayes. Mr. Hayes will not just sit around and watch. He had already come up with a plan with Dr. Shoki before you woke up.” 
Karl spoke with an assuring smile before Sebastian could answer and left right after. 
Sebastian had entrusted the whole thing to Karl. 
As for the company, Sebastian had made proper arrangements as well. Sabrina would return to the company as the vice president. She would step in and aid Solomon in leading the company when he was going through therapy. 
Interestingly, Solomon dismissed Sabrina’s offer to help blatantly, but when Sebastian made such an arrangement, Solomon simply accepted it without even putting up a fight. 
He even gave his full cooperation to Karl when he came over. 
Sasha, who was far away in Jetroina, was relieved to learn that Solomon was being cooperative. 
As for Sasha herself, her treatment went smoothly and she saw marked improvement. Her vision got better and her nose was no longer bleeding. Her skin also appeared healthier. 
“I really think I’ll be back to normal soon, Sebby.” 
Over in the ward, Sasha looked at herself in the mirror and smiled in satisfaction. Her skin had become smooth and fair again. She ran toward Sebastian in a thrill, eager to share her joy with him. 
Sebastian was making her breakfast when he heard her rambling on chirpily.
He was relieved and pleased to see her so cheerful. 
“I’m glad you’re making improvements. Can’t wait to get out and have some fun already, I reckon?” 
“Can I?” 
Sebastian read her like an open book. Since he knew what was on her mind, Sasha jumped over happily and wrapped her arms around his waist. She buried her head in his chest and looked up at him with puppy eyes. 
Sebastian found the sight rather amusing. 
Sasha was acting like a child. This reminded him of their daughter. 
He figured Sasha must have wanted to get a breath of fresh air badly. After all, she had been here for months and had not set foot outdoors throughout. She must be so bored. 
Sebastian decided to bring her out. 
Haruto did not stop them when he heard they wanted to head out. He simply reminded them to make sure that Sasha did not get any scratches or cuts on her skin. 
He pointed out that she was still recuperating. The medication was still working in her system to fight off the bacteria. The last thing they would want was the introduction of new bacteria in the case of an open wound. 
This could lead to unimaginable consequences. 
Sebastian almost changed his mind when the doctor told him of the possibility of reinfection. 
He did not want to put Sasha through the risk, but when he saw Sasha back at the ward again, he simply could not bring himself to turn her down.
She had already put on her prettiest clothes waiting for him in all eagerness. 
“What did Dr. Shoki say? Can we go out now?” 
“He didn’t say much… He just asked you to be extra careful so you don’t get hurt again,” Sebastian said casually. 
He took out his keys and held her hand before both of them headed out. 
After about half an hour, they stopped at a park near the hospital. Sebastian got out of the car first and went over to open the door for Sasha. He then grabbed her hand and led her out of the car. 
Sasha smiled subtly when she looked out of the car. 
Didn’t he say we’re going to the mall? Why are we here at a park? This is no different from the garden at the hospital! 
Sasha did not know what else to say. 
Knowing how thoughtful Sebastian had always been, Sasha just went along with his plan. She let him hold her hand and went on a brief walk along the path with him. 
“I believe this is our first time taking a stroll hand in hand, Sebby?” 
“Yeah.” 
Sebastian realized it was their first even before Sasha asked. 
That was why he slowed down his pace on purpose so they could enjoy the moment. 
For his whole life, he had worked like a busy bee. First, it was at Hayes Corporation. Then, since he joined the Jadeson family, he dedicated all his time to the family.
Never once had he taken a real break from his work and commitments, and for the first time, he felt he was finally able to savor the moment. He loved spending time with Sasha. 
He felt this was the life he truly wanted. 
Not long after they started their walk, they bumped into an unexpected person. 
“Trevor?” 
Sebastian was surprised to see the old man was pushing a wheelchair. 
Sasha was equally astonished to see the man. 
Trevor had aged a lot over time. His hair was white and he had lost a lot of weight, but these were not why Sebastian and Sasha were shocked. 
They could not believe their eyes when they saw the unhealthy and scrawny woman sitting in the wheelchair he was pushing. She was looking at the sky blankly, her lips moving in inaudible mutters. 
Wait… Isn’t that… Roxanne? 
The old man seemed to have sensed the pair of burning gazes directed toward him. He looked over and was stunned. “Sebastian…?” He finally spoke after a short silence. 
Sebastian nodded. 
“We happened to be around, so we came for a walk. What happened to Roxanne?” he asked, looking at the woman in the wheelchair. 
His grip tightened around Sasha’s hand unconsciously as he pulled her back and stood in front of her.
Sebastian’s reaction was so quick it was as if it was a reflex. Subconsciously, he perceived Roxanne and Trevor as threats even when they did not mean harm, and the first thing that came to his mind was to protect Sasha. 
A bitter smile spread on Trevor’s face when he spotted Sebastian’s reaction. 
He took a quick look at his daughter and assured the man, “Don’t worry. She won’t do any harm now. She almost lost her mind after she found out about what happened. She threw herself into work and started finding a cure for the poison. An explosion happened at her lab while she was working. She survived the impact, but she’s been like this ever since.” 
The air became still all of a sudden.
###Chapter 1337
Chapter 1337
Chapter 1337 As Cruel As Always 
Is this really Roxanne? I can’t believe this… 
Is this why she seemed to have disappeared from the surface of the earth for such a long time? That must be it; else she would have done something when I was at the Jadeson residence. I was wondering why such a dramatic and neurotic person would just sit aside and do nothing. 
Thoughts ran through Sasha’s mind as she looked at the sickly woman. 
Beside her, Sebastian simply replied, “I see.” 
Sasha looked at him when she heard his crude answer. 
Seriously? The old man just told us something tragic. Do you have to be so insensitive? Roxanne was hurt because of you. 
Sasha was not the only one who was displeased. Trevor was equally upset about Sebastian’s attitude. 
“Is that it, Sebastian? You’re not going to say anything else? Don’t you know Roxanne is like this because of you? Shouldn’t you at least be appreciative for all she did for you?” 
“Let me set you straight. First, I didn’t ask her to find a cure for me. Second, I have no idea what her motive was in doing so. God knows if she really wanted to save me or if she actually wanted to control me. Third, if appreciation or an apology is what you want, I can make compensations.” 
Sebastian was so blatantly honest with his remarks that even Sasha was dumbfounded. 
Trevor was fuming listening to him. His chest heaved as his grip tightened around the wheelchair handles. “Sebastian Hayes!”
He was so enraged he could not bring himself to speak any further, yet before Trevor could collect himself, Sebastian had already pulled Sasha and walked away. 
Sasha was utterly speechless upon witnessing what just happened. 
It was not until the two got back to the car and Sasha sat beside the driver’s seat that she took a careful look at Sebastian. “Sebby… I think that was a little over the line.” 
“Over the line?” Sebastian scoffed. Turning toward her, he continued, “Don’t you think this is just too coincidental? It’s not like the park is small. We just spontaneously decided to spend some time outdoors and bam! We run into Trevor and Roxanne. What a small world, huh?” 
Sasha blinked her eyes at him as a brief silence ensued. 
“Well… That makes sense…” 
It never occurred to her that running into Trevor and Roxanne was far too coincidental. She was too gripped by her emotion of meeting them again that she was not in the mental space to think through their encounter. 
She wondered how Sebastian could always be so composed and cool. He’s always been better than me at handling unexpected situations. I’ll never be able to keep my calm in a situation like that. 
Sebastian was starting the car, but he caught the glimpse of uneasiness in Sasha’s eyes. “Don’t worry. I’m here. I have my guard up against those two. I’ll always be on the look out for them. I knew back then that they were up to no good, and I’ve never changed my mind since,” he assured her as he drove on. 
Sasha nodded without saying anything else.
Come to think of it, he’s always been this cold to people other than his family. It’s only with me that he talks nicely. 
They dropped the matter. The journey continued in silence until they went back to the hospital. Sasha went back to her isolation room after that for her final treatment. Sebastian stood outside and waited throughout the course of treatment. 
He even asked Karl to bring some of his men over. 
No one dared to question Sebastian if it was really necessary to mobilize so much people to stand watch here. After all, it was just a single patient going through her treatment. 
The other patients in the hospital were scared off with just one glance at the men. 
This went on for three whole days. 
On the third day, Haruto went in to draw the unconscious Sasha’s blood to check if her body had been generating new cells. It was not until he confirmed that everything went as expected that everyone could finally take a rest. 
“Are you okay, Mr. Hayes?” 
Karl quickly went to Sebastian’s aid when he saw his boss sway on his feet and almost fall. 
He must be exhausted. This has been too huge of a burden for him. Luckily everything is over now. 
Karl proceeded to arrange a room for Sebastian to make sure he was sufficiently rested. Sebastian rested for a bit and felt better. After that, he took out his phone and got ready to contact their friends and family, telling them they would be returning home soon. 
“Mr. Hayes, someone’s here to see you.”
Suddenly, a nurse pushed the door open and informed him. 
Sebastian looked up from his chair and saw someone in a wheelchair coming in behind the nurse. 
“You’re still the same old, aren’t you, Sebastian? You’re still as cruel as ever.” 
It was the thin and fragile woman he saw that morning. Now that he took a good look at her, her deeply-sunken eyes were no longer blank and unfocused as in the park earlier. 
She fixed her eyes on Sebastian, her tone mocking and cold. 
Sebastian raised his brows in indifference. 
“Then are you here just so you can witness for yourself my cruelty?” 
“Life is so unfair! You’re the reason why I’m in this state. I did it all to save you. When I heard that you were here, I asked my dad to bring me over just so I can see for myself if you’ll show the slightest bit of sympathy for a person who gave up her whole life to save you.” 
Roxanne looked at him with all severity. 
She was there looking for an answer, yet a smirk curved Sebastian’s lips when he heard her. 
He had clearly told her last time that he felt nothing for her but resentment. Sparing her life was already benevolence on his part. 
It was clear as day what his answer for her would be this time. 
Roxanne could tell from his eyes what he wanted to say. 
Her dry and chapped lips parted into a mocking laugh as she sat in her wheelchair.
She laughed so hard she started to tear up, as if she was hysterical. 
When she started running out of breath, the nurse finally realized something was off. The latter quickly pushed Roxanne out to calm her down.
###Chapter 1338
Chapter 1338
Chapter 1338 He Does Not Want Me Anymore 
Three days later, Haruto finally announced Sasha to be in good condition. 
Sebastian was elated to see how things were progressing. 
It was on that day that he received news that Roxanne had died. Trevor was transferring her back to Sumanthova when her organs failed and she passed away at the hospital. 
Karl was unmoved when he found out about her death. “Whatever. People like her deserve to die anyway.” 
The things Roxanne had done were so horrendous he felt no grief at all when the woman left. Surprisingly, Haruto turned out to be the person who was the most affected by the news. 
He was in the ward when he learned about her demise. Visibly jerking at the news, a regretful expression appeared on his face. 
“That’s a shame…” he sighed. 
Sebastian stared at him. 
A shame? 
A frown slowly emerged on Sebastian’s brows as he tried to make sense of what he just heard. 
He wanted to ask what Haruto meant, but Sasha was too excited about finally getting well and returning home that she kept pestering Sebastian to share the good news with their friends and family. 
Sebastian shot her an adoring look as he took out his phone to contact everyone, but he was stunned the moment he saw his screen.
There was a notification saying he had a new email. When he clicked on it, a complex chemical formula came into sight and the message finally became clear. 
Sebastian Hayes, you’re forever indebted to me. 
… 
Back at Avenport, the Hayeses were relieved when they heard that Sasha had recuperated. 
Sabrina was especially thrilled when she found out about it. Given her gregarious and sociable nature, she thought of a brilliant idea, and her eyes glimmered in excitement. 
“You know what I’m thinking, Ichika?” she asked. 
“Huh?” Ichika was clueless. She had not been herself over the past two days. 
“What’s with that response? Sasha and Sebastian are coming back! This calls for a celebration, and both of us will be in charge.” 
Ichika still had not caught on to what Sabrina was planning. 
Wait… What is she talking about? 
Ichika had been bothered about Solomon not talking to her. He had even reached out to her family to ask them to bring Ichika back. 
Ichika might be young, but she knew what Solomon’s action meant. 
This explained why she had been downcast these few days. 
She looked at Sabrina apologetically and lowered her head. “I’m sorry, Sabrina. I might not be around when they come back. My father will be picking me up today.”
“What?” 
Sabrina was stupefied. 
“What’s the matter? Did anything happen? Why did your dad send for you out of nowhere? You don’t like it here? Or does your dad disapprove of you working at Hayes Corporation? You can assure him that he has nothing to worry about. I can always free you from the job so you can take care of Solomon twenty-four-seven,” Sabrina said half-jokingly. 
Ichika initially did not want to discuss the matter so openly, but now that Sabrina mentioned Solomon, the young woman could no longer hold it in anymore. She had had enough over the past few days. 
“Actually… It’s Mr. Akiyama that asked my dad to send someone to pick me up. I don’t think our relationship is going anywhere.” 
Tears rolled down Ichika’s cheeks when she finally told Sabrina what was going on. 
Sabrina did not know how to react all of a sudden. 
What the hell is wrong with that guy? Why is he sending the poor young woman home? She’s an angel! How can he do that to her? He must be crazy! Don’t tell me he’s gonna stay single for the rest of his life! 
Sabrina was so furious she dashed upstairs to confront Solomon. However, as she reached his office, Solomon was completely unperturbed by her barging in. 
As if he had expected her arrival, he tossed an equity transfer agreement over to her before she could even speak. 
“They already signed it,” he said coldly.
Sabrina’s glare intensified. 
She stared at the document and took deep breaths. “Solomon, I know the family shares are important, but we really hope you can start your own family as well.” 
“I’m not interested.” He turned her down outright. 
Since Sabrina refused to take the document, he put it back down on his table and stood up, going over to the water fountain to get some water. 
“I’m doing just fine by myself. I don’t need other people in my life, so just leave me alone.” 
“But…” 
Sabrina halted before she said anything hurtful, but in her heart, she badly wanted to speak some sense into Solomon. 
Sasha’s already married to Sebastian and they have a family together. It’s time you stop waiting for her and move on! You can’t just hold on to her for the rest of your life! 
Do you think she’ll see your heart and reciprocate your feelings? 
Sabrina clenched her fists in exasperation. 
“Solomon, why are you behaving like this?” She spoke, trying not to sound too harsh. “Is it because I was cold toward you last time? Fine. I’ll apologize for what I did. I sincerely hope you move on one day and start your own family. You don’t have to worry about the wedding at all. I will do everything within my capacity to make sure you have an unforgettable wedding.” 
Solomon froze in front of the water fountain.
In his whole life, no one had apologized for how they treated him. 
Not only was this true for the Hayeses, but it was also true for everyone else he met after he turned eighteen. 
He did not anticipate that she would care for him so much. 
The man teared up, but he quickly collected himself and pushed back his tears. 
“Thanks, but I just don’t want to have a family. You know full well there’s only one person I love. I can’t just disregard my feelings and marry someone else against what my heart tells me. This is unfair for me and also the other woman. Have you ever thought of that?” 
Solomon finally told her what he truly felt.
###Chapter 1339
Chapter 1339
Chapter 1339 I Hereby Announce Your Marriage 
Sabrina wanted to give her two cents, but she knew she should not. 
She, for one, was aware of how it felt to love someone unrequitedly. Devin had no feelings whatsoever for his cousin, Kira, but it was difficult for the latter to just give him up. 
Sabrina fell into silence and left without another word. 
When Ichika saw her coming out and read her expression, she could already roughly guess how things went. She looked away as her tears fell furiously. 
There was nothing she could do to change anything. 
Since Solomon had already stated his case clearly, there was no room for further discussion, so Ichika had to leave. 
On the day Sebastian, Sasha, and the others came back from Jetroina, Ichika started her journey back to the Minamoto family. 
Three days after Sasha’s arrival, she went back to Frontier Bay to rest and recover. She was allowed to move around outdoors and could even enjoy a short period of screen time. 
She switched on her phone and scrolled through some international news. Her finger stopped on the screen when she saw the Minamotos announcing Ichika’s marriage to the second son of the Tsurka family. 
Wait… What’s this? I thought Ichika is supposed to marry Solomon? 
She went back inside to ask what was going on.
“Wendy, do you know what happened between Ichika and Solomon? I thought they wanted to get married? Why is she marrying someone else now?” 
“Ah, that one. Mr. Solomon was not interested in the union, so he sent her back.” 
There was a tone of regret in Wendy’s voice. 
Sasha nodded slowly and turned around. 
What does he think he’s doing? 
She’s one fine young woman! Sabrina has only compliments for her! What else does he want? 
A frown stitched her brows together when she made a call to Hayes Corporation. 
“Solomon? Hey, Sasha here.” 
“Hi, Sasha. What’s up?” 
Solomon was in a meeting when he got a call from Sasha, but he excused himself and came out to answer her call immediately. 
“Well, Solomon, I just saw on the news that… that you aren’t marrying Ichika anymore? I mean, you guys were getting along so well,” she popped the question. 
“Who told you we got along well?” Solomon denied without hesitation, “We were never close, Sasha. I asked her to stay back at Avenport because of the family’s shares. There’s no other reason why I asked her to stay.” 
Sasha finally understood what happened.
She cleared her throat and replied, “Solomon, why did you turn down the marriage? Is it because of me? I’m already married and my children are almost ten. I don’t want you to suffer because of me anymore.” 
Sasha cut to the chase and laid down her cards. 
Over on the other end of the call, Solomon’s fair face pumped red at her direct answer. His grip tightened around his phone until his fingers turned pale. 
“This has nothing to do with you,” he denied again. 
Sasha pursed her lips and decided to try another approach. 
“If that’s the case, great! But you need to know that no one will keep waiting for you forever. As you said, you’re the one who met me first. You said you had eyes only for me, but the only person I saw was Sebastian, and there was no turning back for me after that. This is the same for Ichika. She’s been waiting for you all this time, but you sent her back. One day, when she stops loving you and move on, there will also be no turning back for you. No one will always be there at the same spot waiting for you.” 
Solomon stood outside the meeting room as Sasha’s words sank in. He recalled seeing the news when the Minamoto and Tsurka families announced the couple’s engagement. Ichika was in white that day and had her hair tied up in a bun. She had her head hung low throughout the press meeting while being dragged around like a prop. 
His fingers clenched into a fist. 
“Do you really hope we get married?” 
“What?”
Sasha did not see that coming. 
“Do you really want Ichika and I to get married? I will do so if that’s what you want. Give me three days.” Solomon spoke so fast Sasha was having a hard time trying to process what he said. 
What? Is he asking for my permission to get married? 
Of course I want him to start his own family, but why does it feel like I’m forcing him to get married? 
Sasha’s palms got sweaty. 
“Wait, Solomon! Don’t get this wrong. I’m not forcing you to marry her. I just—” 
“I know and I don’t mean it that way. I just feel like it’s a gamble. I don’t want to marry her because for my whole life, I have been nothing but a scourge to people around me. My birth was a mistake to begin with, and I brought misfortune to everyone. Think about your mother, your whole family, my father… I’d rather spend the rest of my life alone than ruin another person’s life. I don’t think I’m—” 
“I want you to get married! Now!” Sasha shouted into the phone without waiting for Solomon to finish his sentence. 
She was huffing and puffing because she felt so vexed listening to Solomon beat himself up. “I want you to get married. Get it done within three days. I’ll see to it that everything is done perfectly,” Sasha spelled the verdict loud and clear. 
This was the first major decision she made after returning home.
###Chapter 1340
Chapter 1340
Chapter 1340 Rolling Up Their Sleeves 
That was how Solomon’s engagement to Ichika was finally decided. 
Sabrina and everyone else in the Hayes family were supportive of the decision. The Wand family and Devin were also happy for Solomon. 
Even Sebastian showed his full support. He said that if Solomon were busy with his wedding, Sebastian could step in and help with work for a few days. 
When Solomon saw how everyone approved of his marriage, he felt the decision was for the best and that he should try his hardest to make things work. However, when he made a call to Jetroina and told Yamada about his change of mind, the latter sounded reserved. 
“What? So you want to marry her now? But we just announced her engagement to your brother. The whole country knows about this already. How can we go back on our word? There’s no way we can change anything now.” 
“Are you sure there’s no other way?” 
“Yes. Besides, Hiroshi really likes her. He’s been going over to the Minamotos these few days. They’ve already gone to try out Ichika’s wedding gown,” Yamada sighed. 
Yamada actually hoped Solomon was the one who got the young woman. After all, not only did his two other sons seize the company from his hand, but their attitude toward him was disrespectful. 
Solomon was the only one who still cared for him. 
Although Solomon was just an adopted son, the relationship they had was real.
Solomon was dismayed when he found out that everything was too late. 
He hung up and sat at his office table quietly. 
The ambiance in the whole room chilled after the call ended. Solomon was not taking the news well. 
It so happened that Luke came in with a document in his hand. When he saw Solomon’s severe expression, he froze at the door, wondering if he should ask what happened. 
“Mr. George…” 
“Book me a ticket to Jetroina. I’m leaving on the soonest flight possible.” 
Solomon had made up his mind. 
Luke was taken aback. 
Wait, what? Now? 
He wanted to ask Solomon to repeat himself, but Luke took one look at the stern man and left to book a ticket. After he was done, he informed Sabrina about it. 
“What? He’s going to Jetroina? I thought they’re sending Ichika over?” 
Sabrina thought the Minamotos refused to send their daughter over, but Luke was unable to verify if that was true. 
“I’m sorry, I have no idea what’s going on. All I know is he doesn’t look happy at all.” 
Hm… What is happening? What is he up to?
Sabrina wanted to call Solomon, but she recalled their conversation two days ago. It peeved Solomon when other people tried interfering in his life. 
Whatever. I’m not gonna get involved this time. 
Sabrina sat back and decided to just let things take their own course, but that was easier said than done for her. 
She took up her phone and created a new WhatsApp group. 
Sabrina: Listen up, everyone, I have news! She shot a message to the group after adding everyone in. 
Sasha was the first to respond. Um, why am I here? 
Sabrina clicked her tongue. Can’t you just wait? 
Sebastian sent an ellipsis to the group when he got a notification on his phone. Devin was the only one who was excited to hear what news Sabrina had. 
Devin: I’m here, Darling! Can’t wait to hear what you have to share! I was just feeding our young daughter. 
The amount of affection displayed made Sebastian and Sasha want to puke. 
They were about to leave the group when two more people were added. 
Rufus and Jonathan were both added in, and everyone dared not speak another word. 
Sabrina smirked and typed: Hello? Why is everyone so quiet all of a sudden? Anyway, we want to welcome Mr. Wand and Grandpa to the group. This group was created so we can have a space to talk about Solomon.
Rufus: Okay. What’s going on? 
Jonathan: What on earth is happening? I’ve just booked my ticket to go over to visit my grandchildren. Don’t you dare pull any tricks at the eleventh hour! 
Sabrina shook her head, looking at the testy reply she got. 
She typed away and filled everyone in on what happened. 
Sabrina: Solomon is going to Jetroina, but Luke told me he looked upset when he left. I’m just worried something might have happened. 
Devin: It must be something urgent. 
Sasha: Maybe you should give him a call? 
Rufus: I don’t think that’s wise. Solomon won’t take it well if he finds out we’ve been talking about him. He’ll only be annoyed if he knows everyone has been discussing him. We would be in for real trouble if that happens. 
What Rufus said made total sense. After all, he had raised Solomon for ten years. He knew the boy inside out. 
Everyone in the group did not know what else to do. 
Sebastian: We should all just wait and see what happens next. 
Thus, the whole group fell into silence. 
Meanwhile, Solomon had just gotten on a flight bound for Jetroina.
In truth, the man himself had no idea what got into him. He just felt an impulse to fly over as soon as possible. 
He finally had time to think through his own reactions when he sat in the seat on the plane. Now that he had time to reflect, he realized how rash he had been. 
To some extent, he felt pissed at himself.
###Chapter 1341
Chapter 1341
Chapter 1341 What Is So Good About Him 
Just what am I doing? I shouldn’t have come. It’s good that Ichika is getting married to my brother. Why did I even ask Luke to get me a flight ticket? 
Solomon found himself caught in a difficult situation only after he got on the plane. 
He arrived at Terrandya, Jetroina after a few hours. 
“Mr. Akiyama!” 
Solomon’s men had come to the airport to pick him up right after they received news that he was coming. 
Solomon took a careless glance at the man who greeted him and handed his bag over. “How’s everything over at Sinch Enterprise?” 
“Everyone is busy with the wedding at the moment. Mr. Hiroshi brought Ms. Minamoto to the company yesterday.” 
“He did what?” 
Solomon was piqued. 
Sinch Enterprise was Yamada’s company, bringing the young woman over would be an official announcement to the company that Ichika would be their future lady boss. 
He remembered how Ichika used to go around Hayes Corporation with a little bun on her head. Back then, everyone thought she would definitely get married to Solomon although Solomon himself had never promised her anything.
No one had actually seen them together at the company. 
He clicked his tongue and went right into the car, heading for downtown Terrandya. 
Over at Sinch Enterprise, Hiroshi was in a phenomenal mood after bringing Ichika to the company the day before. He was about to make an important announcement. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, let’s have a meal at Hilton Hotel tonight. I want you all to officially welcome the future Mrs. Tsurka.” 
Everyone was electrified when they knew Hiroshi was treating them to a meal. 
Hilton Hotel had a five-star restaurant in Terrandya. There was no way the normal employees could go there and eat, so they were over the moon at the offer. 
Everyone looked forward to the meal, and soon enough, the Minamoto family received an invitation as well. 
Ichika’s father was especially pleased by the arrangement. 
“Hilton, you say? That’s great!” 
Ichika was the only one who was unhappy about having a meal with Hiroshi. She had no feelings for that man. She ran back to her room when she heard about it and locked herself inside. 
“Ichika? Are you okay? Open up. It’s me.” 
Her mother came over to Ichika’s room to comfort her when she saw her running away. 
Ichika only had a sister. Since the family only had two children, the family was closely-knit. The parents wanted Ichika to lead a happy and fulfilling life, but regardless of how Aoi pleaded, her daughter refused to open the door.
Himari, Ichika’s older sister, happened to walk past. When she saw Ichika was being intractable, she came over and knocked on the door. 
“Ichika! Open the door! Mom has been waiting outside all this while. You need to stop being so childish. Open the door!” 
A noble family like the Minamotos adhered strictly to etiquette rules. 
Children should respect their elders at all costs. 
Ichika had no choice but to open the door. 
She was still crying when she saw her mother. “Mom… I really don’t want to go…” 
Before Aoi could say a word, Himari beat her to it. “Ichika, he’s your fiancé. You have to turn up if he invites you. Besides, everyone will be there tonight. You can’t just bail on him. What will people say about our family if you behave so disrespectfully?” she reprimanded her sister. 
Ichika slumped to the floor at the door, crying like a broken doll. 
Aoi sighed. It broke her heart to see Ichika like this. 
Himari was the one who was supposed to marry Solomon in the first place. When the Tsurkas came to propose a marriage between the two families, Ichika volunteered when she found out that they were arranging a marriage for Solomon. 
Since Ichika wanted to marry him, Himari gladly gave up the opportunity because she could not get over the fact that Solomon was an adopted son. Not only that, but his mother was a mistress who wreaked havoc in the family for three years too. 
Himari did not think that was a good match for her, the first daughter of the Minamoto family.
That was how Ichika ended up getting engaged to Solomon. 
It never once crossed her mind that Solomon would reject her. 
“See, didn’t I tell you, Ichika? Someone like him will never do anything right. You should consider yourself lucky. You’re marrying a true heir of the Tsurka family, not that bastard.” 
Himari was about to exit the room when she gave her sister her final reminder. Before she reached the door, Ichika, who had been crying at the dressing table, whipped her head around and glared at her sister. 
“Don’t you talk about him like that! He’s not a bastard. You should watch what you say!” 
“Did I say anything wrong? He’s the one who sent you back.” 
“I…” 
Aoi decided to step in. “That’s enough! Himari, you should step outside for a while. Your sister needs to get ready for the banquet tonight.” 
As a mother, she did not want to see her children arguing among themselves. 
The two went out, leaving Ichika alone to dress up. 
Everyone in the Minamoto family got ready for the feast and headed to Hilton Hotel when it was dinner time. Since it was a huge event, everyone was present, including Ichika’s grandfather.
###Chapter 1342
Chapter 1342
Chapter 1342 Stealing The Bride 
Everyone was looking forward to the banquet. 
Despite feeling reluctant, Ichika still went with her family. 
She was dressed in a formal Jetroinian traditional outfit. Every detail of her dress, from the collar to the hem, from the innermost to the outermost layer, was finely made and deliberately tailored. It was a dress fit for the daughter of a noble family. 
At one point, she regretted leaving the house and wanted to go back, but her family grabbed her and shoved her into the car. 
They pulled away and arrived at Hilton Hotel half an hour later. 
The reporters were already at the entrance when the family arrived. After all, it was the wedding of the century. Two notable families were coming together in union, and this event became a lightning rod for attention. 
In fact, the reporters and journalists had been waiting at the entrance for a long time. 
When the Minamoto family arrived, all eyes were on them. Ichika, who was exquisitely dressed, became the center of attention. 
Opposite the hotel, Haruto shook his head and smiled when he saw the young woman. “What a shame, Mr. Akiyama. You have no idea what you’re missing out on. Everyone here went crazy about Ichika when her photo first made it online,” he said to the man beside him, who was also sitting leisurely in the club. 
Haruto had never seen someone so beautiful before.
Solomon glared at him from the corner of his eyes. 
“Are you drooling?” 
“I’m sorry.” 
Haruto cleared his throat and shifted his gaze. 
“Anyway, what’s the plan? It’s obvious that your brother will be introducing her to everyone at the feast later. He’s announcing to the world that they’re getting married. There’s no retracting their engagement after tonight.” 
Haruto turned around and looked at Solomon, but the latter remained silent. 
What Haruto said was true. 
The Minamoto family was a noble family. They had a reputation to keep and could not just go back on their word. 
This had always been the rule for them. 
Annulling a marriage was unprecedented in the family. 
Haruto was getting anxious looking at how unfazed Solomon was. 
Behind him, Solomon locked his gaze on the convoy downstairs without any expression on his face. He was still struggling in his heart, especially when he saw the notable family members around. 
His mother, Yancy, had upended the whole Tsurka family years ago. 
There was no way these people was unaware of that.
This meant that if he were to show himself, his unsightly past would be raked up and laid bare before the public. 
Besides, he was just the adopted son of the Tsurka family. He was the one who went back on the marriage agreement. It would be tricky swinging the tide to his side. There was no way the elders of the Minamoto family would allow this. 
Should I go down? 
Solomon swirled the glass of wine in his hand, deliberating his next step. 
“They’re here.” 
“The Tsurka family’s here!” 
Another commotion burst out when another convoy arrived. The journalists scrambled in another direction. 
Solomon looked up. True enough, it was his family. 
When the Minamotos saw the Tsurkas, they waited at the entrance for the latter to join them. 
After all, they were the host of the event. 
Ichika stopped and looked back. 
Hiroshi was dressed in an immaculate suit and tie. When he saw Ichika, he went right toward her and pulled her over to his side. 
“Ah!” 
Ichika was not expecting Hiroshi to tug her over.
Her family was equally surprised. 
When Hiroshi saw everyone watching, he placed his hand on Ichika’s waist and pulled her into his embrace gently. 
“Finally, I get to see you, Ms. Minamoto.” 
Everyone present smiled at the couple. 
To them, Hiroshi was merely showing his affection and love toward Ichika, but to Ichika herself, it did not feel like it. 
She found him domineering and brutish. 
Her body shuddered and her face turned pale. She felt like she was on the verge of crying. 
“Please, Mr. Hiroshi… Stop…” 
“What do you mean? We’re getting married. I’ll be your husband soon, Ms. Minamoto.” 
His demanding gaze surveyed her beautiful face and perfect skin before he moved to kiss her. 
This sparked a boisterous laugh from the reporters as they quickly took photos of the couple. As for the Minamoto family, although they felt Hiroshi’s actions fell short of courtesy, they simply put up with it. After all, the two were getting married. 
Just as the family decided to give it a pass, a figure suddenly dashed out from the crowd. A hand then came in between Hiroshi and Ichika. 
Thud!
Ichika was dragged away from Hiroshi and before everyone could react, Hiroshi was sent flying from a kick. 
The crowd was flabbergasted. 
Ichika, who found herself in another man’s arms, looked up in shock. Her blood raced when she saw who kicked Hiroshi aside and rescued her. 
Overwhelmed, she started to cry. 
“Mr. Akiyama!”
###Chapter 1343
Chapter 1343
Chapter 1343 I Am Here 
“Don’t worry. I’m here,” Solomon comforted her and pulled her behind him. 
Solomon still had not caught up with his feelings for Ichika. 
It was true that anyone would stand up for another person when there was injustice, but this was Solomon. 
He could not care less about other people, but it was instinctive for him to shield her from harm. He did not know why he felt that way. 
He had never, ever wanted to protect a woman so openly, barring Sasha. 
Ichika was shaking in fear and agitation when everything happened so suddenly. 
Around the entrance, everyone was thunderstruck. 
It was a sensational moment. 
No one expected a man to come out of nowhere and separate the couple, what more booting Hiroshi, the husband-to-be of Ichika and the son of the Tsurka family. 
He was the heir of the family and would inherit Sinch Enterprise. He was not just any random person. 
Who would dare lay a finger on him? 
With that question in mind, the reporters directed their cameras at Solomon, and the sound of shutters clicking followed.
It did not take long before the journalists realized that Solomon looked familiar. “Isn’t he the adopted son of the Tsurka family? His mother was all over the news last time!” 
“You’re right! What’s he doing here? Stoking another drama?” 
“I know, right? I thought he already went back to work at his real family’s company?” 
“Yeah, Hayes Corporation. What’s he doing here though? I thought Hayes Corporation is much bigger than Sinch Enterprise?” 
“Don’t tell me he’s here because of the young woman?” 
The reporters had a keen sense. They knew something worthwhile was brewing. Back when Solomon was still engaged to Ichika, the Minamotos held back and did not announce their marriage because he did not seem enthusiastic about their engagement. Thus, the public was unaware of the original arrangement. 
They thought Solomon was here to snatch what was not his to begin with. 
The reporters thought so because Yancy was a home-wrecker. Back then, she had forced her way into the Tsurka family, so everyone thought her son would behave similarly. 
After all, the apple never fell far from the tree. 
While everyone was waiting for the next twist of events, Hiroshi got back on his feet and looked at Solomon angrily. Before he could even chastise Solomon, their older brother Kawanari stepped in. 
“What do you think you’re doing, Akiyama? Are you here to create trouble again?” he roared. 
Solomon eyed him coldly. “Do I look like I’m creating trouble? I’m simply protecting the family’s good name. Do you guys even know what you’re doing? How could you misbehave just because Father’s
not around?” 
Solomon was not the slightest bit flustered at his brother’s anger. 
“It is what it is. I hit him, but he deserved it for doing something so disgraceful,” Solomon reminded him. 
Hiroshi had just stood up again when he strode toward Solomon. “Yeah, Father’s not here today, but so what? I can do whatever I like! It’s not like I did something wrong, right?” 
Solomon turned and cast his chilly gaze at his impertinent brother. 
“Allow me to remind you, brother. The Tsurka family is a well-reputed family. I won’t allow you to tarnish the family’s image with your actions. Do you take Ms. Minamoto for a random young woman you met at those red-light districts you love to frequent? You’re behaving so recklessly simply because you have Sinch Enterprise in your hands. Without that, you’re nothing!” 
“You—” 
Hiroshi was mortified when Solomon called him out in front of everyone. 
Although it sounded as if Solomon was demeaning the Minamoto family and Ichika, his accusation was aimed at Hiroshi. 
He had just revealed to the public that Hiroshi was a man with a questionable private life. His words insinuated that Hiroshi was a regular at the more unspeakable parts of town. 
The reporters were appalled. 
Even the Minamotos found Hiroshi’s behavior preposterous. 
“Is that true? Do you even love my Ichika?”
Aoi was disconcerted by the news. She would never allow her daughter to marry a man like that. 
Hiroshi denied all the allegations. “It’s not true, Mrs. Minamoto. Don’t listen to this jerk. I’m the heir of the Tsurka family. There’s no way I would do something like that!” 
Kawanari also came to his brother’s defense. “Yes. You have nothing to worry about, Mrs. Minamoto. This bastard has been contacting our father recently. You know how our father has always been biased toward him. He’s always been enamored with that witch of a mother of his and has always wanted to hand down Sinch Enterprise to this bastard. That’s why they’re working together to mar Hiroshi’s reputation.” 
He saw to it that everyone present was reminded of what Yancy had done to his family and even put Solomon in his appropriate place. 
Everyone looked at Solomon and was waiting for a comeback from him. 
They were sneering and mocking him. 
They looked at Solomon as if he was unworthy. There was despise and distaste in their eyes. 
Ichika looked at Solomon, afraid that he would be affected, but to her surprise, Solomon did not seem to care at all. 
All she could feel was his intensifying grip around her hand. He was holding her so hard it started to hurt.
###Chapter 1344
Chapter 1344
Chapter 1344 Destroy His Reputation 
“You guys shouldn’t talk like this… 
“It’s true that I am very close to my adoptive father recently, but it’s not because he is going to give Sinch Enterprise to me. The two of you have made him a mere figurehead, and he doesn’t even have enough money for food. If he doesn’t look for me, who is he supposed to go to for help?” 
Just as Ichika was about to tell those sick people off and not let them insult that man, Solomon opened his mouth all of a sudden. 
He stood at the entrance of the hotel with a frosty expression. However, his gaze was calm, and there were no changes in his tone. 
Everyone was stunned. 
Mr. Yamada Tsurka has ended up in such a bad state that he cannot even afford to eat? 
How is that possible? 
There was an uproar at the hotel entrance, and everyone started murmuring among themselves. 
Even the Minamoto family stared at the Tsurka brothers in utter shock. 
“How can it be? How can they treat Mr. Yamada like this?” 
“I don’t think so. He’s their dad. I doubt they will treat him that way. After all, he’s the one who set up Sinch Enterprise.” 
“That’s right!”
Nobody believed what they had just heard. 
Upon seeing their reactions, Solomon said casually, “Why not? Did you see my adoptive father here today? At such an important occasion, he should be here, isn’t it?” 
Everyone was dumbfounded. 
Even the Minamoto family stopped talking and started to analyze the situation. 
The Tsurka brothers noticed that and started to panic. They glared at Solomon with hatred and could not wait to tear him into pieces. 
“Keep your head cool. We mustn’t fall into his trap!” 
Kawanari Tsurka, the older son of Yamada, was calmer. Seeing that the situation was not to their advantage, he reminded his brother not to act impulsively. 
A few minutes later, the crowd who had gathered at the hotel entrance heard another shocking news. 
“Akiyama, stop slandering both of us. Everything that you have done today is to fight with my brother over Ms. Minamoto, isn’t it? Everybody, there is something that you may not know. Before Ichika and my brother are engaged, Solomon has already known her. Now that he sees that they are getting married today, he has come here to ruin it.” 
“Oh gosh!” 
The commotion at the entrance became more intense. 
As for Ichika, after hearing that, her face turned pale, and she looked up at Solomon in alarm. 
No, no, it isn’t like this.
He may have come here today because of me, but it isn’t to ruin our wedding. 
He is here to take back what belongs to him. Right from the beginning, Solomon is my fiancé. 
Her tears were about to drop. She was about to walk out and defend him when a pair of hands pulled her back. 
“Ichika, keep your mouth shut. What do you want to tell them? Are you going to tell them that Solomon has called off the engagement, and that’s why you chose Hiroshi Tsurka instead? Are you trying to make the Minamoto family a laughing stock in the whole of Terrandya?” 
It was her older sister, Himari, who stopped her and gave her a harsh warning. 
When Ichika heard that, her eyes welled up even more. However, she did not dare to open her mouth anymore. All she could do was stare at him with guilt and sorrow. 
I’m sorry, Akiyama. 
However, there was no movement from Solomon. 
Just when the soft hand that he was holding on to pulled away, his fingers tightened, but in the end, he let go of it. 
“Cat’s got your tongue? Why are you keeping quiet? We have exposed your true colors, haven’t we? That’s why you have nothing to say now!” 
When Hiroshi saw their adopted brother, Solomon, being put down by Kawanari, he became arrogant as well and ridiculed Solomon. 
As for Kawanari, what he did was even worse.
He took a step forward and got someone to carry out a very huge wedding photo. 
“Akiyama, you said we don’t respect our dad. But as you know, he has difficulty moving about. That’s why we have brought his photo here to symbolize his presence. Oh, by the way, your mom, who is also our stepmother, is in the picture as well.” 
With that, he showed everyone the photo. 
In that split second, all the reporters started taking pictures of the said photo. The mention of Yancy had everybody’s attention shifted. 
Their focus was no longer on Hiroshi’s wretchedness anymore. 
Knowing that Yancy came into the Tsurka family as a third party, there was no way that her son had the right to fight with the heir of the Tsurka family over a woman. 
This is unbelievable. 
Does he not know his place? 
All the cameras were pointing at Solomon at that moment. 
As for the Minamoto family, they did not look like they had any intention to help him. Himari held on tightly to Ichika and covered her mouth so that she could not speak up for Solomon. 
As a result, it seemed that Solomon’s reputation would be completely destroyed.
###Chapter 1345
Chapter 1345
Chapter 1345 Do Not Bully The Hayeses 
However, he never had much of a good reputation, to begin with. 
Solomon looked at the cameras that were pointing at him and cracked a smile. Just as he was about to admit that he was indeed an illegitimate child, a loud whirring sound could be heard. 
What’s that? 
Everyone heard it and looked up. 
It was a helicopter landing on the rooftop of the hotel. 
A five-star hotel like the Hilton would have a landing pad for helicopters. Only people who were extremely wealthy or important would utilize such a service. 
Everyone’s attention was drawn to the helicopter instantly. 
Not long after the helicopter had landed, they saw a woman dressed in black with wavy hair and sunglasses coming out from the elevator. 
It was a spectacular sight. 
That woman exuded a commanding aura. Even before she had stepped out of the elevator, everyone could see her seductive red lips and a short dress showing off her long, beautiful legs. It felt as if a queen had arrived. 
On top of that, two burly men in sunglasses were walking behind her as well. 
Holy moly! Who the hell is she?
There is no one else like her in the entire Terrandya. 
All of the reporters’ cameras turned toward her direction. 
At that moment, the glass door of the elevator opened, and the imposing woman strode out like she was ready to murder someone. 
“What do you mean by exposing his true colors? What can my brother be hiding? His true identity is that he is the heir of the Hayes family, don’t you all know that?” 
That woman actually came to the hotel entrance. 
After glancing around the place, she walked straight up to the Tsurka brothers. When Kawanari and Hiroshi saw that, they were taken aback. “Who are you? Who is your brother?” “Is there something wrong with your ears? I mentioned the Hayeses just now. Who do you think I am referring to? Let me tell you something. Even if there is anything wrong with any of the Hayes family members, it’s none of your business to criticize us! Why do you even bother to display his mom’s photo? Let me remind you who is the disgusting person here—it’s your dad. Back then, he was the one who didn’t know how to control his urges. Or are you trying to remind everyone here what a failure your mom was because she couldn’t control her husband?” 
Damn! This woman is vicious! 
The moment she opens her mouth, nobody stands a chance. 
When Kawanari and Hiroshi heard that, it was as if someone had given them a few tight slaps across their faces. They glowered furiously at her and could not wait to tear her apart. 
But, that woman was not someone they could toy with. 
Just then, she sent out one kick.
Crack! 
Her kick smashed the wedding photo into pieces. 
“Take it back home and frame it up nicely! Make sure to hang it up on the wall! It can last you for a lifetime!” 
Everyone was speechless at that. 
The whole hotel entrance was shocked to the core. 
As for those reporters, they were busy snapping photos of that woman and searching for her identity on the Internet. 
The results showed that the woman was none other than “Sabrina Hayes!” 
Sabrina Hayes? 
Isn’t she the eldest daughter of Astoria’s number one global empire, Hayes Corporation? Oh gosh! This woman is really rough and tough. Rumor has it that where she comes from, women will run and hide when they hear her name. 
For men, it’s even worse! 
All of the reporters broke out in cold sweat right at that moment. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina, after destroying the photo, walked up to the Minamoto family. 
“What’s wrong? Why won’t you admit that your daughter was originally engaged to my brother? When my brother broke off the engagement, it embarrassed all of you, didn’t he? That’s why none of you is
willing to speak up for him now, isn’t it?” questioned Sabrina with her arms folded while staring coldly at Ichika’s dad. 
What? 
So, Ichika was initially engaged to Solomon? 
Everyone was stunned to hear that. 
As for Giichi, his face looked awful and evasive. He tried to deny it. 
“You—” 
“Don’t worry. Since my brother has come here today despite the risks, then he must be ready to marry your daughter. Mr. Minamoto, think carefully. Who is more powerful, Hayes Corporation or Sinch Enterprise?” 
Giichi did not respond. 
Seeing that the Jetroinian was hesitating, she added, “If you think that our background isn’t powerful enough for you, then let me tell you something else. I’m married into the Jadesons. Do you know what kind of family they are?” 
The Jadesons? 
The mention of that family caused Giichi’s eyes to widen in disbelief. 
As a prominent family themselves, they knew about the Jadesons. Needless to say, the Minamoto family was way out of their league when it came to the Jadesons.
###Chapter 1346
Chapter 1346
Chapter 1346 First Time As A Family Member 
Ichika’s father finally agreed. 
“Sure, no problem.” 
“What do you mean ‘no problem’? You have to explain this to the media and everyone else watching. My brother is not here to take your daughter away. He is here to bring his wife home.” 
Sabrina was not going to let that d*mned old guy get away with it. 
She wanted to force him to explain the matter clearly to everyone and clear Solomon’s name. 
Meanwhile, Solomon remained silent. 
Though Sabrina was only slightly older than him, he still felt like something was caught in his throat. In fact, he was so choked up that his eyes started to well up with tears. 
At that moment, he honestly felt like she was quite a busybody. 
He was not a child after all, and he could have easily stood up for himself. 
Despite that, he did not stop her. This was because her actions made him feel very touched. 
The blow he had just received earlier felt like it had been treated by a pair of gentle hands. 
Ichika’s father ultimately told everyone that Yamada was the one who matchmade Solomon. Eventually, Yamada was brought over as well. 
Upon arrival, he said nothing but just grabbed onto Solomon’s hand. 
“You’ve been wronged…”
One sentence was enough to wipe clean all the injustice that was brought upon Solomon for no reason. 
In response, he shook his head lightly. “It’s okay. From now on, do you want to come live with me?” 
While looking at the two who were slyly planning on escaping, he suddenly posed such a question. 
After such a huge ordeal, there was no way his two sons were going to let this go. 
Hence, it was best if they just all lived together. 
However, Yamada shook his head. 
“I’m old. I don’t want to go anywhere. To be honest, I just want to stay in the peony garden that your mother and I lived in before. In the future, if you ever get married to Ichika, I hope you’ll be able to visit me once in a while.” 
He lowered his eyes and revealed a tired expression. One could tell that time had taken its toll on him. 
Hearing this, Solomon did not answer. 
He truly hated his mother. Her sins were endless, yet she managed to win the sincerity of a man’s heart. Even after her death, he never forgot her. 
What about Solomon? She brought him into this world, but what had he ended up with? 
Two hours later, Solomon brought his gifts and officially went over to visit the Minamoto family. Naturally, Sabrina went with him. 
“Hold on. What are you planning on giving to them? Money or an actual gift?” 
Throughout the journey, she kept asking all sorts of questions.
This was probably the first time she was taking part in planning a wedding as a family member. Therefore, she was a little nervous due to the lack of experience. 
Solomon cocked his head sideways in the car and stared at her. 
“Don’t worry. I’ve got everything prepared.” 
“Are you sure? Okay. Well, that’s good to hear.” Hearing this, she finally breathed a sigh of relief. Then, she took out her phone and started tapping away frantically at her screen. 
Solomon kept quiet. 
After a while, he could not resist anymore. He slightly leaned his head over and took a glance from the side. 
He saw that Sabrina was engrossed in a WhatsApp group chat. The chat was going off nonstop. 
Sasha: Wow. So, how is it going? Is everything settled, Sab? You’re so cool. 
Sabrina: Duh. Don’t you know who I am? 
Devin: That’s right. My wife is capable of anything. 
Sasha and Sebastian were left speechless. 
The discomfort they felt almost made them leave the group chat. 
Fortunately, Rufus appeared just at this moment. 
Mr. Wand: So what are you guys going to do now? Are you visiting the Minamoto residence?
Sabrina: Yeah. I don’t suppose you have any advice, Mr. Wand? I want to make sure I do everything right. This is my first time appearing as a family member, so I’m quite nervous. 
It was surprising for her to admit to everyone that she was feeling anxious right now. 
However, it was the truth. Neither Sasha nor Sebastian had any experience in the matter. Besides, Sebastian himself had yet to host his own wedding, so how would he know anything? 
Eventually, Rufus gave some suggestions. 
Mr. Wand: You can ask Solomon to ask his adoptive father. He’s from Jetroina, right? Just ask and see what you should prepare. Although this matter has finally come to fruition, we were the ones who had initially stood them up. Hence, we should probably apologize. 
Oh yeah. We need to apologize… 
Sabrina raised her head after reading the message. 
Coincidentally, she met the eyes of Solomon, who was also staring in her direction. Awkwardness filled the air. 
Solomon was stumped. 
Several seconds later, he somewhat angrily turned his gaze elsewhere. 
“Are you guys crazy? I can’t believe you guys created a group chat just to talk about me.” 
“What else could we have done? You rascal. You never told us when you got in trouble. If I hadn’t made this group for everyone to secretly observe you, would anyone have known that you were getting bullied?”
“Bullied?” 
Hearing this, Solomon was furious. 
His handsome face was tinted with a shade of anger. 
Sabrina gave no reply. 
I shouldn’t have said that. 
Unfortunately, she realized it too late. She did not care anymore and tapped away at her phone for a moment. Soon, Solomon, who was sitting beside her, heard his phone notification ring. 
He then took out his phone. 
“Hurry up and open it. We should all discuss what to do for you. This is a huge matter.” 
Solomon stared at his phone in disbelief. 
In the end, he had no choice but to reluctantly accept.
###Chapter 1347
Chapter 1347
Chapter 1347 Against Marriage 
Sasha: Oh my God! What?! 
Sebastian was silent. 
Mr. Wand: Solomon? You’re in the group too now? That’s great. 
Devin: A warm welcome to you, Solomon! 
Sabrina: Glad you could finally join us! 
Old Mr. Jadeson: Huh? The man himself is here too now? Nice going. Well, you guys go ahead with the discussion. If you need me, just drop me a message. I have to go pick up my granddaughter now. 
Solomon did not know how to reply. 
He kept quiet for several moments. There were not a lot of people in the group, but the atmosphere was lively. He had no idea what his opening line should be. 
Sabrina: Hey. Aren’t you going to say anything? Everyone is concerned about you. 
No words came from Solomon still. 
After a long time, he finally typed several words out onto his screen and hit send. 
Solomon: Thank you everyone, but there is no need to worry so much for me. 
Sasha: Why not? Have you already prepared something? What is it? 
At that, Sebastian sank into his thoughts.
After several seconds, Sabrina could sense that something was wrong. She quickly sent a message. 
Sabrina: As if he prepared anything. His hands are completely empty. Earlier, I even asked him if he was planning to just give money. 
Mr. Wand: Money? That doesn’t seem appropriate. The Minamoto family is very prestigious. I doubt they care how much money you can give. 
Old Mr. Jadeson: Maybe give something more valuable? Back when I was marrying off Devin’s father, I gave the other family a jade seal. Although it wasn’t a family relic, it was something that I had gotten from the war. At the time, they were overjoyed with the gift. 
Out of nowhere, Jonathan surfaced to talk about his story. 
A jade seal? That’s a very hefty gift. 
Everyone in the group was stunned silent, including Sabrina who was sitting at the side. 
The Hayeses were definitely a wealthy family. However, due to the fact that Frederick passed away early, Sabrina and Sebastian had no idea what valuables their family carried. 
“Why don’t I give you my wine cellar?” 
“What?” 
“The wine cellar. I’ve collected all sorts of wines over the years. You have no idea, do you? This was what I used to get in with the Jadesons previously when I had to rescue my brother.” 
Even now, thinking of that incident made her flinch. 
At the time, Jonathan had drunk a fair amount of her collection.
Solomon finally understood now. Immediately, he turned to look at her. For a moment, he did not know what to say. 
Who would give wine cellars as a gift? 
This time around, he was trying to show his sincerity. If the Minamoto family prioritized material gifts, then that was up to them. They had the right to deny the marriage. 
Either way, Solomon was not planning to take it to heart. 
Unexpectedly, as soon as he stepped into the glamorous Minamoto residence, a servant dressed in a Jetroinian traditional outfit came running over to him. 
“Mr. Akiyama, Ms. Minamoto asked me to pass you this.” 
She politely handed him a clean, white handkerchief. 
Solomon stared at it confusedly. 
After returning to his senses, he accepted it and opened it. 
“What is this?” 
Sabrina came over. Seeing the item enclosed in the handkerchief, she too revealed a puzzled expression. 
She had no idea what it was. 
The item in question looked like a strand of hair. It was snow-white in color. When picked up, it was cooling to the touch. Under the light, it was even slightly transparent. 
Sebastian: That looks like zirconium wire.
Sabrina had uploaded the picture into the WhatsApp group chat. Sebastian, who rarely spoke, suddenly identified the item. 
Zirconium wire? What on Earth is that? 
Everyone waited patiently for his explanation. 
Sebastian: In Jetroina, after the nobles separated from the royal family, they would rely on the excavation of minerals to make a living. If my guess is right, the Minamoto family probably specialized in glassware manufacturing. This development can only be done with the use of zirconium wire. It’s similar to how we locate oil fields. We need to use chemicals to find hints of its topographical features. 
Sebastian took the time to explain everything in detail. 
After reading his message, everyone was quiet. 
After all, no one else was knowledgeable on the area. 
It was very odd how someone who spent most of his time handling money would have such a deep understanding of something so niche. 
Sasha: Sebby, why would Ichika want to give this to him? Is it very rare? 
Sebastian: Not really. However, it is rare to see it made into a wire, especially if it’s completely natural. With a wire this pure, it’ll be much easier to locate minerals. 
Devin: So, what you’re saying is Ichika gave it to Solomon on purpose. She was worried about her family making things difficult with him. 
Sabrina: Oh, I get it. I knew Ichika was on our side!
Beside her, the vein on Solomon’s forehead was bulging. 
God. Can’t this woman use her brain? If this is really that hard to find, and I suddenly produce it, the Minamoto family will obviously know that Ichika was the one who helped me get it. 
Solomon felt his head pound. 
In the end, he still had no choice but to bring it along with him because Sabrina was clutching onto it for dear life. 
When they reached the main hall, Solomon saw Ichika’s parents and her grandfather. Their expressions toward him were not the kindest. 
After all, he had asked them to take Ichika back previously.
###Chapter 1348
Chapter 1348
Chapter 1348 Are You Really Marrying Me 
“Akiyama, why have you suddenly changed your mind about marrying my daughter? I thought you said previously that you had no intentions of starting up a family.” 
“Yes, that’s right.” 
Solomon knelt down in front of them. He did not deny anything. 
“However, I was lying to you guys at the time. The reason I rejected the marriage back then was not because I didn’t want to start a family. The truth was that I felt I wasn’t good enough. I did not want to be a burden to your daughter. Besides, I’m sure you’ve seen it for yourself today.” 
Finally, he chose to tell the truth. 
When he raised his head and looked at Ichika’s parents, his expression was filled with sincerity and remorse. 
Ichika’s father was stunned. 
Ichika’s mother was also silent for a long time as she stared at Solomon. 
Seeing this, Sabrina could not help but interject. “Mr. Minamoto, my brother has messed up before. However, he really means it this time. I hope that you can give him another chance.” 
For the sake of acting as a supportive family member, Sabrina was willing to completely disregard her title. 
Solomon looked back at her. 
He realized that she was not looking his way at all. Instead, she was looking expectantly ahead.
He was shocked by her actions. 
After roughly an hour of waiting, Giichi Minamoto, the head of the Minamoto family, finally nodded. 
“Fine, but this time, you must announce it to the entire Terrandya that you are marrying my daughter. Furthermore, you must host your wedding for everyone to see, and it must follow my country’s culture.” 
Finally, he had agreed. 
However, his approval came with conditions. He would only marry Ichika off if Solomon held a grand wedding following their culture and announced their matrimony to the entire world. 
Isn’t that a given? 
When Sabrina heard his requests, she still had not really understood the situation yet. She thought it was great news. 
It was not until they left Giichi’s room that one of the subordinates following Solomon explained the reality of things to her. 
“Ms. Sabrina, following our culture, if Mr. Akiyama wants to marry Ms. Minamoto, he must, firstly, honor the Minamoto family with a generous gift. The gift has to be something that no one in Terrandya can look down upon. 
“Secondly, when he comes to propose the marriage, Mr. Akiyama’s father must be there too. It is a way of showing respect. 
“Finally, when Ichika is about to marry off, since the Minamoto family are nobles, there is a procedure to follow that has been passed down from the royal family. From the acceptance to the blessings, and finally the wedding, there are a total of ten steps. Every step must be followed carefully. It will be very troublesome.”
After so much explanation, the subordinate could feel his mouth going dry. 
On the other hand, Sabrina was baffled listening to all this. 
It’s just a marriage. Is it really necessary to make it so complicated? From the acceptance to the blessings… Also, what ten steps is he talking about? 
Her mind was a complete mess. Looking to the man ahead of her some distance away, his expression was not particularly pleased either. She was left with no choice. There was only one thing she could do. Hence, she whipped out her phone and began discussing it in the group chat. 
At this moment, Solomon was already at the door and was about to step out. 
“Mr. Akiyama!” 
Suddenly, a light, feminine voice rang. 
Solomon turned to look back. He saw a girl dressed in the Jetroinian traditional outfit with her hair in a bun come running over. 
“Mr. Akiyama, d-did my father agree when you went to talk to him about our marriage? What did he say?” 
There were beads of sweat lined on her forehead from the running. When she heard that he was finally here, she had rushed over excitedly. At the same time, she was feeling extremely shy. Her cheeks were blushing bright pink. 
Solomon was dazed. 
To be honest, when he had come out earlier, he was feeling rather frustrated.
Of all the conditions that Giichi had asked for, there was not a single one that Solomon could comply with. He had no family or friends. Although he had a sister, there was no way he could allow her to take on such a heavy responsibility of planning such a grandeur wedding. 
He was nothing but a loner. 
Now, he lowered his gaze and looked at the girl who was running toward him. Her clear, bright eyes were filled with hope and excitement. 
In an instant, his heart melted. 
“Don’t worry. Just wait for me at home.” 
“Okay!” 
Hearing that, she was over the moon. 
Her big, round eyes curved into the shape of the moon. Her tiny face was overflowing with happiness. The sun was not nearly as bright when shining next to her. 
She really was just an innocent little girl. 
No one knew why she insisted on marrying a man who was almost thirty years old. 
When Solomon stepped out of the Minamoto residence, Sabrina was already chattering away in the Whatsapp group chat. Notifications were sounding nonstop. 
Sasha: Sab, give us more detail. What is the Minamoto family asking for? You have to let us know so we can get ready. 
Sabrina: Please! I’ve already said so much, do you still not get it?
Mr. Wand: Sab, I don’t really get it either… 
Devin: Darling, can you repeat it one more time? 
Sabrina felt completely helpless. 
The only people that had not responded so far were Sebastian and Jonathan. 
However, this was not surprising at all. Jonathan was well into his old age, so he could not stand the chitter-chatter of the younger generation. He probably had not joined into the conversation because he could not keep up.
###Chapter 1349
Chapter 1349
Chapter 1349 The Kids Are In Trouble 
Sebastian did not even appear in the group chat as he thought what Sabrina said was all nonsense. 
It drove the latter mad. 
Yet, someone suddenly said something in the group chat just then. 
Solomon: To put it simply, I need parents, relatives, and friends to come to Jetroina. The more the merrier. 
Everyone fell silent at his response. 
Does my sudden appearance scare them, or is it because they can’t satisfy my conditions? 
Solomon stared at the phone for a while. Seeing that no one replied, he had a sudden urge to throw the phone and drive away. 
He had plucked up a lot of courage to tell others something like that. 
His upbringing had made him a person who was unwilling to ask for help and accept help from others, so he had to summon up all his courage to send the text earlier. 
Mr. Wand: You gave me a scare. Isn’t that just like the aristocratic wedding under the feudal system of our country? That’s easy. I’ll go, Solomon. After having raised you for ten years, I can be considered your father, can’t I? 
Sasha: I freaked out. For a moment, I thought Solomon’s account has been hacked. Yeah, I see no issue in this. We can go there together. 
Devin: Would you like me to bring along a whole troop?
Old Mr. Jadeson: Seriously? We’re not going to war. I’ll just bring a few people over. Since these Jetroinians actually wanted such an arrangement, I’ll make it grand. Heh. 
Upon that, Jonathan started laughing. 
Everyone in the group chat was stunned because Jonathan had a status that was sufficient for him to participate in a royal wedding of Jetroina, let alone the wedding of the Minamoto family. 
Because of that, the gloomy atmosphere in the group chat earlier was finally dispelled. 
Solomon even felt a lump in his throat and could not speak for a long time. 
Shortly after that, Sebastian also appeared. 
Sebastian: As for the gift, a zircon mine will do. 
Solomon: I’ve got it ready. 
Everyone else was rendered speechless at the two’s responses. 
Just like that, time went by in the blink of an eye. 
As the wedding would be held in Jetroina three days later, everyone in the family was preparing for it after Solomon and Sabrina returned. 
“What should we do with the hillside villa?” Sabrina asked as the question crossed her mind upon her return from the wedding planner and hotel. 
Yet, Solomon was still busy working at his desk. Hence, when he heard her, he just replied nonchalantly, “Up to you.”
Speechless, Sabrina walked toward his desk and reprimanded, “What do you mean by that? Why do I feel like I’m the one getting married and not you?” 
Instantly, Solomon stopped typing on his laptop and looked up at the angry woman. 
“It’s not like I know anything about it.” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless at once. 
Fine. I won’t count on such an a**hole. 
Thus, she turned and left. 
However, Solomon suddenly added, “Don’t worry. When you get married to Devin, I’ll hold a grand wedding for you too.” 
At that, Sabrina stopped in her tracks. 
Is this a**hole saying that he’ll help me hold a wedding if I help him now? Hah! How ridiculous! 
She inwardly cursed, but her eyes turned red when she left the room. 
Meanwhile, at Frontier Bay, Sasha was busy as well. 
As she had just recovered, she could not strain herself, so she was in charge of choosing the custom- made wedding gowns and jewelry for Ichika for her wedding. 
“Look, Sebby, these Chanaean wedding outfits are so pretty.” 
The bridal shop sent more samples of the dresses to her. After going through them, she instantly fell in love with a bright red wedding gown.
Sebastian, who was checking the kids’ homework, stood up and looked at the gowns with her for a while upon hearing her words. 
“Yeah, it’s really pretty. If you like it, we can buy this in the future.” 
“Really?” 
The woman with sickly pallor was happy to hear his words. 
Suddenly, a kid was heard running up to them from outside the house. 
It was actually Jaena, who was covered in soil and grass. 
After she ran over, she immediately grabbed Sebastian’s hand. 
Despite being merely one year old, she was smart enough to know that she had to get an adult to do something she could not do. 
Hence, Sebastian was taken outside by her.
###Chapter 1350
Chapter 1350
Chapter 1350 Ian Will Be Taken Away 
“F-Fish…” Jaena pointed at the fish pond in the garden after taking Sebastian outside. 
The latter looked in the direction she was pointing and saw three kids looking inside the fish pond nervously on the edge of the pond. 
What are these kids doing? 
Carrying Jaena in his arms, Sebastian walked over. 
“Ian, Matteo, what are you guys doing?” 
“Huh?” 
The sudden appearance of Sebastian shocked the triplets. 
“N-Nothing, Daddy.” Being a smart kid, Matteo immediately wanted to run away with Vivian and Ian so as to avoid being punished by Sebastian, but it was too late. 
Right at that moment, Jaena, who was in Sebastian’s arms, pointed at the fish pond. “Fish…” 
She’s good at telling on others, isn’t she? Ugh! 
The triplets pulled a long face while glowering at the child in their father’s arms. 
Walking over to look into the pond, Sebastian finally saw what happened. It turned out that the koi fish he had been keeping for several years that worth more than tens of millions had died. 
“You—”
“Oh, Daddy, don’t be mad at Ian and Matt. They just wanted the fish to listen to some music. They didn’t expect all the fish would die after that thing was thrown inside,” Vivian hurriedly went up to Sebastian and pleaded upon seeing that he was angry. 
Wanted the fish to listen to some music so they threw it in? And now the fish are all dead? Are you serious? 
Sebastian thought that it was nonsense because Ian and Matteo had recently become more naughty than they were and frequently engaged in shenanigans. 
He put the child in his arms down to take a closer look at the fish. 
But at that moment, a housemaid in the garden suddenly ran over. “Mr. Hayes, someone’s looking for you.” 
“Who’s it?” Sebastian asked with a frown. 
“I’ve never seen them before, but they’re driving a black van with a logo on it,” the housemaid replied with a strange expression on her face. 
A logo? 
Feeling suspicious, Sebastian decided to deal with the fish’s death afterward as he left Jaena with Vivian and walked to the gate. 
Having had a status higher than his previous position as the president of Hayes Corporation, he rarely had any visitor when he was at home nowadays. 
In no time, he reached the gate.
“Mr. Jadeson, it’s really your house. Please allow me to introduce you to the director of the Internal Communication Office and also the head of the national research institute, which is responsible for the research of special projects in the country.” 
Sebastian was a little surprised that the visitors had gotten off the car. 
Upon seeing him, one of the visitors excitedly called out the name he used in Jadeborough and introduced the two middle-aged men who had also gotten off the car to him. 
Internal Communication Office? Research institute? 
Sebastian was baffled at their sudden arrival. 
“Is something wrong?” 
“You see, Mr. Jadeson, our men at the Internal Communication Office often find that our signal is quickly cut off by someone recently. As you know, the signal for internal communication is much stronger than those in the market, so being cut off like this has attracted our attention.” 
“Then what?” 
“Then, they looked into it and found that the location of the person who cut off our signal is situated here… at your place,” one of the middle-aged men faltered, revealing the true intention of their visit. 
Sebastian was dumbfounded once again. 
At my place? Is he saying that…? 
“No, don’t get me wrong, Mr. Jadeson. You’re a great hero of our country. We won’t suspect you. We just heard that your sons are very smart and that the elder one is particularly good at hacking, so we just came here to find out.”
“That’s right, Mr. Jadeson. If it’s really your sons’ doing, they’re valuable talents. Our institute is hungry for such talents. If I remember correctly, Mr. Pence’s son used to be your friend, am I right ?” The head of the research institute interjected in a pleading tone. 
It was true that they had a vast appetite for talent. 
Such institutions of the state actually played a vital role in domestic development. They aided in improving the country’s defense and attack in terms of the military as well as economic development that led to the prosperity of its people. 
This was why these institutions were still safe and sound even when the country was in turmoil some time ago. 
It was like they were the foundation of the country. 
Even Eddie did not think about laying a finger on them back then. 
As it all finally made sense to Sebastian, he directly took the visitors inside. 
Half an hour later, Ian confessed that it was his doing. 
“Daddy, I didn’t do it on purpose. After reading the books that Aunt Sabrina gave me, I wanted to give it a try, but I didn’t know that it was their optical cable. I chose it only because it had a stronger signal.” 
Everyone was speechless at his answer. 
Some people spent their whole life learning about the skills, but they might not even be on par with him. 
Yet the kid actually did it just because he wanted to give it a try and merely chose the signal because it was stronger.
Upon that, the head of the research institute was so excited that his hands trembled. “Mr. Jadeson, can he leave with me? I promise you that I’ll definitely train him and make him the backbone of the country!”
###Chapter 1351
Chapter 1351
Chapter 1351 What Should Vivian Do If They All Leave 
Sebastian did not agree to it on the spot as he needed to consider two things—firstly, Ian’s willingness to go there; secondly, he needed to discuss with Sasha. The latter was the most important thing to him. 
That night, everyone came to Frontier Bay. 
“What kind of place is the research institute? Is it better than the school we found for Little Ian?” asked Sabrina. 
“It’s where top talents are trained. At present, there’s no place in the country that can compare with it,” Devin replied. 
Sabrina was lost for words. 
“That’s true. I think Ian should go. He’s talented and intelligent. We shouldn’t let his ability go to waste. He should contribute to the country,” Rufus pointed out. 
Having been a soldier before, he was still proud of the fact that one was being able to serve the country. 
Hearing their remarks, Sasha felt a lump in her throat. 
She knew that it was a good thing, but her son was only ten years old. Besides, he was more withdrawn than ordinary children. Even though he had changed a lot after Matteo and Vivian came, she was worried that he would go back to his old self if he went to an unfamiliar place again. 
If that really happened, she would rather not send him there. 
All she wanted was for her children to be healthy. Other than that, nothing else mattered.
“Alright, I’m not a welfare institution. I almost died for this country, and now they want me to send my son to the country? It’s not like I’m indebted to it.” Sebastian finally spoke. 
He made the remark after glancing at the woman next to him who had been silently wiping the corners of her eyes. 
Hearing his words, no one dared to to it, whereas Sasha immediately looked up with a twinkle in her teary eye. 
Thirty minutes later, Vivian and Matteo went to Ian’s bedroom on the second floor after they were done showering. 
“What do you think, Ian? Do you really want to go to the research institute?” 
Vivian, like Sasha, was a soft-hearted girl, so she could not help feeling sad upon learning that Ian would go study somewhere far away. 
Ian remained silent, whereas Matteo patted him on the back. 
“It’s okay. We’ll support you in whatever decision you make. In fact, I think it’s a good thing that you have a bigger platform for your development, instead of having to do things sneakily at home.” 
“Really?” 
Ian, who had been in a dilemma, finally looked up and fixed his gaze on Matteo. 
Matteo patted his chest. “Yes. I’ve also decided to go to the military with Uncle Devin when I grow up. I want to learn how to drive tanks, fighter jets, and warships from him. I want to learn everything!” 
His eyes shone with excitement, and so was Ian’s. 
Seeing this, Vivian looked at both of them and felt like crying.
“What should I do then? What should I do if both of you leave?” 
“Huh?” 
Both Ian and Matteo looked at her. 
Only then did they realize that they had neglected her. 
“Don’t cry. What do you want to do when you grow up? I’ll help you to analyze,” Matteo immediately comforted her. Being smart as he was, he tried to involve her in their topic. 
Though there were teardrops hanging on Vivian’s eyelashes, she finally stopped crying. 
“I…” 
She tilted her head and gave it a thought. 
Unfortunately, she realized that she was not good at anything other than eating. 
Seeing that she had no clue, Matteo was at a loss for words. 
“Don’t you like making clothes for dolls? You also often make beautiful headwear for Jaena. You can learn this,” Ian proposed. 
“Oh, you’re right,” Vivian exclaimed. 
Thinking of this, she took out the small pink pearl that she had been wearing on her neck. 
The pearl had already been inlaid by her in a beautiful eagle made of silvery-white craft wires. With just a few twirls, the dangling piece of artwork was formed effortlessly despite her young age. 
At that moment, she was holding it in her hand happily.
Staring at the eagle for a while, Matteo could not help but ask, “Vivi, why did you make an eagle? Do you not like butterflies?” 
“No, I don’t. This is from Brother Cal!” 
After answering Matteo, she left with the pendant with a spring in her step. 
Brother Cal? Calvin, who was long gone? 
Both Ian and Matteo let out a sigh. 
That night, the triplets slept soundly because they found their own future goals and dreams, whereas their parents also had a good night’s sleep as they did not dwell on the matter anymore. 
Time flew by. It was soon the day when Solomon’s wedding was held in Jetroina. 
Everyone in Frontier Bay woke up early that day. Sasha was busy dressing up the three children, whereas Sebastian went to Hayes Corporation as Solomon had gone to Jetroina the day before for his wedding preparation. 
At the same time, Sabrina went to Hayes residence. 
She planned on bringing her family members to Jetroina since that was what the Jetroinians wanted.
###Chapter 1352
Chapter 1352
Chapter 1352 Sober Girl 
“Sabrina, what do you think of my outfit? It took me a long time to pick out the outfit. I don’t want to embarrass our family in an overseas wedding.” 
“Me too. Sabrina, check out mine too.” 
“And mine.” 
The female family members went up to Sabrina to ask her opinion on their outfits. 
Seeing this, Sabrina waved her hand. “Don’t worry about this. I’ve prepared the outfits for all of you. Devin will send them over later. Just wear the dresses and suits that I custom-made for you and the jewelry as well.” 
Awesome! 
Everyone in the Hayes residence was thrilled. 
When all of them packed up and emerged from the house, it was a sight to behold as everyone looked extremely well dressed. 
Devin, who was standing on the side with his daughter in his arms, was amused at the sight. 
“Darling, I’m afraid Sebastian won’t let you head the household next time.” 
“Why?” 
Sabrina frowned at once.
At that moment, Wendy happened to pass by and overheard their conversation. She could not help but laugh and chime in, “Come on, Mr. Jadeson, Ms. Hayes just wanted to make sure everything looks good for Mr. Solomon over there, so it doesn’t matter how much she’s spent.” 
Hearing that, Devin was rendered speechless. 
Sabrina echoed, “That’s right!” 
Afterward, she set off with the big group of people. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had also done dressing up her kids, who looked exceptionally dazzling. It was as if they were preparing to walk down a fashion runway. 
“What are you wearing, Mommy?” 
“Well…” 
After looking at her dresses in the closet, Sasha finally decided to wear a relatively plain, mauve- colored maxi dress. 
She did not want to steal the limelight from the bride and the groom because she knew that the groom did not do so wholeheartedly and that it was probably because of her. 
As soon as she was done changing, Sebastian came back. 
“Are you done?” 
Standing at the door of the bedroom, Sebastian could not help but knit his brows upon seeing her outfit that was no different than usual. 
Sasha nodded. “Yeah. Do you want to get changed?”
Saying nothing, Sebastian walked over and took off his suit. Then, he put on a slightly brighter shirt. 
Being smart as he was, he understood her intention of wearing such an outfit, so he wanted to support her in whatever decision she made. 
After they got changed and went downstairs, Karl and the rest had also come over. 
“Mr. Hayes, there are a total of six private jets and also ten helicopters from Oceanic Estate. It should be enough.” 
“What?” 
Sasha was flabbergasted. 
Are we attending a wedding or going to war? 
“Sebby, that’s…” 
“It’s okay. So be it. You have yet to fully recover, so I got one private jet for our family. Let Devin and Sabrina handle the rest. As for Oceanic Estate, it’s Dad’s idea, so it has nothing to do with me.” 
Sebastian got himself clear of the arrangement made in Oceanic Estate. 
Seeing this, Sasha knew that she should say nothing further. 
Half an hour later, they left for Jetroina. It caused a sensation in Avenport as people in the city witnessed the unprecedentedly grand procession. For the entire day, news about it was all over the Internet. 
After the Minamoto family received the news, they were struck dumb and could not speak for a long time.
It was not until Aoi caught on and reminded everyone to expand the venue to entertain the guests that everyone hurriedly got to work. 
Six private jets and ten helicopters! Damn. That’s really something. 
In the end, reporters and aristocrats from all over Terrandya came to watch the spectacular wedding. 
It was said that even the royal family had come. 
Ichika was overjoyed when she heard the news. 
“You must be relieved now, Ms. Minamoto. Mr. Akiyama’s family is so much powerful than the Tsurka family.” 
“That’s right. You’ll live a happy life in the future, Ms. Minamoto.” 
“Mm-hmm.” 
Sitting before her dressing table, Ichika was so happy that her face had turned beet red. 
Just as she was dressing up, Himari, her sister, came over. 
Blinded by jealousy and rage, she rushed over and flipped off Ichika’s jewelry and cosmetic storage box. 
“Himari, what—” 
“You happy now? You finally found a good husband, but he was mine in the first place!” Himari yelled at Ichika. 
Ichika went pale while her eyes reddened. “That’s not true. I took the initiative to get out there. You didn’t want him because he’s an illegitimate child, so I went out.”
Even though she was afraid, she was clear-headed. 
Seeing that she still remembered everything that happened earlier, Himari got even more peeved.
###Chapter 1353
Chapter 1353
Chapter 1353 Scatty Men 
“That’s been your devious little scheme all along, hasn’t it? You strove to get out first because you’ve already known how much influence he wields over there. Great! Now you’ll be wedded to him while I’d be forced to marry Hiroshi Tsurka in your stead. Are you satisfied now?” 
She stabbed at her younger sister’s nose with an accusing finger until her own face contorted with rage. 
Ichika was stunned. 
Is Himari to be married off to Hiroshi Tsurka? 
Completely blindsided, she was mystified as to why she was not informed and when this decision even came about. 
The young lass became riddled with guilt. “I’m sorry, Himari, I’ve no idea. But don’t worry. I’ll definitely try to talk father and mother out of this after the wedding.” 
“Talk to them? Is there a point to it?” Himari scoffed at her sister’s reply. 
At that, Ichika found herself at a loss for words. 
Nonetheless, she did not want her older sister to marry that repugnant man and was thus determined to take a crack at it no matter what. 
“Himari, I…” 
“There’s one thing you can do though, and that is by giving up your place as the bride today to me. That is the best and only way by which you’ll be able to help me.”
That took her own sister as well as the two servants in attendance by surprise. The latter two’s eyes widened as they lifted their gaze. 
“Ms. Himari… How could this be acceptable?” 
“That’s right. Ms. Ichika is the one Mr. Akiyama wants to marry, so how could we change out the bride?” 
“How does that matter? Isn’t the swapping of brides a common occurrence in our Jetroinian weddings? The princesses of old have done it, so why not us?” 
Having said that, she started to snatch at Ichika’s headdress. 
Young Ichika’s initial shock finally cumulated in a profound rage, and she responded by forcefully repulsing Himari before she deftly sprung herself back onto her feet. 
“How could you say such outrageous things to me, Himari? Do you think this is something up for barter? I always used to give up whatever you wished to take from me, but not this time. Should you continue to behave inappropriately, I’ll have you smacked up and then dragged before father and mother to be judged for your misdeeds!” 
She chastised this older sister of hers like an angered lioness. Those bright round eyes of hers blazed like fireballs, and she had even lifted the hem of her spotless white wedding dress to expose her fair and slender limbs. 
Her body language conveyed this simple message. I’ll kick you out if you don’t leave! 
The color immediately drained from Himari’s face. 
The two servants to the side seemed to have recovered their own composure when Ichika lost her cool. They then turned to regard the troublemaker Himari with a look of displeasure.
Attagirl. That was their Ms. Ichika, the second young lady of the house of Minamoto. 
No one knew that the deceptively demure exterior belied an explosive little spitfire if pushed to her limits. 
With her being as skilled as she was, woe be to anyone who dares trifle with her! 
In the end, Himari could only slink away quickly and quietly. 
Only then did Ichika sit back down and allow the servants to continue dressing her. 
“No, both of you. Find someone to keep an eye on her and make sure she doesn’t stir up any more trouble. I’ll never let her hear the end of it if she won’t allow my wedding to Akiyama to proceed peacefully today.” 
Her thoroughness manifested in those resolute words, expressed through that sweet voice of hers. 
Then off went the two servants to follow through on their orders. 
It was not long before the roaring of jet engines emanated from the skies above. 
Good grief. That must be about a dozen or so aircraft! 
The Minamotos must find a place for all of those planes to land. They might have no problems coping with one, but a dozen? Who could possibly own a house big enough to accommodate that many? 
While the planes circled the airspace over Terrandya for some time, the reporters below were having a field day snapping away on their cameras before the pilots flew in concert toward the local airport. 
That cannot be helped as it was the only place where they would be able to land.
Old Mr. Jadeson: This is ridiculous. What sort of family is this that cannot accommodate my planes? I can do that even at my Oceanic Estate! 
Sabrina, Sasha, and Devin sent back emojis which expressed their collective reticence. 
Finally, it was Rufus, who came with them but was traveling on a separate private jet, who raised a critical point. 
Mr. Wand: If we were to head to the airport, how are we to get ourselves back here when we haven’t any transportation arranged prior? 
Sabrina: We’re guests here, so surely the Minamoto family must see to this? 
Sasha: We might need a few dozen vehicles, seeing that there are so many of us. Do they have this many in their own fleet? 
Devin: Not sure about that. Shall I try to reach out to the Foreign Affairs Department here to have some military transports deployed here instead? 
That yielded no response from Sabrina and Sasha while Jonathan tapped away on his fingertips. 
Old Mr. Jadeson: Has marriage turned you into a dimwit, you little rascal? Yesterday, you wanted to summon some troops for the wedding, and today, you want to deploy some military transports. Do you take this to be some kind of war game?” 
After his rant, everyone in the chat group quietly started to visualize how exhilarating it could be to have those guests dressed to the nines roar through the streets on those military wheels. 
Left red-faced, Devin said no more while Sabrina beside him was so upset that she kicked him in the foot.
“If you have nothing better to say then don’t say nothing at all. Has all that you soldiering you’ve been doing made you crazy? Why do you keep coming back to this idea of featuring that equipment of yours at weddings?” 
“Why not? I’m also considering whether to go pick you up in a tank on our wedding day as well. Wouldn’t you fancy that?” 
Sabrina was flabbergasted at the sort of things that came out of the mouth of this man with a child in his arms. 
Seriously? 
Tongue-tied, all she knew that her head as about to explode!
###Chapter 1354
Chapter 1354
Chapter 1354 A Majestic Wedding 
In the end, a rather reasonable thirty cars were made available courtesy of Sebastian. With the exception of a Rolls-Royce in the lead, all the others were sports cars. 
It cannot be helped since they were pressed for time after the detour they made to the airport so they stormed, no, announced their arrival in glorious fashion. 
The local guests who were invited to the wedding at the Minamoto residence, including the Minamoto family themselves, were eyes gawking and mouth agape when this luxurious thirty car strong convoy made its spectacular entrance. 
This is insane! 
Such was the extent of this spectacle that even a royal wedding held here would pale in comparison. 
Giichi Minamoto, the head of the hosting family, finally showed his wholehearted approval of this wedding by coming out in person to receive Jonathan and Rufus. 
“Well met, Old Mr. Jadeson. It was our lack of consideration that caused you to rush all the way here!” 
As expected, he was thoroughly impressed and filled with respect for someone of Jonathan’s stature. At one point, he even introduced him to Ichika’s grandfather. 
Amidst a few rollicking words of pleasantries and a wave of his hand, Jonathan led his entourage inside. 
Because Sebastian, Sasha, and Devin were still on their way in, Ichika’s father remained outside to attend to the other guests.
What was strange was how this incumbent head of the Minamotos looked at Sasha, seemingly a little lost in thought as she approached with her three children. 
The look of this woman… 
“The Tsurka family have also arrived, Mr. Minamoto. Shall we receive them?” 
His thoughts were interrupted by a servant who suddenly came over with this to report. 
The Tsurkas? 
Giichi was all not that keen to entertain them. 
However, seeing that it was a wedding and they were someone Solomon himself was closely affiliated with, he cast the doubts aside he had for the time being and went over. 
With the last guests of the groom all seated, this Daedalian epic of a wedding was finally underway. 
“So, this is how they convey acceptance and blessings.” 
At the front row of the feast steeped in this culturally distinct atmosphere inside the hall, Sabrina observed as representatives from both sides exchanged gifts. Then the dignifiedly dressed yet joyous servants came before the wedding guests with a red tray in hand for the latter to place their own gifts inside. 
Her eyes soaked up everything with intrigue at yet another eye-opener for her. 
Every country has its own heritage and traditions, so like every other guest, there was no way she was going to be derisive of it. 
If anything, she was delighted for the opportunity to enhance her own knowledge of curiosities and proud to be able to partake in such a majestic affair.
The completion of these two rituals marked the formal commencement of the wedding banquet and this meant the bride’s turn to take center stage was imminent. 
“Wow. I’m really looking forward to seeing Ichika. She must look absolutely smashing as the bride today.” Ever the impatient one, the arrival of this segment filled Sabrina’s heart with tremendous anticipation. 
Meanwhile, Devin was kept busy with his baby-sitting duties. 
As it was little Jaena’s first experience in such a bustling setting, the active girl was naturally unable to sit still. 
Left with little choice but to keep playing catch-up behind the rambunctious girl, the frustrated father almost wanted to bind her with a rope and have her kept on a short leash. 
“Grandpa… Grandpa…” She spotted Jonathan drinking in the company of the Minamoto elder and decidedly parted her stubbly little legs and dashed toward them. 
That made Devin groan under his breath. 
Thump! 
At this moment, the crisp tang of a string instrument reverberated inside the wedding venue. 
Jaena stopped halfway and lifted her little noggin upward briefly before she scooted back toward her own father. 
“Daddy… Daddy…” 
“Okay. Now you know to be afraid. Come here, you.”
Devin smiled in relief before he scooped his daughter into his arms. 
Very quickly, the intensity of the strumming built up. Shortly after, everything inside the venue came to a standstill when the audience found themselves enraptured by the sight of a snowy-white fabric trailing in the wind. 
“Wow. Is that the bride?” Vivian was quite captivated by its poetic quality while seated with her parents. 
Sasha hugged her and regarded her affectionately. “I think so. Now shush, all of you. Shall we see how beautiful our new bride is today?” 
That was how she coaxed her children. 
She herself was actually as eager as they were. After all, as much as she had heard about Ichika Minamoto, she was only here on medical missions on previous visits and never had the opportunity to meet her in person. 
Hence she was quite keen to see how this extremely popular young lady actually looked like. 
After the glimpse of that flowing white sleeve, Solomon showed up in a full tuxedo hand in hand alongside a youthful woman in a pristine white Jetroinian traditional outfit. 
What kind of girl is she? 
In line with Jetroinia’s marital customs, the bride-to-be would be decked out in the customary whites of their traditional outfit that symbolized innocence and purity.
###Chapter 1355
Chapter 1355
Chapter 1355 The Person In His Sights 
However, because she was a noble lady, the girl was not wearing just a white Jetroinian traditional outfit. Apart from the white clothes, she also had bright-colored accessories with intricate designs hanging on her, which were accessories worn by people with a distinguished status. 
The style of her hair accessories also had the standard royal design—a tall bun with pearl flowers on it. Everyone couldn’t take their eyes off her after having seen her elegance. 
“You’re gorgeous.” 
“Yeah, so beautiful.” 
“Yes!” 
Even Ian, who wasn’t good with words, nodded in agreement, not to mention the entire crowd of guests. 
Sasha also looked at her with a smile. Naturally, she was pretty satisfied. 
To her, it wasn’t because of the beauty of the girl, but after she came out and saw a pair of big sparkling eyes nestled in the fair skin on her face, she couldn’t help but look away toward the gaze of the other men next to her from time to time. 
It was a form of affection. 
Only this girl could look full of joy in her eyes. 
Therefore, Sasha was very satisfied. 
“Mommy, I want to eat this.”
After seeing her beautiful aunt, Vivian, being the little glutton she was, began to eat again. 
When Sasha heard her, she rubbed her little head and cut the fish in front of her. 
The two of them, mother and daughter, enjoyed their meal. 
However, in the quiet wedding, the people who cared about them overheard their conversation without them knowing. Thus, they shifted their gazes onto the two of them. 
“Mr. Akiyama?” The emcee who was hosting the wedding ceremony called out to Solomon. 
Ichika still had her head down from bowing. When she heard the name, she raised her head in surprise. 
That was when she saw Solomon looking across the table gently. 
Ichika was rendered speechless. 
She had never seen Solomon looking at her like that. Ever since she knew him, he had always been cold and indifferent toward her, even if they were getting married. 
He only treated her with respect and care, but she had never seen warmth in his eyes. 
Ichika tightened her grip on her fan and followed the direction of his gaze only to realize that he was looking at the pair of mother and daughter. At that moment, Sasha was patiently slicing up fish for her daughter. 
Sasha’s hair was plain and long, concealing her shoulders. She didn’t wear many accessories on her hair; there was only a pearl hairpin pinned to above her right ear. The woman dressed casually in a pink-colored long dress, which didn’t stand out in the crowd. 
However, in Ichika’s eyes, Sasha was the most attractive person at the wedding.
Because, behind Sasha’s droopy eyelids, lay a trace of elegance and tenderness. No matter when she frowned or smiled, Ichika could visualize the radiance on Sasha’s face even without her raising her head, just like the portrait that had been hanging in the memorial hall of the Minamoto residence. 
“Ms. Minamoto?” 
“Huh?” 
She panicked and retracted her gaze. 
“What are you looking at? It’s time for us to meet your father.” Solomon reminded Ichika at that moment. 
If only Ichika overlooked that minor detail that she saw, maybe, just maybe, she might have been delighted by Solomon’s expression and attitude. He was very initiative. However, that was something she never dared to yearn for before this. 
But now, after she heard that, her joy faded away in an instant. Instead, she lowered her head as a hint of melancholy progressively throbbed in her chest. She finally realized that even though Solomon had agreed and was constantly being initiative, he didn’t have the slightest hint of being bashful, awkward, or embarrassed. His actions seemed more like he was complying with his responsibilities and cooperating eagerly with no fluctuation of emotions. 
At long last, Ichika finished the ceremony with mixed emotions. 
After the ceremony, she was sent back into her room. But the wedding was still going on. As a matter of fact, the wedding was at its peak. 
“Devin, go ask your brother and his family to come over for a drink with Mr. Minamoto. We’ll be a family from now on, so let’s get to know each other.”
After three rounds of drinks, Jonathan, as the eldest, waved at Devin and Sebastian, gesturing them to bring their families over. 
It was quite the royal treatment even though the marriage of the Jadesons wasn’t very significant. 
Ichika’s dad quickly set the table with wine glasses and straightened his appearance while awaiting the two young couples to come over. Ichika’s grandfather did the same. 
With that, Devin and his wife, along with Sebastian, also brought Sasha over. 
Unexpectedly, when the four of them held up their wine glasses and were about to toast the two elders of the Minamoto family, Ichika’s grandfather suddenly shuddered when he saw Sasha. 
“Judith?” 
“What?” 
Everyone, including Sasha and Sebastian, turned toward him. 
What is this old man talking about?
###Chapter 1356
Chapter 1356
Chapter 1356 Untold History 
After the startlement, Ichika’s grandfather excitedly stood up. He stared at Sasha and trembled for a moment before standing up from the table, rushing toward her. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was stunned speechless. 
Before she could even react, Sebastian, who stood next to her, had already wrapped his arms around her from behind. 
“What are you doing?” Sebastian exclaimed. 
His face was grim, and his voice was sharp when he lashed out those words. 
When Ichika’s father saw what happened, he quickly got up and stopped his disoriented father. 
At the same time, Solomon came out as well. 
“Grandpa, what are you doing? She’s not Judith. She’s Mr. Wand’s daughter.” 
“What?” Ichika’s grandfather finally settled down. 
After hearing that name, the people around them who experienced the turmoil back then had their eyes wide open, showing emotions of disbelief. 
Judith Sylvester? 
She’s actually appeared? Right here? 
A few minutes later, everyone settled down, and Ichika’s father began to tell the tale of the past.
“Back in the years, my mother met my father when she came here to study, and they loved each other ever since. Later on, because of the turmoil in your country, she promised a classmate with the family name of Limmer that she would go home. At that time, she had hoped my father would go with her. However, my father was the heir to the Minamoto family, and he could never go back with her. Thus, the two were separated in the end.” 
His story was a short one. 
However, the story rendered all those who just only learned about the glorious deeds of that outstanding woman speechless. 
Especially Sasha. 
She was surprised to find out that her grandmother had such untold history. 
After processing for a while, she realized that it wasn’t a big deal. 
Her grandmother was a great person. Back in those years, she gave up the love of her life and children to devote herself to the cause of fighting for the country. 
Therefore, nobody had the right to criticize or reprimand her private life. 
“Then… could Sasha’s mother be…” 
“No. When she left, she only gave birth to Jen. I tried looking for her later, but she had already remarried to a comrade who had the same aspirations as her, and they gave birth to a girl. I don’t blame her for that. Instead, I loathed myself for not going with her in the first place.” 
As Ichika’s grandfather told the story, he looked up toward the monochrome photo on the wall and burst into tears.
Jen was actually Ichika’s father, and it was a domestic name given by Judith. 
In fact, Ichika’s grandfather never really got his head around it. For a person like Judith, even if she were to remain in Jetroina, she wouldn’t stay with him for long. That was because his family would not allow him to marry a foreign woman. Therefore, Judith eventually left. 
She kept her son as a memento of the man who loved her dearly. 
For Ichika’s father to grow up in the Minamoto family legitimately, Ichika’s grandfather remarried a daughter from a noble family of a good match. Thus, becoming the current head of the Minamoto family. 
The crowd finally understood, and Sebastian, standing next to him, felt relieved after knowing that his wife had nothing to do with the Jetroinian family. 
After all, he had never liked that family. 
However, that meant Sasha and Ichika were cousins twice removed. 
Nonetheless, he felt upset again while thinking about the possibility of Solomon marrying Ichika for this exact reason, which was replacing his wife that had been taken away. 
“Let’s go.” 
“Huh?” Sasha looked at Sebastian as he dragged her. 
“I’m not done yet. I still want to see my grandma.” She pointed at the photo and hurriedly pleaded. 
However, Sebastian didn’t comply. 
As though something ruined his mood, he took out his phone, quickly snapped a picture of the old photo, and dragged Sasha away.
Devin and his wife, and also Rufus and Jonathan remained there. They exchanged uneasy glances. 
That man. What is his problem? 
Sebastian left early with Sasha and their three children, leaving Devin and Sabrina. By the time everyone had left, it was already late at night. 
“We should leave too.” 
After watching everyone leave, Solomon prepared to leave too. 
Ichika overheard them and was surprised that everyone was already leaving. 
However, according to the customs here, it wasn’t necessary to stay at their parents’ house at night, but they had to come over again the next day for the tea ceremony. 
Ichika looked at Solomon attentively for a moment. 
“Alright. Please wait for me. I’ll change my clothes and headdress.” She obediently complied while subconsciously scrunching her eyebrows before going in to pack up. 
Ten minutes later, she came out after changing into fresh casual clothes and left the home that raised her for twenty years with him. 
She hesitated, wondering if she was making the right choice. 
However, she was willing to give it a try. Akiko once told her that Solomon was unwilling to marry because he was in love with another woman, and he would never forget her for the rest of his life. 
Finally, she got to see that woman in person today. 
She hoped that she could use the rest of her life to make him accept her with her actions.
Ichika wasn’t asking for him to forget that woman, but she hoped that she would one day have a special place of her own in his heart, a place that belonged to her, Ichika Minamoto, his wife.
###Chapter 1357
Chapter 1357
Chapter 1357 She Sweetly Called Him Darling 
After the wedding, everyone finally became quiet again. 
Ichika followed Solomon to Avenport, and they both stayed in a hillside villa that Sabrina bought for them. The villa wasn’t far from downtown and Frontier Bay. Thus, they could come over very often. 
Initially, Sabrina wanted to take her daughter and return to Jadeborough with Devin after the wedding. 
After all, she was married to the Jadesons, and it wouldn’t be nice to keep staying with her parents. 
But when she was just about to leave, she received news from Frontier Bay. She was told that Ian wanted to go to the research institute. After hearing the news, Sebastian and Sasha decided to go together as a family. 
Damn it. Now the whole family is going? 
Sabrina hurried over to Sasha as soon as she heard it. 
“What’s going on? Why is Ian going to that place out of a sudden? Aren’t you worried at all?” She grabbed Sasha by the shoulders and interrogated her. 
However, Sasha had already made peace with Ian’s decision. Thus, she smiled and replied, “That’s right. But he said that he wants to learn, and he’s interested. So his father and I decided to not stop him.” 
“Then why are you all going too? To keep him company? Why is this such a big deal?” 
“Uhm.” 
Looking at the agitated Sabrina, Sasha didn’t know how to explain it to her for a moment.
Sasha also thought it was ridiculous when Sebastian first brought up this matter. It was okay to keep Ian company, but it wasn’t really necessary to all go with him. 
Soon, Sebastian came over with a map in his hand and explained that the research institute wasn’t located in any ordinary city but on an island. Nobody knew about it because it was a highly classified location by the country. 
“So, as Sebastian said, since we’re going there, and I need to take a break, it’s better to stay there for a while.” 
“The heck!” 
Apart from being envious, Sabrina was bitter. 
She was annoyed that her husband was dense and that Sasha’s husband was romantic and considerate enough to even think of taking his wife with him to recuperate, even when he was only going to accompany his son. 
At that, Sabrina could only go back angrily while she contemplated her miserable life. 
Two days later, she returned to Jadeborough with Devin and their kids. Sasha and Sebastian were also about to go to Avenport with the triplets and to send Ian to the research institute. 
Ichika heard about the news at home. That night, she waited for Solomon to come home then headed to the study to ask him about this. 
She wore a pair of fuzzy slippers and a cute headband with cat ears over her thick curly hair. After seeing Solomon in the study, she said affectionately, “Darling, I heard that Sha and the rest are heading to the research institute tomorrow with Ian. Should we send them off?” 
That was the nickname she had used for the past two days.
Since they were married, she thought that she should no longer address her husband as “Mr. Akiyama.” Therefore, in the future, she would happily address him as “Darling.” 
However, Solomon, who was still typing away on the computer, felt a sudden discomfort after hearing how she was calling him. Even his fingers that were clacking away on the keyboard froze. 
Ichika looked at him with a pair of dark watery eyes. 
“No. I have a meeting tomorrow morning, and you can’t drive. They won’t be staying there for long anyway.” 
“Okay.” Ichika obediently agreed. 
Not long after she turned around and left, Solomon heard sounds of movements from the kitchen downstairs. 
Solomon sighed. 
He didn’t like the feeling of suddenly having another person in his quiet home. 
Suddenly having things that didn’t belong to him in his home after living alone for thirty years was challenging for him to adapt to. 
For example, when he came home from work, he would only see his array of dark shoes in the shoe cabinet. Suddenly, there were pink-colored shoes now. Moreover, those pink shoes looked exceptionally ridiculous. Some shoes were furry and shaped like a rabbit, and some were shaped like a puppy with ears drooping off the sides. 
These things forced their way into his life so hard that every time he came home, he would hesitate to open the shoe cabinet, worrying that he might lay his eyes on something even more outrageous after
opening it. 
Also, the furnishings, toiletries, and more. 
Although they didn’t share a room, he could always notice something extra in his bedroom whenever he came home. 
For example, the bathroom would suddenly have a pink rinsing cup and pink toilet paper. And every time he pulled a sheet of toilet paper, he would notice that it wasn’t just plain ol’ toilet paper. They would have various anime characters printed on them. 
It was ridiculous! 
“Darling, I cooked supper. It’s udon. I also added fried shrimp and salmon in it.” Ichika’s voice echoed from the floor below. Then, a series of happy footsteps ran up the stairs. And not long after, Solomon, who only managed to be busy for a short moment, laid his eyes on Ichika with a pair of cat ears on her head. Here she comes again. 
She ran in, holding a small stone pot in her hands, accompanied by her sweet, radiant smile on her little round face. 
For some reason, Solomon was annoyed. 
Why does she like to torment me so much? What time is it already? Can’t you just go and rest quietly? 
He finally got impatient. “I don’t have the habit of eating supper. Take it away.” 
“Oh?” 
After hearing that, Ichika, who had just put down the pot, suddenly looked dejected, and the smile on her small face crumbled.
###Chapter 1358
Chapter 1358
Chapter 1358 The Adult World 
Solomon was rendered speechless. 
For some inexplicable reason, he suddenly felt bad for Ichika. Squeezing his hands, he changed his tune. “Just place it here, I’ll eat it once I’m done with my work.” 
“Sure.” 
Just like a child, she was on the verge of tears when he rejected her. 
However, the moment he allowed her to put it there, she was as happy as a lark. 
Her carefree attitude amused him. 
Afterward, Solomon threw himself back into work. 
When he finished reading his emails, he lifted his head to glance around. Only then did he realize she had not left but stayed right next to the coffee table. 
Nevertheless, she had dozed off on the couch. Her flawless face looked pinkish. Holding a pillow, she seemed to be having a good dream that she drooled in her slumber. 
The corner of Solomon’s eyes twitched. 
In the end, he decided to carry Ichika to her bedroom. 
However, as soon as he picked her up, the delicate woman squirmed in his arms before mumbling, “Darling…” 
Meanwhile, Sasha decided to depart the next morning itself.
The three children had gotten ready and dressed themselves up, waiting for their parents to come over. 
“Does this mean we are going to school together with Ian?” 
Vivian was thrilled by the idea because she could finally be with her brothers again. 
Matteo was delighted as well. 
However, after studying here for over half a year, he felt reluctant to leave his schoolmates and be transferred to another school. 
“Mommy, I’m calling my friends now. They said they would come to send me off today.” 
“What?” 
Sasha never knew that her son was a social butterfly. This discovery piqued her curiosity at once. 
Unexpectedly, after hearing her brother’s words, Vivian followed suit and contacted her best friend, Jessica, too. Never had Sasha thought that her two little kids would do this right before they departed. 
In the end, when everything was packed, and the family was ready to set off, they saw many children in front of the villa. 
“Matteo! Open the door! We’re here to see you.” 
“Yeah, Vivi, we’re here too. We’ve even brought you many gifts. Open the door now!” 
“Hurry up!” 
A dozen of children were hollering outside. It was quite a sight.
As a result, Sebastian and Sasha had no choice but to hold off whatever they were doing then and let their daughter and son usher their friends in for a spontaneous farewell party. 
“Sebby, are you impressed that these two have so many friends?” 
“Yeah.” 
With his eyes fixed on those children in the garden, Sebastian did not refute her words. 
Sasha was all puffed up because of their agreements. 
Right then, Vivian suddenly dashed toward them with red-rimmed eyes. 
“Mommy, can I stay? I really like my buddies here. There is no school on that island. Just like in Miralaea, we will have no classmates and will be taught by the teacher only. I don’t like that.” 
Sasha was stupefied that her daughter wanted to change her mind. 
Oh no, she doesn’t want to go. What should I do now? We have to be there to take care of Ian. 
Hearing that, Sebastian’s brows knitted together. 
Soon, a group of Vivian’s humbly dressed friends came in after her. Their eyes misted over when they saw Vivian break down in tears. 
“Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, can’t you let Vivian stay? We really like her.” 
“Yes, we’ve promised one another we are going to become designers and make many beautiful dresses and jewelry. We’ve been working hard toward our goal.” 
“Exactly! Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, please let Vivian stay,” the little girls pleaded sincerely.
This put Sasha and Sebastian in a tight spot. 
In fact, Vivian was right. The research institute that they were heading to was indeed on an island. As for the two children, they were going to study together with the people at the research institute, just like how they did in Miralaea. 
This way, the couple would not need to worry about their children’s results, but the little ones would miss out on so much fun in their childhood. 
As children, they were certainly fun lovers. Besides, good interpersonal relationships were beneficial to their development. 
Sebastian was hesitant as well. 
“No problem. I think you guys should just let her stay here. There’s nothing to worry about since I’ll be here to take care of her.” 
At that critical moment, Sasha’s father, Rufus, came over. When he saw his granddaughter getting so upset, his heart ached for her, so he immediately took up the responsibility of taking care of her. 
Since her father would look after Vivian, Sasha was relieved. 
Therefore, they decided to allow Vivian to stay back. 
Her mother’s approval thrilled her. Over the moon, Vivian skipped away to tell her brothers the good news. 
Knowing that his sister was staying back, Matteo wanted to do the same. 
“Ian, I’ll stay here to look after Vivi. You should follow Daddy and Mommy to the island. Study hard, okay? I’ll visit you then.”
He patted his brother’s shoulder to comfort him. 
Although Ian felt slightly disappointed, the mature boy loved his sister very much, so he did not blame her.
###Chapter 1359
Chapter 1359
Chapter 1359 Saving Her Number 
In the end, Sasha and Sebastian only took Ian along when they set off, leaving Matteo and Vivian behind. 
Solomon was perplexed when he received the text from Sasha about this arrangement. 
He replied: What? Why aren’t they going? Didn’t they promise to go together? 
Sasha texted: Vivian changed her mind last minute and was unwilling to go. Besides, she’s a big girl now, so she needs friends. That’s why I let Matt stay here with her. Solomon, please help me take care of the two children. 
She requested, but the man did not reply. 
No one knew the impact the text had on him. Ever since the wedding was over, he felt as though something has been weighing on his chest. But now, the heaviness in his chest was finally lifted. 
He knew full well why Sebastian was eager to take his entire family away from here. 
The reason was that the latter had discovered the secret and found out why Solomon agreed to marry Ichika in the end. As such, Sebastian wanted to take his family away, for as the saying goes; out of sight, out of mind. 
Keeping Ian company was only an excuse. 
Even if the boy really could not get accustomed to it, Sebastian should be able to solve the issue effortlessly. 
There was no need for the whole family to tag along.
The overwhelming feeling of getting to know the news when Solomon came home that night was etched on his heart. 
Remorse and resentment overcame him. For a moment, he even thought of leaving here and vanishing from their lives. 
Yet, he was still waiting, but he did not know what he was waiting for. 
Perhaps he had experienced so much warmth and tenderness after the wedding that he got addicted to it and could not bring himself to leave. 
But things changed when he received this text. 
“Mr. George, since Vivian and Matteo are staying here, what are you going to do? Should we send some people to look after them? I do have to say, though, that Mr. Hayes was a little strange this time. Why did he agree to let Vivian stay back so easily?” 
Luke came in and asked about the matter in bewilderment. 
Solomon looked down. 
A few moments later, he finally bobbed his head in agreement. “Yeah, please arrange some people for this. Since Ichika is free, she may go over there to look after them as well.” 
“Oh, right! Why didn’t I think of this? Mrs. Akiyama is at home.” 
Luke’s eyes lit up at his reminder. 
Right away, the matter was settled. 
At night, Ichika was enthused when she was given the important mission of taking care of her nephew and niece at Frontier Bay, bustling about the entire night.
“Darling, what should I bring there? Should I get some gifts? Oh, wait, I should probably bring some food. I heard Vivi is a glutton…” 
“Darling, should I take my luggage along?” 
“Darling…” 
Like a headless chicken, she prepared everything clumsily and frantically, pestering her husband throughout the night. 
Feeling irked, Solomon doubted whether he had made the wrong decision. 
The next morning, the second he opened the door, he saw a neatly dressed woman with a high ponytail and a backpack. 
“You…” 
“Darling, after a night of research, I now know that ten-year-olds are no longer like young children, so I can treat them as my friends and everything will be fine.” 
Raising her right hand, Ichika showed him a thumbs up energetically. 
Solomon was speechless. 
She is no doubt smart, but why do I feel like I’m with a child? 
On the way to send Ichika to Frontier Bay, he announced his decision in the chat group. 
He texted: I’ve sent Ichika to Frontier Bay to look after the two children. 
Then, he added her into the chat group.
As a foreigner, Ichika was unfamiliar with the chat apps in the country, so she was puzzled when she heard her phone beep and saw the text. 
Sasha replied: That’s great. Thank you so much, Ichika! 
Sabrina added: Oh? This arrangement is not bad. Work hard, Ichika. This is a golden opportunity to learn how to be a mother. 
Sabrina actually started to tease Ichika. 
The latter’s face flushed crimson when she finally managed to wrap her head around those words. 
Seriously, Sab? 
She replied: Hello, everyone. I’m Ichika. I’ll do my best and report on how things go every day. Please forgive me if I make any mistake. 
Sabrina texted: Opps! Seems like I’ve frightened our poor Ichika. 
Devin chimed in: All right, that’s enough. Stop scaring her. Don’t worry, Ichika. Vivian and Matteo are very obedient. You only need to supervise them and see whether they have done their homework on time. 
Ichika replied: Sure. Thank you, Devin. 
Sasha texted: Call me if you need anything. 
She then texted her number to the group. 
Everyone in the family knew her number, so they were not surprised.
However, Ichika’s eyes gleamed when she saw the number. Instantly, she saved the number into her phone sheepishly as if she was doing something bad. 
She was still curious about Sasha. 
I wonder what kind of charm she has that Akiyama is so smitten by her.
###Chapter 1360
Chapter 1360
Chapter 1360 Caught 
In the blink of an eye, Sasha and the others had left Avenport for nearly a week now. Ichika had also gotten the hang of taking care of the two children. 
Ichika sent Sasha a text message: Sha, here are the photos of the kids. 
She then sent a few photos to Sasha’s phone. 
Upon receiving the notification, Sasha, who was preparing breakfast in the kitchen, picked up the phone and went through the photos. 
In one of the photos, she could see a pretty girl with braids and a backpack on her back hopping out of the house. 
She swiped next and saw a photo of her son. 
Clad in a camouflage uniform and a pair of military boots, Matteo had his chest puffed up as he walked out of the house with pride. 
Sasha could not contain her smile. “Sebby, come and take a look at these photos. Ichika seems to have a knack for taking care of the two kids.” Sasha passed the phone to Sebastian, who was coming downstairs with Ian. 
Sebastian took a glance at the photos. The kids do look happy, indeed. 
However, when he read Sasha’s conversation with Ichika, his mood was instantly spoiled. “Have you two been talking like this for the last couple of days?”
Sasha thought Sebastian would praise the children after looking at the photos. She gave him a confused look, as she did not understand why he asked the question. “Yeah. She sends me their photos every day. What’s wrong? Don’t you want to know how the kids are doing?” 
Sasha’s response had rendered Sebastian speechless. 
Sebastian looked at the credulous woman and sighed. “Nothing. I was just asking because I didn’t see these photos in the group chat.” 
“Oh. I’ll get her to upload the photos to the group next time then,” Sasha said. Instead of questioning his reaction any further, she returned to the kitchen. 
Sasha’s personality had set herself apart from the other women. Although she had been through hell and fell prey to all kinds of evil schemes, she had always treated her friends and family with great sincerity and trusted them wholeheartedly. 
Above all, she would never take advantage of others. 
After sending Ian to the research institute, Sebastian returned to his study and deactivated all of Sasha’s accounts. 
He even wiped out all the records about her. 
Ichika, who was surfing the internet at Frontier Bay, was stunned when the accounts she had been looking through just moments ago vanished all of a sudden. Her expression turned grim instantly. 
What just happened? Did someone find out about me? Oh, my God! What am I supposed to do now? 
She froze right there and did not know what to do.
Meanwhile, on the same day, Solomon reached home and realized someone had switched on all the lights. 
How come she’s back at this hour? 
Feeling confused, Solomon opened the door and saw a pair of white leather shoes with laces near the shoe cabinet in the entryway. 
After a short pause, he put down his bag, changed into a pair of slippers, and called out, “Ichika? Are you home?” 
He did not get any response from her. 
What’s she doing? Has she fallen asleep? 
Solomon decided to go upstairs to check on her. 
While he was still walking along the corridor, he could hear someone sobbing in the room. 
What’s going on? 
Upon hearing that, Solomon’s expression changed. He quickened his steps, opened the door, and went in right away. “Ichika? What’s wrong?” 
Ichika buried her head in the pillow and cried her heart out. “Darling? How come you’re home?” 
She lifted her head and looked at Solomon. Her long tear-stained eyelashes fluttered as she stood up in a panic and tried to wipe away the tears on her cheeks. 
Solomon was at a loss for words.
He had never seen her cry so miserably before. 
In the past, although Ichika would cry from time to time, she had never wept so intensely before. 
Solomon’s eyes darkened. “What’s wrong? Did something bad happen?” 
“Nothing. I just talked to my Mom over the phone. I missed her, that’s all.” She made up a story. 
Obviously, Ichika could not tell him she cried because she felt embarrassed after being found out that she was spying on Sasha. 
I’m sure he’d be mad at me had I told him the truth. 
Ichika gathered herself together and acted as if nothing had happened. “Since you’re home, I’ll go and cook for you now. Do you have any cravings, Darling?” 
“Anything will do.” Solomon decided to drop the subject, and neither of them talked about it again that night. 
The next morning, when Solomon was about to drive her to Frontier Bay, Ichika stuttered, “Darling, I… I’ll be attending a cooking class later. I’ve told Mr. Wang and Wendy about it, and they’ll be taking care of Vivian and Matteo today.” 
“A cooking class?” Solomon was surprised. How come I’ve never heard of this before?
###Chapter 1361
Chapter 1361
Chapter 1361 A Substitute 
Nevertheless, Solomon did not question Ichika and simply let her do what she wanted. 
That day, Ichika did not go to Frontier Bay. 
No one suspected the reason she gave, except one particular person, who felt that something was amiss. 
“So, you married him because you’re a stand-in for someone else, huh?” the woman sneered over the phone. 
Upon hearing her vicious remark, all the color drained out of Ichika’s face. “No, I’m not!” 
“Really? Then why did you call Mom last night? You must have upset Mom because you spied on Sasha. Stop acting, Ichika. You knew what it was all about since the day you realized that woman looked like Grandma,” Himari Minamoto continued to scoff. 
Himari could not help it. She was utterly jealous of Ichika’s grand wedding in Terrandya. 
We both come from the Minamoto family, but how come she got to enjoy such a privilege? Deep in Himari’s heart, she knew her wedding would never be as grand as Ichika’s, no matter who she would end up marrying. 
There was intense hatred in Himari’s eyes as she spat, “Why? Did I say anything wrong? You two have not consummated your marriage, haven’t you?” 
“Excuse me?” Ichika’s face became even more pallid. 
That sarcastic remark caused Ichika to suffer an emotional breakdown.
In a daze, she accidentally cut her finger while slicing the vegetables. “Ouch!” 
Blood started dripping off of her dainty fingers, and everyone around her was shocked. 
“Oh dear, Ichika. How could you be so careless? We’re in a cooking class, so you have to stay focused.” The teacher went over to check her out. 
At this point, Ichika was already crying profusely. 
She could not remember what happened after the class. By the time she regained her composure, she was already standing outside of Hayes Corporation, looking up at the building with a dazed look on her face. 
Upon noticing Ichika at the entrance, the security walked up to her and greeted, “Don’t you want to come in, Mrs. George? Mr. George is in the office now.” 
The moment Ichika heard that, she started to freak out. She left in haste as if someone had found out about her wrongdoing. 
At about four in the afternoon, Sasha texted in the group chat: Ichika, why didn’t you pick Vivi up today? She has been asking for you. 
Solomon replied instead: She attended a cooking class today. 
He replied swiftly, not because of Sasha but merely because he had his phone with him when he read the text. 
Sasha replied: Oh, Okay. I’ll tell Vivi then. I’m sure she did this for you. You’ve married a virtuous wife, Solomon! 
Sabrina texted: I know, right? I don’t even bother to attend any cooking classes.
Devin replied with a facepalm emoji. 
Sasha texted: Well, at least my cooking skills are somewhat acceptable. Someone’s gotta do it for the kids. 
Sebastian did not know how to react to that remark. 
The remarks by the two women had rendered their husbands speechless. 
Mr. Wand wrote in the group: Ichika is indeed a great girl. Vivi’s classmate celebrated her birthday two days ago, and Ichika took the trouble to learn how to bake a cake so that she could teach Vivi to make one on her own. 
Sasha: She’s so patient! I don’t think I can handle that. 
She praised Ichika from the bottom of her heart. 
Solomon kept mum and did not reply, but his expression softened after putting down his phone. 
Solomon did not return home in the evening as he had an appointment, but he still texted Ichika: I won’t be going back for dinner. 
Ichika froze for a bit upon receiving his message. She could not help but take a glance at all the ingredients she had laid on the table. 
Her heart sank, and she became disheartened. 
Why is he not coming back for dinner? Where is he going? 
Is he upset because I didn’t spend time with the two kids in Frontier Bay?
Her eyes were filled with despair. 
She took a glance at her bandaged finger and did not want to cook anymore. After cleaning up the kitchen, she returned to her room. 
That night, the woman who relocated to a foreign country after marriage and did not have any friends spent through it in agony. 
The next day, a sound emerged from downstairs even when the villa’s gate was still locked. “Hello? Aunt Ichika? Are you still sleeping? I’m here with Jessica!” 
“Vivi?” 
Ichika woke up and opened her eyes. Before she could respond, she could already hear Solomon talking to Vivian. 
In response to Solomon’s question, Vivian answered, “Yes, Uncle Solomon. I didn’t have a chance to tell you since you were not around yesterday, but my friends and I would like to hold a ‘fashion show’ here. Is that okay?” 
Vivian, who came with a group of friends, was all smiles when she lifted her head to look at Solomon after he had opened the door. 
Solomon froze for a moment. 
Upon listening to their conversation, Ichika sat up from her bed. 
Did he not go to Frontier Bay last night?
###Chapter 1362
Chapter 1362
Chapter 1362 Blushing 
Heavy footfalls sounded as Ichika raced down the stairs. 
She came to a stop and saw a man still dressed in casual wear helping the kids to carry in the items. 
“Aunt Ichika, we’re having a fashion show today. Are you going to watch us?” Right away, a perceptive Vivian noticed Ichika spying at them, still in her pajamas. 
Ichika was stunned speechless and didn’t utter a response. 
Before she could hide, the man in the garden had heard Vivian and glanced toward them. 
“You’re awake. Breakfast is ready in the kitchen. Freshen up and have some.” 
“What?” With a head still muddled with sleep, Ichika’s eyes widened comically like saucers. 
He made me breakfast? 
Oh, my goodness! 
My husband actually made me breakfast. 
That simple gesture had instantly mended her broken heart from the night before, and her face lit up with joy, her eyes sparkling like the stars in the night sky. 
“Okay, Darling,” she answered meekly before turning to skip away. 
A girl like her was pure and innocent. She was easily hurt, but conversely, it was easy to cajole her, too. It was like giving candy to a kid. With a few coaxing words, she would be right as rain in no time. 
That day, Ichika had been particularly active on WhatsApp.
She had been taking pictures and sending them to the group chat, giving tips on how to strut on the catwalk to the girls, and taking selfies with everyone. 
Sasha chortled as she scrolled through the messages. “Ichika finally sent some pictures. It was strange that she had been on radio silence these two days.” 
Not far away, a man who was sprawled on a chair reading a book observed her quietly. 
He couldn’t be bothered to remind her because he was of the same mind as Sasha. As long as Ichika didn’t harbor ill intentions, all was good with him. 
He would turn a blind eye to anything else. 
Everyone’s lives returned to normal, and Ichika in Avenport got closer with Solomon under the same roof. 
One morning, after Solomon had finished his breakfast made by Ichika, she stopped by his side abruptly with bright, hopeful eyes and blurted, “Darling… my mom said she is coming to visit me. Is that okay?” 
Solomon’s hands stilled while he was cleaning up the table. 
“When is she coming?” 
“These two days, if you’re okay with it.” Ichika sounded hesitant, afraid that he would disapprove. 
As per the customs in Jetroina, if one wanted to visit a son-in-law’s home, his permission was needed, no matter if the mother-in-law was an elder. Unexpected guests were considered impolite. 
Solomon was conflicted.
After all, he was so used to living alone that it took him close to two months to habituate himself living with Ichika. 
And now my mother-in-law is showing up… 
“Okay, I’ll book the tickets for her.” In the end, he chose to be a filial son-in-law and arranged for the trip. 
Ichika almost burst with joy. 
“Thank you so much, Darling! You’re the best!” Impulsively, she took a few steps forward and rose on her tiptoe before pressing a kiss on his cheek. 
For a moment, deep silence hung in the air, and every sound was suddenly stilled. All that was left was the two people who stood there. One of them picked up a frantic heartbeat while the other was motionless. 
It was as if they were frozen. 
Oh, no, is he mad? Was I too reckless? 
Bright red splotches appeared on Ichika’s cheeks. As reality started to creep in, her thoughts were in disarray, and remorse plagued her. 
“Darling, I-I…” 
“All right, you should go tidy up the room for your mother. I’ll be heading off to work now,” Solomon interrupted. 
Then, he took a handful of dishes and cutleries to the kitchen before grabbing his keys and driving off.
Ichika was silent the entire time. 
What does he mean by that? 
He didn’t seem to have much of a reaction. Does this mean he’s angry? 
Her thoughts started to run amok, and she felt bad after Solomon left with unnatural calmness. 
Does his impassivity toward my kiss mean he doesn’t have feelings for me? A little temper tantrum would have been fine by me, too. 
Puzzled, her brows knitted together. 
What Ichika didn’t know was the man who had just left had done so with quickened steps. He was usually a calm and steady person, but all he wanted to do at that moment was to flee. 
In Frontier Bay, Wendy found out from Vivian’s loose lips that Ichika’s mother was paying a visit. Startled by the news, she failed to keep the information to herself. In the end, the Hayeses found out about it, too. 
Sasha texted: Her mom is coming? Should we go back?
###Chapter 1363
Chapter 1363
Chapter 1363 Here Comes Trouble 
Sabrina replied: Count me in! 
Devin and Sebastian said nothing, but they could sense the girls’ excitement from their phone screens. 
In the end, Rufus chimed in: It’s fine. I’m here. You guys don’t have to worry. I’ll make sure everything is in order. 
Jonathan added: He’s right, Rufus is an elder. So, it’s perfectly logical if he wants to welcome his in- laws, but there’s no reason for both of you to show up, so stay put. 
Sasha and Sabrina tactfully stayed silent, sharing the same thought that he was stern. 
Since Jonathan had spoken, they could only listen and do nothing. 
In the end, the heavy responsibility to receive Ichika’s mother fell on Rufus. 
Of course, the same responsibility was on the Hayeses, too. Everyone was glad at Ichika’s mother’s arrival from faraway Jetroina and volunteered to help, making Ichika feel overjoyed and blessed. 
That night before her mother’s flight, Ichika excitedly told her that many people had prepared a grand welcome reception for her arrival. 
Aoi Minamoto was thrilled to hear that and brought many extravagant gifts with her the next day. 
Ichika and Solomon had gone to the airport to pick her up. 
“Mom…” 
As soon as Ichika laid eyes on her mother, she brightened with childlike delight.
However, as she closed the distance between her mother, her face was bleached of color when she caught sight of the person behind Aoi. 
“Himari? You’re here too?” 
“Yes, Ichika. Am I not welcome?” Himari was dressed exceptionally beautifully, towing a suitcase behind her as she greeted Ichika with a wide smile. 
Ichika was silent for a pause before forcing her lips into the semblance of a smile. “No… you’re welcome.” 
Solomon had taken over Aoi’s suitcase, his demeanor was gentlemanly and respectful. 
“How was the plane ride? Are you exhausted?” 
“We’re fine, and the journey was pleasant. As it should be since you arranged it for us.” Evidently, Aoi was pleased with her son-in-law, and her tone revealed pride. 
Solomon smiled and gripped the suitcase, ready to leave the airport. 
Just then, a saccharine voice sounded from behind, “Mr. Akiyama, I have another luggage here, and I brought your favorite sake. If I’m mistaken, this is your favorite, right?” 
The voice belonged to Himari, and she was speaking openly to Solomon as if they had known each other for a long time. 
Ichika heard it, and her heart lurched. Walking up to her sister, she said, “I’ll take it.” 
“You? Why? There’s alcohol inside, and it’s heavy. Leave it to Mr. Akiyama.” Himari shoved her sister away and brought the suitcase over to Solomon. 
Ichika stood rooted to the ground, her dark eyes reddening.
Just as she was about to see Solomon carry her sister’s suitcase, he suddenly turned and said, “Ichika, drag it over to me and help me with this smaller one.” 
“Okay!” She immediately broke out into a smile. 
She forcefully took over Himari’s suitcase and lugged it over to him. “Here you go, Darling.” 
“Thanks.” He accepted it. 
Then, they carried a suitcase each and walked out of the airport. Never once did he leave her side. When they reached the car, Solomon heaved the suitcase into the trunk. 
“Go and get your mother. We’ll be leaving in a while.” 
“Okay,” Ichika acknowledged and put down the smaller suitcase in her hand before heading in Aoi’s direction. 
She wanted to sit with her mother in the backseat. After all, they hadn’t seen each other in a long time. 
When Ichika and Aoi got into the back, Himari opened the door to the front passenger seat and promptly slid in. 
Ichika stared aghast, her expression crumbling. 
What’s Himari doing? Why does she always do things that she knows I dislike? What is she trying to achieve here? That seat belongs to me and me only. 
Besides, doesn’t this situation call for three of us to sit in the back? This way, we could have a long- overdue conversation. 
Ichika was losing the reins on her emotions.
“Ichika, isn’t Mr. Akiyama the President of Hayes Corporation? Why is he still driving the same car from before? Did he not get a Rolls-Royce?” 
Himari was still obsessed with the few Rolls-Royce she saw at Ichika’s wedding. 
Ichika replied, “What’s wrong with this car? He’s always driven it.” 
“That’s right, it’s only a vehicle. Anything would do,” agreed Aoi. 
Himari stewed in silence when she saw how their mother was clearly siding with Ichika. 
A moment later, when Solomon got in and saw his adjacent seat occupied by someone other than Ichika, his brows furrowed with displeasure. 
“It’s fine if I sit here, right, Mr. Akiyama? Ichika and Mom are back there, and they have a lot to catch up on, so I’m giving them some space.” 
Seems like this woman is quite the sly one.
###Chapter 1364
Chapter 1364
Chapter 1364 Yearn For Happiness 
Himari had spoken before Sebastian could even say a word, thus putting him in a position where it would be awkward to refuse her. 
Ichika watched the scene with her cheeks puffed out in anger. Himari is going to annoy the hell out of me. She just landed, but she keeps doing such irritating things. 
“I’m fine with it, but your sister might not like it,” Solomon replied. 
“Huh?” 
The three ladies were taken back by his response. 
Himari asked curiously, “Why wouldn’t she like it? Isn’t this your car?” 
“It is. However, when one is married, the front passenger seat is usually reserved for his wife. If you want to sit here, you should ask for her permission, not mine,” Solomon explained nonchalantly without even bothering to come up with an excuse. 
Himari’s face instantly turned as red as a beetroot. 
She stared at him, looking upset. After a long while, she turned stiffly toward Ichika in the backseat and asked, “Is it all right if I sit here?” 
Ichika seized the opportunity to vent her frustrations. 
“Oh, it must’ve slipped my mind. Thank you for the reminder, Darling. Himari, I think you’d better join us in the back seat. That’s my special seat, so I can’t let you sit there,” she replied.
Ichika was quick-witted, and she immediately played along with Solomon’s explanation. Ichika’s refusal struck Himari like a hard slap across her face. 
Himari’s face flushed red with anger. 
Left without a choice, she climbed out of the front passenger seat sulkily and got into the back. 
Solomon started the car. In the rearview mirror, he could see Ichika looking cheerful again as she hugged her mother’s arm and chattered away happily. 
He could not help smiling helplessly. 
That day, Rufus, Wendy, and several others from the Hayes family gathered at the villa to welcome Aoi and Himari to Avenport. 
By the time Solomon returned that night, everything was in full swing. It was the first time since their marriage that the villa was abuzz. 
It’s odd. After living alone for three years, I should prefer peace and quiet. 
However, as he took in the sight of the villa filled with people and laughter, the fragrance of the flowers and wine permeating the air, and the tantalizing aroma of the food… He found that he quite liked the lively atmosphere. 
I suppose it’s true that humans tend to crave warmth. No matter what I’ve gone through or how much I’ve shut myself from the world, I still yearn to find my own happiness. 
When Ichika spotted Solomon outside the villa, she rushed over to him. “You’re finally back, Darling! Look, we have so many guests! They’re all here to welcome my mom and Himari, and they brought lots of mouthwatering food!”
Solomon’s gaze softened when he saw her childlike excitement. 
“I’m glad to see that you’re happy. By the way, where’s your mom? What is she doing?” 
“My mom?” Ichika echoed with a mysterious smile. 
She stood on her tiptoes and leaned closer to him. This time, she did not kiss him. Instead, she spoke softly, her warm breath tickling his ear. “She’s learning how to make calzone from the ladies of the Hayes family. She said that she wants to make it for my dad when she gets back.” 
She was smiling so widely that her sparkling eyes had curved into crescents. 
Solomon froze, and a flush crept up his neck to the tips of his ears. 
When Ichika pulled Solomon into the villa a few minutes later, everyone erupted into cheers. Now that the man of the house had arrived, they were ready to party. 
Amid the hustle and bustle, no one noticed that someone was watching the scene with a spiteful gaze. 
That person was none other than Himari. 
At the moment, she was gazing down from the second floor. 
A large part of the reason I came was that I wanted to regain some peace of mind. I couldn’t believe that Ichika had snagged such a good husband. After all, the man she married is just a love child. How could he have so much money and power? That’s why I wanted to see it with my own eyes. 
When she saw the beautiful villa, she grew even more jealous. The urge to claim it as her own burgeoned within her.
It was clear that everything in the villa was expensive and valuable, down to the very carpet she was standing on. She had used her smartphone to look it up online and learned that the carpet had to be specially imported, and it was estimated to cost hundreds of thousands per square foot. 
Sabrina really went all out. No expense was spared on the decorations either. Even in Ichika’s room, any random bottle of skincare on her dressing table could easily cost one million. Despite being a prestigious family, the Minamoto family is nowhere near as wealthy as this. 
Himari lingered in that room for a long time.
###Chapter 1365
Chapter 1365
Chapter 1365 Sleep In My Room 
At that moment, Aoi called out, “Himari, what are you doing up there? Come downstairs!” 
When Himari heard that, she quickly left Ichika’s room. 
As she walked out, she grabbed a hairpin from the dressing table and slipped it into her pocket. The diamonds on it must be real, right? 
When she got downstairs, one of the guests asked, “So, this is the Minamoto family’s eldest daughter?” 
“She’s gorgeous, and she has a dignified aura,” another person remarked. 
Someone else nodded and said, “You’re right.” 
It turned out that the ladies from the Hayes family were curious about Himari. Ichika was so cute and endearing, so they wanted to see what her older sister was like, and they were pleased with what they saw. 
Since Himari and Ichika shared the same parents, the ladies guessed that Himari would be just as beautiful and charming. When they finally met Himari, they broke into satisfied smiles. None of them had the slightest inkling of Himari’s true nature. 
As for Himari, she played her part as the eldest daughter of the Minamoto family to a tee. She was respectful, modest, and gentle. 
The ladies’ impression of Himari soared when they saw that. 
Some even thought of introducing her to the unmarried men in the Hayes family, hoping they could make a match.
However, Himari sneered at the suggestion inwardly. Do they think it’ll be that easy to have me marry into their family? 
At the end of the night, they sent off the guests. Since there were still no housemaids at the villa, Wendy decided to stay behind. 
She turned to Solomon and asked, “Which room will Mrs. Minamoto be staying in tonight? I’ll go and run her a bath.” 
“The second floor,” Solomon replied, pointing upstairs at once. 
With that, Wendy hurried off to prepare the bath. 
Suddenly, Himari piped up, “How many rooms are there on the second floor? Ichika, I saw a pink- themed room upstairs. Is it yours? Don’t you sleep with Solomon? 
As soon as she said that, the expressions of everyone in the living room shifted slightly. 
Aoi already knew about it, and it was the sole reason why she had come to Avenport in the first place. But even if I do know about it, how could I mention it in front of Solomon? It’s too embarrassing. 
Hence, Aoi remained silent. 
Solomon replied calmly, “No, that’s Vivi’s room. She stays here sometimes. Our room is on the third floor. Wendy, why don’t you change the bedding in Vivi’s bedroom and let Himari sleep there?” 
Ichika, who had turned deathly pale at Himari’s question, spun around to stare at Solomon. A look of joy flashed across her eyes, then her cheeks flushed. Does that mean… we’re sleeping in the same room tonight? 
Her heart was pounding so fast that it felt like it was going to leap out of her chest.
Meanwhile, Himari was furious. I wanted to expose them and humiliate Ichika, but my plan backfired! 
That night, the couple who were married in name only slept in the same room. It was also their first time sharing a room since they got married. 
“Darling, I-I can’t go to my room downstairs to get my pajamas. Otherwise, H-Himari will find out,” Ichika stammered. 
She looked around uneasily at the room done up in cool-toned colors. It was not unfamiliar to her, but it was her first time spending the night there. As she watched him shrug off his jacket, she found that she could barely speak properly. 
Unsurprisingly, her face was as red as a beetroot. 
“Hmm,” Solomon murmured as he undid the clasp of his watch. 
After setting the watch aside, he walked over to the closet and took out one of his shirts. “Why don’t you wear this tonight, then.” 
“What?” she exclaimed. 
Ichika stared at the shirt for a long time. It was long enough for her to wear as a dress. Blushing profusely, she finally reached out and took it from him. 
It smells nice. It smells like him. 
She secretly sniffed at the shirt, and a look of contentment spread across her face. 
Solomon did not notice anything. Frowning slightly, he rummaged through the closet and found a brand-new bath towel and some toiletries.
“Take these with you too. It’s getting late. You should go to sleep after washing up.” 
“Okay,” she replied. 
It warmed the cockles of her heart to see him so caring toward her. Happily taking the things he handed her, she went into the bathroom. 
As soon as the door closed behind her with a click, she began trembling from nervousness. Heat rose in her cheeks, and her face flushed a deep red. She was so embarrassed that she could barely even look at her reflection in the mirror. 
What’s going to happen after I wash up? Are we…going to… Oh! 
Her hands flew up to cover her eyes, and she blushed from her neck to her ears. She did not dare to think any further. Hiding her face in her hands, she dashed into the shower. 
She was a woman, and she was legally married to Solomon. Hence, it was natural that such thoughts would cross her mind.
###Chapter 1366
Chapter 1366
Chapter 1366 He Feels Sinful 
After bathing, Ichika walked out dressed in the large shirt that had Solomon’s scent on it. She soon realized that he was typing away on his laptop seriously. 
She felt disappointed when she saw that. However, she immediately rushed to him and called out to him sweetly, “I’m done washing up, darling.” 
Solomon raised his head. 
Her smooth and fair skin could vaguely be seen through that large shirt. Her dark hair cascaded down her slender neck, giving her a uniquely feminine beauty. 
Naturally, her feminine beauty was not solely because of that. 
The other reason was that her figure was extremely curvaceous. 
Solomon did not expect that Ichika, who usually loved to wear lacey pink clothes, had such a sexy figure when wearing that thin shirt. 
Her curves were glaringly obvious beneath the fabric. 
Even her breasts are… 
A grim look flashed across Solomon’s eyes as he gulped awkwardly. 
“You can sleep first. I’m still working.” Averting his gaze instantly, he stared at his laptop again. 
“Huh?” 
Standing there, Ichika widened her eyes when she heard that.
It was obvious that she was not doing it on purpose. 
An innocent girl like her would not have such dirty thoughts. She was merely oblivious to how alluring she was now. 
“I see… All right, then.” 
She pouted indignantly. Her cheeks flushed as a look of disappointment crossed her face. Then, she turned around and walked toward the bed. 
Solomon glanced at her back. 
He held his breath again. 
Her beautiful legs were fair and slender. Underneath that oversized shirt, she seemed as innocent as a child. 
He was overcome by an urge to taint that innocence. 
Solomon stayed silent. 
Crack! 
He snapped the pen in his hand into two through brute force. 
Ichika, who had already reached the bed, turned around. “What’s wrong, darling?” 
Her voice sounded extremely soft and gentle, tempting him to succumb to his desires. 
Solomon abandoned his work and strode to the bathroom. Meanwhile, Ichika fell asleep on the bed without seeing him appear again .
All she could hear was the splashing of the water in the bathroom. 
Why is he bathing for such a long time? 
Groggily, she fell asleep. Soon, the sounds of water flowing in the bathroom faded. Solomon walked out with his hair completely wet. 
D*mn it! 
Looking at Ichika, who had already fallen asleep on the bed, he cursed at himself silently. 
He felt sinful. 
In reality, he had never touched any woman before. What he saw that night was probably the most he had ever experienced in his entire life. 
Even so, a feeling of guilt still overwhelmed him. For some reason, after he felt a reaction to her, he could not forgive himself. 
Why am I acting like this? I only love one person. She has been hidden in the depths of my heart, never capable of being replaced or tainted. Yet, why am I acting like this tonight? Am I a fickle man too? 
Am I like my mother, whose love changes each time? Am I no different from her horrid nature? 
He lit up a cigarette and stood at the windows for a long time that night. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian and Sasha were accompanying their son in his studies on the island. 
They saw what happened at the party through the photos that Rufus had sent.
Sasha asked, “I’m curious. Why did Mrs. Minamoto visit her daughter only two months after she got married?” 
Sebastian was in the middle of helping his son solve a physics question. When he heard that, he turned his head and glanced at her. 
“What’s the problem?” 
“Nothing, just that I find it a little strange. Jetronia’s culture places a lot of emphasis on etiquette, especially for elites like them. If the mother visits right after her daughter get married, they might get mocked by the other elites, saying that they’re flattering their in-laws,” explained Sasha as she scrolled through the photos. 
As she had stayed there for quite some time, she understood their cultures and customs. 
When Sebastian heard that, he seemed disinterested. 
“Maybe she just wants to visit her daughter. What’s the point of putting so much emphasis on those rules anyway? Oh, right. Ambrose said that he wants to bring Ian to look at the base tomorrow. Do you want to tag along?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha glanced at Sebastian and Ian. 
Ambrose was Shawn’s father, who took great care of Ian in the research institute. Despite his son dying after getting dragged into that mess, he did not harbor any hatred toward Ian. 
Instead, he spent more effort nurturing Ian. 
“The base? Really? Has Little Ian earned the right to do so already?”
###Chapter 1367
Chapter 1367
Chapter 1367 Saving Someone 
When Sasha heard this piece of good news, she tossed her phone away and ran over. 
Ian, who was in the middle of solving some questions, raised his head and glanced at his mother. 
“I’m just visiting, Mommy.” 
“I know, but that’s already very impressive! I heard that it’s the most confidential place amongst the national research institutions. I’m so proud of you, Little Ian!” 
Sasha hugged her son and kissed his forehead forcefully. 
Ian was at a loss for words. 
A rosy blush appeared on his fair and handsome face. Embarrassed, he lowered his head and continued with his homework. 
Sebastian watched him approvingly. 
“So, want to come along?” 
“Huh? Do we have to take a boat? It isn’t on this island, right?” Upon realizing that she might have to take a boat, Sasha paled. 
She recalled how she had arrived here the previous time. 
Although she had never experienced seasickness before, she did that time. When she came, she vomited during the entire duration of the boat ride. It was torturous. 
Sebastian said unhesitatingly, “I can arrange for a helicopter to come.”
Sasha replied, “Forget it. Let’s not go through all that trouble. You are just going there for a day, right? I won’t tag along. Just take some photos for me.” 
As it was really troublesome, she refused. 
Sebastian had no choice but to agree. 
After the children had fallen asleep, Sasha and Sebastian finally got to enjoy some time alone with each other. 
“Can I, darling?” 
“Hm… What do you think?” 
Sasha’s body was pinned underneath Sebastian’s. Underneath the dim light, she gazed at him, her eyes filled with a look of amusement and exasperation. 
No one could be more shameless than him. 
A night of passion ensued. 
When Sasha opened her eyes the next morning, her body completely sore, she realized that there was no one beside her. However, there was a note left on the bedside table. 
Sebastian had scribbled a note saying that breakfast was ready and was placed in the holding cabinet. 
As mornings on the island were cold and wet, he told her not to go out. He had already gotten fresh vegetables and food from the research institute and placed them in the fridge. 
He even said that he had already washed all the clothes, which were in the washing machine. 
If it were not for the fact that Ian had to leave, he would have hung them up to dry.
Sasha found it amusing. 
She suddenly remembered that Sebastian used to be a man powerful enough to create a commotion nationwide. In the past, he conquered the business world and dominated everyone else. 
Yet, he had now become an ordinary man who would cook for her, and whose life revolved around her and their kids. 
Am I committing a crime? 
Sasha got up from bed. 
After washing up, she ate the breakfast that Sebastian had prepared. As she had nothing else to do, she brought a stool out and started tending to the vegetable patch in the garden. 
“You’re awake, Mrs. Hayes. Can you follow me to the research institute to take a look? Hugh’s illness has relapsed.” 
“Okay.” 
When Sasha saw the research institute staff running over while panting, she quickly tossed the hoe aside and followed the staff. 
This was her recent job too. 
As the island was too far away from the mainland, one could not visit the hospital easily after falling sick. 
Although there was an infirmary, the doctors there were not very skilled. When the rest found out that Sasha used to be an extremely impressive TCM doctor, they sought her out all the time. 
Sasha rushed to the research institute.
“He didn’t eat anything much this morning and became like this,” said the woman who brought Sasha over. 
A middle-aged man was lying on the chair and grunting. 
Sasha walked over. 
“Hugh? Hugh?” 
“Huh?” The man opened his eyes. 
“You’re here, Mrs. Hayes.” 
“Yeah. How are you feeling? Do you feel uncomfortable?” 
After waking him up, Sasha kept talking to him to ensure that he was conscious while she checked him up. 
To her surprise, when she took his pulse, she realized that his pulse was weak. It seemed quite strange as well. 
“I… I didn’t eat anything much. I only ate some bread and oatmeal. They’re just some normal food.” 
Sasha stopped asking. 
She checked his eyes and pressed on his stomach. After looking at his tongue, she fell silent. 
The staff from the research institute asked, “Mrs. Hayes, is Hugh going to be all right?” 
Another woman chimed in, “Yeah, what’s wrong with him? The doctors have checked on him before, but they found nothing. He’s been taking his medicine regularly too, but it didn’t seem to solve
anything.” 
“Of course it won’t solve anything. He’s been poisoned, and the poison has seeped through his organs. I need you guys to think carefully about what he has touched or eaten recently.” 
Sasha told them her diagnosis solemnly. 
Huh? Poisoned? 
Everyone in the research institute was stunned when they heard it. 
How can there be poison in the research institute? This isn’t a biology research laboratory. It’s a place researching microchips and quantum mechanics. Where would the poison come from? 
The research institute staff started searching around anxiously. 
Meanwhile, Sasha used her silver needles to alleviate the engineer’s pain. 
Then, she planned to collect some medicinal herbs that could minimize the effects of the poison. As there was no ready supply of herbs, she had to forage for fresh ones.
###Chapter 1368
Chapter 1368
Chapter 1368 Disobedient 
Sasha left with a few simple tools. 
Although the island was isolated, it had a beautiful environment with lush hills and clear lakes. Hence, Sasha was confident that she could find the medicinal herbs she needed. 
She headed toward the hills on the island. 
After half an hour, Sebastian had also landed on the ground. Out of habit, he took out his phone and texted Sasha to update her. 
Buzz… Buz… 
“Hi, Sebby.” 
When Sebastian heard her slight pants through the phone, he frowned. 
“What are you doing? You sound like you’re panting.” 
“Yeah, I’m climbing a hill. Hugh from the research institute fell sick again. When I took his pulse, I realized that he has been poisoned, so I went out to collect some medicinal herbs for him,” explained Sasha over the phone, still slightly out of breath. 
Her stamina had worsened a lot. She was already panting after climbing a small hill. 
Looks like I should train myself more. 
Sasha continued climbing while holding the phone.
When Sebastian heard that she had gone out alone to collect the medicinal herbs, his expression changed. 
“Sasha, are you taking things into your own hands again? How can you forage for the herbs alone? Do you know how dangerous the island is? Why are you so disobedient?” 
He sounded extremely strict when he said the last sentence. 
Sasha remained silent. 
Why is he so fierce? 
She could not help but feel aggrieved. 
However, as she knew that he was worried about her, she did not protest any further. Instead, she video-called him and smiled brightly at Sebastian through the screen. 
“This will do, right? Don’t scold me, Sebby. There aren’t any medicines that can save Hugh, so I must first keep his poison under control.” 
Watching Sasha, who was sweating profusely, Sebastian still felt some lingering fury. 
However, when he heard that Hugh’s life was on the line, he held himself back. 
As a doctor, she could not just leave him to die. Even if she had to undergo all sorts of difficulties, she would still go ahead just to save him from the grips of death. 
“Fine. Stay there and don’t move. I’ll send someone to you immediately.” In the end, he compromised. 
Sasha was speechless. 
Huh? Send someone? Who?
She was a bit puzzled. After all, when they first came to this island, they did not bring anyone along. 
Barely fifteen minutes passed before a man wearing a black uniform appeared in front of her. There were golden badges pinned to his collar and cuffs. 
“I’ve received orders to protect you, Mrs. Jadeson!” 
He saluted to her immediately. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Is he part of the special police? 
But, I haven’t seen any policemen despite having stayed here for so long. 
Unbeknownst to her, the National Security Agency had dispatched guards to protect the confidential research institute. All of them were part of the elite squad. 
Sasha set off while the man guarded her. 
As she had expected, she managed to find two of the medicinal herbs immediately after entering the depths of the island. 
“This is great! Hugh will be saved.” She was as happy as a child. 
The man guarding her kept a distance away from her. Without being too intrusive, he made sure to keep her away from danger. 
When this soldier, who had guarded the island for years, saw her bright smile, he felt touched.
Everyone in the research institute was a top scientist who had made significant contributions. As they were essential for the nation’s development in the future, no one was willing to see anything bad happen to them. 
“Look! It’s borage!” 
Suddenly, Sasha pointed at a grassy patch in front and exclaimed in delight. 
When the soldier glanced over, a grim expression crossed his face. 
“That’s a swamp, Mrs. Jadeson. If you accidentally fall inside, you might die.” 
“Huh?” 
The grin on Sasha’s face faded when she heard his words. 
What should I do then? I need the borage to control the effects of the poison. 
Standing there, she pondered about it. 
When the soldier noticed that, he clenched his fists, deciding to give it a try even if it meant risking his life. 
However, just before he walked over, Sasha extended her arm and blocked his way gloomily. 
“Don’t go. Let’s not sacrifice another life just to save someone. Let’s go and look for it somewhere else. I’m sure there are more,” she advised calmly. 
Carrying the basket on her back, she continued walking forward. 
The soldier was stunned.
When he finally returned to his senses, he felt extremely touched and hastened after her. 
He had actually heard about Sasha before. When the country was in chaos, Sebastian had tried his best to salvage the situation and she had helped significantly as well.
###Chapter 1369
Chapter 1369
Chapter 1369 Forgotten 
Whenever the military talked about both of them, they would be full of praises and admiration. 
The soldier followed Sasha closely. 
Luckily, they discovered more borage after a while. 
Delighted, Sasha plucked some and took out her silver needle. 
The soldier watched curiously by the side. 
When Sasha rubbed the needle against the borage, something strange happened—the tip of the needle turned green. 
“Why is this happening?” 
She was stunned for a while. 
The soldier asked, “Is there a problem, Mrs. Jadeson?” 
Sasha replied, “I had taken this silver needle from Hugh. As it’s stained with his blood, I wanted to use it to test the herb’s medicinal effects. Why did it become green upon having contact with the borage?” 
The soldier was confused. “Huh?” 
Being completely clueless about this, he did not know how to respond. 
As they had already entered the depths of the island and their phones did not have signals, they could not contact anyone else. 
After deliberating about it, Sasha decided to leave with the herbs first.
After an hour, she texted the Hayeses WhatsApp group. 
Sasha: Is anyone at Frontier Bay? 
Ichika: I’m here, Sha! 
Ichika always managed to appear immediately. 
Sasha had just left the hill. When she saw the text, her eyes lit up and she quickly typed a response. 
Sasha: Ichika, can you go to my bedroom and look for a book called the ‘Encyclopedia of Medicinal Herbs’? 
Ichika: Sure. 
Ichika stopped whatever she was doing and ran upstairs. 
When the other members in the group chat read the message, they responded too. 
Sabrina: What are you doing, Sasha? Are you so bored on that island that you’re researching your lame herbs again? 
Devin: Don’t be mad, Sasha. She’s just blunt. 
Sabrina: … 
Sebastian: I’m on the way back. Wait for me to return first. 
Devin: … 
Sabrina: … 
Rufus: …
Jonathan: … 
When Solomon, who was in the office on the top floor of Hayes Corporation, read the messages, he stopped typing and grabbed his phone. 
Solomon: What happened? 
The entire group chat panicked when they read that. 
Meanwhile, Sasha did not know whether to laugh or cry. 
Why is he making things so dramatic? Everyone’s scared now! 
Sasha: Everything’s fine. Don’t be scared by what he said. An engineer in the research institute suddenly got poisoned, so I went foraging for some herbs. According to my diagnosis, his condition is supposed to stabilize after taking those herbs. However, when I tested those herbs, I discovered something weird. 
Everyone was stunned. 
So, Sasha is acting as a substitute doctor on that island! 
Everyone’s panic disappeared after reading that. They started to discuss the issue. 
Solomon: What’s weird? 
Rufus: Yeah, tell us. If you still don’t know, I can ask Jackson and Sharon. 
Sabrina: Come on then, tell us! What happened? 
Everyone urged her.
When Sasha read their messages, she took a picture of the silver needle and the herb. 
In the end… 
Solomon: Isn’t that verdigris? Has he been chemically poisoned? 
Sasha: Huh? 
Devin: Looks like it. Normal poison won’t cause such a color. If it isn’t chemical poisoning, then it’s probably heavy metal poisoning. 
Solomon: Wait, I’ll contact Haruto. 
He immediately called Haruto, who was in Jetroina. 
When Ichika finally found the encyclopedia and sent a picture of it, she realized that no one in the group chat replied to her for a few minutes. 
Was I of no help? 
Ichika, who was sweating profusely from searching for the book, rushed downstairs excitedly. When she saw what was happening, she felt a bit disappointed. 
Someone finally responded on the group chat after around ten minutes. 
Solomon: I asked him and he said that it’s heavy metal poisoning. Sasha, tell the research institute to investigate it carefully. The engineer might have been in contact with something. Haruo advised you to check for zinc. 
Sasha: Zinc?
After sending the message, she fell silent on the group chat for a long time. 
Meanwhile, Ichika kept holding the book that Sasha wanted initially. She stared at her phone, not knowing if she should chime in. 
Should I ask Sha if she still needs the book? But everyone in the group chat seems to have forgotten about me. 
After Solomon texted that, everyone started discussing it. 
Zinc poisoning was a slow-acting poison. Unlike heavy metal poisoning, it was not immediately fatal. Furthermore, in one’s daily life, it was rare for s to contain so much zinc that it would cause poisoning. 
Hence, everyone discussed this issue enthusiastically in the group chat. 
Within a few minutes, the message that Ichika had sent became overshadowed by the other messages.
###Chapter 1370
Chapter 1370
Chapter 1370 The Paranoid Jadesons 
“Ms. Ichika, when will Mrs. Minamoto and Ms. Himari be arriving? I plan to begin with the preparations.” 
“Huh?” Finally, Ichika raised her head and turned to look at Wendy. 
The Minamotos had been invited to Frontier Bay for dinner that day. Since Sasha and the rest weren’t present, Wendy had done an excellent job welcoming their Jetroinian guests on behalf of the Hayeses. 
Naturally, Rufus, Jackson, and Sharon would be present too. 
“All right, let me make a phone call to ask them about it,” Ichika replied as she rose to her feet. 
She fished her phone out and prepared to call her husband. Yet, Ichika changed her mind when she caught sight of the endless wave of messages in the chat group. With a purse of her lips, Ichika called her mother. 
“Should we wait for Mr. Akiyama?” 
Aoi was situated at Hillside Villa when she received Ichika’s call. Upon hearing her daughter’s question, Aoi hesitated. 
When Himari heard this, she quickly cajoled, “Mom, let’s head there now. If we wait for Mr. Akiyama, we’ll have to wait until he finishes his work so that he can fetch us there. Let’s not cause him any more trouble.” 
Himari was eager to leave as soon as possible. After all, she heard that her cousin-in-law was the president of the Hayes Corporation. Furthermore, it was rumored that he was one of the wealthiest men in Avenport.
Himari was burning with curiosity. I wonder, how will his house look like? 
She vividly remembered the wedding too. Although the couple was dressed in simple attire, their poised and elegant mannerisms outshone everyone else and made them the stars of the event. 
Moreover, her cousin-in-law had been the one who paid for the wedding’s private jet and luxury limousine. 
Swayed by her daughter’s pleas, Aoi decided to head there first. 
When Wendy heard this, she made a quick phone call to inform Rufus and Jackson. After her call, it didn’t take long for them to arrive. 
“When will they be arriving?” 
“It shouldn’t take long for them to arrive. I apologize, Mr. Wand. I have not sent an invitation to the Hayes family. Since Mr. Hayes and Madam aren’t home, it will be inconvenient to host a large event. Tonight, I’ll have to ask for your help to entertain our distinguished guests,” Wendy explained with an apologetic look. 
Rufus merely smiled good-naturedly. “Don’t apologize. It is our duty to entertain the guests too. You have planned everything out very thoughtfully. Besides, Sharon will be present tonight.” 
Rufus mentioned Sharon on purpose. 
In truth, Sharon was a complicated person. The woman, who married into the Blackwood family, hailed from a family of studious scholars and was thus well-educated. 
Despite her complex character, Sharon was an excellent host. Hence, she was more than capable of keeping a few guests entertained throughout dinner.
After everyone gathered, they waited for the arrival of Aoi and Himari. 
Similarly, Ichika was also waiting for someone else. 
She stood at the entrance of Royal Court One, eagerly anticipating the man’s arrival. 
After her earlier phone call, she couldn’t help but send him a quick message. In Ichika’s text, she told him that her mom and sister would be attending the dinner too and implored him to return a little earlier. 
Ichika glanced at her phone again. 
Sabrina: Aren’t you guys blowing this out of proportion? How did this become a murder? Are you guys delusional? 
Devin, Solomon, Sasha, and Jonathan did not reply to Sabrina’s text. 
Nevertheless, there was truth to be found in Sabrina’s message. Ever since their harrowing battle with Eddie, they had grown paranoid. 
They would panic and overthink the situation at the slightest sign of trouble. 
However, Sabrina was getting annoyed about the Jadesons’ paranoia. 
All of a sudden, Sebastian, who had remained silent throughout the entire conversation, sent a text. 
Sebastian: Most research institutes rarely use zinc. 
Following Sebastian’s text, deathly silence ensued in the group chat. 
In his office, as Solomon stared at the text, his entire mind turned blank. 
Truthfully, Solomon was terrified.
Although he was not involved in the matter, the mere thought of it left him restless, and he lost sleep over it. However, Solomon’s sleepless nights were a well-kept secret. 
He grabbed his smartphone and continued to stare at the chat group until Sebastian sent another text. 
Sebastian: I’ll go back and handle it. 
Finally, Solomon returned to his seat as his tensed body relaxed. 
Beep… Beep… 
Suddenly, Solomon’s phone rang, signaling an incoming call. 
He picked it up and answered the call, “Hello?” 
“Darling, a-are you free to talk right now? My mom and sister are already at Frontier Bay. Once you are finished with your work, you can come over right away.” The feminine voice that echoed from his phone was soft and demure. 
There was a trace of wariness present in her voice. It was as if she was afraid of disturbing Solomon’s work. 
Solomon glanced at his watch and realized it was almost time for him to get off work. “All right.” 
Throughout the call, Solomon failed to sense that something was amiss. After his curt reply, he prepared to end the call. 
However, before he could do so, Ichika said in a hesitant voice, “Darling, I didn’t help Himari this afternoon, right?” 
“Huh?”
Solomon had forgotten about the incident entirely. 
His confusion put a damper on Ichika’s mood. 
“I’m talking about the medical book. In the group chat, I noticed that Himari didn’t need it anymore…” Ichika’s voice was tinged with disappointment. 
At last, Solomon remembered. “The medicine isn’t the issue. I even asked Haruto about it. It’s just a simple poisoning incident. Don’t overthink it,” he cautioned her. 
“Really?” 
“Yes, I’ll be hanging up now. Once I’m finished with my work, I’ll head over to dinner.” With that, Solomon hung up.
###Chapter 1371
Chapter 1371
Chapter 1371 Sweet Relationship 
When Solomon arrived at Frontier Bay after work, dinner had begun without him. 
Dinner was a small affair with only a handful of attendees. 
Since Sebastian and Sasha were not present, it was held in the dining room. Even from afar, Solomon heard the faint sounds of bright laughter and cheery banter. 
‘Mrs. Minamoto, we’d be pleased if Mr. Minamoto can come along next time. After all, we are all close relatives. Sasha’s mom is Mr. Minamoto’s younger stepsister. Your family should visit us more often,” Rufus said with a beam. 
“That’s right. We are all one big family, so you don’t have to feel shy or embarrassed,” Jackson chimed in to show his support. 
In truth, they all shared a very special relationship with each other. 
Since Heather was adopted by the Blackwood family, they displayed their generous hospitality by extending an invitation to her older stepbrother. 
Aoi was touched to hear their welcoming words. 
“All right, I will tell my husband about it when I get home. I can’t thank you enough for your invitation,” she replied with a grateful smile. 
Similarly, Himari was also delighted at Rufus and Jackson’s invitation. “It looks like our families have gotten even closer.” Quickly, she stood up and poured a glass of wine for Rufus. 
Pleased by Himari’s politeness, Rufus sang praises about her courteous mannerisms.
When Ichika and Wendy emerged with the dishes, a frown graced the former’s forehead when she saw the scene before her. 
Nonetheless, Ichika did not dwell on it any longer because a tall man making his way to the dining room had caught her attention. 
“Darling, you’re back!” Ichika’s eyes lit up with joy. Swiftly, she placed the dishes down and hurried toward the man. 
When the others heard Ichika’s enthusiastic greeting, they whirled around and saw Solomon’s arrival. They were all pleased to see him too. 
Himari was still trying to gain Rufus’ favor when she noticed Solomon and Ichika’s intimate display of affection. 
Immediately, a dark expression loomed over her face. 
“Darling, dinner has been served. Are you going to take a shower before your meal? If you want to do so, I’ll go upstairs and run you a bath first,” Ichika eagerly asked as she clutched Solomon’s briefcase in her arms. 
Upon Solomon’s arrival, Ichika had forgotten all of her earlier worries. Right now, she only had eyes for Solomon. 
Hearing that, Solomon paused. 
Although he had grown used to Ichika’s affection, Solomon found himself growing awkward as they were in the public eye. 
“I’m going to have dinner first. Why don’t you go and keep my briefcase?” Solomon said casually as he averted his gaze from her bright brown eyes.
Immediately, Ichika agreed without hesitation. 
With that, he headed to the dinner table while Ichika went upstairs to put his briefcase away. 
“Solomon, you are finally here. Come and take a seat! We’ve been waiting for you.” Rufus beckoned him over with a hearty wave and gestured at the two empty seats. 
Given Rufus’ broad smile and enthusiastic welcome, one might think that he was greeting his own son. 
One of the seats was next to Rufus’, while the other was next to Aoi’s. 
Seeing this, Solomon smiled and took a seat. 
Now that the central character of that night’s dinner had arrived, dinner continued on a high note. Even Aoi looked much more amiable than before. 
“The atmosphere you have here is so lively. I’m glad that my daughter married into your family,” Aoi remarked. 
“Mrs. Minamoto, you can rest assured that your daughter is in good hands. We won’t mind if your elder daughter marries into our family too. Haha…” Rufus joked. 
Similarly, Sharon and Jackson laughed along. 
However, Aoi did not join in their laughter. 
Before she could reply, Himari tugged on Aoi’s sleeve with a shy look. Flustered by everyone’s scrutiny, Himari quickly lowered her head. 
Himari’s bashfulness caused Aoi, Rufus, and Sharon to fall silent.
After several moments, Jackson’s booming laugh shattered the silence. “It looks like she’s flustered. Doesn’t this mean that she has taken a liking to our family?” He chuckled in an easy-going manner. 
Finally, Sharon snapped out of her daze. “That’s right. Mrs. Minamoto, if you don’t mind, you can look for a potential suitor for her. There are plenty of handsome and eligible bachelors in our family.” 
Likewise, Rufus nodded in agreement. 
When Aoi saw their eager expressions, she merely responded with a reluctant smile. 
Why did Himari express her agreement at this particular juncture? Isn’t she aware of their status? 
After all, Himari was the daughter of the prestigious Minamoto family. Without the Hayeses’ support, no one in the Minamoto family would approve of this marriage. Furthermore, the only suitable candidate in the Hayes family was already married. 
Seeing Aoi’s reluctance, everyone refrained from mentioning the topic again. 
Solomon steered clear from the conversation too. All this time, he had been focused on the empty seat next to him. Promptly, Solomon rose to his feet and headed out. 
“Where is he going?” Sharon asked. 
“He must have gone to help Ms. Ichika move the sake. It was specially imported all the way from Jetroina. Since it’s dark outside, he must be worried for her safety,” Wendy replied with a joyful beam. 
Even Wendy had grown fond of Ichika as the latter was a caring woman. 
“It looks like they have a rather sweet relationship,” Sharon said.
“Yes.” Wendy nodded. Suddenly, she thought of something and asked, “Mrs. Blackwood, Vivian was begging for her aunt to stay the night and keep her company. If Ms. Ichika stays the night here, what arrangements should we make for Mrs. Minamoto and Ms. Himari?” 
Sharon mulled over Wendy’s question before she answered, “Since Solomon is present, he can send them home. If they face any difficulties, you can head over and offer a helping hand.” 
Sharon lived up to her role as a matriarch and made the appropriate arrangements for her guests. 
Wendy agreed to Sharon’s instruction without a second thought. Just as she prepared to inform Vivian of the news, Wendy heard a feminine voice echo in the air. 
“We can stay here too. This way, it won’t be too much of a hassle.”
###Chapter 1372
Chapter 1372
Chapter 1372 Greedy 
Her statement left Wendy and the rest at a loss. 
Nevertheless, Wendy could not refute because the Minamotos were their distinguished guests. “All right,” Wendy agreed with a smile. “Please excuse me. I’ll go ahead and prepare the rooms right now.” 
By the time Solomon and Ichika finished moving the sake, the arrangements had been fixed. 
How could Himari be so discourteous? This isn’t even her home. Even if she’s a guest, it doesn’t excuse her lack of propriety. 
When Ichika learned of this news, she fumed in anger. Ichika spent the rest of dinner with a petulant pout on her face. 
Immediately, Solomon noticed Ichika’s displeasure. Once dinner ended, he made his way to her. With a low voice, he said to her, “Don’t worry about it. Sasha and the rest will not mind. Later, I’ll head home and bring you your personal belongings.” 
“Huh?” Hearing this, Ichika looked up. “D-Darling, you’ll be home alone. Will that be all right?” Ichika asked hesitantly. 
Clearly, everything happened because of her. But judging from Ichika’s tone, she had no intentions of staying here. Instead, she wanted to return home and keep her husband company. 
Ichika’s question left Solomon speechless. He lowered his head and glanced at her worried gaze. Wordlessly, Solomon heaved out a heavy sigh before he spun on his heel and left. 
Meanwhile, Wendy was changing the bedsheets of the guestroom upstairs.
Unlike Hillside Villa, Frontier Bay had plenty of rooms to accommodate several guests. 
Despite its immense size, Wendy chose the second floor as the Minamotos’ temporary residence. The third floor was reserved solely for Sebastian and his family. 
Suddenly, Wendy heard someone making their way upstairs. 
“Wow! I want to stay on the third floor. Mom, look at the gorgeous view up here. There’s even a balcony and swimming pool. We can go swimming tomorrow!” 
Following the joyful voice, Wendy heard the sound of high heels clicking against the wooden floor as the person ran upstairs. 
Oh no… In haste, Wendy scurried out of the room to stop the intruder. 
“You aren’t allowed to go upstairs. That’s where Mommy and Daddy live. Hurry up and come back down! If you don’t, they will be very mad if they find out!” 
Before Wendy could open her mouth, a small figure had rushed out of the hanging garden to the foot of the stairs. There, the little girl placed her hands on her hips and yelled at the intruder on the third floor. 
The little girl was none other than Vivian. 
Wendy paused when she saw Vivian. At the same time, she couldn’t help but smile in amusement. 
Vivi appeared at the right time. 
Himari was roaming around the third floor when she heard the child’s voice. Immediately, she stiffened and came to a screeching halt. 
Himari quickly changed her approach. “Are you Vivi? Your house is gorgeous. I couldn’t help but look around,” Himari explained as she looked at Vivian.
Despite that, Vivian gave her no mercy. 
“That doesn’t mean you can enter the third floor. My daddy has mysophobia. He hates it when someone goes to the third floor. He also doesn’t like strangers touching Mommy’s stuff! He built the swimming pool for her. The flowers on the balcony are also Mommy’s favorites. You’d better come down right now!” Vivian glared at Himari. “If Daddy learns of this, you will have to face the consequences of your actions!” Vivian said as a final warning. 
Vivian had said nothing but the truth. In this villa, the third floor was off-limits to everyone except Sebastian, Sasha, and their three children. No one else was allowed to enter it as they pleased. 
Left with no choice, Himari heeded Vivian’s warnings and returned to the second floor. 
Her face was flushed with embarrassment. 
“Mrs. Minamoto, Ms. Himari, please accept my sincerest apologies. She’s still young and naive. Usually, no one ever goes up to the third floor. Hence, Vivi tried to stop Ms. Himari,” Wendy quickly rushed out of the guestroom and apologized profusely. 
“It’s all right. Himari shouldn’t have wandered into their personal bedrooms.” Mrs. Minamoto was utterly ashamed by her daughter’s rude antics. 
Fortunately, no one took Himari’s actions to heart. After the incident, Aoi and Himari made their way to the guestroom, which Wendy prepared for them earlier. 
When Himari entered the guestroom, she noticed the room’s elaborate design right away. Yet, it could not hold a candle to the breathtaking designs she had seen on the third floor. The stark contrasts prompted Himari to seethe in envy.
“This place is much more magnificent than Ichika’s home. Why do they get to marry into such wealthy families?” Himari complained. 
“Weren’t you the one who rejected the marriage in the first place?” Aoi snapped in reply. 
She was in a foul mood as Himari’s rude mannerisms and actions had left her embarrassed. 
On the other hand, Himari refused to admit her wrongdoings. Instead, she glared out the window with a spiteful look. “I wasn’t the one who didn’t want it,” Himari retorted as she looked at the garden. “Ichika snatched it away from me. Mom, since the Hayeses are rolling in dough, maybe I should marry someone from their family too.” 
“Y-You!” Aoi was so angry she couldn’t muster a proper response. 
Coincidentally, someone knocked on their door, interrupting their conversation. 
“Mom, I brought your pajamas here. Are you inside?” Ichika called out from the other side of the door. She had made a quick trip home to collect Himari and Aoi’s toiletries. 
Quickly, Aoi opened the door to let her daughter in.
###Chapter 1373
Chapter 1373
Chapter 1373 Fight Amongst Sisters 
When Aoi opened the door, she saw Ichika with two huge bags in her hands. They were filled to the brim with Aoi and Himari’s personal belongings. 
In comparison to Himari, Ichika is much more sensible and caring. 
Aoi’s mood brightened when she thought of this. She took the bags from Ichika’s hands and ushered her into the room. 
“Ichika, where is Mr. Akiyama? Didn’t he send you here?” 
“He did. I told him to return home first. Since he has work tomorrow, I didn’t want him to stay up too late,” Ichika replied. 
The mere mention of Solomon caused her to beam from ear to ear. 
When Aoi noticed Ichika’s blissful smile, she couldn’t help but feel happy for her daughter too. 
Contrarily, Himari felt a stab of envy and hatred. How could Ichika be so happy? It’s so unfair! 
“Ichika, despite your love, your husband doesn’t even reciprocate your feelings. Was it worth getting married when your love is one-sided?” Himari sneered. 
“What did you just say?” 
Instantly, Ichika’s mood took a drastic turn. 
Aoi whirled around and glared at Himari in anger. “Himari, what on earth are you saying? Watch your mouth!”
“I’m only telling the truth. Mom, we came here to see if Ichika is happily married. Yet, you saw it with your own eyes. They don’t even share a room. That night, he didn’t even touch her when we forced them into the same room.” 
“You—” 
“Moreover, her husband is the only one who refused to spend the night here. It’s all because he’s still secretly in love with the woman who owns this villa. That’s why he didn’t have the courage to remain here with Ichika!” Himari continued ruthlessly. 
Himari had become deranged. 
Even in front of Aoi, she divulged all the secrets without holding back. 
Himari’s outburst left Aoi utterly dumbfounded. 
On the other side of the room, Ichika’s face had turned deathly pale. It was as if all the blood had drained from her cheeks. When she heard Himari’s cruel words, her entire body shook with rage. Promptly, Ichika dashed forward and slapped Himari across the cheek. 
Slap! 
The slap rang so loud that it could be heard outside. 
Outside, Sharon and Wendy were taking care of the two children. When they heard the sound, both women jolted in shock before rushing toward the guestroom. 
“Himari, you’ve crossed the line! Get out of this house immediately! You are not welcome here!” Ichika was so enraged that she nearly burst into tears. 
With reddened eyes, Ichika glared at her crazed sister and ordered her to leave.
Get out? I’m her older sister! I can’t believe she had the audacity to order me around. 
Ichika’s slap added fuel to the fire, and Himari felt her anger increase tenfold. 
“Ichika, I can’t believe you had the guts to hit me! You even asked me to leave this place! Do you know that your marriage was once mine? I can’t believe you are acting all high and mighty after stealing my man!” Himari shrieked like a banshee and lunged toward Ichika with her hands outstretched. 
However, Himari’s yells did not faze Ichika. When she saw Himari lunging toward her, she merely lifted her skirt and prepared to defend herself. 
Hmph! I’m not afraid of her at all. 
The sight of her daughters getting into a fight nearly drove Aoi up the wall. “Stop this at once! How could both of you act like this when you are guests in someone else’s house!” she cried out. 
Hearing this, Ichika decided to heed her mother’s advice as she released her skirt and let her guard down. 
All of a sudden, Himari’s hand landed on her face with lightning speed. 
Bang! 
The blow caught Ichika entirely off-guard as she lost her momentum and stumbled backward. Himari’s vicious hit caused her to collapse to the floor. 
“Oh my God, Ms. Ichika, what happened to you?” 
“Ichika, are you all right?”
Wendy and Sharon opened the door just in time to see Ichika falling to the ground with a loud thud. Startled, they quickly rushed forward to help Ichika back to her feet. 
“Ichika, how do you feel? Are you all right?” When Sharon caught sight of Ichika’s reddened and swollen face, she felt her blood boil in fury. 
Although the pain caused Ichika’s eyes to well up with tears, she refused to burst out crying. In an attempt to maintain her family’s reputation, Ichika merely smiled and said, “Aunt Sharon, I’m fine. Himari and I were just fooling around.” 
“But—” Although Sharon wanted to say something else, she held her tongue when she saw Ichika fighting back tears. 
Nonetheless, Sharon’s expression darkened. It was clear that her mood had taken a drastic turn. 
“Wendy, go look around the house for some ointments to treat Ichika’s face,” Sharon ordered in a cold voice. 
“Right away.” Immediately, Wendy rushed off to carry out Sharon’s instructions. 
Finally, Sharon helped Ichika back to her feet. 
Aoi was caught between a rock and a hard place. Although she wanted to clarify the situation, she didn’t know where to start. In the end, Aoi stood to the side as she grimaced awkwardly. 
“Mrs. Blackwood, they—” 
Before Aoi could offer an explanation, Sharon said, “Mrs. Minamoto, squabbles between sisters are not uncommon. However, they aren’t petty children anymore. They should know how to mind their words and actions. In the past, my daughter used to fight with Sasha too. But because I never kept them in check, I ended up losing my daughter.”
“What?” Aoi was stunned when she heard this.
###Chapter 1374
Chapter 1374
Chapter 1374 The Protective Husband 
“She passed away?” Aoi asked. 
“That’s right. She was too pampered and grew up without discipline. As a result, she did many bad things and ended up losing her life as retribution for her misdeeds.” Sharon sighed, though her expression remained calm. Years after the incident, she was finally able to talk about it without getting emotional and could even admit that her daughter’s passing was retribution. It was a sign that she had finally moved on. 
Aoi’s look was a mixture of embarrassment and apprehension. She immediately directed a glare at her eldest daughter. “Did you hear that?” she said sharply. “You’ve gone too far, hitting your sister like that. I want you back in Jetroina with me tonight. Your father will hear of this, and he’ll make sure you get some discipline.” 
What Sharon had said served as a wake-up call for her, and she was ready to send her intractable daughter back to Jetroina at once. 
Himari paled. “No, Mom, please don’t tell Dad.” Cowed, she tried to plead with her mother, “It was wrong of me to slap Ichika. I was just upset by her words… And she hit me too.” 
“Don’t justify your actions with excuses!” Aoi snapped. I’m done with putting up with your shenanigans! 
A short while later, Solomon, who had reached home, received a call from Rufus, telling him that his in- laws would like to return to Jetroina immediately. 
“I think it’s best that you arrange for them to leave as soon as possible, Solomon,” Rufus said with some hesitance. “Ichika’s sister… She, uh, got pretty violent and hit Ichika.” 
Solomon’s eyes narrowed dangerously. “Ichika was hit? Why?”
“I’m not sure. There was a quarrel that escalated. By the time Wendy and Sharon arrived at the scene, Ichika was already hit. All I have to say is, her sister is really nothing like her. I don’t even have a word to describe someone like that. Did you know that woman had even asked to stay in Sasha’s room?” 
The silence from the other end of the line was steeped in cold fury. What Rufus said, especially the last part, had completely ticked off the man. 
Two hours later, Solomon was seeing Aoi and a reluctant Himari off at the airport. 
“I’m so sorry, Akiyama,” Aoi apologized guiltily. “You must have heard what happened. Please don’t think ill of Ichika. She’s not to blame. The fault is entirely her sister’s.” 
She would hate it if her son-in-law got upset with Ichika because of this. Her worry, however, was redundant since Solomon knew better, and he was completely on his wife’s side for this. 
“Certainly.” He smiled thinly at Aoi and handed her two boxes containing expensive sets of jewelry as a parting gift. 
Before the latter could breathe a sigh of relief, Solomon spoke up again, “There’s something I ought to clarify. Ichika is the only reason I agreed to this marriage, and it has nothing to do with her family. In other words, the union between the Minamotos and the Hayes family wouldn’t have happened if it were someone else besides Ichika. I hope you realize that.” 
His voice grew more chilly as he continued. 
Aoi was stunned, while Hamari, who was standing beside her, flushed in mortification. 
It was indeed a brutal remark coming from Solomon, a metaphorical slap to Himari’s face. Just hours ago, she had disparaged her sister and accused the latter of robbing her of the opportunity to marry Solomon. And now, the man in question was straightforward in his declaration that he would not have
married anyone else besides Ichika, proving once and for all that Himari had never even stood a chance. 
With a defeated look, Himari boarded the plane with her mother, who could not help but berate her again. 
“You really disgraced our family today,” Aoi said, her expression stony. “If it’s marriage that you’re after, it can be easily arranged. Once we are back, I’ll start the preparations for you to marry into the Tsurka family.” 
“Mom…” 
Back at Frontier Bay, Ichika was waiting restlessly in the villa for Solomon’s return. 
Wendy brought some ice over and tried to comfort her, “Ms. Minamoto, please don’t worry. Mr. Solomon knows what he’s doing. He won’t make matters more complicated.” 
Wordlessly, Ichika took the ice and applied it on the side of her face that was swelling due to Himari’s doing. She lowered her head, her long lashes quivering and still damp with tears. 
While she had no doubt that her husband would be able to handle the matter, she was more worried that he would think less of her after what had happened tonight. Will he be disappointed in me for causing such a commotion? I ought to have shown more manners… He’ll think that it’s tomfoolery that’s unbecoming of someone from a good family. 
The thought was enough to make her feel crestfallen. Dreading and looking forward to Solomon’s return in equal measures, Ichika was jerked out of her brooding at the sound of an approaching vehicle a few hours later. 
She immediately rushed to the door, her heart beating loudly in her chest. Is that him? Is he back?
Upon confirming that it was indeed Solomon’s car, she quickly went out to greet him.
###Chapter 1375
Chapter 1375
Chapter 1375 Making Her Pay 
Ichika’s steps faltered when she saw Solomon exiting the car. As much as she wanted to go over to him, she was suddenly overwhelmed with uncertainty and nervousness. 
By then, the day was already breaking. Under the dawn’s light, Solomon could see his wife standing at the door with red-rimmed eyes and a swollen face. The urge to rush to him was clear in her expression, but for some reason, she was holding herself back. Instead, she only stood rooted to the spot, wringing her hands together and looking like a scared animal. 
Sighing, Solomon walked over. “Does it hurt?” 
“No…” Ichika murmured. Despite her words, fresh tears quickly gathered in her eyes at his display of concern. Unable to help herself, she blinked, and the tears began to fall. 
It was a pitiful sight that unexpectedly made Solomon’s heart ache. He had never felt that way toward anyone, and yet, at this very moment, he was willing to do anything to stop the girl’s tears. 
He sighed again inwardly. What a silly girl. There’s no way that face of hers doesn’t hurt. She doesn’t have to hold anything back in front of me. 
In the end, however, he said nothing. 
Wendy approached him with a concerned look. “Mr. Solomon, please don’t blame Ms. Minamoto. She’s still young. Not to mention that her sister provoked her…” 
Solomon hummed in acknowledgment before leading Ichika to the car and driving back home. 
Once they were back, Ichika was pleasantly surprised to see that her husband was not reproachful toward her as she had expected. Rather, he treated her even better than usual. Not only did he run her
a bath, but he also applied some cream on her face to ease the swelling. He even waited until she had fallen asleep before leaving her side. 
Touched by his gestures, Ichika was put at ease, and her apprehension had finally dissipated. 
After making sure that his wife was asleep, Solomon went to his own bedroom and sent a text: Get rid of Giichi Minamoto’s eldest daughter. 
His man in Jetroina gaped at the message. Isn’t Giichi Minamoto his father-in-law? Why would he want to get rid of his sister-in-law? 
Another text from his boss soon followed: If I remember correctly, there’s a Nogita family in Terrandya. See to it that she marries into that family. 
The man’s eyes widened in shock at the latest instruction. 
The Nogita family used to be prestigious, but it had been steadily on the decline over the years, to the point where even the ordinary local folks would think twice about marrying into such a family. 
Not only had the family come down in the world, but the Nogita men were also notorious for their vices. It was not too long ago that one of the Nogitas’ sons was even arrested for soliciting prostitutes. 
Needless to say, Solomon’s order baffled the man, who had no idea what Himari had done that caused such a reaction from his boss. What he did know, however, was that it had been a long time since his boss issued such an order. Ever since Solomon assumed his identity as a Hayes, he had dropped his guileful acts and acted much like an honorable businessman. He had not resorted to conspiring someone’s utter downfall in a very long time. 
Until now, that is. The subordinate hastened to do what he was told.
When Himari got off the plane the next morning, a piece of scandal about her had already been spreading online like a wildfire. It was a photo of her in a VIP lounge of a nightclub along with several other rich girls, enjoying the erotic services of a few male escorts. 
Comments from the netizens were overwhelmingly negative, and people on the streets were also gossiping about her and the girls’ lavish and sinful lifestyle. 
“Is that Himari Minamoto? Wow, one would think that someone from an upstanding, prestigious family would have more shame than that.” 
“Rich people and their vices… Frankly, it’s a disgrace.” 
Though leaked by Solomon’s subordinate, the photo itself was authentic. It was indeed Himari, who was a regular at the nightclub. 
Despite the strict upbringing of the Minamoto family, she had nevertheless grown to become a conceited and arrogant individual. 
The family rules stipulated that the Minamoto children must avoid making public appearances and act virtuously. Ichika, for example, followed the rules and tended to stay away from the limelight, choosing to stay at home besides going to school and taking part in outdoor hobbies. This resulted in her becoming the naive, innocent person she was then. 
Himari, on the other hand, was always eager to be the center of attention, and she was not above flaunting her wealth and status to achieve that. 
As a matter of fact, she had been to places and done things even more wild and ludicrous than engaging in questionable acts with male escorts in a nightclub, all the while keeping her family in the dark.
When this piece of scandal broke out, many others soon followed. Articles of all kinds circulated online, exposing the misdeeds that Himari had done in the past. 
By the time she became aware of what was going on, the entire Terrandya was in upheaval, sending her family into rage and humiliation. 
Giichi, in particular, was shaking with fury. Once he saw Himari, he slapped her hard without preamble. “Vile, good-for-nothing child!” he seethed. “How dare you do such things behind our backs!” 
The slap was hard enough to send Himari tumbling and collapsing on the floor in a position that was ironically similar to her sister’s the night before.
###Chapter 1376
Chapter 1376
Chapter 1376 Unexpectedly Impressive 
Ichika, too, saw the news the next day. 
Fraught with concern, she immediately called to check on her family. Unfortunately, her calls went unanswered, which only worried her more. What’s going on? Where’s Mom? 
“Ichika,” Solomon called from downstairs. “Where are you?” 
“Oh!” She hurried down in her pajamas. “Sorry, Darling. I was preoccupied with something and haven’t started making breakfast yet… Let me do that now.” 
In Jetroina, it was customary for the wife of the newlyweds to take care of her husband by preparing meals. Solomon, however, did not seem to care about such traditions. 
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll just have something at the office,” he told her gently. “Are you preoccupied with what happened to your sister?” 
“Yeah…” Ichika chewed her lip in slight distress. “There must be a misunderstanding. My sister… She’s not like that, I’m sure. My family didn’t raise us to be like that.” 
She was saying this not only to defend Himari but also to maintain her family’s honor. After all, her upbringing had taught her that the Minamoto family name was everything and that she should never let anything or anyone tarnish it. 
Solomon’s expression was unreadable. “Ichika,” he said slowly, “You have to learn to see the true nature of one’s character. Unfortunately, not everyone in this world is as nice as you make out to be.” 
“Oh…” His wife blinked, looking at him with bewildered eyes.
She waited to see if her husband had more to say, but the man simply left it at that. He got up and headed toward the door, ready to set off for work. 
“What’s your plan for the day?” he asked casually. 
“Vivi and Matteo don’t need me at Frontier Bay, so I might just stay at home today,” Ichika said, tilting her head in incomprehension. “Why do you ask?” 
“In that case, why don’t you come to the office with me?” her husband offered. “My secretary is on leave today. I could use some help in the office.” 
Ichika perked up immediately. “Really? I would love to!” A smile blossomed on her face as she nodded profusely. 
With the scandal involving Himari momentarily forgotten, she headed to the office happily with her husband. By the time the matter surfaced again, it was a few days later. When she eventually managed to get a hold of her family, it was to the knowledge that Himari was married into the Nogita family. 
Shocked, Ichika shared this news with her husband at once. “Darling, guess what? My father just arranged a marriage between my sister and someone from the Nogita family in Terrandya! But why would Dad do that? Everyone knows that the Nogita family has a bad name.” 
“Is that so?” Solomon muttered as he continued browsing his work emails on his computer. 
“Yeah… It’s the strangest thing,” Ichika said, confused. “I thought my parents had wanted her to marry into the Tsurka family… I wonder what made them change their mind?” 
Little did she know, the person who was responsible for this was sitting right in front of her, nor was she aware that he did it solely because of her.
Ichika left the study, still pondering the events that had happened to her sister. Solomon, on the other hand, was feeling rather pleased with himself. 
His good mood lasted until he saw the texts in the Whatsapp group chat he was in. 
Old Mr. Jadeson: So it’s true that someone tried to poison the people in the research institute? But why? 
Devin: I have no idea. The institute had been fine even when Eddie pulled those stunts. I don’t understand why something like this would happen now. 
Sabrina: Hubby, why don’t you go there to check on things? 
The group remained silent after that last message. 
Solomon’s brows knitted together. Though he wanted to comment, he was unsure if he was in the position to do so because he saw himself as an outsider in the group. The only thing he could do was remain on the sidelines and see how things would unfold. 
Unexpectedly, a message from Ichika popped up in the group chat. 
Ichika: Could it be a mishap? Zinc is sometimes used in forensic chemistry as a preservative for biological evidence. Maybe someone was using it to preserve something and caused an accidental poisoning. 
The group fell silent once more. 
Solomon cast a glance at the door. He could imagine Ichika in her room, carefully reading the messages and earnestly doing what she could to help. 
His eyes twitched.
###Chapter 1377
Chapter 1377
Chapter 1377 Losing Control 
Just then, a text from Sebastian came in: It’s likely. We should get that looked into. 
Sasha: Wow, Ichika! That’s so impressive! We didn’t even think of that possibility. Good job! 
This was immediately followed by a text from Sabrina containing no fewer than ten thumb-up emojis and a smiley face. 
Devin: That makes sense, actually. Good job. 
Solomon raised a brow at the multitude of compliments showering down on Ichika, and a smile crept up his lips without his knowledge. 
Half an hour later, he heard light footsteps approaching his study. As he expected, it was his wife, who was carrying a bowl of soup. 
“Darling, I made some supper. Would you like some?” She smiled at him sweetly, her eyes bright and her tone joyous. 
This time, Solomon was aware of the smile he was wearing as he nodded. 
Two days later, the results of the investigation were out. Ichika’s speculation turned out to be true. The poisoned engineer, Hugh Giibson, had somehow gotten his hands on some preservatives that contained zinc, which he then used on the meat he brought from home in hopes of getting them to last longer. As a result, he ingested an overdose of zinc and got himself poisoned. 
It ended up being a classic case of much ado about nothing.
Sebastian was slightly annoyed and embarrassed to have taken this matter so seriously. Amused, his wife was quick to comfort him. 
“Come on, don’t be so grumpy. It’s a good thing that it turned out to be something so trivial,” Sasha said placatingly. “You should be happy that everything’s fine.” 
Sebastian huffed but said nothing, which Sasha considered as an agreement to what she said. She chuckled inwardly. He can be such a child sometimes. 
Just when everyone thought that the matter was concluded, the couple received an unexpected visit from Bertram Anderson, the director of the research institute. 
On behalf of the institute, he thanked them for their help in the investigation and apologized for causing such trouble in the first place. 
Not only that, he had come bearing a gift—an exclusive invitation for the couple to visit Aurora Island. 
Sasha’s eyes sparkled with excitement. “Wow, seriously? Aurora Island?” 
It was where the institute’s scientists conducted their most revolutionary research and experiments, some of which had led to changes in the island’s surrounding atmosphere. As a result, one could observe some stunningly beautiful aurora lights on the island, which was hence aptly named as such. 
Despite being one of the most fascinating places in the world, Aurora Island was strictly off-limits to outsiders, and a chance to go there was considered by many a once-in-a-lifetime occurrence. 
Sasha was determined to seize the golden ticket. “Sebby, let’s go, shall we?” she wheedled in a saccharine-sweet voice, hanging on to her husband’s arm and peering up at him through her lashes. “I heard the place has amazing sights. I want to go, please?”
Sebastian was powerless in the face of her beseeching look, though he tried to maintain a facade of aloofness in front of the director. 
“It’s a classified location, isn’t it? Are we allowed to go?” 
“Certainly.” Bertram smiled. “The island is off-limits to the world, but such a rule doesn’t apply to you, Mr. Jadeson. You are welcome to go whenever you like.” 
It was the ultimate privilege granted to the man, yet at the same time, what Bertram said was true. There was nowhere in this country that would deny entry to Sebastian since he was a Jadeson. 
To Sasha’s delight, her husband eventually accepted the invitation to go to the island. She shared the news in the Whatsapp group chat at once. 
Sasha: Guess what? Sebastian and I are going to Aurora Island! 
Sabrina: What Aurora Island? 
Devin: It’s where the research institute carries out its experiments, which frequently cause light anomalies in the air and result in aurora lights. I heard they are quite beautiful. 
In a matter of seconds, Sabrina, who had been holed up at Oceanic Estate for the past two months, made an executive decision. 
She texted: I demand that you take me with you! 
Upon seeing the message, Devin and Sebastian both had identical expressions of exasperation, a fact unbeknownst to the two men. 
Old Mr. Jadeson: That shouldn’t be a problem. I’ll make a call.
True to his word, Jonathan replied a short while later to confirm that he had gotten the research institute to accommodate for both Sabrina and Devin. 
Old Mr. Jadeson: The more, the merrier. 
As Sasha and Sabrina were excitedly chatting about travel preparations in the group chat, another message popped up. 
Ichika: Sha, is it okay that I go as well? 
Solomon, who saw the message, frowned in displeasure. What is she thinking? She can’t just go around making requests like that. 
It was the first time since their marriage that he became angry at Ichika. 
Though he was on relatively good terms with the members in the group chat, he could not shake off the feeling that he did not belong in their circle. 
He considered himself as the outsider of the group. Hence, it had embarrassed him when Ichika made such a request in what he deemed to be a casual manner.
###Chapter 1378
Chapter 1378
Chapter 1378 Helpless 
Solomon stood up abruptly, intending to find Ichika right away. 
But right then, someone voiced out in the group. 
Sasha: Ichika, let me ask Mr. Anderson if you can come. I need to get his approval since it’s the research laboratory. 
Ichika: All right. Thanks, Sha. 
Even though Ichika did not receive a confirmation, she was delighted with the answer. 
She was eager to see the aurora with her own eyes. 
She had only seen it on the internet and it was beautiful. 
However, that was not the only reason she wanted to join them. Envious of the merry atmosphere in the group, she had always wanted to get along well with them. 
Just as she put down her phone happily, someone pushed the door open from the outside. 
“Darling?” 
She stood up immediately, startled by the man who had barged in without knocking on the door. 
“What do you think you were doing? Who told you to make such a request?” 
He had turned into an entirely different person. 
Solomon stood at the door, his expression utterly stern and his gaze pierced through Ichika’s heart like a cold blade.
Ichika was scared stiff. 
She recoiled in fear, and tears started welling up in her eyes. 
“Darling, did… did I do wrong? I’m sorry… I just… I just want to see the—” 
“Do you think you can say anything you want? Are you aware of your status? What right do you have to request such a thing from them? Have I been too nice to you recently?” 
Solomon flew into a rage all of a sudden. 
He looked so fierce that it made Ichika tremble incessantly in fright. 
The color drained from Ichika’s face as her mind went blank. 
She could no longer hold back her tears. 
What does he mean by my status? Do I not deserve to go to the island with them just because I’m a Jetroinian? Even though we’re married, he still sees me as an outsider. He never treats me as one of them. 
With that thought in mind, Ichika started bawling her eyes out. 
“What is my status? Am I not your wife? Why can’t I make that request? Akiyama, you never wanted me to be part of your community. You’re worried that I will be a burden to Sha, aren’t you?” 
“What are you talking about?” 
A terrifying look contorted Solomon’s face. 
Ichika held her tongue. She bit her lip tightly as tears rolled down her cheeks.
Solomon cut her a cold glare and stomped out of the room. 
With that, silence was restored in the room. 
Staring at the closed door, Ichika jumped into her bed and cried out loud in agony. 
Why is he treating me like this? I’ve been doing my best. I understand he still has Sha in his heart. But why can’t he just look at me? Is he not going to accept me forever? 
Ichika hid under her blanket and could not stop crying. At that moment, Akiko’s previous words echoed in her mind. It was the first time she had felt so helpless in life. 
In fact, she was only twenty years old, and it was indeed outstanding of her to have come this far. 
Meanwhile, Solomon returned to the study room. 
He sat down in front of his table and stared right at the computer screen. He froze for a long while, not knowing what to do. 
All he knew was that his heart was filled with frustration, and he could not calm down. 
What did I say to her? 
He could not even recall what he had just said as rage had completely replaced his rationality. 
He sat dumfounded in his seat for a long time. 
Eventually, he turned off his computer and went back to the bedroom. 
The following day when he woke up, he glanced at the clock and noticed it was already eight. 
Why did no one come to wake me up?
He was momentarily stunned. He jumped down from his bed and walked into the bathroom. 
Strangely, there was no one in the bathroom. Usually, Ichika would wake him up gently at this hour of the day, 
She would even get his toothbrush and towel ready in the bathroom. 
Yet, none of that happened today. 
His heart skipped a beat as he stared at the empty bathroom. 
“Mr. Solomon, are you up? Breakfast is ready.” 
Just then, Wendy’s voice came from outside.
###Chapter 1379
Chapter 1379
Chapter 1379 His Mind Went Blank 
His face paled as he recalled what happened the previous night. Without hesitation, he got out of the bathroom and went to open the door. 
“Wendy, what are you doing here?” 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Solomon. Vivi insisted on seeing Ms. Minamoto, so I had no choice but to bring her here. Ms. Minamoto went to see her off, so I stayed to prepare breakfast for you,” Wendy explained to Solomon apologetically. 
I see. So she only went to see Vivian off. 
Solomon let out a sigh of relief upon hearing that. 
Returning to the bedroom, he started freshening himself up diligently. And by the time he almost finished eating, Ichika came back. 
“Ms. Minamoto, you’re back.” 
“Yes. Vivi is at the school already. Wendy, thanks for preparing breakfast for my husband.” 
Ichika, dressed in a purple dress, got out of the minivan. Her hair was tied up in a loose bun. At first impression, she looked extremely adorable. 
Wendy was already waiting for her in the garden. 
Upon hearing Ichika’s words, Wendy flashed her a smile. “I should be the one thanking you. I keep troubling you with Vivi. Oh, you bought groceries too?”
“Yes, I walked past the market and saw my husband’s favorite broccoli. I even bought some meat. I’m gonna cook for him today.” Ichika grinned. 
Inside the villa, Solomon felt as though someone had slapped him in the face. 
At that moment, his heart was filled with guilty and remorse. 
He could not believe he had got mad at her for such a small matter. 
And to his befuddlement, Ichika acted as though nothing had happened. She even went to the market to buy groceries to cook for him. 
Solomon turned his gaze away and went back inside. 
After a while, he heard familiar footsteps behind him. 
The young woman stopped at the door. 
“Darling, good morning,” she greeted him gently with caution. 
Solomon, wearing a formal coat, turned around and stared at Ichika, who seemed nervous. 
“I’ll arrange two housemaids to come over. Just leave it to the housemaids in the future.” 
“Huh?” 
Upon hearing that, Ichika widened her eyes, and they began to turn misty. 
“Darling, am I not good enough?” She almost burst into tears again. 
Solomon was surprised. 
Not at all. That’s not what I meant. I merely want…
He immediately realized what he had done wrong. Ichika came from a country where women were honored to take care of their men when they got married. Hence, hiring a housemaid would mean that the wife was not doing a good job. 
“Not at all. Please don’t get me wrong. I’m just worried that you’re tired, so I wanted to hire two more people to help you out. You can leave works like cleaning and shopping to them,” he explained in frustration. 
Only then did Ichika wipe the tears off her face. 
“I’m not tired at all. This is what I love to do. But anyway, thanks, darling.” 
After expressing her thoughts, she went into the kitchen with the groceries in her hands. 
Solomon said nothing. 
He was never defeated by any problem, not even the most complicated business matter in the company. Yet, a woman had managed to make him speechless. 
Eventually, he headed toward the company. 
There had been all sorts of meetings throughout the day. By the time he stepped into his office, it was almost time to get off work. 
Sasha: Ichika, why aren’t you going anymore? I’ve talked to Mr. Anderson. He said it was merely a spaceport and there was no big secret. You can come if you want. 
Sabrina: That’s right. The more the merrier. 
Ichika: It’s okay. I forgot that I still got classes. Sha, sorry for the inconvenience.
It was the chat history that morning, where everyone was still talking about Aurora Island. 
Only this time, to everyone’s surprise, Ichika suddenly took back her words. She apologized politely and then gave a reasonable excuse. 
Solomon clenched his fist slightly. 
A few minutes later, he clicked into the group chat. 
Solomon: Will it really be all right if Ichika tag along? 
Sebastian responded after two minutes: Of course, it’s okay. It’s just a deserted island. 
His response was brief but straight to the point.
###Chapter 1380
Chapter 1380
Chapter 1380 Take Care Of Your Wife 
Seeing that, Solomon finally let out a sigh of relief. 
No one knew how stressed he was as he waited for the answer. 
Solomon: Then I’ll arrange for her to join. Please tell Sasha to look after her. 
Sebastian: Why should my wife take care of your wife? Can’t you do that yourself? 
Solomon was rendered speechless by that and did not reply. 
It was a very strange feeling. 
After all, they had been rivals all this while. Even though the situation had eased after Sasha married Sebastian and gave birth to a child, their feelings had never really changed. 
Now that the man had said such a thing, Solomon could not take his mind off it the entire day. 
However, he had to admit that he felt as though a burden had been lifted off his shoulders when the man said that. 
Sometimes, it’s not difficult to let go of someone. But the scary part is how people view you. Even if you have let go, people might still judge you otherwise. Yet, now he’s addressing our wives in such a manner… 
Solomon’s mood improved a lot when he got off work in the evening. He approached Luke and inquired about the weather on the island. He asked the latter to buy some warm clothes and prepare things that could be played on the island. 
Things that can be played?
Luke could not wrap his head around it. 
Does he mean stuff for Mr. Ian to play? 
Two days later, it was finally time to depart. 
“Darling… are we really going to the island? And are you really going with me?” 
Even though Solomon had told Ichika the day before, she still came to confirm with him anxiously. And repeatedly. 
After getting an affirmative answer from Solomon, she covered her face with both hands and jumped around in excitement. 
Even Vivian was left bewildered when she saw Ichika’s behavior. 
“Uncle Solomon, is Aunt Ichika a fool? She’s asked about it five times.” 
“Yes. That’s why you’ll have to keep an eye on her this time. Don’t let her get kidnapped by the bad guys,” Solomon joked. 
Oh God! Is she really that dependent on Uncle Solomon? 
Vivian widened her eyes upon hearing that. Without delay, she ran off to find Ichika. 
She wanted to give the latter a smartwatch so that she could get hold of her location. 
Meanwhile, Matteo let out a sigh as he packed his luggage with Solomon. “Uncle Solomon, I feel bad for you. You were stuck with us when we were young, and now you’re stuck with your wife.” 
Solomon did not know how to react to that.
Indeed, I have no choice. 
With that, all of them departed together. 
On the island, Sasha and Sebastian were busy preparing as well. 
Since there were so many people joining this time, they had to make sure every one of them got taken care of. Even though Aurora Island was not far from their island, aurora usually only appeared at dawn. 
Hence, it was necessary for them to stay there overnight. 
“Sebby, how many tents should we bring? Will Sab and Ichika bring their own tents?” Sasha asked when they were packing the tents. 
“Don’t worry about that. They’ll handle it themselves.” Sebastian did not even turn his head as he was studying the best direction to view the aurora. 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
Is he serious? We’re considered half a host here. How could we expect the guests to handle such things? 
Sasha did not feel right about it. 
In fact, when they were preparing, a lot of messages came in. 
Sabrina: Hurry! List down what you guys are bringing in case we miss out on anything. 
Ichika: Sab, we’ve prepared hiking jackets for everyone. Other than that, we got food, a camera, a telescope…
Ichika even attached the photos of the items they had prepared as she replied. 
Not wanting to lose to her, Sabrina attached all kinds of photos as well. There were tents especially for military use and even a canoe. 
Seeing that, Sasha was utterly impressed, and she eventually appeared in the chat too 
Sasha: I’m sorry. There’s nothing much on the island, so we didn’t prepare much. 
Sabrina: Yes, we’re aware of that! 
Ichika: That’s right. Sha, you don’t have to worry. We’ve got everything handled. By the way, we bought a lot of toys and swimming suits as well. Let me show you. 
That was followed by another wave of photo sharing. 
There were all sorts of toys, including adult toys. The amount was so overwhelming that Solomon almost muted the group. 
Mr. Wand: Not bad. Everything seems to be well prepared. Have fun! 
Old Mr. Jadeson: Yes. It’s been a while since everyone hung out together. Enjoy! Devin, Yariel, please take good care of your wives and children, okay? 
Devin and Sebastian did not reply. 
Mr. Wand: You too, Solomon. It’s Ichika’s first time going to that sort of place. Remember to watch over her. 
The three men fell into dead silence. 
Are we going there to have fun? Or are we going there as parents?
###Chapter 1381
Chapter 1381
Chapter 1381 Look After Her 
It was already evening by the time they arrived on the island. 
Including the flight and the boat ride, it was a rather long journey. 
“Mommy! Mommy!” 
“Mommy, we’re here!” 
Vivian and Matteo were beyond delighted to see their parents as they rushed toward the house as soon as they got off the boat. 
Sasha was also overwhelmed with excitement. 
She ran outside and hugged the two kids. 
“I missed you two so much. How was the journey? Are you guys tired?” 
“Nope. Mommy, we brought you a lot of nice food. Aunt Ichika is carrying them.” 
Vivian turned around and pointed at Ichika who was behind them. 
Sasha lifted her head and gazed at the boat. 
Devin and Sabrina seemed used to this kind of environment. 
On the other hand, Ichika froze on the spot, not knowing where to put her feet. 
“Darling… why is there so much grass over here? Will there be snakes?” 
The color drained from her face as she spoke.
Indeed, besides the Minamoto residence, she had not been to many places. 
Besides, the local beach at Jetroina was usually well managed. She had most probably never seen a beach in such a natural state. 
Sasha was amused upon seeing that. 
“Vivi, is your Aunt Ichika always that cute?” 
“Huh?” Vivian blinked in puzzlement. 
“No, she’s not cute at all. She’s a coward. She held my hand tightly the whole time when we were on the boat. She didn’t even dare to go up the deck. Jeez,” Vivian complained and let out a sigh at the end, remembering what Solomon had said to her about looking after Ichika. 
Hearing that, Sasha did not know how to react. 
After everyone arrived, Sasha and Sebastian took out the food and fruits and placed them on a random long table outside the house. 
Sabrina was at a loss for words. 
This is way too remote. Don’t they have a proper table? 
Sabrina was another woman who was born with privilege. She walked over to the table and picked a few grapes reluctantly. 
“Sasha, so this is how you guys have been living for months?” 
“Yes. You don’t like it?” 
Sasha, who was carrying the chairs from the inside, smiled faintly after hearing Sabrina’s comment.
It was true that the condition here could not be compared to Frontier Bay or Oceanic Estate. 
Despite that, the environment was good, not to mention the warm sunlight and the irreplaceable peace. Sasha had deeply fallen in love with this place. 
Devin felt great as well. 
However, he had gone into the house to look for Sebastian. It had been a while since they last met, so they had a lot to talk about. 
As such, Solomon was the only man left at the table with the women and the kids. 
“Solomon, let’s eat. You must be starving after a long day. Let me get you a plate.” 
Sasha knew him well enough to know that he would feel awkward and lost on such an occasion. Thus, she went over to greet him. 
And indeed, Solomon felt better seeing Sasha’s gesture. 
“How are you guys holding up here? Are you feeling better?” 
“Yes, much better. The weather is great over here, and I don’t need to worry about anything. I feel more relaxed, and thus my body recovers faster too,” Sasha answered honestly. 
Hearing that took a weight off his mind. 
Just as he wanted to give the busy woman a hand, she handed him a plate of fruits and sandwiches. 
“Give these to Ichika. The kids have been pestering her since the moment she arrived. I bet she’s hungry.”
Sasha paused for a second and reminded, “Right, she has never been to such a place before. And she’s still young. You have to look after her and make her feel safe.” 
Solomon froze for a moment. 
It was a peculiar feeling for him. Back then, if Sasha had asked him to look after another woman, he would have been utterly pissed and sad. 
But now, he did not seem to feel so anymore, although there was still a slight sense of uneasiness. 
Nevertheless, there was no more anger in his heart. With his face blushing red, he took the plate and went to find Ichika. 
“Darling, you’re here.” 
Ichika was busy helping Vivian to plant the firework. Her eyes lit up with warmth when she saw Solomon bring her food. 
He still remembers me. 
In fact, Ichika noticed Solomon had been hanging around Sasha ever since they arrived on the island, but she did not dare to interrupt them.
###Chapter 1382
Chapter 1382
Chapter 1382 Peeking 
Nevertheless, Ichika was very happy that Solomon actually remembered to bring her something to eat. Nothing else mattered anymore. 
“All right, eat up. We’ll probably leave for Aurora Island tonight. Make sure you fill your stomach lest you get seasick on the boat,” he said in such a gentle voice that she felt like her heart could melt into a puddle at that very moment. 
So Darling did notice that I get motion sickness when I’m on a boat. 
Oh no, what do I do? 
She felt as if her heart was about to burst. 
“Darling, have you eaten?” 
“Hmm?” 
“This cherry is really tasty. Here, let me feed you.” Ichika then picked up a cherry from the plate before tiptoeing to pop it into Solomon’s mouth. 
There was no way she would have dared to do this at home. 
Solomon instantly froze. 
He wanted to reject her, but at that very same moment, he heard a cheery female voice from behind him. “Ichika, what are the two of you doing? I’ll join you!” 
Dressed in a short skirt and high heels, Sabrina forced herself between the two of them and became the ultimate third wheel.
Both Solomon and Ichika were rendered speechless. 
Even the three little ones covered their faces. 
They could not bear to watch this anymore. 
How could Aunt Sabrina behave that way? 
In the end, Solomon left awkwardly without eating the cherry that was in Ichika’s hand. 
Ichika was silent. 
“Haha, I’m so sorry, Ichika. I know that you two were having a moment there. Fine, I’ll make a move and you two can continue.” 
Sabrina, the culprit, actually left the scene, which made Ichika so angry that she stomped her feet repeatedly. 
How could Sab do this? 
After a simple meal and a half-hour rest, everyone decided to begin their journey in the evening when the sunset was as at its most glorious. 
The plan was to head toward their destination with this gorgeous view as their backdrop. 
“Do you want to stick this on? Ambrose gave it to me and he says it works for motion sickness.” 
Sebastian was worried about this problem too. After he sent the children to the boat, he returned to the house and saw that Sasha was about to come out. Hence, he passed her a package. 
Sasha was taken aback.
“What is this?” 
“A motion sickness patch,” Sebastian simply replied. 
A motion sickness patch? 
Thank goodness he thought of this. 
Sasha glanced at his handsome yet mildly disgruntled face. With a little smile, she picked up a wisp of her hair by her right ear. She did not expect him to get something like this from Ambrose. 
In fact, he knew that he did not really want to go on this trip to Aurora Island because of her motion sickness. However, as she really wanted to go, he had no choice but to give in. 
“Where do I stick this?” 
“Just right behind the earlobe. Right there.” Sasha pointed at the pressure point that was linked to motion sickness. 
People without medical knowledge would not know much about these pressure points. 
Right after she pointed it out, he immediately came close to her. Sasha felt his warm finger gently caressing that particular pressure point behind her ear. 
It took no time before she clearly felt that something was stuck there. 
“All right, we’re done.” 
“Mmm,” Sasha responded. 
However, she suddenly reached out to put her arms around him.
She loved that refreshing and familiar smell. Even though they were not stuck closely together, she could still feel the warmth emanating from his body. How she longed for him to hold her in his arms at that very moment! 
Sebastian was dumbfounded. 
“Darling, there is actually a better way to keep me from getting seasick.” 
“What is it?” 
Sebastian’s eyes darkened, as he could already read between her lines. 
When a random idea popped into her head, she would not call him Sebby. Instead, she would use her gentlest tone to call him Darling. 
“Keep holding me in your arms until we reach Aurora Island. That way, I won’t be dizzy.” 
A sly look appeared in Sasha’s beautiful almond eyes when she saw that she had successfully attracted him. 
Sebastian said nothing in response. 
That was it? 
After being teased, there was a frosty chill over his lips. This was a look that only Sebastian could have. 
“I don’t think that is quite enough. I think it would be better if you were to lose all sense of direction. That should help you more.” 
“Oh?”
Before she could say anything, he planted a deep kiss on her lips. With his arms firmly placed around her, he pulled her soft body a little tighter against his chest. Every single one of his actions was so passionate yet domineering. It was as if he could barely wait to consume her there and then. 
Solomon arrived at that very moment. 
He stood rooted to the spot when he saw that scene; his pupils contracted behind his glasses. 
It was an indescribable feeling. 
Although he had already let things go and had been putting up a good performance in front of Ichika, it still took an extremely huge toll on his heart when he saw that scene with his very own eyes. 
It was as if he had suddenly witnessed the defilement of the most precious treasure that was buried deep in his heart.
###Chapter 1383
Chapter 1383
Chapter 1383 Inner Demons 
On top of that, she was forcibly taken away from him. It was as if she really had no more connection with him from this moment onward. 
Solomon had no idea how he finally left that place. 
All he knew was that when he finally came back to his senses, the boat had already sailed. In his cabin, Ichika was sitting right in front of him with a light jacket on. 
She was looking at him gloomily. 
Even after he had woken up, she did not move at all. 
Solomon was silent. 
He felt a chill on his back and it took some time before he finally heard himself ask, “What happened?” 
Ichika said, “You got into a fight with Sebastian just now.” 
Solomon was completely flabbergasted. 
“What?” 
“Yes, you got into a fight with Sebastian!” 
Ichika enunciated every single word clearly. 
Her eyes were darting back and forth, which showed that she was still in shock. Her adorable face was shrouded with misery as she spoke to Solomon. 
Suddenly, Solomon lost his voice.
What is she talking about? 
Sebastian? 
I actually fought with him? 
Why? Why did I do that? Have I gone mad again? What was the reason this time? Was it because I saw him kissing Sasha? 
Solomon felt dead inside and began trembling from head to toe. 
“Darling…” 
“Don’t call me that!” he stopped her sternly and sharply as if he were electrified. 
Ichika fell silent. 
At that very moment, she could not control her emotions anymore. Two fat teardrops rolled down her cheeks. 
She knew very well that he had gotten into a fit again as he had behaved completely out of character. 
She was no stranger to his unbridled behavior, which had appeared when he killed Akiko. 
At that time, he had transformed into a different person. 
His eyes had been filled with an intense thirst for blood, vengefulness, indignance, and desolation. 
It was the same sight tonight. 
If not for Sebastian holding back, Solomon could have died on the island tonight.
In the end, Ichika ran out of the cabin while sobbing. She headed straight to Sebastian and Sasha’s cabin, and the moment she entered their room, she fell to her knees. 
“Ichika, what’s going on? Get up now!” 
Sasha was so shocked that she momentarily forgot about her own dizziness in her bid to pull Ichika up. 
However, Ichika remained stubbornly on her knees. 
“Sha, please forgive him. He really didn’t mean it. Please, he’s just ill. This happened the last time too. It was only after we found Dr. Kaye that he recovered. Sha, please don’t be angry! You are the most important person to him. If you don’t forgive him, I don’t think he can continue living!” 
She was sobbing so hard that she could barely lift her head. 
Sasha was speechless. 
From the side, Sebastian’s frown grew deeper than ever. 
Of course he’s sick. 
Otherwise, how could he have survived for so long? 
Sebastian shot a dark glance at his bandaged arm and said coldly, “Fine. No one is going to make a big deal about this. We’re just here to have fun, so don’t spoil it for everyone else.” 
Ichika, who was still crying, immediately looked up. 
Is he letting this go? 
There was finally a hint of joy in her eyes. Thereafter, she stood up and ran out of the room.
Seeing that, Sasha debated internally for a long time before standing up as well. 
“Sebby, are you really not angry? I mean, he—” 
“What’s the point of being angry? Haha, this is such a joke. You are my legally wedded wife. All I did was give you a kiss, and that lunatic was already trying to chop me up. How could I not be angry?” 
His handsome face turned several shades darker. 
As he spoke, there was an unmistakable murderous air in his voice as well. 
Sasha’s face went pale again. 
“He must have had some serious childhood trauma which resulted in a lot of insecurity and his inferiority complex. That is why he wants to grab onto the things that he wants to retain for himself.” 
“What is your relationship with him?” 
Sebastian’s face looked grimmer than ever. 
Sasha was perspiring profusely by now. 
“Fine, when we get back, we will send him to The Fourth Hospital in Jadeborough for a few days.” 
“Sebby!” Sasha cried out loud. 
“What’s wrong? So I can stay there but he can’t? Is there really something between the two of you?” 
“Sebastian!” The woman finally lost her temper as well 
“Are you trying to go against me? You don’t want to sleep on the bed tonight, do you?”
###Chapter 1384
Chapter 1384
Chapter 1384 Not Worth It 
That night, the boat headed straight to the island. Solomon did not leave his cabin at all while Ichika kept guard outside. Sabrina had asked her to join her at her cabin as it was very windy out there, but she refused to do so. 
She was that silly. 
When Solomon opened the cabin door in the morning, he saw Ichika curled up on the floor. She was about to fall asleep. 
Even though she was dressed in a windbreaker, she was so cold that her face had turned black and her body had contorted into a fetal position. 
Solomon froze on the spot. 
As the sun had not risen yet, there was merely a white light that gleamed across the surface of the sea. Accompanying it was a hazy fog that shrouded his vision. 
His eyes were fixated on Ichika who was enveloped by the fog. 
Thud! 
In the end, she woke up with a jolt because her head had accidentally hit the door as she fell asleep. 
“Darling, y-you’re awake?” 
She opened her eyes. 
Her vision was still blurry. Hence, she could not react at the sight of Solomon’s feet.
The frosty sea breeze brought a shudder down her spine. It was only then that she looked at his feet clearly. Instantly, a hint of joy appeared on her ashen face. 
She looked up at Solomon. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Solomon finally crouched down in front of her. 
“Is it worth it? You saw what happened yesterday. I don’t love you at all and you know very well that I am seriously ill. I will probably not recover in this lifetime. Is it worth it for you to keep sticking around?” 
His voice sounded chilly and dead at the same time, like the breeze that was blowing across the sea at that very moment. 
Ichika’s eyes suddenly widened. In no time at all, she stood up in front of him and said earnestly, “It is worth it. Darling, you are not ill. It is just that you don’t have anyone by your side. From now onward, I will always be there for you.” 
By my side? Solomon was stunned. He did not expect Ichika to be merely taken aback by his cruel words. 
As if someone had pierced him in his heart, his pupils constricted in response. 
To him, this was a very extravagant phrase. 
He had been all alone since he was young, and nobody had wanted to stay by his side. 
“Do you know why I married you?” 
Amidst the cold wind, he finally heard himself speak up hoarsely. 
Ichika was silent.
“I married you because you look like her. Not only do your features mirror hers, but you’re also at that age when I was most into her. Don’t you get it?” 
He finally spilled the secret that was in his heart. 
It was cruel and despairing. 
Sasha’s face slowly drained of color. 
She looked up at him with her lively almond eyes. Right before they lost their luster, her eyes turned red, and they were soon brimming with tears. 
Solomon saw that, and a snigger flashed across his pale lips before he stood up. 
“Then can you treat me only as Ichika from now on? I know I am not as good as Sha, but if you are willing to just take me as Ichika, I am willing to spend the rest of my life by your side!” Ichika choked out. 
Ichika knew very well that she was merely a substitute, but she still promised to stay by his side. 
However, her only request was to be Ichika from now on. She would no longer be anyone’s substitute and would only be herself. 
Solomon stopped in his tracks. 
He stared ahead with his eyes fixated to the front. His eyes reddened while his thin lips pursed slowly into a thin line. 
Nevertheless, he did not turn around as he headed straight back to the cabin.
###Chapter 1385
Chapter 1385
Chapter 1385 Used To It 
When they arrived at their destination, everyone had alighted from the boat, but Solomon’s cabin door remained closed. 
“There is something wrong with him. What he needs is a good beating!” 
Sabrina had a fiery temper. When she saw what had happened, she wanted to go and beat him up. Thankfully, Devin pulled her back. 
“All right, let’s get down from the boat and give him some space. He will join us when he has thought things through,” Devin said, suggesting that everyone leave Solomon alone. 
Hence, everybody alighted from the boat, and they brought Ichika with them as well. 
There was nowhere to stay, nor was there any food on this island. Everyone had to set up their tents first before preparing food. 
Devin said, “Sebastian, let’s handle the tents and leave the food preparation to the ladies.” 
Sebastian replied, “Okay.” 
Then the two men began setting up the tents. 
Seeing that, Sasha and Sabrina dragged Ichika along with them as they built the stove, moved their pots and pans, and prepared the raw ingredients. 
Even the three little children helped out. 
However, Vivian soon noticed that Ichika did not look too happy.
“Aunt Ichika, are you still thinking about Uncle Solomon? Should I go take a look at him?” 
“No, no, no. It’s all right,” Ichika replied with a blush on her face. 
Vivian tilted her head helplessly before leaving to play with her brother. 
Sasha noticed it as well, but this was not a good time to advise her. Even though it was not Sasha’s fault, she was still the root of the trouble. Hence, staying silent was the best remedy here. 
After about two hours, the tents were set up, and the meal was ready. 
“All right, let’s eat. We’ll assign tasks after our meal,” Sasha, the leader, said. “We’ll have to—” 
“What task? Aren’t we here for the aurora?” Sabrina interrupted upon hearing that. 
Sasha replied, “Well, we still have to eat at night. Also, it’s very cold out here, so we have to grab some firewood to build a fire to keep ourselves warm. It can help us appreciate the sights better too.” 
Everyone thought what she said made sense. 
Sabrina immediately sat down on the mat and laid out the plan that Sasha had drafted before they set off. 
“Wow. Fishing, gathering firewood, picking fruits, and digging for wild vegetables. How are we going to divide so many duties among us?” 
Her face immediately fell when she took a look at the list of tasks, as she had already worked hard for the past two hours. 
Devin came up to sit next to her after he heard her mumbling. 
“We can go and gather firewood.”
“Huh?” Sabrina glared at him. “No, I don’t want to. That’s too tiring. I want to go fishing. I don’t mind looking for vegetables either!” she protested vehemently. 
Sasha found that quite amusing. “That’s all right. Sebastian and I can go and gather firewood.” 
Sebastian said, “No, you are not well. We can only fish.” 
Sebastian suddenly appeared with a fishing rod in his hand. There was clearly no room for negotiation in his voice. 
Sasha, Sabrina, and Devin were speechless. 
Even Ichika looked up despite the fact that she was busy packing a lunchbox. When she caught sight of the domineering Sebastian, she could not help but shudder a little as well. 
He looks really frightening. 
Ichika stood up with the box in her hands. 
“Where are you going to?” 
Suddenly, Sebastian’s gaze fell on Ichika, making her shiver involuntarily. 
“I-I’m bringing him some food. He is still on the boat.” 
“Bring him food? Is he still a child? He is a full-fledged adult! How can he throw a tantrum and expect food to be sent to his doorstep still? If he is going to keep that up, tell him not to get off that boat!” 
This severe reprimanding nearly drove Ichika to tears. 
Every single word that he uttered was the truth.
The person who was truly humiliated on the boat was Sebastian. 
Devin knew him best, and he smiled at this scene. 
“Ichika, Sebastian means no harm. All he is saying is to let Solomon come here by himself to get his food. Why don’t you put down this lunchbox and tell him that you two are assigned to gather firewood this afternoon? If you don’t do it, everyone will have to suffer in the cold tonight.” 
“Huh?” 
Ichika’s eyes grew wider. 
Why are we in charge of gathering firewood? Isn’t that what everyone is avoiding? 
She felt that she was being bullied by the group. 
However, she still got onto the boat and walked gingerly to the cabin. 
“Darling, it’s time to eat. Open the door, please.” 
She was met with absolute silence from the cabin. 
Ichika had no choice but to put her hand on the handle. 
Click! 
The cabin door opened. 
However, she quickly realized that there was nobody inside. 
Where is he? 
She instantly panicked.
###Chapter 1386
Chapter 1386
Chapter 1386 Blessing 
“Darling? Where are you, Darling? Darling?” 
Ichika searched for Solomon everywhere on the boat, looking extremely nervous. Others on the island who saw that would probably think Solomon had plunged to his death off the boat. 
Solomon, who was standing on the deck, was utterly speechless. When he saw Ichika bending down to check if he was below the boat, he was all the more lost for words. 
At this moment, Ichika looked up and met the man’s eyes. She ran toward him in a hurry and said, “Darling, you’re here. You scared me. I thought—” 
“You thought I committed suicide?” Solomon’s expression turned grim. 
Ichika immediately zipped her lip. 
“N-No…” 
“What are you doing here?” 
Solomon withdrew his gaze from her and looked toward the fishing rod that he had put on the other side of the deck. 
Ichika was stunned. 
Oh, it turns out that Darling is fishing. I thought… 
Ichika tiptoed toward Solomon like a timid child and stole glances at him from time to time. Inwardly, she was delighted to see that Soloman had calmed down.
“Um, Darling, Sebastian told us that there are a few tasks in the afternoon. We have to catch fish, collect firewood, and get some fruits and vegetables. In the end, we decided to draw lots, and we were assigned to collect firewood.” 
Well, Ichika is indeed clever. She knew she couldn’t say that the bullies had assigned her the difficult task. 
That’s why she made up an excuse, saying that she got the task by drawing lots. 
Solomon turned to look at her, flabbergasted. 
He had thought he would be isolated after what had happened, like a clown who was stripped off of his mask of hypocrisy. 
He had also thought that the others would perceive him as the old Solomon, who was ruthless, ugly, and unforgivable. 
But now… 
“Darling, you don’t feel like going either, do you? No worries. If you don’t want to go, I’ll go alone. You can get some rest here.” 
The man remained silent, and Ichika wasn’t sure if Solomon was delighted or furious. 
Unable to withstand the pressure, Ichika lowered her head in disappointment. 
I knew Darling wouldn’t agree to it. 
Ichika stood up and was about to leave when Solomon said, “How did you draw the lots? Why didn’t you get fishing instead? Can’t you see I’m fishing now?” 
“Huh?”
Ichika turned around upon hearing that and was startled as she gazed at Solomon. 
“N-No, my brother-in-law was assigned to catch fish.” 
“Which brother-in-law are you referring to?” 
“W-Well, it’s Vivi’s dad. He said he could only go fishing because Sasha wasn’t feeling well.” 
None of them uttered a word thereafter. 
Half an hour later, everyone departed to complete their tasks. 
Sasha didn’t have to enter the forest because her task was fishing. As such, she quietly gave some sushi and apples to Sabrina and Devin before they left. 
“Sab, Ichika and Solomon haven’t had any food. Give this to them if you see them, will you?” Sasha requested. 
Sabrina frowned, but she eventually took the food with her. 
Later, when Sabrina and Devin entered the forest, the former started, “Look at how everything has turned out. I mean, it would be all right if Ichika didn’t join us in the first place. Now, all of us feel awkward because Sasha’s kindness has messed things up.” 
“To be fair, none of us expected that. Nevertheless, I personally think it’s a good thing.” 
“How can it be a good thing?” 
Sabrina gazed at Devin in bewilderment. 
Devin nodded and said, “Well, think about it. Solomon will lose control one day if he continues to keep this demon in his heart. Now that there’s only a few of us on the island, we can probably keep him
under control.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Of course! He’s a strong-headed man. If more people discovered his secrets, he might not be able to escape from his virtual cage,” Devin explained to Sabrina thoroughly. 
Deep down, Sabrina believed Devin was right. From a psychological perspective, one would bury one’s secrets deep inside one’s heart after being hurt deeply. 
That was because one would be afraid to be hurt again and refuse to show his ugliest side to others. 
In extreme cases, one would become autistic and refuse to connect with others. 
Sabrina knew that there were a lot of similar real-life instances. 
Hence, Devin was right to say that it was a good opportunity to help Solomon. At the very least, all of them were considerate and willing to help Solomon walk out of the shadow. 
Knowing that Devin was right, Sabrina could only heave a sigh. 
At this moment, Solomon was pondering about the same problem as well. 
He realized that the others did not ignore him entirely as he had expected after arriving at the island. 
On the contrary, the three kids had gone up to him happily when they saw him. 
Solomon and Ichika entered the forest and eventually met Devin and Sabrina. After putting some food in Solomon’s hands, Sabrina began to lecture him, “Are you still a kid? Why do I have to bring you food?”
In the end, Devin had to drag Sabrina away to stop her from scolding Solomon. 
With that, only Solomon and Ichika were left in the forest. 
“The food is still hot. Darling, it’s sushi. Sasha made these. Here, try some.” Ichika stared at the food happily and urged Solomon to try it. 
Solomon lowered his head, picked up a piece of sushi, and passed it to Ichika, who was drooling.
###Chapter 1387
Chapter 1387
Chapter 1387 Sweet Memories 
“Darling!” 
Ichika’s eyes lit up when Solomon passed her the sushi. 
She happily gulped down the sushi like a kid who felt excited after getting a candy. 
Seeing that, Solomon, who had been feeling depressed for a long time, brightened up. 
Nonetheless, he felt upset again soon after. 
Solomon had no problem with collecting firewood. However, he soon realized that the pampered girl knew nothing about the forest. To a certain extent, he thought Ichika would be of great help if she could stop messing around. 
“Darling, how thick should the firewood be? Can you tell me the size?” 
“It doesn’t matter. You can pick up any firewood as long as you can carry it.” 
“Okay!” 
With that, she skipped happily to look for firewood around the area. 
Solomon began to pick up some firewood as well. 
When Solomon was young, his mother had brought him to the snowy Northeast City to do a lot of hard work. In other words, he had not enjoyed a life of luxury when he was just a boy. 
As Solomon was busy picking up firewood, Ichika came back and shouted excitedly, “Darling, look! I’ve collected a lot of firewood!”
Solomon took a closer look at the firewood and was rendered speechless. 
The so-called firewood that Ichika had collected was a bunch of little branches. 
However, Solomon held in his anger, seeing that Ichika was sweating a lot on her forehead. 
“All right. Stay right here and tidy up the firewood that I’ve collected.” 
“Okay.” 
Ichika was innocent and even felt excited when Solomon asked her to tidy up the firewood. 
Immediately, she squatted down before the pile of firewood and thought to herself, Since Darling has given me this job, I must do my best to complete it perfectly. 
With that, Ichika began organizing them attentively. 
Solomon heaved a sigh and continued to look for more firewood in other areas. 
The island’s terrain was similar to the research base from which they departed. Therefore, Solomon could collect enough firewood, even though the island was small. 
Crisp! Crisp! 
Suddenly, Solomon heard some noise. He stopped in his tracks and looked over. 
There was a squirrel biting a big pine cone on a pine tree. Realizing that Solomon was looking at it, the squirrel pricked up its ear cautiously and stared at Solomon. 
Without any hesitation, Solomon shouted, “Ichika, come here, quick.” 
“What?”
At that time, Ichika was squatting before the pile of firewood and pondering about the best way to organize it. When she heard Solomon’s voice, she looked up and ran toward him. 
“Darling, what’s wrong?” 
“Look.” 
Little did Ichika expect the man to call her over to show her the squirrel. 
A glint flashed across Ichika’s eyes when she gazed at the cute squirrel. 
Given that it was the first time she saw the little creature in real life, Ichika couldn’t hold in her excitement. 
Although it was merely a squirrel, she was overjoyed because Solomon remembered her for the first time and invited her to witness it. 
“Darling, where’s your phone? Let’s take some pictures of it. I’m sure Vivi and the rest will like them very much.” 
“Sure,” Solomon agreed and handed over his phone to Ichika without hesitation. 
When Ichika wanted to turn on the screen, she was asked to key in the password. 
“Darling?” 
“3202,” Solomon told Ichika the password calmly before he continued to collect firewood. 
With that, Ichika turned on the phone happily and took pictures of the squirrel.
The view was perfect when it was late in the afternoon. As the sunlight shone on the forest and passed through the gaps between branches, the beautiful shadows of leaves were like a breathtaking painting. 
After taking the pictures, Ichika shared them with the others in the group chat. 
Solomon: Hi, guys! It’s Ichika here. Look, we found a squirrel! 
With that, she sent the pictures to the group. 
Instantly, those who were on their respective missions stopped what they were doing. 
Sabrina: My goodness! It’s so cute! No way! Where are you guys now? I want to go look at it too! 
Devin: Have you finished collecting vegetables? 
Devin sent a few pictures as well. They were pictures of the couple plucking wild vegetables in a stream. 
At this moment, Devin had taken off his shoes and was standing in the river barefoot. 
As for Sabrina, she was sitting on a rock, posing for many photos. 
Everyone was aware that Ichika was using Solomon’s phone at this moment. 
Just as they were unsure how to react to Sabrina’s pictures, Sasha suddenly realized something in the group chat.
###Chapter 1388
Chapter 1388
Chapter 1388 Do You Hate Me 
Sasha: Ichika, look. There’s some mushroom underneath the tree you shot just now. 
Solomon: Really? 
Sabrina: Where? Show it to me. Why didn’t I see it earlier! 
The women gathered together again. 
Right then, Sebastian, who rarely appeared in the group chat, sent a text. 
Sebastian: We can have some barbecued mushroom tonight. 
Instantly, everyone turned their attention to the mushroom. 
Ichika was forced to show how she harvested the mushroom live on her phone. 
“Darling, come here! Sha told me the mushroom are edible. Let’s bring some back!” she enthused. 
“Really?” Solomon came to her. 
When he saw the golden mushroom underneath the pine tree, he picked them up and showed them to the camera. 
Sasha exclaimed, “Oh, these are pine mushrooms! They are delicious, especially when they are barbecued!” 
Ichika asked, “What about this, Sha?” 
A shocked Sasha leaped up from the deck at once at the sight that appeared on the screen of her phone.
“That’s a hazelnut! Sebby, I want to pick mushrooms and hazelnuts on the mountain! We can make hazelnut tofu! Oh, my, that sounds delicious. Let’s go!” she whined impatiently. 
At that, Sebastian, who was still holding onto his fishing pole, fell silent. 
Sabrina had arrived to join them. She grew excited along with the other women. 
“Darling, are you coming? If you’re not, I’m gonna leave without you!” Sasha urged. 
What’s going on in the women’s head? Sebastian wondered. 
In the end, the three couples who had initially agreed to go on their separate ways reunited on the mountain. Upon arrival, they spotted various edible plants around the mountains and took action without hesitation. 
Some took off their clothes to move around easily, while some prepared the tools to scrounge the entire mountain. 
Solomon’s lips twitched at the sight. 
Ichika, however, promptly delved underneath the pine tree after everyone gathered. 
“Darling, hurry! We might find more delicious stuff here!” she prompted. 
Left with no choice, Solomon followed after her. 
An hour later, everyone gathered around to show what they’d picked up. Their efforts proved fruitful. 
Vivian was smiling gleefully as she showed her haul to everyone. “Mommy, look! I picked up a lot of mushrooms!” 
Ian and Matteo focused on picking up the hazelnuts, filling their pockets to the brim.
Sebastian, however, stuck to his usual aloofness. He only had a bunch of branches full of little red fruits. 
“What is this?” Sabrina inched closer to him curiously, her hands full of mushrooms. 
Sasha explained, “These are wild plums. They are delicious! Don’t worry, they are not poisonous. I can promise that as a medical practitioner!” 
She gave them a sly smile. 
At her words, everyone else gathered around Sebastian and took a few fruits to try for themselves. 
Even Ichika hopped over to grab a few after a brief hesitation. She even offered some to the man standing beside her. 
“Want some?” she asked, her tone cheerful. 
Solomon froze. 
To his surprise, a tangy but sweet taste filled his mouth once he bit into the fruit. It was a heavenly sensation. 
“Looks like there is plenty of delicious food in this horrible place,” Sabrina commented. She reached out to take some from her brother, obsessed with the taste. 
Ichika glanced surreptitiously at her brother-in-law. She then ran over like a frightened deer to grab a few branches from him before returning to her husband. 
This time, he took some from her without prompting and enjoyed them silently.
It was pretty late by now, and everyone was satisfied with what they got. Hence, they hiked down the mountain to prepare lunch at the camp. 
“Sebastian, what time will the auroras appear?” Devin asked on the way back. 
Sebastian glanced at his watch before giving an answer. “Around seven in the evening. Why?” 
“Oh, nothing. I just want to make sure of the time. We can fill our stomachs before the event to make sure we enjoy the auroras tonight.” 
As the oldest among them, he had everything planned out. 
Everyone nodded in agreement. 
After returning to their camp, they had lunch together. The women took a nap before busying themselves with dinner preparations, while the men started installing the telescopes and building the fire. 
Devin and Solomon were in the midst of building the fire when the former suddenly suggested, “Solomon, go help Sebastian out. His telescope seems complicated to set up. Someone has to stand in his sight before he can get the accurate position. I’ll take care of the fire.” 
Solomon halted at his words as his knuckles turned white. 
A flush crept up his ears as though Devin had just asked him to go to hell. 
He couldn’t bring himself to step forward.
###Chapter 1389
Chapter 1389
Chapter 1389 The One And Only 
Devin was about to say something when Solomon turned, showing his back to him. 
As a matter of fact, that was one of his strengths. 
Though he was strong-headed and loved keeping everything to himself, he was fine with facing his mistakes. It showed when his mother had used him to bring harm to the Hayes family. 
Indeed, no one was evil by nature. 
They would only turn evil because no one had bothered to teach them patiently when they were growing up. 
“Forty-five degrees. That enough?” 
“A bit more. Forty-eight degrees.” 
“All right.” 
Both men cooperated to install the telescope under the dazzling evening sky. 
Sebastian only started to research telescopes when this particular one arrived. He wasn’t interested in these, but it was obvious that the elegant Solomon was interested in astronomy. 
Thus, Solomon knew more about telescopes compared to him. 
About twenty minutes later, the telescope was finally installed. 
Sebastian came over to peer in the eyepiece. “Grayson has contacted two competent psychologists back in Jadeborough. When we return, hand over your work and make the arrangements to receive
treatment.” 
Solomon’s head jolted up in shock. He turned at his shoulder to stare at the man standing behind him, utterly dumbfounded. 
A psychologist? 
In truth, he was against the idea of visiting a psychologist. He was in the opinion that he wasn’t sick. 
He also didn’t want to reveal the deepest and darkest secrets in his heart. Seeing the psychologist would mean he had to rip his ugly old wounds apart again. 
It was a form of torture for him. 
Now that he was told that psychologists had been arranged for him to receive treatment, his hands slowly clenched up until they were balled into fists. 
“What’s wrong? You don’t want to?” Sebastian demanded hotly. 
His gaze had darkened after a long silence. Clearly, he was displeased at not having received any answer. 
Solomon pursed his lips silently. One couldn’t help but notice how the aquiline nose he sported complemented his prominent cheekbones. Handsome in an understated way, his basalt jaw and Spartan shoulders spoke of strength. He possessed a latent, leonine power and always walked with purpose and authority. 
After a long pause, he parted his lips stiffly. “No. I was merely shocked by your offer. Don’t you hate me after what I did to you?” 
Finally, he revealed the words that had been buried in his heart for a long time.
At his question, Sebastian scoffed, “Hate? You’re not worthy of my hatred. If I hate someone, they’ll disappear off the face of the Earth. You’d better recover, or I won’t guarantee what I’ll do if it happens a second time,” he declared, his tone turning icy at the last sentence. 
It didn’t seem like he was joking and no one could blame him for reacting that way because no man would like to see his wife being lusted over by someone else and especially in a sick manner. 
If Sebastian was still the same man he was back then, he would’ve lost his temper by now and shot him in the head. 
As they adjusted the telescope, the fire was already crackling to life. Seeing that, Sasha and Sabrina prepared a pot and placed it on top of the fire. 
Vivian asked, “Mommy, are we having a picnic?” 
Matteo retorted, “No, it’s obviously not a picnic! We’re here to climb a mountain! Remember to write an essay for your teacher so you’ll get a sticker during your exam.” 
Vivian said nothing as her expression fell. 
Ichika was tasked with washing the ingredients. Once everyone was ready, she came over with the ingredients. 
“I’m done. Do you want to cook them now?” she inquired. 
“Let’s wait. We can enjoy dinner and the auroras together. That sounds perfect, right?” Sasha suggested. 
Everyone nodded at her suggestion. Instead of rushing dinner, they made the preparations and waited for night to fall.
Ichika waited patiently as well. 
Sitting beside the fire, she noticed the man beside her was actually daydreaming, though his gaze was fixated on the sea. 
It was as if his mind was everywhere else except here. 
“Darling, what are you thinking about?” She came to him and offered him a palmful of pine nuts prepared by Sasha. 
The man regained his senses, stunned by her action. 
Sensing the warmth on his palm as the smell of the pine wafted into his nostrils, he looked down at the petite woman seated beside him. 
Her gaze was clear and sparkling, illuminated by the crackling fire. On the island, besides the flickering fire under the dark sky, the only light came from her eyes as though they were bright stars twinkling in the sky. Her languid eyelashes of velvet-black blinked once slowly as if to invite him over. She offered him a beguiling smile, her luminous, heavenly-white teeth flashing in the dark as she did so. 
Those bewitching eyes and her sweet personality mesmerized him. 
“Nothing. It’s just… I might need to go to Jadeborough after this. Do you want to come along?” He regained his composure to ask her the question. 
“Huh?” Munching on the nuts, the young lady blinked in confusion as she stared at her husband. 
Jadeborough? Why would he go there without reason? Ah, never mind. Since he invited me, I shall go wherever he is!
Flashing a wide grin, she answered cheerily, “Of course I’ll come along. Remember, I’ll follow you wherever you go. I said I’d be by your side forever, right?” 
Solomon fell silent at her words. 
She’ll be by my side forever? 
Finally, something emerged from the depths of his heart where he had kept it locked for a long time. 
“Oh, look at the auroras!” the young lady beside him suddenly hollered. 
Solomon looked up at once. 
Right then, he heard her saying with her hands clasped together. “I wish my husband will stay healthy so I can be with him forever.” 
It was a rare opportunity, but she ended up making that wish!
###Chapter 1390
Chapter 1390
Chapter 1390 Out With The Old 
That very night, everyone had fun witnessing the auroras. 
As expected, when the magnificent lights shone down from the sky, it was as if the whole land was painted in vibrant colors. They lit up the night sky, dancing around in fantastic colors. They moved and danced unpredictably—initially barely perceptible, then suddenly growing vivid. The indescribable but breathtaking scenery was destined to be etched in everyone’s mind forever. 
Sasha hadn’t had a complete recovery, so by the end of the lights, she was already snuggled up in Sebastian’s thick coat. 
The man had covered her completely with his coat, and only her head was exposed to the air. If Vivian wasn’t here, one would’ve thought she was Sebastian’s daughter. 
“Oh, this is breathtakingly beautiful, Sebby. Let’s take a photo to commemorate the moment,” she urged. 
“It’s not like we won’t be here for a second time,” came the man’s straightforward reply. 
Sasha nearly burst into laughter. 
In the end, she took many photos using her own smartphone. 
The other couples also took photos of the skies and selfies. All in all, they had a great time tonight. 
However, the kids thought otherwise. 
“What are you doing, Ian? Why are you taking photos and writing stuff?” Vivian was curious. 
“You don’t understand. He’s doing his research,” Matteo explained.
He knew Ian more than anyone, so he offered an explanation to his sister while helping his brother with the telescope. 
Vivian widened her eyes and gazed at Ian with admiration. 
Shortly after, something unexpected happened. 
“Daddy, we need to leave. A storm is approaching in an hour!” 
Suddenly, Ian dashed over to his parents with his notebook in his hand. 
Sebastian and Sasha were enjoying their time alone when their son interrupted their session. 
“Storm? There was nothing about that in the weather report before we came.” 
“That’s because they can’t calculate the change that swiftly. Auroras happen when particles from the sun interact with gases in our atmosphere, causing beautiful displays of light in the sky. The bright dancing lights of the aurora are actually collisions between electrically charged particles from the sun that enter the Earth’s atmosphere. The origin of the aurora begins on the surface of the sun when solar activity ejects a cloud of gas. Scientists call this a coronal mass ejection. If one of these reaches Earth, talking about two to three days, it’ll collide with the Earth’s magnetic field. This field is invisible, and if you could see its shape, it would make Earth look like a comet with a long magnetic ‘tail’ stretching a million miles behind Earth in the opposite direction of the sun. When a coronal mass ejection collides with the magnetic field, it causes complex changes to happen to the magnetic tail region. These changes generate currents of charged particles, which then flow along lines of magnetic force into the Polar Regions. These particles are boosted in energy in Earth’s upper atmosphere, and when they collide with oxygen and nitrogen atoms, they produce dazzling auroral light. Occasionally, auroras are seen in latitudes below the auroral zone when a geomagnetic storm temporarily enlarges the auroral oval. Right now, a geomagnetic storm is coming our way,” the little boy stated solemnly.
He then stuffed two pieces of paper full of his calculations into his father’s palm. 
Both Sebastian and Sasha were lost for words. 
The two other couples parted their lips in surprise—this boy was clearly a child prodigy! 
Devin had absolute trust in his nephew and was the first to rise to his feet. “If that’s the case, let’s go, Sebastian. Otherwise, we’ll be in trouble if the storm arrives.” 
“Mmm, I agree with that,” Solomon chimed in. 
Sebastian’s eyes twitched. 
In the end, he had to listen to his son’s warning. He stood up to pack before leaving. 
At this moment, Ambrose had just returned to the base when he heard that they had departed for Aurora Island. Knowing how erratic the weather could be, he panicked immediately. 
“Why didn’t you stop them from heading to that island? Don’t you know how dangerous it is there?” 
“It wasn’t us. Mr. Anderson was the one who suggested that they head there,” the engineers in the research laboratory replied in exasperation. 
Ambrose’s panic heightened at their explanation. Their director, Bertram Anderson, wasn’t really good at science. He only ended up as their director because of his management skills. 
Oh, no. They are in trouble! 
Before he could hire a boat to bring him there, his wife, Leah Jesson, came to him. 
“Ambrose, don’t worry. Sebastian is capable enough to figure a way out,” she comforted him.
“Well…” 
He gave up on the idea of getting a boat after hearing his wife’s advice. 
Luckily, shortly after, the security guard informed him that they were back. The storm on Aurora Island had just started ten minutes ago. 
Oh, that was close! 
Ambrose dashed out excitedly. 
“Sebastian, you’re finally back! I was so worried!” he exclaimed. 
“Yes, Mr. Pence. We’re back,” Sebastian answered in an apologetic tone when he saw Ambrose running toward him. 
He was holding his daughter in his arms. 
Sasha was right behind him, holding her sons’ hands. She seemed guilty to see this elderly man, too. 
“You must’ve been worried sick. Sorry about that,” she apologized. 
“It’s fine. I’m glad you’re back. Please don’t blame Mr. Anderson. He might be the leader, but he doesn’t know anything about our research. Don’t be mad.” 
Ambrose relaxed when he realized they were safe and sound.
###Chapter 1391
Chapter 1391
Chapter 1391 Good Or Bad 
Sebastian’s lips curved into a smile. 
Before he could speak further, someone appeared behind Ambrose. 
“Twelve minutes. You got really lucky.” 
It was Leah again. 
Hearing her remark, Sabrina blurted out proudly, “Lucky? It was all thanks to our nephew’s calculations that we managed to escape unscathed.” 
She hopped off the boat and strode over to give Ian a hug. 
“Ian, I love you so much!” She rained so many kisses on him that he nearly gave her an annoyed kick. 
Oh, so it’s because of this child? 
On the dimly lit island, something glinted in Leah’s eyes as she studied this young boy. 
No one realized she was staring at him intently. 
Ambrose said, “Oh, really? That’s fantastic! Looks like our research laboratory has discovered a talent. I need to bring him to our base.” 
Base? 
Both Sebastian and Sasha glanced at him. 
“Is it the place you brought us for a brief visit back then?”
“Yes. What do you think? Should I make the arrangements? We’re in dire need of talents like him right now. I can’t believe he calculated the arrival of the storm! One has to be talented in optics and quantum science to achieve that,” Ambrose revealed, nearly tripping over his words in his excitement. 
Both Sebastian and Sasha fell silent. 
Devin, who knew the base inside out, came over and said, “Mr. Pence, the current projects on the base are top secret. They are either about to get launched or released to the public. Isn’t he too young to join? He’s only eleven years old!” 
“No, he isn’t too young for this. There’s a child prodigy overseas who joined the rocket research in their country when he was only eight years old! I shall make Ian a better researcher than that boy!” Ambrose declared, patting Ian’s head proudly. 
Though Ambrose had been a researcher for almost all his life, his expression revealed that he regarded Ian as his own grandson. 
Sebastian said nothing as his friend, who had died an unexpected death, appeared in his mind. 
That night, the couple both lay in bed after washing up and started talking. 
“Sebby, do you think Little Ian should go to the base?” asked Sasha carefully. 
“Of course,” came Sebastian’s immediate reply. “He is more gifted than I first imagined. It would be great to use his talent in the right place.” 
Underneath the fluorescent light, Sasha said nothing for a few moments as she snuggled into Sebastian’s embrace. 
After a while, she nodded in agreement. “If that’s the case, we shall send him there. I hope our son will grow up to be a brilliant scientist.”
“Mmm,” grunted Sebastian in reply. 
After a night of intimacy, the couple gradually fell asleep. 
It was already the next day when they both woke up. After washing up, they came downstairs to breakfast prepared by Ichika. 
Brunch, to be exact. 
“Sha, Sebastian, you’re up. I’ve prepared brunch for everyone,” she greeted them enthusiastically. 
“Oh?” Sasha blushed furiously at her words. 
“You woke up early, Ichika. You’re our guest. You shouldn’t have prepared brunch for us.” 
“It’s fine, Sha. I’m happy to do so. By the way, Sabrina and the rest are up, too. Mr. Pence showed up, and they brought Little Ian to the research laboratory,” she revealed in an adorable tone. 
Though she was younger than them, it seemed like she was coaxing them instead. 
Of course, no one had ions to that. They loved her tone, even. 
Oh? Devin brought Ian to the research laboratory? 
Sasha grew anxious upon learning that. She wanted to head there at once. 
However, Sebastian stopped her before she could do so. 
“He knows the place better than we do. They went there to provide Ian with more information. Don’t worry. Let’s eat.” 
Oh? He’s fine with handing his son to someone else?
Sasha sat down beside him without saying a word. 
Soon, Solomon entered with a net full of the stuff they had collected from Aurora Island yesterday. 
“Solomon, what is this?” 
“Don’t you want to bring them home?” he asked, casting a calm glance at his net. 
Sasha and Ichika parted their lips in surprise. 
No one knew what he meant. 
It was only until Devin returned with Ian and everyone reunited in the hall, ready to enjoy brunch, that Sebastian spoke up.
###Chapter 1392
Chapter 1392
Chapter 1392 Too Warm A Welcome 
“So? Is it a yes?” Sebastian asked. 
“It’s a yes,” Devin answered honestly. “But he won’t be staying there all the time. He’ll visit it occasionally and spend most of his time on this island.” 
Sebastian bobbed his head. “All right. Ian, you’ll follow Mr. Pence to the base. Your Uncle Solomon needs to leave the company for some time, and your mommy and I have to return to Avenport for the time being. Is it okay if Ms. Dolivo comes to take care of you?” 
He turned to his child, seeking the latter’s approval. 
The other people stared at him in disbelief when they heard what he said. They did not know about this. 
Sabrina inquired, “Leave the company? Where is he going?” 
“Uh, The Fourth Hospital?” came Devin’s hesitant reply. 
No one knew how to react to his comment. 
In the end, Solomon broke the silence by saying, “No, I’m going to Dr. Wallen. I’ve already contacted him, and it’ll take around two to three months.” 
Ichika chimed in, “Yes, don’t worry. I’ll be with him.” 
The room fell into another state of silence. 
Those who did not know about it would probably feel like a fool.
However, everyone was pleased with the arrangements. After a brief uncomfortable silence, they resumed chattering happily. 
Lunch was a pleasant affair. After that, they packed up. Sasha, Sebastian, Ichika, and Solomon brought Vivian and Matteo back to Avenport. 
Sabrina and Devin remained on the island to take care of Ian before Wendy’s arrival. 
“Aunt Sabrina, you can actually leave instead of staying here with me,” Ian said. 
Sensing her nephew’s annoyance, Sabrina glared at him. 
“Why? Do you find me annoying? Ian Hayes, if you make me upset, I will stay here forever!” she declared. 
Bristling angrily, the boy ran downstairs to work on his homework. 
Seeing his reaction, Sabrina laughed in satisfaction. 
“Mrs. Hayes? Mrs. Hayes, are you here?” A voice sounded outside the house. 
“Huh?” Sabrina hurried out upon hearing that. “Oh, it’s you, Mrs. Pence.” 
Sabrina stared at the middle-aged woman who had a very short, no-nonsense haircut, her bob ending right beneath her ears. Clad in the research institute’s white coat, the unexpected visitor had two bunches of bananas in her hands. 
Leah flashed a smile. “Yes. Is Mrs. Hayes here? I have some bananas for her. They are not ordinary bananas. I brought them here from my hometown. Trust me, they are delicious!” 
She gestured at the bananas that seemed to weigh at least ten pounds.
There was no way Sabrina would refuse her gift. 
She accepted the bananas gratefully and responded, “Mrs. Pence, thank you. My brother and his wife have returned to Avenport. Ian is being taken care of by me and my husband. Do you want to come in?” 
“Oh, I see. I won’t go in then. Since they’ve left, I bet you won’t be cooking that often, right? Why don’t you come to my house for dinner tonight?” Leah suddenly extended an invitation. 
Sabrina was at a loss for words. 
After all, Leah was right. She couldn’t cook, indeed. 
She had been spoiled and pampered her whole life. Though she had been through some hardships, some things remained foreign to her. 
Devin’s occupational hazard was acting up, so he was nowhere to be seen. He was most probably busy searching for the border posts on the island. 
Sighing inwardly, Sabrina agreed to her offer shamelessly. 
Leah was delighted. “Great, I’ll head home to prepare dinner now. Actually, I came here in the first place because Ambrose has been working hard alone,” she revealed. 
“Oh, is it?” Sabrina was surprised to learn that. 
“Mm-hmm. You said Sebastian would send a maid over to take care of your nephew, right? There’s no need to do that; I can take care of him,” Leah offered eagerly. 
Huh? Sabrina froze in shock. Why is she this enthusiastic?
She merely gave the overly enthusiastic woman a smile without saying anything else. 
We adore Ian a lot. Ian’s also the heir of the Jadeson family. I can’t just leave him in the hands of a stranger! His father wouldn’t agree, let alone me, his aunt. 
That night, Sabrina and Devin brought Ian to Ambrose’s house for dinner as agreed. 
A spread was served before them. Leah had almost filled the entire table with various dishes. She even gave Ian special treatment by preparing shrimp rolls and a plate of steak for him. 
She told him, “Little Ian, this is for you. Eat up.” 
“Thank you,” Ian replied. 
Though he was an aloof little boy, he didn’t forget to thank the woman for preparing the dishes specially for him. 
Leah beamed. “Ah, what an obedient kid. There’s no need to be this polite with me. You can come over anytime if you miss my cooking!” 
With an amiable smile on her lips, she reached out to pat his head. 
However, just like his father, Ian suffered from mysophobia. He immediately swerved out of her reach and frowned in displeasure. 
“It’s fine. Mrs. Pence, he’s just a kid,” Sabrina answered on his behalf. 
After witnessing the entire exchange, she hurriedly went over to Ian to stand between both of them. 
Leah shuffled back to the kitchen awkwardly. 
Even so, she kept turning back to glance at Ian, who had already started eating.
###Chapter 1393
Chapter 1393
Chapter 1393 What Is Wrong With Ian 
Both Devin and Sabrina had an enjoyable time in Ambrose’s home that night. 
Being a genuine person, Devin started chatting with Ambrose merrily after having a few drinks. They had a lot of common topics, as they were both working for the country. Sabrina remained beside her husband the entire time. 
They chatted for so long until Ian started nodding off in exhaustion. 
“Is the little boy sleepy? Should he get some shuteye in my room?” Leah offered graciously. 
Sabrina glanced at her nephew, who immediately buried himself in her arms at Leah’s words. Clearly, he had no intention of spending the night here. 
She rejected the offer at once. “No need. We shall leave after Devin finishes this glass of wine.” 
Without hesitation, she pulled the boy into her arms so he could rest comfortably. 
Leah had no choice but to give up. 
Half an hour later, Devin and Sabrina left with Ian in tow. 
“Hubby, don’t you find Leah a little over-enthusiastic?” Sabrina asked on the way back with a flashlight in her hand. 
Devin chortled. He was holding Ian in his arms as he replied nonchalantly, “It’s normal. They are Shawn’s parents. We used to stay in the military residence together. I remember I often visited his house and got offered food. It’s normal for her to act that way.” 
“Really?”
Sabrina fell silent after that. 
That night, they all had a good sleep. 
Meanwhile, those who had returned to Avenport had started arranging their plan the next day. 
It was still early. Sebastian and Sasha had just woken up when a black Mercedes Benz rolled to a stop before the gate. They then spotted a familiar figure running toward them excitedly. 
That man was none other than Luke, who greeted them jovially, “Mr. Hayes, I heard you’re coming back to the company? That’s great! I’m here to give you a ride!” 
Sebastian remained unfazed until the man, who was panting heavily, came to a stop before him. 
“Mr. Hayes…” 
“Why are you this thrilled? Aren’t you afraid Mr. George will fire you?” 
“Huh?” Luke’s expression fell. “I don’t think Mr. George is that petty. He was the one who called and informed me about the news!” 
Witnessing what had happened, Sasha felt like laughing out loud at their childish antics. 
Around ten minutes later, both men stepped out of the house. Karl and Wendy had packed up, ready to depart to the island. 
“Mrs. Hayes, we’ll be off then.” They bade goodbye to her. 
“All right. Wendy, please take good care of Ian. You’ll be spending two to three months on that island. It should be tough,” Sasha said in an apologetic tone.
Wendy chuckled. “Of course not, Mrs. Hayes. I’m honored that you think I can take care of Mr. Ian on your behalf. Don’t worry, I’ll do my best,” she assured. 
Karl added, “Yes, don’t worry. I’ll keep them safe.” 
Sebastian was the one who had arranged for Karl to join both Wendy and Ian on the island. After all, it would be dangerous for Wendy to stay on the island alone with Ian. 
Thus, it would be best for Karl to join them. 
Right then, a young man with thick, bushy brows dressed in a black jumpsuit rushed in. 
Before he could say anything, a crimson flush had already crept up his cheeks. He asked carefully, “Mrs. Hayes, may I go with them? I heard that the research institute is pretty famous. I’m interested in that.” 
Xayden? 
Sasha parted her lips, seemingly hesitant. “Well…” 
Karl cut in, “Xayden? You want to come with us? Sure, wait a minute. I’ll call Mr. Hayes and tell him about it. He’ll definitely say yes.” 
He paid no heed to Sasha and whipped out his phone to call Sebastian. 
Though Xayden was upset at the fact that Karl had made a decision on his behalf again, he stared at the latter without blinking, anxious to receive an answer, his gaze agleam with delight and the vigor of youth. 
Fortunately, Karl hung up a few minutes later with good news—Sebastian had agreed to let Xayden join them.
“Really? That’s great! I shall go pack up now.” Xayden could barely conceal his delight. 
“Wait a minute. What are you going to pack? Are you packing up those bottles and tubes? No way! Mr. Hayes told me to leave right away so you won’t get a chance to pack up!” Karl exclaimed. 
Did he install a surveillance camera here? 
Though Sebastian was back in his office, he saw through the chemistry genius easily. 
Thus, Xayden was dragged out by Karl. Sasha stood at the door, watching their departing figures in amusement. 
I guess all geniuses are like this. When they are obsessed with something, they won’t pay attention to the things around them. For example, Xayden, and our son, Ian. 
In fact, Ian was a lonely and fragile child. 
It took Sasha and the two kids six years before he could act like a normal person now.
###Chapter 1394
Chapter 1394
Chapter 1394 A Normal Life 
This time, Ian had chosen to leave his parents and siblings behind to stay on the island alone so he could do what he loved. 
Sasha was proud of him. 
However, half a month later, when Solomon and Ichika had just delivered good news from Jadeborough, Sasha received a call from Wendy. 
“Mrs. Hayes, Mr. Ian rarely talks nowadays. After returning from the base, he’ll lock himself in his room and continue with his experiments. When I call his name, he’ll ignore me. Sometimes, he’ll even skip meals even though he’s starving,” Wendy reported in a worried tone. 
“What?” Sasha demanded, her heart clenching in distress. 
Is he completely wrapped up in his experiments? But he’s only eleven years old. Can he be this focused? 
The more she thought about it, the more worried she got. In the end, she didn’t even bother waiting until Sebastian arrive home from work and called Ambrose, who was now Ian’s mentor. 
“Mr. Pence, it’s me, Sasha,” she greeted the old man. 
“Sasha? Oh, hello. It’s been a while since we last met. To what do I owe the pleasure?” Ambrose answered cheerfully. 
After exchanging a few words of pleasantries, Sasha promptly brought up her son.
“Mr. Pence, Wendy just told me that Little Ian has been busy with his experiments back at home until he has no time for meals. What is going on?” 
“Oh, that. We’ve been learning about core chips recently. You have no idea how excited he was at seeing our propulsion and simulation diagram at the base!” Ambrose explained jovially. 
Is that it? 
Sasha was unsure how to react to that piece of news. 
“Sasha, don’t worry. He must’ve been too focused. I will talk him out of it and make sure he eats on time, all right?” 
“Thank you, Mr. Pence,” Sasha answered gratefully. 
He was so helpful that Sasha couldn’t bring herself to ask for more favors. 
That evening, Sasha told Sebastian about the matter when he arrived home from work. He furrowed his brows but didn’t show any adverse reaction. 
“I’m busy for the next few days. After that, I might go visit him. Ambrose’s right. If he refuses to eat now, there’s a possibility that he feels too lonely. I’ll see what I can do to change that,” he offered. 
Indeed, the man was smart enough to realize that something else might be the cause of their son’s problem. 
Hearing his explanation, Sasha felt slightly relieved. 
She stopped pondering about the matter the next few days. Matteo and Vivian would be graduating from elementary school soon, so she would have to pick a suitable junior high for them.
After a parent-teacher conference, Geraldine Waldorf, Jessica’s mother, stopped Sasha in her tracks by grabbing her arm excitedly. “Mrs. Hayes, let’s send our children to art school. Look, Vivian and Jessica love jewelry and fashion design, right?” 
Sasha was delighted. 
She loved having the kids back at school, for their lives could return to normal. 
In some elite high schools, the teachers and principals had to serve the spoiled brats from the upper- class society. In her opinion, the purpose of education was long gone. 
“Oh? What arts school do you recommend, then?” 
“Ivy Arts School, of course. My cousin’s daughter majored in dancing there, and she’s now the top dancer of an opera house!” 
“Really?” Envy shone in Sasha’s eyes. 
Right then, another parent joined their conversation. 
“Mrs. Hayes, Mrs. Pole, fancy running into you here. Are you talking about schools?” 
“Yes. Where are you sending your child? I heard that public schools have poor discipline, and private schools are better. My daughter isn’t that smart, so I was thinking of sending her to an art school,” Geraldine answered eagerly. 
She started brainwashing the parent without further hesitation. 
Sasha found the entire situation amusing. 
In fact, she was happy that her daughter’s friends’ parents had struck up a conversation with her.
Though Vivian seemed adorkable, she had passed her exams with flying colors. And though she wasn’t as smart as her brothers, getting enrolled in a top high school was not a problem. 
“Mrs. Hayes, have you made up your mind? Where will you register Vivian at?” 
“I haven’t made up my mind. I have to discuss with her father first,” came Sasha’s hasty answer. 
“Right. I need to do that, too. We should leave. Mrs. Hayes, when you make up your mind, let me know. We can head to the school together,” Geraldine reminded her heartily. 
“Sure, of course.” 
The gathering of the parents at the entrance of the school was a hilarious sight. 
That was what Sebastian saw when he came to pick up his wife. When he saw her chatting merrily with the other housewives, the corners of his lips twitched. 
Is this the normal life she has been harping about?
###Chapter 1395
Chapter 1395
Chapter 1395 Are You Harming My Child 
A week later, Sebastian departed for the island again. 
As Sasha couldn’t accompany him, she packed his luggage to the brim and even baked a box of brownies for him to bring along. 
“Sebby, make sure you bring the brownies to Little Ian. He loves the brownies I make. If he has a reduced desire to eat, he can eat the brownies.” 
“Got it.” 
Sebastian took the box of brownies from her and placed it in his briefcase carefully. 
Though Vivian and Matteo wanted to pay their brother a visit too, they had to go to school and couldn’t take a leave. Thus, they would have to wait until winter break to go visit Ian. 
Sebastian then left Avenport. 
When he finally arrived at the island, it was already evening. Glancing at his watch, he got off the boat and went straight to the house. 
“Welcome, Mr. Hayes!” 
Karl immediately ran over to help Sebastian with his luggage. He had been waiting outside the house after receiving news that Sebastian was going to come. 
“Where is Ian?” asked Sebastian. 
Karl answered, “Wendy brought him to Mr. Pence’s house for dinner a while ago. He is still refusing to eat and would only eat a little at Mr. Pence’s house.”
He’s still refusing to eat? Sebastian’s brows furrowed together in distress. 
Instead of stepping into the house, he gave his briefcase to his subordinate before heading in the direction of the research institute. 
In the living quarters, Wendy and Ian were having dinner here. 
“Mrs. Pence, sorry for troubling you often,” Wendy apologized. 
“There’s no need to apologize. I’m glad that he loves my cooking. Wendy, bring him here any time he wants, all right?” said Leah, shooting Wendy a reproachful look before reminding the latter not to say that anymore. 
Wendy could only flash an apologetic smile at her words. 
Back on the table, Ian picked up his fork at the sight of the plate of shrimp rolls. He hadn’t eaten for days back at home. 
“Eat slowly. No one will take it from you,” Wendy reminded the boy, pleased that he was finally eating something. 
They were enjoying dinner when Sebastian arrived and knocked on the door. Hearing his knocks, Leah ran out of the kitchen swiftly. 
“S-Sebastian? Why are you here all of a sudden?” she stammered. 
The sight of the young man at the door had clearly shocked her senseless. 
Indeed, a surprise visit could be shocking for some. 
Sebastian looked past her as his gaze landed on his son inside the house.
“Yes. Is Ian inside?” he asked calmly. 
“Yes. H-He’s having his dinner,” came Leah’s hasty explanation. 
Nodding curtly, Sebastian strode into the house. 
However, the elderly woman remained rooted to her spot at the door, blocking his entrance. 
Finally, an unhappy frown marred the man’s brows. He seemed slightly disheveled after traveling a long way here. 
Leah parted her lips slightly. 
For a brief second, her cheeks turned pink from embarrassment as she finally realized she was blocking the entrance. Hastily, she moved out of his way. 
“Oh, I’m sorry. I was so delighted to see you here. Come on in. I’ll call Ambrose and ask him to keep you company.” 
She hurried to the living room to get her smartphone. 
At this moment, Ian had almost finished the plate of shrimp rolls in the dining room. 
“Hello, Mr. Hayes,” Wendy greeted him politely. 
She didn’t seem surprised by his arrival. Both she and Karl had been informed that he’d be paying a visit. 
Sebastian gave her a brief nod and glanced at his son, who was gulping down the food without saying a word. 
“Ian?” he called out.
There was no answer. The boy was still eating as though he did not see his father. 
Sebastian’s expression turned unpleasant. He took the seat next to Ian and asked sternly, “Ian Hayes, what are you doing?” 
Silence greeted him. 
“Daddy!” 
This time, he finally got a response. 
The boy turned at his shoulder and spotted his father. His eyes, which seemed to be obsessed with something, snapped back to reality. Sebastian saw the boy’s eyes slowly turn red. 
“Daddy!” The boy hurled away his fork and flung himself into his father’s arms. 
Without a second thought, Sebastian wrapped his arms around Ian. 
“All right. There’s no need to cry. I’m back. Look, I’m right here,” he assured the boy gently, tightening his grip around the boy’s little figure. 
Wendy’s eyes widened in shock at the unusual sight. 
“Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ian has been awfully calm for the past few days. Turns out he can still cry. I thought he has grown into a little adult by now,” she joked. 
Sebastian fell silent. 
He took one look at the housemaid. 
Without saying another word, he tightened his hug.
In the end, Sebastian brought Ian back home. Before they left, Ambrose came back as well. Both he and his wife sent the father and son off. 
“Sebastian, don’t worry. The child has been too focused on the research. Look how he gulped down his food in our house.” Ambrose’s tone was assuasive. 
“Mmm,” Sebastian grunted in reply. 
He then left Ambrose’s house with Ian. 
Back at their house, Ian was already asleep in his father’s arms. Holding his son in his arms, Sebastian whipped something out of his pocket. 
“Give this to Xayden so he can run a test on it,” he ordered. 
“Huh?” Karl accepted the stuff before gazing at his boss in utter disbelief. 
When Wendy saw what the stuff was, her face was immediately drained of color.
###Chapter 1396
Chapter 1396
Chapter 1396 You Must Be Overthinking 
It was a piece of shrimp roll. 
As Wendy trembled in horror, Xayden took the shrimp roll to run tests on them. Uneasiness surged in Wendy’s heart as they waited for the results together. 
Karl couldn’t hide his shock. 
What’s going on? Why did Mr. Hayes ask Xayden to run tests on that shrimp roll? 
That night, everyone had a sleepless night. 
The next morning, everyone swiveled their heads to stare at Xayden when he showed up. 
“So? Is there something wrong with the shrimp roll, Xayden?” 
“Yes, Xayden. Tell us about the results,” Wendy urged. 
To everyone’s surprise, Xayden shook his head, seemingly confused by the results, too. 
“The shrimp roll is fine. I ran a few tests but only got these.” He offered a piece of handwritten paper full of data. 
Karl grabbed the paper from him at once. 
“XX percent of protein, XX calories, vitamin… Damn it, Xayden! What the heck is this? Who told you to analyze this?” he demanded. 
“Isn’t that what Mr. Hayes wants? Mr. Ian is refusing to eat, so he wants to find out the nutrient content, right?” the young man retorted.
His tone was devoid of any guilt or shame. 
Both Karl and Wendy were rendered speechless. 
They stared at Xayden without a word for some time. 
The three of them were in a stalemate at the door when Sebastian and Ian came down the stairs. 
After getting a good night’s sleep with his father, Ian seemed more energized this morning and was back to his usual self. 
“Daddy, where are Vivi, Mommy, and Matt? Are they all right at home?” 
“Yes, they are fine. They miss you a lot, though. Do you want to come home with me?” 
He had made that decision to bring his son home after considering for a long time last night. 
Alas, the boy merely widened his eyes and replied, “No, I won’t leave. I haven’t finished my research. Mr. Pence and the others are developing a spacecraft. I added a microchip inside so it can sense foreign signals in space. I can’t go home now.” 
Sebastian couldn’t believe he had just been rejected by his son. 
Fine. He’s a genius, after all. 
He stopped talking about that and brought his son downstairs after they changed out of their pajamas. 
“Mr. Hayes, good morning. Xayden just informed us that there’s nothing wrong with the food from last night,” Wendy reported as soon as she spotted them. 
It wasn’t her fault, for she was tasked with taking care of this child. If something were to happen to him, it would be her fault. She wouldn’t forgive herself if that were true.
At her words, a hint of surprise flashed across her usually calm employer’s gaze. 
“It’s fine?” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes,” came Xayden’s reply. “I’ve run a few tests on it. Are you planning on preparing a healthy and balanced menu for Mr. Ian because he has been refusing to eat?” 
Sebastian did not answer to that. 
He merely dismissed them with a wave and brought his son to the dining table. 
It’s fine? Was I wrong? 
After revealing the breakfast spread prepared by Wendy, he looked at his son and asked, “Which one do you want?” 
“Milk. And a sandwich,” Ian replied. 
He grabbed his fork earnestly, seemingly eager to enjoy his breakfast. 
Sebastian sank into his thoughts. 
His brows were still knitted up when they finished breakfast. 
Half an hour later, Ian finished his breakfast. Karl brought him out for a stroll while Sebastian gave Grayson a call. 
“If he returns to his usual self after your arrival, we can assume there’s no one he can communicate with on that island, so he refuses to talk. He’s a loner, so it’s normal for him to react that way if his family isn’t with him,” Grayson explained.
The frown marring Sebastian’s brows deepened. 
If that was the problem plaguing Ian, he did not mind spending some time with him. That wasn’t a huge issue. 
That day, he called Sabrina, who was in Jadeborough, and told her to return to Avenport to run the company as he would be busy taking care of Ian on the island. 
Sabrina found that funny. 
“Is he serious? He wants me to run the company? Shouldn’t he ask me to take care of his son? I’m a woman, so I should be taking care of the child!” she complained to Devin. 
Devin had no choice but to persuade her, “Darling, think from another perspective. He wants you to run the company because he thinks you’re as capable as him. Isn’t that great?” 
“Really?” she exclaimed, her eyes flashing in excitement. 
Indeed, women love to be praised. 
Thus, Sebastian remained on the island while Sabrina returned to Avenport and took over the reins of Hayes Corporation when its CEO wasn’t in town. 
Both brother and sister were capable beings.
###Chapter 1397
Chapter 1397
Chapter 1397 Trouble In Hayes Corporation 
After hearing the news, Sasha even went to the office to look for her. 
“Sab, why did your brother ask you to come? Why isn’t he back himself?” 
“Huh? What a weird question from you, Sasha. Why are you asking me instead of your husband?” 
Sabrina was livid when she heard the question from her sister-in-law. 
Her words rendered Sasha speechless. 
Isn’t it obvious? 
Why would I come to you if I can pry the real reason out of that man’s mouth? 
Nevertheless, Sasha did not say that out loud. 
For the next few days, there was no bad news from the island. Every time she called, she would be informed that Ian had recovered. Sebastian would even send her videos as proof. 
Thus, she was relieved. 
Time flew by. In the blink of an eye, half a month had passed. 
Ichika: Good news, everyone! My husband has undergone his second hypnosis session, and he’s fine. 
Early in the morning, someone with a cartoon image as their profile picture sent a message to the family chat. 
Immediately, the others responded.
Rufus: That’s great news. I’ve heard that in similar cases, they’ll be fine after the hypnosis session. 
Sasha: Yes. Most of the time, the patient is very afraid of getting hypnotized because, during the hypnosis, they’ll see the moment of their trauma. They can’t move past it sometimes. 
Devin: In that case, this is fantastic news! 
Sabrina: D*mn! Then when will he be coming back? I can’t stand it anymore. The sales report for this f*cking week went down by five percent again. What in the world is going on? 
In seconds, the woman started complaining about the company. 
Sebastian did not participate in the chat—he was most likely taking care of the child. 
Solomon, on the other hand, immediately made an appearance upon reading the messages. 
Solomon: Send me the file. 
Since they were all a family, Sabrina then uploaded the file to the family chat. 
Solomon, who was still in the ward, immediately accepted the file and began reading through the pages carefully. 
Right as his mind registered the letters on the pages, he scowled. 
Ichika was pouring him a glass of milk when she spotted his dark expression. Immediately, she walked over and asked in concern, “What’s the matter, Darling? Did something go wrong in the company?” 
Solomon’s brows furrowed. “It’s decreasing like Sabrina said.” 
Huh?
Ichika’s eyes widened. 
If it’s dropping, does that mean there’s an issue with Hayes Corporation’s products? Another possibility is that the competition is too strong. 
Ichika was talented in finance as well, so she instantly thought of a few possibilities for why things might have gone wrong. 
However, just as she clicked into the sales reports in the WhatsApp group, those thoughts of her dissipated. 
“Darling, this… All the company’s projects’ figures are going down. This isn’t a problem with the company; it’s more like—” 
“External shock in the market. Bring me my laptop. I’d like to have a look at the stock market.” 
Pessimistic thoughts were already forming in Solomon’s mind as he instructed Ichika to bring him his laptop. 
Quickly, Ichika went off, and she was back soon with her husband’s laptop. 
External shock in the market. 
Indeed, anyone who was in their line of work would understand the figures in an instant. 
Sasha, too, understood what the data meant. Therefore, when she realized that Sebastian had not responded to the messages, she called him. 
“Hello? Darling.” 
The second the call went through, Sebastian’s familiar lazy voice traveled out of the speakers.
For a moment, Sasha did not know whether to laugh or be mad at him. 
“What are you doing now? Why didn’t you look at the messages in the group chat?” 
“Hmm?” 
Sebastian, who was fishing with his son on the island, quickly pulled his phone away from his ear to look at the screen. 
“I’m fishing with Ian. What’s the matter?” 
Sasha took in a deep breath at that. 
This guy! 
Thank god he didn’t say this in the group chat, or else they’d have yelled at him. 
“Sab sent some sales reports from the company earlier, saying that our profits this week have dropped another five percent. I clicked in to have a look at it earlier, and it seems like trouble. It looks like it’s getting affected by the international economy.” 
“The international economy?” 
Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
Finally, he put down his phone and clicked into the report before letting his eyes run across the figures. 
“I’ve checked Wall Street, and as it turns out, the shares of many major companies have been dropping as well. It’s a terrible sign.” 
Sebastian did not answer her as he continued to look at the report.
Two minutes later, he finally said, “A war is coming.” 
“What?” Sasha was taken aback by his words. “What do you mean?” 
“Do you still remember the time when you were working for Andy at Wall Street? He once sent you to a business meeting in some country where the two clients are fuel tycoons,” he mentioned abruptly. 
Sasha tilted her head and thought about it. “As a matter of fact, I do. I still remember that the fuel tycoon was exceptionally generous. He didn’t waste any time signing a business deal with me. But we nearly died there back then.”
###Chapter 1398
Chapter 1398
Chapter 1398 Preying 
Wait a minute. We nearly died there? 
Something struck her like a bolt from the blue. 
“Sebby, do you mean they’re fighting again?” 
“Yes, but it’s different this time. They only had small fights back then. Now, the few alligators have their eyes on that large chunk of meat, and they’re tempted to strike at any time. That’s why it’s not a surprise that the rest of the world is having doubts about its economy,” Sebastian analyzed out loud. 
It was then Sasha realized what was going on. While she was talented in investment, she was no match for Sebastian in terms of the trends in the corporate world. 
“Then what should we do now? Five percent a week is tens of billions. If the figures keep going down…” 
“There’s nothing we can do but inform the important clients about it. When we really have to, we’ll halt our collaborations. Otherwise, Hayes Corporation will suffer an even greater loss if they get involved in it,” Sebastian pointed out to her. 
Sasha fell silent. 
Doesn’t that mean a trip out of the country will be necessary? 
Can Sabrina really do it? 
Those were the first thoughts she had after hearing Sebastian’s reply. 
However, in less than half an hour’s time, Sabrina reappeared in the group chat.
Sabrina: Sebastian, I’m telling you now that I’m not going to go. I won’t be able to deal with them. What in the world is this? We collaborate with them when things are going fine, but when things don’t, we stop working with them? 
Sasha, Devin, and Rufus saw the message but did not answer it. 
Ichika: Sab, you can’t put it that way. We have to maximize our profits. It’s not like anyone’s going to sing our praises if our company collapses. 
Sabrina replied with just an ellipsis. 
Everyone could sense the fury hidden behind those three dots. 
Sasha frantically intervened. 
Sasha: Calm down, calm down. I’ll get Sebastian to solve this. @Sebastian @Sebastian @Sebastian 
Got to get him to come quickly to appease Sabrina, Sasha thought. 
Truth be told, she felt that Ichika was right; protecting the company’s profits should be their priority. She’s good at business, huh? 
Just as blood was about to shed in the group chat, someone appeared. 
Solomon: I’ll go. I’ve already booked a plane ticket for tomorrow. 
Ichika: Huh? Darling, but… you have a therapy session tomorrow. And besides, have you ever dealt with a situation like this? 
Solomon: That’s enough. I’ve made up my mind.
He was not going to give Ichika any chance to say more, for the longer the conversation, the likelier she would say the wrong words. 
Therefore, the conversation ended with Solomon’s decision to head overseas. Meanwhile, although Sabrina was still fuming in the office, she did not appear in the group chat anymore. 
Sasha sighed and put down her phone. 
She still did not think that Solomon was not their best choice to deal with the situation. After all, it was a sudden, major issue. Anyone with less-than-impressive capabilities would certainly fail at it. 
At night, Sasha and her daughter were in the room as Sasha helped her with her revision. 
“Mommy, are you going to where Ian is again?” 
“What?” 
Sasha paused in her motions to look at her daughter, confounded by her words. 
“No. Who told you I’m going to Ian’s again?” 
“Matt. He called Daddy earlier, and Daddy told him that he has to take good care of me because you’re going to where Ian is,” the girl said softly. 
Sasha froze. 
Is that so? 
Why don’t I know anything about this? 
Sasha had thought that the girl was pulling her leg. Yet, to her surprise, she spotted two people from SteelFort as she went downstairs.
“Mrs. Hayes, Mr. Hayes has called us and instructed us to send you to the island to take care of Ian.” 
“What?” 
Sasha stood rooted to the spot. 
Seriously? 
Why didn’t he tell me anything about it? Why did he have to make it so sudden? 
“Has he decided to head overseas?” 
“Yes. We just received a call from him before hurrying over. It seems like Mr. Hayes has been accompanying Ian the entire afternoon. He told us to remind you to give him a bath when you’re there.” 
Sasha let out an audible sigh. 
No wonder he didn’t respond when I tagged him like mad in the group chat this afternoon. 
He was playing hard with his son. 
That night, Sasha went to the island via helicopter. By the time she arrived, it was already one in the morning. 
“Madam, you’ve come,” greeted Wendy, who already knew she was coming, with a wide smile. 
Sasha nodded. “Where’s Little Ian? Is he upstairs?” 
Wendy hummed in affirmation before saying, “Mr. Hayes told you to give him a bath when you arrived. He went mountain climbing with Mr. Hayes this afternoon again. The little boy is quite happy, and they only came back when the sun was setting.”
Wendy could not stop the smile that crept upon her face. She could see that the boy was returning to his usual child-like self, smiley and cheeky. 
After their short conversation, Sasha went upstairs to see her son. Meanwhile, the two SteelFort bodyguards sent Wendy back to Avenport to take care of Vivian and Matteo. 
Of course, Karl and Xayden remained. 
With Sasha and Ian there, Sebastian had to be even more careful, for he had a family to return to. 
The night after Sasha arrived on the island was a peaceful one with her son until someone came the next morning.
###Chapter 1399
Chapter 1399
Chapter 1399 Is Sasha An Idiot 
“Wendy, are you awake? I’ve brought you fresh vegetables!” the person outside the door shouted. 
Even though Sasha was upstairs, she could hear the enthusiasm in the woman’s voice. 
She stuck her head out of the window and looked down. 
“Mrs. Pence, you’re early.” 
“Huh? Sasha, when did you come? I didn’t see you yesterday.” 
Indeed, the person downstairs was none other than Ambrose Pence’s wife, Leah Jesson. 
She was rather astonished when she saw Sasha poking her head out of the window. 
Sasha beamed at her. “I came last night. Sebastian had to go back to deal with some things, so I came.” 
“I see. You haven’t made breakfast yet, have you? It’s almost eight now. I’m sure the boy’s hungry. Why don’t you come to my place for breakfast? I’ve made some pelmeni, and I still have some that I haven’t cooked yet.” 
Leah enthusiastically invited Sasha and her son for breakfast after hearing Sasha’s explanation. 
By then, Sasha had already gone downstairs. 
Opening the door, she cast an apologetic smile at the older woman and said, “It’s okay. I can make breakfast quickly. The boy’s father has left many groceries in the fridge.” 
“I see…” Leah mumbled, disappointment evident in her tone.
In the end, she said nothing else as she handed the vegetables she had brought with her to Sasha before exchanging a few words and leaving. 
Sasha did not dwell on their conversation as she brought the vegetables into the kitchen. Then, she took out some eggs to make their breakfast. 
Around ten in the morning, the mother and son got ready to leave the house. 
“Ian, are you going with Mr. Pence to the base for your learning?” 
“Yes, Mommy,” Ian replied with a nod as he packed his bag. 
In the past twenty days, the boy had returned to his original state as he started responding to questions. Even his eyes were bright. 
Sasha nodded back at him before packing her things. 
Confused, Ian muttered, “Mommy?” 
“It’s nothing. Let’s go. Mommy’s going to come with you. I’m bored here, and I’d like to see my sweetie work with experiments. I heard that the spacecraft with your microchip is about to launch.” 
Sasha was filled with pride when she mentioned the topic, and she was even more thrilled than her son. 
Ian shyly lowered his head in response. 
However, he was still overjoyed to hear his mother talk about his experiment and delighted to have her go with him. With that, the mother and son held hands and took a boat to the base. 
“Sasha, you’re coming along? Won’t you get seasick?”
To her surprise, she encountered Leah again on the boat. 
Sasha froze before answering, “I do, but it’s fine. I’d like to have a look at the results of the boy’s research. Mrs. Pence, are you going there too?” 
Sasha was curious as to why Leah was on the boat. Although Leah was one of the staff members at the research institute, she had no right to go to the base. Only the top scientists, as well as the executives of the institute, were allowed into the place. 
Why is Leah allowed entry there? 
All of a sudden, Ian, who was beside her, said, “Mommy, she’s there to take care of Mr. Pence.” 
Hmm? 
Sasha turned to look at her child. Oh. She’s there to take care of Ambrose. So she’s entering the place as a family member of the staff? 
“Indeed. I’m there to take care of my husband. You have no idea about this, but he was diagnosed with diabetes a few years ago, so he has to be careful with his diet. That’s why I’m usually by his side,” Leah explained. 
Sasha hummed in acknowledgment. It was important to watch one’s diet after getting diagnosed with diabetes. 
Hence, everyone boarded the boat. Once Ambrose arrived, the boat began heading toward the base. 
Not long after the boat sped off, Ian noticed his mother getting paler and paler. “Mommy, are you okay?” he asked hastily. 
Sasha nodded her head and ruffled his hair to reassure him that she was fine.
Unexpectedly, a while later, Leah handed her a cup of ginger tea with a few pieces of lemon inside. 
“Drink this, Sasha. This is good for motion sickness. I used to drink this to recover in the past too.” 
“Is that so?” 
Sasha then took the glass from her. 
Ginger tea with lemon was indeed a good remedy as the ginger could keep the cold away. In fact, it was perfect for her, especially after recovering from radiation exposure. 
Thus, Sasha downed it. 
Unsurprisingly, her motion sickness was less intense after the drink. 
Around twelve in the afternoon, they finally arrived at their destination, and Sasha led her son off the boat. When she saw the gigantic building in front of her, her jaw dropped. 
“Mommy?” 
“You must be shocked. I’ll have to confess that I was as shocked as you when I first saw it myself,” Leah told her with a chuckle when she spotted the wide-eyed look on Sasha’s face. 
Sasha let out an awkward laugh. 
Arriving at the base, both Sasha and Leah could not go further in, so Ian had to be led into the place by Ambrose.
###Chapter 1400
Chapter 1400
Chapter 1400 Raising Suspicion 
“Mommy, wait for me. I’ll come back for the meal,” the boy said to his mother before entering. 
Sasha nodded fervently. “All right. I’ll prepare the meal once I’m home, and I’ll be waiting for you to come back and eat.” 
She loved seeing her son being so intimate with her as it warmed her heart and made her chest swell with maternal pride. 
What she did not notice was that while her son was reminding her to wait for him, the woman standing beside her stiffened. 
Even after Ian was brought into the building, her eyes were still fixed in the direction that he had gone in. 
“He used to eat at my place.” 
“What?” 
Leah’s voice was too soft, so Sasha did not hear her clearly. 
Yet Sasha’s response snapped Leah back to reality as she quickly schooled her features to a neutral look. 
“Nothing.” She chuckled. “I was just commenting about how I never knew he was so attached to his mother. Let’s hurry back now. It’s already noon. I’m sure they’re only taking a brief look at the launcher before coming back out.” 
“Oh, okay.”
At that, Sasha panicked. 
The two hurried back to the dormitory for the staff at the base. In each unit was a bedroom and a living room, as well as a kitchen and a bathroom. It was comfortable and convenient. 
However, what made Sasha frown was that she realized her son did not have a unit of his own in the dormitory. 
“This is…” 
“Oh right. I forgot to explain this to you. Little Ian was still young when he was brought here, so Ambrose got him to stay with us instead. We have a living room and two bedrooms, so it was a perfect arrangement for us. It’ll be easier for me to take care of him in that way,” Leah explained when she saw the baffled look on Sasha’s face. 
Sasha fell silent. 
He’s staying with them? 
She was a little upset, for Ian was used to solitary moments since young. When she met him, he was five, and he was already living in his own bedroom. 
Yet now, he had been arranged to live with the old couple. 
Furthermore, he had mysophobia, like his father. When she entered the old couple’s room, she realized that the place was rather messy and dirty. 
Will Ian like a place like this? 
Sasha’s frown deepened.
Nevertheless, she voiced none of her thoughts. She planned to make lunch and raise the topic when it was the right time. 
Leah was delighted to hear nothing else from Sasha. Instantly, she went into the kitchen and began cooking while Sasha helped her out. 
Just as they were done preparing lunch, the sound of a car engine came from downstairs. Ambrose was back with Ian. 
“Little Ian, you’ve done not bad today. The performance of the microchip on the spacecraft was fully compliant with the data.” Ambrose showered the boy with praises as they went up the stairs. 
Ian’s ears reddened. 
Soon, the two arrived at the unit. 
“Where’s Mommy?” 
“Hmm? You’re back. Little Ian, your mommy’s cooking in the kitchen. Come on now, wash your hands so that you can eat soon.” 
When Leah saw that the two were back, her eyes lit up, and she hurriedly ushered the boy to wash his hands. 
Yet, at that moment, something odd happened. The boy simply stood at the doorway as his eyes swept across the place. He refused to enter. 
Just then, Sasha came out with the dishes. When she spotted her son standing right outside, she jogged over. 
“What’s the matter, Little Ian? Do you not want to eat?”
“No, that’s not it.” 
Ian lowered his head again. 
However, it was not because of shyness this time. His brows were knitted, and it was obvious that the expression on his face was an upset one. 
“Little Ian?” 
“Mommy, I want to eat over there,” the boy finally said as he pointed at the cafeteria of the base. 
Sasha and Ambrose blinked, stunned by his words. 
Even Leah, who had two plates in her hands, froze. 
“Boy, do you not like Mrs. Pence’s food? Look, Leah, you’ve got to make more of what the boy will like, like drumsticks and sausages,” Ambrose chided when he came back to his senses. 
Hearing him, Leah explained, “I did. Look, these are all his favorites. I—” 
“I’m sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Pence. Maybe the boy is picky. He’s always like this, even at home. His preference changes abruptly. I’m really sorry,” Sasha quickly apologized on behalf of her son when she realized the couple was about to get into an argument. 
Then, she left the unit with her son. 
After the mother and son went downstairs, and after making sure that the old couple was nowhere to be seen, Sasha crouched down in front of the boy and asked, “Little Ian, did you not like the environment earlier? Was it too dirty?” 
It was then he nodded in affirmation.
That’s strange. Doesn’t he usually eat there? He should be staying with them. Why hasn’t he gotten used to this place? Why is he only reacting so strongly to the place now? 
Many questions popped up in Sasha’s mind.
###Chapter 1401
Chapter 1401
Chapter 1401 Watching Her 
Later that day, after Ambrose came downstairs, Sasha asked to have a rearrangement for Ian’s unit. 
“Mr. Pence, Sebastian and I have discussed it, and we’ll try our best to be with the kid as often as possible. So, do you think it’ll be a good idea to let Ian have a unit of his own? That way, he doesn’t have to continue to disturb the two of you.” 
“He’s not disturbing us, don’t worry. But since you’ll be with him the whole time, it’ll be better for you to have a unit on your own. It’s fine. I’ll make the arrangements right away.” 
Ambrose then swiftly found someone to work on it. 
Later in the afternoon, the dormitory arrangements were completed. 
Sasha was thrilled to hear about the good news. She instantly tidied up the new unit while her son was away, learning new things. 
“Hello there, Sasha. I see that you’re tidying up the place. Really, was it not good to let him stay with us? Why did you have to trouble yourself?” 
It was Leah again. 
There was an apron on her, and she had a piece of rug in her hands. It looked like she was there to help her out. 
Sasha could not reject her offer. 
“It’s all right. I’ve done tidying up the place. Once the boy’s father is here, we can just move in right away. Otherwise, I’ll never hear the end of his complaints.”
“Huh?” 
The moment Sasha’s words left her mouth, the older woman, who was already helping out with the cleaning, halted in her tracks. 
“Sebastian will be coming in the future?” 
“Mm-hmm. We’ll probably stay by the boy’s side until he can live on his own. You know this too, don’t you? He’s a little different from the other children; that’s why we’re worried about him,” Sasha told her truthfully. 
Leah fell silent after that. 
That night, Sasha brought her son to the new unit. That night was the night that Ian had slept the best. 
Sasha had just lied down on her bed when she spotted a message from someone with a familiar profile picture. Joy surged into her brain as she happily texted him back. 
King of the Gods: Darling, are you asleep? 
Sasha: Not yet. 
Indeed, “King of the Gods” was none other than Sebastian. 
As to why his nickname was that was because he had spotted his nickname on Sasha’s phone— Apron-Wearing-SAHD Seb. He had then told her to change it to something else, insisting that it was ruining his cool image. 
King of the Gods: It’s already quite late. How do you find the base? How’s the boy? 
Sasha narrowed her eyes.
He couldn’t have installed a surveillance camera on me, right? How did he know that I’m at the base? 
Sasha: Pretty good overall. I even applied for a solo unit for Ian, and I’m now living in the same unit with him. 
She texted back as she glanced at her son, who was sleeping on the opposite bed. 
King of the Gods: He wasn’t in a solo unit? 
Sasha: No. Did you not know about this? 
Sebastian did not. 
In the dozens of days when he had accompanied the boy, he had never let the boy return to the base. His priority was to let Ian recover, so they had been eating and playing non-stop. 
No messages came from Sebastian’s side for a while. 
Sasha: Sebby, what’s the matter? Are you asleep? 
King of the Gods: No. 
Sasha: Then are you busy with work? By the way, how’re things on your side? Are the clients easy to speak with? Are there any who are exceptionally emotional? 
Sasha was concerned about the issue. 
However, to Sebastian, those were just trivial matters. He could even gain control over national affairs, so why would Hayes Corporation pose an issue to him? 
Sebastian was more concerned with his son.
Meanwhile, Karl, who was on the island, received a message. 
Sebastian: Keep an eye on Leah Jesson. Also, find out what she has been doing while I wasn’t around. I want to know everything she has done down to the minute. 
Karl: Understood, Mr. Hayes. 
The relatively short message from Sebastian radiated a murderous aura. 
It was something he had not felt for a long time. That feeling was only present when they were fighting on the battlefield. 
That night, an expert SteelFort member sneaked into the base while Karl began looking into every detail about Leah.
###Chapter 1402
Chapter 1402
Chapter 1402 The Eye Of The Storm 
When Sasha woke up the next morning, she realized the boy was nowhere to be found on the bed. 
“Little Ian?” 
She hurriedly crawled out of the bed and exited the bedroom. 
The new unit was not far from Leah and Ambrose’s unit—they were in the same building but on different floors—so she guessed that they must have invited the boy to their place. 
To her surprise, when she reached the old couple’s dorm, Leah was surprised to see her. 
“I didn’t see him this morning. I was just about to ask if you want to come for breakfast too,” she said, a plate of toast in her hands. 
Sasha frowned. 
He’s not here? 
Worry started to seep into her heart, and she quickly turned around to look for him. 
Leah followed her. 
However, when she returned to her dormitory unit, she spotted her son. He had a small paper bag in his hands as well as a loaf of bread. There were two glasses of hot milk on the dining table as well. 
Sasha asked, “Little Ian, where did you go? What are these?” 
“Mommy, I bought these downstairs. Come and eat!” 
The boy excitedly waved at his mother, motioning her to enter the unit.
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
So he went out to buy breakfast? 
Why didn’t he tell about it? Moreover, he has bought a lot. How did he bring them all back? 
Confused, Sasha took slow steps into the dorm as Leah followed her in. 
“Little Ian, did you go to the cafeteria alone? How did you bring these back by yourself?” Leah wondered out loud once she was inside the dorm. 
Almost immediately, the smile on Ian’s face dropped, and an emotionless look replaced it. 
He had no intention to reply her at all. 
Leah was speechless, and Sasha hastily answered on his behalf, “Maybe the staff at the cafeteria helped him bring them up. Mrs. Pence, my apologies to have disturbed you early in the morning.” 
It was only then Leah glanced at the other woman and the boy before retreating from the room. 
A while later, Ian said, “Mommy, ignore her from now on.” 
“What?” 
Sasha, who had just sat down, was taken aback by her son’s sudden request. 
“What’s the matter? Don’t you like her? She told me you’ve always had meals in her house and that she has always taken good care of you. Why are you asking me to ignore her all of a sudden?” 
Sasha could not wrap her mind around the matter.
Although the boy was not as good-tempered as Matteo and Vivian, his father had taught him to be well- mannered. Thus, Ian rarely expressed his dislike for someone so honestly. 
Sasha wondered what Leah had done. 
However, just as her question was out of her mouth, the boy fell silent again. 
Perhaps he had sensed that it was inappropriate of him to voice his thought. Despite not wanting his mother to speak to the other older woman, he did not elaborate it to Sasha. 
Sasha quietly watched him instead of forcing him to continue. 
Even after Ian was brought to the base—she stayed in the dorm—she was still ruminating about his words. 
“Sasha, the boy has gone to the base, hasn’t he? Let’s go grocery shopping.” 
Just as she was deep in her thoughts, a familiar voice sounded outside. It was Leah, inviting her to a grocery shopping trip. 
Sasha cocked her head to the side, contemplating. 
In the end, she agreed to it and went to grab a bag. “All right, Mrs. Pence. Give me a second.” 
Half an hour later, in a mini mart. 
As the researchers were the only ones who lived long-term in the base, the supply and demand in the area were low. Therefore, they only had a small mart that sold groceries and daily necessities. 
Sasha and Leah stepped into the mart.
“Oh my, the vegetables are quite fresh today. Look at the variety. Sasha, why don’t you buy these fresh shrimps? Your boy loves to eat shrimp rolls.” 
“Is that so?” 
Sasha walked over to Leah. 
Indeed, the shrimps in the seafood section were fresh. 
“The spinach is fresh too. So are the pumpkins. Maybe you can get a pumpkin to make pumpkin pie for him.” 
Leah seemed excited as she happily pointed at all the fresh vegetables to Sasha. 
At the start, Sasha thought nothing of her enthusiastic introductions. However, as time went by, her expression darkened. Nearing the end, when Leah suggested for her to buy the tomatoes, she shot a glare at her. 
“Mrs. Pence, is this what you used to make for Little Ian?” 
“Yes. He’s a kid, so it’s not surprising that he’ll like these, especially shrimp rolls. He always eats a huge portion of that dish when he comes over, so I’ll always prepare a large amount for him,” Leah said, beaming. 
At that, the last trace of friendliness in Sasha’s eyes disappeared. 
“Mrs. Pence, what research do you do at the research institute?” Sasha suddenly asked. 
Leah tensed up for a second. 
“Me? I’m not as great as Ambrose. I only research basic things.”
“Then you must be good at chemistry and biology, right? I heard that the researchers at the institute are all science students. For you to work here, I’m sure you must be great in either subject,” Sasha mentioned as a look of admiration crept over her face.
###Chapter 1403
Chapter 1403
Chapter 1403 The True Nature 
Leah felt embarrassed to hear that from Sasha. 
“No, no, I’m not a science student. We didn’t have categorization like those during my time. I’m sort of all right in them. It’s mere luck that I could join the research institute,” she humbly denied, and yet Sasha could hear the tinge of pride in her words. 
After all, her entry into the research institute had been an achievement of hers back then. 
Right as she was feeling gleeful about her achievement, the younger woman picked up the tomato she had suggested to her to buy earlier. 
“Well, if you’re well in both chemistry and biology, how would you not know that the combination of protein and tannic acid is destructive toward the human body?” 
“What?” 
The smile on Leah’s face froze. 
Sasha continued, “Look. The tomato is rich in vitamin C. When it’s mixed with shrimps, it will form arsenic trioxide. I don’t think I need to tell you what kind of harmful effects it has on the human body, right?” 
Without missing a beat, Sasha added, “Also, the spinach you were talking about earlier contains a high amount of nutrition. If you cook it with shrimp, not only will it produce potassium, but various kinds of chemical reactions will also occur. In fact, it can also create irreversible harm to the stomach. Mrs. Pence, are you doing this on purpose?”
By the time she reached her last sentence, her words were already of an icy tone and Leah’s face had turned ashen. 
When she heard Sasha question her intentions, her hands began to shake. 
“W-What do you mean? How could I have done this intentionally? I… I never thought of this. I only wanted to make the boy a few dishes that he would like. I never thought of this!” she snapped, furious. 
Sasha glanced at her, but she did not reply to her. 
Instead, she walked toward the eggs and picked two to put on her hands. Then she began talking about the shrimp rolls that Leah had kept talking about earlier. 
“Wendy told us a while ago that Little Ian has been refusing to eat his meals. He only ate a little when he went to your place, and his favorite is your shrimp rolls.” 
“And?” 
“Shrimp rolls by themselves are fine, but what if you marinated the shrimps in something else? Perhaps a mixture of spinach juice?” Sasha enunciated each word, almost gritting the words out. 
Indeed, she had finally come to realize that the boy must not be interested in food because of a lack of an appetite. Most of the time, a lack of an appetite would be due to a weak stomach. 
A weak stomach was something that would happen if one consumed spinach with shrimps. 
Right then, trembles began wracking Leah’s body. 
Her entire face was bright red as a look of hatred and anger took over the friendly and enthusiastic demeanor she had earlier.
Glaring at Sasha, she snarled, “Sasha Wand, you’re an ingrate. Your son is here to learn from others. He has no one taking care of him, so I fed him! Yet, you’re now telling me that I’m trying to poison him? Where’s your heart?” 
“I’m sure you know well whether or not I’m right.” 
Leah did not answer to that. 
“Also, have you forgotten about something important? Although I’m not as educated as you are, and even though I can’t get into a place like this, I’m a doctor. In fact, I’m a famous TCM doctor.” 
Finally, Leah fell silent. 
Once those words left Sasha’s mouth, the older woman stood transfixed, silent, with a colorless face. 
At that, Sasha’s calmness fled her. The thought of how her eleven-year-old son had been getting poisoned by the woman infuriated her. 
Instantly, she threw her bag in front of her and hissed out, “You’ll pay for this!” 
Those were her last words to her before she turned and left. 
Even if she were to be hurt, she would not let her son come to harm. She was not going to let anyone hurt him anymore, for he was her everything. 
With that thought in mind, Sasha ran all the way to the base. 
She was prepared to take her son out of the base and bring him back to Avenport. 
Beep… Beep…
“Hello, the number you have dialed is temporarily unavailable.” 
While she was on her way to the base, she tried to call Sebastian, who was overseas. Unfortunately, she could not reach him. 
What’s going on? 
Has he switched off his phone to focus on negotiating with the clients? 
Sasha panicked. If I want to bring the boy back immediately, I’ll need someone to make arrangements for the helicopter. Hence, she clicked into the group chat. 
Sasha: Devin, respond to me ASAP. Something happened at the base! 
Sabrina: What happened? Devin just headed off to the military base. I don’t think he has the time to look at his phone now. 
Sasha: Then call him quickly! I just realized there’s something wrong with Leah. She’s been feeding Little Ian poisonous food. I have to take him away from the base right away. I’m scared that he might be in danger. 
Old Mr. Jadeson: What? 
The elderly man suddenly showed up in the chat. 
However, that short message was the only message he had sent out in the group chat as he quickly called his granddaughter-in-law shortly after.
###Chapter 1404
Chapter 1404
Chapter 1404 The Battle Between The Geniuses 
Unfortunately, the reception got cut off at that moment. All Jonathan heard was a pre-recorded message informing him that his call could not connect to the receiver. 
In a moment of rage, he slammed the phone into the hands of the commander in charge of the White House’s internal affairs. 
“What the heck! Find out what happened at the base. If anything happens to my grandchildren and great-grandchildren, I will hold you responsible.” 
The old general, who had not killed in years, widened his eyes, emitting a murderous aura. 
Despite so, it was too late. 
When the commander tried to get hold of the base, he realized they could no longer receive any messages. 
In other words, they had blocked the signal. 
“Damn it! What the hell is Ambrose trying to do?” 
Once again, the White House was in chaos because of the mother and son’s disappearance. 
Little to everyone’s knowledge, the elite fighters Sebastian had sent to the base were getting massacred by the high-tech weapons at that time. 
It was an irony. 
Supposedly, this place created ideas to improve the lives of humans and help the country progress. However, it was now a hell on earth. The activation at the main gate had resulted in numerous laser
beams shooting across it, and within seconds, they took down several engineers who had toiled there for half of their lives. 
As though they were tofu, the moving red beams easily sliced through them, and they ended up in pieces. 
Indeed, the scale of destruction was terrifying, especially with technology. 
“Leah! Are you crazy? What the hell are you trying to do?” 
Ambrose rushed over from the control room after seeing the tragic scene unfold. He roared at the woman who was sitting silently outside the base with a child in her arms. 
There was no mistake that it was Leah, his wife. 
He could no longer recognize her as she seemed more like a devil now. 
“Ambrose, look at him. Doesn’t he look like our son, Shawn? He is smart and has a great talent for the things we have studied. I’m sure he is our son,” she murmured while hugging the child. 
As soon as Ambrose heard what she said, his eyes turned red with anger. 
What a crazy psycho! 
He quickly staggered over. However, as he was about to leave, a woman covered in blood grabbed onto the bottom of his trousers. 
She pleaded, “M-Mr. Pence, I’m begging you to save Little Ian. You are powerful… I’m sure you can control her.” 
It turned out to be Sasha. She had suffered many injuries on her body because of the laser beams.
If the men from Steelford, lying dead beside her, had not protected her, she would have been in pieces by now. 
Tears welled up in Ambrose’s bloodshot eyes. 
He did not tell her that Leah was more powerful than him, and the only exception was when she suffered a devastating blow because of their son’s death. 
Subsequently, she ended up in The Substratum. 
Ambrose cautiously approached her. 
“Leah, listen to me. Give me the child first, please? And switch off the laser beams. Have you forgotten that you used to play a part here too? Can you bear to see everything get destroyed here? Besides, those people were once your colleagues.” 
He tried to knock some senses into the woman as he took a few steps forward. 
Despite so, she did not seem to understand the concept of sympathy. 
Hearing what Ambrose had to say, she cackled with laughter. 
“I’m not doing anything. Ambrose, isn’t the switch at the place where you came from?” 
“Leah!” Ambrose yelled in exasperation. 
He knew that the woman had replaced all the switches he had designed in this place behind his back and had taken all control. 
“If you don’t come to your senses now, I’ll die right here!”
Suddenly, the old scientist who had contributed his whole life to the nation stood up. 
Shocked, Sasha painfully shrieked from behind him, “Mr. Pence, you can’t do that! Those laser beams will cut you.” 
The place where Ambrose stood was the area where most laser beams would pass through. He would turn into a pile of minced meat in seconds if the laser beams reached him. 
However, the man acted as though he heard nothing. 
With a click, a fiery red laser moved toward him. 
“Ambrose, do you think I will give in if you do this? Well, I’m sorry to tell you that I stopped caring about you a long time ago when you did nothing but watch Sebastian kill our son.” 
Unexpectedly, the lady did not move an inch nor comply with his request. 
Sasha was taken aback. 
Buzz. 
When she heard the odd sound above her head, Sasha did not hesitate to stand up as she pulled the older man down onto the floor. 
Leah stammered, “W-What happened to my lasers?” 
She anxiously stood up. 
Sasha realized that the sound she had heard earlier was the sound of the laser beams disappearing. 
What is going on?
###Chapter 1405
Chapter 1405
Chapter 1405 Sebastian Is The Culprit 
Huh? Why did the laser beams disappear all of a sudden? 
Staring at the empty base, Sasha was equally baffled. 
Right then, they heard a loud buzzing sound above them, and they watched as the dust from the ground was swept up into the sky like a hurricane. 
A fighter jet landed near them at top speed after passing by a tower destroyed by the laser beams earlier. 
Oh my gosh! 
Sasha was dumbfounded by what she saw. 
Similarly, Leah widened her eyes in confusion. With the child still in her arms, she tried to figure out what was happening. 
Seconds later, a few figures stepped out from the fighter jet. 
Buzz. 
Leah froze. 
At the same time, Sasha looked back. 
Before they knew it, they saw a thin silver shooting through the dust and smoke. 
Slash! It was the sound of human flesh sliced apart. 
Leah could only stare in disbelief when it sliced off her hand around the child.
Sasha and Ambrose were startled. 
Before they could react, a dark shadow appeared behind the woman and took the child away from her. 
It was a terrifying scene that seemed like it came right out of a sci-fi movie. 
Everyone was stupefied, including Leah. 
Only when blood started spurting out from her wrist like a tap did she clutch onto it in pain. She screamed hysterically before collapsing onto the ground. 
Right on the dot, the man hidden by the smoke appeared. 
He had a toned build, and he came with a rifle in his hands. Dressed in a suit and dress shoes, he looked like he had traveled here from a business meeting. 
Sebastian? I can’t believe it’s him! How is that possible? I’ve blocked all of his phone signals, so how on earth would he know what happened? On top of that, how did he manage to rush here in time? 
Leah recognized him at first sight. Ignoring the searing pain from her wrist, she screeched, “When did you return? No… This is not possible. No!” 
“Is that so hard to believe? Didn’t you doubt my son for bringing so much breakfast back this morning? Well, I arranged for my men to send him up.” 
Sebastian approached her and gave her a death glare. 
Noticing the severed hand on the ground, he let out a disgusted snort before kicking it away. 
“However, your craziness did surprise me. I can’t believe that my first miscalculation in life happened because of you.”
Although Sebastian had no intentions to kill anymore, he still gave off a murderous aura when he made eye contact with the woman on the ground. Leah’s face was pale and covered in blood. 
At once, he raised his hand and pointed a laser gun at her. 
“No!” Ambrose screamed from afar when he saw that. 
He begged, “Please don’t do it, Sebastian. Please let her off. She is doing this only because we lost our son that year. If you want to deem her guilty of how things turned out, then I will bear the consequences on her behalf!” 
Sebastian was about to slice Leah’s head into two with his gun, like how a lapidary would cut a stone. 
However, Ambrose’s words stopped him. 
“Ambrose, do you know what you are saying? Why are you pleading on her behalf?” 
Sebastian turned to Ambrose with a look of disbelief. He could not fathom why a sensible man like Ambrose would say such things. 
“Ambrose, look around you. Count the number of corpses that are lying behind you. Think about how much of your research she has destroyed. Why are you defending her?” he spat in frustration while pointing at the corpses. 
Ambrose’s face, which was covered with blood, turned as white as a sheet of paper. 
Despite so, his expression quickly changed. As though he had a new idea, he argued, “Leah did this because she’s not right in the head.” 
“Not right in the head?” Sebastian growled, feeling even more agitated than before. “If she cannot think straight, how did she manage to change all the control switches here? How did she manage to draw up
such a sophisticated plan to target an eleven-year-old child? I don’t think she meant to implement this only when she came to the island. She probably started plotting this since both of you came to our house.” 
Realizing that Sebastian’s assumptions did not seem unrealistic, Ambrose kept mum, unsure how to respond. 
When he received the message that someone had intercepted their communication in the area, his wife had reminded him of the address of the Hayes Residence. 
Therefore, it was possible that Sebastian was right.
###Chapter 1406
Chapter 1406
Chapter 1406 Fearful The Whole Time 
He finally collapsed onto the ground. 
At that sight, Sebastian raised the gun in his hands again. 
“Haha, Sebastian. You are a joke. Yes, I am responsible for everything. But who are you to judge me? Clearly, you are the real culprit here.” 
Seeing that her husband remained silent, Leah, who was lying on the ground, started to laugh hysterically. 
Sebastian’s expression changed instantly. 
“What did you say?” 
“Don’t you remember? I only did all of this because my son died in your hands years ago. If he did not pass on, I would not have gone crazy. Things would not have escalated to this point either. Therefore, you are the person to be blamed for it all!” 
She is a psycho. I can’t believe she made it seem as though that’s the conclusion of our conversation. How cunning! 
Sasha, who had been listening from behind, blanched. 
“Nonsense! How could you—” 
Boom! 
Before she could finish, they heard a terrifying sound. It turned out that Leah had blown herself up with an explosive.
Sasha was dumbstruck. 
Luckily, Karl had arrived at that moment. He took one look at the situation before running over to his boss to drag him away. 
This matter had already taken a huge toll on Sebastian. 
If he got the blood splatters or pieces of human flesh on him, he would go crazy. 
The entire area was silent for about four to five minutes. Finally, Sasha climbed up from the ground, and she noticed the dumbfounded look on Sebastian’s face. 
In a panic, she grabbed his hands and cried out his name, “Sebby?” 
To her relief, after she shouted a few times, his stupefied expression faded a little, and his blank gaze slowly landed on her. 
“Are you okay?” 
He managed to croak out a few words, seeing her face covered with dirt and blood. 
Sasha nodded fervently and replied, “I’m okay. Don’t worry. We’re all okay. Little Ian is okay too.” 
She tried to comfort him while keeping eye contact with him, afraid that she might witness something terrifying in his eyes again. 
“Oh, that’s good to hear. This happened because of my negligence. I did not expect that Leah was capable enough to take control of the entire base. Even when I grew suspicious, I assumed it wouldn’t end up being something of this scale,” Sebastian explained. 
His voice sounded calm. While his face was paler than usual, he did not show any other emotions.
It was then that Sasha could finally relax a little. 
There was no way she could blame him for all this. 
Not only him, but she did not expect this situation to occur either. After all, that madwoman had looked like any other retired housewife. 
Therefore, even after uncovering her ploy at the supermarket, they did not keep their guard up. They only thought of leaving with their child before they left it to the research institute to handle the matter. 
Taking that route like others would usually go without a hitch. 
Yet, to everyone’s surprise, the woman was worse than a terrorist. Like those two-faced villains who would act innocent, she seemed harmless on the outside. If she did not uncover herself, no one would notice her role in it. 
After the incident, the couple left with their child. 
Jonathan came to the island two hours later. 
“I heard that the crazy b*tch said something that she should not have to Sebastian. How is he doing? Is he all right?” 
He came to the island after he went to the base and interrogated Sasha immediately once he arrived. 
Glancing upstairs, Sasha wondered what was going on too. She could only hold her finger to her mouth and tell him to keep his voice down. 
“He seems all right for now, but I will continue to keep tabs on him.” 
Jonathan’s expression dimmed.
Suddenly, he felt as though the burden of the past had come back to haunt him again. It felt like a nightmare, and it was so suffocating that he could not breathe. 
He chose to leave the island in the end. Meanwhile, Sasha and Sebastian prepared to return to Avenport after Ian had recovered from the shock. 
“Little Ian, are you okay? Do you feel uncomfortable?” 
“No, Mommy. Sorry for not telling you that I saw those bodyguards in the morning. If I did, you would not have gotten injured,” Ian muttered guiltily. 
On their way back, he scanned the number of wounds on his mother’s body, and his eyes began to well up with tears. 
It was actually Sebastian’s arrangement. 
As he could not figure out what Leah had done to the child, he had ordered a few bodyguards to protect Sasha and Ian without their knowledge. 
Gently stroking her son’s head, Sasha assured him, “It’s okay. These aren’t serious injuries. There is no need for you to feel bad.” 
Then she abruptly turned to Sebastian. “Sebby, after we get to Avenport, do we return to Frontier Bay first? Or should we head to the hospital for Ian to have a check-up first?”
###Chapter 1407
Chapter 1407
Chapter 1407 What Is A Setup 
She realized that he was silent for the longest time while he stared out of the helicopter, seemingly occupied with his thoughts. 
“Huh?” 
Sebastian looked at her in confusion. 
“What did you say?” 
For no reason, Sasha’s heart sank. 
She secretly clenched her fists to calm herself down before she repeated, “I said, what should we do when we go back. Should we get Ian to do a check-up first?” 
“Sure, though I’m afraid I can’t accompany you there. I have to make a trip to Jadeborough.” 
“What?” 
Sasha looked at him suspiciously. 
Jadeborough? Why is he going there? Does he have anything to do there? Is he going there to look for Grayson? 
Blood drained from her face. 
“Darling…” 
“Yes?”
Snapping out of his daze, the man finally looked more clear-headed when he heard her use an unusual term of endearment for him. 
It took him some time to realize that her face was pale, and she had fixated her beautiful eyes on him. They had a mix of fear and panic in them. 
What is this silly girl thinking? Did she think I’m going to go crazy again? 
Helplessly, he stretched out his hand to grab her slender wrist resting on the table. 
Like he had guessed, she had clenched her hands tightly into fists. 
“You dummy, what are you thinking? Your husband is fine. I did not turn into someone else after such a big event. Come on, could you have some faith in me?” 
“Huh?” 
Overwhelmed by terror, Sasha looked perplexed when she heard what he said. 
“D-Didn’t you?” 
“Of course not. I need to go to Jadeborough to look for the family members of those engineers and offer them some compensation. After all, Shawn died because of me. I should bear the consequences of this event. But that madwoman’s words don’t make sense. It’s like a case of rape, where the offender argues that the woman has dressed skimpily to seduce him and force him into committing the crime. Do you think that adds up?” 
The example did not seem appropriate at that time, especially in the presence of Ian. 
Regardless, after hearing his words, Sasha could finally let go of her worries. 
Well, what else can go wrong if he can use such an example?
She breathed out a sigh of relief. 
Later on, when the family returned to Avenport, Sasha headed to the hospital with Ian while Sebastian headed straight to Jadeborough. 
Other than the reason he explained to Sasha, he also wanted to see the damage at the base. After all, the country was now in turmoil, so they did not have much power. 
That night, the family group chat also exploded because of the matter. 
Mr. Wand: Are you telling me that Little Ian went over because of that woman’s scheme? 
Sabrina: What the hell? I’m furious! Too bad we can’t retrieve her corpse. Otherwise, I will whip her corpse to make sure she can’t rest in peace. 
Ichika: Me too! 
Devin: I’m not asking… 
Everyone was livid. 
At the thought of Sasha being in danger, and Ian, who was barely eleven years old, being that close to dying in Leah’s hands, they shook with anger. 
However, after that night, they discovered that Sebastian had made a shocking decision. 
Jonathan exclaimed, “Are you sure you still want to send Little Ian to the research institute? Also, are you going to fund the reconstruction of the base by yourself? Let me remind you that it’s not a small cost.”
The old man was more agitated. From his perspective, whatever his grandson had said did not make sense. They were illogical, no matter how hard he thought about it. 
Besides, Ian had almost lost his life there. 
And now, he was sent back there again. 
The investment made even less sense for him. Although Leah had mentioned it, what did it have to do with him? Any sound individual would not have come up with such an idea. 
That night, the young man stayed in his study. He stared at a painting of a green pine hanging on the wall and had no reservations about his plan. 
“The incident killed almost two-thirds of the top engineers at the research institute. You might have an army, but without the high-tech weapons, how long do you think you could hold it out against your opponents? Also, Ian is my son. If we don’t use his talents, what is the point of having them in the first place? As one of the nation’s leaders, I don’t think you should worry about all that. You should think about how we can employ more people like Ian instead.” 
Sebastian ended up reverting a question to Jonathan. 
The man, nearing his eighties, stood behind Sebastian and had nothing to say. 
All he felt was shame and guilt.
###Chapter 1408
Chapter 1408
Chapter 1408 Deal With This Girl 
In the end, things were decided according to Sebastian’s will. 
Ian would return to the research institute. And as there was massive destruction to the base, resulting in severe losses, Sebastian had to fork out almost two-thirds of his savings to rebuild it. 
His share was not small either. 
When Solomon, who was still in the hospital in Jadeborough, found out about it, he called the company immediately. 
“How much money can we use?” 
“Mr. George, due to the recent financial crisis, Mr. Hayes has closed several businesses overseas. His revenue has fallen, and he doesn’t have much cash left in the account. There’s roughly about a few hundred billion left.” 
“Well then, transfer a hundred billion to the research institute,” Solomon instructed. 
While peeling the fruits beside him, Ichika overheard the conversation, and her eyes widened as though he had dropped a bombshell. 
She had never seen a few hundred billion in her life. 
Once the phone call ended, she finished peeling the fruits and approached her husband. 
“Darling, I have a question. Sebastian is no longer with Hayes Corporation. So how is he going to earn money? If he pays such a large sum this time, how is he going to survive in the future?” 
Ichika sounded concerned.
Solomon remained silent. 
It would have been easy to answer her if she had asked this question in the past. 
As one of the kings of the business industry, how could he be short of money? However, he had been busy helping the Jadesons with many things in the past two years, so he did not have the time to manage his finances. It did not help that he was unwell after. 
As such, he was not as affluent as before. 
Solomon picked up the phone again. Shortly after, the finance department of Hayes Corporation received another order to give the previous boss half of the bonus received by the current president. 
Two days later, after finishing his work at Jadeborough, Sebastian was ready to return to Avenport. 
Jonathan asked, “Are you not going to visit him?” 
What is this man thinking? I’ve left the family. Yet, he nags and complains about me all the time. 
Ignoring him, Sebastian continued to walk out. 
To his surprise, he saw Ichika in a yellow princess dress and laced shoes when he stepped out of Oceanic Estate. 
Seeing that Sebastian was finally out, Ichika felt overjoyed. She ran over to him but did not say anything more, as his intimidating presence alone made her lower her head. ”S-Sebastian, are you heading back?” 
Sebastian frowned at her. 
“What’s the matter?”
“W-Well, could you visit my husband? He has been making a fuss about going back, especially after hearing about what happened to your family. For the last two days, Dr. Wallen was the one who got him back,” Ichika requested cautiously. 
Indeed, she was scared of him. 
Moreover, she had secretly caused trouble in the past. 
Fortunately, after she made her request, Sebastian agreed without making things difficult for her. 
“Is he a kid? Why is he running away all the time?” he complained. 
Ichika shrugged, afraid to say more. 
Following that, the two of them headed to the hospital. 
Solomon would never have thought that the woman by his side all the time would find someone to teach him a lesson because of his disobedience. 
At this moment, he was using his phone to buy air tickets when he heard a knock on the door. 
“Come in,” he muttered without even lifting his head. 
When the door opened, cold air gushed in, causing him to shiver. Turning his head to see his visitors, he saw an older man in a white coat with another familiar-looking man. 
“Solomon, how are you feeling today? Have you taken your medicine?” 
“Yes, I have,” Solomon replied in a daze. He forgot what he was doing a minute ago.
Grayson looked at the man behind him and explained, “It isn’t as exaggerated as his wife described it to be. He wanted to run away from here, but after I talked to him, he’s been taking his medicine obediently. He is still recovering, so you don’t have to worry.” 
“Are you sure we don’t have to send him to The Fourth Hospital?” 
Sebastian remained expressionless. 
Hearing that, Solomon finally regained his senses. 
“Ichika, what are you trying to do? Why did you bring him here?” 
“I—” 
The lady hiding behind the two males could not explain herself when Solomon questioned her. 
Sebastian’s handsome facial features morphed into an angry expression. He growled, “Why are you shouting? She is only worried about you. Anyway, Grayson said you have to stay for another two weeks. You better listen to him. Otherwise, The Fourth Hospital is awaiting you.” 
Sebastian did not forget to threaten him as he finished. 
Solomon felt so riled up that his knuckles creaked as he balled them into a fist. 
However, he suppressed the ball of fury in his chest when the other man left and ignored Ichika. 
Ichika was rendered speechless. She felt aggrieved but decided not to provoke him in the next few days.
###Chapter 1409
Chapter 1409
Chapter 1409 Indignant 
Ichika: Grandpa, Dad, Mom, I have good news for you. My husband no longer requires hypnosis and will recover soon. 
Mom: Is that true? That’s great news! When will he be discharged? Should we visit him? 
Dad: Why should we go? 
After Ichika saw the Hayeses’ group chat, she had created one for her family as well. 
Noticing that her father was getting angry, she quickly sent another message. 
Ichika: It’s fine, Dad. We would be glad if you could join us. 
Dad: I’m not going. Your mother brought your sister there some time ago and embarrassed themselves. I’m not planning to do that to myself. 
Grandpa: Yes, and don’t forget that’s the reason why Himari married into the Nogita family. 
The middle-aged man with a traditional mindset thought about the previous incident and could not bring himself to face Solomon anymore. 
Aoi did not dare to speak out after those messages. 
It was an unspoken rule in the country. If the man did not allow for something, the woman should not go against his wishes. 
Ichika pouted as she switched off her phone.
It was not until nighttime that Solomon realized something was off about Ichika. 
“Ichika? What are you doing?” 
He came out from the ward and saw her sitting on a chair by the corridor. Usually, she would love to pester him and stay close to him. Yet, she decided to hide outside this time. 
He furrowed his brows. 
“Oh? It’s nothing, Darling. I just wanted to sit here for a while.” 
As soon as she heard his voice, Ichika quickly stood up and kept her phone away. 
In fact, she had been chatting with her mother. 
Regardless of what had happened, Aoi loved her daughter. Knowing that her daughter was hurt after the family had turned down her invitation, she wanted to comfort her. 
However, when she mentioned her other daughter’s tragic situation in the Nogita family, it only made her feel worse. 
Even though Himari had married into that family, she still represented the Minamoto family, no matter how her life was. 
And although she had committed her fair share of shameful deeds, the Minamoto family had paid a lot of money so she could seem like a decent lady. 
Even so, she was getting more out of hand during this period. 
“All is good, Darling. I was on the phone with my mother,” Ichika lied to cover up the embarrassing matter from him.
Solomon stared at Ichika’s teary eyes quietly for some time, but the young woman remained silent. Thus, they headed back to the ward. 
The night went by peacefully. 
The next day, a nurse woke Solomon up, and he learned that Ichika had left early in the morning. 
“Mr. George, your wife left early this morning. She seemed anxious. Perhaps she went out to get you some hot soup for breakfast.” The nurse chuckled. 
It was not the first time they had teased Ichika for waking up early to buy delicious food for her husband. 
She was someone everyone found likeable. 
Hearing that, Solomon did not think much of it. He gave a small smile and headed to the bathroom to wash up. 
Initially, he had thought that she had gone to buy breakfast for him and would be back within half an hour. However, she was nowhere to be seen even after an hour. 
Where did Ichika go? 
Losing his patience, he took his phone and stormed out of the ward. 
But as soon as his phone call connected, he saw a petite lady, dressed in pink and purple, standing at the end of the corridor. She looked out of breath. 
“Darling, I-I’m here. I’m b-back,” she shouted, ignoring the presence of the doctors and nurses around her.
Hurriedly, she ran over to him, holding a bag in her hand. 
Solomon waited until she reached his side before he looked down at things inside the bag. 
“Where were you?” 
“I-I went out to get breakfast for you. You mentioned that you liked perogies the last time, so I bought them.” She raised the bag in her hand to show him. “But there were so many people, and I had to wait in the queue for a long time.” 
She looked at him endearingly, hoping to appease him. 
Solomon pressed his lips together, wanting to nag at her. 
However, under the expectant gaze of the lady before him, he ended up helping her with the bag. 
“All right, let’s eat inside.” 
“Okay!” 
They then headed into the ward after their blatant public display of affection. 
Mr. George is so lucky to have such a caring wife. 
After that small episode, Solomon told Ichika not to travel so far to get breakfast for him anymore as they could always have food from the hospital cafeteria. 
Ichika obediently obliged. 
Two days went by peacefully.
Yet on the third day, Ichika disappeared without reason again. To Solomon’s surprise, when he went downstairs to look for her, he saw her sitting under a tree in the garden, wiping her tears. 
###Chapter 1410
Chapter 1410
Chapter 1410 Screaming Excitedly 
What? 
At once, his expression darkened, and his gaze turned cold. 
By the time he returned to his ward a few minutes later, he had received information on Ichika’s messages over the past few days. 
Himari: If you don’t want me to cause trouble for the family, you can always give me money to stop me. It’s basic knowledge, you know. Thanks to your husband, I am stuck in this state, and my life sucks. If I don’t sing and dance at the bar, how else am I supposed to earn a living? 
Ichika: Ugh! How much do you want? 
Himari: Of course, the more, the better. Hey, you have money to spare as the wife of the president of Hayes Corporation. A few million sounds good to me. 
Ichika: That’s too much, Himari! You need to stop. 
This conversation between Ichika and Himari happened in the morning when the former had disappeared for a long time to get breakfast. 
Solomon looked gloomy. 
However, the issue was still bearable. As Solomon continued scrolling through their messages, he realized that Himari had threatened Ichika again after the latter had transferred her a few hundred thousand. 
Himari: Ichika, this is only one hundred and seventy thousand! That’s peanuts!
Ichika: That’s all I have. Besides, it’s a few million after converting it. 
Even through the screen, one could feel how cornered Ichika felt. 
Despite so, Himari did not care as she continued to use nasty words to degrade her biological sister. 
Himari: A few million? Are you crazy? Don’t you know where you stand now? Whose fault was it that I ended up in this predicament? 
Ichika did not reply. 
Himari: Well, it’s your husband! He exposed all my dirty laundry and ruined my reputation in Terrandya. I was forced to marry into the Nogita family because of him. 
For a long time, no more messages followed between them after that. 
Solomon, who was usually calm and controlled, felt his heart tighten at that moment. 
For the first time, he could not suppress his emotions. 
At that time, he did not tell Ichika because he did not think that it mattered. 
However, after he saw the messages, he started to worry. He wondered if Ichika would be angry after hearing Himari badmouth him. 
Would she ignore me? 
He continued to scroll through the text. 
Ichika: You deserved that punishment. My husband did nothing wrong.
Ichika finally replied to her sister’s message the next day, and her first reaction was to take Solomon’s side. 
That reaction made Solomon freeze. 
At that moment, he felt a ball of warmth in his chest. He had forgotten how it felt like to be cared for by others. It was something he had stopped feeling since he was eighteen. 
The only time he felt this way was during the ten years when the Wand family took him in, and now he felt it again. 
Although Heather could not officially bring him into the Wand family, she had treated him with a lot of care and love. 
She would wash and iron his clothes when he went to school and after school, she would visit him in the house she had rented for him and cook him delicious food. On top of that, she would also instruct the housemaid to report his wellbeing to her at all times. 
Whenever he got into trouble in school, she would be the first one to defend him like how Ichika did. 
Gripping his phone tightly, his knuckles turned white. 
After ten minutes, Ichika finally came back to the ward. She had calmed herself down and washed her face in the restroom as she did not want Solomon to notice her tears. 
“Darling, I’m back.” 
She plastered a smile on her face and pretended as though everything was fine. 
Solomon turned to look at her and stood up. 
“Wanna eat?”
“Huh?” Ichika was dumbfounded. 
Wanna eat? I thought he never wanted to go downstairs to eat me. That’s why I’ve been bringing food for him. 
“Darling, why—” 
“Dr. Wallen said that I should move around and get some exercise, didn’t he?” Solomon looked away and changed his shoes. 
Those words made Ichika snap out of her trance. 
Momentarily, she saw a burst of light before her, and she readily agreed. It felt like a miracle. 
“Sure, let’s go.” 
Excitedly, she ran to the closet and took out two containers to pack the food. However, the man took them away from her. 
“There is no need to pack them. We’ll eat there.” 
“Oh? Okay!” 
Ichika’s eyes lit up. 
The patients here were not physically impaired. Therefore, many patients and their family members would eat together at the cafeteria for every meal. 
The man had no idea how much Ichika envied them.
Besides, she had been packing him food so often that the workers at the cafeteria had been questioning her. 
Gleefully, Ichika stuck by her husband’s side. She lowered her head and looked at his arm longingly, wanting to hold it. However, she was afraid that he would not like it. 
To her astonishment, the man had taken the initiative to hold her hand, enveloping it with warmth. 
Ichika was shocked beyond words. 
###Chapter 1411
Chapter 1411
Chapter 1411 She Became Excited Again 
That afternoon, Ichika and Solomon walked to the cafeteria hand in hand. 
When they walked in, all the cafeteria ladies looked at them. It was their first time seeing Solomon. 
“Ichika, your husband is really handsome. Did you hide him from us because you were scared that we would snatch him away from you?” teased one of the cafeteria ladies. 
“That must be the reason. This girl is smart,” said another cafeteria lady. 
The cafeteria ladies teased Ichika, causing her to blush in embarrassment. 
“That’s not true. M-My husband is…” 
“Excuse me, may I have a portion of beef and fish. Do you have salmon? If you could pan fry it with some vegetables, that would be nice too.” Solomon saved Ichika from their teasing. 
Although he did not answer the cafeteria lady’s question directly, the way he gently asked Ichika for her preference and helped her to get food showed everything. 
It proved that Solomon cared about Ichika, and she did not have to fear anyone snatching him away from her. 
The cafeteria ladies smiled when they saw how Solomon took care of Ichika. 
Then, they went to prepare food for the couple. 
Solomon’s actions touched Ichika, and she held his hand as they walked to the table. She seemed like a happy child.
Solomon arranged the cutleries for her. His mouth curved into a charming smile when he saw how happy she was. 
Ichika and Solomon enjoyed lunch together. After lunch, as they walked back to the ward, Solomon suddenly looked ahead and asked, “Do you want to return to Jetroina?” 
“Huh?” Ichika looked up at Solomon, still holding his hand. “Return to Jetroina? When?” 
“I will be discharged in another ten days. Before returning to Avenport, we can go on a trip to Jetroina. However, that is if you want to go there,” Solomon said to her calmly. 
He was not used to being affectionate with anyone. 
It might have something to do with his personality. As he grew up in an unfortunate environment, it had caused him to develop a defensive mechanism to avoid getting hurt. 
In other words, even if he cared about someone, he was afraid of rejection. He feared that the person would reject him if he offered his concern. 
Ichika blinked innocently before him. 
Is he serious about it? That’s wonderful. If I return to Jetroina, I will be able to deal with the matter concerning Himari. My family is in a terrible situation, so it will be good if I can return to them. 
Ichika’s eyes lit up with excitement. “Thank you, Darling. You’re so good to me.” 
Her reaction stunned Solomon, causing him to pause his steps as waves of warmth spread through his every fiber, filling his heart. 
His smile deepened. 
That night, Solomon mentioned the trip to Jetroina in the Hayeses’ WhatsApp chat group.
Solomon: @Sabrina 
Sabrina: What is it? I’m burning the midnight oil in the company right now. What do you want? 
From the tone of her reply, one could sense that she was frustrated. 
However, she was not angry with Solomon. She was simply frustrated with her workload. 
Solomon: Nothing much. I’m just checking whether you’re busy. 
Sasha: Solomon, are you up to something? 
Still, Sasha understood Solomon better. When she saw his pointless messages, she immediately knew that he had something on his mind. 
Seeing Sasha’s message, Sabrina understood that Solomon had something important to say and began paying attention to him. 
She looked up tiredly from her table piled high with work and started typing furiously on her phone. 
Sabrina: Hayes Corporation is busy every day. You have been working here for years, so you should know, right? Stop dragging my feet, Solomon. What do you want? Please get to the point and stop keeping me in suspense. 
Devin: Darling, please be a little more gentle. 
Sabrina was rendered speechless. 
Ichika: Sab, please don’t be angry with Solomon. He wants to accompany me to visit my family after his discharge from the hospital. Is that okay?
Ichika suddenly appeared in the chat group. 
Huh? Visit her family? 
Sabrina’s eyes gleamed. 
Sabrina: Wait a minute! Are you going to the hot springs? It sounds like a good idea. Now that it’s the end of the year, it’s the right time to visit hot springs. Let us all go together! 
Suddenly, the conversation took a complete turn and became something else. 
Sasha: Yes, that’s a great idea. I want to go. I agree with this plan wholeheartedly! 
Sasha was so excited that she jumped in without thinking. 
As the chat group seemed lively, even the elders popped in to chat. 
Mr. Wand: This sounds like a good idea. If you are all going, I’m going too. 
Old Mr. Jadeson: Someone arrange this trip! 
Devin: Yes. Our holiday will start on the 20th of January. We have more than enough time. 
In a few minutes, the nature of the conversation changed so drastically that Solomon and Ichika looked at each other speechlessly. 
Solomon had planned to go to Jetroina to help Ichika resolve her family issues. 
Ichika wanted to go there for the same reason as well.
###Chapter 1412
Chapter 1412
Chapter 1412 He Was Caring 
“Darling, have you seen the messages?” Ichika asked. 
“Are you okay with them joining?” Solomon asked her back. 
He did not say anything in the chat group but turned to her calmly and asked for her opinion. 
Ichika was happy with that. 
It meant that he cared about her and valued her thoughts. 
“Of course. If Sab and the others want to go to the hot springs, the Minamoto family has access to Royal Hot Spring. Not many people get the chance to go there. The hot spring is natural and has a stunning view,” Ichika said. 
Silly girl. She even offered us her family treasure. 
Solomon’s eyes crinkled with a smile behind his glasses. He nodded in agreement and sent a message with his phone. 
Solomon: I’ve asked Ichika. She said if everyone is free, we can visit her family’s Royal Hot Spring. 
Sabrina replied with a few exclamation marks and did not say anything else. 
Sasha: Sab, are you okay? 
Devin: Darling, are you all right? 
Even Rufus sent a message to ask if Sabrina was okay.
Suddenly, Sabrina reappeared in the chat group and shared a lot of photos there. Since she was only gone for a few seconds, everyone wondered if she had secretly gathered these photos earlier. 
Sabrina: Everyone, look! I thought I won’t have the chance to see this hot spring in my lifetime. I feel so blessed. 
Sasha: Sab, you scared me just now. I thought something happened to you. 
Devin: Darling, I was worried too. In that case, let us visit this hot spring. Such an opportunity is hard to come by. 
Rufus: Yes, you’re right. It’s all thanks to Ichika that we can go there. 
Old Mr. Jadeson: What are we waiting for? Let’s arrange this trip quickly. How about ten days from now? @Devin, help me tell those old fellows that I will be busy in ten days. If they have any matter, they should come to see me in Oceanic Estate within these few days! 
As expected, Jonathan was efficient as usual. 
Ichika: Okay, everyone. I will talk to my parents about it. We shall set off in ten days. 
Ichika gave her confirmation and put the trip into motion. 
After putting down his phone, Solomon looked at Ichika again. He was relieved to see her holding her phone excitedly and rushing to call her mother. 
Solomon planned to use this trip to help Ichika reconcile with her family. 
He had lost his temper in the incident involving Himari. 
At that time, he did not care much about Ichika, so his methods had been cruel and had brought down her family.
Now, thinking about this, he felt responsible for what he had done. 
He watched as Ichika talked to her mother outside, and she seemed nervous initially. 
But after talking to her mother for a while, she began smiling again. By the time she finished the call and returned to Solomon, she returned to her cheerful self. “Darling, I’ve spoken to my mother. She is happy to hear that we will be visiting.” 
“That’s good.” Solomon smiled at her. 
Meanwhile, at Frontier Bay, Sasha ran to the study after receiving the good news. 
Sebastian was playing chess with Ian in the study. 
At this moment, Ian was still against going to the research institute. 
As Ian was still a child, the previous incident had traumatized him. When Sebastian mentioned returning to the research institute, Ian appeared reluctant. 
Thus, Sebastian did not mention it anymore. 
He had been spending time with Ian for the past two days and did whatever Ian wanted. He played chess, read books, and chatted with him about aerospace. 
At this moment, Sebastian and Ian were focused on their game when Sasha came to the study. She did not know if she should interrupt them. 
Unexpectedly, Sebastian noticed Sasha, so he informed Ian gently, “Mommy’s here.” 
Ian was busy considering his next move. When he heard Sebastian, he looked up from the chessboard and saw Sasha.
“Mommy…” Ian called out. 
“Good boy,” Sasha replied. 
Then she entered the study and sat cross-legged beside Ian and Sebastian. 
“Sebby, Ichika and Solomon have invited us to Jetroina to visit a hot spring. It’s called Royal Hot Spring, and usually, only the nobilities could go there. Sab said that it is beautiful,” Sasha said, and her eyes shone with excitement. 
Sebastian’s eyes twitched. 
A moment later, he looked at Ian, who was seated across from him. “Ian, do you want to go? I heard that Jetroina’s Emperor chose this hot spring and named it Royal Hot Spring because of its water quality. The water quality is due to the unusual magma beneath the hot spring. Some of the hot springs are even royal blue.” 
“Wow!” 
Ian was not the only one who widened his eyes in awe. 
Sasha also turned to Sebastian with a look of excitement. “Is that true, Sebby? It sounds magical.” 
“Of course. Otherwise, why is it called Imperial Spring?” Sebastian explained calmly to his clueless wife and child. 
Hearing that, Sasha became even more excited about the trip. 
###Chapter 1413
Chapter 1413
Chapter 1413 Suffer The Consequences 
As for Ian, he declared his stand. “Me too, Daddy. I want to go too.” 
Sebastian nodded in satisfaction. “All right, then. Let’s enjoy ourselves there first. After the New Year, you can then decide if you still want to go to the research institute or not. I won’t force you in any way.” 
“All right.” 
After feeling stressed over the last few days, Ian began to smile happily. 
After watching her son leave, Sasha stared blankly at Sebastian. 
“Are you letting him make his own decision?” 
“Mmm-hmm. It’s his affair after all.” 
“But…” 
Sasha hesitated. 
Based on her observation over the last few days, she believed Ian would decide not to go if it was up to him. 
Unexpectedly, Sebastian, who was previously worried, seemed confident after bringing up the matter about the hot spring. 
“Don’t worry. He will go.” 
With that, everyone decided on the itinerary. 
Meanwhile, in Jetroina, the Minamoto family wasn’t happy when they heard the news.
Giichi Minamoto, Ichika’s dad, remarked, “Ichika wants to bring Akiyama back? It’s one thing if she comes, but why does she want to bring him along? Does he think that we have forgiven him?” 
His expression darkened at the mere mention of his eldest daughter’s affairs. 
It appeared he knew that Solomon was the mastermind behind the scenes. 
When Aoi heard it, her face turned pale. 
This time, she had agreed to help Ichika persuade Giichi, as she didn’t want Ichika to feel sad. 
However, if her husband didn’t agree, she would be in a tight spot. 
“Giichi, all Mr. Akiyama did was to stand up for Ichika. He, too, couldn’t tolerate Himari’s behavior. Can you forgive him on Ichika’s account?” 
“Ichika?” 
The moment he heard her name, his anger intensified. 
“She is the one that caused all of this. Now that she is married, she enjoys a good life over there and has no more problems with each other. But now, why is she coming back? Is she here to witness how we’re humiliated?” 
“No, no.” 
Aoi didn’t know what else to say. 
Luckily, Ichika’s grandfather was present. When he saw his son and daughter-in-law arguing, he came over to calm them down.
“Enough. Since your son-in-law is coming over, we should still welcome him. Considering that his entire family is paying us a visit, you’d better not disgrace me.” 
After being admonished, Giichi had no choice but to agree. 
Soon, the news of Ichika planning to take the Hayes family to the hot spring spread to the Nogita family. When Himari heard about it, she was infuriated. 
“What’s the meaning of this? After doing this to me, how can they enjoy such a welcome? What is Dad even thinking?” 
She was so angry that she even criticized her father. 
However, it was understandable for her to feel that way. 
Ever since she was married into the Nogita family, she wasn’t allowed to return home with her husband, let alone be welcomed with such fanfare. 
After all, she was considered a disgrace to her family. 
But now, the Hayeses are going to enjoy the royal hot springs? 
Himari raged at the thought. 
“What are you angry about? If you’re upset, you should take me home with you. After all, I’m a son-in- law of the Minamoto family too. Why can’t I go?” 
“You? Are you even worthy?” Himari scowled the moment she heard his words. 
Itachi’s gaze darkened in response.
“I’ll be honest. You, Itachi Nogita, are nothing but an undeserving toad. If I hadn’t fallen into that man’s trap, you would never have had the chance to marry me.” 
“What did you say? Me? An undeserving toad?” 
“Isn’t that the case? Why don’t you look at yourself in the mirror and reflect on what you have achieved? Do you even think you’re worthy of me?” 
Portraying herself as a lady from a noble family, Himari pointed at her husband in a condescending and humiliating manner. 
Just as she spoke, Itachi pounced on her all of a sudden. 
“Ah! Itachi, what are you doing? Let go of me!” 
“Let go of you? Why should I release you when you’re my wife? Didn’t you accuse me of not being worthy? Fine, I’ll show you right now how worthy I can be!” 
The next moment, the enraged Itachi tore all of Himari’s clothes off and pinned her down below his body. 
“Argh!” 
A piercing shriek echoed through the dilapidated house. 
The screams continued from the afternoon until the sun had set. It wasn’t until Itachi was drained to the extent of not being able to move that he finally released her. With her body covered in bruises, he simply kicked her aside. 
Ichika! Ichika!
Hugging her torn clothes, Himari trembled violently by the side. Her eyes that were swollen from crying were now filled with an intensifying hatred. 
###Chapter 1414
Chapter 1414
Chapter 1414 The Affection In His Eyes 
Ten days’ time flew past in the blink of an eye. 
Bursting with joy, Ichika woke up early and hurried to see Grayson. 
“Dr. Wallen, can my husband be discharged today?” 
“Yes.” 
Looking at Ichika, Grayson had a soft spot for her too. 
With a wave of his pen, he wrote her a discharge sheet. 
“With this, he will be allowed to leave the hospital. However, you should spend more time with him going forward. His sickness is caused by the fact that he likes to keep all his problems to himself. Hence, you should talk to him more and encourage him to share his problems. That way, he will recover faster,” Grayson reminded as he had realized Ichika was the main reason Solomon’s condition was gradually improving. 
Perhaps she is the ray of light that will provide him with his salvation. 
After obediently agreeing to Grayson’s request, Ichika merrily left with the discharge sheet. 
“Darling, good news! You have been discharged.” 
The moment the door swung open, the entire ward was flooded by her overflowing joy. It felt like the spring after a freezing winter or a light that illuminated the darkness. 
Anyone bathed by the happiness she was radiating would equally be infected by it.
Solomon had already changed. When he saw her running into the ward in delight, a smile broke out on his face. 
“In that case, let’s head over to Jetroina. Have you contacted your parents?” 
“I have. I gave my mom a call the first thing I woke up. They will be waiting for us to join them for a meal at home.” 
Ichika was delighted to have heard the earlier response. 
When she called home in the morning, she could sense from her mother’s tone that they were being welcomed home. Furthermore, lunch was prepared for them. It indicated that her father and grandfather had no issues with the idea. 
With that, Ichika and Solomon began the journey to her home in high spirits. 
Meanwhile, in Avenport, the ones that were supposed to join her on the trip began to grow rambunctious. 
Sasha sent a message to the group chat: Sabrina, are you ready yet? Sebastian said that he wanted to arrange for a private plane to fly us there. Do you want to wait for Solomon? 
Sabrina replied: F*ck! 
Sabrina cursed in her reply. 
Devin had earlier promised that he could come over to Avenport the day before. However, he was delayed by something urgent in the army, causing everyone to be held back together. 
Given that he couldn’t make it, Jonathan and Jaena naturally couldn’t go too. 
Sabrina was upset that she was not able to fly in the private plane.
Sebastian texted: Tell them to wait at Oceanic Estate. We’ll pick them up from there. 
Sabrina replied: What? 
Devin responded: Really? You don’t have to do that. 
Rufus replied: We’re all family. It’s decided then. All thanks to Sebastian’s idea. 
Sasha texted: All right. We’ll leave first. 
Jonathan texted: Hehe… 
Jonathan beamed when he read the messages. 
With that, everyone set off on their journey enthusiastically. Since it was a holiday trip, Sasha brought Wendy along with them. After all, Wendy had served the Hayes family for many years. 
As for Rufus, he, too, brought Lance along. 
By the time they arrived in Jetroina, it was already evening. 
Sasha: “Sebby, should we give Solomon a call and see how they are doing?” 
“No. There are many of us, so it’s better that we take care of our own food and accommodation instead of troubling them.” 
After giving it some thought, Sebastian figured that it was better that way. 
Rufus also agreed with Sebastian’s suggestion. 
Consequently, their family booked two top floors in a five-star hotel in Terrandya.
Just when they planned to have dinner after checking in, Sebastian received a phone call. 
“Hello, have you guys arrived?” 
It was Solomon on the line. 
Evidently, he had recovered significantly. Moreover, he actually took the initiative to call the person whom he had once resented before. 
Sebastian was pleasantly surprised. 
However, he quickly regained his composure. “We have just arrived at the hotel. What is it?” 
Solomon replied, “We’re at the Minamoto residence. Do you want to join us for dinner? Ichika’s family would like to have you over when they heard you were coming, but it depends on whether you’re fine with it.” 
So, he is inviting us to have dinner at the Minamoto residence. 
Sebastian never liked to dine at someone else’s home. Firstly, it wasn’t in his character to exchange pleasantries with others. 
Secondly, he didn’t like to be restricted. No matter how well his hosts accommodated him, he would still be burdened by the need to be cordial. 
Furrowing his eyebrows, Sebastian recalled how enthusiastic the two ladies were on the plane. They seemed to look forward to having dinner at the Minamoto residence. 
“All right. I’ll bring them over in a while.” 
“Good. I’ll make the necessary arrangements.”
After ending the call, both men went about their schedule. 
Just as expected, everyone downstairs was ecstatic when Sebastian informed them of the plan. 
###Chapter 1415
Chapter 1415
Chapter 1415 Consumed By Jealousy 
Sabrina remarked, “My God! We really are going to have dinner at their home. To be honest, other than during the wedding, I have never experienced a traditional Jetroinian family feast before.” 
Sasha replied, “Me too.” 
Vivian added, “What are we waiting for? Mommy, do I need to change into a beautiful dress?” 
After some dilly-dallying, half an hour had passed by the time they left. 
Given that Lance had never been to such a place before, he nervously stuck to Sasha’s side when he heard that they were going to have dinner at a noble family’s residence. 
“Sha, what do I need to be mindful of over there?” 
“Don’t worry. Ichika is there, so you’ll be fine,” Sasha reassured her cousin. 
Only then did Lance begin to calm down. 
After more than forty minutes, they arrived at the Minamoto residence to be greeted by Ichika and Solomon. 
Furthermore, Solomon’s in-laws were also waiting at the door. 
At the end of the day, they were reasonable people. 
That evening, everyone had a blast at the dinner until Giichi’s other son-in-law arrived in the middle of it.
“Dad, aren’t you being too biased? I’m your son-in-law too. How could you just invite Mr. Akiyama to dinner and not me?” Itachi asked. 
Dressed in a suit, he had arrived at the Minamoto residence to be greeted by the sight of the ongoing banquet. 
As he crudely dragged Himari, who was dressed in a Jetroinian traditional outfit, into the hall, he walked up to Giichi and questioned him. 
At that moment, tension began to creep into the atmosphere. 
As for the smiling Ichika, her face turned pale as a sheet the moment she saw Himari. 
“Mr. Nogita, it’s not that we didn’t invite you. It’s just that Akiyama and his family visited at a moment’s notice.” 
Finally, Aoi tried to defuse the situation. 
However, Itachi pressed his advantage the moment he heard it. 
“All right, then. Mom, I came here on purpose to visit you today. Look at the presents I brought. Does it mean that I’m allowed to join you for dinner?” 
Just as he spoke, he handed over two bottles of sake. 
Aoi, Giichi, and everyone else were rendered speechless. 
The atmosphere of the banquet became extremely incendiary, as if a minor spark would be enough to cause an explosion. 
At the crucial moment, when Ichika caught a glimpse of Himari trembling with a pale expression, the person who was sitting beside her suddenly got to his feet.
“Darling?” 
“Don’t worry,” Solomon reassured her after standing up. 
After that, he calmly walked over. 
“Mr. Nogita, if you don’t mind, you can sit at our table. Coincidentally, there are two empty seats.” 
He pointed to where he had just gotten up from. 
Indeed, there were two empty seats. 
However, the two seats looked as if they were just extra seats prepared by the Minamoto family. 
Meanwhile, when Sasha turned her attention to the two seats, she suddenly heard the person sitting beside her sneer. 
She asked, “Sebby, what is it? Do you feel Solomon shouldn’t have invited him?” 
Sebastian replied, “Isn’t it obvious that he had prepared it for them?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was dumbfounded, as the thought never crossed her mind. 
Evidently, ordinary people like us will never know what goes on in the minds of such geniuses. 
Just as expected, Itachi happily moved to the seat. 
As for Himari, she had no choice but to follow him. Finally, despite her swearing not to look in her sister’s face again, she was forced to share a table with Ichika. 
“Himari, you… Why have you lost so much weight? You should be eating more.”
Ichika still cared a lot for Himari. The moment her sister took her seat, Ichika quickly served her food. 
However, Himari didn’t say a word throughout. Instead, she maintained a hateful stare at her sister. No matter how Ichika tried to please her, Himari would simply ignore it. 
Consequently, Ichika felt disheartened. 
“Don’t worry about it. You should continue eating. Didn’t your dad mention that he will take us to Ichigo River later? You have to fill your stomach, or else you won’t have the energy to go boat rowing later.” 
Solomon coldly called out to Ichika to bring her attention back. After that, he served her a bowl of soup. 
Only then did Ichika lower her head and drink it slowly. 
Compared to her sister, she was a much kinder person. 
Nevertheless, Himari continued to stare daggers at her, as if fury was raging within her. 
“Ichigo River? Are you going there later?” 
Just when she was drinking her soup, Ichika raised her gaze the moment she heard the question. She then asked with a hopeful tone, “Yes, Himari. Do you want to join us?” 
Unexpectedly, Himari lost control of herself and shrieked, “How could you take them to Ichigo River? It’s a river within the royal palace’s inner courtyard. Only members of the royal family are allowed to visit. Even if Dad were to go there, he would have to seek permission from the royal family first before he could enter. So what makes them qualified to go in there?” 
“I…” 
“Dad has arranged this. Why? Is there a problem?”
A male voice plainly rang out. 
At that very moment, tension descended upon the dinner table. 
###Chapter 1416
Chapter 1416
Chapter 1416 Animosity 
Himari’s expression drastically changed. 
When she shifted her attention to the person who spoke, she was enraged to see that it was Solomon. She then dug her fingernails into the table so hard that they almost began to bleed. 
She was filled with indescribable hatred for him, causing her to grimace in rage. 
After all, he was someone that she had spurned but ended up proving her wrong. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t dare protest further. From then on, she sat gloomily at the table until the feast had ended, not daring to do anything else hasty. 
At the end of the banquet, Ichika’s grandfather announced that they were taking their guests to Ichigo River, just as expected. 
Ichigo River? 
Sasha had never heard the name before. Hence, she turned to look at Sebastian. 
“Sebby, what’s that place? Are we going for a stroll?” 
“Mmm-hmm.”
Sebastian nodded as he helped Sasha put on her jacket. 
To him, it was just a lousy river. At most, they would just take a walk there. 
However, Sabrina’s eyes widened in disbelief when she heard about it. After all, she had done her research on the famous tourist spots of Jetroina before the trip. 
“My God! Ichigo River? Did I hear it wrong? Are we really going there?” 
Devin asked, “What is it? What’s so special about the place?” 
Jonathan and Rufus also turned to look at her, curious as to what she had to say. 
Finally, Sabrina explained, “That’s the river that the royals visit to have some fun. I heard that it is filled with rare and ancient lotus flowers. In fact, legend has it that some came from our country in the olden days. Also, the riverbed is littered with river oysters. Wherever one picks them up, one would easily find priceless blue pearls within them.” 
“Blue pearls?” 
Everyone was shocked to hear about it. 
Even Jonathan, who had seen many treasures within his lifetime, was intrigued. 
“It seems the Minamoto family is treating us as distinguished guests, considering they are taking us to such an exclusive place.” 
“Yes. It’s really great,” Rufus added. 
As for Sabrina, she was already overwhelmed by the excitement the moment she heard they were going there.
Half an hour later, when Ichika’s father led the entire group to the palace entrance, someone was already waiting there to welcome them. 
“Thanks for waiting for us here.” 
Even though Giichi was the head of a noble family, he still thanked the staff respectfully for their work. 
It was evident that the Minamoto family enjoyed the special status there. 
When the Hayes family realized the fact, they followed behind Giichi obediently. Soon, they arrived at a river that glistened beautifully underneath the moonlight. It looked so beautiful that one could be fooled to think it was paradise. 
Only then did everyone begin to loosen up. 
“Wow, Mommy! Look, there are so many lotus flowers!” 
Vivian was the first one to exclaim at the stunning sight. Running up to the river bank, she saw a massive swathe of lotus flowers on the surface of the gentle river. 
She was so excited that she clapped her hands in joy. 
Ian and Matteo were equally delighted as they followed Vivian from behind. Even the two-year-old Jaena couldn’t contain her excitement in her father’s arms. 
“Flo-wers… Flo-wers…” 
Considering she was still a toddler, she could barely enunciate properly. 
Nevertheless, she could recognize how pretty the flowers were. 
Not knowing whether to laugh or to cry, Devin carried her over.
More than ten minutes later, everyone boarded a yacht where a variety of pastries were served. 
Aoi had joined them on the trip. When she saw the food being brought out, she began to entertain her guests as the host. “Everyone, please give them a try. They are an assortment of our local delicacies. You can enjoy both the scenery and the pastries at the same time.” 
Ichika leaned over to Solomon and whispered, “Darling, these have been prepared by the palace chef. You have to try them, as you can’t get them anywhere else.” 
Solomon instantly froze. 
As he had drunk some wine earlier, his body was feeling warm. When Ichika’s breath suddenly blew in his ear, his breathing began to hasten. 
Then his entire body began to burn. 
“Hmm.” 
He quickly picked up a small piece of cake and stuffed it into his mouth. 
Soon, the yacht arrived at the center of the river. There, the children had discovered the secret of the large river oysters. 
After that, they began to prepare themselves with the equipment provided on the yacht after receiving permission to do so. 
“Mommy, I’ll catch one huge oyster and make you a beautiful pearl necklace.” 
“Okay.” 
“Mommy, me too. I’ll help you make a bottle of pearl powder so that you can use it during your facials.”
Matteo didn’t want to be left out. 
Only Ian began to harvest the oysters diligently as he put them into his bag. 
When Sabrina saw them, she stomped her feet at once. “Pearl powder? Facial? Do you know how rare blue pearls are? You’re just letting treasures go to waste!” 
###Chapter 1417
Chapter 1417
Chapter 1417 Attack 
The ambiance on the yacht was extremely lively. 
Behind them, there was another yacht, except that it was smaller and a lot less luxurious. 
On that small yacht were Himari and her husband. 
At that moment, Itachi was harvesting oysters just like a robber. If it wasn’t on the account of the Minamoto family, he would definitely have been chased out. 
“What are you doing? Don’t you think you’re disgracing yourself?” 
Himari was infuriated at how vulgar her husband was acting. 
However, Itachi was utterly unfazed. 
“What’s there to be ashamed about? Do you know how hard it is to come here? Do you think I’m here to have fun?” 
“You…” 
Himari’s face flushed red with anger.
However, there was nothing much she could do about it. All she could do was suffer the contemptuous gaze of the palace guards and pretend to look somewhere else. 
Coincidentally, she saw Solomon stretching his hand out of the yacht to help Ichika harvest the oysters with a bag in hand. 
“Darling, look at this one.” 
“I know.” 
Solomon beamed joyously. His affection for Ichika could be felt from a mile away. 
Crack! 
Suddenly, Himari clenched her fist so tightly that she cracked her knuckles. The jealousy she felt began to emanate from every fiber of her being. 
Finally, the hatred she held coalesced into murderous intent. 
Ichika, just you wait! 
Suddenly, Ichika had her bag entangled with a lotus root. 
She had noticed a huge oyster and was looking to harvest it. Hence, after receiving the tools from Solomon, she got it stuck instead of picking up the oyster. 
“Ah!” 
When she realized what was going on, her face turned sullen. 
Just when she wanted to ask Solomon for help, her father had invited him for a drink. Not wanting to disrupt the proceedings, she decided against it instead.
In the end, she tried giving it another tug but failed to pull up the bag. Instead, the recoil from the lotus roots pulled half her body out of the yacht instead. 
“Darling!” she yelled in the end. 
However, it was already too late. The next moment, the small yacht behind crashed into their yacht with a loud bang, causing her to be thrown into the water. 
“Mommy! Aunt Ichika has fallen into the river!” 
At the crucial moment, Vivian screamed aloud at the sight. 
The next moment, everyone, including Sasha, ran out when they heard the scream. When they saw what had happened, their expressions changed drastically. 
Just when Solomon prepared to jump in to rescue her, Himari sprang to her feet from the yacht behind them and dived into the water without any hesitation. 
That’s… 
Everyone was dumbstruck. 
It wasn’t until a few minutes later that Ichika was finally rescued. Everyone hurried forward and pulled them both up onto the yacht. 
“Himari, luckily, you saved Ichika today. You should quickly get changed before you catch a cold.” 
After she saw her elder daughter save Ichika, her tone softened significantly. 
However, Himari walked up to Ichika while still dripping wet and shook her pale face. “I’ll wait for her to regain consciousness first.”
Her expression and tone at that moment demonstrated how much she cared for her sister. 
Giichi also softened his attitude toward her. 
Due to the accident, the cruise came to an abrupt end. 
Solomon brought Ichika back to the Minamoto residence, while the Hayeses returned to their hotel. 
Sabrina remarked, “Himari doesn’t seem so bad after all. At the crucial moment, she even saved her sister.” 
Devin responded, “I guess so.” 
Both of them were not together with Ichika. Hence, they didn’t see what had exactly occurred before she fell into the water. 
Sebastian shot them a glance without stating his opinion. After that, he led the children to the top floor with Sasha following him from behind. 
“Sebby, don’t you think there’s something strange about the incident? There’s just something off about Himari,” Sasha said as they returned to the presidential suite. 
Sebastian sneered, “Despite Vivian being only ten, barely anything happened to her. Given that Ichika is an adult, how did she end up falling instead?” 
“My sentiments exactly,” Sasha affirmed with her eyebrows knitted. 
Unlike Sabrina and Devin, Sasha didn’t trust Himari just because she had seen her rescue Ichika. After all that she had been through, she knew it was done on purpose even though she wasn’t present at the scene.
Just as Sebastian had mentioned, her three children were harvesting river oysters uneventfully. Given that nothing untoward had happened to them, she wondered how Ichika could have been thrown into the river. 
Furthermore, it was such a suspicious coincidence for the small yacht to crash into them. 
###Chapter 1418
Chapter 1418
Chapter 1418 Insult To The Intelligence 
When she recalled how the Minamotos’ attitude toward their eldest daughter improved, she couldn’t help but begin to worry. 
“In that case, Sebby, should we tell Solomon about it? Given how much that woman likes to scheme, we don’t know what she has hidden in her sleeves this time?” 
“There’s no need for that. Do you think it isn’t obvious to him?” 
Sebastian nipped her idea in the bud. 
After all, Sebastian was cognizant that Solomon was a lot more intelligent than the ordinary person despite being inferior to him. 
Therefore, Sasha cast the matter to the back of her mind that night and enjoyed a good night’s sleep. 
The next day, since all of them were scheduled to visit the hot spring, they woke up extremely early. By the time Sasha and Sebastian came down with the kids from the top floor, everyone was packed and waiting for them downstairs. 
“Why are you guys so slow? Ichika has already called and told us that she’s waiting for us.” 
“Is that so? Let’s hurry then,” Sasha replied apologetically.
With that, all of them set off for the Minamoto residence. Just as expected, they saw Himari and her husband the moment they arrived. 
“It seems the purpose of her performance yesterday was so that she can visit the hot spring together with us today?” Sasha whispered to Sebastian who raised his eyebrows in response. 
He didn’t discount the possibility, as the hot spring was even more exclusive than the lousy river. Considering Himari’s reputation was in tatters, there was no way she could get in. 
Nevertheless, no one gave the matter too much thought. After getting into their transport, they headed toward the hot springs. 
As for Ichika, she invited Himari and Itachi to travel in their car after having been rescued by her sister the day before. 
“Himari, what would you like to have? I heard that you have the flu. I’m sorry to have caused you to catch a cold.” 
Throughout the journey, Ichika felt bad when she saw Himari pinching her nose. 
However, Solomon watched on without any emotion. It wasn’t until he saw Himari shamelessly receiving something from Ichika and pretending to be magnanimous that his eyes flashed with utter resentment. 
Himari remarked, “It’s all right. Isn’t saving you the right thing to do?” 
Hiding his contempt, he turned to look out the car window. 
At that moment, he suddenly thought about Akiko who had died in his hands.
Soon, everyone arrived at the hot spring. 
“Wow, this place is gorgeous! Mommy, look! There’s something sparkling in the hot spring.” 
“Let me see. Let me see.” 
The moment they arrived, the children rushed toward the hot springs. 
Even Lance followed behind his nephews excitedly. 
As for Sasha and the rest, they gradually caught up with them. 
“So, shall the men have one area while the ladies have their own?” 
Since Ichika’s parents didn’t join them at the hot spring, Solomon began to make the arrangements, considering he was half a host. 
“No problem. Come on, Sasha. Let’s go to the one by the lake which has a higher temperature, as it’s more suited for ladies. The men will use the ones beneath the maple trees.” 
The moment she heard Solomon’s arrangements, Sabrina began to make her own plans to which Sasha had no ions. 
Hence, the women, together with Himari, headed to where the lake was. 
Ding Dong! 
When they arrived by the hot spring, Sasha’s phone received a message just before she entered the water in her swimsuit. 
Solomon texted her: Sasha, help me keep an eye on Himari.
Just as expected, Solomon was suspicious of her intentions too. 
Sasha eagerly acknowledged his instructions. 
Himari asked, “Mrs. Hayes, what are you doing? Why aren’t you coming down? Don’t stay exposed to the air too long in your swimsuit, or you’ll catch a cold.” 
“All right.” 
Sasha nodded with a smile. 
After that, she put down her phone and joined the other ladies in the hot spring. 
The instant she stepped in, she felt extremely comfortable. When the water that smelled of minerals enveloped her body, it felt so soothing that her hair would stand on end. 
What a wonderful feeling! 
Leaning back against a boulder, Sasha closed her eyes and reveled in the sensation. 
“Mrs. Hayes, how does it feel? Do you like it?” 
Himari’s voice rang out as she swam over to Sasha’s side and settled down on the same boulder as her. 
Sasha opened her eyes and glanced at Himari. “Yes. It feels good indeed. Hey, where’s Vivi and her aunt?” 
“Oh, both of them went to the hot spring further down. Considering there are many pools around, they mentioned they wanted to check them out,” Himari explained.
Then she added, “However, this particular pool is the best among all. I heard that you have just fully recovered. Thus, the water here, which is rich in minerals, should be beneficial to you.” 
“Is that so?” 
Sasha smiled in response. 
At that moment, she suddenly felt a chill rising up from the bottom of her feet. 
“Mrs. Hayes?” 
“I’m fine. In that case, I’ll continue to soak in the water here. Ms. Minamoto, if you want to go elsewhere, please go on ahead and don’t mind me,” Sasha replied warmly while maintaining her smile. 
Just as expected, Himari’s face lit up in response. 
In a short while, she left the pool Sasha was in for another one. There, she called out to Ichika, who was holding a bath towel, to follow her. 
This tactic of hers couldn’t be more obvious. 
Sasha pulled out a sharp silver needle from her hair and pierced her feet with it. 
Instantly, the numbness in her feet was gone, allowing her to exit the pool and follow them.
###Chapter 1419
Chapter 1419
Chapter 1419 Plotting Against Sasha 
“Himari, where are you taking me?” Ichika asked as she followed Himari out. 
Considering how innocent Ichika was, she wasn’t suspicious of her sister at all. 
Himari shot her a glance with an indifferent expression. 
“Have you forgotten that there’s a pool that is particularly great for our skin called Rejuvenation Spring here? Previously, the royal family had sealed it off for their own private use. But now, why don’t we see if it’s open to us? If it is, you can invite Sasha to join us. Doesn’t she need it more due to her condition?” 
Himari mentioned Sasha all of a sudden. 
Evidently, Ichika didn’t think much of it. She was already elated the moment she heard they were looking for Rejuvenation Spring. 
“All right. Let’s hurry, then. Honestly, it will be good for Sasha.” 
With that, both of them headed to that particular hot spring. 
Due to a stroke of luck, the door wasn’t locked when they arrived. Instead, they found it partially closed. At that moment, steam from the pool inside emitted through the gap of the door. The misty surroundings made the place feel as if it was paradise.
“Himari, it isn’t locked!” 
The realization filled Ichika with excitement. 
Looking as if she was equally thrilled, Himari nodded at Ichika before both of them stepped in. 
“Shall we check how good the water is and see if there’s anyone inside?” 
“Sure. Let’s do that,” Ichika agreed obediently. 
Hence, the two sisters entered together. 
Rejuvenation Spring was indeed a favorite of the royal family. Since it was closest to the mouth of the volcano, it was naturally enriched with minerals. 
Consequently, it was extremely beneficial for the ladies, which was the reason why it wasn’t open to outsiders. 
But on that day, both of them didn’t find anyone there at the beautiful and secluded pool. 
Furthermore, they noticed that the spring was blocked by curtains that had been erected. Therefore, no one outside could see what was going on in the pool. 
“I heard that those who bathe in this pool do not wear anything so that they can maximize the benefits of soaking in it.” 
“Really?” 
Ichika blushed in response to the suggestion.
Doesn’t that mean we’ll enter the pool in our birthday suits? 
Himari added, “Yes. That’s why they have a curtain here. It’s the same reason why the guys can’t join us. Anyway, why don’t you wait here while I get Sasha.” 
“All right, then. In that case, I’ll look for someplace private,” Ichika agreed to the suggestion. 
With that, the sisters went their separate ways. Himari went to look for Sasha, while Ichika headed for the pool where the curtains were the thickest. 
“What a fragrant smell.” 
She suddenly caught a whiff of an enticing scent. 
Unable to resist, she dipped her legs into the water. Before she knew it, she had already soaked herself inside the pool which was covered with pink flower petals. 
Meanwhile, Himari had arrived at the exit. 
However, instead of going to look for Sasha, she locked the door from outside. With an insidious look in her eyes, she quickly left the place. 
At the same time, Sasha appeared from behind a boulder after watching how the events unfolded. 
Rejuvenation Spring? What is that vile woman up to? 
Walking up to the door, she looked at the lock which had its key removed. After pondering for a moment, she pulled out the silver needle from her hair and began picking the lock. 
Click! 
The lock was opened.
Sasha opened the door and entered at once. 
Considering that the two sisters entered together, but only one of them came out and even locked the door, Sasha was filled with a sense of dread. 
She continued forward. 
Just as she walked, she suddenly saw an unexpected but extremely familiar figure. 
“Lennie? Why are you here?” Sasha asked. 
She was shocked to run into her cousin who was wrapped in only a towel and was suspiciously blushing. 
Feeling dazed, Lance looked up when he heard the familiar voice. 
“Sha? I… I came over after receiving Himari’s message. She told me about a wonderful hot spring here and said that she had invited Devin and the guys to come. However, after coming in here for a while, I didn’t see anyone else.” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s expression darkened. 
So, it was Himari who had instructed him to come. It looks like that b*tch has gotten my cousin involved in her scheme. What is she planning? 
“Lennie, you…” 
“Sha, I’m really thirsty, and my head hurts. Also, my body feels very warm. I… I feel like…”
Suddenly, Lance’s bloodshot gaze fell upon Sasha. 
Tightening the towel wrapped around herself, Sasha fumed, “What in the world are you thinking about? Go douse yourself with cold water at the tap right now!” 
She pointed furiously at the washroom nearby. 
Having not lost all sense of rationality, Lance quickly got a hold of himself. 
After that, he hurried to the washroom with his face flushing red. 
A few minutes later, he finally came out wrapped tightly in a huge towel. Walking up to Sasha, he looked as if he was a kid that had committed a grave mistake.
###Chapter 1420
Chapter 1420
Chapter 1420 As Luck Would Have It 
“Sha…” 
“It’s all right. You have just fallen into a trap set up by Himari. Did you see Ichika while you’re inside?” 
“No, is she in here too?” 
Lance was taken aback. 
At that moment, the last trace of gentleness on Sasha’s face was replaced by a long-lost murderous intent. 
She had assumed that Himari was just causing some harmless trouble. 
However, she didn’t expect Himari’s plot to even get her involved. 
Fine. Let’s see who is better at this game! 
With that, Sasha led Lance out. 
While both of them waited at a nearby rest area, they soon saw Himari leading Solomon, who was dressed in a white bathrobe, over.
“My sister is inside. This place is reserved for the royal family and not open to outsiders. On the account of you having just been discharged, Ichika had gotten my dad to seek permission from the royals on your behalf. Anyway, you should go right in,” Ichika said in a sycophantic manner. 
In fact, she even put on a polite and gentle expression which she had never done so before. 
Solomon squinted his eyes in response. 
Even though he didn’t believe in Himari’s lies, he didn’t feel it was a big deal for him to enter the hot spring. 
Solomon proceeded to open the door and stepped in. 
The moment he entered, Sasha and Lance saw the vicious Himari take out a bottle of perfume. 
She then took the perfume upstream and poured it into the spring. The next moment, they could even smell the intense fragrance from the perfume despite watching from a distance away. 
“That’s it, Sha! When I entered just now, I saw the place covered in a mist, just like that.” 
The moment she heard his comment, Sasha had an epiphany. 
Closing her eyes, she quietly took a deep breath. 
The next moment, she was well aware of what exactly was going on. 
“That is a special herb. When it’s combined with the mineral-rich conditions of the hot spring, it’s mainly used as an aphrodisiac.” 
“A-Aphrodisiac?” 
Lance blushed the moment he heard it. After all, he hadn’t even had a girlfriend before.
When he finally got a grasp of the entire situation, he was outraged. 
“In that case, Himari was trying to sabotage me and her sister? How can she be so vile? Not only did she drug her own sister, she even got Solomon to come over. What lunacy is this?” 
“Or else she wouldn’t be who she is.” 
Sasha wasn’t surprised at all. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t get to her feet. Instead, after watching Himari pour the aphrodisiac into the spring, Sasha poured herself a cup of tea and began sipping it leisurely. 
Lance asked, “Sha, aren’t we going to stop them? Himari has spiked the pool again.” 
Sasha retorted, “Why should we? They’re husband and wife. Even if something happens between them after being drugged, it’s no big deal, isn’t it?” 
Lance responded, “Erm…” 
The innocent Lance began to blush again. 
That makes sense. 
“In that case, what should we do?” 
“Do you see the cleaner over there?” 
Suddenly, Sasha lifted her gaze and pointed to a middle-aged man who was sweeping the leaves within the hot spring area. 
Lance was puzzled. “Yes, what about him?”
“Get him to come over. Tell him that I need his help.” 
Sipping her cup of tea, Sasha looked like a wolf in sheep’s clothing when she gave her instructions. In fact, she even sent a chill down Lance’s spine. 
Sha is really frightening. 
A few minutes later, Sasha left with the cleaner. Meanwhile, back inside Rejuvenation Spring, Solomon finally found who he was looking for in the misty surroundings. By then, he was already breathing rapidly. 
“Mmm.” 
Suddenly, a seductive moan rang out from behind the curtain, causing his throat to tighten by reflex. 
He could feel himself losing control of the burning desire from within. 
“Ichika?” 
“Hmm?” A soft voice could be heard. 
Solomon entered at once. 
The moment he did, he was struck by the sight that greeted him. Widening his eyes, he stared at the lady inside the spring and froze. 
She wasn’t wearing anything at all. 
Sitting in the pool surrounded by petals, she looked like an alluring yet languid vixen. With the steamy mist enveloping her blushing red cheeks, she looked at him lustfully.
Underneath the flower petals, he could already feel her little hands fondling his body. 
Solomon was about to lose his mind. 
As his gaze darkened, he could feel his blood rushing into his head. The next moment, he snapped with a raspy voice, “What are you doing? Put on your clothes and come out.” 
“Darling…” 
However, Ichika disobeyed him this time. 
After calling out to him again, she suddenly stood up from the hot spring. 
Splash! 
In the next instant, Solomon’s eyes opened wide. 
###Chapter 1421
Chapter 1421
Chapter 1421 I Do What I Want 
Staring blankly at Ichika who stood up from the water in all her naked glory, Solomon couldn’t control where his eyes were looking. 
Instinctively, his gaze shifted to where it shouldn’t. 
Suddenly, the entire hot spring seemed to fall silent. All he could feel was the rush of his blood and the raging desire from within him. 
After that, Solomon couldn’t remember what happened. 
By the time he regained his senses, Ichika was sprawled on top of him. She was hugging him so tightly that he could barely move her. 
The next moment, she began to force her luscious lips on his. 
Solomon froze before passion consumed both of them. 
Meanwhile, outside Rejuvenation Spring, Sasha had brought the cleaner to a different area. 
“All right. Please clean this place up, as we will come over here later.” With that, she took off her jeweled earrings and handed them to the cleaner. 
Since her clothes and bag were left outside, she had no choice but to use what she had on her. 
The cleaner’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
After Sasha and Lance had left, he started cleaning the place diligently. 
As for Sasha, she began walking around the hot springs before picking up an unnamed herb and some minerals. After that, she mixed it into the source of the springs. 
After more than ten minutes, Himari, who was still waiting anxiously for the news outside Rejuvenation Spring, saw a beautiful lady with a vibrant smile approach her. 
“Ms. Minamoto, I finally found you. Come, I found a wonderful pool. Let’s go soak in it together.” 
“But…” 
Himari wanted to decline. 
However, her attempt was futile, as Sasha had dragged her to the earlier hot spring and pushed her in. 
“Mrs. Hayes, where are you going?” 
“Oh, I’m going to get my sister-in-law and my daughter. You should head in first, and I’ll be right back.” 
Sasha beamed from the outside. 
Having no other choice, Himari entered alone. 
Finally, she noticed a heavy mist surrounding the pool. In fact, the mist was even more intense than the one she created. The moment she stepped in, she felt her knees buckle. 
“What’s going on? Mrs. Hayes… Mrs. Hayes?”
Stumbling around, she turned and wanted to leave. 
However, she realized that the door had been closed and locked from the outside, repeating what had happened at Rejuvenation Spring. 
“That b*tch!” 
When she finally realized she was tricked, she banged on the door furiously as rage began to overwhelm her. 
“Open the door, Sasha! Open the door! What are you trying to do? Do you know that you’re in the Minamoto family’s territory? Do you have a death wish?” 
Hehe! How dare she ask if I have a death wish? 
By then, Sasha was already enjoying herself in an open-air hot spring. When she heard the faint voice, she picked up her phone and made a call. 
“Hello?” 
“Mr. Nogita, I’m sorry, but I just saw your wife entering a hot spring with an unknown man. Considering we’re related, I feel obliged to inform you.” 
“Is that true?” 
Itachi was outraged when he received the call. 
Evidently, of all the people to mess with, one should never mess with the Hayeses. Regardless of their men or women, all of them were extremely terrifying. After all, anyone who survived the catastrophe they had been through should never be trifled with.
Soaking in the hot spring, Sasha leisurely enjoyed the show that unfolded before her. 
Nevertheless, there was still something which she was dissatisfied about. She found Himari’s screams too loud, as if she was a squealing pig waiting to be slaughtered. In fact, it was so noisy that she felt bothered by it. 
At the same time, she wondered how things were progressing back at Rejuvenation Spring. 
Obviously, she would not be able to hear the water splash no matter how loud the sound could be. 
When Itachi arrived at the scene fuming, the action inside the hot spring was still going on. Hence, he kicked the door open and was greeted by the sight of his wife whose hair was disheveled. She was being humped upon by a fat middle-aged man beside the hot spring. 
“What are you doing? Stop being a bad example.” 
Out of nowhere, Sebastian appeared beside Sasha. 
His expression turned grim the moment he saw the disgusting scene. He then quickly covered Sasha’s eyes with his hand. 
We have just been separated briefly, and she has already gotten her hands dirty. It’s one thing setting a trap, but why does she need to personally appreciate her work? 
“Erm…” 
After being criticized, Sasha blushed and turned away. She then buried her head into Sebastian’s chest. 
###Chapter 1422
Chapter 1422
Chapter 1422 The Intimidating Woman 
By the time everything settled down, it was already one hour later. 
Himari, who could barely stand, was dragged out by her husband in front of everyone. 
Obviously, it was humiliating for her. Everyone had seen how she had disgraced herself. Considering she was the eldest daughter of the Minamoto family, she felt like killing herself at that moment. 
As for the Hayeses, they sat and watch until two other figures arrived. 
“Oh? Aunt Ichika and Uncle Solomon are out. Aunt Ichika, why is your face flushing red?” 
When Vivian saw both of them, she hurried over innocently. 
Stumped, Ichika looked up to see everyone sitting in front of her. After experiencing a life-changing event, she couldn’t help but blush scarlet. The redness on her face intensified further. 
As for Solomon, he just stood there awkwardly while Vivian was rendered speechless by their reaction. 
Instead, it was Sasha who waved at them frantically the moment she saw them. 
“Solomon, Ichika, come over here quickly. Something has happened. You have to help resolve it.”
What happened? 
The naive Ichika ran over the moment she heard Sasha. 
When she arrived, she saw her sister sitting on the ground looking disheveled. Beside her was Itachi who wasn’t invited. At that moment, he was glaring at her angrily. 
“What’s going on? Himari, Itachi, what happened?” 
“It’s all your fault, Ichika! You are the reason why all this is happening to me!” Himari screamed hysterically all of a sudden. 
Looking up from the ground, she stared daggers at Ichika, as if she was going to tear her apart and grind her into mincemeat. 
Ichika was stunned. 
At that exact moment, one of the ladies stepped forward. When she saw how unrepentant Himari was, she raised her feet and stomped it at Himari’s face. 
“Argh!” 
“Don’t you know any shame? How can you still blame others? I guess you deserve a beating before you learn your lesson!” 
The lady was none other than Sabrina. 
As for Devin, his eyes twitched at the sight. 
Just like the other men, all they did was watch and not interfere.
When Himari collapsed onto the ground vomiting blood, Ichika, in spite of her naivety, finally noticed that something was amiss. 
That’s right. I was feeling out of sorts at Rejuvenation Spring. That was why I shamelessly threw myself at Solomon just now. Luckily, it turned out to be him. It would have been a disaster if it were someone else. 
All of a sudden, she had figured it out. 
Widening her eyes, she questioned, “What did you do?” 
“Hehe… What did I do? Ichika, why would I need to tell you that?” 
When Himari saw that it was Ichika, she began to behave in an arrogant manner despite being on the ground. 
Is she taking advantage of Ichika’s good nature? 
Infuriated by what she saw, Sabrina wanted to raise her hand at Himari again. 
However, to everyone’s shock, it was the innocuous Ichika who reached out and grabbed Himari by the throat. 
“Are you going to tell me or not?” 
Every word of hers was as sharp as a razor blade, causing a deafening silence to descend upon the scene. 
Everyone gaped at what had just happened. Even the usually calm Sebastian was slightly taken by surprise.
It’s a surprise to see she’s no pushover at all. 
However, that was just the beginning. When Himari didn’t comply, Ichika’s pupils constricted as she stomped on her sister’s knee. 
Crack! 
“Argh!” 
The moment her knee fractured, Himari let out an agonizing cry. 
By then, even Devin was jolted by what just happened. 
As a soldier, he knew that breaking someone’s knee with just a kick wasn’t an easy attack to master. 
“If you don’t want to confess, fine. I can pretend that it didn’t happen. However, from now on, I won’t allow you to show your face in front of everyone as a Minamoto because you are not worthy!” Ichika declared with her eyes filled with rage. 
In a blink of an eye, Himari’s other leg and her arms were broken by Ichika’s vicious attacks. Everyone present was dumbfounded by Ichika’s ruthlessness. 
In fact, they even felt a chill down their spine. 
That was the most frightening scene they encountered after their previous calamity. 
Everyone had now seen for themselves that hidden beneath the innocent and demure exterior of hers was a fearsome and ruthless character. 
“Evidently, Giichi has a good eye.” 
“Huh? Why?”
Still shaken by what they saw, the crowd turned to Sebastian after hearing his comment. 
###Chapter 1423
Chapter 1423
Chapter 1423 What A Fearsome Girl 
Sasha was one of them. 
Does he know something we don’t? 
Contrary to their expectations, Sebastian explained, “Isn’t it obvious? Only the one who is trained by the warriors of the royal family possesses such skills.” 
“The warriors of the royal family? Doesn’t that mean Ichika is the chosen heir of the Minamoto family? My God! How could I have been so blind as to not realize her distinguished position!” 
Being a knowledgeable person, Rufus widened his eyes when he heard Sebastian’s words. 
It went without saying that everyone else was equally shocked. 
No one had expected a clueless girl like Ichika, who never had an agenda, to be the heir to a noble family. 
It was simply unbelievable to them. 
The Hayeses aside, the paralyzed Himari couldn’t accept the fact too. 
“What… What gives you the right to represent the Minamoto family? H-How are you qualified to punish me?” 
“Simply based on the fact that I’m the future head of the Minamoto family. Himari, all this while, I’m aware that you are unsatisfied with Dad’s decision to choose me as the heir. However, when I married Mr. Akiyama, I gave up the position and convinced Dad to choose you as my replacement. But in the end, what did you do? Hmm?” Ichika tore into Himari as she pointed her finger angrily at her. 
Himari was stunned. 
S-She gave up her title as heir? No, that’s impossible. How could she be so stupid as to give such a noble position up? No, she must be lying to me. 
Himari refused to believe her. “You’re lying!” 
“Why would I lie to you? Ever since I was young, my goal was for our family to be happy. Instead, you wreaked havoc upon the family for the sake of the title. So what if I gave up my position to you? Himari, a capable person doesn’t prove themselves by their position. As long as we have a sense of duty and honor, our family would still be proud of us. Just look at our grandma, Judith. Even though she has left the country and started another family, the entire Minamoto family still respects and admires her greatly.” 
Ichika’s final sentence was so inspirational that Sasha couldn’t help but feel humbled by it. 
She suddenly realized that the one who carried Judith’s legacy was Ichika and not her. It was obvious she wasn’t worthy of doing so yet. 
At that moment, Ichika exuded an air of authoritativeness.
Everyone couldn’t help but feel in awe of her. As for Himari, her spirit was finally broken as she collapsed onto the ground with her face pale as a sheet. 
She was no longer able to get up. 
And that was how things were. 
Evidently, Sebastian was right. Between Giichi’s two daughters, it made sense for him to choose Ichika as the heir. 
Whether one was suited for the position or not was obvious from their character. 
In the end, Himari was dragged away from the scene. As for Ichika, after watching her sister being taken away, she shot a glance at the defiant Itachi. Biting her lip, Ichika turned toward Solomon and ran up to him. 
“Darling… Can I borrow some money? I would like to get rid of him.” 
In a split second, her usual clueless self returned. In fact, she looked like a cowardly rabbit. 
Everyone was flabbergasted by the sudden change. 
As for Solomon, his lips twitched for a moment before he took his phone out of his bathrobe. 
“There’s no need to borrow. Is five million enough?” 
“Yes, it is!” 
Ichika’s eye sparkled brightly.
Just a while ago, she looked terrifying when she was teaching Himari a lesson. But when she raised her gaze again, she looked no different than a harmless kitten. 
With the phone in hand, she hurried back to Itachi. 
“This is five million. With regards to what happened today, pretend that it never did. From now on, my sister will never return to the Nogita family. You are free to do whatever you please as long as you don’t commit anything that incriminates yourself, or else…” 
A cold glint flashed across her eyes, which sent a chill down Itachi’s spine. 
After receiving the money, he left without any protest. 
The crowd was speechless. 
Before they regained their senses, Ichika carefully approached them. Lifting her eyes, she swept her gaze across everyone present. 
Before she even said anything, everyone had the sinking feeling that there was no room to to whatever she was going to say. 
This is really frightening! 
Fortunately, Ichika only requested everyone to not tell her parents about what had happened. Also, she hoped that they would deal with the aftermath so that the Minamoto family’s reputation would not be sullied any further. 
Given that it wasn’t a problem at all, everyone nodded in agreement. 
With that, she left with Solomon, while everyone else dispersed at the same time. 
Jonathan remarked, “This girl is really extraordinary. She exudes the same aura as her grandma did.”
###Chapter 1424
Chapter 1424
Chapter 1424 Acting Rashly 
Rufus concurred, “You’re right.” 
He, too, agreed with Jonathan’s assessment. 
Following behind them, Sasha couldn’t help but have mixed feelings. 
Sensing her ambivalence, Sebastian asked, “What’s wrong? Are you upset that they are comparing her to your grandma?” 
Sasha blushed at once. 
She wasn’t unhappy about it. She just felt that it was a shame that she wasn’t as capable as they were. 
“Everyone has their own strengths. You won’t have what she has, while she doesn’t have what you do. Therefore, comparisons are pointless. In my heart, you are already the best.” 
Hearing his sweet words, Sasha couldn’t help but blush. 
“Really?” 
Sasha lowered her head to avert her gaze from Sebastian, her ears reddening.
After all, it was rare for him to whisper sweet nothings to her. 
Given his proud and egoistic character, he would prove his love to her through his actions. Therefore, he had barely spoilt her with sweet talk ever since they met. 
Sasha suddenly noticed that Sebastian, who was carrying Vivian on his back, had stopped in his tracks abruptly. 
“Hmm?” 
Not paying attention, she almost walked right into him. 
However, just before she regained her senses, Sebastian turned around. Looking down at her with his dark obsidian eyes, he burst into hearty laughter. 
“That’s right. Look, who else is as foolish as you are?” 
“You…” 
Sasha flew into a rage. 
However, she broke into a smile in the end when her heart was melted by his affectionate gaze. 
That night, everyone stayed in a hotel in the vicinity of the hot springs. 
As there were three couples within the group, Aoi had booked five rooms. Each of the couples would have one room to themselves, while Jonathan would share one with the two boys. As for the last room, it would be occupied by Rufus and Lance. 
With regards to Vivian, she would naturally sleep with Sasha in her room. After all, it was a double room.
Meanwhile, when Ichika and Solomon arrived in their room, both of them behaved awkwardly. No one knew how embarrassed they felt when they regained their senses at the hot spring. 
“D-Darling, why don’t you sleep on the bed? I’ll take the couch,” Ichika anxiously suggested after sensing Solomon’s awkwardness. 
She had hoped to defuse the tension in the air. 
Just as expected, Solomon didn’t respond to what she said. 
Nevertheless, he was visibly more relaxed than before. 
However, Ichika couldn’t help but feel disappointed. Even though she was the one who suggested it, she still wished for him to . After all, they had already made love to each other. 
Unfortunately, he didn’t say anything about it. 
It wasn’t until she grabbed her towel and headed for the bathroom that she noticed there wasn’t any movement outside. 
Is he not mentally prepared? After all, he has just recovered, and Dr. Wallen has instructed him to take it slow. 
With that thought in mind, Ichika wasn’t as upset as before. 
However, the moment she turned on the shower and bathed under the flowing water, she let out a scream. 
When Solomon, who was in the room outside, heard the sound, he turned to look in the direction of the bathroom. “What’s going on?”
However, the bathroom seemed to have fallen silent after the sound of the shower had stopped. After a long while, there didn’t seem to be any movement. 
Solomon was stumped. 
After hesitating briefly, he decided to check it out. 
“Ichika? What happened? Why did you stop showering? Are you all right?” 
“Darling, it hurts.” 
Finally, Ichika said something. However, her soft and pitiful tone made his heart ache. 
Hurts? 
Solomon’s expression drastically changed. 
Without any hesitation, he opened the bathroom door and hurried inside. 
The moment he entered, he was greeted by a sensuous figure standing inside. Staring at her flawless skin and alluring curves, he was mesmerized by what he saw. 
“Ichika, you…” 
He turned his head away at once, thinking that she was going to react the same way as she did in the hot spring. 
However, right after he spoke, he heard the glass door slam shut. Ichika locked herself inside and began to cry in frustration. 
“Darling, I… I didn’t do it on purpose. It really hurts… It’s also broken…”
A few minutes later, Solomon finally covered Ichika with a towel and carried her out to the bathroom countertop. After struggling with himself for a long time, he bent down in front of her and awkwardly looked at where she complained the pain was coming from. 
It looks serious indeed. 
Back at the hot spring, he was utterly consumed by the heavy mist. Consequently, he unleashed all the lust he had upon her. 
How long did I torment her for? 
He could no longer remember. By the time he regained his senses, he had pinned her against a boulder. Her face was covered in tears while she was on the brink of losing her consciousness. 
This is all my fault. 
Solomon reprimanded himself before standing up. “In that case, you should wait here. I’ll get some medication for you.” 
When Ichika lifted her face, her cheeks were flushing red. 
###Chapter 1425
Chapter 1425
Chapter 1425 He Is Mine 
“Where are you going to get it? We’re in the hills where there are no pharmacies. Don’t tell me you’re going to see Sha?” 
When the thought suddenly crossed her mind, she was so shaken that her body began to tremble. 
Solomon frowned in response. 
“What are you thinking about? All right. Put on some thick clothes first, or you’ll catch a cold.” 
After grabbing her jacket and putting it on for her, he went out in search of medicine. 
Ichika was speechless. 
Tilting her head, she suddenly whipped up her phone and chatted up a good friend of hers. 
Ichika texted Hiromi: Hiromi, it’s me, Ichika. I have a question for you. 
Hiromi replied: Hi, Ichika. It’s been awhile. Sure. Go ahead. 
Evidently, pleasantries were important to Jetroinians no matter how close their relationships were. 
After hesitating for a while, Ichika gathered her courage and asked her question.
Ichika texted: Erm… Let me ask you. Is it terrible if a man doesn’t have experience? 
Hiromi responded: What? Ichika, you… 
Ichika added: I’m just asking. It’s a hypothetical question. 
Hiromi replied: Oh, all right. You have given me a fright. It’s actually normal. A guy who is inexperienced will usually cause his partner pain. It was the same the first time I did it with my boyfriend. After that, it hurt for a few days when I walked. 
Ichika replied: I see… 
Although she was blushing intensely, she covered her mouth and burst into laughter after seeing her friend’s reply. 
She was feeling intense pain while her nether regions seemed to be hurt. Her conclusion was that Solomon was someone inexperienced. 
He’s inexperienced… 
Elated by the thought, the pain she felt seemed to fade away. 
Ten minutes later, Solomon finally returned. He had brought with him some anti-inflammatory medication, antiseptic, and cotton swabs. 
“Ichika, I’m back with the medication.” 
“All right. Good.” 
After secretly relishing in her delight, Ichika quickly collected herself so that Solomon wouldn’t notice. 
He entered the bathroom again and found it hard to breathe upon seeing the sight before him.
The moment he stepped in, he saw Ichika sitting on the bathroom countertop. As the heater was on, she was wearing the bathrobe loosely, so he could see the hickeys on her fair skin underneath the bathrobe. 
The hickeys… 
His already darkened gaze intensified further. 
The sight of how alluring she looked and her legs swinging off the floor fanned the flames of desire within him. 
“Does it still hurt?” 
“Huh? Ah… Yes, it does.” 
Ichika stopped swinging her legs abruptly. 
Speechless, Solomon bent down in front of her and explained with a raspy voice, “This is an antiseptic, so it will hurt a little. You’ll have to bear with it.” 
After that, Solomon slid the cotton swab in. 
Suddenly, she grabbed his hand to stop him, for she was fearful of pain. 
“Darling, does it hurt a lot?” 
“A little.” Solomon had no choice but to stop and reassure her. 
However, Ichika still wasn’t willing to let go. Maintaining her posture in front of him, she hesitated for a long while before murmuring, “In that case, I think I don’t need it.” 
Solomon furrowed his eyebrows.
“Why? You’re hurt. Isn’t it painful already?” 
Solomon was clueless when it came to such matters. After all, he wasn’t a girl and didn’t understand how their minds work. 
It wasn’t until he realized how adamant Ichika’s refusal was that he finally relented. By then, her shy expression had turned into one that was pale with panic. 
“Close your eyes.” 
“What?” 
Ichika widened her eyes instead. 
The next moment, she felt a masculine hand reach over and sweep her eyes close. After that, Solomon dipped his finger into the antiseptic before inserting it into her. 
“Ahh…” Ichika groaned. She felt a stinging pain from the antiseptic the moment it came into contact with her private part. 
Meanwhile, Solomon was jolted the moment his finger felt the tenderness in her. 
It caused his body to freeze awkwardly. 
Obviously, he remembered the raunchy rendezvous in the hot spring. 
As a man, it was impossible for him to forget the taste of the forbidden fruit once he had tried it. 
Therefore, it was natural for him to be turned on when he touched Ichika. 
Collecting himself at once, Solomon continued to focus on applying the medication for Ichika.
Just as he was gently rubbing her, she suddenly let out a moan above his head. 
Solomon was stumped as the bathroom fell silent. 
When Ichika realized what just happened, she was so embarrassed that she wanted the ground to open up and swallow her whole. 
“Darling, I… I…”
###Chapter 1426
Chapter 1426
Chapter 1426 Himari Committed Suicide 
Solomon didn’t know how to react. 
Nevertheless, his eyes sharpened in response. 
The next moment, he pulled his finger out and backed off some distance away from her. 
“Darling?” 
“I’m done. You can clean up now.” 
He quickly put the medication aside and washed his finger in the basin. In a blink of an eye, he opened the door and left. 
The next moment, Ichika even heard the sound of the room door closing. 
Did he leave? Did I put him off again with my behavior? 
She had just come of age and made love for the first time. However, she felt as if she was acting improperly for a lady. 
Consequently, the glee she felt earlier was all gone.
All that was left was the feeling of regret and the urge to give herself a slap. 
Outside the hotel, Solomon had arrived downstairs. 
Given how furiously his heart was pounding, Solomon wanted to get some air. In fact, he even hoped to find himself a cold tub to dip in. 
Just when he came downstairs, he realized that it had just snowed as the hotel’s parking lot was blanketed by it. There he saw two familiar figures building a snowman. 
“Sebby, of all the times it could have snowed, it just had to be at this hour. Now, we’re forced to accompany your daughter to build a snowman.” 
“Didn’t I tell you that you needn’t come? It’s really cold out here.” 
Sebastian’s monotonous voice rang out in the snowy night. 
However, every word of his carried with it the concern and affection he felt for his woman. After all, he was worried that she would catch a cold. 
Having heard his words, Sasha, who was packing snowballs, broke into a smile. 
“No way. I haven’t played with snow for a long time too. Why don’t we make a row of snowmen consisting of me, you, and our boys?” 
“Pfft…” 
Obviously, Sebastian wouldn’t say no to the idea. 
With that, both of them got to work in the snow. 
After he saw what was going, Solomon had an epiphany.
He was now fully recovered, for he no longer felt jealous, and he was not consumed by a possessive rage when he watched the scene in front of him. In fact, he was moved by it and filled with envy. 
Unknown to anyone else, he had followed Sasha on more than one occasion when they were in high school. 
Back then, he was attracted by how energetic and vibrant she was. It was as if she was bursting with sunshine all the time. During that time, he wondered how nice it would be if he could walk side by side with her while holding her hand. 
He thought he would be happy to have such a woman in his life, for he had been straining for the light after being sick of having darkness engulf him. 
Just as Grayson had pointed out, what Solomon truly desired wasn’t Sasha but the light she radiated that was capable of illuminating the depths of his heart. 
That light was what he felt could give him salvation. 
In that case, is Ichika the one? 
“Darling, do you want to play in the snow too? I’ll come along with you.” 
Suddenly, Ichika’s gentle voice rang out from behind him. Along with it was the sound of her hurried footsteps as she caught up with Solomon. 
Solomon turned around at once and saw Ichika, who was wearing her bathrobe with a jacket draped over her shoulder. 
“Darling,” she called out again with a sobbing voice. 
She was crying because he had run off abruptly without saying a word.
Solomon didn’t know what to say. 
She isn’t the light. Instead, she is the punishment fate wants to inflict upon me! 
Feeling exasperated, Solomon scooped Ichika into his arms and stormed back into their room. 
That night, everyone slept soundly. 
The next morning, when they woke up and drew the curtains, they noticed the entire hot spring was blanketed by a thick layer of snow. As light shimmered off its surface, the whole scene felt like paradise. 
“It’s gorgeous. Hubby, why don’t we stay here for another day?” 
Sabrina made her request enthusiastically when she saw the sight outside her window. 
Devin didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. 
“I’m fine either way. However, you should still ask Grandpa and Mr. Wand about it, just in case they’re in a hurry to return.” 
“Isn’t that a piece of cake?” 
Just as she spoke, Sabrina dashed out of the room to look for them. 
Left alone in the room, Devin had no choice but to prepare milk for Jaena while making sure that she didn’t run after her mother. After all, she had grown a lot more active recently. 
The result of the discussion was a resounding yes. 
Since it was the year end, and it was rare for them to holiday together, everyone was in high spirits.
Therefore, they agreed to stay back for one more day. As for the Minamoto family, they didn’t say a word after Ichika had sent Himari back home. 
Evidently, they knew very well what her intention was. 
Meanwhile, Ichika was thrilled to learn that they would be staying longer. Hence, she recommended another wonderful place to them. 
“You can visit the mouth of a volcano where there are mud baths available. Do you know what they are?” 
“Do you mean the place where you can bury yourself in mud?” Sabrina’s eyes lit up when she heard it. 
###Chapter 1427
Chapter 1427
Chapter 1427 The Real Reason 
Ichika nodded. 
“That’s right. The locals love that place, as it’s seen to be more effective than an ordinary hot spring. However, my parents were unwilling to bring me there when I was young, and they didn’t want me to appear in public.” 
Just as she spoke, Ichika lowered her head pitifully. 
Solomon was speechless. 
Before anyone could say a word, his insensitive sister patted Ichika on the shoulder. 
“Now that you’re married, there’s nothing to worry about. Hehe! You can go anywhere you like.” Just as she spoke, her shifty gaze fell upon the hickeys on Ichika’s neck. 
Both Solomon and Ichika panicked. 
Finally, Devin had to pull his cheeky wife back. 
Half an hour later, everyone agreed with the suggestion after a quick discussion. Hence, they decided to head out again. 
Just when they were prepared to do so, a messenger from the Minamoto family arrived. 
“Ms. Minamoto, I have bad news. Ms. Himari tried to kill herself by ingesting poison after being sent home!” 
“What did you say?” 
Ichika’s heart dropped. 
Himari tried to kill herself? 
Everyone was shocked by the news. Consequently, whatever they had planned for the day was all for naught. 
After that, Ichika and Solomon hurriedly left, leaving the Hayeses in their room to wait for Sebastian’s decision. 
“Sebby, should we go over to the Minamoto residence too? After all, I’m responsible—” 
Sebastian scowled. “What has it got to do with you? She has just gotten what she deserved!” 
He cut her off before she could even finish. To him, not only was it not Sasha’s fault, but he also felt that Himari should have counted her blessings, for he didn’t kill her for trying to harm his family. 
His response naturally calmed Sasha down. 
As for Jonathan and Rufus, they also agreed with Sebastian’s assessment of the situation. 
“If that crafty witch were one of the Jadesons, we would have shot her dead.” 
“That’s right. The only reason I didn’t flare at her for trying to harm my nephew was on Solomon’s account. With regards to this matter, don’t you worry, Sasha. If the Minamoto family are ive, they
won’t blame you for it,” Rufus consoled his daughter. 
After waiting at the hotel till noon, they finally received word from Solomon. 
“He said Himari isn’t dead. She was resuscitated and is currently in the hospital,” Sasha related. 
“Is it a ruse to gain pity?” Sebastian snapped in frustration before anyone could react. 
Everyone fell silent. 
Apparently, it was always a bad idea to scheme against someone highly intelligent. One would just end up being crushed. 
Meanwhile, even Ichika saw through the ruse. 
When the doctor came out of the operating room and informed her that none of Himari’s vital organs had been injured, a cold glint flashed in her eyes. 
Ten minutes later in the ward, Ichika walked up to the bed and declared in an indifferent tone, “Himari, if you want to leave the Minamoto family, I will give you my blessing. However, mark my words. If I find out you have harmed the family, I will not forgive you.” 
Himari’s eyelids twitched. 
Finally, she opened her eyes and looked at Ichika. 
What’s that look in her eye? Hatred? 
Hatred was no longer enough to describe her feelings. The animosity Himari felt for Ichika had transcended into a murderous rage where she felt the urge to tear her apart.
“Ichika, don’t you dare gloat in front of me. One day, I will trample you beneath my feet, and you will be begging me for mercy in tears.” 
“Is that so? How long do you think you need to do that? I’m afraid I’ll be dead before it happens,” Ichika retorted with an icy stare. 
Unexpectedly, Himari let out an insidious laugh. 
“Have you forgotten what you did when you were eight? Do you think I’m not aware of the reason why you accepted the marriage proposal from the Tsurka family?” 
Ichika was stung by her words. 
Ichika glared at Himari with her eyes widened. Her face had lost all color. 
“You admonished Akiko and accused her of being a venomous snake. After that, you took advantage of Akiyama’s phobia to keep him by your side. You are no better than Akiko. You were the one behind those vile acts. Isn’t that true?” 
“No!” Ichika shrieked. 
“I didn’t. You are lying! I didn’t do that at all!” 
“No? In that case, when Dad brought you to the Tsurka residence, why did you return home in panic? I remembered that day was the first day Yancy welcomed her son back home. After that day, a rumor began spreading in the city. It was said that Yamada’s adopted son kneeled at their door the entire day, begging to be accepted into the Tsurka family. In the end, an eight-year-old noble girl behind a veil requested Yamada to take the child in. In fact, she even begged Yamada on her knees before he agreed to take the boy in. Isn’t that what happened?” 
Lying in the hospital bed, Himari let out a venomous laugh after she recounted the past.
###Chapter 1428
Chapter 1428
Chapter 1428 Forced To Grow Up 
That was actually a custom. 
Among the nobles, when one adopted a son or daughter, one would usually invite all the other noble families for a banquet so that the elite class would acknowledge the child’s identity. 
During the banquet, many nobles would test the adopted son or daughter’s filial piety right then and there. 
Of course, that test would come in a myriad of ways. 
Therefore, it was nothing for Himari to mention that matter right then when they were in Jetroina. 
However, that time of Solomon’s past was really a thorn in his flesh then. In the past, Akiko successfully triggered him by using that precisely. 
On that particular day, his mother—Yancy—went so far as to force him to kneel there for the entire day to force him into the Tsurka family. Meanwhile, the nobles also had him serve them in various ways for the sake of livening up the atmosphere. 
Among them was the eight-year-old girl. 
“At that time, all the nobles only asked him to toast them while on his knees, but you ordered him to get some water and wash your feet because your shoes were dirty. Do you know what you took him for
back then? A servant, no?” 
Lying on the hospital bed, Himari started laughing uproariously again when she spoke of that. 
At long last, Ichika started trembling all over. 
Stark terror deluged her as she stared at her sister, who was cackling away. Without warning, a gleam of unprecedented hate and murder started creeping into her eyes. 
With her eyes fixated on the woman, she stalked over step by step. 
“W-What are you doing?” Himari stammered. 
Nevertheless, Ichika didn’t answer her. 
Subsequently, all sounds ceased. The girl who had finally been driven into taking a step into hell stretched out her hands and wrapped them around the woman’s neck viciously. 
“Ah!” 
All at once, Himari started struggling wildly. 
So, why must humans grow up? Vileness, cruelty, darkness, twistedness… Why must she taint me with those things when I was just an innocent girl? Why wouldn’t she allow me to stay pure for the rest of my days in this world? 
Even as tears streamed down her face, Ichika’s gaze remained trained on her sister, who was struggling under her hands. She sobbed, pain battering against her as a battle raged within her. 
Yet, she didn’t loosen her hold.
After all, when the fear and guilt within a person had burst forth, one could no longer control herself. 
“Ichika! What are you doing? Let go of her!” 
At that critical juncture, Solomon arrived. 
Pushing open the hospital room door, he immediately raced over upon seeing the terrifying scene within. He grabbed the girl’s hands and bellowed at her. 
Ichika finally stopped strangling Himari. 
She then turned around in a daze. The moment she saw that the person who stopped her was none other than the man they were speaking of, all the blood instantly drained from her face. 
Slowly, she slumped onto the ground. 
“Ichika!” 
The man’s cry echoed in the entire hospital room. 
In the end, the Hayeses rushed over because of Ichika’s matter. 
“Did you perchance misheard it, Sasha? Why would Ichika furtively attempt to kill her sister? That’s impossible!” Sabrina exclaimed. “She’s such an innocent girl and didn’t even put an end to her at the hot spring. Why would she make her move at the hospital?” 
Being an impatient person, she couldn’t resist asking a barrage of questions while on their way to the hospital. 
Sasha frowned.
I want to know what exactly happened as well. She was likewise extremely surprised when she heard about Ichika’s attempted murder out of the blue. 
Alas, no one knew the answer to that question. 
Even Sebastian was wearing a slight frown, seemingly ignorant about the details of the matter. 
It looks like we’ll only know what happened after taking a look at the hospital. 
And so, everyone hastened back to Terrandya without delay. 
When they arrived and met up with Solomon, the latter told them that Himari had slipped into a coma. 
Despite being thwarted by Solomon in the nick of time, Ichika still ended up crushing a neck bone of Himari’s. As a result, Himari was reduced to a vegetative state and could only live on a ventilator. 
When the Hayeses saw that, they were stunned once more. 
Good God! Ichika truly went so far? T-Then where is she now? 
That was Sasha and Sabrina’s main concern. 
“Her father took her home, so I’ve got to rush to the Minamoto residence now. Please handle things here on my behalf,” Solomon replied. 
After saying that, he promptly left. 
Sasha and the others stayed there, but for a long time, they couldn’t figure out any good plan to resolve the matter in the face of Himari, who had been transported back to the hospital room.
Crap! The punishment must be exceedingly severe for an attempt to murder one’s own sister among the nobility, no? What’s more, she’s the heiress at that! 
They were all at a loss. At the same time, they were also puzzled. Why would the girl who’d always been docile and kind suddenly act out of character? 
Meanwhile, after Ichika was taken back to the Minamoto residence, her father gave the order for her to be escorted to the temple. Upon her arrival, she was stripped of her coat and tied to a post. Then, they started hitting her with a special joss stick made by the temple. 
Whack! 
When the joss stick struck her, a stripe of blood materialized on the back of the girl’s thin shirt. 
The pain was so excruciating that a layer of cold sweat instantly beaded on her fair and smooth forehead. 
###Chapter 1429
Chapter 1429
Chapter 1429 Saving His Wife 
Nonetheless, Ichika didn’t beg for mercy. Instead, she bit her lip and endured the pain. 
Seeing that, her father—Giichi—grew all the more livid. 
“You’ve still got some backbone in you, huh? Continue hitting her without holding back! I never knew that you’re such a vicious person that you’d even attempt to kill your own sister, Ichika!” 
He ordered the temple staff to hit his daughter harder. 
In truth, that was the rule there. 
When the descendants of the noble families committed a mistake, they would be sent to such a place to be punished. On the one hand, it was to repent to their ancestors who were enshrined there. 
And on the other, it was so that the descendants would see the error of their ways. 
However, it was clear as day that Ichika hadn’t any intention of admitting her wrong. Tied to the post, she was struck more than ten times successively that even blood was trickling out of her mouth, and she was close to losing consciousness. 
But still, she kept mum. 
Giichi was really enraged to the point of speechlessness. 
Just when he was about to order for a more severe punishment to be meted, a figure abruptly sprinted in from outside. 
“Ichika!” 
The instance the man saw the horrifying scene in the temple, his expression immediately changed drastically. When the nun raised the joss stick and brought it down again on the young girl tied to the post whose back was already a bloody mess, he flew over and grabbed the joss stick. 
“Buzz off!” 
With a roar, the joss stick snapped into two in his hands. 
The nun, on the other hand, was kicked to the ground. 
When Giichi saw that, he sprang to his feet at once. “What are you doing, Akiyama? I’m educating my daughter!” 
Indeed, that man was none other than Solomon. 
Unfortunately, he acted as though he couldn’t hear his father-in-law. Tossing the joss stick to the ground, he swiftly untied the girl bound to the post and had been beaten to within an inch of her life. He scooped her up into his arms right away. 
“Ichika? Are you okay?” 
The bright red blood stung his eyes, and even his voice shook when he spoke. 
Ichika’s eyelashes fluttered against her petite face that was drained of all color before she slowly opened her eyes in the man’s embrace.
“D-Darling…” 
“I’m here. Don’t be afraid. I’m here to take you away.” 
Shrugging off his jacket, Solomon wrapped it around the girl who had been beaten so badly that not an inch of her was unmarred. After that, he made to take her away with his eyes blazing scarlet. 
Unexpectedly, the girl shook her head in his arms at that exact moment. 
“I-It’s okay, Darling. I-I really did wrong. I-I don’t deserve-” 
“What did you do wrong? If dealing with a person who should’ve long since gone to hell is wrong, then my time in this world ought to have expired ages ago. After all, I have too much blood on my hands,” the man rectified sharply. 
As he clutched at the jacket wrapped around Ichika, unprecedented rage and hostility brewed in his eyes behind his glasses. 
Clocking the look in his eyes, Giichi seemingly lost the confidence within him for some inexplicable reason. 
He was certainly well aware of his son-in-law’s background and knew that the man was indeed notorious for his ruthlessness in Sinch Enterprise. For that reason, he had no doubts about the veracity of his declaration right then. 
Ultimately, his weathered face paled a shade. 
“Akiyama, she’s still a member of the Minamoto family. Now that she did such a thing, I’ve got to give the family an explanation.”
“What explanation? Since she has married me, she’s no longer a part of the Minamoto family. The women here go with their husbands after marriage. Thus, her name is now Ichika George! She has nothing to do with the Minamoto family.” 
“How dare you?!” 
Giichi was so incensed that his face flushed bright red. 
But that wasn’t all, for that son-in-law of his proceeded to whip out several things and throw them at him. 
“Look at the wonderful things that eldest daughter of yours did. If you really attach such great importance to the family rules and customs of the Minamoto family, you should take a good look at everything she did. Is it enough to warrant the death penalty in your family rules? If the answer is yes, then Ichika merely fulfilled her duties as the head of the family in advance by doing so today!” 
Spatting out those few utterances in a steely voice, he left with the girl in his arms without an ounce of hesitation. 
Behind him, Giichi picked the things up from the ground after a moment’s stupefaction. When he finished going through everything sometime later, his blood pressure shot through the roof. He was so infuriated that he passed out. 
Meanwhile, Solomon finally brought Ichika back to the hospital. 
Naturally, the Hayeses who had only returned to the hotel a short time ago caught wind of it. 
When they learned that Ichika was beaten to within an inch of her life, everyone went back to the hospital other than Lance and Sebastian, who stayed at the hotel to take care of the children.
“How is she? Is she okay?” Sasha inquired frantically. 
“I don’t know. She was just wheeled into the operating theater a moment ago,” Solomon answered. 
He has been standing outside the operating theater for such a long time, and this is the first time I’ve ever seen him so frantic that his voice has turned hoarse. 
Sasha and Sabrina waited anxiously there with him. 
Fortunately, after waiting for a little over an hour, the doctor came out and told them that Giichi didn’t really go for broke, so Ichika’s injuries were superficial despite looking gruesome. 
Only after hearing that did everyone breathe a sigh of relief. 
After swaying on his feet for a moment, Solomon finally sat down on the bench while supporting himself against the wall. 
###Chapter 1430
Chapter 1430
Chapter 1430 Things Changed 
That’s probably a phenomenon of one’s nerves relaxing after having been stretched taut. 
Sasha clocked that, and a sense of relief suffused her. After leaving the hospital and arriving back at the hotel, she headed over to the man keeping the few children company in the suite upon spotting him. Then, she sat down cross-legged in front of him. 
“I think Solomon has found the light in his life this time.” 
“Really?” 
Hearing her use the word light to describe the man who had been in love with her all his life for the first time, Sebastian surprisingly lifted his head and looked at her seriously. 
Chortling, Sasha asserted, “Yup. In the hospital earlier, I noticed his anxiety and fear. When he heard that Ichika was fine, his eyes even turned red-rimmed at one point. Haha, this is great! I can finally rest easy.” 
She had no qualms saying that at all. 
Firstly, she considered him family and was purely worried about him. 
And secondly, she was solemnly informing the man in front of her about it.
Since Solomon had finally turned his affections to another woman, the man naturally didn’t have to be jealous all day long anymore. 
To her surprise, the man before her didn’t appear relieved as expected after she had finished saying that. 
Instead, his stern brows knitted together. 
“I’m afraid that things aren’t so simple. She wouldn’t have attempted to kill her sister for no reason. Take a rabbit, for instance. When have you ever seen it biting someone?” 
“When it’s backed into a corner?” Sasha blurted. 
Indeed, it was only when a rabbit was backed into a corner would it bite. 
In the city where snowflakes fluttered in the sky, the chill felt even more biting when night fell. 
Solomon sensed that icy coldness as well, for when the girl who had finally regained consciousness in the hospital room only said a few words to him after opening her eyes before she murmured, “Let’s get a divorce, Akiyama.” 
“What did you just say?” 
He narrowed his eyes a fraction, thinking that he must have heard Ichika wrongly. 
A divorce? She actually proposed to get a divorce with me? She wouldn’t leave even when I chased her away and insisted on staying by my side despite knowing that I was merely treating her as a substitute, yet she’s now asking me for a divorce? 
He stretched a hand out to touch her forehead, wanting to check whether she was running a fever.
However, when his hand reached her, he noticed that she had turned her head away for the very first time. 
He was instantly struck dumb. 
“I’m serious, Akiyama. I made an unforgivable mistake this time. I want to atone for it to the ancestors of the Minamoto family, so I’ll be staying at the temple henceforth. Please grant me my wish,” Ichika whispered in a choked voice as she lay on the hospital bed. 
When her words fell, Solomon studied her averted face. At long last, he started believing that she was serious. 
“Oh, so that’s what this is all about. In that case, don’t worry. I’ve already told your father that you’ve married me, thus have nothing to do with the Minamoto family anymore.” 
“No, I do. I’m still the heiress of the Minamoto family.” 
Argh! She’s still being very stubborn! 
Solomon’s eyes darkened, and he didn’t continue arguing with her. Instead, when he glanced at the IV drip and saw that it was almost finished, he went out and got the nurse. 
That night, the couple didn’t say anything else in the hospital room. 
Ichika feigned sleep, and Solomon didn’t disrupt her when he saw that she was “sleeping.” 
Instead, he worked in the hospital room on his laptop for most of the night before catching some shuteye. 
When he woke up, it was already bright daylight.
Rubbing his groggy eyes, he groped for his glasses on the table and slipped them on, only to discover that the hospital bed had been vacated a long time ago. 
Hmm? Where is she? 
He immediately stood up and went out in search of her. 
“Ichika?” he called out along the corridors in the hospital. 
There was no response, but a nurse came over instead. When she saw that he was looking for someone, she told him Ichika’s whereabouts. 
“Ms. Minamoto is getting some sunlight downstairs. She told us not to wake you since you worked for the entire night. You can find her downstairs.” 
“Okay, thank you.” 
Solomon then hastened downstairs. 
Sure enough, when he had gotten downstairs, he spotted the girl in a hospital gown basking in the sunlight in the garden that was still blanketed in a thick layer of snow at a single glance. 
Why on earth did she come down here when it’s so cold? 
He promptly went over to her. 
“Why did you come downstairs alone, Ichika? How could such paltry sunlight give you any warmth on such a chilly day? You might just catch a cold instead.” 
He didn’t bring his jacket down, so he planned on bringing her back to the hospital room after reaching her.
But then, the girl suddenly turned back when she heard his voice behind her. 
“Akiyama, look, the sun is out!” A smile bloomed on her pale face. Her arms were wide opened, with her palms facing upward as though she was holding the sunlight in them. 
Verily, she was joyous and optimistic. 
On the contrary, Solomon was a touch morose because he heard her calling him by name again instead of the usual endearment. 
“All right. It’s cold, so let’s go back.” 
Keeping his emotions in check, he patiently went over to bring her back. 
Unexpectedly, she stretched her cold hands and placed them into his palms out of the blue, grasping him tightly. As she looked down at him, her gaze was seemingly riveted.
###Chapter 1431
Chapter 1431
Chapter 1431 Advice And Persuasion 
In the end, Ichika obediently followed Solomon back. 
Solomon didn’t think much about it, assuming that she was overwhelmed for the time being when such a matter happened and would be fine after some time. 
Hence, besides accompanying her in the hospital room in the following two days, he spent the rest of the time dealing with his company affairs. 
Two days later, Sasha and the others had to leave since Christmas was just around the corner. 
“Solomon, stay and take care of Ichika here for a few days. Bring her back with you before Christmas, and we’ll have dinner together,” Rufus urged. 
That was a remark that induced much jubilance and anticipation. 
“Sure,” Solomon agreed right away. 
Ah, I’ve never spent Christmas with so many people in all my years! 
Subsequently, Sabrina said that she would be holding the fort at the company until he returned. 
The only aberration was with Sasha and Sebastian. When the former saw such a buoyant atmosphere, she couldn’t resist asking the man beside her, “Sebby, shouldn’t we apprise him about the matter?” 
Sebastian, however, was much more sensible. 
“And what would we say? Tell him that Ichika is hiding something from him? That’s unnecessary. At times, some things have to be handled by the people involved. It’s just like us back then. If my father hadn’t interfered, would we have wasted so much time with endless detours?” 
He brought up their past all of a sudden. 
Hearing that, Sasha was immediately frozen to the spot. 
He’s right. Back then, it was a misunderstanding that could’ve been easily resolved, but because of Frederick’s presumptuous meddling in our affairs, we were tortured and were apart for five whole years. 
She ended up dismissing the idea of poking her nose into their business, but she still went to see Ichika before she left. 
“Ichika?” 
The hospital room was exceedingly quiet, more so than ever since everyone was busy bidding Solomon farewell. 
Sitting on the hospital bed and spacing out while gazing out the window, Ichika instantly turned around when she heard the voice. “Sha? Why are you here?” 
She was rather surprised, and at the same time, a tad panicked. 
Why would she be so panicked for no reason?
Upon seeing that, Sasha was all the more convinced about her husband’s analysis of the matter. 
“Well, I’m here to visit you. We’re going back since it’s going to be Christmas soon. Ichika, we’ll all be waiting for you in Avenport, so get well quickly and come back with Solomon, okay?” she urged gently, sitting on the edge of her bed and grasping both her hands. 
Ichika’s head snapped up at once. 
“Sha, d-do you all not hate me?” 
“Hate?” A trace of bemusement showed on Sasha’s face. “Why would we hate you? Why would you say that?” 
“I-I…” 
Ichika’s eyes abruptly turned red, and she swiftly hung her head. She struggled for a long time before she finally forced the words out from between her teeth like a kid who had done something wrong. 
“I-I was going to kill my sister. Do you all not hate me and feel that I’m repulsive?” 
“Of course not!” Sasha promptly denied. “I even think that you did a great job! That sister of yours is vicious and heartless. Have you forgotten that it was me who set her up with the janitor at the hot spring?” 
In a mere second, Ichika jerked her head up. She stared at her cousin, who proclaimed that proudly, at a loss for words. 
“A-Are you serious?” 
“Yeah, why? Didn’t you know that? Oh, I thought you knew. Anyway, the entire Hayes family is aware of that. As that sister of yours set my brother up back then, I was furious and set her up as well.”
Sasha explained everything in detail. 
Naturally, she didn’t sound as though she had anything to hide. Instead, she was so nonchalant that it was as though she was only upholding justice by meting out the punishment. 
But in reality, that was indeed what someone like Himari deserved. 
Only then was there some reaction on Ichika’s part. For the first time, a glimmer of life shone in her eyes after she had strangled her sister with her own hands. 
It was as though one had been teetering on the edge of the cliff for a long time and had finally grasped a ray of light. 
“Then… did Sebastian not say anything about you doing all that?” 
“What did he say?” Sasha pondered for a moment. “Oh yes, he said I should have covered my eyes when I watched. He also said that I was too depraved and to leave such a thing to him in the future.” 
She proceeded to tell Ichika all about her husband’s reaction that day. 
Ichika’s round, black eyes widened, and her jaw that had dropped open remained gaping for several seconds. 
That was something she had never heard because she never imagined that a man would indulge his wife so much that he wouldn’t get irate even if she did such a thing and even told her to leave it to him in the future. 
In that case, is there actually no need for me to bear such a heavy psychological burden after having strangled my own sister? And perhaps Solomon will likewise not think that I’m a heinous woman?
###Chapter 1432
Chapter 1432
Chapter 1432 Kick Up A Fuss 
No, that’s still different. The reason I made a move against her wasn’t that Himari was evil. Instead, it was because she had dirt on me, and I didn’t want Solomon to learn about it. That was why I wanted to silence her. Therefore, I’m still wicked. 
“Ichika?” 
“Go back, Sha. I got it. Thank you.” 
Sitting on the hospital bed with her head lowered, the girl whose eyes had dimmed again didn’t say anything else after saying that in a muffled voice. 
At the sight of Ichika’s crestfallen state, Sasha was rendered speechless. 
It looks like this isn’t the worry she’s hiding. 
Having no other recourse, she could only sigh before getting to her feet. 
“By the way, Ichika, do you know the state Solomon was in when you were in the operating theater?” she glanced back over her shoulder and asked, suddenly recalling that when she had already reached the door. 
Ichika lifted her eyes once more.
Sasha then continued, “He was trembling all over. Unbelievable, right? I’ve known him for so many years, but it was my first time seeing him so terrified.” 
Nevertheless, Ichika didn’t respond to that. 
“Therefore, Ichika, don’t push him away. You’ve finally pulled him out of the abyss after much difficulty, so don’t shove him back into it. Promise me that, will you?” Sasha urged. 
She stood at the hospital room door with eyes brimming with hope and imploration that would tug on the heartstrings of anyone who beheld her at that moment. 
When Ichika jolted back to her senses, and the person at the door had also left, she clutched her chest and threw herself onto the bed. The pain was so harrowing that she couldn’t quite breathe, and tears escaped her eyes. 
I don’t want to do that either! I never want to push him back into the abyss when I love him so much. But will he forgive me? If he were to learn that the eight-year-old girl back then was me, would he still forgive me? When the psychologist put him under hypnosis in Jadeborough, he found that there were three traumatic incidents that brought about his illness. One was the abandonment of his mother, Yancy, when he was a child. Then, it was the time he was bitten by a dog when his mother forced him to beg on the streets. And lastly, it was the humiliation he suffered when he first came to Jetroina when he was eighteen years old. 
The doctor also said that if the incidents during his childhood were the seeds sown, then his life experience after he was eighteen years old was the true beginning of when hatred took root. Enduring the humiliation, he took over Sinch Enterprise before launching frenetic revenge against Hayes Corporation and Frederick Hayes. Actually, it was all because of that incident. So, was I the culprit who caused him to harbor that hatred back then?
She wept in the hospital room for a long, long time. 
When Solomon returned after seeing the Hayeses off, he instantly panicked upon noticing her condition. 
“What happened? Why are your eyes swollen? Did you cry?” 
He hastened over to scrutinize her, but Ichika abruptly shied away. 
She turned her head away, her expression rather detached. 
“I’m fine. It’s just that my mother visited just now,” she fibbed. 
Sure enough, an intelligent person could lie flawlessly the second she opened her mouth. 
Solomon truly didn’t suspect anything. He merely frowned. “Why did she visit again? In that case, how about we just have you discharged? We’ll stay at my house here. Then, your mother can’t visit anymore.” 
After seeing that she cried, he even detested his own mother-in-law then. 
Ichika was dumbfounded. 
In that instance, it felt as though she had been stabbed in the heart since he had never pampered her that much in the past. 
Why is this happening? He has finally recovered from his illness and accepted me! Yet, why did things come to this? 
She clenched her fists so tightly that her nails dug deep into her palms. 
“No, thanks. I’m going to the temple after I’m discharged.”
“What did you just say?” 
At once, Soloman’s gaze snapped to her. Because he was hearing that for a second time, a trace of displeasure finally manifested on his handsome face. 
“I don’t want to hear that anymore. Be good, okay? I’ll go and settle the discharge procedures for you now, and we’ll leave right away.” After saying that, the man spun around to go out and get the discharge procedures done. 
As soon as Ichika heard that, she panicked. 
“Did you not understand me, Akiyama? I said I wanted to get a divorce! We can’t be together anymore!” 
At that moment, the man’s expression turned as dark as night. 
A divorce? Is she baiting me to teach her a lesson before she’d stop spouting nonsense? But well, that makes sense. She’s just twenty years old, so it’s only normal that she likes to kick up a fuss! 
Solomon then whirled around again. 
Glimpsing the expression on his face, Ichika promptly froze on the hospital bed. She had no idea what he wanted to do and merely stared at him blankly until the terrifying man stopped in front of her. 
“W-What do you want from me?” 
“What do you think?” he gritted out. 
Without giving her an opportunity to gather her wits about her, he reached out and scooped her up from the bed, cradling her in his arms. 
“Darling!”
Shrieking in fright, Ichika frantically wrapped her arms around the man’s neck and reflexively blurted that familiar endearment in her panic. 
When Soloman heard that, he finally smiled a little. 
Sure enough, she needed to be taught a lesson! 
That afternoon itself, he forcefully brought her to a villa he had there. As for her going to a temple, that’s certainly impossible!
###Chapter 1433
Chapter 1433
Chapter 1433 Truly Gone Cuckoo 
When Aoi saw no sign of her daughter upon arriving at the hospital, she gave Solomon a call. 
“Mr. Akiyama, where did you take Ichika?” 
“Don’t worry. She’s safe and sound.” 
Solomon was still rather well-mannered, for he answered his mother-in-law amicably. 
However, anxiety swamped Aoi after hearing that. 
“She’s emotionally unstable right now, so you can’t simply take her away, Mr. Akiyama. Please hurry up and tell me where she is. I’ll go over to visit her,” she implored that son-in-law of hers. 
Alas, Solomon didn’t grasp the meaning of that remark. 
More accurately speaking, he had no inkling that Ichika lied to him. In truth, her mother hadn’t visited her, much less reprimanded her. Not knowing that, he sternly declined her visit. 
Everything was normal until that particular day when he returned home after a trip to the supermarket to buy necessities. To his eternal shock, the moment he stepped into the house, he discovered that the girl whom he had confined in the house had shaved off her headful of lustrous, black hair. 
Ichika had her back to him as she sat there cross-legged with a bald head. She seemed so unfamiliar that he almost couldn’t recognize her. 
“What on earth are you doing, Ichika Minamoto?” 
Walking over, he gaped at the hair scattered all over the floor and the nun’s habit on her that she had gotten from somewhere or other. For a moment, a storm of emotions brewed in his eyes behind his glasses. 
“Have you lost your mind?” 
“No, I haven’t. Akiyama, I’ve long since said that I made an unforgivable mistake. I need to stay in the temple to obtain forgiveness.” 
Ichika regarded him quietly, her unfamiliar and indifferent expression one he had never seen. 
Solomon couldn’t even utter a single word. 
Oh my God, she has gone mad! She has truly gone cuckoo! 
He threw everything he was holding in his hands to the floor without saying anything. In a fit of rage, he yanked the girl up from the floor and dragged her into the room. 
Meanwhile, Ichika was wholly stumped. 
“What are you doing? Let go of me!” 
Subsequently, all sound ceased. 
Right that moment, Soloman, who had finally gone ballistic, showed his bloodthirsty side to her for the first time. That side of him hadn’t made an appearance in a very long time.
“Stop…” 
Having no strength to resist, Ichika was roughly dragged into the bathroom. When the man tossed her under the showerhead after stripping her bare, she screamed so loudly that the entire villa could hear her. 
Alas, it was all in vain. 
This time, Solomon was truly incandescent. 
After dragging her to beneath the showerhead, he turned on the faucet. Water poured down her in a torrent. 
It wasn’t until he had rinsed her clean and chucked her so-called nun’s habit into the trash can did he snag a bath towel and wrapped it around her roughly. 
Carrying her out, he then tossed her onto the bed. 
“Akiyama!” 
“You want to be a nun, huh? Okay, I’ll grant you your wish!” 
Soloman’s solid body came down on her. In no time, the entire bedroom was filled with the man’s heavy breathing as well as the girl’s shrieks and struggles. 
But when the two people joined together in the end, the screams faded. 
All that remained was passion and wild frenzy. 
Not only was the man in the throes of passion, but when the woman was brought to her limits, she trembled as she tried her best to keep her moans to herself.
It wasn’t until the very end when her eyes glazed over that she again called out, “Darling…” 
Hah! She really needed to be taught a lesson before she’d behave! 
The next morning, there was no longer anyone next to Solomon when he woke up. 
His eyes swiftly shot open. 
“Ichi…” 
He wanted to call out to her, but as soon as he sat up, a wave of dizziness assailed him. He then fell back heavily. 
“You’re finally awake, Mr. Akiyama?” 
Someone heard his voice and immediately hurried in. 
Lying on the bed, Solomon turned his head and glanced over. A moment later, his expression changed once more. 
“Why are you here? Where is Ichika?” 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Akiyama. We only rushed over after being notified of this. When we arrived, Mrs. Akiyama was already gone.” 
When his subordinate heard that question, he instantly dropped to a knee before the bed with a guilty expression on his face. 
Words eluded Solomon. 
An inferno of fury blazed within him, and he propped himself out of bed despite his spinning head.
Argh! How dare she? I’m going to kill her when I catch her later! She now dares to go against me, huh? 
He quickly set out with his subordinates. 
The initial plan was to go straight to the temple. 
Unexpectedly, he caught sight of a white car waiting there no sooner had he exited the villa community. 
When the person in the car saw that he had finally come out, the car door swung open. A kindly middle-aged woman in a royal blue woolen coat and a string of precious jewelry around her neck climbed out of the car. 
“Mr. Akiyama, are you on your way to look for Ichika? Let’s have a chat first.” 
It was none other than his mother-in-law, Aoi. 
Solomon’s eyes narrowed a fraction. 
Twenty minutes later, Solomon chose a window seat and sat right across from his mother-in-law in a leisurely cafe in the city’s central square. 
“What would you like to drink?” 
“Anything will do.” 
Aoi flashed him a gentle smile. 
She was both well-mannered and even-tempered. Despite the many things that had transpired in the Minamoto family recently, she had always been looking at the bigger picture. 
And it was for that precise reason that Solomon still held some respect for her.
###Chapter 1434
Chapter 1434
Chapter 1434 The Truth 
The wine was soon served. After pouring Aoi a glass, Solomon waited for her to speak. 
“I know Ichika did some extreme stuff at your house yesterday and even ran away last night. That’s mainly what I want to talk to you about today.” 
“Go ahead,” said Solomon. He took a sip of wine and nodded at her. 
Aoi began to speak. “I’m wondering, Mr. Akiyama, if you remember the time when you first came to Jetroina?” 
“Huh?” Solomon looked up at her abruptly, surprised by the question. 
A gloomy look came into his eyes, revealing his reluctance in discussing the subject. 
“What about it?” 
“I’m sorry for bringing this up, but I was hoping you would recall the time when you’d just entered your adoptive father’s house. Do you remember a little girl who made you do certain things? That little girl was, in fact, Ichika.” 
For her daughter’s sake, the woman no longer wanted to be tormented by the secret and decided to spit the truth.
As she expected, the moment she finished speaking, the man immediately jerked up his head, staring at her with his face frozen in shock. 
Aoi’s heart sank when she saw his reaction. 
“Yes, that’s the truth. Throughout these years, Ichika’s always kept a close eye on you and feels sorry for what she’d done to you back then. That was why, back when your adoptive father came to our house with the marriage proposal, my eldest daughter said no when she saw that he was representing you, but Ichika stood out for you.” 
She had decided to spill the whole truth now, sparing no details, including this one. 
She really hoped to plead on her daughter’s behalf. After all, the girl was only eight back then. How could such a little girl have known any better? 
Back then, Ichika was brought there by her parents. Hidden behind the curtains, she became impatient after a long time waiting and could not wait to go home. 
When she realized the banquet was not ending simply because the guests could not stop fussing over the teenage boy, she was struck with the thought of how she usually dismissed the servants at home. Thus, she scolded the teenage boy and made him wash her feet while kneeling before her, just like a servant. 
After that, she was brought home. Only after her parents reprimanded her did she understand what a grave mistake she had made. 
Aoi’s eyes were slightly reddened. “I know how insulting that incident was to you at the time, and I know I have no right to plead for forgiveness on Ichika’s behalf. But if you could forgive her, I-I would be
very grateful!” 
With that, she bowed her head apologetically. 
However, Solomon remained motionless. 
He was, at that moment, utterly stunned by the truth that Aoi had just revealed to him. He could not quite wrap his head around the fact that the little girl hidden behind those curtains back then and the woman he had married was one and the same. 
In fact, he was a little furious. 
He remembered when Yancy had just relocated him to Jetroina against his will. Back then, he had never wanted to become Yamada’s adoptive son at all. 
After enjoying ten blissful years with the Wands, the last thing he wanted was to go back to the days where he had to be subservient to others at all times. 
Despite that, he was still forced to kneel for ages at the Tsurka residence that day. Toward the end of the day, he even had to wash a child’s feet and bow to the child as well. 
For a long time after that, those scenes had remained in his heart like an untouchable thorn, festering and breeding hatred. 
Aoi waited for his response with her head bowed, but he gave her none. 
For almost five minutes, he merely sat there with a terrifying expression on his face, completely silent and still. 
Suddenly, Aoi’s eyes dulled as she finally understood what his reaction meant.
Not wanting to disturb him any further, she got up and politely excused herself. 
Resigned to the fact that the situation was simply beyond salvation, she returned to the temple. 
Just as she expected, Ichika, who had proclaimed she would devote herself to prayer, had been anxiously waiting for her return the whole time. 
She turned toward Aoi eagerly. However, upon seeing her returning alone, she immediately caught on. 
Lowering her gaze in disappointment, she turned away from her mother just as a single teardrop fell from her eyes and trickled down her cheek. 
“Ichika…” Aoi’s heart ached at the sight of her. 
Sitting down beside her, Aoi could only try to comfort the girl as best as she could. “Perhaps he has a hard time accepting the truth right now. Give him some time. I’m sure he’ll come in another two days.” 
“It’s all right, Mom,” replied Ichika, forcing a smile through her tears. “I did something wrong. It’s only right that I stay here and repent. You can go home now.” 
With that said, she picked up the scripture in front of her and began reading it. 
Aoi watched her speechlessly, full of sadness and regret at the way things had turned out. 
However, since there was nothing else she could do, she eventually left and headed home. 
For the following two days, just like Ichika predicted, only silence ensued in the temple. No one came to visit her, nor did she receive a single phone call or text. 
###Chapter 1435
Chapter 1435
Chapter 1435 He Appeared Like A God 
It was indeed as if the man she was waiting for had disappeared from the face of the Earth. Or perhaps he had gone back to his home country. 
On her fourth day at the temple, Ichika carried two big wooden buckets and headed off to the river to fetch water. Snow had fallen earlier, and the land outside the temple was a vast expanse of white. 
Having been pampered since little, this was no easy feat for her. With arduous effort, she had finally managed to lift the buckets of water off the ground when she suddenly lost her footing. 
Thunk! 
The girl tumbled to the ground, and the buckets immediately slipped off her fingers, which were by then red and numb from the cold. 
At that, she finally burst into tears and wailed uncontrollably, especially at the sight of her hands that were bleeding from being cut by the sharp ice on the ground. 
She was, after all, just a twenty-year-old young woman. 
Suddenly, the sound of footsteps crunching on snow and ice sounded, and a moment later, a pair of black handmade men’s leather boots appeared in front of her. 
“Huh?” Teary-eyed, she blinked and then lifted her head.
“So, are you enjoying your new life of silence at solitude at the temple?” 
The man who had just appeared before her glimmered under the dazzling sunlight like a god that had just descended from heaven. The sight was so surreal Ichika thought she must have been dreaming. 
“H-Hubby?” 
“Who’s your hubby? You’re a nun now. Where would you get a husband?” 
Gazing down at her loftily, the man wore a cool expression on his handsome face. Even his eyes were chilly as he gazed at her unwaveringly. 
Ichika fell silent. 
Her face paled a little as she averted her gaze and struggled to get off the ground. 
He’s right. I don’t have a husband anymore. I guess I am really dreaming. 
Once she got back on her feet, she picked up the two cracked buckets and began staggering in the direction of the temple. 
“Think carefully before you take another step, Ichika. If you choose to go back to that place now, I am going to leave and never come back again. I’m not as selfless as you imagine. I’m only an ordinary man, vulnerable to hate and resentment like everyone else. I only came here today to give myself a chance, as should you!” Solomon’s voice rang out from behind her. 
He did not attempt to coax her. 
From his bloodshot eyes, it was evident that he had endured the past few days in a torturous state.
Thus, the words he just uttered were not altogether pleasant to the ears either. Instead, they went straight to the point and conveyed his attitude plainly. 
Besides, he had just recovered from his illness. The fact that he had even managed to do this was already beyond himself. 
If it were the past, he would have returned to his home country by now, and Ichika would indeed have become a stranger to him. 
Ichika jerked to a halt and froze as if she had just turned into a statue. 
Then, as though an invisible hammer was pounding in her chest, all the hurt, pain, and hopes that she had held inside instantly broke free and rose to the surface of her heart. 
Tears sprang into her eyes once again. 
“Y-You don’t blame me anymore?” She turned toward him, tears streaming down her face. 
Gazing at her, Solomon did not answer but asked instead, “Well, did you do those things on purpose back then?” 
“Of course not!” Ichika shook her head, unable to stop weeping. “I didn’t mean any of it…” 
“All right, then. That’s all that matters. I no longer want to think about the past anymore. You saw how I came out of that dark abyss with your own eyes, too. Let’s give ourselves one more chance, Ichika.” 
His gaze and tone softened, and he was beginning to sound like the kind man she used to know. 
Hearing that, Ichika felt a burst of ecstasy spread through her heart. 
Dropping the two buckets in her hands, she launched herself into his arms.
“Hubby!” she called out to him with the familiar nickname. 
Diving into his embrace, she wrapped her arms around him tightly like a lost child who had finally found a home and bawled her eyes out. 
It was as if he was her salvation. 
Previously, she had been his, but now their roles had switched. 
Aoi, who had been watching the entire scene from afar, shed tears of joy in the car. 
“Mrs. Minamoto…” 
“Let’s go home. Mr. Minamoto will be glad to hear about such good news,” said Aoi, wiping her tears. With that, they left the temple and headed home. 
Two hours later, in a first-class shopping mall in Terrandya, Ichika had resumed her usual lively character, eyes shining brightly. 
“Does this look good on me, Hubby?” she asked, indicating the new wig and clothes she was clad in. 
“Mm-hmm,” came Solomon’s reply. 
He watched her silently. 
By now, he had mostly understood what his heart really wanted. 
For the past few days, shut in his villa, he had had the impulse of immediately leaving the city and returning to his homeland countless times, but throughout none of those times had that decision made him feel half as good as he did right now.
Perhaps a hint of bitterness still lingered in his heart, but he was certain, at that moment, that he could not possibly feel more contented. 
They went back once they were done shopping. Seeing as Christmas was merely four days away, Solomon began preparing to return to his home country with Ichika in tow. 
###Chapter 1436
Chapter 1436
Chapter 1436 Are You Pregnant 
However, just as they were about to depart for the airport, Giichi suddenly turned up at their doorstep and immediately pulled Solomon aside. 
“Are you sure you’re bringing her back, Akiyama? You’d better think twice. Once she leaves with you, her name will be removed from our family forever, which means if you change your mind someday, she’ll not be able to return to the Minamoto family anymore!” stated Giichi grimly. 
Naturally, he would have to do that. 
Considering how Himari was in a comatose state, if he wanted to conceal the true reason Ichika struck out at her, then that was the only thing he could do. Otherwise, the only fate that awaited Ichika would only be the utter destruction of her reputation anyway. 
Thus, by doing so, he was protecting his daughter, although it was also a gamble at the same time. 
If the man standing before him did not treat his daughter well, then there would indeed be no hope left for that girl. 
Aoi was gazing at Solomon anxiously, too. 
“I remember mentioning this to you before, but Ichika’s last name is now Hayes. I could even show you the Hayeses’ family record if you want.”
“The Hayes’ family record? Are you saying that Ichika’s name is included in your family record?” 
Giichi was utterly dumbfounded, as women in Jetroina were never bestowed such an honor. 
Solomon responded with a nonchalant attitude. 
“Of course she is. Not only that, but I also plan to hold a shareholders’ meeting at Hayes Corporation after Christmas and redistribute the company’s shares. As my wife, your daughter may share half of the equity under my name, which will be inherited by our future offspring as well. Is there anything else you’d like to ask me, Father?” 
The word he ended his speech with completely stunned Giichi. 
He knew how, throughout those years, Solomon seldom even addressed Yamada as his father. 
Thus, he knew what an honor it was to be called that by Solomon. 
In the end, both Giichi and Aoi happily sent their daughter off at the airport. 
“Ichika, remember to be a good girl and listen to Akiyama when you get there, will you?” Aoi reminded her. 
“I know that, Mom.” 
“Tell her to bear a son for the Hayeses as soon as possible and inform you once she gets pregnant. I’ll let you go over to take care of her till she gives birth to the child,” Giichi added. 
“Huh?” Aoi was rendered speechless by his statement. 
A blush immediately crept up to Ichika’s face.
In fact, her cheeks remained flushed even after they boarded the plane. 
After putting their luggage away, Solomon went to join her and noticed she was sitting with her head lowered the whole time, her ears beet red. 
“What did your mother say to you before we boarded?” 
“N-Nothing?” 
She seemed even more abashed than before, bowing her head so much she was practically burying her face in her knees. 
Seeing that, Solomon refrained from asking any further. 
The age gap between them often made him feel like they were generations apart. 
He suddenly recalled the time when she decorated his home in pink and with lace too. 
This gap in between us really isn’t a small one! 
He opened his newspaper and was beginning to read it when suddenly, Ichika leaned toward him timidly, asking, “H-Hubby, d-do you want to have children?” 
“What?!” A single utterance burst from Solomon’s lips, and heads immediately swiveled in their direction throughout the first-class cabin. 
Seeing that, Ichika hurriedly cupped her hand over his mouth to silence him. 
“Not so loud, Hubby!” Her face had turned a deep shade of scarlet from the embarrassment. 
Solomon realized then that he had indeed lost his composure.
However, it was only because he was overly shocked, so much so that his heart had nearly jumped out of his chest. 
Children? 
He had never thought about it before. 
Shooting a quick glance around, he tried to suppress the overwhelming emotions in his heart. 
After what seemed like an eternity, he was finally calm enough to whisper, “D-Do you mean you’re pregnant?” 
Again, a blush spread across Ichika’s face. 
“N-No, of course not. It’s too soon for that. I was only asking what you think about it. M-My mother was rushing me to bear your child soon, but I think I’m still young. I’m just twenty, and there are still other things I want to do first. I-Is that okay with you, Hubby?” 
She blinked at him pleadingly. 
Solomon stared back at her, saying nothing. 
For a second, he felt his heart, which had just shot to the heavens like a rocket, plunge back into the earth in disappointment. 
“But what if you do get pregnant?” he inquired. 
“Huh?” Ichika was stumped. 
What if I do get pregnant?
Her face fell. “Well, if that happens, I will give birth to the child. He would be our child, Hubby. I’m going to raise him well.” 
After a second’s consideration, the girl had taken on a totally different attitude. 
Solomon did not quite know how to respond to that sudden change. However, the gloominess that had filled his heart a moment ago seemed to have lifted, replaced by a light and pleasant feeling. 
“All right. That’s what we’ll do, then. If you’re not pregnant now, then we shall wait till you get a little older. But if you are, then we’ll bring the child into the world.” 
“Okay, Hubby. In that case, should we buy that thing after we get off this plane?” 
“What thing?” 
“I mean, that thing…” 
Ichika suddenly pointed to an advertisement printed on the newspapers he was holding. 
Solomon glanced at it, a frown immediately forming on his forehead. 
Durex condoms? And ultrathin, too?! 
###Chapter 1437
Chapter 1437
Chapter 1437 Christmas 
The couple arrived in Frontier Bay three days before Christmas. 
“How are we spending Christmas, then? Stay here till the eve, then leave for Jadeborough?” asked Sabrina. 
Having no idea herself, Sasha glanced at Sebastian, who was having his meal at the dining table. 
Of course, they hoped to spend the holidays at Frontier Bay if it were up to them. However, they could not neglect the Jadesons either, as both Devin and Sebastian came from that family. 
Besides, Jonathan was looking forward to meeting his great-grandchildren as well. 
“You should go back with Devin first.” Sebastian eventually compromised and decided Sabrina should return to Jadeborough for Christmas with Jaena in tow. 
Sabrina’s face immediately fell. 
She wasn’t thrilled about it, but she did not want to oppose her brother’s idea either. 
Thus, after Solomon and Ichika came back, they all had a reunion dinner two days before Christmas. Then Sabrina and Devin left for Jadeborough, bringing Jaena with them. 
As for Sebastian and Sasha, they planned to return to Jadeborough on Christmas day itself. 
Ichika was incredibly excited when she learned about this arrangement, not to mention it was also her first time spending Christmas in this country. After hearing that they would be having lunch in Frontier Bay on Christmas eve and then visiting the Hayes Residence in the evening, she woke up early on Christmas eve. 
“I’m going to Sha’s, Hubby. Lots of people are going to her house for lunch later, and she probably needs an extra hand to prepare everything.” 
Solomon had gotten up as well and was feeding the two goldfish in the fish tank. 
“But didn’t you say you were going shopping?” he asked, turning back to look at her. 
Only then did she realize she had completely forgotten about that. 
She quickly returned to their bedroom to retrieve the shopping list, which she had gotten from Wendy earlier. 
The items listed were things she needed to prepare for Christmas to create a festive mood and holiday atmosphere for their home. 
She read through it carefully. 
“Where can I get all this stuff, Hubby?” she asked, pointing at the list. 
Taking it over, Solomon took a good look at it—Christmas lights, stockings, wreaths, candles, and more. 
It was a very complete list indeed. 
Solomon clutched the piece of paper tightly, an unfathomable feeling surging in his heart.
He was suddenly overcome by an inexplicable urge to buy those things himself, just like a child tempted by his favorite shirt in the supermarket. 
He had not felt that way for a long time. 
“Why don’t we go and buy these things together?” 
“Huh?” Ichika looked up at him. Then a smile spread across her face as she agreed, “Okay, then! Let’s shop for these together!” 
Thus, Ichika, who had promised to help out at Sasha’s, happily went Christmas shopping with Solomon instead. 
Meanwhile, at Frontier Bay, Sasha and Wendy were bustling about in the kitchen, waiting for her to arrive. 
“Madam, look at the time now. I don’t think Ms. Minamoto is coming after all. Everyone will be here for lunch at noon, and there’s still a ton of stuff we haven’t bought yet.” 
“Ah!” Sasha’s hands were already full. 
Left with no choice, she went out, looking for Sebastian, who was decorating the house with the three children. 
“Ichika’s still not here yet. Can you help me get some stuff from the supermarket?” 
“Sure. What sort of stuff?” 
Sebastian hopped off the stool after hanging up the Christmas garlands.
Sasha went over to pass him the shopping list. “Pastry flour, rum, and some condiments. But are you sure you know what these are, Darling?” 
Whenever she addressed him as her darling, it meant she needed him to treat the matter at hand with utmost seriousness. 
Sebastian frowned at her. “Duh! What do you think?” 
Snatching the list over, he went toward Vivian, who was setting up the Christmas lights outside the villa. 
“Come on, Vivi. Let’s go to the supermarket together.” 
“All right!” 
The cute little girl dropped the Christmas lights at once, leaving the work to her brothers, and ran to catch up with her father. 
Thus, Sebastian went to the supermarket with Vivian in tow. 
The moment they got there, he took out the wrinkled piece of paper from his pocket. Seeing the first item on the list, the man, who grew up pampered and had never lifted a finger to do any housework, came to the flour section and instantly became boggled by the variety available in that section. 
Vivian was just as dazed by the sight. 
Blinking at him innocently, she asked, “Why don’t I ask that lady there to help us with this? There are too many types of flour here. What if we end up buying the wrong one?” 
Sebastian clenched his fists a little. 
If he were to follow the usual manner he did things, he would simply have asked an employee to help him pack one bag of each type of those flour and load them into his car.
However, he knew he would only return home to be seen as a joke if he did that. Thus, he heeded his daughter’s advice and asked one of the salesgirls for help. 
“Pastry flour? Here it is,” she said, packing him a bag with ease.
###Chapter 1438
Chapter 1438
Chapter 1438 Past Grudges 
Vivian was delighted and immediately pushed the shopping list into the lady’s hand. 
“Here are more items. My daddy doesn’t know them either. Could you help us gather them, please?” 
“Hahaha!” A burst of laughter suddenly rang out from not far away, giving them a fright. 
A scowl came upon Sebastian’s face at once. 
Turning over, he saw that the man roaring with laughter and pointing at him at the same time was clad in the most eccentric clothes. Even his head was dressed up like a peacock. 
“Go on and laugh again,” Sebastian threatened with his gaze darkening. 
The man’s laughter stopped abruptly. 
Vivian stared at him blankly for a long while before she finally recognized who he was. 
“Uncle Brandon, it’s you!” 
“Yes, it’s me. Look at how much you’ve grown, Vivi! And what a beauty you’ve turned into! Would you like to join the entertainment industry, Vivi? With such a pretty face, you’ll easily become the top superstar in show business!”
Brandon was dazzled by his niece’s stunning looks and could not stop marveling at her beauty. 
In fact, it was true that Vivian had indeed turned into a great beauty. 
Her eyes resembled her father’s, while her facial features were almost identical to Sasha’s when the latter was little. Seeing as she had inherited all of the most attractive features her parents possessed, it was no surprise that she looked so charming. 
However, the moment Brandon finished his words, Sebastian swiftly swung a kick at his abdomen. “Do you have a death wish?” 
“No, I don’t…” Brandon quickly wiped the playful smile off his face. 
Sebastian considered it a rare coincidence indeed to bump into Brandon during Christmas after so many years. Thus, once Brandon stopped fooling around, he did not immediately attempt to shoo him away either. 
He continued picking and packing stuff, asking casually, “Back for Christmas?” 
Brandon nodded. “Yeah. My mother’s fallen ill, so I decided to come back this year.” 
His mother? Matilda? 
Sebastian did not have a good impression of that woman at all, as he could still remember how she used to manipulate and sabotage him. 
However, Brandon said next, “Sebastian, since you’re all here for Christmas, would it be possible for you to pay a visit to my house within the next few weeks? To see my mother?” 
“Huh? To see your mother?”
“Yeah. Her health’s been in bad condition this past year. The doctors said she might not have much time left. I understand she’d done some terrible things to you in the past, but could you just come, for your uncle’s sake? Maybe you could treat it as if you were representing the Hayeses, I guess.” 
The man who had always been known as a cynic was suddenly sounding as though he was on the verge of tears. 
Sebastian fell silent. 
Representing the Hayeses? 
He lowered his gaze as memories of the past flashed through his mind. 
Matilda was, simply put, a competitive woman who only cared about getting her hands on the things she wanted. A huge reason was that her father had handed the entire family over to her younger brother, Frederick Hayes, instead of her. 
Thus, she was obsessed with getting back her portion. 
Subsequently, she made a series of mistakes, and in the end, almost risked the entire Emmanuel family getting destroyed by Sebastian. 
The fact that she was hoping to meet the Hayeses again must have been an indicator that she was indeed coming to the end of her life and was beginning to recognize her errors. 
After much thought, Sebastian finally agreed to his request. 
“All right, then. We initially planned to return to Jadeborough on Christmas day, but since this is the case, we’ll make a visit to your house then.”
“Really? That’s wonderful! I’m going to tell her that as soon as I return. By the way, are you also bringing the kids and Sasha along? My mother loves to be surrounded by people nowadays. It’d be great if they could come with you,” Brandon added with a hopeful look in his eyes. 
Seeing that her father did not respond, Vivian chimed in, “Uncle Brandon, may I bring my Aunt Ichika along, too?” 
“Your Aunt Ichika?” Brandon was unable to wrap his head around the name for a moment. 
Sebastian swept a dull gaze across him, explaining bluntly, “Yes, she’s speaking about Ichika Minamoto, which reminds me, those two should probably come along as well. After all, Solomon’s your mother’s true nephew.” 
It was Brandon’s turn to fall silent. 
He had totally forgotten the fact that Solomon was a true Hayes by blood, although he sometimes doubted what that word even meant at all. 
In his eyes, the man standing before him was as true a Hayes as any other. They had even grown up together. 
While Brandon hurried home, Sebastian left the supermarket as well after the salesperson finished helping him pick the items he needed. 
He told Sasha about his encounter with Brandon upon returning home. 
“Pay a visit to the Emmanuels’?” As expected, Sasha was rather stunned when she heard about it. 
Sebastian nodded. However, sensing her reluctance, he immediately added, “You don’t have to go if you don’t want to. I can go alone.”
To his surprise, Sasha’s frown instantly turned into a smile. 
Unpacking and sorting out the goods he had just brought home, she said coyly, “Do I really seem like such a petty person to you? Those things happened in the past, and the past is already gone. Let’s visit her together since she’s unwell.” 
###Chapter 1439
Chapter 1439
Chapter 1439 An Otherworldly Being 
“All right.” Sebastian’s lips curved into a smile. 
It was about eleven o’clock when everyone arrived, including Solomon and Ichika. 
“Sha, guess what. I just went shopping at your local market with my hubby just now. There were tons and tons of goods sold there!” 
Ichika seemed to have forgotten all about the fact that she had stood Sasha up that morning when she told the latter about the exciting trip she had just made to the market. 
Solomon was utterly speechless. 
Wendy jumped in. “So that’s where you were, Ms. Minamoto! You’re right; that place is a thrill to visit. You’re a bit late, though. Madam and I already went three or four days ago.” 
“Really?” Ichika was even more excited upon hearing that. 
Wendy smiled. “Of course. Look at all those Christmas lights in the yard, as well as these garlands. We got all these from the market, too. What did you get just now, Ms. Minamoto?” 
Seeing how everyone was kind and tolerant toward Ichika and treated her the same way they would pamper a child, Solomon immediately breathed a sigh of relief.
Looking around, he saw a man in a black windbreaker not far off, fumbling with the Christmas lights on the trees. 
Thus, he placed his mug down and went to him. “You got this as well?” 
“Yeah.” Sebastian did not even bother looking at him as he tried to figure out the lights in his hands. 
However, it was evident that the man who was an expert in areas such as the military, finance, and politics was completely clueless when it came to little things like Christmas lights. 
He looked like an otherworldly being who did not even know the basics of living as an ordinary human being. It amused Solomon a little. 
“Let me,” he said, taking the lights from him. 
They were indeed men from different worlds. The lives they led were completely unlike each other’s as well. 
“I heard you’re all leaving for Jadeborough tomorrow?” Solomon asked. 
“No. We had a change of plans. We’re visiting the Emmanuels instead. You should come along as well,” stated Sebastian in a casual tone. 
The Emmanuels? 
Solomon immediately stopped what he was doing, gazing up at him with a stunned expression. 
“W-What made you suddenly think of doing that?”
Sebastian raised his eyebrows. “I bumped into Brandon earlier. He said his mother is dying soon and requested for us to pay her a visit.” 
Solomon stared at him speechlessly, thinking that Matilda’s anger might actually kill her if she heard them saying that she was dying soon. 
“You guys go ahead, then. I’ll pass. I’m meeting a few friends tomorrow.” 
“Friends? What friends would force you to spend Christmas with them instead of with your family?” snapped Sebastian. 
A blush immediately spread across Solomon’s cheeks all the way to his ears. He had not expected him to expose his lie just like that. 
“I-I…” He struggled to find the right words, but none came to him. 
“You’re simply unwilling to go, aren’t you? Just do it one last time. You could pretend you’re doing it in your father’s place if you want. She’s asking to meet us only because she’s coming to the end of her life and wants to repent her sins. That’s all.” 
Sebastian had his own reasons for doing this. 
Of course, he saw through Matilda and knew she only wanted to do it for her own sake. Despite that, he still chose to grant her the wish, mostly because of the man who had raised him, Frederick Hayes. 
Back then, Sebastian had misunderstood Frederick till the day the latter died. Only after that did he find out the truth. Nobody knew how terrible that felt and how much pain he had to suffer because of that. 
Once, he even spent an entire night before his grave for no other reason other than to repent and atone for his wrongdoings.
However, it was too late. The person who had raised him, cared for him, and whom he had pushed away was dead. He had no chance at atonement anymore. 
Thus, now that Frederick’s sister wanted such a chance, he was willing to hand it to her—for the sake of his father. 
Solomon remained silent. 
After a long while, he finally nodded and mumbled something inaudible in response. 
Sebastian assumed that as a yes. 
By the time they finished fixing the Christmas lights, lunch was about to begin as well. They went to wash their hands before the meal started. 
“By the way, since tonight’s Christmas eve, we’ll be having a prayer session at the Hayes residence. You’d better be prepared,” said Sebastian. 
“Huh?!” The shock sent a jolt throughout Solomon’s body. 
A prayer session, and at the Hayes residence, which I’d never stepped foot in before?
###Chapter 1440
Chapter 1440
Chapter 1440 Warmth 
The Hayeses had their lunch at Frontier Bay in the afternoon before returning to Hayes Residence for the preparation. 
It was New Year’s Eve, and the Hayes family considered it the most momentous day of the year. Everyone would be thrilled to make the evening banquet incredibly lavish. 
Sasha stayed behind as she still had to clean up. She also noticed Ichika eagerly following her as though she wanted to say something. 
“Ichika, what’s wrong? Is something going on?” 
“Sasha, I… I want to invite everyone over to my house for breakfast tomorrow morning. I wonder if it’s okay?” Ichika murmured in hesitation. 
Breakfast? Why not? That’s a great idea! 
“Definitely! Look, we had lunch at my home today, and we’ll be having dinner at the Hayes residence. So it would be great to have breakfast at your home. Taking turns visiting each family would be a great idea! We are a big family, after all,” Sasha agreed without hesitation.
###Chapter 1441
Chapter 1441
Chapter 1441 Heritage 
That night, not only did Solomon and Ichika arrive late, Sebastian and Sasha from Frontier Bay were also late for the New Year’s Eve banquet at the Hayes Residence. 
In the end, the Hayeses could only wait. 
By the time they arrived, it was almost eight. Saul hurriedly instructed to serve the roast beef, wine and other delicacies prepared earlier. 
“Sebastian, let’s go to the attic.” 
“Okay.” 
Sebastian, who was in an especially good mood, nodded and glanced behind him. 
Solomon, who was also watching next to him, understood and followed behind him. 
The memorial hall of the Hayeses was forbidden to most people. Back when Frederick was around, only one member of each family from Frederick and his two brothers could enter. It was a rule passed down by the forefathers of the Hayes family. 
Saul brought the two of them to the attic. 
“Let’s wash our hands first,” he said while looking toward the wooden basin outside the attic.
Sebastian, who was used to it, casually wetted his hands in the water and entered the attic. Solomon had a look at him and cleaned his hands thoroughly in the water. 
As they walked in, they could see portrait paintings hanging all over the walls on the memorial hall and the place was already illuminated by candles. There was an oil lamp on the table in the middle of the hall and there were also candle racks. 
Solomon stopped in his steps as he wasn’t used to it; he had never been to this place since childhood. 
He felt a sudden sense of belonging but was nervous and unsettling at the same time. It felt as though a wandering soul that stumbled upon a sacred church. 
Shortly, the two of them inside noticed him dazing off. 
“Come, Solomon,” Saul called out to him. 
Solomon quickly moved his feet and hurried in. 
He received the candle and lit it. Under Saul’s directions, the two of them placed the candles in one of the racks on the table. 
Saul walked over to the side and stood in front of a portrait. “Grandpa, Dad, Uncle, it’s New Year’s Eve today, and we’re all back to see you. This is Sebastian, and that is Solomon.” 
Sebastian grew up in this household, and he went through this process every year. Thus, he was unconcerned by what Saul was murmuring. 
Solomon’s gaze flickered as he heard such a grand introduction of himself, and suddenly, his sight focused at the corner of the portrait next to the one Saul was facing. 
Frederick Hayes!
“Uncle, aren’t you happy? I brought your son here today. Don’t worry. He’s doing great. He even got married, and his wife, Ichika, is right outside,” Saul added. 
Since it was the first time his cousin came here, Saul deliberately focused the topic on Solomon. 
Solomon clenched his fist again. 
“Are we done? I’m hungry,” Sebastian asked. 
Saul was speechless. He couldn’t help but smile bitterly. Huh, after so many years, his temper has not changed at all. 
Saul looked at the portrait for a while and got ready to leave the memorial hall. 
However, Sebastian, who walked first, suddenly stumbled his feet as if he tripped on something. He lost his balance and dropped down on his knees. 
Both Saul and Solomon were shocked by the scene. 
The position that Sebastian landed his knees on was where Solomon was standing just now, and it was directly in front of Frederick’s portrait. 
Shit! 
Sebastian’s temper started to race. The veins on his forehead started twitching. 
“What do you want, shitty old man? I am here, and you still got angry at me?” 
“Ahem…” Saul rushed to him and quickly pulled him up. 
“No, no. Uncle would never be angry at you. It’s all my fault. This place is not brightly lit. I’m sorry.”
He had to quickly soothe him, or he might get angry. 
On the other hand, Solomon remained silent because he noticed the candle on the table flared up for a second there as if it got furious. However, he might just be seeing things. 
Soon, the candlelight burned brighter as Saul pulled Sebastian up. 
Why would Frederick be angry at him? 
Back when Ken threatened him, the enemy threatened him with his life. However, he did not let him succeed. Instead, he sacrificed his own life in order to protect Sebastian. Therefore, Frederick couldn’t be angry at him. 
Even if there was something, he might just be pulling a prank on him for staying at the Jadeson residence for two years without coming home. 
He even nearly lost his life. 
Solomon took a last look at the brightly lit candle and left the attic.
###Chapter 1442
Chapter 1442
Chapter 1442 Have A Baby 
That night, the Hayes residence finally returned to its former liveliness. 
Apart from Sabrina, who was married and living away, everyone was present. Thus, the men drank to their heart’s content, and the women chattered happily throughout the night. 
However, when the feast was over, everyone was dumbfounded. 
“Sebastian, where are you going?” 
Sebastian looked like his usual self. Even when he stood up, he maintained his usual noble composure of a president. After hearing the question, he suddenly got irritated and asked while frowning. “Where’s Sasha?” 
Everyone was stunned! 
My god, is he… drunk? 
That was the first time everyone witnessed him in a drunken state. 
The air became tense—no one had ever seen Sebastian bring drunk. 
In fact, he had always been an extremely self-disciplined man.
“Oh, Sasha went to pick up the kids. She will be back soon,” Saul responded. 
“What?” Sebastian got even more fired up as soon as he heard Saul. 
“How can she leave halfway? We’re not done making love yet.” 
The Hayes residence fell into silence within a second. 
Watching a man who has never been drunk in his life getting drunk was simply terrifying! 
Fortunately, Sasha came back just in time. After witnessing the scene, she blushed and rushed over to cover his mouth. 
“What are you rambling about, Sebastian? You’re drunk. Let’s go home.” 
“What for? You haven’t finished making your pastries. I even bought the pastry flour for you. I want to eat it. You cannot leave now.” 
Once again, the house fell into deep silence. 
But this time, everyone’s mind was in the gutter. They just lowered their heads and scratched their feet. 
Only Solomon, who was on the other side of the table, stood up and staggered toward them. 
“Pastries? I know how to make them. Let’s go, I’ll make them for you.” 
“Why would I want you? You’re not my wife. By the way, I bought a projector. You go and set it up and let everyone sing to some music. I will go make pastries with my wife while you guys sing.” 
Then, he finally stood up and immediately forced himself on Sasha. If it weren’t for the fact that Saul was standing there, she might have already fallen flat on the floor.
“Sasha, he’s drunk. How about I take him to bed? My wife had already prepared the bedroom, and it’s still the room that you used to sleep in.” Saul suggested while supporting Sebastian, who couldn’t stand by himself. 
Sasha could only do as told. 
Thus, Sebastian was brought to bed before the fireworks. 
However, the banquet was still going on, and another person was still drunk. 
“Darling, you’re drunk.” 
“No, I’m not!” 
Solomon, fumbling around to look for the projector, refused to admit it. 
What was even more surprising was his drunken behavior. Compared to his usual mild-mannered self, he seemed to turn into a completely different person when drunk. 
“Go get the projector!” 
“Also, call everyone to sit over here! I’m going to sing now.” 
Then, he took a fork to the patio in the yard and sang at the top of his voice. “I would hold the hand of the one that can take me places-” 
(From singer, Jane French’s “Breathe”) 
Everyone was stunned. 
But soon, Ichika, who was a misfit, to begin with, and was known to act out of the norm, perceived that as a unique atmosphere instead.
Thus, she happily joined her husband to sing. 
“I would hold the hand of the one that can take me places-” 
She even sang in her mother tongue. But surprisingly, she was able to keep up with Solomon’s rhythm, and they sang in harmony. 
What an amazing couple! 
As a result, everyone participated and sang together under their influence, transforming the night into a lively atmosphere, especially when Saul was surprised to find that there was really a projector in the room. He took out and set up the projector, making the Hayes residence livelier than ever. 
The night finally calmed down when Solomon was worn out and had dozed off. Saul carried him back to the room with Ichika following close behind. 
“Thank you, Saul.” 
“Come on. We’re a family. Please stay the night. This is your home too, so don’t be shy.” Saul encouraged Ichika to treat the Hayes residence as her home as the elder brother. 
As expected, Ichika was moved by his words. 
After Saul left the room, Ichika brought some hot water to wash the face and feet of her drunken husband. 
The husband she saw that night was the wildest she had ever seen. She pondered upon the possibility that it might be Solomon’s genuine behavior, but his miserable childhood and life experience caused him to suppress that side of him. 
Then, she gently climbed on the bed with a warm towel in her hand.
“Darling, let me wipe your face.” 
She delicately removed his glasses and prepared to wipe his face. 
But the drunken Solomon suddenly opened his eyes when she touched him while taking off his glasses. 
“Ichika, let’s have a baby.” 
“Huh?” 
With her head positioned directly above Solomon’s face, Ichika looked at him in disbelief. 
###Chapter 1443
Chapter 1443
Chapter 1443 Overprotective 
Have… a baby? 
Ichika was frightened by his sudden request to the point her face turned red. 
“Darling, you-” 
“I love the feeling of being surrounded by family members and I feel very happy. I don’t want to go back to that lonely place. It’s cold and dark.” Solomon explained. 
As he spoke, tears began to pool in his eyes. 
Ichika was stunned. All of a sudden, she felt a sharp pain in her chest, as though something stabbed her in the heart, and the pain gradually spread all over her body. 
“No, Darling. We will not go back there.” Ichika tightly clasped his giant palms with her tiny hands and hurriedly responded. 
She knew he wasn’t sober. 
He was still drunk. 
Otherwise, a person like him with a stoic character would never shed tears.
Ichika put down the towel in her hand. She endured the stabbing pain in her heart, held his face, and leaned forward. 
In an instant, her soft and pink lips sealed his breath that reeks of alcohol. 
Boom! 
His pupils suddenly widened! 
A flame started to glow from deep within his eyes. 
On the night of New Year’s Eve, the whole place was filled with the sound of fireworks. Although it was still snowing and cold in the courtyard of the Hayes residence, the romantic atmosphere filled a few rooms and it felt like spring. At the same time, the sounds of heavy breathing and panting resounded relentlessly from time to time. 
It was a night of unending intimacy and a good way to start the new year. 
Because at this moment, when Saul was about to go back, he noticed the lily in the garden, which didn’t bloom for a long time, started to blossom in the pond. 
“It can’t be. Isn’t it dead already?” 
“No. There’s even a flower bud. It may be at full bloom tomorrow.” Saul smiled happily, exposing his big white teeth. 
That night, everyone had a good night’s sleep. 
The next morning, Ichika set the alarm clock because she had to prepare for the breakfast party at the Hillside Villa. Thus, the alarm went off at the crack of dawn. 
Ring! Ring! Ring!
Solomon finally opened his eyes. 
When his vision came to focus, he looked at the top of the bed carved with flowers and the drapes in confusion. He couldn’t remember where he was. 
Where am I and what happened? 
He had no recollection of anything until the blaring sound of the alarm clock woke Ichika, who had slept on him all night, started to move. When he felt her soft body, he suddenly shuddered. 
He was now fully awake. 
What the hell! 
“Darling, are you up? Ugh, my body hurts. You really went too far last night.” 
When Ichika’s cat-like coquettish complaints resounded in his ear, he was still holding onto her, and he couldn’t help but feel a tingle in his heart. 
Also, his nether region seemed to have reacted a bit. 
“Darling, you-” Ichika felt it as well. She was startled, and she became completely awake. She raised her tiny head from his chest and stared at him with her round black eyes. 
Solomon couldn’t say a word. He could only awkwardly look away. 
“I’m going to take a shower. Then, I’ll bring you some medicine and clothes.” He lifted Ichika off his body and got off the bed with his face flushed red. 
Under the warm blankets, Ichika blinked her wide round eyes as she watched her husband leave the bed.
He seems to be embarrassed again. 
She thought of his unhinged moments last night. At that moment, although her lower body was hurting, she smiled happily. 
“Darling, we didn’t use that last night.” 
“That?” Solomon turned his head around with a bathrobe in his hand. 
What he saw was the little girl lying there, showing a cunning expression. 
“The advertisement you saw in the newspaper. You didn’t buy it, so you didn’t use it last night. Darling, if I get pregnant, you’d better get ready to be a daddy.” Ichika spoke with an alluring voice that could weaken one’s bones. 
However, her voice didn’t matter. What mattered was what she said. 
Solomon went to the bathroom and stood under the showerhead for a long time, slowly calming himself from being overjoyed. At the same time, beneath the mist in the shower, a smile appeared on his face. 
Soon, the young couple left the Hayes residence. 
Sasha and Sebastian didn’t wake up until eight o’clock. She also had a rough night. 
She wasn’t woken up until everyone from the Hayes residence went to the Hillside Villa. 
“Ugh… Sebastian. What are you doing?” 
While still covered in blankets, Sebastian suddenly carried her off the bed. Sasha was startled awake. She widened her eyes and looked at him in shock. 
However, Sebastian didn’t say a word.
Instead, he carried Sasha to the bathroom, removed the blanket off her body, and put her into the bathtub that was already full of hot water. 
###Chapter 1444
Chapter 1444
Chapter 1444 Can You Come And Help Me 
Sasha remained silent. 
“I put mugworts and wisteria in the bath. You soak for a bit. I’ll get the children to pack up and have Saul bring them over.” 
Then, Sebastian turned on the radiator in the bathroom and left to have the three children go to Solomon’s place first. 
Sasha was completely awake by now. 
The sight of him leaving moved her. She couldn’t help but stop him from going. 
“Darling, did you know you were drunk last night?” 
Sebastian, who was about to step out of the door, stiffened his back. 
Sasha laughed even louder when she saw that. “Darling, you have to be mentally ready. They will definitely have a lot to tell you when we’re at the Hillside Villa.” She called out to her husband again, making him even more embarrassed. 
In fact, Sebastian was already prepared for that. 
He walked back into the bathroom and stood in front of her bathtub. 
“I can choose not to go.” 
“Huh?” Sasha was stunned. 
She raised her head and stared blankly at Sebastian, who was looking back at her condescendingly. 
“Why? We agreed to go there for breakfast.” 
“Having my wife for breakfast is more interesting than just having breakfast. Isn’t this what they would ask? I’ll say that I haven’t had enough of my wife, and I will tell them about it once I have my fill.” 
Then, Sebastian bent down, lifted Sasha’s chin domineeringly with his slender fingers, and kissed her vigorously. 
“Mmm!” 
Da*n it! 
This bast*rd! 
Sasha almost couldn’t breathe. 
Fortunately, Sebastian let go of her before she was about to slip into the water. 
“Do you still want to do it?” 
“No, I don’t want to do it anymore-” Sasha refused as her heart was still racing. 
Isn’t it obvious?
He exploited her all night last night. Actually, it started yesterday afternoon; then, they continued again in the evening. Sebastian became a lunatic when he was drunk; he kept calling out to Sasha and asking for more. 
The fact that she could still move her body in the morning was considered a miracle. 
In the end, Sebastian left obediently. 
About forty minutes later, Sasha finished bathing. She put on the new clothes prepared in the bathroom and came out of the bathroom. The Hayes residence was quiet, and only the two of them were left. 
“Are you ready?” 
Sebastian came into the house with his head topped with snowflakes and asked with concern when he saw her walking out. 
Sasha nodded. “Yes. Is everyone there already?” 
“Yep. I asked Wendy to go and help. Ichika probably couldn’t handle it alone. Alright, it’s time to go now.” Sebastian casually held her small hands that were exposed to the cold air. 
The walk to the gate was just a few minutes away. 
But along the way, Sebastian clasped her hand in his warm fingers until they both got into the car. 
Sasha was warmed to the heart. 
Upon departure, she took out her phone to check on her group chat. After all, there was still the Jadesons and the Wand family. The Wands returned to their home, and her father, Rufus, brought Lance over.
However, she didn’t see any messages in the group chat. Instead, she saw a WhatsApp message from Willow, who had not been in contact for a long time. 
Nancy, will you be coming to the Emmanuel residence at noon today? 
Huh? Nancy replied. 
She stared at the text, stunned. 
While Sebastian was driving, she noticed her expression and asked. “What’s wrong?” 
Sasha turned her head toward him. “Is Willow also at the Emmanuel family?” 
They both fell into silence. 
None of them knew about this. 
However, while indulging in the Jetroinian food that Ichika meticulously prepared at the Hillside Villa, she received a string of text messages from Willow. And she even gave Sasha a phone call. 
“Nancy, why didn’t you reply to my messages? I have been waiting.” 
“Uhm- I’m at Solomon’s house right now. We’re having breakfast. There are many people here, so I haven’t checked my phone.” Sasha hurriedly explained. 
She was indeed busy. 
After arriving at Hillside Villa, although the couple prepared everything, there were just too many people. Furthermore, she was preparing Jetroinian cuisine. 
Thus, even the sisters-in-law of the Hayeses couldn’t help her. So Sasha had to offer help.
After hearing Sasha’s explanation, Willow felt slightly better. 
“Okay. Can you come over right now? I heard Brandon wanted to invite you guys for lunch, and I’m preparing everything alone, and the others won’t help me, and I’m pregnant, and I-” As she spoke, she suddenly cried on the phone. 
Sasha was thunderstruck. 
She’s at the Emmanuel residence? 
And she’s pregnant? What! 
She could no longer treat this as a simple matter. She hung up her phone and quickly ran out to look for Sebastian, building a snowman with their daughter. 
“Sebby, something happened. Willow called and said she’s at the Emmanuel residence. She’s pregnant, and she’s preparing food for us!” 
That was some shocking news for her, so she started rambling as soon as she found Sebastian. 
###Chapter 1445
Chapter 1445
Chapter 1445 She Finally Have Him 
Sebastian’s eyes turned grim as soon as he heard the news. 
“Is she out of her mind?” He summarized his thoughts about the matter in one sentence. 
Sasha sighed. 
“There’s no other way for me to find out. I have to go to the Emmanuel residence right now to see it for myself. She also said that she’s preparing meals for many people, and not a single person in the Emmanuel residence is helping her.” 
Sebastian remained silent for a full five seconds before reluctantly agreeing to Sasha. 
Immediately, the couple set off for the Emmanuel residence. 
At the Emmanuel residence, Willow, who was pregnant for more than seven months, was preparing meals in the kitchen all by herself. At the same time, Brandon’s elder brother’s and sister’s family members were lounging comfortably in the living room, chattering away while munching on mixed nuts. 
Brandon had an elder brother and also an elder sister. 
His elder sister was married into the Graham family and gave birth to a son. She had conflicts with Ian and Matteo back then because of the concert.
His elder brother also got married and had a son. 
However, the two families were sitting idly in the house while Willow, pregnant for seven months, was busy in the kitchen. 
“Seriously. Can she be any slower? We’ve been waiting forever, and I haven’t had breakfast yet.” 
Brandon’s elder sister brought her husband and children over to the house early in the morning, and she got impatient as she hadn’t had breakfast after having mixed nuts for so long. 
Her husband kept quiet. 
Brandon’s eldest sister-in-law took a look at the kitchen and wanted to help. 
However, she was stopped by Brandon’s elder sister, Lyla. 
“What are you doing? Don’t tell me you’re going to help her.” 
“But-” 
“But what? She wanted to marry into the Emmanuel family and got pregnant by seducing my little brother before getting married. And you want to help her? I’m warning you. If you help her, even for a bit, your status in the Emmanuel family will be affected,” Lyla sneered. 
Immediately after she spoke, Willow brought out the pasta she had cooked. 
As she heard those words, she felt as though someone slapped her hard in the face. 
Even her fingers turned white.
This was the result of her putting up with them. 
After Willow served the pasta, she didn’t greet any of them. Instead, she went straight upstairs to look for Brandon. 
“Brandon, are you awake? It’s time for breakfast.” She pushed open the bedroom door and saw Brandon still sound asleep on the bed. 
That was how the first day of the new year used to be in the Emmanuel residence. 
Everyone from the family would be in the house. Brandon’s siblings and in-laws would come over early in the morning with their children. 
However, apart from Mathilda who was not well, the others would sleep and munch on mixed nuts all day. To her, celebrating the first day of the new year in the Emmanuel residence was no different from how she celebrated alone back then. 
Willow sat on the edge of the bed and leaned toward Brandon. However, he didn’t move even after she called out to him twice. 
He was still good looking. 
He had a beautiful face with intricate features. As a person who had been in the entertainment industry for many years and was still regarded as the most handsome man in the industry, his good look was never a question. 
Looking at him now, Willow still admitted that she liked him a lot. 
However, she was surprised that he was still lying in bed indifferently. In a way, he was just like his family downstairs.
“Brandon?” Willow reached out and nudged him again. 
“What is it?” At long last, after nudging him for the last time, he frowned and responded irritably. 
Willow was overjoyed to see him awake. 
“Get up and go downstairs for breakfast. Also, Nancy and her husband are coming soon. Look at you. What if they arrived?” 
Brandon was still trying to gather his thoughts. 
Sebastian? 
He finally opened his eyes and looked at her. 
However, a hint of disgust flashed across his alluring eyes when he saw her bloated belly under her loose clothes. 
“Alright. I get it. Please get out.” 
Willow was dumbfounded. 
After a long time, she got up from the bed and went out. 
Compared to her past, bearing Brandon’s child and being brought into the Emmanuel family was huge progress for her. 
Although she didn’t have a marriage certificate and wasn’t allowed to talk about her relationship with him publicly, she felt like a more successful person than she was before.
But that morning, after she stepped out of that room, she rubbed her sore waist, and a chilling wind blew over her face. Then, she just stood there, unwilling to move. 
It was as though all her enthusiasm and energy were suddenly blown away by the cold wind, leaving her frozen on her feet. 
Suddenly, she didn’t feel like moving. 
Half an hour later, when Sasha and Sebastian arrived at the Emmanuel residence. Willow was in the kitchen, eating a bowl of noodles that had gone cold. 
“Willow, you-” 
Sasha had never seen Willow like this before. Her heart started to squirm when she saw her in such a pitiful state. 
What in the world happened to her? 
Why is she torturing herself like this? 
###Chapter 1446
Chapter 1446
Chapter 1446 Do You Have To Stoop So Low 
Sasha’s eyes were reddened. 
However, this woman was caught napping and immediately put down the bowl in her hands hastily after seeing Sasha. 
“It’s not what you think, Nancy. I have eaten but was still hungry. Well, you know, pregnant women have a larger appetite.” 
Without saying a word, Sasha grazed her fingers against the side of the bowl, eyeing the dirty dishes piled up in the kitchen sink, and rushed out to the living room where Lyla and her husband, Philip and his wife were playing poker. 
Meanwhile, their teenage kids blasted the TV volume and were playing video games. 
Are you kidding? 
It’s New Year’s Day. They’re perfectly capable of doing these simple chores, yet they left it to a pregnant lady? 
Sasha snarled, “What are you doing? Don’t you feel ashamed eating food prepared by a heavily pregnant woman?” 
“Huh?”
Four of them turned in unison to look blankly at her. 
“Sasha? Why are you here so early?” Surprise flashed across Lyla’s face as soon as she realized it was Sasha. 
Am I early? 
Did they actually make a guess as to when I will arrive? 
Sasha was livid and questioned in anger, “I asked what are you guys doing? Didn’t you know there’s a pregnant woman who needs help in the kitchen?” 
“Ah, that.” Lyla glanced in the direction of the kitchen. 
“She volunteered to do it. It’s her first time visiting the Emmanuels, and she probably wanted to make a good impression. Last night she called dibs on making breakfast today, so we let her be.” 
This woman is replying to me casually as if she is in the right. 
Good impression? 
Is she looking down her nose at Willow to say that about her? 
If it was another typical family welcoming their daughter-in-law, they would be doting on her, instead of letting her work her fingers down to the bone in the kitchen, no matter what she said. 
And this insolent woman has the nerve to be so disrespectful? 
Sasha’s fury rose to explosive rage, and she sneered, “Oh, really? Now that I’m here, you should leave a good first impression on me, too. Maybe you’d be gifted a home if I was satisfied.”
“What did you say to me?” Lyla slanted her a dirty look. 
Her husband was a little unhappy and stood up. “Sasha, wasn’t that a little too harsh? We’re still your family. Your words were rather offensive.” 
“Offensive?” Sasha repeated in a near shriek. 
“You understand the meaning of the word ‘offensive,’ then? Think of your wife’s words. All of you agreed that Willow was only putting on a show to make a first impression, and I said I’d gift you a house if you managed to do it too. Tell me, how is that insulting?” 
“You-” 
“All right, all right. Everyone, take a breath and stop arguing. Walk it off, Sasha. We’ll all help Willow.” In the end, Philip compromised and took his wife’s hand, leading her into the kitchen. 
Though her brother had compromised, Lyla stood her ground and flung the cards in her hand on the table. “Whatever. I’m not going. I’ve never served anyone in my life.” 
Just as Sasha was about to erupt in fury again, Sebastian stepped through the door after parking his car. 
He caught the last sentence as he entered, and his expression turned cold. In that instant, the temperature in the living room seemed to drop by a few degrees. 
“S-Sebastian, you’re here,” Phillip stuttered in greeting. Coincidentally, he exited the kitchen and caught sight of Sebastian. 
Sebastian just ignored him.
Instead, he came to a halt in the middle of the living room and quickly assessed the tense situation, taking in his wife who was flushed with anger, and asked, “What’s going on?” 
“Nothing. No one offered us a glass of water at our arrival, so I asked Ms. Emmanuel here to do it. It seems like she isn’t too inclined.” 
“That’s not what happened!” Lyla immediately jumped to her feet as Sebastian’s appearance had sent her into a near panic. 
“No, it’s not what happened, Sebastian. You are both our guests, so how would I ever give you the cold shoulder. I…” she explained frantically. 
Before she could finish, Sebastian had brought his palm on the table, splintering the wood down the whole length of it. 
Following the loud slam, the pile of cards scattered across the ground in a flurry. The air between them charged and grew thick with palpable tension. 
It was too terrifying, and the Emmanuels were stunned into silence. 
A visible tremor ran through Lyla’s body. She immediately wrapped her hands around her head protectively as she took a few involuntary steps backward at the loud outburst. 
“No? The evidence is littered at our feet now, and you’re still denying it? Who would have the gall to sit down and have a card game while their guests have arrived on New Year’s Day? Brandon, the Emmanuel family is screwed!” 
Sebastian lifted his head slowly, his piercing gaze boring through his target at the landing of the staircase. 
It was Brandon.
He had heard the commotion and was making his way down. 
###Chapter 1447
Chapter 1447
Chapter 1447 Let Us Go And Take A Look 
Brandon stilled, like a deer caught in headlights. Sebastian’s words were like a slap to him, and his face went crimson, then paled. 
“It’s my fault, Sebastian. I overslept this morning.” 
Ha… overslept. 
Sebastian barked a sardonic laugh at his response, his mood already soured before his day had barely begun. 
What hope does this family have? 
This is the first day of the year, and they have messed up. The home is a mess, and none of the adults are stepping up to the plate. There is nothing this bunch of loafing family members could achieve with such an attitude. 
Turning his back, Sebastian said curtly to Sasha, “Let’s go.” 
Sasha turned her head to look at Willow, who wore a blank expression and went forward to seize her hand. “Follow me home, Willow.” 
Willow’s gaze flew to the man standing at the stairs, and she started to struggle out of Sasha’s grip. “N- No… I’m not going. It’s New Year’s Day, Nancy. I think it’s best if I stayed here.”
“But…” Sasha almost choked in indignation at her response. 
Why would she stay? Does she think this cold and unsympathetic family constitutes a real home? Did she hit her head on something? Doesn’t she realize the Emmanuels are mistreating her? 
The blunt words slipped out of Sasha in a spark of agitation. “Willow, do you have to stoop so low? It’s dangerous for you to stay here. You’re jeopardizing the baby’s health.” 
All color leached out of Willow’s face in an instant. 
Stooping so low? Yeah, I guess I am demeaning myself. 
Willow stood frozen without moving a muscle like a statue until Sebastian pulled her so-called best friend away and out of the house. 
With Sebastian gone, Lyla promptly returned to her old self and spat venomously, “It is all your fault for ruining our morning, you b*tch!” 
Her husband snorted coldly in agreement. 
Willow’s fingers tightened further into a fist. 
“Enough! Everybody, get out of my house!” Brandon roared from the landing. The feast he had put so much effort into was botched by his family, and anger finally took over, leading him to kick everyone out. 
Willow’s head snapped up, and a ray of hope glimmered faintly in her eyes as she stared at him. 
On their way to Hillside Villa, Sasha was fuming in anger over the incident with Willow. However, under the layer of anger was heartache and worry for her friend.
“Judging by the look of things now, I’m sure things would worsen after she gives birth to her baby. The Emmanuels are all pain in the ass! Brandon is ostentatious with no real substance. He’s almost thirty, for God’s sake, and he’s acting like a thirteen-year-old. What will happen to her in the future?” 
She repeated her laments a few times, and Sebastian’s brows furrowed as his fingers gripped the wheel. 
“There’s no point in worrying. She’s stubborn and wouldn’t give up easily. She will never heed your words.” 
“But-” 
“Well, she’s a part of the Emmanuel family now, and you’re only a stone’s throw away from her. You could always visit her anytime you want,” Sebastian assured her. 
He would never give Willow, that foolish chit, a second thought if he were the man he used to be. 
You reap what you sow! 
Sasha blew out a relieved breath at his reassuring words. When they arrived at Hillside Villa, she informed Solomon not to head to the Emmanuel residence. 
“What happened?” came his stunned reply. 
Sasha ranted, disgruntled, “I don’t even want to talk about it. Willow is getting on my nerves. She’s seven months pregnant, but she was laboring in the kitchen like a servant. I asked her to come home with me, but she refused.” 
Her anger toward Willow renewed itself at his question. 
Willow was their friend whom they had met in Clear.
Furthermore, when Solomon fell ill, Willow was the only one whom he allowed to take care of him. Hence, Sasha felt it was more suitable to discuss this predicament with him. 
As expected, his eyes clouded, and his brows furrowed upon hearing her answer. 
“She’s too headstrong. I’ve warned her about this before, and still, she ended up in this situation.” 
“She’s a fool!” Sasha growled. 
Sasha and Sebastian stayed for a bit at Hillside Villa before having to leave to catch a flight to Jadeborough in the afternoon. 
Before they left, she urged Solomon, “Please keep tabs on Willow. The situation was really bad today. Besides, she’s pregnant. Once you’re free, could you visit her?” 
“Sure, leave it to me,” Solomon promised readily. 
Only then did Sasha leave in peace. 
Ichika had been keeping her ears open to their conversation. Once the guests left, and she had tidied up the house, she went to Solomon to clear up her confusion.
###Chapter 1448
Chapter 1448
Chapter 1448 Has She Missed Something 
“Darling, who is this Willow you and Sha were talking about? Did something happen to her?” 
“Yeah, we knew her from our time in Clear. She’s currently expecting and is in the Emmanuel residence. Nancy went there this morning to check on her.” 
Solomon didn’t try to hide the truth, opting to tell her about Willow’s relationship with them and her current situation. 
What could be so bad, now that she’s pregnant? 
Bless Ichika’s kind heart. Her face was instantly drawn with worry. 
“Let’s head there now, Darling. She’s pregnant, and Sha said the Emmanuels are up to no good. What if something happens to her?” 
This has nothing to do with her, yet she’s concerned about Willow as if Willow is her family. Clutching a broom in his hand, Solomon felt his heart squeeze with a sweet ache as he gazed down at Ichika. 
What a naive little girl. 
After Sebastian and Sasha flew to Jadeborough, Solomon drove to the Emmanuel residence that night. 
He never planned to step foot inside, so he only gave Willow a call so she could come out, and he would see for himself that she was okay. 
Just as his car pulled to a stop, he heard a loud bang from inside the villa, followed by a woman sobbing. 
Willow? 
Solomon’s face hardened, and he bolted out of the car, hearing an angry bellowing from the living room as he reached the front door. “You dare to cry when you ruined lunch today? Do you know how much effort it took for us to get Sebastian here? You have wrecked everything, and you’re crying?” 
It was an older woman’s voice, and the weeping was very clearly coming from Willow. 
Solomon sprinted in and caught sight of a matronly woman in a wheelchair raising a cane in the air, about to bring it down on Willow’s face, who was cradling her bulging midriff protectively. 
He reached Willow in a flash and pulled her behind him, shielding her from the imminent blow. 
Matilda demanded, “Who are you? Who let you in here?” 
Instead of answering her, Solomon turned to ask the woman behind him, “Are you okay?” 
Willow’s entire body was stinging with red welts. His question triggered her dam of emotions, and she broke down, collapsing in his arms and wailing, “Solomon… t-They are all bullying me.” 
Her face was a mess of tears and snot, looking very much like a child. 
Solomon remained stonily silent, taking a long moment to swallow the ball of rage in his throat. 
Then, his hand reached out to pat Willow’s back reassuringly.
Solomon? 
Matilda perked up at that name, and her aggressive expression shifted while studying the young man in front of her. 
“You’re Solomon? My brother’s son?” 
“Yes.” 
“I see.” In a blink, Matilda’s mood turned amiable. 
“Come, have a seat. What would you like? Water? Tea? I’ll have someone get it for you.” 
She pivoted, about to call on a servant to serve him. 
However, Solomon had seen the heinous side of her and despised her. 
Hence, he declined her offer curtly, “No need. I’m taking Willow with me tonight.” 
“What?” 
Matilda was dumbfounded. “You’re taking her away? Why? My son brought her back, and she’s pregnant with a baby of the Emmanuel family’s bloodline.” 
“Yeah? So why are you treating her like this? Matilda, you said she’s carrying your son’s child, but take a look at what you have done to her. Is that what a mother-in-law should do?” 
Seething, he swept his hand in a wide arc, gesturing at the mess on the floor, and settled his gaze pointedly on the cane in Matilda’s hand. 
She turned beet red with outrage.
With a scowl on her face, she pinned Solomon with a stare, and her temper rose again. “That’s because she’s shameless and has loose virtue just like your mother.” 
“You-” 
Solomon’s pupils shrank, and a blast of violence unleashed from him, so vehement that Willow snapped to attention, and her hand shot out to grab him. 
“Calm down, Solomon. Fine, I’ll go with you right now. I’m not staying here anymore. Don’t do anything rash.” 
A pregnant Willow had to then hauled him out of the villa. 
Only then did Matilda realize her nephew was looking at her as if he wanted to tear her limb from limb, and that thought sent a cold chill down her spine. 
Her face drained of all color. 
It’s over. 
Here’s to saying goodbye to ever having a cordial relationship with the Hayes family, be it familial, power, or monetary connections… let alone favors. 
That night, Willow was safely brought to Hillside Villa by Solomon. 
“You should take a shower, Willow. I’ve prepared a room for you.” Ichika scampered around the house, attending to her needs. 
Fresh out of the shower, the sight that greeted Willow sent her reeling. 
The man who had only shown affection to Sasha was tame and meek in the presence of the girl, and his gaze was warm and indulgent.
Willow froze in her tracks, pain lancing her heart. 
###Chapter 1449
Chapter 1449
Chapter 1449 She Was Like His Sister 
It was such a heartwarming scene. 
Solomon, who had a bad time at the Emmanuels’, was drinking wine downstairs. Ichika saw that and ran to his side. 
“Darling, do you want to have some yogurt? I made it myself. It’s delicious.” 
“No, thanks.” 
Solomon was indeed in a foul mood, as he rejected her right away. 
Ichika, however, ignored his response, ran into the kitchen, and took out the self-made yogurt from the fridge. 
“Darling, let me tell you something. We will feel angry because our body secretes dopamine, and yogurt can regulate it. Especially yogurt made by your wife.” 
Upon saying that, she took a spoon and stirred the yogurt while approaching Solomon. 
Willow, who was upstairs, froze. 
She had never witnessed such a scene.
As far as she could remember, Solomon had been obsessed with Sasha. Thus, no other woman could get close to him all these years. 
She had never thought she would witness what was happening right at this moment. 
“Is it?” 
She was left bewildered under the dim light when Solomon opened his mouth and ate the yogurt fed by Ichika. 
And after he swallowed it, his lips curled into a satisfied smile. 
Willow was thunderstruck. 
She stood unmoving at the end of the stairs, holding a big towel in her hands until Ichika noticed her. 
“Willow, are you done taking a shower? Do you want some yogurt? I’ll get it for you.” 
A bright and passionate smile hung on Ichika’s lips. 
Just then, Solomon shifted his gaze toward Willow as well. 
He saw the latter standing there like a fool, with her protruding belly. He put down the cup in his hand and rose from his seat. 
“Yeah, do you want to get something to eat? The weather is cold now. You should keep warm since you’re pregnant.” Solomon expressed his care when he noticed the thin bathrobe on her. 
Willow was rendered speechless. 
At that instance, she felt as though she was being stabbed in the heart with a knife. The pain felt so real that she covered her face and cradled her belly.
“Willow?” Ichika was startled. 
Right then, Willow started bawling her eyes out. 
She grabbed onto the handrail of the stairs and squatted there. Tears the size of beads rolled down her cheeks, and her heartbreaking cries echoed through the space. 
Ichika was stunned by that. 
She wanted to walk up to Willow, but Solomon grabbed her hand. 
“Darling?” 
“Leave her alone for a while. She’d been staying with that inhuman family all this time and must be having a hard time. Just give her some space to pour out her emotions,” Solomon explained to Ichika. 
That was indeed his true thoughts. 
When he first joined the Emmanuel family, he could not believe how terrible she was being treated. 
He could not even imagine how she managed to survive. Why would she do all that for a man who didn’t love her? 
In the end, Solomon did not disturb Willow. 
The only thing he did was turn up the heater of the villa by a few degrees. 
Eventually, Willow became exhausted from crying. She curled into a ball and slept on the floor. Only then did Solomon come out of his room. 
“Darling, I’ll go make her bed.”
Ichika came out as well. 
Upon hearing that, Solomon nodded slightly. 
The couple carried Willow into the bedroom and tucked her into bed. Before leaving, Solomon cast a final glance at the latter, making sure she was all right. 
Switching off the light, the two of them left the room. 
Unbeknownst to them, the moment they closed the door, Willow, who was lying in bed, opened her eyes. 
She stared at the ceiling in the darkness, her eyes still brimming with tears. If there were some light, one would notice that her face was utterly pale. 
Her complexion was even more awful than when she was with the Emmanuel family. 
What exactly am I doing? What did I miss all these years? 
That night, Willow did not sleep at all. 
The following day, Ichika went to the market early to buy some meat. As there was a pregnant woman at home, she planned to cook some healthy stew for Willow. 
Solomon woke up early too. 
After freshening up, he glanced at his wristwatch and went to the bedroom on the second floor. 
He treated Willow like his sister, as he did not have any close family members in Clear, and they had known each other for a long time.
Regardless of when he fell sick or when he was in Jetroina, he would always ask her to stay by his side. 
It proved that he treated her like a family. 
“Willow, are you awake?” 
He knocked on her door gently. 
“Mmm…” 
A hoarse voice came from inside, followed by some noises. Then, with a click, the door opened, and out came Willow in her pajamas.
###Chapter 1450
Chapter 1450
Chapter 1450 Ridiculous 
Solomon frowned the moment he saw her. 
“Didn’t sleep well last night?” 
Willow kept silent. 
She did not feel like answering that question at all. 
She looked at Solomon despondently, her eyes red with exhaustion, then adverted her eyes. 
“Solomon, I want to go back.” 
“What did you say?” 
Solomon almost lost his calm when he heard such a cowardly statement from Willow. 
“Go back? Willow, can you stop being a coward? Why would you want to go back to such a place? Do you want to let them torture you to death?” 
Solomon seldom shouted at Willow, but this time was an exception. 
The color drained from Willow’s face, but her gaze was extraordinarily firm.
“But my baby belongs to that family. The father of my baby is there. I should go back.” 
“You…” 
Solomon was beyond exasperated upon hearing that. 
However, he did not have a choice, as he was only her friend. If she had made up her mind, he figured he had no right to stop her. 
With that, Solomon walked out of the room. 
After hearing about it, Ichika, who had come back from the market, hesitated for a moment while cooking in the kitchen before shifting her gaze toward Willow. 
“Willow, are you really going back there? I heard from Solomon that they mistreated you. Can you not go back?” she pleaded, as she was too worried. 
Willow, who was beating the eggs, turned around and stared at her. 
What a cute face. Even though she’s not exactly a real beauty, her moist eyes are like spring in the desert. Her gaze looks so pure and clean. So, it’s not that no woman can’t win his heart. It’s just that he didn’t meet the right one. 
A moment later, Willow looked elsewhere 
“Ichika, could you tell how did you win Solomon’s heart? He used to be a heartless man.” 
“Huh?” 
Ichika blushed upon hearing Willow mentioning that. 
“I did nothing… I merely waited for him patiently.”
“Waited for him?” 
Ichika nodded. “Yes, I know Solomon has been through a lot, which made him unable to trust anyone anymore and lock himself up in his lonely world. So I could only wait patiently. Fortunately, I was able to wait it out.” 
Ichika did not hide anything from Willow probably because the latter was a close friend of her husband. 
Willow was momentarily stunned. 
She did not respond, as Ichika’s words kept playing in her mind. 
He suffered so much that he lost his trust in others. How could I not notice this after being by his side for so many years? I used to think he wouldn’t fancy any other woman besides Sasha. 
With that, Willow went back to the Emmanuel residence. 
The whole house was deadly quiet. After Sebastian had created a fuss, followed by Solomon’s episode, the atmosphere was utterly solemn. 
Willow wandered around the whole villa but did not see anyone. 
“You’re back? Madam was hospitalized last night and everyone had gone over.” 
Finally, she ran into a housemaid, but the latter seemed somewhat displeased to see her. 
Hospitalized? 
Willow’s expression darkened. Without delay, she left the house, wanting to go to the hospital.
However, the housemaid opened her mouth again. “Ms. Fischer, Madam has given her instruction. If you come back, don’t go to visit her at the hospital. She doesn’t want to see you.” 
Willow stopped in her tracks. 
In the end, she could only return to her bedroom. 
She stayed inside her room for the whole day. Still, not one of the Emmanuels came back. She only ate a few biscuits when she was hungry. 
“Willow, how are you doing? Did they bully you over there?” Ichika had called to check up on her. 
“No,” Willow replied while chewing on the biscuit. 
In the evening, Brandon, who had gone to participate in a recording, finally came back. He had not had the chance to go to the hospital. After reaching home, he immediately rushed to the bedroom to get changed. 
At that instant, he spotted Willow sitting decadently on the bed, her hair extremely messy. 
“Why are you still here? Are you not going to the hospital? My mom got ill because of you.” 
Brandon flew into a rage. 
He had been having a hard time recently. Because of the woman, he was feeling helpless and, at the same time, exhausted. 
He had been suppressing a lot of wrath within him. 
Willow simply stared at him.
He was in such a hurry that he did not even take off the accessories on him nor clean the hairspray on his hair. 
He looked utterly miserable and disheveled. 
At that moment, guilt and remorse slowly replaced the resignation and anticipation that used to fill her eyes.
###Chapter 1451
Chapter 1451
Chapter 1451 No Way Out 
“Brandon, I’m sorry.” 
“What?” 
Brandon, who was getting changed, could not wrap his head around what he just heard. 
Willow continued to stare at him quietly. “I mean, I’m sorry for making your life a mess this past year.” 
Brandon was confused. 
Is there something wrong with her brain? Or is she trying to torture me with her new move? 
Brandon retracted his gaze and said, “All right. Just stop messing around and stay here and get some rest if you want to.” 
He was about to leave after getting changed, but Willow stopped him again. 
“Brandon, I’ve made an appointment with the doctor, and the surgery can be done tomorrow. I’ll go back to Clear after that. I promise I won’t disturb you anymore.” 
Her tone was utterly cold and emotionless.
Brandon finally halted his feet and turned around. He seemed utterly displeased as their eyes met. 
“What are you talking about, Willow? What is this madness again?” 
“I’m not mad. I couldn’t be soberer after all these years. Brandon, it was all my fault. I shouldn’t have come into your life back then. I’m sorry for ruining your life. I hope you’ll go back to being that bright young man after I disappear from your life.” 
Willow looked out the window, her expression utterly calm. 
Brandon froze. 
After a moment, he walked slowly toward Willow. 
“What’s wrong with you? Did you become dumb after getting scolded by my mom? What do you mean by making an appointment with the doctor? Are you planning to abort the child?” 
He looked down at Willow’s belly while speaking. 
Did I hear it wrong? Isn’t that what she meant? She’s planning to abort the seven-month-old baby, isn’t she? 
His shoulders heaved as he tried to suppress his rage. 
However, Willow’s next sentence made him even more pissed. 
“Yes, I don’t want the baby anymore. In fact, it’s not even yours. I just wanted to be with you back then, so I went for in vitro fertilization. In fact, we’ve never had sex.” 
At once, silence engulfed the room. 
She’s truly mad!
Brandon’s eyes were scarlet. After coming to his senses, he smashed everything in the room and disappeared. 
It was already the following day when Solomon heard about the news. By that time, Willow had already arrived at the hospital. 
“Willow, are you really crazy? Do you need me to hire a psychologist to check on you? Are you aware of what you are doing? Do you know how insane this is?” Solomon exploded when he finally found Willow. 
Willow burst into tears, behaving just like last time when Solomon picked her up from the Emmanuel residence. 
She would never hide her true feelings from him. 
“Yes, I’m crazy. I don’t even know what I’m doing. What have I done all these years? I’m even disgusted with my existence right now. Do you know what I’m saying?” 
She bawled her eyes out, completely losing control. 
Solomon calmed himself down and took Willow away forcefully. 
He could never allow her to abort a seven-month-old infant. 
Soon, the news reached Sasha, who was in Jadeborough. She was so livid that she scolded on the phone, “Willow, what exactly are you doing? Are you nuts?” 
There was a long silence before Willow’s voice was heard. 
“Nancy, I was wrong.”
“Huh?” Sasha was dazed. “What do you mean?” She thought Willow was reflecting on her misbehavior over the years. 
Willow’s mind seemed to have wandered off again as she stood at the balcony of Hillside Villa and looked at Solomon and Ichika who were mowing the lawn in the garden. 
“Everything’s wrong!” she exclaimed. 
In the end, Solomon had to force Willow to stay with him. And since that day, Brandon did not show himself again. 
Half a month went by. Before Solomon headed back to the office, he especially reminded Ichika to keep an eye on Willow. 
Ichika obeyed him entirely as she accompanied Willow the whole time. 
“Willow, what would you like to eat? I’ll go get it for you.” 
“I would like to go for a walk. Will that be okay?” Willow made a request. 
However, Ichika rejected her without hesitation upon remembering what Solomon had instructed. 
“Solomon said you can’t go out. Don’t worry. I’ll bring you anywhere you like after the child is born, okay?” Ichika tried to comfort Willow. 
Willow did not respond. 
After a long while, when Ichika was about to go out, she heard Willow uttering as she walked past the garden. “I think it’s best if you let me go. Or else your family will be in danger.” 
“What?”
Ichika turned around right away. She looked at Willow in bewilderment and broke out in a cold sweat.
###Chapter 1452
Chapter 1452
Chapter 1452 Simply Jealous Of Her 
“W-Why?” Ichika paled in fright, as she could not understand what Willow was implying. 
Willow’s lips curled into a sneer after she saw Ichika’s panicked expression. 
“Why? Because I’m not happy seeing you guys so in love while I’m suffering here. I used to be close with your husband. Everything you’re doing for him now is what I did for him.” 
Ichika’s eyes widened in disbelief. 
Willow seemed to have turned into a totally different person. 
“Look at you. You’re getting ready to buy some groceries. That’s what I used to do all the time. I used to cook and wait for him to come back. I even ironed his clothes and cleaned the house. Whenever I got bullied, I would hug him and cling to him. But now, you’ve replaced me. Don’t you think I’ll be jealous?” Willow spoke non-stop like a madwoman. 
The color drained from Ichika’s face, her eyes filled with terror. 
Hold on a second. What exactly does she mean? How could she be jealous of me? She’s Darling’s friend. How could she be offended by our intimate relationship? 
Ichika could not believe what she was hearing.
Insecurities began filling her heart as she looked at the neurotic woman in front of her. 
“So, I advise you to let me go right now before you regret it!” Willow threatened her once again. 
Ichika blanched. She recoiled in fear like a helpless, na?ve child. 
Only someone as pure-hearted as Ichika could melt the heart of a man like Solomon. 
At that thought, Willow turned around and walked away, wanting to pack her stuff. 
But just then, Ichika suddenly opened her mouth. “I won’t let you go. I don’t believe you’re someone like this. If you wanted to destroy us, you would have done it already. Why would you tell me about it?” 
Willow stopped in her track, her hand grabbing the door frame trembling slightly. 
So she’s not a fool… 
Willow bit her lip hard until it almost bled. 
“Willow, I know you want to go find Brandon. It’s all right. If you want to meet him, I’ll find him and get him to come over. Just stay here and take care of the baby, okay?” 
“No!” Willow finally responded as she spat out those words through gritted teeth. 
Nevertheless, Ichika ignored her reaction. 
She thought she had read through Willow’s mind. She instructed the housemaids to take care of Willow while she departed confidently to find Brandon. 
She was not a fool, but it would be the dumbest decision she had ever made.
In the end, Willow went back to her room and did not come out for the whole afternoon. 
Around dinner time, she heard the housemaid answering the phone downstairs. 
“Ms. Minamoto? She’s not back yet.” 
“Where did she go?” 
“I heard she told Ms. Fischer that she would go find the baby’s father this morning. Ms. Fischer has been feeling upset, and they got into a fight this morning.” 
She went to look for Brandon? 
Solomon, who was about to get off work, was momentarily stunned upon hearing that. 
As he thought of the Emmanuels, he thought of that malicious old woman. 
Without hesitation, Solomon dashed out of his office. 
Meanwhile, at Hillside Villa, Willow’s expression changed after she heard what the housemaid said on the phone. Immediately, she went down the stairs. 
“Is she not back yet?” 
“What? Oh, not yet, Ms. Fischer. It’s been a whole day,” the housemaid replied. 
Willow blanched. 
Did something happen to Ichika? 
She began to panic as she instructed the housemaid right away, “Get the car ready. We’ll look for her together. Brandon is a celebrity. I fear there will be a lot of crazy fans around him.”
“What?” The housemaid was shocked. 
A few minutes later, the two headed out. 
However, they did not head to the Emmanuel residence but to the filming site. 
In this aspect, Willow was indeed more experienced than Solomon. After being with Brandon for so many years, she knew well about his lifestyle. A celebrity like him would always have a tight schedule no matter the occasion. 
Thus, she was not worried about the Emmanuels at all. 
She was more worried if Ichika would get into trouble at the chaotic filming site. 
After half an hour, they arrived at Jewel Stadium. As expected, the place was crowded with people. Based on the fan signs and Brandon’s photos that those people were holding, without a doubt, they were all his fans. 
###Chapter 1453
Chapter 1453
Chapter 1453 Go Find Brandon Again 
The housemaid asked, “Ms. Fischer, what should we do? There are so many people here.” 
Willow replied, “It’s fine. Let’s enter from the side door.” 
After giving the instruction, she took out her phone to send a message. 
Willow: Ms. Jones, I’m Willow. Is Brandon in there? I need to talk to him. 
This was her usual way of getting in touch with Brandon. 
She had to go through his manager whenever she wanted to find him. 
After sending the text, Willow stared at her phone. 
Fortunately, the manager replied in the blink of an eye. 
Ellie: Brandon is rehearsing now. He has a show tonight. What’s up? 
Willow: It’s urgent. A young lady went to find him. Please help me look for her and send her out. 
Willow attached Ichika’s photo after that.
However, right after she sent the photo, the manager started to ridicule her. 
Ellie: Ms. Fischer, what do you mean by this? Is it not enough for you alone to pester Brandon? And now you’re getting one more person to trouble him? Please know that there’s a limit to everything. 
Willow did not reply. 
Ellie: Ms. Fischer, here’s a reminder. If you want Brandon to stay safe, and if you don’t want your kid to grow up without a father in the future, please leave now. If those fans recognize you, they’ll kill you! 
Ellie’s last sentence sounded cruel, yet true. 
In the entertainment industry, if a woman were found pregnant with a celebrity’s child, the celebrity’s reputation would be completely ruined. 
Willow turned off her phone, then took out a lipstick from her handbag. 
The housemaid could not wrap her head around it. “Ms. Fischer, what are you doing?” 
Willow replied casually, “Wait here. I’ll go find her.” 
Upon saying that, Willow looked into the mirror and retouched her makeup. After that, she opened the door and left. 
It had been a long time since she had put on her makeup, as Brandon said he did not favor women who wore heavy makeup. 
However, she had made an exception today just to find Ichika. 
“Excuse me. Please make way.”
“Huh? Why is there a pregnant woman in such a place? Madam, there’s a lot of people here. You shouldn’t be here.” 
The fans who were cheering madly were bewildered to see a beautiful pregnant woman. 
Even though they were somewhat displeased, they gave way to Willow eventually. 
Willow smiled and walked toward the side door of the stadium. 
To find Brandon on such an occasion, she had no choice but to head to the back of the stage. Not only that, she would need to find a staff who recognized her. 
After a moment, Willow managed to get there. 
She spotted Ichika dealing with the crews. 
“I really know him. Please let me in. I’ve got something urgent to talk to him.” 
“That’s enough, young lady. You’ve been here for over two hours. We’ll call the cops if you don’t leave now.” 
The crews had lost their patience with this stubborn lady as they started using their hands to push her. 
Willow immediately walked over and grabbed Ichika. 
“What are you guys doing? How could you use violence?” 
It was the first time Willow had spoken so domineeringly. 
Those crews recognized her right away and were stunned by her beautiful makeup. 
“Ms. Fischer?”
However, Willow ignored them entirely as she locked her eyes on Ichika. 
Ichika uttered, “Willow, why are you here? I’m sorry. I didn’t manage to get it done.” 
Her face was filled with astonishment, and then guilt. 
Willow shifted her gaze elsewhere. 
“Go home. Solomon is looking for you. I’ll go talk to Brandon myself.” 
“Really?” Ichika’s eyes lit up. 
However, when she saw the crowd outside and the stubborn crew who refused to let her in, she furrowed her brows. 
“No way. I can’t leave. Willow, you go in and talk to him. I’ll wait for you outside. It’s too dangerous here. I can’t leave you alone.” 
Ichika insisted on staying there. 
Finally, a wave of fury rose within Willow’s heart as she cut Ichika a glare. 
“I said I don’t need your help. Don’t you understand? This is my family’s business, so I’ll handle it myself. Why do you care so much?” 
Ichika’s face flushed red with embarrassment. 
She was merely concerned about Willow’s safety in such a crowded place. 
Feeling aggrieved, she did not dare to make any further request. With that, she turned around and left.
After Ichika walked away, those crew members thought Willow wanted to go in. But as they noticed her big belly, they stopped her.
###Chapter 1454
Chapter 1454
Chapter 1454 Home 
“Ms. Fischer, we can’t let you in. Your current status—” 
“I’m not going in!” Willow cut them off. 
The crew members were dumbfounded. 
Is she not going in? She used to pester Brandon all the time. Why isn’t she going in now? 
They could not believe it, but indeed, Willow had left right after saying that. Her gaze was icy as though she were a different person. 
Two hours later, Brandon finally finished his performance and came down from the stage. 
Ellie saw that the performance was a big success. She grew a heart and told Brandon that Willow had come to find him. 
“What did you say? She came to find me?” 
Brandon, who was removing his makeup, turned to Ellie right away. 
Ellie nodded. “Yes, you were rehearsing at that time. I feared people might find out, so I asked her to leave.”
Ellie’s eyes were tinged with a hint of resentment when she mentioned Willow. 
Not only her, but the entire crew, including Brandon himself, had had enough of Willow. 
However, today, after hearing what Ellie said, Brandon suddenly grabbed her phone. 
He scrolled through her phone and found the text Willow had sent to Ellie. Without hesitation, he took out his phone and called Ellie. 
“The number you have dialed is unavailable.” The robotic voice traveled through the phone. 
Did she turn off her phone? 
Brandon furrowed his brows slightly. 
He checked the phone as he thought he had dialed the wrong number. From what he knew, Willow would never turn off her phone. 
Seeing that the number he dialed was correct, he made another call, but it was the same automated message that he heard. 
What’s going on? 
He clenched his fists tightly. In the end, he gave Solomon a call. 
“Hello?” 
The call went through this time. 
Brandon asked right away, “Where’s Willow?” 
Willow?
Solomon had picked up Ichika by then, and the two of them had just arrived home. He raised his eyebrows upon answering the call. “Why would you ask me about Willow? Didn’t she go to find you?” 
Brandon replied, “No, I didn’t see her. And please tell her not to find me anymore. I have nothing to do with her from now on!” 
He wanted to hang up the phone after that, but Solomon had finally lost his patience as he said, “Nothing? How could you say that? She’s pregnant with your child!” 
“My child? Don’t you know? That’s not my baby. She told me that she got an IVF just to pester me and marry me!” 
Brandon, too, had lost his calm. 
The conversation fell into dead silence. 
How could this be? 
Solomon was left in utter befuddlement when Brandon hung up on him. 
That night, Brandon did not take any action at all. Instead, Solomon was the one who had dispatched everyone from SteelFort to look for Willow. 
However, after searching through every possible location throughout the night, Willow was still nowhere to be found. 
She had disappeared without any sign. 
By the time Sasha heard the news and came from Jadeborough, it was already three days later. 
As soon as she touched down, she went looking for Willow.
Unfortunately, two months had passed. Still, no one had seen Willow. 
Her baby should be born by then. 
Sasha had drained all of her energy to search for Willow. 
Sebastian was pissed upon seeing that, but he could only comfort her. “All right. Stop worrying about her. She’s not a kid. It’s been two months already. Maybe she’s hiding somewhere to give birth to the child.” 
His gaze was utterly gloomy as he spoke. 
Not only Solomon, but even Sebastian had failed to track down Willow during these two months. 
It was as though she had vanished into thin air. 
Sasha had slimmed down a lot, and her face looked extremely pale. 
“Where could she possibly hide? Her parents are not around anymore. And she’s been alone all those years in Clear. There’s nowhere for her to go.” 
Sasha’s eyes swelled with tears as she spoke. 
Sebastian felt heartbroken. 
Just when his mood was at its worst, someone came in. 
“Sir, there are two cops outside. They’re here for Mrs. Hayes.” 
Sasha lifted her head in confusion. 
Sebastian had no clue what was happening as well.
A few minutes later, the two cops came into the living room and handed a photo to Sasha. 
“Mrs. Hayes, do you know this woman?” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha took the photo hesitantly. 
As her gaze shifted toward the photo, her entire body froze. 
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Hayes. This woman died at the psychiatric hospital. The person in charge found out later that she was not a patient of the hospital. I heard that she suffered from severe depression, but she didn’t take the medication to protect her baby. Later, when she gave birth, she experienced serious hallucinations, and she cut her belly open with a scalpel and took out the baby.” 
Upon saying that, the cop passed over a report. 
Sebastian was stunned by then, too. 
The woman in the photo was none other than Willow. 
Thud! 
Sasha fainted right away and collapsed to the floor. 
###Chapter 1455
Chapter 1455
Chapter 1455 I Was So Wrong 
Nancy, if you’re reading this letter, I’m probably no longer in this world. 
I’m sorry for saying goodbye like this. I am in so much pain. Many times when I regained consciousness, I would find myself holding a piece of glass, or my arms would be full of needle holes. Nancy, I’m sick. So I came to the psychiatric hospital, hoping that they could cure me. 
But turns out, it is useless. Brandon used to appear in my mind when I fell asleep. But now, it’s Solomon. 
Nancy, I’m really crazy. 
I don’t know what I’ve done these few years. I used to be obsessed with Brandon deeply. But after I saw Solomon take Ichika home, I realized I could not be bothered regardless of how badly Brandon had treated me. 
But instead, I am upset seeing Solomon being so in love with Ichika. It feels as though a thousand needles are stabbing through my heart. I even wanted to destroy their relationship and drive Ichika away. 
Nancy, am I scary? Am I a shameless person? 
Yes, even I can’t accept myself.
So, I chose to leave you guys. Maybe it’s because I have a terrible marriage with Brandon. I got jealous when I saw Solomon and Ichika being so happy. After I left Brandon and went back to my own life, I figured everything would be fine. 
But, Nancy, it didn’t work out. 
The sufferings didn’t stop but got worse. When I locked myself up in the psychiatric hospital these two months, I felt like dying. I kept thinking about those days back in Clear, and I’m desperate to go back to that time. Back then, I could eat at your place after getting off work. And whenever I got into trouble, I could find Solomon shamelessly. 
Nancy, I finally understand. I’m like a kid who got spoiled by you two. I’m not the youngest among us, but because the two of you are too outstanding and because of your care, I became someone who only knew how to create troubles. No matter how many mistakes I made, you guys would always tolerate me. 
You guys are like my family. 
But this time, after what happened with Brandon, everything’s gone. 
I can’t be like before anymore. I can’t cry in your arms and I can’t find Solomon as I want and live in his house as if it is my home. 
I can’t anymore. 
Nancy, how did I end up like this? 
Ichika said that Solomon has suffered too much. He needed someone who could be patient with him. Indeed, that was what I failed to do after being by his side for so many years.
In fact, I’ve never thought of it that way. 
Nancy, I’ve always thought that he would never love another woman besides you. 
Tears welled up in Sasha’s eyes as she read the long letter, and the glass in her hand fell to the floor. 
Instantly, the glass shattered upon impact. 
Sebastian, who was outside, rushed in after hearing the noise. 
“Are you all right?” 
After a long while, Sasha lifted her head and stared at Sebastian, her eyes moist with tears. 
“So, she means she’s been in love with Solomon all this while?” 
“Yes.” 
Sebastian had read the email, so he nodded right away when Sasha asked the question. 
Upon hearing that, Sasha began bawling her eyes out. 
“Then… why didn’t she tell me? She never mentioned it all those years. Then why did she go to find Brandon? Was she out of her mind? Surely Solomon would have responded to her if she had said something.” 
Sebastian fell silent. 
No one will be able to answer these questions. Was she crazy? Nope, I doubt so. Even if she had been honest with her true feelings, Solomon would not be moved. Don’t forget that Ichika could win Solomon’s heart because she resembled Sasha in some ways. Thus, it would be useless even if
Willow confessed to him. Instead, she might have lost him if she did. Even though Willow was likely aware of that truth, it seemed that she had failed to cope with it, especially since she was in a terrible state with Brandon. That was the last straw that crushed her spirit. 
“Stop crying. You can only blame her for being too dumb. Let’s get ready and go get her child back, okay?” 
In the end, Sebastian chose not to reveal the truth. 
He sat by the bed and gently wiped the tears off Sasha’s face. 
But when Sasha heard him mention the child, she burst into tears again. 
###Chapter 1456
Chapter 1456
Chapter 1456 Natalie George 
“After we get it back, what then? Do we give it to Brandon? He didn’t even try to look for Willow. I don’t think he would want the child.” 
“No. Brandon thought the child was not his. Willow deliberately told him that it was a test-tube baby before she left. That’s why Brandon didn’t try to contact her,” Sebastian explained. 
Sasha stopped crying as she was dumbstruck. 
She’s really mad! 
Half an hour later, the couple did what the letter requested and departed. They did not tell Brandon about it. And all Solomon knew was that Willow had passed away due to complications during childbirth. 
“Was she nuts? She knew she was pregnant, but why did she still want to move around? She wanted to end her life, didn’t she?” 
Solomon was beyond exasperated after finding out the news. 
Ichika did not dare to utter a word. 
Only when Solomon had smashed several things in the house and slumped on the couch did Ichika walk over to him.
“Darling, don’t be sad. Willow had suffered too much. Maybe that’s why she chose this path. When we went to the concert that day, I saw those guards stopping her from seeing Brandon. Darling—” 
“All right. I need some time alone,” Solomon cut her off in a hoarse voice. 
Looking at Solomon’s red eyes, Ichika walked out of the room hesitantly. 
It was the first time she had ever seen him like this. 
It looks like Willow matters a lot to him. If I had known about this, I wouldn’t have left her behind. If I had kept her company, she wouldn’t have ended up like this. 
For the whole day, Ichika had sat on the staircase outside. 
Two days later, it was finally Willow’s funeral. She would be buried at the best cemetery in Avenport. 
Sasha had been down in dumps these few days. If it were not for the baby back at home who needed her care, she would have broken down by now. 
“Mommy, is this girl Ms. Fischer’s child?” 
Vivian came over and saw the baby in Sasha’s embrace. 
Sasha nodded slightly, her face awfully pale. “Yes.” 
Vivian touched the baby’s face gently and asked, “So will she stay with us from now on? Mommy, am I going to have a sister?” 
Vivian was still a kid, after all. Even though she was sad when she found out that Willow, who used to accompany them, had passed away, she became happy after seeing the baby.
Indeed, a new birth represented the continuation of life. 
That afternoon, Sasha had been sitting in the hanging garden on the second floor, staring at the baby girl until someone appeared outside the villa in the evening. 
It turned out it was not Sebastian but Solomon, who had not visited for a long time. 
“Nancy…” he called her name as soon as he spotted her in the garden. 
Sasha, who was in a daze, turned around after a long while. 
There is only one person left who will call me Nancy. The three of us used to be so close. And now, there are only two of us left. 
“What are doing you here? Is the funeral over?” 
She stared at Solomon, who was wearing a black suit with a white flower in front of his chest. The next moment, she shifted her gaze back to the baby in her embrace. 
Indeed, Solomon had attended Willow’s funeral that afternoon. 
In fact, he had been busy with this matter for the past two days. And because there were many things to deal with at the company, Sebastian had become the main leader for the time being. 
Solomon stood in front of Sasha and observed her gently. “Nancy, you look tired. You should take care of yourself.” 
“I know…” 
Solomon looked at the baby in her arms.
Like Sasha, upon taking a closer look, he, too, was stunned. 
She looks just like her mother. Look at those double eyelids, her tall nose, and those thin pink lips. Indeed, she has inherited the beauty of her mother perfectly. 
“Isn’t she pretty?” 
“She is!” 
Solomon took off his glasses and looked elsewhere. 
After they both recollected themselves, Solomon wore back his glasses and sat beside Sasha. 
“Nancy, what are you going to do with this child? Are you going to give her to Brandon?” 
“You know the child belongs to Brandon?” 
Sasha looked at him in surprise. 
Solomon nodded. “Of course. Even though Willow tended to mess around, she knew her limit. She’d probably said all that to piss Brandon off. She wanted him to stop thinking about her.” 
“Yeah,” Sasha agreed, then looked at the baby again.
###Chapter 1457
Chapter 1457
Chapter 1457 Start Over 
Yes. That was Willow’s purpose. 
After understanding her own heart, Willow had felt a great deal of guilt for Brandon. She had regretted pestering Brandon for so many years and ruining his perfect life. 
Thus, her last wish was to let Brandon have his life back. 
Solomon asked again, “So what do you plan to do with this child? Are you going to raise her?” 
“Yes,” Sasha replied without any hesitation. 
Solomon moved closer to Sasha. 
“Nancy, how about… I raise the child?” 
“What?” Sasha’s eyes rounded. “You want to raise the child?” 
“Yes. I have no kid, and Ichika is still young. You’ve already got three kids. Plus, your health is not well. Ian will go to the base soon and Sebastian will most probably take over the Jadesons’ business. You’ll be taking care of two kids while managing the Jadeson residence. You will be fully occupied. I think it is better to let the baby stay with me,” Solomon said, analyzing the whole situation to her patiently. 
It was evident that he had discussed with Sebastian before saying all that. If not, he would not have known Sebastian’s next plan. 
Sasha remained silent. 
It’s indeed a good arrangement, but the baby… 
She lowered her head and looked at the baby again. 
“Don’t worry. She’s just staying with me. She still belongs to our two families. You can come anytime you want to see her, or wherever you want to take care of her for a few days,” Solomon added upon sensing Sasha’s reluctance. 
Finally, Sasha nodded and agreed. 
“Let Ichika take care of her, then. If she doesn’t know how to do it, I’ll ask Wendy to go over and teach her for a few days.” 
“Okay,” Solomon said steadfastly as he held the baby carefully in his arms. 
Still, he seemed a little stumped. 
After all, it was his first time holding such a little baby. 
However, as he felt the baby’s warmth in his arms and looked at her rosy cheeks, he felt as though a part of him had been revived. 
“Nancy, shall we give her a name?” 
“Sure. What would you like to call her?” 
“Natalie. Natalie George. How does that sound?”
After the baby got taken away, Sasha cried for a long time. 
When Sebastian came home and saw her teary eyes, his expression darkened. 
“He took the baby away today?” 
“Yes, Mr. Hayes. I’m packing my stuff to go over to Mr. Solomon’s place. Mrs. Hayes said that Ms. Minamoto has never taken care of a baby before, so she wants me to go there and teach her.” 
Wendy could sense Sebastian’s foul mood, but she could only put on a brave front and reply to the former. 
As expected, Sebastian’s face had scrunched up. 
Even though I suggested so, I didn’t mean now. 
He went up the stairs and saw Sasha weeping alone in the garden at first glance. 
“Darling…” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha immediately wiped off her tears after hearing Sebastian’s voice. She straightened her back and forced a smile. 
“You came back. Have you settled everything?” 
“Yes. It’s arranged by the institute directly, so you don’t have to worry about his safety. Plus, there will be many brilliant kids coming from all over the country. Ian will have a great time with them.” 
He took out the other kids’ profiles as he spoke.
Sasha cleared her mind and began focusing on her son’s matter. 
It will be good for Ian to mix around with children of his age. That way, I don’t have to worry about him feeling lonely. 
That night, upon learning about the arrangement, Ian, who had turned twelve this year, also gladly agreed to it. 
Hence, the couple began packing for Ian, while Matteo and Vivian spent the entire night chatting with Ian. The following day, the staff from the institute came to fetch him. 
With that, Ian had officially started a new journey in his life. 
After Ian left, Sebastian, who had taken a break for nearly a year, finally returned to Oceanic Estate, just as Solomon had mentioned. 
Due to the catastrophe a year ago, the national treasury had not recovered its vitality since then. In addition to the explosion at the base not long ago, the White House had been in a terrible state. 
Thus, he bore a huge responsibility this time, not to earn money for the Jadesons, but because the hopes of the national treasury rested on him. 
Even though it was already March, the weather in Jadeborough was not as warm as in Avenport. As soon as Sasha got off the plane, she got into a fit of coughing due to the cold wind. 
Upon seeing that, Sebastian immediately pulled her toward him and wrapped her in his coat. 
“Are you still cold?” 
“Not anymore.” 
Sasha smiled as she leaned against Sebastian’s warm embrace.
Her face was still somewhat pale. 
###Chapter 1458
Chapter 1458
Chapter 1458 Greed 
Sasha and Sebastian had officially settled down in Oceanic Estate from that day onward. 
Vivian and Matteo had moved in with them as well. 
They were already twelve years old, so it was time for them to attend junior high and choose a new school. 
Thus, Sebastian had decided to let them move over with them. 
Jonathan had enthusiastically listed out all the best schools in Jadeborough for them to choose. While Matteo was okay with it, Vivian was not interested in any of them, as she was obsessed with fashion and jewelry design. 
Sasha could not help but wonder, “She’s not thinking about attending an art school, is she?” 
“What?” Sebastian asked. 
Only then did Sasha tell him about the conversation she had with the other mothers back in Avenport during a parent-teacher conference. 
In fact, she had already contacted those ladies, as their kids went to an art academy specializing in jewelry design.
Jonathan, who had a conventional mindset, was reluctant for his great-granddaughter to learn such a thing. 
“Isn’t it great to go to a normal school? She can enter a good university in the future and be successful in the future.” 
“My child doesn’t need to be that successful.” 
Sebastian did not respect Jonathan’s opinion at all. 
As such, Jonathan held his tongue. 
When Devin came home and heard them discussing the matter, he supported Vivian’s preference as well. 
He said, “If that’s the case, then send her to the school she likes. I remember Edmund saying that he knows the principal of Royal Academy in Yartran. If Vivi wants to, she can give it a try. It’s the enrolment period right now.” 
“Really? That’s a great school!” 
Sasha’s eyes lit up as soon as she heard that. 
The school was mentioned frequently in the ladies’ group chat, as it was the dream school of most of them. 
Unfortunately, no one was qualified to enter the school. 
Of course, Sebastian knew about that particular school as well, and he did not show any ion.
Vivian, who had been waiting outside, overheard the excellent news and leaped in joy. 
“Okay, I’ll go to that school. Mommy, let me tell my best friend about this.” 
Upon saying that, Vivian took her tablet and contacted her friend. 
All the adults were amused by her reaction. 
Just as they thought the matter was settled, Vivian suddenly showed up around evening, her eyes brimming with tears. 
“Mommy, can I bring Elaine with me? She’s sad after hearing that I am leaving for a place so far away. She’s been crying for the whole day.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was dumbfounded. 
Elaine? That’s a little unrealistic, isn’t it? We’re talking about going overseas and entering a new school here. 
Sasha knelt before Vivian and began explaining patiently, “Vivi, we are going to a new school. It’s not like the time when you invited them to our place for fun back in Frontier Bay.” 
Vivian responded, “I know that. I’ve told Elaine about it. But she said her mom said they were okay with it if we would take her there.” 
Sasha did not know how to respond. 
What’s going on? 
That night, Sasha told Sebastian about it when they were lying in bed.
“Do you think the kid’s parents did it deliberately?” 
“Obviously,” Sebastian, who was reading a book, replied casually. 
The two of them did not further discuss the matter after that, as they thought it was unnecessary. 
A few days later, when Edmund came to take Vivian to meet his friend from school, Vivian suddenly pulled a long face. She was unwilling to go. 
“I’m not going…” 
“What?” 
Everyone in the room was bewildered. 
Not going? Isn’t that her dream school? 
Sasha bent down and asked gently, “What’s wrong? Vivi, why aren’t you willing to go all of a sudden?” 
“Mommy, Elaine, and the rest all went to Blossom Art Academy. I have no more good friends. I don’t want to study anymore, and I don’t want to learn jewelry design anymore. Let me go to school together with Matt.” 
Vivian sat down despondently. 
Sasha and Sebastian were lost for words. 
After a long while, they eventually asked Edmund to leave first. Sebastian then grabbed Vivian’s phone and began scrolling through it.
Indeed, Vivian was the most innocent child. Her two brothers had been protecting her since she was young, and she had a kind heart. 
She would not know even if someone was trying to trick her most of the time. 
After reading through all her messages with her friends, Sebastian put the phone down and signaled Sasha to contact Elaine’s parents right away. 
A few minutes later, Sasha made the call. 
“Hello, is this Elaine’s mother?” 
“Yes. Who am I speaking to?” 
The other party sounded nervous when she answered the call.
###Chapter 1459
Chapter 1459
Chapter 1459 The Life Of A Mother 
Sasha pretended not to notice her nervousness. “I’m Vivian Hayes’ mother. I’m calling to ask about your daughter. I heard from Vivian that Elaine also wants to go to Royal Academy in Yartran. Is that right?” 
“What? There’s no such thing. We wouldn’t even dare to imagine going to that place.” 
“If she wants to go, maybe we can help get a place for her. But you’ll have to find a way to pay the expenses. So what do you think?” 
Sasha cut to the chase. 
Her offer was indeed an act of grace. No one would be able to get into that school without any connection, regardless of how rich they might be. 
There was silence on the other end of the line. They were most probably discussing among themselves. 
Sasha waited patiently for the sake of her own daughter. 
Yet, to her surprise, Elaine’s mother responded after a while, “It must be expensive to go to such a school. Our family is unlikely—”
“Then I’m sorry. Please stop inciting the other kids to ostracize my daughter, then. If I find out about it again, I won’t let this slide.” 
Sasha hung up the phone mercilessly after saying that. 
For the sake of Vivian, they had been tolerating more than they usually would. 
To persuade Vivian to go to the school, Sebastian had brought in a kid that night. 
“Vivi, come and have a look. This is the boy Great-grandpa found in the rural area. He was supposed to go to the base with Ian, but he could not endure the pressure due to his health. So I’m thinking of letting him go with you to that school. Can you take him with you?” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian, who was soft-hearted, shifted her gaze toward the little boy right away. 
In truth, he was not that little. He was merely two years younger than her. 
However, he had not opened his mouth at all ever since he came in. He had been standing there silently, staring at Vivian nervously. He looked slightly weak, but his facial features were extraordinarily delicate. 
“If he doesn’t go with me, what then?” 
“Then he’ll be sent back. People are impoverished over there. His health is not good because his mother didn’t eat well when she was pregnant with him,” Sebastian told Vivian the truth. 
As expected, Vivian could not bear to see that happen.
“All right, then. I’ll take him with me.” 
With that, Vivian walked over to that little boy. 
“What’s your name? I’m Vivian Hayes.” She grabbed his hand naturally and greeted him. 
The little boy’s face flushed red. 
He lowered his head and uttered after a long while, “Kurt.” 
Seeing that the two kids were starting to chat, Sasha and Sebastian felt relieved. With that, they turned around and went upstairs. 
Sasha whispered on their way up, “What a simple name.” 
Sebastian responded casually, “Well, I guess that’s what they get for being born in a rural area.” 
Finally, the matter was settled. 
Three days later, Edmund and Devin brought the two kids and departed. 
At first, Edmund had intended to take the kids by himself, but Devin found it hard to trust him. Thus, the latter had rearranged his schedule to join them. 
By then, Vivian had gotten along well with Kurt. 
“Kurt, let’s go. We’re leaving now.” 
She grabbed his hand without any sense of shyness. 
Sasha noticed the boy was still awkward when Vivian held his hand.
With that, the two kids got into the car. 
To be able to get chosen to come to Jadeborough, it was evident that Kurt possessed a high IQ. 
Sasha was satisfied with such an arrangement. 
However, around forty minutes later, they received a message sent by Devin. The latter said that they saw Elaine at the airport. 
It turned out her parents had sent her there as well. 
Sasha was speechless. She was totally enraged. 
Thereafter, Devin sent them a photo. Vivian was hugging Elaine tightly in the picture. Sasha was left with no choice but to agree with it. 
Thus, Vivian got two companies to attend the school with her. 
After Vivian was gone, there was only Matteo left in the house. With that, the couple was able to focus on their works. Sebastian had started taking over the economy of the country, while Sasha was in charge of everything with the Jadesons. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina, who was in Red Pavilion, was focused on raising her child. 
After all, Jaena was not even three years old. 
Whenever she was bored, she would chat with Ichika, who was in Avenport. 
###Chapter 1460
Chapter 1460
Chapter 1460 What Are You Looking At 
Ichika had also become a mother recently. 
Ichika: Sab, it’s been a few days since Nat pooped. What should I do? Wendy says it’s because milk powder is too heaty and asks me to make something else for her instead. 
Sabrina: What? She’s only a baby. There isn’t much food she can eat. I think it’s probably constipation. Some probiotics will work. 
Ichika: Huh? 
Sabrina then went on and sent her various brands of probiotics in the group. 
While their chat continued, the majority of the members in the group were not participating in it. Solomon was occupied with work since it was the busiest period for the company. At such time, he would not even have time for a sip of water, let alone engaged in the chat. 
Likewise, Devin had no time as he was busy training new soldiers like every other year. 
Like the other two, there was not too much difference for Sebastian. Even Sasha had not seen him for several days. 
Eventually, only Sasha joined in the conversation between Ichika and Sabrina.
Sasha: Right, I think giving her some probiotics will work. Oh yeah, Ichika. Can you snap a few photos of Nat and share them here? Has she grown bigger? 
Ichika: Yeah, she’s adorable. Let me show you. 
Following the reply, she captured a series of shots of the little one. 
The two-month-old had indeed grown a lot bigger and had even learned babbling and cooing while lying on her bed. 
Sasha put away the ledger in her hand and clicked open a video Ichika sent. She watched the clip closely and only turned it off when the rims of her eyes began swelling with tears. 
This child indeed resembles Willow. 
Nonetheless, anyone who had paid close attention to the child will find that her traits were beginning to grow more alike to her father’s. The pair of double eyelids she inherited from her mother had now gradually become more like her father’s narrow almond eyes. 
Huh… 
Sasha let out a sigh and continued on her work. 
Meanwhile, Ichika put the baby in the stroller and got ready to take her to the mall. She wanted to buy some probiotics after learning about the benefits from Sabrina and Sasha. 
“Darling, I’ll make a trip to the mall with Nat. She’s probably suffering from constipation which is why she hasn’t been pooping. Sab says some probiotics will help.” 
She was afraid that Solomon would be worried and hence gave him a call before leaving for the mall.
As for Solomon, it appeared that he was always ready to answer Ichika’s calls too. He had never missed her calls, regardless of whether it was during a meeting or entertaining clients. 
“Are you alone? Do you want me to send someone over to help you out?” 
“No need. I’m just going to the mall near our house. Don’t worry. I’ll text you when I arrive.” 
Ichika’s soft voice sounded from the phone’s speaker, leaving the crowd in the meeting room in envy and awe. 
She was truly the beloved wife of a president of a corporation. 
Ichika then took the child along and headed out. 
The mall was part of a new development zone of a project under Hayes Corporation. Since it was relatively new, the operational department of the corporation had been going all out with its publicity stunts, including all sorts of promotional events. 
When Ichika arrived, she saw the mall entrance well-decorated with attractive and extravagant ornaments, with numerous floral stands on each side. 
Is there perhaps a newly opened store here? 
Excited, she eagerly pushed the stroller into the mall. 
She was, after all, only twenty years old. It was no wonder she would always be seeking constant entertainment and fun. 
As she stepped in, she saw a jewelry store open for business. Numerous advertising posters were all around, and the shop assistants were very enthusiastic in greeting the crowd. 
“Miss, would you like to take a look at our jewelry inside?”
“Oh?” 
Realizing it was jewelry, Ichika instantly lost her interest simply because she had plenty of those. 
She was even wearing a giant diamond ring Solomon gifted her on her finger at that point. 
Just as she was about to push the stroller away, a shop assistant shifted her glance to the baby in the stroller and suddenly asked, “What a lovely baby. Madam, would you like to get her a gold pendant? It’ll work like a lucky charm for the little one.” 
“Really?” 
Those words had attracted Ichika’s attention that she instantly stopped in her tracks. 
Perhaps because of her guilt toward the baby’s mother, keeping the child safe was a top priority for Ichika more than anyone else. 
In the end, she took the child with her and followed the assistant into the store. 
As she already had a purchase intention, it did not take too long before she laid her eyes on a beautiful gold pendant at the display counter. Following that, she carried the baby up from the stroller with the help rendered by the shop assistant and got ready for a try-on. 
“This child is so adorable. Just look at that pair of beautiful-looking eyes. I’m sure she’ll be a beauty when she grows up.” 
“Yeah.” 
The crowd was in awe. 
Hearing those compliments for the child, Ichika was, of course, extremely happy about it.
What she did not anticipate was at the same time, another small group of people, with a man with blonde hair within them, entered the store. Seeing the crowd inside the store, the man instinctively swept his gaze toward that direction. 
At one glance, he had his gazes fixed! 
“Brandon?” 
Behind him, Ellie quickly came up to give him a nudge as she was afraid he would cause congestion for his sudden pause. 
However, he still stood rooted to the ground. 
Ellie was rendered speechless by his lack of response. 
Tracing Brandon’s line of sight, she noticed that he was staring at a child trying on a jewelry piece. 
Wait, those features on that child… 
“Brandon?” 
Ellie’s expression suddenly changed.
###Chapter 1461
Chapter 1461
Chapter 1461 Brandon Is Here 
In the end, Ellie had to drag Brandon out of the store. 
She did not want the crowd, which had gathered to steal a glimpse of the adorable baby, to notice Brandon’s presence as that would only cause an uproar and congestion in there. 
And she knew that alone was enough to tarnish Brandon’s image. 
In the end, Brandon could only watch that baby slowly vanish within his vision. 
Is there something wrong with my eyes? Why does that kid have such an uncanny resemblance to that woman? 
After getting pulled out of the store, he was taken to the building’s penthouse suite to get changed for an upcoming event at the mall downstairs shortly after. 
However, upon arrival at the suite, he headed into the makeup room alone and locked himself in there for a very long time. He refused to open the door regardless of how hard the staff tried knocking on his door to ask him out. 
Sensing that something was amiss, Ellie tried to get in contact with him from the outside. 
Beep, beep, beep…
After several consecutive calls, the man inside the room finally answered the call. 
“Brandon, what exactly are you doing? The event is starting soon. Why are you hiding in there without getting changed or putting on makeup? What is this all about?” 
At the thought of how time was running out, Ellie immediately urged him when the call got through. 
Yet, Brandon did not open the door. After several seconds of silence, he grimly muttered, “Where is Willow? I’ve asked you to help me look for her. Why don’t you have any updates?” 
His manager was stung by his words that her expression changed at once. 
Why did he suddenly bring up this woman? I thought he hasn’t mentioned her for some time now? 
Countless thoughts ran through Ellie’s mind before she finally answered, “Haven’t I told you? I couldn’t find her whereabouts. Can we talk about this another time, Brandon? Let’s get over with this event first, alright? We’ll leave everything for later.” 
At this point, she had already given up and was begging for his cooperation. 
Eventually, Brandon did come out of the room and attended the event. Despite so, he left right after the event ended. 
That evening, at Hillside Villa, Ichika, who was at home taking care of the child, heard the doorbell ring. 
“Did Mr. Solomon forget to bring his keys?” 
Wendy walked over to open the door as she said that.
After Sasha and Sebastian left for Jadeborough, they had left Wendy behind to help Solomon and Ichika out since both of them had no experience taking care of such small baby. 
Wendy opened the door. 
“Mr. Emmanuel?” 
Seeing the man before her, she froze in shock. 
On the other hand, Brandon did not answer. Instead, he removed his sunglasses and cast his gaze toward the inside of the house. 
“Where’s the child?” 
“What are you talking about?” 
Wendy felt her heart skip a beat upon hearing that. 
Having served Sasha for so many years, it was no surprise that she knew this matter. As such, a sense of foreboding grew within her as soon as she saw who was at the door. 
On the contrary, Brandon was not bothered about her and looked up toward the balcony on the second floor instead. 
Upon spotting some baby clothes left outside to dry, his immediate reaction was to push Wendy aside and barge into the house. 
“Mr. Emmanuel, what are you doing?” Wendy blanched in horror and hurriedly tried to stop Brandon at his pace. 
Of course, there was no way a woman like her could stop a young man like him. It took him no time before he got into the living room in the villa.
“Nat, look what Mommy has prepared for you.” 
“Ah… Mmm… Woo…” 
Accompanying a young lady’s gentle voice was a baby’s coos. Following the trail where the voices sounded, Brandon saw a lady in casual clothing leaning against the edge of the couch, coaxing a tiny baby lying on it. 
Brandon’s mind went blank. 
Earlier at the jewelry store, he could not see the child clearly as he was a distance away, and besides, she was too tiny for him to spot her intricate features. 
But now, at such close distance, he could finally look at her clearly. 
Oh, she looks like an exact replicate of that woman. That small yet pretty-looking face, small pinkish lips… Even the way she smiles resembles that woman… 
Stumped, Brandon stood by the door as he stared at the little one. 
“W-Why are you here?” 
Right then, Ichika finally noticed the man’s presence and hurriedly carried the baby up from the couch, looking flustered. 
Why is this man doing here all of a sudden? Don’t tell me he has… 
Only then, Ichika recalled how the crowd in the mall earlier that day had taken countless snaps of Nat and her. By then, those photos had already spread like wildfire on the internet. 
Instinctively, she felt a pang of nervousness within her.
Before she could head upstairs with the child, the man came before her. 
“This is her child, right?” 
“Huh?” 
With her eyes fixed on the man, who pulled down his hoodie and revealed his blonde hair, Ichika only appeared even more anxious. 
“Who? S-She is my child. Wendy, come over here and bring the baby upstairs for some milk. She’s hungry.” 
At least Ichika was still quite quick-witted. Having noticed that the man had been staring intently at Natalie, she immediately sought help from Wendy to take the child away.
###Chapter 1462
Chapter 1462
Chapter 1462 How To Return To The Past 
But before Wendy could come over, Brandon repeated, “Where is she? Where did she go? Why is the kid here? Does she not want her child anymore?” 
Silence enveloped the entire living room for a moment. 
One of Willow’s last wishes was not for Brandon to learn about the existence of that child so that he could return to his peaceful life. 
Yet, at that moment, the man standing before Ichika and asking her those questions was full of rage and resentment. How was it possible for him to pretend that nothing had ever happened? 
Indeed, life was not never all about joy, but a complex blend of both anger and sadness. 
Ultimately, Ichika still answered his question. 
“I don’t know. The child got sent back, and we decided to treat her as our own since we don’t have any children. Mr. Emmanuel, Willow has said that you have nothing to do with this matter, and that also includes the child.” 
Ichika was indeed a smart lady. 
Even though Brandon knew that Nat was Willow’s child, Ichika sensed that he was still oblivious of the truth; thus, she decided to play along and deny the parental relationship between him and the child.
As soon as Ichika finished her words, Brandon’s face grimaced. 
Staring at the baby, the anger residing within him started growing. He turned and was about to leave when something caught his attention. 
As Ichika carried the baby up, the small, red-colored birthmark on the back of her neck came into Brandon’s vision. 
Brandon’s mind went blank at once. 
“Nat, let’s go upstairs for some milk, shall we? You must be hungry, right?” 
Ichika, who felt relieved upon seeing Brandon leaving after her reply, did not notice the change in the man’s expression at all. She picked herself up and carried the child upstairs to feed her some milk. 
The entire living room fell silent once again. 
All that was left were traces of the baby’s milky scent floating in the air, as well as sounds of cute animals from the toys on the floor that were left switched on. 
It was a strange feeling that even Brandon could not explain. 
As the youngest child of the Emmanuels, he had always led a spoiled life. Not only was he the precious sweetheart of Matilda, but he was also well-loved by his siblings, Philip and Lyla. They would always give in to him. Besides, his uncle, Frederick, would also pamper him and materialize all his wants. 
Hence, he had never met any major setbacks; neither did he need to shoulder any responsibilities. 
Bringing the pregnant Willow home was probably the most wilful thing he had ever done.
Despite that, his efforts were futile. 
After leaving the villa looking almost soulless, Brandon rushed back to the Emmanuel residence and headed toward his bedroom, frantically rummaging through his stuff, seemingly looking for something. 
“What’s wrong with Brandon? Why is he rummaging through the cupboards like crazy immediately after coming home?” 
“I’ll go take a look.” 
Feeling shocked yet worried, the entire Emmanuel family hurriedly went upstairs to check on him. 
Matilda was no exception. 
They were only on their way up when they heard Brandon bellowing like a mad beast. “Where’s her stuff? Who threw her things away? Where have they all gone?” 
Brandon’s roars reverberated throughout the place, leaving the entire villa shaking in fear. 
The Emmanuels were taken aback. 
“What? B-Brandon, are you referring to that woman? Mom asked me to clear everything in here,” Philip’s wife stammered an answer ultimately. 
Right as she finished explaining, something flew out of the room. 
Slam! 
An explosive sound followed.
Had Philip not reacted fast enough and pulled his wife aside, her head might have already been bleeding from getting hit by the flower vase. 
“Who asked you to clear the things here? Did I permit you to do so? Put everything back in place now!” Brandon broke down and burst into another round of shouting yet again. 
Seeing how Brandon had lost control, Matilda came over in her wheelchair. 
“What are you looking for? That woman is pregnant with another guy’s child! I’ve been nice enough since she knew her place and left quietly. What more do you want? Do you think I’ll keep her belongings here?” 
Slam! 
The spoilt brat speedily came before her and smashed the family portrait in his hand on the floor as soon as she finished speaking. 
“Listen, I’ll never return to this family again if you can’t find her stuff back by today! You can be as authoritative as you want if you like it so much!” he yelled while staring at her intently with his bloodshot eyes. 
Brandon, who had always been obedient toward her, seemed to have turned into an entirely different person for the very first time. 
Matilda was so furious her whole body was shaking. 
As for Brandon, he turned and left immediately after he finished his words. 
That night, all the Emmanuels were busy contacting the waste stations in the city. However, it was almost impossible for them to retrieve what they had thrown away half a year ago.
In the end, it was Ellie who found Brandon in his old small apartment. He was rummaging through the shelves and cupboards inside the 60 square meters apartment. 
It was to the extent that he almost dug through the tiles and bricks. 
“What are you doing, Brandon? Where have you been the whole day? Do you know your disappearance has resulted in great losses?”
###Chapter 1463
Chapter 1463
Chapter 1463 Prick 
Seeing the state Brandon was in, Ellie felt slightly irked and thus could not stop herself from saying those words. 
Just as she stopped speaking, the man scouring through the trash below the bed turned to glare at her. That murderous gazes and horrifying aura were equivalent to that of a devil from hell. 
“You didn’t go and look for Willow, right?” 
“W-What?” 
“You better pray that nothing happens to her; otherwise, I’m not going to let you off!” 
He gritted every word through his teeth in disdain. 
That gaze of his was as if he wanted to devour her alive. 
Panic-stricken, Ellie stood there frozen, with her face drained of all colors. Just as she was about to say something, the man’s phone suddenly rang. 
“Hello?” 
“Greetings, Mr. Emmanuel. We’ve run a check with the information you’ve provided and found that there was a pregnant lady who resembled the photo you provided. Apparently, she left Avenport by Frankel Express about five months ago. Unfortunately, we regret to inform you that after she dropped off at Baykeep, we could not gather any more new information.” 
A polite voice sounded from the other side of the call. Ellie shivered uncontrollably after hearing that. 
Frankel Express was the choice of transport that celebrities in the entertainment industry would use since they were well-known for avoiding paparazzi. 
Back then, Ellie had also managed to trace Willow’s footsteps through the same service, but she kept it a secret from everyone else. 
Since they had progressed to that point, it was not too difficult for them to track down Willow’s whereabouts. Things would become crystal clear as long as they direct their investigations following that lead. 
Beads of cold sweat rolled down Ellie’s face. Finally, she brought herself to put forth the words in her mind. “B-Brandon, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you the truth back then. I-I was afraid that you’ll be affected…” 
“And then?” 
The man hung up the call and cast a death glare at her, leaving the latter at a loss for words. 
It took her yet another moment before she mustered the courage to enunciate her words. With an ashen face, she stuttered, “I-I did it all because I wanted the best for you two. A-And so after she arrived at Smallpoint, I-I… arranged for her to admit into a hospital…” 
“Hospital?”
“Y-Yeah… I thought it’s better to let her have a good rest since she’s eight months into her pregnancy. I wanted to tell you only after you finished filming, but when I went back there to look for her, I found out she was not at the hospital. I-I have no idea where she went after that.” 
Ellie finally revealed what had happened. 
By the time she concluded her statement, she was already trembling so much that she could barely stand up straight. 
Brandon stood up. 
He had a notebook in his hand that he had spent the whole day searching for. It was a diary that Willow had left behind. 
Inside, she recounted how she was sick and would frequently have hallucinations. 
Brandon threw a tight slap toward Ellie’s face. 
“Just wait! I’ll make you pay for what you’ve done!” 
Finishing that, he left the apartment. 
News spread very quickly. Two days later, almost everyone learned that Brandon had found out about the matter. Besides the George family, even those living far away at Jadeborough like Sasha and Sebastian had been informed. 
Ichika: What should we do? He has found her grave and has even stayed there the whole night. What now? 
Both Sasha and Sabrina did not know how to react to that message. 
Devin: This spells trouble.
Everyone else stayed silent, too. 
After all, like what Willow had mentioned, it was because of her that everything had happened between them. Brandon was thus in no wrong. 
He had never loved her; it had always been a one-sided love where she barged into his world and pestered him shamelessly. 
To put it plainly, Brandon’s mean attitude toward her was what she deserved. Hence, she had no one to blame. 
Even so, Brandon still brought Willow home after learning that she was pregnant back then. That was on the account that he had no love for her. That alone was enough to prove that Brandon was, at the very least, not bad to the bone. 
No one, including Sasha, could say anything. All she did was stay silent as she watched how things developed. 
A week later, at Hillside Villa, Solomon and Ichika finally saw the superstar, allegedly reported missing by multiple articles online, appearing before their house. 
“I-I… want to see the child.” 
The man, in simple clothes, had become a lot skinnier. He had even dyed his blonde hair back to black. His appearance looked just like someone who had just recovered from a serious illness. Standing at the door, he had his eyes glued toward the inside of the house. 
Solomon pursed his lips. 
Nonetheless, he still opened the door to let him in.
In the living room, Ichika stood there nervously. As she watched Brandon walk toward her, she carefully passed the baby over to him. 
“B-Be gentle. She has just fallen asleep,” she gently reminded. 
As Brandon reached his arms out, he trembled a little. 
The baby was so tiny in his arms that he was afraid any bit of strength would cause her pain. 
He trembled even more after carrying the baby over as he realized how she looked so much like him. 
The child slept quietly in his embrace, and all of a sudden, she smiled—perhaps of a sweet dream, 
It was that moment when Brandon realized that she was a spitting image of Willow! 
Tears trickled down his face uncontrollably.
###Chapter 1464
Chapter 1464
Chapter 1464 Tough Choice 
Brandon requested to take the child with him. 
At that, Ichika panicked. 
“No way. You can’t take her with you. She’s still so small, and besides, I’m her mother now. You can’t take her with you. She’s my child.” 
After spending two months with the little one, Ichika had long gone past the phase of struggling and was now very used to having her companionship. The two looked like a real pair of mother and daughter duo. 
Nevertheless, Brandon was unwilling to listen to Ichika and was adamant about leaving with the baby. 
Ichika was on the brink of bursting into tears when Solomon came in and stood before Brandon. 
“Brandon, what do you want?” 
“I want to take her with me!” Brandon cast his bloodshot eyes at the child in his arms as he uttered with a hoarse voice. 
Solomon, on the other hand, remained solemn. “And then? Do you want to bring her back and let the Emmanuels bully her like how they did to Willow? Brandon, it’s exactly because Willow couldn’t bring herself to stay any longer that she chose to leave.”
Those words were like a sharp blade stabbing right through Brandon’s chest. At that instance, the scene of him meeting Willow for the last time popped up in his mind. 
That was the day when she finally returned to the Emmanuel residence. But it was also the day she infuriated Matilda till the latter landed herself in the hospital. 
Despite what happened, Brandon came home to find an unusually calm Willow—she did not even throw tantrums like she always would. 
All that she had said was “Brandon, I’m sorry.” 
After a pause, she continued, “Brandon, that child isn’t yours. It’s a test tube baby that I made.” 
Those words made him flew into a fit of rage. 
He had made up his mind and brought her back home just so that both her and the baby could get a proper title and status. Yet, she decided to tell him that the baby was only a test tube baby she had made and not his child. 
At this point, her actions back then were probably an indication of how she had a premonition of how things would take a turn. 
After all, a woman would never joke about such things unless she was cornered into hopelessness. 
She had probably made up her mind then. But Brandon did not notice at all. It was even to the extent that he remained clueless when she became sick. 
“Brandon, Willow has mentioned in her last words that she doesn’t blame you. She takes full responsibility for everything that had happened between you two. She wanted you to lead your own life,
and that was why she didn’t want us to tell you about the existence of this child. What are you going to do if you bring this child home now? Do you want to give up on your dream and career?” 
Solomon was rather calm. 
In truth, he had to stay that way, not only because he kept Willow’s last words close to his heart but also for the sake of the child. 
But just as he finished speaking, Brandon immediately raised his head. 
“Get back on track and lead a normal life? How? Tell me, how am I supposed to do that with how things have turn out to be? Is the child a mere animal that doesn’t matter even if she dies?” 
Solomon did not say anything. 
“This child has my blood. Do you want me to dump her aside and pretend that nothing happened? Sure I can. Ask Sasha to come and remove all of my memories; that way, I’ll be able to move on and pretend that nothing has happened.” 
He pointed at his head as he bitterly spat out those words. The tears falling off his eyes were indicative of how much pain he was suffering. 
Solomon was instantly shocked at that. 
Just then, the baby was jolted awake by the intense movements Brandon was making and began crying loudly. 
“Waa…” 
“Nat, don’t cry. Mommy is here.”
Seeing the baby crying, Ichika could not hide her heartache and immediately wanted to carry her back. 
Brandon was slightly flustered. 
Seeing how badly the child was wailing while holding her tightly against his chest, he panicked and attempted to comfort her. 
Needless to say, it did not end up in a good way since the man had never taken care of a baby before, let alone pacifying one. Nat only cried even louder as he patted his clumsy hand on her. 
“Waa…” 
Brandon sank into despair. 
“That’s enough, Brandon. Let Ichika carry the child. Think about it. Taking the child with you means you have to shoulder the responsibility of taking good care of her. But please think of how your family has treated Willow back then? Are you sure you’re okay with leaving Nat in their hands?” 
Solomon grabbed hold of the chance and tried to persuade Brandon again. 
As Brandon was already in a mentally unstable state due to the baby’s continuous wails, those words seemed to work wonders. He was in a visibly terrible state where the rims of his eyes were flushing red as he passed the child over to Ichika. 
Several minutes later, the baby finally stopped crying as she lay in Ichika’s arms, gulping down mouthfuls of milk from the bottle. 
Standing at a side, Brandon tightened his fists as he watched the scene. 
Similarly, Solomon was watching him silently from behind.
Somehow, he was in contemplation. He knew there was nothing he could do if the man before him popped the request of bringing Nat with him. He was, after all, the biological father of the child. 
What made him surprised was how the man ended up leaving quietly after taking a few more glances. 
At that sight, Ichika walked over with the child in her arms.
###Chapter 1465
Chapter 1465
Chapter 1465 Retribution 
“Darling, he won’t come back asking for Nat again, right? I don’t want him to take her away.” 
Ichika’s eyes welled up with tears as she spoke. 
Given Ichika’s soft-hearted character, it was more than understandable that she would not bear to part way with Nat after spending so much time together. 
Staring at Brandon’s back, Solomon comforted, “Don’t worry. He won’t.” 
In fact, that was what he really thought since he had made it clear to Brandon about the situation. There was no reason for him to take the child, especially since he was currently in the prime of his career. 
The pair of couple thus believed that that was the end to this issue. 
And things had indeed stayed that way until about a month later, a piece of mind-blowing news broke out on the internet—TV Superstar Brandon Emmanuel Announces That He Quits Showbiz. 
At the same time, Ellie was arrested by the police that night for allegedly engaging in various illegal acts, including bribery and illegal contractual dealings. 
That news immediately caused a frenzy in the entire entertainment industry.
Various media also suffered severe crashes. 
It was simply appalling! 
Meanwhile, at Jadeborough, Sasha had just learned about it and immediately tried to find out more in the group chat. 
Sasha: @Solomon What’s up with Brandon? Why did he suddenly quit showbiz? Anyway, please be wary as I think he’ll go and look for you guys. 
Solomon said nothing. 
Ichika: Sha, what do you mean by that? 
Accompanying that text were a few fearful and sobbing emojis. 
Sabrina: Can’t believe that dude would go to such an extent. He’s going all out to achieve what he wants, huh? 
Devin: I guess his career in the showbiz is ruined. 
Ichika replied with a couple of crying emojis. 
Even Sebastian, who had not been active in the chat, commented something this time. 
Sebastian: It’s time he grows up. 
Rufus: Yeah, I agree with Sebastian. Brandon has always been a child. It’s a good thing if he grows up overnight because of that matter.
Jonathan: Then, what about the kid? Will you guys allow him to take her back? 
Ichika only replied with even more crying emojis. 
The group chat suddenly fell into silence. 
With how the situation turned out to be, it was almost impossible for them to keep the child with them even if they wanted to. 
There were no excuses for them to reject someone who would even be daring and willing to give up on his promising future. 
Three days later, what they feared most happened. Dressed rather casually in a gray windbreaker and a cap, Brandon arrived at Hillside Villa in an MPV. He had added all kinds of safety equipment for children in his car. 
“Solomon, I’m here to fetch her home.” Looking refreshed, he stood before the villa and said calmly while looking into Solomon’s eyes. 
Without saying anything, Solomon turned behind and stole a glance at the teary-eyed Ichika. He then turned back to Brandon and asked, “Are you alone?” 
“Yeah, rest assured. I won’t let the Emmanuels lay their hands on Nat. I’ve already bought a house in Netheria. I plan to settle down with her over there. Also, you guys don’t have to worry about me taking care of the child either. I’ll learn the ropes of becoming a father and also hire the best nanny for her.” 
That dazzling celebrity aura that Brandon used to exude had vanished completely. Standing right under the bright sun, he was nothing but an average man. 
That said, he was still as outstanding as before as his facial features were simply too eye-catching.
Sensing that the man before him had become much more steady and matured than before, Solomon pursed his lips and turned behind. “Ichika, pass him the child.” 
Ichika instantly felt a little disheartened. 
Nevertheless, she had no choice but to walk forward with the child in her arms. On her other arm, she was also lugging onto several bags of baby products that they had packed. 
He grabbed the bags over and carried the child into his arms. Lowering his head, he took quite some time before he managed to push his thoughts out of his mouth. “Thank you so much. Fret not; I’ll get in touch with you guys regularly. Even if we leave for Netheria, you two will still be her parents. I won’t change her name either, so she’ll still be called Nat instead of Wylie. I like that name for it sounds like Willow.” 
“A-Alright…” Solomon nodded in response. 
Brandon took the child with him and left Avenport the following day. 
As for the Emmanuels, they had not seen Brandon for almost a month ever since the day he created chaos in the house. It was only after watching the news that they had learned about his departure. 
Seeing the news online, they were of course in hysteria. 
“Where’s Brandon? Where is he? That bast*rd! He didn’t even inform us before making such a huge decision! I want him back here now!” 
Matilda was blazing with anger. 
The Emmanuels had depended on Brandon financially for the past few years after Sebastian stopped supporting them.
Hence, Brandon’s announcement was like a bomb dropped on the Emmanuels. 
Without further delay, Philip rushed out to look for Brandon. In the meantime, Lyla also hastened back home upon hearing that news. 
Yet, the news they heard was that Brandon had already left with the child. 
“Mr. Philip, Mrs. Emmanuel, Brandon has asked me to let you know that you don’t have to look for him. He has left five million for you guys, and he’ll return to visit when he has the time.” 
###Chapter 1466
Chapter 1466
Chapter 1466 The Silence 
“What does that even mean? And you think this five million is enough to brush me off?” scoffed Lyla condescendingly. 
To that, Brandon’s assistant chuckled and decided that there was no point in playing nice with Lyla any longer. 
“How much exactly do you want then? That man has already done so much for you for so many years, and you’re still not content? You look perfectly fine to me, so I don’t see why you need handouts. Besides, he has a kid to raise now. How much more are you planning to take from him?” 
“A kid? What kid?” The Emmanuels were stunned by the sudden piece of information. 
“What are you talking about? Whose kid is that?” questioned Matilda. 
“You don’t know? It’s Ms. Fischer’s. That kid was no test-tube baby. She only told Brandon that because she had no other choice. You probably had no idea that she had severe depression because of your family’s constant abuse. In the end, she decided to take her own life,” sneered the assistant as if he was talking to a bunch of hideous and revolting creatures. 
Unsure of how to respond to that, the Emmanuels fell dead silent. 
Each and every one of them was instantly drained of colors when the guilt set in.
Willow is dead because of severe depression? Does that mean Brandon will never come back? That man probably thinks this five million is already more than what we deserve. 
When the Emmanuels finally realized how serious the matter was, they all panicked. “That’s not what happened. Please, you have to get him to come back. We’ll explain everything.” 
“No. He’s never going to come back.” With that, the assistant turned around indifferently and left the family to their own thoughts. 
Suddenly, they heard a loud bang from behind and realized that Matilda had fallen off her wheelchair. 
A week after that, news of Matilda’s death spread to Jadeborough. 
“Your aunt just passed away. Will you be going to her funeral?” asked Sasha after making her way downstairs to Sebastian. 
“What aunt?” responded the man coldly with a rhetorical question as he continued working on his computer. 
Sasha said nothing else after that, for she knew that none of the Hayeses wanted anything to do with Matilda anymore. 
Even though Brandon convinced two of the most powerful Emmanuels to visit Matilda during festive seasons, not even a single member of the family attended the old lady’s funeral. In the end, the ceremony was rather pathetic. 
Meanwhile, at Hillside Villa, Ichika wondered if she should attend the funeral since her husband was in charge of running Hayes Corporation at the moment.
However, Solomon could not care less. 
After finishing his work at the office, Solomon could not stop thinking about how Ichika cried every night since Brandon took the child away in these ten days ago. 
“What’s troubling you, Mr. George?” inquired Luke. 
After a moment of thought, Solomon looked intently at the assistant from behind his desk and asked, “After you got married, how long did it take before you had a child?” 
“What?” Luke was dumbfounded by the man’s odd question. Why is Mr. George asking me that? 
Although he was surprised, Luke quickly figured out Solomon’s intention since he was also a man, so he decided to be forthcoming with his superior. “My wife got pregnant two months into our marriage.” 
“Two months?” Solomon was slightly shocked because it had been six months since he started sleeping with Ichika. Only two months? Then why isn’t Ichika pregnant yet? If only we could have a baby. Then she wouldn’t be this sad. 
“Yeah. We wanted to have children right after we got married, so there was no birth control. And before we knew it, she got pregnant.” Since Luke only became a father not long ago, he blushed a little on the topic. 
Solomon never had much to talk about with his assistant, but after hearing what the man said, he quickly followed up with another question. “Do you… Is there a trick to this? Because we’ve tried but nothing happened.” 
“Really? I thought she never got pregnant because you two didn’t want children yet,” stated Luke with his eyes widened in surprise.
Slightly embarrassed, Solomon cleared his throat before responding to his assistant. “Actually, we do.” 
“Maybe it’s because of her ovulation.” 
“Ovulation?” 
“Yeah. You know. My wife wanted to get pregnant as soon as possible, so she took her temperature in the morning. She also did the same in the evening. And she even tracked her periods so that we know when to… to do the deed.” Even though it was just the two of them, Luke still could not help but feel awkward as he talked about sex and pregnancy with his superior. 
After that, Solomon decided to follow Luke’s suggestion, so he had the assistant get him everything his wife would need to get impregnated. It has to work now!
###Chapter 1467
Chapter 1467
Chapter 1467 Old Dog New Tricks 
That evening, Solomon quietly took the tools for pregnancy home with him. 
Ichika was feeling down at home but quickly stood up to greet her husband before going into the kitchen. “Hey, you’re back. Dinner will be ready soon.” 
Then, Solomon went upstairs to the bedroom and went through the stuff his assistant got him. Okay, so I see the thermometer and the ovulation chart, but what is this? 
The man took a book out and immediately turned red after seeing examples of sex positions with the highest success rate for pregnancy. “What the heck is Luke thinking? That idiot!” 
Afraid that Ichika would see the book, Solomon hurried to the study to hide it there. Although he was upset with Luke for getting him the book, he went through the material nonetheless. 
“Darling, dinner’s ready!” shouted Ichika, who had no idea what her husband was doing upstairs while she was in the kitchen. 
“Coming!” responded Solomon quickly before changing and going back downstairs to dine with his wife. 
After an hour or so, the couple was finally done with dinner. As usual, Ichika did the dishes before slumping on the couch to check on Brandon’s social media.
Brandon knew that Ichika would miss the child dearly, so he posted photos and videos of the kid online every day. To Ichika, those online contents were food to her soul. 
When Solomon noticed tears rolling down his wife’s cheeks again, he could not help but frown at his own helplessness. “Ichika, why don’t you go and shower first?” 
“Right now?” asked Ichika, who quickly dried her tears before turning to look at her husband. 
“After you’re done, I have something to show you.” 
Solomon had never done anything romantic before, so it was only natural that Ichika wondered why her husband was being so mysterious all of a sudden. What could it be? 
At that moment, Ichika’s attention was finally shifted away from the child. 
After putting her phone down, the woman did as she was told and went upstairs to take a shower. 
It was only around eight o’clock when Solomon turned off all the lights downstairs and went up the stairs as well. 
Although Ichika had no idea what Solomon was up to, that changed when she stepped out of the bathroom. The lights in their bedroom were dimmed down, and there were bright red rose petals all over the bed. Suddenly, the woman could understand what her husband was trying to do. “Darling, you… “ 
“I got these on my way home today. There is a flower shop nearby. And I also got you this. Will you try it on for me?” asked the man as he handed his wife a gift box.
At that point, Ichika was already moved to tears, for she knew that Solomon was not a romantic man. It must’ve taken him a lot of effort to do all this for me. Not only has he taken the trouble to decorate the bed with all these rose petals, but he also got me a gift! 
Like an excited little girl on Christmas day, Ichika quickly opened the gift box. 
Inside was a crimson red nightdress with two slender spaghetti straps. The bottom of the garment was weaved with lace so thin that one could almost see through it. 
“Darling, this…” With her cheeks as red as tomatoes, Ichika was at a loss for words. 
Although Solomon was blushing almost as much as his wife, the man knew he had to make the first move. He then took a step forward and wrapped his arms around Ichika. 
“I know you miss Nat badly, but I want to see you smile again. That’s why I did all this. I hope we can have a child together so that you’ll be happy again.” 
“Okay.” With red hot cheeks, Ichika nodded and agreed with her husband. 
After changing into the dress, the woman barely got any sleep that night. 
To give Ichika everything he had, Solomon worked hard on his wife like a rabbit. The man even surprised Ichika with multiple positions that she never knew. 
It was only until sunrise that she finally fell asleep, exhausted. 
Lying in the mess on a bed, Solomon too was drained of energy. Holding his wife tightly, the man stared at the ceiling and breathed a sigh of relief. That should do it, right? I even checked the ovulation chart for today. It has to work! 
Not long after that, the man also fell deep asleep.
It was almost afternoon when the couple woke up. Solomon being the caring husband he was, went downstairs to prepare a meal for his wife. 
However, just before he went into the kitchen, Solomon checked his phone and noticed a missed call. Who might this be? 
From the set of numbers displayed, he figured it was from overseas. After some thought, Solomon eventually decided to return the call.
###Chapter 1468
Chapter 1468
Chapter 1468 Bullied 
“Hello?” When the call went through, a person on the other end greeted Solomon in French, so he responded in kind. “Hello. Do you mind telling me who called me just now?” 
“I’m sorry. This is a school, and students always make phone calls here, so I’m afraid I have no idea which one of them called you.” 
Solomon was surprised to find out that he got a call from a school. Why would someone in a school overseas call me? 
When the man was still pondering, a name suddenly popped into his mind. “Could it be Vivian Wand?” 
“One moment, please. Let me look it up.” The person then proceeded to check for the name. 
It only took around two minutes before the person got back to Solomon and confirmed that there was indeed a student there named Vivian Wand. 
That probably means Vivi did call me, but why? Did something happen? But why call me instead of her parents? 
Solomon started to get anxious, so he requested the person to find Vivian for him. 
To Solomon, Vivian was like his own child. After her mother brought her and her brother to Clear, Solomon practically helped raise the two children.
However, things got terribly complicated between him and the Hayeses afterward. Solomon even got to the point where he could not see eye-to-eye with the children’s parents. 
Still and all, the way he felt about the children never changed. 
Around ten minutes later, Solomon’s phone finally rang again, so he hurriedly picked it up. “Vivi?” 
“You have to help me, Uncle Solomon! I’m going to be expelled. What should I do?” cried Vivian the moment her uncle answered her call. 
The girl sounded so pitiful that Solomon’s heart ached for her. 
Expelled? It can’t be that serious, can it? 
Solomon immediately tried his best to calm Vivian down. “It’s okay, Vivi. Don’t cry. Why don’t you start by telling me what happened? Didn’t you just get there two months ago? Why would they expel you?” 
“Because we just had our first test. They told us that if any one of us failed, they would have to expel us. But my work was beautiful. I don’t know why I only got 3 points for it. It’s not fair!” With that, the girl started crying again. 
After listening to Vivian, Solomon finally figured out what was going on. Even though Vivi can be a little slow sometimes, she’s determined like her mother. Vivi is not the kind of girl who would give up easily, especially not on her passion. 
Vivian only went to Solomon because she did not want to disappoint her parents. On top of that, she was worried that they would ask her to come home.
“Don’t worry, Vivi. We’ll figure something out together, okay? Let me just talk to the school first and see what’s going on. I’ll call you back soon, okay? Trust me, Vivi. I’ll do my best to help you.” 
“Okay.” Only then did Vivian stop crying and hang up as she was told. 
“What’s wrong, Darling. Did something happen?” inquired Ichika when Solomon went up the stairs with his phone in hand. 
The woman just walked out of the bedroom and saw her husband. Her body was aching all over while her face blushed the moment she saw him. 
After briefly explaining the situation to his wife, Solomon went into the study and turned on his computer. 
Since he knew that phone calls would not be enough to deal with a school run by the royal family, Solomon decided to instruct a few men to go to the institute to learn about Vivian’s situation. 
“So did you find out what’s going on, Darling?” asked Ichika when she entered the room with a glass of milk for her husband. 
“Yes. It turns out that students had to sit for a test two months after attending school. Whoever fails the test will be expelled,” replied Solomon as he frowned at the screen. 
“What? But Vivi has always been such a talented young girl. How could she have failed? I just don’t see that happening.” Ichika, too, furrowed her brows like a worried parent. 
Like her husband, the woman refused to believe Vivian would do so terribly in school. 
Solomon nodded in agreement with his wife. “Right. That’s why I have my men take photos of Vivi’s work. Does this look like something she would make?” questioned Solomon after showing Ichika
several photos, which left the woman completely stunned. 
“You have got to be kidding me! There’s no way this thing is Vivi’s handiwork. I mean, just look at that terrible craftsmanship! Vivi could make a pearl pendant when she was only eight years old, and it’s still in good shape even now. This is definitely not Vivi’s work!” 
Immediately after going through the photos, Ichika could tell how rough the handiwork was. This looks nothing like what Vivi would ever make. 
In the end, Solomon decided to visit the school himself. Naturally, he did it without Sasha’s or her husband’s knowledge.
###Chapter 1469
Chapter 1469
Chapter 1469 Born Evil 
After hearing that Solomon would be coming over to her school, Vivian, who had been anxious for the past few days, breathed a sigh of relief. That afternoon, she finally found her appetite to have lunch with Kurt. 
“Is your Uncle Solomon really coming over? Does that mean he’ll be able to solve the problem for you?” inquired Vivian’s classmate, Elaine, when she heard about the news. 
Chowing down on her drumstick, Vivian nodded in response to her classmate. 
“Of course! There’s nothing he can’t do. As soon as he gets here, he’ll take care of everything. You’ll see,” promised Vivian with much confidence as she continued to make short work of her drumstick. 
After that, Elaine sat down calmly beside the two, but there was a glimmer of nervousness in her eyes. 
Even though Kurt did not say a word, he would glance at Elaine from time to time as they had their lunch. 
“That’s good to know. You have no idea how relieved I am to hear that. Hey, I’m going to head to class first, so see you guys later, okay? Don’t be late!” reminded Elaine before leaving the two. 
“We won’t.” Knowing that Solomon would not let her down, Vivian returned to her carefree self.
After finishing her drumstick, the girl got up and was ready to go to class. “Aren’t you going to class too, Kurt?” 
“I’ll be there in a minute.” answered the boy in his usual cold tone. Anybody who had met him in the past two months knew that he was not one for words. Vivian was the only one who could get Kurt to say three or more words at a time. 
After watching the girl hurried away, Kurt jumped to his feet and covered his head with his hoodie. With both hands in the pockets, the boy went away in another direction. 
Ten minutes later, an Astorian girl stood in front of a few local students in the school’s backyard. “You’d better come clean with the school. Vivian’s uncle is coming over soon, and you don’t want to mess with him. I’m telling you. He’s going to find out the truth, so there’s no way you can get away scot-free.” 
That Astorian girl was Elaine, the student who just had lunch with Vivian and Kurt. 
Even though Elaine warned the local students in all seriousness, they laughed at her and ridiculed her for it. 
“Is he now? I guess we’ll have to wait for him to get here to find out. Vivian stole the limelight from my girlfriend, Helena, so I’m going to get her expelled no matter what. There’s nothing you can do to change my mind.” 
“Hey, you’re an accomplice, Elaine. You saw us swap Vivian’s work, yet you decided not to say anything about it to her because you wanted to save your own skin, remember? Some friend you are. And now you’re asking us to come clean? What a joke!” 
With that, the local students cackled even louder at Elaine.
Even though she wanted to help Vivian, Elaine could not get another word out of her mouth. As if the bullies’ words had grabbed her by the neck, Elaine’s face started to turn as pale as a sheet. 
For some reason, Elaine turned her bleached face around and noticed that a boy in a blue hoodie was standing not too far away from her. 
The boy did nothing but stare at Elaine with his hands in the pockets, but it was enough to send chills down her spine. To Elaine, the icy-cold stare felt like a cut by a razor-sharp dagger. 
Although the boy was only ten, he had facial features that could match a supermodel. Those obsidian eyes of his seemed like they could pierce through anything. 
“Kurt?” blurted out Elaine shakily, but the boy had already turned his back on her by then. It did not matter that Kurt was only a ten-year-old kid; the aura emanating from him was enough to make anyone shiver. 
“Kurt, it wasn’t my idea! I just didn’t want to offend the local students. Please, you have to believe me!” shouted Elaine as she hurriedly caught up to the boy. 
She then reached for Kurt’s arm to beg for forgiveness, but before she could touch him, the boy withdrew his arm. As if he was looking at an annoying fly, Kurt sneered at the girl. 
Seeing how Kurt was unwilling to listen to her, Elaine decided to stand before him. “Please, Kurt! I’m begging you! I know I was wrong, so I promise you that I’ll come clean. I’ll tell the teachers everything and make sure Vivian doesn’t get expelled.” 
It was only after Elaine made the promise that Kurt stopped to listen. 
At that moment, Kurt turned his head sideways to glance at the pitiful young girl. Even though the boy looked even more beautiful under the golden sunlight, his eyes remained chilly.
He only had one word to say to the kneeling girl. “Scram!”
###Chapter 1470
Chapter 1470
Chapter 1470 No One Bullies Her 
When Solomon arrived in Yartran that evening, his friends picked him up and went over Vivian’s situation with him again. 
“Here’s the thing, Solomon. If you want to help Vivian, you’ll have to prove that her work was swapped out. However, the school keeps everything that the students have submitted locked away. We’ll have to figure a way to find Vivian’s work.” 
“And that’s not going to be easy, is it?” 
“No, not really. The school values their reputation more than anything, so unless you can present solid evidence, they’re not going to simply change their mind.” 
At that point, Solomon’s face hardened, for he knew that Vivian would surely be expelled if he did not tend to that matter personally. 
The man then went to the school with his friends leading the way. As expected, the person in charge was rather upset when he brought up the matter. 
“Sir, our school has always been fair when it comes to grading our students. And I believe the students who attend this school are not only talented but also honest. What makes you think that anyone here would try to get Vivian expelled on purpose?” 
“If that’s the case, you should have no problem showing me her work,” responded Solomon calmly. 
However, the person outright refused Solomon’s request. “I’m afraid I can’t do that, sir. There’s no precedent for that in our school. If you insist on seeing the girl’s work, you’ll have to take it up with the Duke.” 
As a member of the royal family, the Duke, was in charge of the school. 
“Fine. I’ll speak with him then. But let me give you a heads-up; if I find out that the school was in any way responsible for misgrading my niece, you can be sure that the media will hear all about it.” 
With that, Solomon stood up and walked out of the office. 
The person in charge was taken aback. 
“Uncle Solomon!” cried a sweet voice not too far away from him. 
After turning to the voice, Solomon saw young Vivian in her school uniform running excitedly toward him. Her two braids jumped up and down as she hurried over to him. 
Just as excited as Vivian was, Solomon put on a big smile and quickly lowered himself before opening his arms to embrace the young girl. “I’m finally here, Vivi! Are you happy to see me?” 
Since Vivian had already grown up, Solomon could no longer lift her like he used to do. All he could do was give the girl a big hug. My goodness! Just look at how tall this girl is now! Still, she’s as adorable as ever. 
“Of course, I am! So how did it go, Uncle Solomon? Did they make a mistake or something?” questioned Vivian anxiously as she gazed at Solomon with her puppy-dog eyes.
The man chuckled in response and assured her that everything was under control. “Don’t worry, Vivi. I’ve already spoken to them, and I’m sure we can work it out. Hey, are you hungry? What do you say we go grab dinner?” 
“Sure!” The young girl got even more excited when Solomon mentioned food. 
Hand in hand, the two were just about to head off when Vivian suddenly remembered something. 
“Wait! I can’t believe I almost forgot about Kurt and Elaine! I’m going to go see if they want to tag along.” 
Solomon had already heard of the two friends Vivian made at the school, so he waited while the girl went to get them. 
At first, Elaine was glad that Vivian asked her along for dinner. However, when she heard that Solomon and Kurt would also be there, she turned her friend down. 
“Thanks for asking, Vivi, but I just remembered that I have some homework to do. The teacher’s going to kill me if I don’t finish them by today.” 
“Oh, okay. Another time then.” 
Even though Vivian was a little disappointed, she promised Elaine that she would get the girl some takeout before hurrying over to Kurt. 
“Hey, Kurt! Are you done for the day yet? My uncle has just arrived, and we’re going to grab dinner. Do you want to come along?” 
The boy was doing his homework in the classroom when Vivian turned up. Although his classmates were fooling around and making noises, Kurt did not seem bothered at all.
Even with the noises around him, he was able to concentrate on his homework. 
Kurt only shifted his attention when Vivian excitedly extended her invitation. 
After quickly putting his books and stationeries away, Kurt stood up and went over to Vivian. 
“I thought Kurt ignores everybody. Look how he hurries over to that girl.” 
“Yeah. That guy wouldn’t even talk to us, and now he’s hurrying over to that girl like a puppy. What the heck?” 
###Chapter 1471
Chapter 1471
Chapter 1471 Locking Horns 
“Probably a lapdog to her family? Haha…” All the students in the class burst out laughing upon seeing that. 
As Vivian had been living abroad all this while, she found it hard to comprehend the language spoken locally. Hence, she could not understand their conversations, let alone deciphered what they were laughing at. 
She stood there with a blank face until Kurt, whom she was looking for went to her. He stretched out his arms and covered both her ears with his hands. 
“Kurt?” 
“Let’s go,” he said indifferently. 
After leaving the place, he put down his hands and habitually placed them in his pockets. 
Seeing so, Vivian grabbed his arms and pulled them out of his pockets. Then, she gently held his with her delicate hands. 
The boy was rendered speechless. 
“Kurt, Uncle Solomon is here. Let’s head out to dine with him. He will help me handle the matter thereafter,” said Vivian.
“Sure.” Kurt did not refuse her. Instead, he allowed her to lead the way, holding his hands. 
When they saw Solomon, he was in his car. Upon seeing the two young individuals, Solomon got out and opened the door to the back seat for them. 
“Vivi, is this your little friend?” As the only adult present, Solomon posted a casual question with a smile as soon as he saw her. 
Delighted, Vivian did not hesitate to make the introduction. “Yes, Uncle Solomon. This is Kurt, especially handpicked by Great-grandpa. He’s really intelligent. In a recent exam, he passed with flying colors and came out first in his grade.” 
He’s that good, huh? 
Solomon could not help but give the boy a once-over. 
He realized that Kurt had been standing there quietly since moments ago. When their gazes met, the boy looked away and hung his head low. 
He seems like a fine boy, though quite bashful and shy. 
Solomon was quite relieved to see Vivian having a seemingly simple-minded and innocent friend. He never wanted her to hang around people with evil intentions. After all, Vivian grew up as everyone’s favorite, who was spoiled rotten by the entire family. Compared to Ichika, Vivian was even more naive and pure-hearted. 
Subsequently, Solomon took the two children out for a meal.
As they were eating, Solomon noticed that Kurt had very good table manners and etiquettes unlike Vivian, who would gobble up her food. 
Obediently, Kurt held the cutlery in style and chewed his food with his mouth closed. He seemed like a wonderful child. 
Suddenly, Solomon’s phone rang. 
“Hey Solomon, the person in charge from the school has contacted me a while ago. He said that we’re allowed to go see your niece’s work. Head over here soon, will you?” 
“All right.” Solomon’s heart skipped a beat when he heard the news. 
Vivian asked, “Is it sorted, Uncle Solomon?” 
“Yup. Let’s finish up our lunch, and I’ll bring you to your teacher,” he replied. 
Vivian was hesitant. 
“She has a study session later, so she can’t get a leave,” the boy spoke in a nonchalant tone all of a sudden. 
He did it so naturally that it startled Solomon, who turned and cast a gaze on him. 
It’s my first time hearing him speak. 
In the end, Solomon let it be. After taking the two kids back to school for their self-study session, he proceeded to the office building once again. 
“Mr. George, this is the work submitted by your niece. Upon investigating, we regret to inform you that we’ve made a mistake. This isn’t actually her work.”
Surprised, he did not expect the person in charge to showcase Vivian’s work, let alone apologized for their fault. 
Instantly, Solomon was enraged. 
“So? That’s it? You’re just going to conclude this issue with a mere sentence? Did you know that my niece was deeply hurt by this incident? I purposely made a trip here to find out what was going on. Had I not done that, would my niece be expelled for no apparent reason?” he bombarded them with a series of questions furiously. 
Immediately, the person in charge’s face turned scarlet. 
“I’m terribly sorry, Mr. George. I didn’t know about this beforehand. We’ve just received an anonymous report, alleging that someone has tampered with the work. That’s how we discovered the truth. Mr. George, please let us know how we can compensate you. We promise to do our best to satisfy your request.” 
“An anonymous report? By whom?” Upon hearing a key phrase, Solomon pursued further. 
However, the person in charge did not explain clearly. He only mentioned that someone called up the school to expose the matter. 
Additionally, he was informed that the rightful owner of the work was Vivian’s wealthy classmate. It was highly likely for that classmate to intentionally get someone to swap the work. 
“Mr. George, Helena was always ranked first in class before Vivian’s arrival. Now that she’s no longer in the limelight, she might have responded to the situation negatively. Mr. George, it’s one of those pranks that the children pull on others. I’ll definitely educate Helena on this. However, I don’t recommend you take any action against her.”
“Why not?” 
“This is because her father belongs to the royal family. If this matter gets out of hand, I’m afraid that your niece may suffer in school. Although I’m aware of Vivian’s powerful background, she’s now in Yartran. What do you think?” the person in charge reminded Solomon about the reality. 
###Chapter 1472
Chapter 1472
Chapter 1472 Good News 
Indeed, this isn’t our territory. No matter how powerful both the Hayeses and Jadesons are, they aren’t influential in this country. Making a big fuss out of this is not beneficial for Vivi at all, should she continue pursuing her education here. 
In the end, Solomon held it in. 
Nonetheless, he put forward a requirement, which was to amend Vivian’s results. Additionally, he also requested Helena to be transferred to a different class and to keep her parents informed about the incident. 
The person in charge was shocked to the core. 
Informing Helena’s parents is as good as sending her a stern warning. This is more severe than punishing the poor girl! What is he trying to do? Notifying the parents about Helena’s misbehavior without kicking up a fuss. Does he intend to drop a hint that Helena has messed with someone high and lofty? 
Thereafter, Solomon left the office building. 
“Luckily, your niece wasn’t present. Otherwise, it would hurt her deeply, knowing that her work was tampered with,” uttered Solomon’s friend. 
He nodded in agreement. 
That’s true. Vivi is just a simple girl. It’s a good thing that the boy brought her to the self-study session. It turns out to be a blessing in disguise. 
Solomon stayed back that evening. The next morning, once he had confirmed personally that the school had amended Vivian’s marks and also presented an apology, he started making plans to leave. 
“I love you so much, Uncle Solomon! I knew it! You will always find a way out.” 
Holding her shiny trophy, the girl who had been proven innocent ran toward Solomon and hugged him tightly. 
Solomon huffed a laugh in exasperation. 
Upon scanning his surrounding, he spotted Kurt and called upon him. 
“Kurt, you’re a reliable boy. Whenever you need anything, just give me a call.” Then, he whipped out a name card and handed it over. 
Kurt reached out his hand and accepted it. 
Though he did not say a word, the observant Solomon noticed that Kurt kept the name card properly in his pocket. 
This boy! 
Shortly after, Solomon left Yartran without forgetting to leave two men behind. Those men were the top fighters he trained in Jetroina.
Vivian paid full attention to her studies and continued learning enthusiastically. On the other hand, Elaine struggled a little even though the matter was now resolved. 
Elaine finally brought herself to the pre-school building. 
Actually, there was nothing much for Kurt to learn from an art academy. Therefore, Sebastian made Edmund put him in a regular class so that he can learn the other subjects like others. 
Being in a regular class at the Royal Academy would have him learn extensively and abundantly, compared to an equivalent class back home. 
When Elaine came over to look for Kurt, he was learning how to play the piano in the music room. 
It was his most favorite thing to do recently. 
Elaine stood by the door, listening to the rather choppy piano playing. Plucking up her courage, she called out, “Kurt…” 
Fortunately for her, the boy stopped hitting the black and white keys when he heard his name. 
“Kurt, I… I gave the teacher a call. I’m sorry, I… I didn’t keep my promise to speak up and tell everyone the truth. I was scared that I’d be barred from school.” 
Seeing that he was completely silent, she was terrified. Tears started to well up in her eyes. 
She had liked Kurt the moment she saw him at the airport. It was love at first sight because he was too good-looking. 
Two months later, she realized that he was a nightmare dressed like a daydream. Even though he was younger than her and Vivian, he would always exude a hostile and cold aura. 
His presence made her feel scared all the time.
“Kurt?” 
“I’ll let this slide if you get transferred to Class 18 too,” he spoke his mind finally. 
An icy tone laced his voice, sending a cold chill down Elaine’s spine. Although he spoke more this time, it made her turn ghastly. 
“Class 18? That’s… That’s the same class as Helena? I…?” 
Bang! 
A pin-drop silence ensued as the boy shut the piano top and rose to his feet. 
Elaine did not dare to say anything further. Helplessly, she could only watch him leave the room and disappear before her sight. 
No, I don’t want to go to Class 18. Oh no… 
Meanwhile, at Avenport, Ichika was over the moon when she heard that her husband had settled the matter perfectly. 
She cooked up an array of dishes that night, and she even posted some photos on her social media. 
Sabrina: Why are you cooking a feast, @Ichika? What’s the occasion? 
Ichika: Huh? Nothing special… 
Sasha: Is there any good news, Ichika? Share the joy with us. 
Rufus: Really? 
Devin: Still waiting…
Within seconds, almost everyone in the family engaged themselves in the chat, apart from Sebastian who rarely appeared online. They were looking forward to hearing some good news from her. 
Turns out they are all eager about it…
###Chapter 1473
Chapter 1473
Chapter 1473 Falling Head Over Heels 
Upon reading all the messages, Ichika blushed. 
How could it be so soon? We just did it a few nights ago. 
Feeling shy, she bowed her head and clarified via a text message: Nothing, really. It’s just a regular meal with my Darling. Don’t think too much, peeps. 
Sabrina: How is that overthinking? It’s only normal that it happens. By the way, you two have been married for a while now. Aren’t you planning to have any kids? 
Sabrina thought about her own experience and was very direct about it. 
Back then, she had only slept with her man once before getting pregnant. 
Then, there was no reply from Ichika. 
Actually, both Ichika and Solomon had discussed the matter. They wanted nature to take its course. If they were blessed with a child, they would gladly keep the baby. Otherwise, they were happy to be by themselves. 
However, it suddenly dawned on Ichika that it had been half a year since they had taken any precautions. Yet, she was never pregnant.
Could stress be a factor which contributed to this? Perhaps I was too overwhelmed when taking care of Nat? 
Ichika grew uneasy thinking about it. 
Meanwhile, Sasha who had just cleared all her work in Jadeborough joined in the conversation. 
Sasha: Sab, how could you ask something so personal in a family chat group? 
Sabrina: Why not? What’s wrong with that? 
Sasha explained: It makes people feel uneasy. If there’s no news from a pair of newlyweds, they’re probably not planning to have a baby at the moment. What about you? Jaena is almost three now. When are you planning for a second child? I thought Devin was dropping hints here and there that he wanted another baby. 
Out of the blue, the unexpected question made Sabrina feel so awkward. 
A second child? This thought had never crossed her mind. 
The little rascal tires me out on a daily basis. Now that she has finally turned three years old, I can’t wait to send her to preschool in the second half of the year. Don’t anyone dare bring up the topic of having a second child! 
Sabrina paid no heed to the message. 
In the afternoon, she brought Jaena along to the military base to deliver Devin some homecooked lunch. When she was there, she caught Devin frolicking with a colleague’s baby. 
“Come on, smile! Give me a nice one, please?”
There was a sparkle in his eyes when he caressed the baby’s chubby cheeks with his fingers. His gaze was filled with tender loving care. 
“Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson, since you like kids so much, why don’t you and your wife bear one more? Your daughter is already three. It’s time you give her another sibling.” 
“It’s okay. It’s too tiring for her to take care of the kiddo. We can stick with having only one child.” 
The honest and caring man rejected the idea immediately, leaving Sabrina speechless. 
At that moment, she felt something bugging her and a strong urge to cry. 
Later that night, they routinely had dinner and put Jaena to sleep. When Sabrina returned to the bedroom, she made it a point to address the man who was working hard at the desk. 
“Darling, I’m going to take a shower.” 
“Sure, go ahead.” 
Devin was quite occupied lately as he had to plan a combat drill for the new soldiers who had been receiving training for a while now. 
Devin continued making strategic plans on his laptop. Suddenly, an alluring scent caught him by surprise. Stunned, he removed his gaze from his laptop screen and looked ahead, only to see his woman standing before him. 
However, she was not wearing her usual pajamas. 
Conversely, she put on a satin black nightdress with super hot shorts. Her fair and long legs were out on display. In the dim light, she looked exceptionally attractive to him.
“Darling, why… why are you wearing this tonight?” 
“Hmm?” Sabrina turned her head while fluffing the duvet. 
“Oh, this? It’s much cooling. I bought this when I went shopping with Sasha two days ago. Do I look good in it?” 
Seeing that the busy man had noticed her new nightie, she gave up fluffing the bed and strode toward him. 
Devin was holding his breath. 
Staring at her figure, he could not resist her. As she approached him, he pulled her into his embrace and sat her on his lap. 
“Ah!” she shouted. “Darling, what are you doing?” 
“Didn’t you do this on purpose? Don’t you know that I’ve been suppressing my urge for a very long time? Are you planning to let me devour you right before I go on a work trip?” he asked with a coarse voice while running his arms around her slender waist. 
Sabrina was at a loss for words. 
Nope, that’s not my intention. 
Anyhow, she achieved success when playing with fire. Subsequently, she was carried by her man to the bed. 
As he was turning off the lights, a question sounded, “Hold on a second… It’s not your safe week, is it? Let me go get what we need.”
A pair of gentle hands pulled him back, followed by an amorous kiss. Gradually, she became more proactive, resulting in him plunging deeper into the sea of fiery passion. They were both lost in each other. 
When Sabrina woke up feeling exhausted the following day, the man was already gone. 
###Chapter 1474
Chapter 1474
Chapter 1474 Could Not Be Offended 
“Ms. Sabrina, Mr. Jadeson has left for the military base. He mentioned that he’ll be back in a few days’ time. Should you feel bored at home, please feel free to visit Oceanic Estate,” a housemaid relayed the message to her upon seeing that she was up. 
Oceanic Estate again? 
Sabrina was rather reluctant to do so. After all, she wished that it would not feel so lonesome at home each time Devin left for work. 
After getting up, she made her bed. Then, she carried her child in one arm, picked up her handbag with another, put on her shades and headed out in her stilettos. 
Half an hour later, she arrived at Moonlight Bar located in the city. 
“Sabrina, you…” 
Riley had been manning the bar through the night till dawn. Right when she was about to close it, an upset woman showed up at the entrance with a child. 
Sabrina removed her sunglasses and questioned, “What’s wrong? As the owner of the bar, am I not welcome here?” 
Riley answered, “I don’t have an opinion on that. However, it’s not exactly the best thing to do for you to keep heading here with the child. Remember that one time when you were caught red handed by my
brother? He’s going to give me an earful if he finds out!” 
Her brother was none other than Edmund. 
Apparently, Sabrina could not bear idling around when she returned to Jadeborough. Hence, she opened a bar. 
Due to her lack of experience in this area, Sabrina engaged Edmund’s help, knowing that he had always been involved in similar business back in Yorksland. From operating bars to casinos, he knew it all. 
Her original intention was to either sink or swim together. 
“He should mind his own business. Open the door, would you? Let me see the sales from last night. Oh, by the way, do you still have sufficient liquor? Anything to restock?” Sabrina insisted. 
Just like that, she presented her demands, and there was hardly any room for discussion. 
Annoyed, Riley acquiesced in her decision and ended up opening the door obediently for her. 
Sabrina had a domineering aura by nature. Even though they were both heiresses of two wealthy families, Sabrina had a stronger presence when compared to Riley. 
Meanwhile, Edmund was actually going nuts about a series of data at work when he got the news. 
Bang! As soon as he received the unpleasant updates, he flung his pen on the desk. 
“Mr. Cooper, are you okay? Any problems with the data?” concerned, a colleague sitting beside him raised his head and asked right away. 
It was nothing new to see Edmund getting irritated ever since he was transferred to the Audit Department a year ago. He had been often challenged by the complicated numbers and statistics
review. 
Isn’t he an accounting graduate? Why would he get headaches when facing numbers? 
Seeing that his veins were bulging, his colleagues decided to lend a hand. 
Yet, Edmund shut his computer down. 
“I need to get a breather. Call me if anything.” He left upon saying so, leaving his colleagues at a loss for words. 
That’s what we get when our status is different. Well, he’s the son of the former Senate Speaker, Benedict Cooper. Although his father has passed on, people here still show him respect. 
Edmund left his company for Moonlight Bar. 
Upon arrival, he caught a child running out of the premises, ignoring her mother’s yelling from afar. The little kid was dressed in a dungaree and a barret. 
“Stand right there, Jaena Jadeson! Put that bottle down, you little rascal!” 
The corner of Edmund’s eyes twitched when he saw what the munchkin was holding in her arms, an important premium liquor which easily cost hundreds of thousands! 
“Eh?” 
Jaena lugged the wine bottle all the way to the entrance. When she realized that she was blocked by a towering figure, she stopped and looked up. 
“Daddy Cooper? Why are you here? You weren’t here just now, were you?” she asked naively while blinking her bright eyes, which looked identical to her father’s.
The corner of Edmund’s eyes twitched even harder. Yet, his heart was totally melted by the sweet voice calling him “Daddy Cooper”. 
Bending down, he gazed at the little naughty girl. “Yup, I just came down from the sky. I saw that you’ve angered your mom. Thus, I’m here to teach you a lesson.” 
Hmm? 
Gradually, she released her grip on the wine bottle. 
“I didn’t upset Mommy. I wanted to put this in the car and then transport it to her. 
“Car?” Edmund was baffled. 
The little girl hurriedly pointed toward his back. “Yeah, look! That’s what Daddy bought for me. The new car can carry many items. I think it can fetch you around too, Daddy Cooper.” 
What? Man, that’s truly something else when you’re born with a silver spoon in your mouth. She’s only three years old, but her toy car is so flashy. This probably costs tens of thousands! 
In the end, Edmund felt obliged to fulfill the little munchkin’s request, which was to place the bottle in the trunk of her new ride. Subsequently, he got into the car, and let the little dearie take him for a spin around the bar.
###Chapter 1475
Chapter 1475
Chapter 1475 Taboo 
Moments later, Edmund walked into the bar. 
Sabrina immediately confronted him, “Are you crazy? Why are you fooling around with a child?” 
Edmund rebutted, “Didn’t you gift her this car? I’m certain that you’re the one who have lost your mind.” 
They could never have a decent conversation. 
Seeing all these, Riley was gloating within. 
Keep it going! It’s best they have a fallout and cut off ties on bad terms. Perhaps, the Coopers might inherit the bar if that happens. And I will stand a chance to rise on top. 
Unfortunately, the two were back to normal after a usual quarrel. 
“How much did you make last night?” 
“Over five hundred thousand. After deducting the cost, the gross profit is less than half,” Sabrina frowned as she reported the earnings she had just tabulated. 
Riley stood by the side and scoffed at them.
With a net profit of two hundred over thousand within one night, a month’s earning would easily hit six million. What else does she want? 
What was more astounding to her was that her brother was equally dissatisfied. 
“Right. For a location like this, the regular daily revenue should achieve at least a million.” 
“Shall we invest in other things?” Sabrina was fishing for new ideas while giving him an inquisitive look. 
However, the man sneered. “I’m fine with anything. After all, it’s my forte. Haven’t I told you that there are plenty of options? There’s no problem with me as long as you’re able to convince your man.” 
His response shut her up because she knew exactly what he was trying to hint at her. 
Convince Devin? Hmph! He didn’t even agree to me opening up a bar. As a wife to an honorable leader in the military, I should really pick the type of business I want to do. 
Hence, Moonlight Bar was registered under Sebastian’s name. 
Should I venture into something else? Gambling? Or hire a few pole dancers? 
In the end, Sabrina rolled her eyes at Edmund and left thereafter. 
When Edmund was about to leave the bar, Riley stopped him. 
“Did you sneak out from work again? Edmund, are you aware that it’s mid-year now? The employee performance review for the Audit Department is just around the corner. There’s a slim chance you’ll be promoted if you keep behaving this way.” 
“Haha…” 
As soon as she started giving him a piece of her mind, Edmund’s expression turned strangely cold.
“Why don’t you go for it since you’re so keen?” 
“You…” Riley could not find the words to refute him. 
Indeed, she was anxious. 
Since the passing of their father, the Coopers struggled to keep themselves together. Although the Jadesons had been very gracious not to reveal the truth behind Benedict’s death, their family was loathed by the people in Jadeborough. 
Therefore, Edmund became their only hope when he landed himself a career with the government. 
Furious, Riley’s eyes turned bloodshot. 
“Edmund, I know you couldn’t care less about this job, and neither are you concerned about the Coopers. But Dad had never ill-treated you when he was alive despite all of the bad things he had committed. You lived a far better life compared to your three sisters. Can’t you just pick yourself up and do better for his sake?” 
Edmund remains silent. 
“It doesn’t matter to me nor my two younger sisters because we’ll eventually marry into new families, be it good or bad ones. We won’t carry the Cooper’s last name forever. However, you’re different. You will forever be a Cooper. Think about that for the sake of your children and even grandchildren whether you like it or not. Do you want them to live a life like ours? To be forever hated?” 
She broke down into tears. 
Within the Coopers, Riley was one of the more understanding individuals. She was the type who would plan ahead with a vision. This was also the reason why Edmund could easily enter the Cooper residence soon after Benedict died.
Riley was well aware that her stepbrother was their last hope upon losing their father. 
Edmund had nothing to say. He waited till Riley was about to leave before heading toward his workplace. 
Seeing so, Riley heaved a sigh of relief. 
After closing the bar, she went home, only to find her home-alone mother lamenting. Her sisters were nowhere to be seen. 
“What’s wrong, Mom? Why are you always sighing?” Riley asked. 
Gabriella responded, “Nothing, I’m just thinking when will days like these end. Though your brother has got a job now with the government, his salary isn’t much. How is that enough to cover all the expenses?” 
She continued, “Oh, should we matchmake him with a good family? What about those from the Senate? This way, we can ride along and have a better life.” 
Gabriella started scheming. 
Riley’s face fell when she heard that. 
“Mom, do you think that the situation we’re in now isn’t troubled enough? He’s just starting to settle down in the department, and here you are, asking for another round of tussle. Let me warn you that you’re going to beg on the streets if you piss him off!” 
Feeling indignant, she lashed out on her mother. 
Yes, no one in the entire Cooper family should irritate Edmund. Otherwise, none of us will live to see the daylight.
Riley knew him too well. There might be room for discussion if it concerns other matters. Marriage is taboo. He’s extremely reticent about his personal affairs. 
She had prepared herself to accept the fact that he only wanted to give his all to that woman. 
As long as he rebuilds the family name, I’ll never ever use marriage to threaten him and put him in an emotional quandary. 
###Chapter 1476
Chapter 1476
Chapter 1476 Is There A Bun In The Oven 
The following day, Sabrina brought Jaena back to Oceanic Estate. 
“Mark? You’re here today? Is there anything?” 
She was surprised to see Mark because he had not been showing up at the estate ever since Jonathan retired. 
Mark grinned. “Nothing much. I’m just here to accompany Old Mr. Jadeson for a hike.” 
By hiking, he meant they were making a trip to Aquene Temple. 
Tilting her head, Sabrina thought about her plan for the day. “Then, please bring her along.” She pointed at the little munchkin who had run outside to the garden to play. 
“Huh?” Mark was amused. 
In the end, both Jonathan and Mark took the little girl along with them. 
It had become Jonathan’s habit a year ago to take a trip to the mountains. Though Shin remained a hermit, Jonathan would often pay him a visit. 
Sometimes, they would have tea together. Other times, he felt contented just being able to stop by and see Shin. 
Now that Jaena was gone, Sabrina finally had some free time to herself. 
“What are you up to, Sasha? I need a favor.” 
“Hmm?” Sasha turned and asked. She was at the storeroom doing inventory and allocating goods for to different parts of the house. 
“What about, Sab?” 
Considering how busy Sasha was, sweating profusely while having her hands full, Sabrina decided not to bring up her question. 
She pressed her lips. “Forget it, we’ll talk when you’re done. What are you doing? Are these things going to The Ataraxy and Gossamer Creek?” 
“Yup. It’s almost summer now. If we don’t find them some work to do, they would end up asking from Oceanic Estate.” 
Sasha got all worked up when she talked about them. 
Since that dreadful incident, the people who remain in the Jadeson family are all too weak. Colton’s family and Connor’s two children are the only ones left in The Ataraxy. 
As for Gossamer Creek, it’s never been exceptional. When Lexi was still around, he would lead them in some projects. Now, they are heavily relying on Oceanic Estate for assistance. 
Sabrina knew that too. She was equally displeased with the current situation.
“What a bunch of rotten apples! I’ve got no idea why Grandpa insists on keeping them? Isn’t it better to leave them to die?” 
“He values family relationship, especially the root of the Jadesons. Well, he does have good intentions.” 
Sasha let out a huge sigh before continuing the work. 
She had been terribly disturbed by this matter recently. 
Ever since Sebastian took over the two military factories owned by the Jadesons, he managed to turn things around successfully and quadrupled the revenues. 
Unfortunately, there were still a group of useless peeps within the family, receiving and not contributing at all. Sasha was very much affected by them. 
“Hey, why don’t they go work at my bar? What do you think, Sasha? Why didn’t I think of this earlier? I’m here today because I wanted to consult you about the poor business at my bar. I thought of picking your brain for ideas. Let’s plan around this, create a couple more projects and expand the business. Then, we can recruit these idling souls as manpower. What do you think?” 
Folding her arms across her chest, Sabrina’s eyes lit up all of a sudden at the thought. 
Sasha froze for a second. 
That’s right! Why didn’t I think about this? 
Instantly, she tossed the items in her hands away and exited the warehouse. The two ladies started strategizing as they took a stroll in the garden.
Shortly after, Sasha texted the family chat group: Is everyone here? I’ve got something that I need to seek your advice. 
Sebastian: What is it? 
It was everyone’s first time seeing him replying in a flash. 
Sabrina: Well, we discussed this briefly at noon. There are way too many unwanted resources at the Jadeson residence, so we’ve decided to find a better use for all of them. 
Both Devin and Jonathan were left speechless. 
What’s up with these two ladies and their baffling idea? Why should a reputable family like the Jadesons do that? 
In the end, Rufus chimed in to appease the situation. 
Rufus: 
Hold your horses and tell us more about what you have in mind. 
Sabrina kept quiet. 
Sasha: We’re trying to come up with something that benefits Sab’s bar. Currently, we have the intention to venture into hotel management and the entertainment industries. Does anyone have anything else to suggest? 
Solomon: Hotel is better. Make it unique. You can look into food and beverage too, it comes in a package. Additionally, you can create a themed restaurant, one that showcases local culture. 
Ichika: Wow! Izakaya! Japanese cuisine!
Ichika suddenly appeared in the chat group and shared her two cents excitedly. Everyone could tell that she was so thrilled. 
Sabrina’s eyes gleamed. 
Sabrina: Bingo! Why didn’t I think of that? That’s it, let’s do that. We can transform the bar into an izakaya. Oh boy, I don’t think there’s one here yet. And the cuisine too! Hahaha… 
Even through the screen, one could imagine how she chortled boisterously at her own message.
###Chapter 1477
Chapter 1477
Chapter 1477 The Coopers Are Doomed 
All the men fell silent. 
The development of the conversations implied that the three females were about to gather and chat more. 
Old memories from that one time they went to a hot spring came back to haunt the guys. They remembered vividly how terrifying it was to be controlled by the ladies. 
Apart from that awful experience, Solomon was also fearful of being alone at home should his beau left for Jadeborough. 
No doubt leading a reclusive life was nothing new to him, he was a changed person ever since he had tasted the goodness of having such a wonderful company. 
He could not imagine how dejected he would be if that much-needed beam of sunshine were to disappear from his life. 
Hence, Solomon felt rather gloomy for the rest of the afternoon. 
When he got home in the evening, the woman at home rushed out excitedly just as he had expected. 
“Darling, I’m heading to Jadeborough. Are you okay with that?”
Well, can I say no? 
Seeing that she had already packed her luggage, he paused for a bit before responding. “Are you planning on becoming a shareholder? Or you’re just going to share your knowledge with them?” 
“Needless to say, I opted to teach them. How can I keep staying in Jadeborough? Darling, don’t you want me by your side?” 
Taken aback by his question, Ichika blinked her eyes, feeling aggrieved. 
Solomon said nothing. What a silly girl! 
Heaving a sigh of relief, he decided to cook a sumptuous meal for his wife that night. 
Ichika had always idolized her husband blindly. She was so moved when she saw how lavish dinner was. Thrilled, she applauded in support. 
“Mmm… It’s so delicious, Darling! You’re fantastic! I’ve never tasted these before.” 
Although she was a bit exaggerated, he gladly received her kind words as compliments. 
In between dinner and bedtime, Solomon personally packed some daily necessities and clothes for Ichika. 
“So… If you feel unwell or need anything, remember to give me a call.” 
“Huh?” 
She was resting her head on his chest. Upon hearing his sudden reminder, she propped her head up and stared at him in the dark.
“Why would I feel unwell? Darling?” She was clueless. 
Instead of responding, he embraced her and then caressed her flat tummy with his big palm. 
Is there a bun in the oven? 
“Darling?” she muttered coquettishly while burying her head in his arms. 
A conversation was unnecessary at that point. Solomon went with the flow and started his amorous advances by pinning her beneath him. 
Regardless, we’ll get there if we keep trying. 
Then, it was a night of passion for the duo. 
Three days later, the three ladies from the Hayes family gathered at Sabrina’s bar—all ready to take on the world. 
Edmund briefly heard about it. Hence, he sneaked out from work again. 
“Are you ladies for real? How can this be?” 
Edmund almost fell from his chair when he witnessed how the trio had started working on renovating the bar. With conflicting emotions, he was impressed, yet astonished. 
Sabrina scoffed, “Definitely! Did you think that I was joking? By the way, Mr. Cooper, we need a budget of ten million. Are you investing?” 
What?
Edmund froze for a good ten seconds as he stared right into her eyes. Subsequently, he reprimanded her, “Do I look like an idiot to you, Sabrina? This project needs ten million?” 
“That’s right, ten million. If you have it, please invest. Otherwise, get lost,” Sabrina cut to the chase. 
Edmund almost fainted from his fit of anger. 
Moments later, Sasha strode toward them with the hope of easing the tension in the air. She consoled the man, “Don’t listen to her. A capital of two million is all that is required from you. We’ll stick to the current share distribution.” 
“That’s more like it.” Edmund calmed down upon hearing that. 
Right when he was about to transfer the funds using his phone, Sasha cast him a look, seemingly thinking about something. 
“You don’t need to fork out anything yet. Let Sab foot the bill for renovation. You keep your money to purchase the goods for the opening and use it as cash flow. It’s more organized this way, don’t you think?” 
Keeping quiet, Edmund stared at her blankly. 
How should I answer this question? This doesn’t seem like a fair deal to all of them. How can I not contribute a penny when there’s a huge refurbishment going on? 
Keeping the funds to ease the cash flow later? Will they actually use my money then? Once we start operating this entertainment business, the ins and outs of funds will be massive. 
Edmund paled at that thought. 
“Are you looking down on me? Do you think that I don’t have the money?”
“No, no, please don’t misunderstand me. I was just thinking that you might need to prioritize your resources because I heard that your sister is getting married soon. You should go ahead and prepare the dowry. Other matters are all secondary. We’ll be fine,” Sasha justified herself instantly. She was worried that he might have misinterpreted her good intentions. 
In fact, she did take the Coopers’ financial situation into account before proposing so. 
###Chapter 1478
Chapter 1478
Chapter 1478 Is It Worth It 
Edmund was still rooted to the spot when Sasha left. Everyone was occupied. Nobody paid extra attention to him, and neither did anyone notice when he walked out of the bar. 
The next few days, Riley did not show up at the bar because something happened at the Coopers. 
Her youngest sister was knocked up by a man. Consequently, she had to get hitched soonest possible. 
“Riley, I can’t marry into his family just like that. We should demand for a house and a car at the very least. Otherwise, it’s downright humiliating for me. How am I supposed to stand up for myself in his family?” 
“Yeah, she’s right! Nothing lesser than that,” Gabriella chimed in. 
Riley went ballistic and retorted her sister, “Is that all you care about? Do you think you have the cheek to make demands after having premarital sex and getting pregnant? The Coopers are now a laughing stock because of you. Yet, all that you can think of now is wanting a house and a flashy car?” 
How she wished she could knock some sense into her! 
Why do we have such a twisted mentality in the Coopers? 
Ironically, her sister did not feel sorry at all. Conversely, she failed to recognize her mistake and behaved even more ridiculously.
“Yes, I’m the black sheep of the family. But, how is this my fault? Dad passed away without leaving us with anything, causing others to despise us. I was just trying to find a good family to depend on for the sake of giving the Coopers a better life.” 
“You…” Riley was so furious that her body started shaking from anger. 
In the end, Gabriella had to separate her two daughters. She pulled Riley into her room. 
“Riley, that man has a decent family background. His father works at the Naval Force. Though his position isn’t very high, a family as such is considered above average. Do you remember Desmond Croll? He too climbed the social ladder step by step and raised to the top eventually,” Gabriella advised her daughter earnestly. 
Rubbing her palms, Riley had no choice but to agree to the marriage. She closed her eyes, trying to suppress her displeasure. 
“Fine, I got it. I’ll find a way to sort out the dowry. It’s best you stay at home and monitor her. Don’t let her mess things up any further.” 
She left the room right away. 
A house and a car… 
According to the standards of living in Jadeborough, these would cost approximately five to six million at the very minimum. For a family like the Coopers who were already struggling to make ends meet, it was almost impossible to have a wedding ceremony. 
Bothered by financial quandary, Riley arrived at a nightclub.
“Oh hey, it’s Ms. Cooper! What brings you here today? Didn’t you swear not to return again?” the lady boss at the nightclub mocked her. 
Clenching her teeth, Riley endured the jeer. She used up all of the energy that she had left to prevent her from running away. 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Malvich. I was too ignorant last time. Could you please… contact the client once more? I can keep him company tonight. However, I hope the price can be raised further to five million.” 
She dug her sharp nails right into her palm when she spoke the last sentence. 
Five million? Geri was amused and nearly burst out laughing. 
A down and out socialite who is no longer a young and fine girl is asking for five million? What gives? Who does she think she is? 
Geri hesitated for a moment. As soon as she recalled how filthy rich the client was, she started plotting to her advantage. 
“Sure, I promise you. Can you start working now?” 
“O-okay…” Riley shut her eyes and nodded her head quickly. Then, she entered the nightclub. 
Later that evening, Edmund noticed the absence of Riley when he got home. On the contrary, he realized that Gabriella and his two stepsisters looked exceptionally cheerful. 
They were all browsing some brochures from a real estate company. There were also several car magazines in their hands. 
“You’re back?” Gabriella greeted him as soon as he stepped foot into the house.
After sweeping a cold gaze over her, Edmund headed to his bedroom straight away. 
“Why is he acting like he’s a big deal? He will soon kneel before me and plead for my help once I’m married,” the youngest of his three ladies proclaimed proudly. 
“Just ignore him. Let’s continue with our selection,” another one urged. 
Edmund did not hear what they said. When he came out from the shower, it was already nine in the evening. 
Buzz… Buzz… 
“Hello?” 
“Hi, Mr. Cooper. I was at the nightclub, and I think I saw your sister being dragged away. Do you want to come over?” 
It was his colleague. 
Frowning, he was oblivious to the concept of having a sister. He blurted, “What sister? Who?” 
His colleague replied, “Riley Cooper. I’m certain that she was crying when the old man took her away. I’m afraid something might have happened…” 
Slap! He slammed the phone. 
Coincidentally, the weather turned gloomy. A bolt of lightning flashed in between the clouds, illuminating the bedroom through the window. 
Riley? No wonder I had a feeling that someone was missing when I was downstairs.
###Chapter 1479
Chapter 1479
Chapter 1479 Something Unheard Of 
By the time Edmund got to that old man’s villa, he could hear Riley screaming frantically from upstairs. 
“No! Don’t do this to me, Mr. Spencer. I’m only here to test the wine for you, nothing else. Stop please, or I’ll call up the police.” 
“Test the wine?” a disgusting voice asked. 
“Ms. Cooper, who is willing to spend six million on you just for testing out the wine? Are you made of gold? Let me be honest with you, it’s because you’re a Cooper. If it was someone else, I wouldn’t give her this price, even if the person is a virgin.” 
Cackling hideously, he attempted to jump on poor Riley again, causing her to shriek in fear. 
“No… No, it can’t be! That’s not what Ms. Malvich told me. Last time, she mentioned it’s for wine tasting. She didn’t… she didn’t say anything else…” 
“It clearly shows that she’s tricked you. Wine tasting? True that. I’m the wine. Come on over and enjoy.” 
Staying downstairs, Edmund could hear the commotion going on. He furrowed his brows in rage. 
Without hesitation, he went back to his car and fetched himself a baseball bat. 
Within minutes, the terrified woman on the first floor had been slapped across the face, laying on the bed feeling devastated. 
Bang! Suddenly, the door was kicked open, and Edmund darted into the room. 
The moment he saw the big, fat, and ugly man pinning himself against Riley, he swung the bat in his hands and smashed it into his head. 
Thump! 
The old man collapsed on the floor without a sound. 
Riley was totally shocked to the core. She was still trying to process what had just happened. A familiar face dashed into the room and beat up Roger. 
After what seemed like an eternity, tears started rolling down from the corner of her eyes. 
Initially, Edmund wanted to lash it out on her because he felt humiliated by the stupid old man. 
Why would the Coopers resort to committing such dirty acts to gain a living? Is she that shameless or am I that useless? 
He clenched his jaw as a menacing look flashed across his eyes. Seeing her split lip and sorrowful wailing, he withheld his pent-up anger. 
A few minutes later, he carried the woman downstairs and to the car. 
“Edmund, please… don’t tell anyone about this,” she pleaded upon struggling to string her words into a sentence. 
By then, she had calmed down. Sitting in the car, she fidgeted with the jacket which he used to cover her up.
“Hmph!” he scoffed with disdain, just as she had expected. 
“Riley, who do you think you are? Mother Theresa? Did Benedict write explicitly in his will that you should shoulder the burden of each and every useless being in the Cooper family?” 
Shutting her eyes tightly, she could not respond at all. Her face turned pale and tears were gleaming on her lashes. 
His words were like a sharp needle, piercing through her heart mercilessly. 
“No, but Dad is no longer here. As the eldest child, I just feel that I’m obliged to take care of all of you. This is my responsibility. I can’t allow the family members to go separate ways.” 
Edmund was flabbergasted. 
What? Taking care of me? She’s only a few years my senior and want to take care of me? 
Looking away, he snorted in disbelief. 
“You are just being silly. They aren’t little kids anymore who need your tender loving care. What are their hands and feet for?” he refuted. However, his tone became much gentle. 
Upon hearing that, Riley’s eyes turned red. 
What he said is true. But, what can I do? My two sisters are like that. 
“I don’t have a way out. This is the reality. All that I can do for her is to ensure that she gets a decent wedding. I don’t want people to comment on her that she has lost her dignity just because she’s pregnant before getting married. I don’t want to see that she can’t even keep her chin up.” 
“She very well deserves it!” Edmund hit the ceiling after hearing her justification.
“She’s an adult. Why should you bear the consequences of her foolishness when a twenty plus years old person like her couldn’t behave herself? Let me tell you, Riley. I’ve never planned to give her a single dime. She has only two options. First, abort the child. Second, leave the house and cut off ties with the Coopers!” he enunciated each of the words spoken. 
At that moment, all of his suppressed rage over the years manifested like an incredible hulk. 
Indeed, how could anyone forget that he was a good-for-nothing spoiled brat? One who was infamous for being ruthless and brutal in Jadeborough. Technically, he was second to none in that aspect. 
Riley dared not utter another word. 
Thereafter, the duo returned to the Cooper residence. 
It was a dramatic irony for them to enter a house with a pin-drop silence after experiencing an overwhelming incident. 
Gabriella and her two other daughters were already in bed, sleeping soundly. 
Disappointed, Riley’s face turned ashen while hanging her head low. 
Edmund said nothing more besides asking a housemaid to usher her back to the room. 
Then, he slumped on the couch. Crossing his legs, he commanded, “Get Violet here, now!” 
“Yes, Mr. Cooper.” 
An old housemaid, who was still serving the family, hurriedly went upstairs.
###Chapter 1480
Chapter 1480
Chapter 1480 An Illegitimate Child 
Violet was annoyingly awakened in the middle of the night. 
“What the heck do you want, old fart? I’m sleeping! Moreover, I’m pregnant. If something happens to me, I won’t spare you.” 
She yelled so loud that the entire household could hear her. 
The old housemaid bowed her head. “I’m sorry, Ms. Violet. Mr. Cooper… asks for you.” 
Mr. Cooper? That illegitimate child? 
Reluctantly, Violet dragged herself downstairs in her pajamas. 
Meanwhile, Gabriella heard the noise and got out of her bedroom on the first floor too. 
When the both of them arrived at the living room, they saw a man with his legs crossed and a lit cigarette in between his fingers. Looking grim, his face contorted in wrath, sending shivers down their spines. 
“Um… Is there anything?” 
The observant Gabriella could sense that something was very off. Thus, she asked softly.
Violet remained quiet. 
Edmund snickered at the pair of mother and daughter. “Nope. I’ve called a doctor to bring her to the hospital and get rid of what’s in her belly.” 
“What did you say?” Violet lost her temper. 
“What’s this about, Edmund? What right do you have to do that to my baby? It’s mine. What’s it got to do with you?” she yelled at the top of her lungs. 
She was very close to calling him a bast*rd and stating that he was in no position to meddle with the affairs of the Coopers. 
What a mutt! 
“Are you unwilling to do so? Fine. Let’s talk about the second option then. From now on, leave the Cooper residence. Whatever that you do henceforth, be it getting married or slacking off your whole life, it no longer matters to the Coopers,” Edmund went straight to the point. 
Violet was shocked. 
“Who do you think you are to shoo me out of the house? I’m a real Cooper, unlike you, an illegitimate child! Do you know where you stand?” 
“I sure do. Everyone else regards me, the illegitimate child, as the man of the house whereas the rest of you are the parasites in the family. Is this reason strong enough for you?” 
Casting the cigarette ashes aside, Edmund said placidly without showing any rage. 
However, each word spoken struck that woman like a slap in the face, one after another. 
Instantly, her face turned ugly, and she could not rebut him at all.
“Just you wait, Edmund! I won’t let this go.” 
In the midst of her fury, Violet said, “Just you wait, Edmund! I won’t let this go.” Subsequently, she proudly left the house in her pajamas. 
Seeing that, Gabriella became worried and anxious. 
On the contrary, Edmund was extremely delighted that the biggest parasite in the family had decided to leave. 
With that, he called it a day and went back to his room. 
The next morning, Riley found out about the incident. 
Her heart sank right there and then, but she chose to turn a blind eye this time. 
Unexpectedly, the old housemaid approached her. 
“Ms. Riley, this is your plane ticket. Mr. Cooper has instructed me to book you the flight at noon to Yorksland. I think you need to pack up soon.” 
“What?” Riley was super surprised. 
Yorksland? Why does he want me to go there out of the blue? 
She had not the slightest idea about this. 
Meanwhile, Edmund arrived at Oceanic Estate, looking for Sebastian early in the morning. What a rare occasion! 
Sasha asked, “You are… looking for him? Did something happen?”
Astounded, she assumed that the Coopers had some financial problems. 
At that time, Sebastian came down from upstairs. When he saw his guest, he uttered placidly, “No worries, dear. We’ll be at the observation tower. Please bring us some tea.” 
“Oh, sure!” 
Since her husband did not show much response, Sasha went away. 
Moments later at the observation tower… 
The best time to visit the tower was during sunrise when the morning sun gradually emerged from the horizon and navigated itself to the sky. As its dazzling ray beamed down on the vast ocean, it illuminated the ripples, creating a magnificent sparkly effect on its surface. 
Sebastian picked his seat and then cleared the items on the table. 
Edmund sat opposite him. 
“Sebastian, I’m here today to ask about my… assets. Can I access them?” 
“What’s up? Need money?” Wearing a poker face, Sebastian gazed at him. 
Feeling rather uneasy, Edmund replied, “Well, not quite. It’s just that… Um… It’s been more than a year now. I just wanted to know when can I have them? Is it time yet?” 
While explaining briefly, his eyes flickered, revealing the fact that he did have a hidden agenda he was yet to talk about. 
The assets parked under the family name of Cooper were actually acquired by Sebastian from Jetroina. Back then, he advised Edmund not to touch it, especially when there was chaos in the family recently. The Jadesons protected Benedict for the sake of Edmund, in order to shield him from Eddie.
Due to that, there was a need for him to stash away the money and assets he had attained when he was with Eddie.
###Chapter 1481
Chapter 1481
Chapter 1481 He Likes Sabrina 
Therefore, Edmund had been working at the auditing bureau these two years as per the arrangement the Jadesons had made for him. Never once did he ever lay a finger on the assets that belonged to the Coopers. 
As a result, his reputation as an heir who had suffered a downfall preceded him. 
Sebastian poured himself a cup of tea and took a sip. 
“The timing isn’t an issue. It’s all about an effective whitewashing.” 
“Whitewashing?” Edmund repeated. “How should I go about doing it?” 
“The best way to turn it around is to prove that the money was legally earned. There’s a cadre from the Air Force, whose family does some small business. I heard that his daughter has taken a liking for you. You might want to consider that,” Sebastian hinted indifferently. 
Hearing that, Edmund fell silent. His face went blank. 
Consider? What does he mean? Does he want me to marry Ms. Zander? 
His chest heaved rapidly while a downcast expression appeared on his face. 
“So, you want me to go against my will and marry her?” 
“I didn’t. The decision is yours to make. I only asked you to consider. In fact, you’ve made your choice, haven’t you? Apart from sending Riley to Yorksland, you also came looking for me. Didn’t you do all these to make inroads for her to take over your former business?” 
Sebastian looked up and narrowed his gaze, exuding a slightly hostile aura. He was displeased that his good intentions were misinterpreted. 
Edmund said nothing. His face was all red. 
After a while, he lowered his head and apologized in a hoarse voice, “I’m sorry, I was too emotional. I… I just couldn’t accept it.” 
The reality was too harsh for him to face. At that point, the notorious man who possessed a cynical attitude to life was totally despondent. 
He had no choice but to accept the hard facts. His eyes were void of even the slightest hint of hope. 
Sebastian pursed his lips, feeling quite sorry for him. 
“You can just let them be. Riley is a good person, but ditch the rest of them. There’s no need for you to carry the Coopers on your shoulders. They’re not related to you. You are free to get your assets back, return to Yorksland, and start anew there. I can guarantee that no one will ever come after you.” 
At the end of his statement, Sebastian gave him a promise. 
Edmund looked down and remained silent. 
When Sasha came over to serve them a new set of tea, he stood up from his seat. 
“Are you leaving?”
“Yup, thank you for your time.” 
Shortly after, he excused himself. 
Sasha did not sit down until she saw him left. 
“What’s the matter? He didn’t look all right. Is there anything serious?” 
“Yup, he has to clear the mess that Benedict’s daughters have caused. He needed to use his fortune, but it was not made available to him. In the end, I shared with him another idea,” Sebastian came clean with his wife and gave her a quick summary. 
Sasha was curious. “What idea did you give him? He didn’t look very happy. Was it a bad idea?” 
“I guess so. I asked him to marry a woman.” 
A devilish smirk flashed across his face while he poured the tea leaves away. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
That’s the worst idea of all. 
It had been a year since Edmund returned. Although he vowed not to desire Sabrina nor get entangled in her life, he never moved on. 
He did not pursue any other women in the past year. That action alone spoke volumes about his intention. 
Upon mulling over quietly, Sasha continued, “So, what’s the outcome then? We shouldn’t force him if he’s reluctant to take a step forward. Anyway, we ought to help him whenever we can.”
“Yes,” Sebastian agreed right away. 
That was one of his valuable traits. Even though he was upset, he would still lend a hand if he could. 
After that, the couple continued to enjoy the tea. 
Right when they thought the matter was over, a piece of shocking news went viral in Jadeborough three days later. Rumor had it that Edmund was spotted hanging out in a shopping mall with Tillie Zander. 
“Whoa! That guy has a girlfriend? This truly rare.” That was Sabrina’s reaction when she first heard about the news. 
She could still remember the scenes in Yorksland vividly. 
There would always be women having catfights to win Edmund over. Later on, unsure what happened, he was never seen with any girls ever again as if he had become a monk. 
Ichika was overjoyed too. 
“Should we invite him over and have a party to congratulate him?” 
“That’s a brilliant idea!” Sabrina concurred with her suggestion. 
Sasha smiled without offering any opinion. 
In the afternoon, Sabrina received a phone call when she was getting ready for the celebration. 
“Ms. Hayes, I heard that my brother is getting engaged to Ms. Zander. Was he forced into it? Can you help me find that out, please? Is he in trouble?” It was Riley, whom she had not seen for a while now.
Bewildered, Sabrina questioned, “Hey Riley, isn’t it great that your brother is getting engaged? What’s wrong? Why are you so worked up? Shouldn’t you be happy for him?” 
“I would if that’s what he wants. But, Ms. Hayes, I’m certain that this marriage isn’t what he wants,” Riley stated firmly over the phone. 
Sabrina became even more confused. “Riley Cooper, are you insane? How can you be so sure about your brother’s will? You’re not him.” 
“Of course, I know him like the palm of my hand. The person that Edmund likes has been you all along, Ms. Hayes.”
###Chapter 1482
Chapter 1482
Chapter 1482 Ignorant Is Bliss 
Sabrina flustered. 
What the heck is she talking about? How is it possible that the fellow likes me? 
Sabrina found it blatantly unbelievable. She slammed her phone and went to Sasha. 
“Sasha, don’t you think that the Coopers have gone nuts? Edmund has been their anchor for the past two years, right? Why are they stopping him from getting married?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was baffled because Sabrina spoke so fast just like a machine gun. 
What does she mean? The Coopers are the hindrance? 
“Is that so? Who?” 
“Riley! Do you know how ridiculous she was? She called me up and spewed nonsense to me, saying that Edmund likes me! All because she didn’t want her brother to get married. She must be out of her mind!” 
Knitting her brows together, Sabrina got increasingly irked. 
Sasha faltered.
Has she found out? 
Sasha’s mind was super cluttered. Fortunately, she was able to snap back to her senses and realized that Sabrina was actually enraged. In fact, she was still cursing the Coopers. 
That goes to show that she didn’t believe what Riley told her, right? 
Relieved, she did not know if she should laugh it off or cry. 
“Why are you smiling? Have you any pity for him?” Sabrina asked. 
“Huh?” Sasha grew all the more amused. 
“No, no, I mean… You’re right. The Coopers are so heartless. Well, let’s set up a nice celebration for him should he truly want to get married to Ms. Zander,” proposed Sasha with a bright grin. 
Satisfied with her response, Sabrina nodded. 
“Yup, let’s do that. We shall wait for him to come over and ask him for his thoughts. We can help him out with the finances since he’s struggling with it. Let’s take care of that aspect and give him a lavish ceremony.” Sabrina was serious about it. 
Sasha was dumbfounded to hear that. 
At that point, it finally dawned on her the reason why Edmund could never give her up despite the fact that Sabrina was already someone else’s wife. 
This is because of her personality. Although she has a sharp tongue and may seem hot-tempered, her truthfulness and righteous spirit are second to none. 
Sasha smiled wryly when Sabrina walked away.
Later in the evening, Edmund showed up at the newly renovated bar which had not been opened to the public yet. They prepared an array of dishes to celebrate his new relationship. 
Ichika asked, “Hi, Edmund! Where’s Ms. Zander?” 
As usual, Ichika was always the enthusiastic one. As soon as she saw him, she greeted him and blurted a question about his girlfriend. 
After all, the couple was the reason why they had a celebration. 
However, Edmund reacted oddly. “Why do you ask about her? You two are total strangers.” 
“Rubbish!” 
Just as he spoke, someone landed a slap at the back of his head. 
“If it was not for her, would you get to enjoy this sumptuous spread? Let me warn you, Edmund. You’d better treat your girlfriend well. You’re no longer that young brat you were. Just look at how big is Jaena now, so please get serious about marriage and deal with it like a man.” 
That lady was none other than Sabrina. 
Displeased, Edmund rubbed the back of his head. 
“What’s your problem, Sabrina? Why did you hit me for no apparent reason?” 
“Haha, that’s because you needed someone to wake you up from your dream.” 
Upon huffing and teasing him, the woman placed a glass of wine in front of him. 
Sasha kept her thoughts to herself.
Can’t she dial it down a little with him around? Doesn’t she know that each of her actions would unknowingly create an impact on him? The poor guy who holds her dear to his heart would never be able to move on. 
Sasha was getting worried. 
When she went back to Oceanic Estate, she told Sebastian about it before bed. 
He was reading by the window. Upon hearing that, he arched his brow and shot her a glance. 
“If you’re perturbed by that, I can get Devin to bring her to the base.” 
“What?” Sasha paused before continuing, “Where to? Can you do that?” 
“Certainly! For his level, his spouse can tag along. When she’s no longer around, Edmund won’t be affected anymore.” 
“Oh, great!” Suddenly, there was a sparkle in Sasha’s eyes. 
She went over to her man and crouched down before him. 
“In that case, we’ll give Edmund a gentle push to complete his wedding ceremony soonest possible. Then, Sab can come back. What a happy ending!” She grinned from ear to ear like a kid. 
Sebastian found the sight rather amusing. 
He bent down, raised her chin with his slender fingers, and planted a kiss on her lips. 
###Chapter 1483
Chapter 1483
Chapter 1483 Edmund Is Getting Married 
“Hmm…” 
“You always busy yourself with someone else’s affairs. Have you thought about your husband? When will you spend time with me?” He released her from his embrace, feeling somewhat dissatisfied. 
She blushed. 
That night, they had a good sleep. 
When Sabrina woke up from Red Pavilion the next morning, she received a call from Devin, asking if she was willing to tag along to the military base. 
To relocate with him? 
The news came like a bolt from the blue for Sabrina. 
Of course, I’m more than happy to do that! But, wait a second… What about the bar? We just renovated it. It’s not even officially opened yet. 
Sabrina found herself in a dilemma. 
“Hubby, our business commences today. Additionally, Ichika is here too. Is it a bad time to go to the base?” 
“Well, didn’t Sasha say that peeps from The Ataraxy and Gossamer Creek will come over to help out? She will be at the bar too. Together with Ichika, things should be fine. You can come over for a few months. Darling, I… I miss you!” 
The last line melted her heart, especially when the man in the army had never spoken any romantic words to her before. 
Sabrina was over the moon. 
Thus, she packed her suitcases and relocated to the military base with her mischievous toddler, who was barely four. 
I shall leave the bar to Ichika and Sasha. Oh yes, and Edmund too! 
“She’s got to have a loose screw to make that kind of a decision to disappear right after everything is ready for business. She’s the one who proposed all these in the first place and wanted to expand it so badly. Yet, she’s also the first person to wash her hands clean. Is she mad?” Edmund cursed her to hell and back. 
As for Sasha and Ichika, they could only pacify him by saying that Sabrina was an impulsive person. They told him that her life revolved around her husband and that he should get used to it. 
Get used to it? 
Although Edmund was still up in arms about what happened, he was silenced when he heard the last sentence.
Time passed by very quickly. In a flash, it was time for the Coopers and the Zanders to hold the much awaited wedding, led by Jonathan. 
Riley, who was in Yorksland, finally accepted the fact. 
The day of the ceremony was the first day of fall in Jadeborough. The leaves of poplar trees which populated the city had already turned yellow. When the wind blew, a sea of golden-colored leaves would sway and fall to the ground. 
It was a splendid sight to behold. 
Riley took care of the details and specially organized a grand ceremony for the couple. 
After the guests had left, she found the groom at the lavishly decorated garden at the Cooper residence. He was as drunk as a skunk, refusing to go upstairs. 
“Edmund?” 
“Hmm?” 
She called out to him once and received an unexpected response. 
Riley came forward to assist him. “You should head to your room. Don’t keep my sister-in-law waiting.” 
“What sister-in-law? You don’t have one. Your brother is a loner. I’m on my own,” he roared, seemingly emboldened by liquor courage. 
Riley hurried over and covered his mouth with her hands. 
Unfortunately, the bride upstairs had probably heard everything the drunkard said. 
“Come on, Edmund. Head upstairs, go!”
“No, I don’t want to. I refused. I never wanted to marry her, let alone sleep with her. My heart only desires Sabrina… Riley, go get her. Please… As long as she’s here, I’ll stop.” 
Eventually, his grumbling evolved into an emotional breakdown. 
Riley’s heart wrenched as if it was jabbed by something sharp. 
She had approached Sasha to understand the matter and discovered the truth behind the wedding. 
That was why she felt so hurt seeing Edmund in that state. She also felt responsible for the pain he had to endure. 
“I’m sorry. It’s all my fault. I wasn’t able to take good care of you, resulting in you sacrificing yourself for the family. Then again, Edmund. You can’t and you shouldn’t think about Sabrina anymore. She doesn’t belong to you.” 
She hung her head low and sobbed. 
In the midst of his tantrum, something caught his attention. 
Doesn’t belong to me? Indeed, she’s not mine. She’s the wife of my best friend. She’s also married with a child. 
“I’m a monster!” 
Edmund raised his hand, wanting to slap himself, but was held back by Riley. 
“Stop! No… No, you’re not a monster. You’re my good brother. Rest assured that I’ll help you, Edmund. If you don’t want to touch Tillie, let it be. Once the whitewashing process is done, and we get back our father’s assets, you can divorce her. We leave her alone, and yet we don’t force you to make advances either. Okay?”
For the sake of her own brother, Riley uttered things which were unethical to even think about. 
Tillie married Edmund wholeheartedly. Sadly, she unknowingly became a pawn in the game the Coopers played. The turn of events was most unfair to her. 
However, Riley could not please everyone. She would rather be the bad guy and shoulder all the wrongdoings than let her brother get hurt in this. 
In the end, the groom did not spend the night with his bride. 
###Chapter 1484
Chapter 1484
Chapter 1484 Pregnant 
After being married, Edmund seldom frequent the bar because he was busy managing the business of the Zander family. 
When his father-in-law learned about what he did formerly, he handed over his business to Edmund. 
Naturally, Edmund would not have time to visit the bar anymore. 
With that, there were only Sasha and Ichika manning the bar. 
Ichika: Darling, I can’t go back yet. Sab has gone to Devin. If I were to leave this place, Sha will have her hands full, managing the business on her own. 
Ichika was exhausted when she got back to Oceanic Estate at night. Seeing that she had several missed calls and multiple unread messages, she quickly replied to Solomon first. 
Solomon was not amused. 
What’s this? She promised me that she’s only assisting the ladies, but now, she has morphed into the main driving force of the business. Darn you, Sabrina! 
Sitting in his study, the bespectacled man was super upset. 
Solomon: Do you feel unwell? 
Ichika answered: Huh? Nope, I’m all good, Darling. Although I’m tired, Sha is always very nice to me. Additionally, there are people from the Jadesons coming over to help out. So, you don’t need to worry about me, Darling. 
The silly woman failed to read between the lines. 
The veins on Solomon’s forehead kept throbbing. 
Moments later, he tried asking her in a more direct manner. 
Solomon: I’m referring to the few special days in a month when you feel uncomfortable. When it happens, remember to tell Sasha. 
Ichika: Oh! 
It took her a while to understand what he meant. 
Then, she strode toward her room and checked the calendar carefully. 
Ichika: Darling, I’m doomed. It’s late for more than three days. 
Solomon said nothing. 
The following morning, the top management of Hayes Corporation each received a notice from their president, indicating that he had left Avenport and would not be in the office for a couple of days. 
Why would he do this suddenly? 
The top management were puzzled.
Meanwhile, in Jadeborough, Sasha was surprised to hear from Ichika that Solomon planned to make a trip there. 
Is this necessary? Since when did Solomon become so nice to Ichika? He’s willing to put aside his work, make time to come over and help Ichika. I definitely didn’t see this coming. It’s true when people say that even a cold and aloof man would realize how important his wife is after getting married. 
Though astonished, she was glad to hear that at the same time. 
When Solomon arrived at noon, she was the first one to say yes gleefully when he wanted to take Ichika out. 
They have been apart for nearly a month. It’s only right that I give the couple some time to themselves. 
Sasha continued working at the bar. 
Upon leaving the premises, Solomon immediately sped off in the direction of the nearest hospital. 
“Darling, you…” Ichika asked bashfully. 
She recalled their conversations last night and connected it to what Solomon did – traveled a distance to bring her to the hospital. A smarty pants like her could easily speculate what he had in mind. 
They went to see a gynecologist. Upon registering and consultation with the doctor, they received an instruction to obtain a white cup from the lab to conduct a urine test. Solomon accompanied his wife all the way. 
“Go ahead. I’ll wait for you here,” he said after walking her to the bathroom. 
Ichika did not say anything and went in obediently. She could sense his anxiousness.
Twenty minutes later, the result was out. Once again, they took it to the doctor. 
“It’s negative actually. I believe the abnormal lapse in your wife’s menstruation is caused by other factors. Should I prescribe her some medication to help regulate her menstrual cycle?” the doctor did not hesitate to announce the results as soon as he had read the test report. 
At that instant, Solomon was deeply saddened and utterly disappointed. 
How come? I’ve been working so hard for that one month. We even calculated her ovulation period. Why didn’t it happen? 
He could not believe what he heard. So, he came up with an excuse to make Ichika leave the room. Then, he popped an embarrassing question. “Doctor, we’ve been married for more than half a year, and we’ve never once taken any precaution. Why isn’t she pregnant?” 
“Oh?” the doctor exclaimed. 
“Has it been more than six months now? Hmm… Did you two go for a thorough check-up? Your wife is very young whereas you’re at your prime age too. It’s very unlikely this will happen if there wasn’t any birth control.” The doctor started to look dubious. 
It’s quite rare to encounter such a situation in a young couple who never practiced any safety precautions. Usually, good news would come along very soon. 
The doctor planned to perform an assessment on Ichika. Solomon did not know what to do, so he acquiesce to his decision. 
Ichika was very cooperative and went along with all the examinations because she knew that Solomon did it for her own good.
###Chapter 1485
Chapter 1485
Chapter 1485 Bad News 
However, the results showed that Ichika had no problems at all. 
“Sir, the various indicators concluded that your wife is perfectly fine in all aspects. In fact, the test results are excellent. She’s just slightly over twenty. It’s highly unlikely to have any issue for this golden age. I suggest that you have yourself a thorough check-up too,” the doctor proposed after scanning the results. 
Solomon froze. 
My turn to go for tests? 
He had never imagined this day would come. Skimming through the list in his hands, his face started to turn pale. 
Ichika was waiting for him outside the consultation room. Upon seeing him, she ran over to him and asked, “How’s it? Am I okay, Darling?” 
She did not enter the room just now because she was too frightened to hear any bad news. 
Solomon looked her in the eyes and shook his head. “Nothing. You’re just too tired. The doctor has prescribed some pills for you to treat it. You’ll be fine in no time.”
“All right, that’s a relief. Darling, I should head back now. It’s almost five, peak hours for the customers to arrive soon.” 
Knowing that her test results were normal, Ichika asked to return to the bar as soon as she could. 
Solomon cast another look at her. Moments later, he agreed, “Okay, you go ahead. I’ll collect the medication for you. I think it’s some herbal remedy, so it takes a while.” 
“Aww… You’re the best! Thank you, Darling.” 
After giving her husband a peck on his cheek, she scurried away without suspecting anything. 
Solomon stood rooted to the spot until her back profile could no longer be seen. 
Subsequently, he went back to the hospital and headed straight to the andrology department. 
An hour and a battery of tests later, he held the reports in his hands and walked to the consultation room. 
“Sir, bad news. Though you’re only thirty-one years old, the analysis indicates that your sperm morphology rate is less than five percent. Did something happen to you before?” 
He remained dazed for a long time as though a streak of lightning had just struck him squarely on the head. 
Only five percent are excellent? Why is that so? What have I gone through? 
Those words kept playing in his mind. He tried to think, but he was unable to process anything at that point.
Considering his response, the doctor inspected the report once more. 
“Additionally, the sperm mortality rate isn’t good too. I found it a bit peculiar that you have a reproduction system problem at this age. It’s best we discuss in detail and find a way to treat it.” 
Silence ensued. 
After at least a minute, Solomon opened his mouth. “in the past, I… I’ve had a severe illness. I’m not sure if that was the root cause?” 
“A critical illness?” the doctor widened his eyes. 
“What was it? Please share with me.” 
“Um… It’s a form of blood disease due to the medication I took when I was young. I was intoxicated for an extension period of time, causing a disorder in my bone marrow. Would that have left a side-effect on me?” 
His voice was quivering and barely audible toward the end of his speech. 
His suspicion had manifested in those careful words he had chosen to express. 
Oh yes, how could I have forgotten about it? The chronic disease which almost snatched my life away. It’s highly possible that it has affected my body in other ways too. After all, that were still drugs. 
The doctor went silent. 
Solomon had no idea how he dragged himself out of the hospital. When he finally snapped back into his senses, he found himself sitting in his car with his phone buzzing non-stop next to him. It was already nighttime. 
“Hello?”
“Where are you, Darling? Why didn’t you pick up my calls? Have you already gone back?” 
It was Ichika. 
She thought that Solomon had left for Avenport when he did not show up at the bar. 
Upon hearing the familiar voice, Solomon gradually opened his mouth. “Not yet. I had errands to run, so I missed your calls. Where are you?” 
“I’m at the bar. Why don’t you come over now, Darling? I’ve prepared lots of delicious food for you.” 
Ichika was very excited. She was in the mood to spring a surprise on him. 
Hearing that, Solomon’s heart sank. 
Half an hour later, he arrived at the bar. 
Though it was their peak hours, Ichika reserved the best room for themselves. There was an array of dishes served on the table—all specially made for Solomon. 
“You’re finally here. Quick, head inside and dine with Ichika. We’ll manage the rest,” Sasha urged. 
She was very understanding, knowing that a sweet couple needed their time and space together. 
Ichika brought him into the room. 
“See, Darling, it’s all your favorite food. I purposely made them for you since you haven’t had a chance to taste them for a month now. Are you salivating yet?” She chuckled. 
“Oh yes, there’s sake too!” 
She served her husband enthusiastically as she introduced dish by dish.
Compared to the past, she was more open, bold, and passionate now. She was no longer the timid girl she used to be. 
Clenching his fists, Solomon answered, “Okay.” 
He did not say much but merely nodded. Then, he took a sip of the sake.
###Chapter 1486
Chapter 1486
Chapter 1486 Her Beauty 
At that moment, Solomon was unsure how to best describe his feelings. 
It was as if he was suddenly thrown into the darkness when he had already gotten used to living under the sunlight. He felt like a baby fed with bitter medicine right after he had tasted sweetness for the first time, like someone enjoying the warmth of a spring day being pushed into the harsh coldness of winter. 
The harshness seemed familiar, but Solomon was no longer used to it. 
“What’s wrong, Darling? You don’t look so good. Are you not feeling well?” inquired Ichika concernedly as she hurried over to Solomon. The woman finally noticed that something was off with her husband. 
Pale as a sheet, Solomon lifted his head to look at his beautiful wife. “Ichika, what plans do you have for the future?” 
“What?” The woman was dumbfounded by her husband’s odd question. My plans for the future? 
Even though she did not know what Solomon was getting at, she had decided to give the question some thought. “I guess my plan is to take care of you for as long as I can, Darling. When our child is born, I’ll take care of both of you. That’s what I want to do—take care of my family,” answered Ichika with a warm smile. 
Like most women around her, Ichika wanted nothing more than to prioritize her family over everything else. 
However, she did not realize that her words only served to sadden Solomon even further. 
“But there’s so much more that you can do. You’re still young. I’m sure there are a lot of things that you haven’t experienced yet.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“You like finance, right? I’m sure you can be a very successful financial planner if you want. Heck, you even know forensic science! You can do so much more than this.” 
Solomon then started to talk about Ichika’s interests and tried to convince her to prioritize anything other than him or the child. 
However, Ichika got worried when she heard what her husband had to say. 
“Darling, don’t you like having me around to take care of you? Did I do something wrong? I don’t… I don’t understand,” stated Ichika as tears started to well up in her eyes. 
At that point, Solomon decided to stop talking for the moment. 
“Hey, Solomon. You’re coming to the Oceanic Estate, right?” Sasha extended an invitation to the man after the bar was closed. 
“Maybe not. I have to head home as I have an important meeting to attend tomorrow.” Standing just outside the bar, Solomon turned down the invitation.
Like Sasha, Ichika was surprised by the man’s odd behavior. “But it’s pretty late, Darling. Are you sure?” asked Ichika hesitantly. The couple was finally together again after a month. Naturally, Ichika wondered why her husband did not seem to want to spend the night with her. 
The woman then pouted and hoped that her husband would change his mind. 
Alas, Solomon insisted that he had to leave after checking the time on his watch. “You take good care of her for me, okay, Nancy? I have to go now. Call me if you need anything.” 
“Sure.” Seeing how persistent the man was, Sasha figured there was no point trying to change his mind. 
In the end, Solomon returned to Avenport while Ichika and Sasha made their way back to the Oceanic Estate. 
That night, Ichika locked the door to her room and cried her eyes out. I knew I should’ve stayed home with him instead of going to the bar. That’s probably why he’s mad at me. Even though he was busy with work, he made the time to fly over to see me. He must be mad because I went to the bar instead of spending time with him at home. 
With that thought, Ichika quickly jumped out of bed to grab her phone. 
Ichika: Darling, are you mad at me because I went to the bar instead of staying home with you? 
Ichika: I’m sorry, Darling. I should’ve been more thoughtful. Will you please forgive me? I promise I’ll spend more time with you. 
Ichika: Scratch that. What I meant to say was I’ll try my best to go back to you as soon as possible. I’ll get Sabrina to come home soon, and go home to you soon.
As soon as she sent her last message, Ichika finally breathed a sigh of relief and fell sound asleep. 
The woman was convinced that everything would be okay again when she returned to her husband. 
What Ichika did not expect to hear from Sabrina the next day was that the woman enjoyed herself too much at the army to want to come home. 
“Could you please stay for another couple of days, Ichika? The combat drill is still in progress, and I really want to stay until the end.” 
“Alright.” 
Since Ichika hated turning anybody down, she agreed to Sabrina’s request and stayed for another month. 
###Chapter 1487
Chapter 1487
Chapter 1487 I Am Back 
It was already near the end of fall when Ichika finally returned to Avenport. “Darling, I’m back! I’m at the airport right now. Can you pick me up?” 
The woman intentionally waited until she arrived in Avenport before calling Solomon to inform him of her return, for she wanted to surprise her husband. 
After listening to Ichika over the phone, Solomon was stunned for a brief moment. “What? Why didn’t you tell me you’re coming home?” 
“I want to surprise you. Aren’t you happy to hear that I’m finally home? Come get me at the airport now. I have brought so many gifts for you!” exclaimed Ichika with excitement. 
However, the other end of the call was silent for a few seconds before Solomon informed coldly, “I’m at a meeting right now. I’ll have someone else pick you up.” 
“Oh.” Upon hearing her husband’s response, Ichika lost her excitement. I thought for sure he was going to hurry over to see me. 
Still, Ichika decided to be understanding and not make a big fuss out of it. The meeting is probably very important to him. I can understand. 
After Ichika got home, she realized that Wendy was no longer staying at Frontier Bay, so she rolled her sleeves up and started to clean the house. 
Ichika knew that she had been away for a long time, so to make up for her lengthy absence, she decided to tidy up the house and prepare a hearty meal for her husband. 
In spite of all her effort, Solomon did not return home that evening, so she called him. 
“Darling, are you still working?” 
“Yeah. I still have a lot to do.” 
From Solomon’s tone, Ichika could tell that her husband did not intend to go home any time soon, and that tore her apart. Why is he treating me this way? I’m finally home now. Shouldn’t he come back early to see me? I did my best not to bother him while he was at work, and I even prepared dinner. Is this not enough? 
Broken-hearted, Ichika left the dining table and went straight into the bedroom after hanging up. 
After some time, the woman inadvertently fell asleep and only half-opened her eyes when a figure entered the room. 
The figure then stood beside the bed for a while without saying anything. 
“Darling, is that you?” inquired Ichika, still half asleep. 
“Yes,” replied the figure before pulling up the blanket for Ichika and lowering himself to peck her on the forehead. “Just rest. I’ll be with you soon.” 
“Okay.”
Content to hear those words, Ichika hugged her blanket and continued to slumber. 
With his brows furrowed, Solomon watched as his wife fell asleep before moving to the study, where he had spent most of his time at home for the past month. Exhausted from keeping up his appearance at work, Solomon felt like he could breathe again when he finally rid himself of his suit. Anyone who saw how weary Solomon looked then, would find it hard to believe that he was a respectable businessman. 
Haruto: Akiyama, would you like to give surgery a chance? 
The message popped onto the monitor as soon as Solomon turned on his computer. 
As if he had a terrible headache, Solomon knitted his eyebrows tightly while he stared at the screen. 
Akiyama: Is there any point at all? 
Haruto: Of course there is. I need to figure out which affected part of the body is causing your infertility. Only after I get to the root of the problem can I start treating you. 
It took quite a while before Solomon moved his hands back onto the keyboard to reply to the physician. 
Akiyama: And you’re sure you’ll be able to figure it out this time? It didn’t work out the last few times. You even told me that it’s incurable. 
Haruto: You’re my best friend, Akiyama, so I thought you deserved the truth. But I found another way to help you, and that’s why I reached out. I believe I owe it to myself to do my best for you. 
Not only was the Jetroinian forthcoming, but he was also a man of principles. 
No matter how bad the situation was, he believed everyone deserved to hear the plain truth.
At that point, Solomon stopped responding to the physician. Although he was filled with despair before, the man could see a glimmer of hope once again. 
The following day, Ichika woke up at sunrise feeling well-rested. “Darling?” 
After opening her eyes, Ichika immediately turned around to look for her husband, but the man was nowhere to be seen. Where could he be? 
Worried, Ichika hurriedly jumped out of bed and rushed out of the bedroom without a jacket. “Darling, where are you? Darling?” 
The man fell asleep in the study but was woken up when his wife called out for him. 
“Darling!” When Solomon was still rubbing his eyes, Ichika opened the door and threw herself at him.
###Chapter 1488
Chapter 1488
Chapter 1488 Noticed Something Strange 
“Why did you sleep here, Darling? Have you been working all night?” The woman’s eyes welled up the moment she noticed Solomon’s bloodshot eyes and unkempt facial hair. 
“I’m fine. I just had a lot to do. That’s all,” replied Solomon in a hoarse voice while looking at his teary- eyed wife. 
“But this is going to take a toll on your health. You can’t work all night like this. Please, Darling. You have to promise me that you’ll stop doing this to yourself, okay?” pleaded Ichika as tears started to roll down her cheeks. 
Seeing how heartbroken his wife was, Solomon could no longer hold it in. He immediately wrapped his arms around Ichika and embraced her tightly. 
“Okay, I promise.” 
After that, the couple went downstairs to have breakfast as usual. It was just like every other morning until they were done with their meal. 
“Ichika, I’ll be away for two days. Do you want to go to Frontier Bay? Or maybe the Hayes residence?” 
“Huh?” Still busy cleaning up the table, Ichika lifted her head when she heard her husband. He’s going abroad again? But I just got back home. Can’t he stay a while longer with me?
As much as the news saddened her, Ichika decided to be understanding. Even as a young girl, she was taught to respect the decision of the family’s breadwinner. 
“Don’t worry about me. Just come home soon, okay?” 
“I will. So will you be going to Frontier Bay or the Hayes residence? I have to inform them.” 
Solomon could feel his heart break a little when he saw how Ichika pouted at the sudden news, so he immediately grabbed his phone and called the Hayes residence. 
He remembered Ichika had mentioned that there was no point in going to Frontier Bay since the children were no longer there. On the contrary, she could help out at the Hayes residence since Thanksgiving was just around the corner. 
Relieved to see that Ichika was kept busy there, Solomon packed and flew off to Jetroina. 
Haruto was already waiting for him when he got there. 
Meanwhile, at the Oceanic Estate, Sasha only found out about Solomon’s trip when Ichika texted her. The Jetroinian needed help finding some stuff at the Hayes residence. 
Sasha: I thought you just got home. Why did Solomon have to go abroad all of a sudden? Couldn’t he stay for another a day or two? 
Ichika: It’s fine. I know he’s a busy man. He even fell asleep working in the study last night. 
When Sasha heard how busy Solomon seemed, she could not help but wonder if something had happened to Hayes Corporation.
Worried, the woman immediately jumped to her feet and went downstairs to Sebastian since it was still early. 
“Hey, can I talk to you?” asked Sasha after opening the door to the study. 
“Give me a minute,” responded Sebastian, still hard at work under the desk lamp, before motioning for Sasha to come in. 
She then grabbed a chair and sat down close to Sebastian. 
Even though the man was still working, he did not seem displeased that Sasha pulled up a chair beside him. Not only that, but he also moved his chair a little so that Sasha could move closer to him. 
For some reason, that gesture warmed her heart. 
“Could you find out if something has happened to Hayes Corporation? I was in contact with Ichika, and she told me that Solomon was so caught up with work he fell asleep in the study. He even told Ichika that he had to go abroad the next day she got home.” 
“What? Today? Nobody told me anything of that sort,” Sebastian’s slender fingers suddenly stopped on the keyboard. 
“Here, take a look. Ichika told me herself,” stated Sasha as she handed Sebastian her phone. 
After going through the messages, the man furrowed his brows concernedly. 
“Let me make a phone call.” With that, Sebastian took his phone out and started dialing. 
Since he was the one who almost single-handedly put Hayes Corporation on the map, it was only natural for Sebastian to be concerned about the company’s welfare. If something terrible were to happen to Hayes, there was no way the man could sit by idly.
However, to Sebastian’s surprise, Luke told his boss that there was nothing wrong with the company. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’m not sure what Mr. George has been so busy with lately, but I can assure you that none of us at the company have been working overtime or attending late-night meetings. You can check the records for yourself.” 
What the heck was Solomon busy with then? 
With his brows still tightly knitted, Sebastian followed up with another question. “Could it be something personal?” 
“Something personal?” After thinking for a while, the assistant remembered Solomon’s odd behaviors. 
“Now that you mention it, I did notice how strange Mr. George has been acting lately. He always comes to work looking exhausted and distracted. Not only that, but he also seemed to be easily irritated all the time. He wasn’t like that before.” 
###Chapter 1489
Chapter 1489
Chapter 1489 Whatever It Takes 
“What happened to him?” interrupted Sasha. 
“I have no idea. Even the top management are joking about it. Do you think it’s because Mrs. George’s been away for too long? You know. His needs were probably left unfulfilled for too long,” suggested Luke awkwardly since that was almost everybody’s guess at the office. 
Sasha blushed a little when she heard Luke, while Sebastian had trouble believing what the assistant said. 
“Anyhow, I still need you to look into it for me. Who knows, some might have happened in Jetroina that we’re unaware of. It’s been a while since we last heard from Yamada, isn’t it? Keep an eye out, Luke,” reminded Sebastian before hanging up. 
Luke did as he was told the moment the call ended and found out that there was indeed something fishy going on. Solomon’s itinerary showed that he was supposed to be flying to Moranta, but instead, the destination had been changed to Jetroina. 
“Mr. Hayes, for some reason, Mr. George is heading to Jetroina.” 
When Sasha and Sebastian received the news, their faces immediately hardened. 
Since Sebastian had business in Jetroina, he decided to fly there personally. Actually, he did not have to do that, but he did so for Solomon’s sake. 
“Even if you were to meet Solomon there, I don’t think he’s going to just tell you what’s going on with him. That’s just how he is. The man never opens up to others, so you might have to figure out some other way to get to the bottom of things,” reminded Sasha. 
In response to that, Sebastian said nothing but chuckled instead before heading off. Does that mean I have to coax him? 
After tending to his business in Jetroina, Sebastian made his way to Sinch Enterprise. What the man did not expect to see there were the panicky looks on the Tsurka brothers. 
“Mr. Hayes, to what do we owe the honor?” 
“Here, have a seat, Mr. Hayes. What can we help you with?” 
The brothers were so nervous that they were sweating all over, for they feared Sebastian even more than their adoptive brother. To them, not only was Sebastian a titan in the business world, but he was also a highly respected man in Jetroina. 
Seeing how tense the two were, Sebastian raised a brow at them and wondered if it was because Solomon was not around. “Where’s Solomon?” 
“What?” As expected, the brothers were stupefied by the question. “Is he supposed to be coming over as well? We have no idea.” 
So he’s not here after all. Where could he be then? Is he with Haruto?
Sebastian suddenly remembered Haruto since the Jetroinian physician was Solomon’s only friend there. 
Immediately, Sebastian got into his car and made his way to Haruto without even calling first. 
Clang! 
When Haruto saw Sebastian, he was so shocked that he dropped the stainless steel plate in his hand. 
“Why are you so surprised to see me? What happened to him?” questioned Sebastian with a stern face. 
“What? I…” Haruto was at a loss for words, for he could not believe how fast Sebastian managed to catch on. 
In the end, the physician decided to invite Sebastian into the consultation room to tell the man everything. 
Even though Sebastian had always maintained his calm demeanor, he choked on his coffee when Haruto told him the truth. 
“Are you okay, Mr. Hayes?” 
After quickly pulling out his handkerchief, Sebastian wiped his mouth and regained composure. “Sorry about that. So what’s the situation now? Have you figured out what the problem is?” 
“We just had the operation yesterday, so the result isn’t out yet. However, I have to be frank with you, Mr. Hayes. It doesn’t look good. Compared to a normal person, his hematopoietic function is still not up to standard,” explained Haruto. 
“Not up to standard? What does that mean?” inquired Sebastian with furrowed brows.
“The man has insufficient blood cells. I thought the condition was a side effect of his bone marrow donation and that he could recover from it. But after the operation, I realized that his condition wasn’t getting any better. On top of that, his kidneys had also been affected, causing him to be deficient in protein. That is why he couldn’t have children.” 
With that, Haruto took out a few medical reports and showed them to Sebastian. 
After going through them, Sebastian’s face turned even grimmer. How did it get so serious? Usually, people would suffer from anemia if they lacked healthy red blood cells, but in Solomon’s case, his fertility was affected instead. It seems like the poison really did a number on him. This is all that witch’s fault! 
Upset, Sebastian slammed the reports onto the table.
###Chapter 1490
Chapter 1490
Chapter 1490 Dig Up Her Grave 
Solomon finally saw Sebastian when he woke up. 
He was stunned to see him and gripped the bedsheets tightly. His whole body was tense. 
Haruto saw Solomon’s reaction and did not know what to say. He could only look at Sebastian expectantly, hoping that the latter would say something. 
On the other hand, Sebastian did not show any emotions. He raised his eyebrows and asked, “How long will it take for him to recover?” 
“What?” Solomon immediately looked at Sebastian in shock. 
Even Haruto looked to Sebastian in confusion. 
Why did he say that Solomon would recover? I never said something like that. 
“Mr. Hayes, what are you…” Haruto said uncertainly. 
“Do make sure that he doesn’t take too much time to recover. I’m a busy man, and I can’t wait for too long. Furthermore, you know how his wife’s world revolves around him. Dr. Shoki, perhaps you can do it this way. Since you have to research the medicine, you should let him go home first,” Sebastian said calmly.
What Sebastian said was so unbelievable that Haruto stood stunned on the spot. 
On the other hand, Solomon’s expression brightened upon hearing Sebastian. He sat up on the bed immediately and asked, “Have you found the cause? Can you cure my condition?” 
Sebastian frowned and said in an annoyed tone, “Why can’t it be cured? Your condition is just chemical poisoning. Have you forgotten how serious Sasha’s condition was back then? That’s enough. I have to go back. I finally found time to come to Jetroina. Yet, I have to deal with your problem here.” 
He did not give Haruto a chance to say anything. What he said caused the latter to be stunned again. 
Meanwhile, Solomon’s face turned scarlet instantly. 
Sebastian did not come to Jetroina for me. He just happened to have some matter here. Then, Sasha found out about my condition and informed him. That must be why he is here. 
Solomon felt emotionally conflicted. 
However, he became much more relaxed after Sebastian left and asked Haruto about his condition. 
Haruto did not know what to tell him. 
He looked at him blankly for a moment before saying something perfunctory. 
Then, he left the room and called Sebastian on the phone. 
“Mr. Hayes, how could you say that just now? I never said that he would recover,” Haruto said. 
“In that case, you should find a way to cure him!” Sebastian replied.
“But…” Haruto was rendered speechless. 
What way is there? Solomon is my friend. If I knew a way, I would have cured him by now. 
“Mr. Hayes, I-I…” Haruto stuttered. 
“I’ll ask Xayden to see you. He is more experienced than you in chemical matters. Both of you can work together to find a cure,” Sebastian answered suddenly. 
Xayden? Isn’t he a genius in chemistry? 
Haruto’s eyes brightened upon remembering this. “You’re right. It slipped my mind. There’s hope for Solomon. But if Xayden is coming to meet me, I need to find the substance that Akiyama used on Solomon.” 
“You should look for it then,” Sebastian replied. 
“That’s impossible. Solomon had been taking it since he was eight years old. How are we to find it after so many years?” Haruto began to feel troubled again. 
At this moment, Sebastian was driving his car to rush to the airport. His expression darkened upon hearing Haruto. 
However, he was an intelligent man. After thinking for a moment, he found a solution. “It must be a kind of drug. That b*tch must have poisoned Solomon with it. You should dig up her grave and see if you can find anything from her remains.” 
“Huh?” Haruto was rendered speechless again. 
He wants me to dig up someone’s grave? What the heck? What does it have to do with Solomon’s condition?
“Mr. Hayes, your suggestion is unrealistic. They cremated his mother before burying her. Even if you dig up her remains, what can you find? Furthermore, even if she gave Solomon the drug, she wouldn’t try the drug on herself. Although she poisoned Solomon, she was careful not to get the drug on her. Even if you do chemical tests on her remains, you can’t find anything,” Haruto reminded Sebastian. 
However, Sebastian sneered, “I’m not asking you to conduct tests on her ashes. I’m asking you to dig up her remains and put them on the black market with a description of Solomon’s condition, saying that there is a reward for anyone who can provide this drug. Forget it. You don’t have to do this. I’ll handle it. Just do your part.” 
Then, Sebastian hung up. 
Haruto was at a loss for words. He could not wrap his head around what Sebastian had said just now. 
Sebastian is truly cold and ruthless. How did he come up with something like this? 
Haruto finally understood how Sebastian caused such a stir in the country. Even a seasoned elder with decades of planning could not stand against Sebastian, a man only in his early thirties. 
After that, Haruto stopped worrying about the matter. 
That night, someone asked for him at the hospital. He requested Solomon’s detailed medical report. 
Haruto was surprised by his request and quickly prepared the medical report. Then, all it took was one night, and he received the name of the drug in his email. 
This is terrifying! 
Haruto quickly gathered his things and hid in the lab.
Meanwhile, the Tsurka family was in an uproar over someone digging up a few graves in their cemetery overnight. They were outraged.
###Chapter 1491 Will You Resent Me
Chapter 1491 Will You Resent Me
Haruto felt his eyelids twitching. 
He had wanted to ask Sebastian yesterday because he couldn’t understand why Sebastian insisted on digging up that woman’s grave since the ashes were only for show. 
Later, he finally understood why. 
Sebastian did it because he would not let her escape unpunished, even in death. 
It did not matter that she was dead. 
He would still dig her up. Since she was evil during her life, he would not let her rest in peace in death. She deserved to have her ashes defiled. 
A day later, Xayden arrived at the lab too. Then, he and Haruto began to carry out intense research. Meanwhile, Solomon was unaware of any of these. 
He thought that he only needed to wait for his medicine. 
Three days later, he was well enough to be discharged. Thus, he returned home happily. 
Solomon: Darling, I’m coming home. 
Ichika: Oh my goodness! Darling, you’re coming home! 
He even called me Darling! Ichika thought to herself. 
She was picking pears with Sasha and Sabrina in the Hayes residence. After receiving Solomon’s message, she immediately threw her basket aside and ran. 
“Ichika, where are you going?” Sasha asked.
“Ichika, we are not done yet. Why are you running away? If you don’t finish your task, you will have to make dinner,” Sabrina said. 
Sasha and Sabrina teased Ichika when they saw her running. 
The three of them enjoyed spending time together. After Sasha and Sabrina attended that grand wedding in Jetroina and witnessed Ichika’s character, they treated her kindly. 
Both of them also liked to tease her, making their interactions playful. 
Ichika blushed under their teasing. “Sasha, Sabrina, i-it isn’t like that. I wasn’t trying to escape. It’s because Solomon is back.” 
“Oh…” Sasha and Sabrina finally understood what was going on. 
It turned out that Ichika was rushing to meet Solomon. 
Therefore, Sasha and Sabrina decided to let Ichika go this time. 
They stopped teasing her and helped her carry a basketful of freshly plucked pears to her car. 
“Go ahead. We can handle it here,” Sasha said. 
“Yes, thank you,” Ichika replied happily. 
After bidding farewell to Sasha and Sabrina, she drove her car to rush back home. 
As expected, she came home to find the garden lively again after being quiet for days. She noticed that someone had opened the cat enclosure and heard a Samoyed is barking excitedly. 
Solomon is back. 
Ichika rushed into the house happily. “Darling, where are you?”
There was no response. 
Thus, she rushed toward the door. However, before she could look up, she bumped into a tall and sturdy figure. 
“Ah…” Ichika called out in surprise. 
“Why are you running? Does it hurt?” 
A familiar and gentle voice came from above her. It was Solomon. He held her shoulders to stabilize her and looked at her with concern. 
Ichika was stunned and felt indignant for a moment. 
In the end, she flung herself at him and hugged him tightly. “Darling, you’ve finally returned…” 
Meanwhile, Sebastian had returned to Oceanic Estate in Jadeborough and told Sasha about what happened to Solomon. 
Sasha went through a roller coaster of emotions as she listened to Sebastian. She was furious and indignant on Solomon’s behalf, as well as feeling worried and anxious for him. 
In the end, when Sebastian told her what he had done, she felt relieved. 
“Sebby, you’re brilliant!” She praised him from the bottom of her heart. Her lovely almond-shaped eyes were full of admiration as she gazed at him. 
Why is she praising me directly today? 
Sebastian turned to her and saw her looking at him with such reverence in her gaze. She reminded him of Ichika for a moment. “Who do you learn that expression from?”
“What?” Sasha asked. 
“You seem close to Ichika recently.” Sebastian sounded a little unhappy. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
How did he figure it out? 
She blushed for a while before recovering her composure. “No… That’s not true. I heard people say that men like ladies who fawn over them. It made me realize that I have never done this before. Sebby, you are a brilliant man. Will you get tired of me in the future?” 
She looked up at him with a worried expression. 
Sebastian was stunned for a moment. 
However, he recovered quickly and laughed. “I can show you with my actions that I won’t get tired of you.” 
“What?” replied Sasha in confusion. 
Before she could figure it out, she yelped when Sebastian suddenly carried her in his arms and rushed upstairs. 
That night, the moon seemed sultry, and the light never went out on the third floor of Oceanic Estate as Sasha and Sebastian had a passionate night. 
The following morning, Sasha woke up in bed alone. 
When a housemaid saw that Sasha was awake, she approached the latter and said, “Mrs. Jadeson, Mr. Jadeson had left. He asked me to inform you that Vivian called this morning. He wanted you to call her once you’re awake.”
Vivi? I wonder what the matter is. 
Sasha realized that she had turned off her phone and did not know whether to laugh or be angry with herself. 
She got out of bed quickly and made a phone call before doing anything else. 
###Chapter 1492
Chapter 1492
Chapter 1492 Protection 
“Hello?” said a sweet voice. 
“Vivi, it’s me. Did you call this morning?” Sasha asked with concern the moment she heard her daughter’s voice. 
Vivian had always sounded cheerful in their previous calls, but she seemed dejected this time. “Mommy, it’s nearly Halloween, and my friends are all preparing costumes. I want to prepare them too, but I don’t have any materials. Mommy, can you give me some money to buy them?” 
“Oh.” Sasha felt a little guilty. “Of course, you can have some money. Vivi, I’m sorry for forgetting about it. You can buy anything you want. Let me transfer some money to your account later. Is five hundred thousand enough?” 
Sasha had come to an agreement with Sebastian about their children’s allowance. 
Their children were no longer living with them. Therefore, Sasha and Sebastian decided to limit their children’s allowances to prevent them from developing extravagant spending habits. 
It was vital to teach them wise spending even though the family was wealthy. 
Teaching them wise spending and the value of money could help them with their mental growth, allowing them to become better people. 
Vivian was happy to hear that Sasha was giving her so much money. “Yes, it’s enough for me to get costumes for the three of us. I can buy the materials and make them myself. It’s possible,” Vivian said
confidently. 
The three of us? 
Sasha frowned suddenly. “Vivi, do you have to pay for Elaine’s costume too?” 
“Yes, she doesn’t have any money,” Vivian answered as if it was the most natural thing to do. 
Sasha could not speak for a moment as a wave of anger suddenly surged within her. 
She knew that Vivian was na?ve. Her mind was innocent and pure as freshly fallen snow. 
Sasha and Sebastian found this quality precious and wanted to protect her innocence. However, they did not expect people to take advantage of her kindness and use her for their gains. 
Therefore, Sasha asked her daughter to pass the phone to Kurt. 
“Kurt, I would like to ask for your help,” Sasha said. 
“Sure, how may I help you?” answered a sweet and childish voice. Although asking for Kurt’s help did not put Sasha fully at ease, Sasha could tell from how he spoke that he was more intelligent than Vivian. 
Therefore, Sasha began to instruct him on what to do. “I heard from Vivian that both of you wanted to prepare costumes for Halloween. I’ll give her five hundred thousand as expenses for both of your costumes. Please tell her that if she uses this fund to prepare costumes and win a prize during Halloween, I’ll ask her dad to arrange for her to go to Criss Academy to meet her favorite designer.” 
Sasha decided to be tactful. She did not want to expose the viciousness of the adults to them yet. 
To her surprise, Kurt understood what she was implying.
“Sure, I understand. Please don’t worry. I’ll buy the materials with Vivian and send the receipts to you,” Kurt said. 
Oh my goodness, he’s so clever. 
Sasha was astonished by Kurt’s intelligence. 
Then, she hung up and transferred the money into Vivian’s account. 
Sasha did not bother to speak to Elaine’s parents about her behavior this time. She felt that it was pointless explaining to them when they have no self-awareness. 
After that, Sasha did not worry about the matter anymore. 
Meanwhile, in Yartran, Vivian received the money from Sasha. In the afternoon, she went to the department store with Elaine and Kurt to buy materials. Kurt managed to control Vivian’s spending this time. 
“Vivian, look. This fabric is so beautiful. You can use this to make Snow White costumes!” Elaine immediately noticed a roll of luxury fabric. It was white as snow and soft to touch. Her eyes gleamed with desire when she saw it. 
Vivian liked the fabric too and went to ask the store clerk about it. 
“Good afternoon, miss. May I know how much is the fabric per foot?” Vivian asked. 
“It’s expensive, little girl. How much would you like? I’ll calculate it for you and see whether I can get you a discount,” the store clerk answered. 
“We…” Vivian hesitated.
“We only need enough fabric to make one Snow White costume,” Kurt answered on Vivian’s behalf before she could say anything. 
Only one Snow White Costume? 
Elaine turned to Kurt immediately. “Kurt, why only one costume? Vivian and I will be dressing up as Snow White.” 
“Yes, Kurt. I’m making two costumes,” Vivian added. 
She did not think much about it. After all, it was common for many people to dress up as the same character during Halloween. Thus, she did not find it strange that Elaine also wanted to dress up as Snow White. 
However, Kurt glanced at the roll of fabric calmly and said, “You need to have a unique costume to win the first prize!” 
Vivian and Elaine stood stunned for a moment. 
###Chapter 1493
Chapter 1493
Chapter 1493 Leeching Off Of Her 
“Vivi, we agreed to dress up as Snow White together.” Elaine broke the silence before shifting her gaze away from Kurt and toward the sympathetic-looking Vivian. 
Vivian kept mum for a moment and glanced at the fabric. “How about you change your character, Elaine? My mommy promised that she’d bring me to Criss Academy to meet my favorite designer only if I can get first prize for the Halloween costume competition.” 
Without hesitation, Vivian decided on wanting the fabric to herself after all. In the process, she turned Elaine down. 
Therefore, Vivian wasn’t actually a child that could be swayed easily, nor was she unassertive. It was only that she was kind by nature. Most of the time, she would rather not be calculative toward others. As long as it wouldn’t disadvantage her greatly, she would let others have their way. 
In regard to the choice of fabric, she stood her ground and prioritized herself. 
Although Elaine was pissed, she dared not speak a word because Kurt was there. 
In the end, they only requested a person’s worth of fabric. 
After purchasing the fabric for the dress, the search for the materials needed for Kurt’s prop was next on the agenda. 
However, Kurt wasn’t keen on it. In fact, he seemed as though he was not interested in Halloween at all. But Vivian insisted otherwise.
“Kurt, how do you like this prince outfit? Also, I can get a crown made for you.” Vivian then went into another store and saw that they had rhinestones. 
A prince? Me? Kurt blushed as he heard what Vivian had in mind for him. 
Elaine, however, clenched her fists in anger. So if Kurt is dressing up as the prince, doesn’t that mean I’d have to dress up as one of the dwarfs? I’m a sweet little girl! Why would I want to dress up as a dwarf? 
She was upset. But by then, Vivian had already brought Kurt to the other store. 
“Kurt, do you like this? The fabric for my dress is white, while yours would be cornflower blue. Along with a crown made of rhinestones, we’d look amazing together.” Vivian was enthusiastically taking Kurt’s measurements for his outfit. She then rested her palm on his head to get an idea of what size of a crown he’d need. 
At that moment, Kurt froze. Due to some bad memories, he had never liked to be touched. However, he didn’t react negatively when Vivian laid her hand on him. Instead, he only slightly clenched his fists and let her take his measurements. 
“Vivi, what am I supposed to dress up as if Kurt is the prince?” Elaine asked. 
“Huh?” Vivian was also puzzled as she had already picked out everything Kurt needed. 
As Elaine was afraid that Vivian might recommend for her to dress up as a dwarf, she took the opportunity and suggested instead, “How about I dress up as Snow White’s sister?” 
“Huh? Since when did Snow White have a sister?” Vivian blurted. “The only remaining characters in the fairy tale are the dwarfs and the evil queen.” 
To which Elaine responded, “We can make up a new character!” 
Vivian remained silent while Kurt asked, “What? Are we re-writing the fairy tale now?”
A moment of awkward silence ensued. 
Elaine was infuriated upon hearing that. However, she didn’t dare to voice out because Kurt was present. Instead, she just looked away. Damn you, Kurt! One day, I’ll get back at you. Just you wait. 
In the end, despite Elaine’s suggestion, Vivian said, “Elaine, how about you look for another character in other fairy tales. You can dress up as one of them.” 
Elaine went speechless as she fought against showing her anger. In the end, she had to give in. “All right then. I’ll dress up as Cinderella.” 
“Oh?” Vivian’s eyes lit up. “That’s a good idea! It suits you!” Vivian was genuinely happy that Elaine found a character to dress up as. She had no ulterior motive. 
However, Elaine felt offended by what Vivian said. Is she serious? What is she implying? Just because her family is wealthy, she sees herself as a princess, while I’m the poor Cinderella? She was utterly pissed. 
But that wasn’t the end of Elaine’s misery. Because when Vivian and Kurt were done buying all the materials they needed, Kurt suddenly told them that they had used up all the money. 
“What? Have we used up all of it?” Vivian widened her puzzled eyes in shock, staring at Kurt. 
Kurt nodded. “We’re left with five hundred.” 
Vivian was stunned speechless. 
On the other hand, Elaine was getting angrier than before. Five hundred? What the hell can I get with five hundred? A piece of trash? 
###Chapter 1494
Chapter 1494
Chapter 1494 I Am Sorry 
“Vivi, what about me? What am I supposed to get?” Elaine asked. 
“Well…” Vivian didn’t know what to say. 
“Didn’t you bring any money?” Kurt cast an icy gaze at Elaine. 
Elaine shuddered and explained, “M-My parents didn’t give me any. My family is…” 
“So you leech off of Vivian instead?” Kurt interrupted. Although he was only a young boy, every single word of his was mean and vicious. 
Elaine was enraged upon hearing what Kurt said. 
She bit her lips and started crying uncontrollably. Then, she turned and ran away from Vivian and Kurt. 
“Elaine! Elaine!” Vivian shouted when she saw Elaine taking off in tears. 
However, Elaine was out of sight just a few seconds later. All Vivian could hear was Elaine’s agonizing cry coming from afar. 
As Vivian was very appreciative of her friendship with Elaine, she stomped her feet in anger and turned to Kurt. “Why would you say that to her, Kurt? She came from a less well-off family. They even have to struggle for school fees, so what’s wrong with me helping her?” 
“Why would you want to help her? She knows that you’re a kind person. So she’s just taking advantage of your kindness!” Kurt responded.
“Stop it!” Vivian thundered. She stared at Kurt angrily before snatching the bags of purchased goods from his hand. Then she turned and left. 
Kurt was stunned as he watched Vivian leave him behind. 
A few days later, Vivian went to Class Eighteen at school to apologize to Elaine. 
But Elaine ignored her. Instead, she had already gotten close with Helena. Vivian even saw that Elaine was serving Helena around. 
So, you refused me even when I was willing to spend that last five hundred of mine on you to get your Cinderella outfit. Now that you’re with the girl from a royal family, you’re willing to be her servant? Vivian couldn’t help but feel disappointed in Elaine. 
With tears in her eyes, Vivian went back to her classroom. There, she bumped into Kurt wearing a blue- colored hoodie. He was there waiting for her. 
Vivian was shocked to see him there. To avoid letting him see the state she was in, she wanted to walk past him and go straight into the classroom. 
Kurt panicked and hurried over to Vivian. 
“Vivi, I’m sorry. I was wrong. Stop being angry at me, okay?” Kurt grabbed her hand and apologized because she had been ignoring him for days. 
Vivian went quiet for a while. She rubbed her teary eyes slightly and gazed upon Kurt. “I’m not angry at you. It’s just that I think that perhaps you were right about Elaine.” 
“Huh?” Kurt was puzzled, and he looked at Vivian. He was surprised at the fact that she wasn’t angry at him anymore. Instead, Vivian was crying again. “D-Don’t cry anymore, okay? My actions were wrong. I will not speak ill of her anymore. I-I’ll go and apologize to her, all right?”
Kurt was panicking as he saw how sad Vivian was. He had always been an insensitive child, but the moment he saw Vivian teared up, he turned sympathetic and was willing to apologize to Elaine. 
However, he was stopped by Vivian. “It’s okay, Kurt, you don’t have to do that. I’m not angry anymore. I’ll stop crying now. How about we go grab a bite together?” Vivian then stopped crying and invited Kurt along for a bite. 
Kurt’s heart ached for Vivian when he saw how strong of a little girl she was. Despite being incredibly sad herself, she toughened herself up instead for him. 
The two of them then went to the convenience store at the school and bought lots of junk food. They brought the food to a garden nearby and started eating. 
Well, Vivian did most of the eating because Kurt had never been much of a fan of junk food. He only ate some candies, which Vivian gave to him. 
Vivian’s mood improved after all the junk food. She then went back to her classroom. Kurt left the garden as well, but he was heading straight to Class Eighteen. 
“Elaine, someone’s looking for you outside,” one of the students said. 
Elaine was enjoying herself as she tried on the costumes given to her by the others. But upon hearing that someone was looking for her, she assumed that it was Vivian. Hence, she answered coldly, “I’m not going!” 
However, the student went on, “But the person is insisting!” 
Upon hearing that, Elaine trembled as she thought about the possibility of Kurt wanting to confront her. Out of fear, she had no choice but to approach the person outside her class.
My nightmare came true! Indeed, it was Kurt, with both his hands tucked inside the pockets of his blue hoodie. 
“Kurt, w-why are you here?” the trembling Elaine asked. 
“What do you think?” Kurt stared back at her with his frosty eyes. 
Why must he always look so scary? Unlike a typical ten-year-old, he possesses an overly petrifying gaze! Elaine was extremely intimidated. 
###Chapter 1495
Chapter 1495
Chapter 1495 Getting Rid Of Kurt 
Kurt had always been distant toward the others. Besides, it was unbelievable how scary of an aura that young boy possessed. 
“I-I don’t know, Kurt. What have I done wrong to displease you? I-I haven’t looked for Vivian for anything at all recently. I’ve been staying p-put in Class Eighteen and minding my own b-business.” Elaine was so intimidated that she couldn’t even explain herself without stuttering. 
“If you really wish to stop being such a nuisance to her, maybe you should consider getting out of this school and go back to where you came from!” Kurt sneered cold-heartedly. 
“Kurt, you…” 
Before Elaine could even finish her sentence, Kurt warned with an expressionless face, “Elaine Walker, I’m warning you. If I see you hurting Vivian’s feelings again, I’ll never let you off the hook. If you don’t have the decency to act like a human being, you might as well don’t be one.” He then turned and left. 
Elaine was stupefied as she stood there staring at Kurt’s back as she watched him leave. 
The decency to act like a human being? Did he just tell me to my face that I don’t deserve to exist in the land of the living? Elaine was left trembling with rage. Kurt! You’ll regret this! 
After a while, she turned and went to Helena. “Helena, could you do me a favor?” 
Due to the fact that Helena was satisfied with how Elaine behaved herself around her, she was willing to listen to her request. “Go ahead,” Helena responded as elegantly and gracefully as a
royal family member should. 
Elaine gave it some thought before saying, “Helena, are you aware of a person named Kurt? The one that follows Vivian around all the time. He knows about what you did to Vivian.” 
“What did you say?” Helena snapped at her. 
As soon as Elaine finished her sentence, all of Helena’s friends nearby gathered up around her and Helena. 
“How did he find out about it?” Helena questioned. 
“H-He stumbled upon the information by accident that day when he saw me hanging around with you guys. Ever since then, he has been blackmailing me with it. He said if I keep following you around instead of going back to Vivian, he’ll report us and expose us to the rest of the people at school,” Elaine explained. 
“How dare he!” Helena lost her calm and banged her table in a rage. 
At the sight of that, some of the others then voiced, “Helena, should we do something about this boy?” 
“Yes, this boy has no one to back him up. Rumor has it that he’s just Vivian’s lackey. So we have nothing to worry about. We should teach him a lesson.” 
“You’re right! We should!” 
The thugs by Helena’s side were all students at the school. Hence, they knew about Kurt. They had all seen Kurt around Vivian all the time and running errands for her. 
A vicious look flashed across Helena’s eyes. “Go get him!” 
Elain was jumping for joy upon hearing that.
Meanwhile, Vivian was already in a better mood. Along with her friends, she was in her class preparing for Halloween. She was completely unaware of what was about to happen to Kurt. 
“Vivi, don’t you think it’d be nice if you include a necklace for your Snow White costume?” Sonia suggested. 
“A necklace?” Vivian’s eyes brightened up. Oh yeah! Why didn’t I think of that? A necklace would be perfect. “I’ll go make one, then.” 
“Wait a minute! I know a place which sells nice pearls. A pearl necklace would definitely bring out the magic in your white dress! I’ll go with you later.” Upon hearing that Vivian had agreed to her suggestion, Sonia was so happy that she was willing to accompany her to buy her necklace. 
Of course, Vivian was more than happy to bring her along. 
With that, they both left the school. 
Shortly after, Kurt received a text from Vivian on his smartphone: Kurt, I’m going to the mall now. Would you like to join? 
Straightaway, Kurt gathered his textbooks and started walking out of the school as well. 
Around ten minutes later, Kurt had made his way past the main entrance of the school. Just when he was about to get on a bus heading to the mall to meet Vivian, he was confronted by a few thugs. 
“What a dimwit! It was so easy to lure you out,” one of them teased. 
“Exactly! And I thought you were a smart one,” another added. 
As the thugs were insulting Kurt, they were moving closer toward him.
Kurt squinted his eyes warily. Although he kept calm, he realized the danger and started backing off. 
“Where is she?” Kurt asked in a frosty voice. 
Suddenly, those thugs burst into laughter. “What a funny fellow. You’re in deep trouble now, and yet, all you could think about is that little girl? Don’t you worry, we’re here for you and won’t hurt her. However, I can only imagine how sad she’d be if you were to suddenly disappear into thin air!” 
After they chuckled sinisterly, they were about to attack Kurt. 
###Chapter 1496
Chapter 1496
Chapter 1496 Superhuman 
On paper, Kurt was indeed in deep trouble. The thugs were all teenagers, and they were all a lot bigger than him in size. Hence, they were expecting Kurt to go down almost instantly. 
However, everything changed when one of them threw out a punch. 
Although Kurt was just about half their height, he managed to grab hold of the thug’s wrist. 
The thugs were shocked. They didn’t expect Kurt to attempt defending himself. This kid sure is courageous and naive! 
But even before they got a chance to make fun of him, all they saw was a cold glint that flashed across Kurt’s eyes. 
Crack! 
Kurt let go of the thug’s wrist, and it just fell instantaneously. 
The thugs were stupefied. What the hell just happened? 
A short while later, a scream of pain filled the air. The thug, who tried to punch Kurt, was rolling on the ground in pain while holding his wrist. 
It turned out that Kurt had broken his wrist! 
What just happened? How did he do that? He’s just a kid! The thugs were all frightened and confused by what had just happened.
“That little b*stard! Let’s get him!” one of the thugs cursed. 
“Right! Let’s go! He’s only a kid. We can take him down!” another thug added on. 
They were so angry that their eyes turned murderous. They were going to attack Kurt at the same time. 
Despite that, Kurt didn’t move a muscle. 
He waited until one of them was almost at arm’s length, and that was when he struck. 
Thud! 
Kurt jumped and did a flying kick on the thug’s face. The impact was so loud that everyone at the scene heard it. 
Again, the thugs were stunned. 
However, it was too late. Kurt struck again with his foot and landed on another one of them. 
It was a rather shocking sight indeed. 
No one would have thought that a ten-year-old kid had such deadly skills! He was too fast and too strong for the thugs to handle. 
Within two minutes, Kurt had defeated all of the thugs as they rolled on the ground and howled in pain. 
Kurt then casually patted his pants to get rid of the dirt he got from the fight. 
Also, he realized that his hoodie was slightly messed up due to the moves he pulled on the thugs. Hence, he just tidied it up as though he was worried that Vivian might notice it. 
“W-Who are you? How are you so skillful?” Although still rolling around in pain, one of the thugs couldn’t believe that they were beaten by a little kid.
Initially, Kurt planned to leave right away. But it seemed like the thug’s questions had just reminded him of something. He then started walking toward the thug. 
Kurt then glared at him and said, “Oh, you’ve reminded me. I have to make sure Vivian doesn’t find out about this.” 
“What did you say?” The thug was confused. 
Thump! 
Kurt laid just two fingers on his chest, and the thug was already in immense pain. 
“What did you do?” the latter shouted in pain. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t kill you. I’ve just injured one of your acupoints. However, if you tell anyone about what happened here today, I won’t guarantee you’ll live.” Kurt quickly left the scene after that. 
That was when the thugs realized that they had messed with the wrong person. 
What sort of martial art was that? 
Was that a type of world-renowned martial art? 
The thugs were left on the ground, wondering. 
Half an hour later, Kurt had finally found Vivian in the mall that they had been to the previous time. 
“Huh? Kurt, is that you?” Vivian was bursting with joy when she saw Kurt. 
He then glanced at the blonde-haired girl accompanying Vivian expressionlessly before looking at Vivian and answered, “Yeah.”
“Have you gotten everything you need?” Kurt asked. 
“Yes! We were about the leave. Kurt, do you need anything? I can buy for you.” With Sonia by her side, Vivian had already bought everything she needed. She was in a jubilant mood. 
Upon Vivian’s offer, Kurt shook his head adamantly. “No, thanks.” 
Three of them then left and were heading back to school. 
Meanwhile, in the evening in Avenport, Solomon received a call from Yartran after work. 
“Mr. Akiyama, something happened today. I don’t think the little boy, Kurt, is as simple as he seems,” the person on the other end said. 
“Huh?” Solomon was dumbstruck because it had been a while since he last heard about Kurt. 
###Chapter 1497
Chapter 1497
Chapter 1497 Sudden Change 
The person continued, “In the afternoon, there were a few thugs who tried to mess around with him. But right before we had the chance to intervene, the kid had already finished all of them on his own. His moves were quite impressive.” 
What? Solomon stopped in his tracks. Counterattack? Did I just hear that a ten-year-old finished some thugs? But, surely, it wasn’t a serious fight. 
As Solomon was already arriving at his house, he hung up the phone and entered the house. 
“Darling, you’re back?” Ichika was already done preparing spaghetti and happily waiting for Solomon’s arrival. 
“Yes.” Solomon smiled and handed over his notebook and jacket to Ichika. 
Shortly after, they were both seated at the dining table. 
“Darling, who was it you were on the phone with just now? You seemed intrigued while on the phone,” Ichika asked curiously. 
Solomon took a few sips of his soup. “It was from the people over at Vivi’s.” 
“Huh?” Upon hearing that, Ichika stopped eating abruptly, and her eyes widened. Worried, she continued, “Did something happen? Is Vivi okay?”
“Yes, she’s fine. It was about a little boy named Kurt. He’s the one I told you about before. A distinctive child that the people at Oceanic Estate sent over to study with Vivi,” Solomon briefly explained. 
Ichika’s curiosity grew upon hearing that. “Yeah? What about him?” 
“I was told that he has amazing fighting skills. So I was thinking, perhaps he’s not even a distinctive child, but instead, he’s someone Sebastian specifically sent over to protect Vivi.” 
“What?” Ichika was shocked. “Such a young boy?” 
Solomon nodded. “That’s not unusual. Back then, all of the members of SteelFort were recruited when they were around Kurt’s age. After their training, they’d go on and become elite assassins for the Hayes family.” 
“So, you suspect that Kurt could be from SteelFort?” Ichika was indeed a sharp-witted woman as she understood Solomon right away. 
Surely, he’s only ten and yet, possesses such skills. That must be it. Solomon didn’t investigate the matter further. Because if Kurt was sent by that man at Oceanic Estate, there was no reason for him to speculate. 
He then told those two subordinates of his from SteelFort over at Yartran to act as though nothing had happened. He also instructed them to pull out from there. Not too shabby, compared to my men. 
However, a piece of bad news arrived at Oceanic Estate three days later. 
It was Edmund who went to find Sebastian personally. “Sebastian, something happened at the school. There was a girl, Elaine, she died. Did you guys hear about it?” 
“What?” Sebastian was stunned. Sasha was flabbergasted too. Coincidentally, Jonathan was nearby taking a stroll in the garden. He heard about it as well.
“How did it happen?” Sebastian asked. 
“There was an accident at an event. And the person who caused the accident was Kurt!” Edmund then showed them a series of texts he received from a friend over at Yartran. Besides that, he also disclosed an investigation report done by the police on the accident. 
Kurt? How could it be Kurt? Sasha was shocked. “How could it be? Kurt is only a young boy. What sort of an accident could he have caused? This is absurd!” 
Jonathan couldn’t believe it as well. “Are they stupid?” 
Both Edmund and Sebastian remained calm and silent. 
A moment later, Edmund calmly suggested that they should find out more from the people at Yartran about what happened. 
He then sent a text to his friend. Not less than ten minutes later, he received a phone call from Yartran. It was Vivian. 
“Daddy…” Vivian was crying uncontrollably. 
Sebastian’s heart ached upon hearing that. “All right now, Daddy’s here. Everything will be fine, Vivi.” 
“Okay, I-I’ll stop crying now. I knew Daddy would come and rescue Kurt. D-Daddy, you have to come here fast. I can’t let them keep Kurt away. He had nothing to do with what happened to Elaine.” Although Vivian was still sobbing, she toughened herself up and begged Sebastian. 
Vivian then added, “Kurt didn’t cause the accident to happen. That night during the Halloween event, everything was going fine as Kurt and I got all dressed up and went over to the event. But once we arrived, Elaine and Helena showed up out of nowhere and confronted us. That was when the scrimmage
happened. How could they blame Kurt for that?” Vivian kept wiping her tears as she was trying to explain. 
At that moment, Sasha took over the phone. She couldn’t bear to hear her daughter cry. Furthermore, Vivian had always been the most well-protected in the family. “Vivi, it’s Mommy. Don’t worry. Mommy and Daddy will get this settled, okay?” 
“Okay.” Vivian was relieved. 
###Chapter 1498
Chapter 1498
Chapter 1498 Growth Curve 
They hung up the phone after that and started figuring out the way they should handle the situation. 
“According to my friend over there, there was this Halloween event which was held three days ago. During the event, a conflict happened between Helena and Vivian. That was when the scrimmage ensued. In the midst of it all, Elaine fell onto the ground, and she got trampled on.” Edmund gave the others a brief summary. 
“Helena?” Suddenly, Sasha voiced out as she felt something suspicious. “Who is Helena? Why was there a conflict between her and Vivi?” 
Edmund continued, “She’s the daughter of a local duke. Apparently, they are funding the school as well. In fact, earlier on, a conflict had already happened between them during Vivian’s first school test. It was Solomon who went over to deal with it that time. Didn’t you guys hear about it?” 
Just like that, Solomon’s name was, again, brought up under such circumstances. Sasha was stunned. 
“When did that happen?” Sebastian snapped around to look at Edmund. 
In the end, Sasha dug out some information from Solomon before they left for Yartran. The latter told her about everything that had happened at the school, including the fight between Kurt and the thugs. 
However, Solomon left out the fact that Kurt had defeated all of them on his own. He only mentioned that he did station his own men there.
Sasha couldn’t help but tremble in anger as she was crying upon hearing that. “What sort of a rubbish place is that? If only we had known, we wouldn’t have sent Vivi there. Even a school is so chaotic.” 
Sebastian’s face was gloomy when he comforted her, “Don’t worry. We’ll find out more when we get there.” 
That evening, they arrived at Yartran on their private jet. Edmund’s friend was there to fetch them at the airport. “Greetings, Mr. Hayes and Mrs. Hayes. Would you like to go to the hotel first or the school?” 
“What’s the situation like at the school?” Sebastian asked with a gloomy expression. 
Edmund’s friend then told him truthfully, “The situation there is okay now because we’ve informed the school of your identity. Hence, they wouldn’t act rashly on Kurt. However, the Goldin family is not letting this slide.” 
“What a joke! We have nothing to do with Elaine. Why are they concerned?” Sasha snapped back. 
“Actually, there was another student who was injured. He’s one of Helena’s people. Hence, the family is now involved as well,” Edmund’s friend responded awkwardly. 
He then added, “Besides, I’ve heard from the other students that Elaine had been following Helena around as though she had cut ties with Vivian.” After that, the friend took out his smartphone to show them the photos and information he had gathered at the school. 
The whole time, Sebastian remained calm and composed. 
Sasha, on the other hand, went berserk when she heard that Elaine had cut ties with Vivian. “How ungrateful! Just like her mother. At first, she had gotten close to Vivi just so that she could enroll in the school. Ever since then, she had been taking advantage of Vivi. After she had gotten in, she burned the bridge and ended up sucking up to Helena just because they’re richer than us?”
“Mrs. Hayes…” Edmund’s friend tried to explain. 
Sasha cut him off almost instantly, “Haha. Very well. Let’s wait and see.” Sasha coldly chuckled as she was filled with pure rage. 
Considering how infuriated Sasha was, Sebastian still remained silent. However, everyone knew that the less he talked, the outcome of the whole situation would be even more catastrophic. 
The two of them soon arrived at the school. They then split up and handled both sides of the situation respectively. Sasha would go find Vivian and Kurt, while Sebastian would confront the school so that he could put his status to good use. 
“Mommy…” Vivian sobbed and ran toward Sasha when she saw the latter approaching. She had waited by the door of the dorm for three days. 
Kurt had been kept alone inside the dorm all along. When Sasha arrived, he, too, walked toward the window and looked at her anxiously. 
Sasha hugged Vivian tightly as she was heartbroken thinking about what her daughter had gone through. 
But at the same, she was impressed by Vivian. Since Vivian was little, everyone had been taking care of her needs around the clock. However, throughout the three days that she had been waiting for her parents, she held on unfalteringly just to protect her friend. 
Because of that, Sasha was grateful for how Vivian had turned out. Oh, Vivi, you’ve grown up. 
“Hush now, sweetie. Your Daddy is here now, and he’s dealing with your teachers as we speak. Don’t you worry anymore, okay?” Sasha comforted. 
While still sobbing, Vivian nodded. “Okay, sure.”
Sasha then looked toward Kurt through the glass window. 
###Chapter 1499
Chapter 1499
Chapter 1499 Real Hardcore 
It was the first time Sasha observed that little boy closely. 
To her slight bewilderment, she discovered that he did not show any panic despite being locked up behind the glass window. 
Those black eyes of his were staring intently at her. 
There was guilt and nervousness in his gaze, but there was no trace of panic. 
A moment later, Sasha stood up and walked over to the glass window. 
“Kurt, don’t be afraid. Uncle Sebastian and I are here. We won’t let anything happen to you.” 
The boy inside the glass window immediately nodded his head obediently upon hearing that. 
However, he still did not utter a word. 
He reminded Sasha of her eldest son, Ian. At that instance, her heart twitched in pain as she reached out from the window and touched the little boy’s head. 
Ian is a quiet boy as well. But he is much luckier than this boy. Even though I wasn’t by his side since he was young, he still got his father. And after I came back, we’ve been raising him with full care. But what about this boy? He came from an impoverished place in Smallpoint. No one could imagine what his childhood was like. 
Sasha cast another compassionate glance at him, deciding to stay.
Meanwhile, after Sebastian arrived at the school, he immediately approached the school’s chief administrator. 
“Are you really Vivian’s father?” 
The chief administrator found it hard to believe that an ordinary girl in their school had such a powerful background. 
Sebastian crossed his legs in his seat and uttered indifferently, “Why? Do you want to see her birth certificate?” 
“N-No… There’s no need for you to do that.” The chief administrator immediately rejected. His attitude was much more intimidated than when Edmund’s friend came. 
Now that I’ve revealed my identity, it is time to get on with business. 
Yet, when he was about to touch on the matter, the chief administrator had already cut to the chase. “Mr. Hayes, about this case. We have evidence that Kurt was the one who did it on Halloween.” 
“Is it? Please show it to me.” 
Sebastian did not show any anger as he requested nicely to look at the evidence. 
However, the chief administrator was not that cooperative after hearing Sebastian’s request. 
“Mr. Hayes, the cops have taken away the evidence. Plus, I’m sure they’ve collected their evidence as well. You can go to the police station if you want to see them.” 
The cops? 
Sebastian displayed a cold smile. “He’s just ten years old, yet you handed him to the cops before his family arrived. Is that how your school handles things?”
“I…” 
“I don’t mind going to the police station. But are you sure you want that? If I go and find out the case is not like what you said, it might be the end for your school.” 
Sebastian sat there relaxingly while lighting up a cigarette. 
But as he spat out the last sentence, the friend beside him knew he was not joking. It had been a long while since he gave a threat like this. 
If the school doesn’t fulfill his request, it would be the biggest mistake they’ve ever made! 
Initially, the chief administrator still did not take the threat seriously. Yet, a moment later, someone came in and whispered in his ears, “Sir Goldin is not yet here. It has been twenty minutes since we made the call.” 
The chief administrator was dumbstruck after hearing that. 
He cast a glance at Sebastian and picked up the phone cowardly. 
Sir Goldin was the backer of the school, and he had the status of the royals. The chief administrator could not comprehend why the former had not arrived twenty minutes even after they contacted him. 
As such, he could not help but reconsider the importance of the two men in front of him. 
To his relief, the cops came in no time after receiving his call. 
Sebastian did not bother the chief administrator anymore, as he started dealing with the cops. 
First of all, it’s the evidence, of course. 
“Mr. Hayes, this is the footage for the incident on Halloween. Please have a look.”
The cops showed full cooperation compared to the chief administrator, taking out the footage without delay. 
Sebastian sat in his seat and began watching the footage with full attention. 
The beginning of the footage showed the celebration scene of the teachers and the students of the entire school. That was the spot where the accident occurred. At that point, Sebastian spotted his little princess wearing the costume of Snow White. 
She was holding Kurt’s hand, both of them walking happily. The latter was dressed as a prince. 
“Mr. Hayes, please pay attention here. It’s about to happen.” The cops reminded as the footage continued to play. 
With that, Sebastian locked his eyes on the screen attentively. 
Around two minutes later, they saw Vivian and Kurt arriving at the square. Just then, another girl, wearing a diamond crown and a luxurious dress, showed up. 
She was escorted by many bodyguards, like a queen on tour. As soon as she arrived, everyone on the spot made way for her. 
However, Vivian was the only one who stood still at her spot, without any intention to move. 
Indeed. Why should my daughter make way for others? 
Sebastian was still watching the footage, his face devoid of expression. 
###Chapter 1500
Chapter 1500
Chapter 1500 The Real Identity Of Kurt 
In the footage, the girl named Helena cut a ferocious glare at Vivian, who did not make way. 
“It’s her again. Get her out of my way!” 
She immediately ordered her bodyguards to take action on Vivian. 
If it were another person, they would have been scared to death facing such a massive lineup. 
However, Vivian was different. She grew up in an environment that was better than Helena. Thus, it was not a big deal for her to see so many bodyguards. 
After Vivian heard Helena telling her men to move on her, not only did she not try to escape, but she stared back at Helena wrathfully. 
“Don’t you dare to touch me! I’m warning you. I’ll inform the teacher right away.” 
“The teacher?” 
Helena burst into laughter upon hearing that. 
“Vivian, what a naive girl you are! Haven’t you learned from the last incident? Do you think the teachers will be on your side?” 
Helena boasted insolently as though the whole school belonged to the Goldin family. 
As a matter of fact, that was true before Vivian came to this school.
Sebastian narrowed his gaze while continuing to stare at the screen. 
The next moment, those bodyguards charged toward the two of them. Vivian, who had never encountered such a situation, started paling in fright. 
Yet, at that instance, Kurt, who had been standing behind her all this while, got rid of her hand. 
His tiny body stood right between her and those bodyguards. 
“Kurt!” 
Recoiled in fear, Vivian let out a shriek. 
Right then, something peculiar happened. The second Kurt stood in front of her, those bodyguards running toward them suddenly collapsed one after another onto the floor. No one knew how Kurt was able to do that. 
“Mr. Hayes, did you see that? Isn’t that little boy strange?” The cops interrupted and asked purposely. 
“What’s so strange?” Sebastian furrowed his brows. 
The cops replied, “Wait, didn’t you see that? There were so many of them, yet none of them could get close to your daughter. That was obviously the boy’s doing. But how exactly did he do that?” 
So, that’s what the cops find suspicious. 
In the footage, a little girl wearing a green maid costume appeared. 
She was moving backward when she saw the conflict between the two parties. All of a sudden, a blonde bodyguard beside Helena grabbed her. 
“You! Move over there!”
She was pushed forcefully toward the direction of Vivian. 
Vivian was left in shock when she laid her eyes on that little girl. “Elaine!” 
She thought those people were attacking Elaine. Thus, she immediately grabbed her, wanting to protect her. 
Yet, to her bewilderment, Elaine suddenly charged toward her. 
The next moment, Kurt responsively pushed Vivian away. Right after that, he turned toward Elaine and faced her with an aggressive look. 
Thump! 
He used his hand to block Elaine’s attack. Regardless of his young age, his physical seemed skilled. 
Upon seeing that, the bodyguards behind Elaine got all worked up in a blink of the eye. The next moment, Elaine seemed to lose her balance. She let out a scream and fell among those bodyguards. 
After that, Elaine disappeared from the screen, most probably falling down on the floor. 
“Mr. Hayes, so now you’ve seen what happened. Kurt was the one who pushed Elaine.” 
The cops paused the footage after watching that scene. 
It seemed like Kurt was indeed involved in it. 
However, Sebastian did not think it was Kurt’s fault. He had no choice. Should he just let Elaine hurt Vivian then? 
Sebastian still sat in his seat while displaying a cold smile.
“Yes, I’ve seen the whole thing clearly, but I don’t see a problem here.” 
“What did you say?” 
“If Elaine was not the one who got hurt, but my daughter, who will you be accusing now then?” 
He landed a sinister gaze upon those cops. 
The cops were rendered speechless by that. 
“Mr. Hayes, what are you…” 
“First, you should not blame the one alive just because of an accident. I believe if this case happened in any country, the cops would have judged that Kurt was merely protecting Vivian. In other words, it was a justifiable defense. You wouldn’t want anything to happen to my daughter either, would you?” 
The color drained from the chief administrator’s face upon hearing Sebastian’s words. He failed to find anything to rebuke to that. 
Sebastian continued to elaborate, “Plus, Kurt did not use any violence when he pushed her away. It seemed to me that he was merely blocking her attack. How could that be a problem? Sir, your attitude somehow makes me think that you’re biased against this little boy.” 
Sebastian sounded utterly straightforward in his last sentence. 
The cops turned red in embarrassment after getting exposed by Sebastian. 
Indeed, they were not exactly fair in this case. Elaine was on Helena’s side, and the latter was the daughter of the Goldin family. Thus, more or less, the cops would try to side with the powerful side, which was a common phenomenon in a place like Yartran. 
###Chapter 1501
Chapter 1501
Chapter 1501 No Longer A Kid 
Eventually, due to insufficient evidence, the cops had no choice but to drop all charges against Kurt. 
A moment later, Sebastian came out from the school. 
Edmund’s friend had been waiting for him outside. After seeing him come out, the former immediately asked, “How was it? Mr. Hayes, did they give you a hard time?” 
“Nope,” Sebastian replied in a composed manner. 
He did not bother to tell the whole story. 
Soon, he arrived at the student dorm to check on his wife and his daughter. When he saw Kurt locked up in the dorm, his expression turned solemn. 
“I think it is better for you to go back to SteelFort for the time being. You’re still too young.” 
Kurt, who did not show many emotions throughout these three days, lifted his head and stared at Sebastian. He was slightly startled by the latter’s words. 
At that instant, his face went paper white. 
Finally, there was a trace of panic appearing on his pretty face. 
In the end, his expression turned utterly despondent.
“Uncle Sebastian, I know I’ve acted too harshly this time. I should have controlled myself. Uncle Sebastian, I won’t do it again in the future.” 
Kurt, who used to be cold-hearted, began pleading with Sebastian to let him stay in this school. 
However, Sebastian did not intend to give in to him. 
Sebastian sat down on the bed behind him and cast a composed look at Kurt. 
“No, I think you didn’t lose control, but you did it deliberately. You didn’t want Elaine to stay here all this while, did you? Kurt, I’ve told you that Vivian came here to fulfill her dream. After this incident, be it her mood or the school’s atmosphere, everything will be different. Do you think she will still be able to learn peacefully here?” 
Kurt went silent completely. 
He lowered his head as though the secret deep down in his heart had gotten exposed. He clenched his fists tightly. The color drained from his face. 
To Sebastian’s befuddlement, tears began to brim within Kurt’s eyes. 
After seeing that, Sebastian’s heart melted. 
He is only ten years old, after all. I shouldn’t be too hard on him. 
“I have no other intention. It’s just that your age is still young. You’re still immature in handling stuff like this. So, I suggest you spend a few more years in SteelFort and let Karl educate you properly.” 
With that, Kurt remained silent until the end. 
Sebastian, who had finished settling everything, got ready to take Sasha and Kurt away from the school two hours later.
However, just when they walked past the school entrance, Vivian suddenly ran out, crying fiercely. 
“Daddy, please stop. Let Kurt go. Please don’t take him away. Daddy…” 
She bawled her eyes out desperately. 
Before leaving, Sebastian had arranged for her bodyguard back in Miralaea to keep her company. 
However, after she learned that Kurt was leaving, she could not accept it. 
Sasha’s heart twitched in pain as she saw Vivian crying in the rear mirror. 
“Please stop. Vivian is chasing us. Sebby, please stop the car!” 
Sebastian had no choice but to hit the brake. 
Right after he stopped his car, Vivian caught up with their pace. She opened the car door abruptly and scanned inside the car. 
Without hesitation, she reached her chubby hand and grabbed Kurt, who was staring at her in awe. 
“Kurt, please come out now! Hurry. You’re not going anywhere without me. Please stay here with me.” 
Tears kept rolling down her cheeks and dropped on Kurt’s hand, making the latter’s heart twitch in devastation. 
With that, his eyes turned red as well. 
Sasha and Sebastian were rendered speechless by that emotional scene. 
They had always known that their daughter was a girl with a strong sense of friendship.
That was why Elaine would want to follow her no matter where she went. And now, it was because of her too that Kurt was willing to make sacrifices and comply with Sebastian’s request. 
Of course, she would not allow Kurt to make such a sacrifice for her. 
“Mommy, I’m begging you. Please let Kurt stay, all right? It was not his fault but mine. I shouldn’t have offended Helena. I’m so sorry. Could you guys please let Kurt go?” 
“Vivi…” 
Sasha could not suppress the dull pain in her heart. 
Upon seeing that scene, Sebastian was not any better. 
###Chapter 1502
Chapter 1502
Chapter 1502 Finally 
In the end, Sebastian allowed Kurt to stay with Vivian in the school. 
In order not to let the two of them be disturbed in the school, he purposely bought all the shares of the school, except for the shares that belonged to the Goldin family. Only then could he leave Yartran with peace of mind. 
Meanwhile, the Goldin family was beyond exasperated after finding that out. 
“This school belongs to the royals. How could you guys sell your shares to an outsider? Are you fools?” 
Sir Goldin called those shareholders and burst into fury. 
However, after those shareholders sold their shares, they did not take the former seriously anymore. 
“Sir, we didn’t have many shares after all. Plus, Mr. Hayes was willing to pay us at a double rate. No one would be able to resist such an offer. Plus, there won’t seem to be a problem.” 
“You guys…” 
Sir Goldin almost fainted out of rage. 
How did he manage to pay double for all the shares? Who in the world is this guy called Sebastian? I thought he had nothing to do with the Hayes Corporation anymore. How could he possibly still possess such a huge buying power? 
Sir Goldin could not wrap his head around it.
Not long after that, his assistant returned. 
“Sir Goldin, we’ve looked into his background. It turns out that Sebastian is someone who has the power to control the country’s economy. He seemed to have restructured the new economics map from worldwide within this half-year.” 
Even though Sir Goldin was a significant royalty from Yartran, he paled in comparison with Sebastian’s power. Sir Goldin was at a loss for words after finding out Sebastian’s real identity. 
That’s beyond terrifying. Even I have no chance to stand against him. 
None of the Goldin family dared to utter a word from then on. 
The following day, Sebastian and Sasha finally got back to Oceanic Estate. They received the news that Elaine’s parents had come to make a fuss. In fact, they had already expected that to happen. 
Nevertheless, Oceanic Estate was not a place anyone could disrespect. Before they could even get close, Jonathan captured them and cast them into jail. 
“Sebby, what should we do about this? Yesterday when I was at school, I’ve heard from one of Vivi’s classmates named Sonia that after Elaine transferred to the other class, her relationship with Vivi became worse. And ever since Elaine got close to Helena, she kept coming after Vivi. Solomon also said that Elaine was the one who witnessed Helena switching Vivi’s work.” 
Sasha walked into the study room and started complaining about what she heard. 
She was beyond enraged after knowing Elaine’s parents had come to Oceanic Estate. 
Indeed, Elaine’s parents had terrible personalities. Sasha had learned about that long before they sent Vivian to this particular school.
Thus, even though something had happened to Elaine, Sasha had made up her mind not to tolerate the latter’s parents. After all, it was probably their fault that Elaine became such an arrogant girl. 
Surely, Sebastian knew what was in Sasha’s mind. 
“All right. I knew about that already. Don’t worry. I know what to do.” Sebastian tried to comfort Sasha. He had long thought of a plan to deal with that despicable couple. 
Two days later, Sasha called the school from Oceanic Estate, asking about Vivian’s current condition. 
After she ended the call, Mark stopped by to visit her. 
“Madam, Old Mr. Jadeson asks me to inform you that he has released the couple.” 
“Is it?” Sasha immediately put down her phone. “Are they still making a scene?” 
“They won’t dare to. After all, Kurt did not truly attack Elaine. It was merely self-defense. Helena should be the one held responsible for Elaine’s death. If they want compensation, they should be looking for Helena’s family.” 
Mark’s tone sounded just like Jonathan’s. 
Upon hearing that, Sasha said, “They would never dare to do that. After all, Helena’s family is not any ordinary family.” 
Mark added, “Yes. Old Mr. Jadeson has already given them some money for Vivian’s sake. It’s up to them to take it or not. If they try to make a fuss again, we won’t give them any more chances. They will be thrown into prison for good.” 
Sasha was somewhat impressed with how Jonathan handled things.
It seems like we don’t need to worry about anyone with him at our side. 
As such, the matter was settled. 
Meanwhile, due to Sebastian’s forceful intervention, plus Elaine was no longer around, Vivian could finally have a peaceful school life. 
Helena from Class Eighteen did not dare to bully her anymore. In no time, she won the favor of many schoolmates. 
She made a lot of new friends. 
Meanwhile, Kurt was staying by her side all the time too. 
Sasha was relieved after knowing her daughter was doing well in school. 
With that, she shifted her focus back to her hectic work at the bar. She discovered that after she implemented the bonus system for all the staff at the bar, even those from the Jasesons had started to show dedication in work. 
Sasha then texted her colleagues: This is the sales revenue for this month. More than twelve million in total. After deducting all the costs, our profit should be around seven million. 
Colton: Really? That’s great! 
Cameron: Sasha. You’re so brilliant! We’re earning more and more. 
Michelle, the fifth aunt of the Jadesons, texted: We’ll follow Sasha wherever she goes! 
Stephanie, the seventh daughter of the Jadesons, texted: That’s right! We’re on the same team!
The entire Jadesons exploded in excitement after Sasha announced in the group regarding the revenue they had made. 
###Chapter 1503
Chapter 1503
Chapter 1503 Heartbroken 
Their revenue had grown from five million to twelve million in only a few months. With the new bonus system, they could even get their share of the profit. 
With that, everyone got utterly motivated to do a better job and achieve a better result. 
Meanwhile, Sasha planned to launch some new strategies to boost sales revenue further. 
However, when she contacted Sabrina over text that night, the latter told her some news. 
Sabrina: I can’t go to the bar anymore. Devin isn’t allowing me. 
Sasha: Why? Did you two have a fight? 
Maybe it’s because Sabrina got drunk from the bar last time, Sasha thought to herself. 
However, that did not seem to be the case. 
Sabrina: No. It’s just that… I’m pregnant. I thought I could do anything, just like when I was pregnant with Jaena. But, after I got home yesterday, I found myself bleeding… 
Sasha was rendered speechless after hearing such a piece of surprising news. 
What was she thinking? Why didn’t she tell me that she was pregnant? She had been wearing high heels at the bar for the whole day. How could she put herself in such a high-risk situation? 
Sasha immediately threw her phone to the side and ran downstairs.
“Sebby! Huh? He’s not home?” 
“No, Madam. Is there anything?” 
The housemaid immediately asked when she saw Sasha running down in a hurry. 
Sasha displayed a smile. “Nothing. I’ve got good news to tell him. By the way, where’s Grandpa? Is he in?” 
Jonathan came across her mind instantly. She was eager to inform him of the news as she knew he would be thrilled to have a new family member at Red Pavilion. 
The housemaid replied, “Old Mr. Jadeson is in. He is playing chess with Mr. Steward at the observation tower.” 
What a relaxing life he is having. 
Without hesitation, Sasha ran over there. 
Jonathan, who was drinking tea and playing chess at the observation tower, was beyond excited after hearing that news. He was so emotional that he threw the chessboard off the table. 
“Is that for real? Let’s go check on her now!” 
Even at almost ninety, he got up and started running. 
Feeling amused, Sasha immediately caught up with his pace. 
Ten minutes later, all those in the Hayeses’ group knew about the big news. 
Wand: Old Mr. Jadeson, are you serious? Are you going to be a great-grandfather again? 
Jonathan: Yup. Haha. Are you guys happy to hear that?
Jonathan was so overwhelmed with joy that he wanted to share it with everyone in the family. After all, the thing he wished for finally came true. 
Ichika: Of course, I’m happy. Sab and Devin, congratulations. Jaena is going to be a sister soon. That’s wonderful. 
Lance: That’s right. Congratulations, Sab and Devin. 
Sebastian: We should celebrate this. Let’s gather tonight then. 
The atmosphere in the group exploded as Sebastian suggested doing a celebration. 
At that moment, the couple of the hour finally showed up too. 
Devin: Everyone, I’m sorry. I’ve just found out about it too. Or else I would have told you guys earlier. 
Sasha: Devin, you have to understand. All women are like this. Maybe she’s just found out about it as well. 
Sabrina: Sasha! 
Sebastian: Did she say anything wrong? Why are you shouting at her? 
He is always so protective over her wife. What a lovely couple. With that thought in mind, Sabrina kept silent and did not further respond. 
The atmosphere in the group turned merry due to the happy news. Everyone showed great anticipation for the new life which was about to come to this world. 
Just then, Rufus tagged the one who had not shown any response in the group. 
Rufus texted: Hey, Solomon, what about you guys? When will you have the good news too?
At that instance, the group fell into dead silence. 
Sasha immediately called Rufus, asking the latter not to touch on the sensitive topic. 
But right then, there was some response in the group. 
Sebastian: Soon. 
Solomon was rendered speechless as he did not expect to see Sebastian respond so swiftly. 
Sasha noticed that and responded within seconds. 
Sasha: Really? 
Sebastian: Yes. There will be a parcel in a few days. Solomon, remember to pay for it. 
Everyone in the group was stunned momentarily, whether or not they knew what Sebastian was implying. 
As such, two days went by. Solomon was in the company when he suddenly got a call from Ichika. 
“Oh my God! Darling, I’ve just received a parcel with twenty million in it! What’s going on? Is this some kind of a mistake?” 
Ichika’s voice was trembling on the other end. 
Solomon’s heart skipped a beat as he came to the realization. 
Twenty million. What a massive sum of money… 
###Chapter 1504
Chapter 1504
Chapter 1504 Blending In 
As Sabrina was pregnant, Sasha decided not to let her go to the bar for the time being. 
As such, she was left with no assistant to manage the bar. 
“Can you manage it alone? If not, I can arrange a few people to help you out.” Sebastian was concerned about her. 
Well. That’s not a bad idea. Sasha stretched her aching waist and thought to herself. 
But just then, her phone rang abruptly. 
“Hello?” 
“Mrs. Hayes, I’m Mrs. Cooper. I heard that Ms. Hayes is pregnant and unable to go to the bar, right? Is it possible for me to go there to help out?” 
A meek voice came from the phone, leaving Sasha’s mind blank out for a while. 
Mrs. Cooper? Which Mrs. Cooper? 
She was a little confused at the moment, failing to identify the person who was on the phone with her. 
Sebastian overheard the name from the phone and cast her a glance. “Could it be Edmund’s wife?” 
Yes. I almost forgot. He’s married now. That’s her.
“Oh, so it’s Mrs. Cooper! Of course, you’re welcome to come work with us. But the work is tiring. I’m not sure if you could cope with it.” 
“There won’t be a problem. I’m the one who does the chores at home usually. So you don’t have to worry about me, Mrs. Hayes.” Tillie expressed her excitement after hearing Sasha accepted her. 
With that, Sasha was left with no choice but to agree. 
Putting down the phone, Sasha turned to Sebastian and asked, “Why would Tillie want to go to the bar suddenly? Is that Edmund’s idea?” 
Sebastian furrowed his brows slightly. 
“Well, Edmund has some shares in the bar. So I guess that makes sense. Ever since Edmund took over the Zanders’ business, I heard that Tillie has been having a difficult time with Gabriella and her two daughters. Thus, I understand why she wants to get out and find a job.” 
How does he even know about that? 
Upon hearing that, Sasha did not feel like further discussing the topic. 
She was well aware that besides Riley, the other women in the Coopers were all strange people. 
Among them, Violet seemed to be the most serious one. She was pregnant with a man’s child, and she requested the Coopers to give her an expensive dowry. And after Edmund rejected it, she went to the man’s house by herself. 
The man’s mother suspected the child was not theirs and cast her out in broad daylight. 
That was a huge embarrassment for the Coopers.
Hence, one could imagine Tillie was most probably not having a comfortable life staying in the Cooper residence. 
At that moment, Sasha made up her mind to accept Tillie. 
When Sasha arrived at the bar the following day, she saw a young lady wearing a short skirt and carrying an elegant handbag. 
“Are you… Mrs. Cooper?” 
It was the first time for Sasha to meet Tillie at such a close distance since the wedding ceremony. 
Without the heavy makeup, Tillie’s features seemed somehow ordinary. 
However, what startled Sasha the most was that Tillie looked extraordinarily shy and nervous. 
“Yes, Mrs. Hayes. Please call me Tillie.” 
Her tone sounded utterly reserved, and she lowered her head right after she finished her sentence. 
Sasha was somehow dumbfounded by that. 
Isn’t she the daughter of a rich family as well? How could she have such low self-esteem? 
With that, Sasha took the initiative to act friendly. “All right. Tillie, please stop addressing me as Mrs. Hayes as well. Edmund, my husband, and Devin are all good friends. Please call me Sasha.” 
“Okay, Sasha.” 
Tillie agreed with it happily, even though she immediately lowered her head once again.
An introvert like her was not exactly suitable to work at the bar. It was a service industry where staff needed to be cheerful and passionate to serve the customers. 
In other words, the profits relied directly on the staff’s attitude. 
However, Sasha did not feel irritated at all with Tillie. 
She put the latter in the position that handled customer order statistics. 
“Tillie, let’s try this position for today. Please let me know if you run into any problem, okay?” 
“Okay, Sasha.” 
Staring at the unfamiliar working environment, Tillie could not suppress the excitement in her gaze. 
With that, she started the new chapter of her life at the bar. 
Even though she was unfamiliar with this industry, she was a quick learner. Sasha even discovered that Tillie seemed talented with numbers. 
“Tillie, what was your major in school?” 
“I studied accountant,” Tillie replied shyly while handing over the ledger she had just finished calculating. 
I see. That makes sense then. 
Sasha was somehow thrilled upon hearing that. She rechecked the ledger and confirmed there was no mistake with Tillie’s calculations. That day after work, she purposely paid a compliment to Tillie. 
###Chapter 1505
Chapter 1505
Chapter 1505 Great Responsibility 
“Tillie, you’re doing great. This job used to be done by Sabrina. Now that you’re here, I don’t need to hire someone else. I’ll leave it to you from now on.” 
“Okay. All right.” 
Tillie agreed to it joyously. 
After getting home that night, Sasha mentioned to Sebastian about Tillie. 
Sebastian was looking through the images of some orders with his tablet. 
“It’s your call. But I think it’s better to inform Edmund about it.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha’s expression changed upon hearing that. 
“We can’t tell Edmund. She said Edmund might get angry, so she hadn’t told him about the job. Do you think there is something wrong with their marriage?” 
Sebastian did not respond to it. 
He was not interested in their private matter. 
I’ve done enough to help the entire Coopers. Let them handle their family issues themselves.
With that, he shifted his attention back to his tablet. 
Seeing that, Sasha dropped the topic as well. 
She grabbed her nightgown and headed into the bathroom. 
Crash! 
“What happened? Sebby!” 
Sasha, who had just gone into the bathroom, rushed out anxiously and scanned around the room. 
She spotted a glass cup that had fallen onto the floor. 
Sebastian lowered his body, wanting to pick up the shattered cup. 
“Please don’t move. Let me clean this. Don’t cut yourself!” 
Sasha, who was only covered in a towel, ran toward Sebastian and stopped him. 
Why did it fall onto the floor suddenly? Wasn’t it placed far from him just now? 
Without delay, Sasha grabbed the broom from a corner of the room. 
“Sebby, please make way.” 
“Okay.” 
Sebastian nodded and lifted his legs, his eyes still focusing on his tablet. 
Sasha still felt strange as she was sweeping the glass shards. As she went behind Sebastian, she took a side glance at his tablet.
“Is there something wrong?” 
She paused and came to his side. 
She was no ordinary woman. As a matter of fact, she was an expert in economy and finance. At first glance, she spotted massive irregularities on the contracts in Sebastian’s tablet. 
Oh my. Isn’t that the military trade? What’s wrong with it? What caused the numbers to be so much different? 
Sasha stopped cleaning the floor as she locked her eyes onto the tablet’s screen. 
“The equipment is not the same as expected. A huge gap occurred when they did the actual performance!” 
Sebastian did not hide it as he knew she had noticed the problem. 
How could such things occur with this kind of purchase? That was akin to looking for one’s own doom. It’s not any commercial business we’re talking about here. It’s the official military trade between two countries, and the other party is Moranta, the strongest country in this world. 
Sasha knew Sebastian had poured his blood and sweat into this deal. 
“Sebby, don’t worry. Why don’t we discuss with Devin first?” 
When Sasha noticed Sebastian’s expression turned extremely ugly, she immediately ran to take her phone and informed the other members of the Jadesons. 
Twenty minutes later, Devin rushed to their place. 
Jonathan, who was drinking outside, also came back with his men.
Sasha had gotten changed and printed out the contract by then. As soon as everyone arrived, she distributed those documents to them and saw herself out. 
It was inappropriate for her to participate in the discussion as it involved a national matter. 
She failed to sleep that entire night, waiting anxiously for their updates. 
As the dawn hit in, she finally heard footsteps coming from upstairs. She immediately jumped out from the couch and shifted her gaze toward the elevator. 
It was Devin who came out, but his expression was still solemn. 
“Sasha, didn’t you get any sleep?” 
“No, Devin. How was it? Did you guys find a solution to it? How are you going to handle it?” 
Sasha could not suppress her anxiousness. 
Devin was rendered speechless by her gesture. 
He did not plan to tell her. But after pondering for a while, he opened his mouth, as he thought Sasha was an expert in this aspect. 
“Yes, we’ve found a solution. Indeed, our technology is not good enough. We managed to deal with Moranta this time because we brought in the nuclear wave technology. Moranta is a developed country, and its equipment is all top-class. The only way we could do business with them was through improvising. That was Sebastian’s idea too.” 
“Yes. And?” Sasha showed no trace of shock. 
Devin was stunned momentarily. “Then, when we were manufacturing it, we made some modifications considering the damage the nuclear wave might bring to the human body. We tried to increase the power
without causing the side effects. The sampling equipment was fine, but we didn’t expect to run into trouble when we went to mass production.” 
In other words, they failed because their technology was immature. 
What are the consequences, then? Is he going to handle it personally? If they compensate for such a deal, it would be more than a hundred billion. And it would be in the other party’s currency. 
The colors drained from Sasha’s face as she thought about that. 
###Chapter 1506
Chapter 1506
Chapter 1506 Beauty Is An Asset 
As expected, Sebastian decided to take the matter into his hand. 
After Devin knew about it, he decided to keep the former’s company. Jonathan wanted to join them too, but he was too old. Besides, judging from the political status of the two countries, it had not reached a point where Jonathan needed to step out. 
Sasha pondered for the entire night and eventually requested to tag along. 
“Sebby, Devin only knows about military stuff. He won’t be able to help you in business. In case something goes wrong, you’ll find yourself short-handed. I’m the best assistant you need in this case,” she analyzed calmly. 
In fact, she got a point. 
Back in the Hayes Corporation, Sebastian would always bring an assistant along whenever there was a huge business deal. 
Luke used to be the one accompanying him back then, but now he had no one. 
Thus, Sasha, who also knew about business, would be the best candidate for that. 
Sebastian thought for a little while and agreed with it. 
“Okay. Please inform those at home and the bar. We need to find someone to take over your job if you’re not around, right?”
“Yes. Don’t worry. I’ll handle it.” 
Sasha was beyond delighted with Sebastian’s decision. 
The following day, the couple and Devin headed for Moranta. 
Sabrina had been resting at home during this period as she was pregnant. However, after she found out that Sasha had gone to Moranta, she went to the bar again. 
“Sabrina, why are you here? Aren’t you pregnant? You should be careful.” 
Those Jadesons at the bar were happy to see her but at the same time worried, seeing her huge belly. 
Sabrina waved her hand casually. “I’m fine. I won’t be doing much too. I’m just here to keep an eye on the place. Please get on with your works.” 
With that, she walked over to the bar table and sat there. 
After all, she was one of the bosses of this bar. With her around, everyone seemed to feel more relieved. 
Around six in the evening, which was the official working time for the bar, Tillie came. 
“Ms. Hayes? You’re here.” 
As soon as Tillie walked in, she spotted a woman with curly hair at the bar table. Even though the latter did not wear any makeup, she exuded a sense of lazy and seductive charisma. 
Tillie froze on the spot. 
Sabrina, looking through the ledger, turned around as she heard someone calling her name. 
“You are?”
“Sabrina, this is Tillie. She’s Edmund’s wife.” 
Walking past with a tray, Cameron immediately introduced Tillie as he noticed Sabrina did not know the latter. 
Edmund’s wife? 
As expected, Sabrina’s eyes lit up in response. 
Like Sasha, she had not met Tillie even since the wedding ceremony. Now that the chance had come, she observed the latter closely. 
“Excuse me. Do you not usually put on makeup at home?” 
“What?” 
Tillie immediately lifted her head, overwhelmed with nervousness. 
She was stunned to see Sabrina staring at her face. 
“Stephanie, please bring some cosmetics. Let me help Mrs. Cooper to put on some makeup.” 
Sabrina locked her eyes upon Tillie as she started to ponder how to make the latter look attractive. 
She did not have any bad intention. 
As it was a newly opened bar, it was customary to have some requirements for the staff in terms of their outfit and makeup. 
It was essential in order to leave good impressions for the customers. 
Sabrina looked at Tillie with a smile. “Don’t worry. I’ll turn you into a beauty.”
Upon hearing that, Tillie was rendered speechless as she clenched her fists tightly. 
Her face was flushed a crimson red. 
She knew since she was a kid that she was not pretty. 
Thus, she rarely stepped out of her home. She restrained herself from making too many friends as she was afraid to get hurt. As such, she became a person with extremely low self-esteem. 
Yet, Sabrina, who was a real beauty, pointed out her weakness right there and then. 
At that instant, Tillie felt like escaping from there. She wanted to run home and hide in there forever. 
Yet, a few seconds later, Stephanie showed up with many cosmetics in her hands. 
Sabrina forced Tillie to sit down and started making up her face skillfully. 
Around ten minutes later, all the Jadesons who gathered there witnessed a miraculous transformation. 
She’s so brilliant. How did she manage to turn an inconspicuous lady into such outstanding beauty? 
Everyone on the spot was left in awe. 
###Chapter 1507
Chapter 1507
Chapter 1507 Unreasonably Attractive 
Tillie did not dare to move, but she noticed everyone staring at her with totally different expressions compared to the day before. 
She knew there was a drastic change in her face. 
With that, she clenched her fists even tighter. 
“Do you like it? Isn’t that much prettier?” 
Seeing her not saying anything, Sabrina found a mirror for her to look at herself. 
Sabrina was always naive like this. She would not know if her behavior would offend people around her. 
Of course, if it were other people, they would not feel offended. Not to mention, almost the Jadesons that were present had experienced her service in makeup. 
None of them took it the wrong way. Instead, they were all delighted for being able to become prettier. 
However, Tillie felt differently. 
Throughout the night, as she was sitting at the cashier, she noticed many people staring at her as they walked by. Feeling uneasy, she even made a few mistakes while inserting the numbers. 
Indeed, beauty is an asset.
When Sabrina reached home, she received a text from Devin, who was in Moranta. Are you back? Why did you go to the bar again? Your condition is not stable now. Please don’t go walking about! 
The first thought that came across her was that someone from the bar had snitched on her. 
Sabrina: I’m fine. I didn’t do anything much. Sasha was not around, so I went and sat there in case anything happened. After all, we can’t count on Colton. 
She naturally shifted the blame on Colton. 
Devin did not know how to react as he saw her reply. 
There was nothing he could do except to remind her to be careful. 
Sabrina: I got it. By the way, Darling, I saw Edmund’s wife today. Now I know why he was unwilling to marry her. 
Devin: Why? 
Sabrina: Her look is below average. I’ve seen his women back in Yorksland. They all had big eyes and sexy bodies… 
Devin: Sabrina! 
Sabrina: Huh? 
She was stunned momentarily as Devin suddenly changed his tone. 
What’s with him? Did I say something wrong? 
Even till now, she did not realize it was inappropriate to discuss others’ looks without consent.
Devin: You shouldn’t comment on others’ looks like that. We can’t choose how we look, can we? Even if what you say might be true, people might get hurt if they hear it. 
Sabrina was rendered speechless by that. 
Did I say she looked ugly just now? That’s not what I meant, though. 
As a matter of fact, she did not mean to define Tillie as ugly. It was just that the latter made her remember what Edmund disagreed on. 
Plus, she had met those two women who used to fight over Devin. 
So, was I really wrong to do that? 
Sabrina: Fine. It’s my fault. I won’t say things like this anymore in the future. 
Devin: Okay, that’s my girl. Please rest earlier. And please don’t go to the bar if possible. Sasha had instructed Uncle Roderick to contact her should anything happen. Your priority now is your baby. 
Devin’s heart melted upon seeing Sabrina being so obedient. 
I know she didn’t have any bad intentions. She is just used to speaking her mind straight because that was how she grew up. After all, she is the daughter of the Hayes family, a famous family in Avenport. 
Sabrina had a good night sleep that day. 
The following day, she listened to Devin and did not go to the bar again. 
However, around the afternoon, someone came to Red Pavilion to look for her. 
“Hello, may I ask if Mrs. Jadeson is in?”
“Yes, she is.” 
The housemaid at Red Pavilion saw the woman and immediately invited her in. 
Sabrina, who was playing with her daughter, heard the noise and came out to check. 
“Mrs. Cooper? Why are you here?” She was left bewildered as she saw the young lady waiting outside for her. 
It turned out it was Edmund’s new wife, Tillie. 
Tillie immediately displayed a shy and nervous smile upon seeing Sabrina. 
“Well… I-I come here to learn makeup from you. I was at the bar, and I heard you won’t be there today. So I made my own decision to come to find you. You won’t be mad, will you?” 
“Of course not!” 
Sabrina agreed to it without hesitation. 
After getting advised by Devin the previous night, Sabrina had realized her mistake. Seeing that Tillie came to find her, she knew the former was not angry with her. 
With that, she was grateful. 
Without delay, she took out all her cosmetics. 
She also grabbed some new expensive skincare products, intending to give them to Tillie. 
###Chapter 1508
Chapter 1508
Chapter 1508 Tried To Be Like Her 
Half an hour later, Sabrina turned Tillie into a beauty once again. 
“Look, you’re so pretty. Your face shape is unique. You need to put on suitable makeup, and you’ll become gorgeous. Just follow the way I did today in the future.” 
Sabrina deliberately brought a mirror in front of Tillie. 
She did not praise Tillie out of courtesy, but she meant every word of her compliment. 
Tillie looked into the mirror for a while. Right then, her gaze shifted away from the mirror. 
“Ms. Sabrina, is that you in the picture over there?” 
“Which one?” 
Sabrina turned toward the direction Tillie was pointing. 
“The one on the display stand. It looks like a magazine cover. Ms. Sabrina, is that you? You look like a celebrity.” 
Tillie’s eyes were filled with amazement and envy. 
Sabrina’s face blushed red instantly. 
“That’s a fake. I took it for fun a long time ago. I used strange styles back then as I liked to dress differently from normal people. I’ve thrown lots of these kinds of pictures. Sebastian was the one who
insisted on keeping this,” Sabrina explained. 
She was somehow embarrassed, recalling how high profile she used to be. 
However, as she mentioned Devin being the one who kept her stuff, she uncontrollably displayed a contented smile. 
Tillie was rendered speechless. 
That’s not strange at all. That’s the favorite type for most men, I suppose. 
The gothic makeup made one look like a fairy. It emphasized distinctive color and promoted high-profile wanton. A woman who had a perfect feature and great wealth like Sabrina had all the advantages to own such a style. 
Indeed, many men would fall for a woman like her. I heard that besides the two men in love with her currently, there was even another man who had died for her. 
“Ms. Sabrina, can I try that makeup?” 
“Huh?” 
Sabrina, who was already tidying up, was stunned momentarily. 
The gothic makeup? She goes to the bar for work, not for fun. That seems inappropriate. Plus, I doubt if her facial features suit this style. 
With that, Sabrina rejected her. “You don’t need such a style. Your current makeup suits your face perfectly. All right. Please go to work now. The customers will be there soon.” 
She handed the skincare products to Tillie and escorted her out without delay.
Sabrina treated Tillie like family. That was why she acted so casually toward the latter. 
However, little did Sabrina know that after Tillie got into her car, the latter did not leave at once. 
The latter grabbed the steering wheel forcefully as her gaze stared at Red Pavilion for a long time. 
Right then, Sabrina appeared on the second floor together with Jaena. They were sitting relaxingly in the room, reading a storybook. 
Tillie lifted her head and stared at them, her face devoided of expression. She grabbed the skincare products that Sabrina gave her and threw them aside a moment later. 
I don’t understand. She’s a woman who has given birth to a child. How could she still be so attractive in other men’s eyes? 
A moment later, Tillie drove off abruptly. 
That night, after she got off work and returned to the Cooper residence, Edmund still did not come back. 
As usual, the ones who were in the house were her mother-in-law and two sisters-in-law, whose hobby was to give her a hard time. 
“Oh? So you’re finally back!” 
The moment Tillie stepped inside the house, Violet uttered with sarcasm. She was the one who got pregnant and requested the Coopers for a large sum of dowry. 
It had been a few months since Tillie married into this family. 
She had been tolerating with such family members endlessly, regardless of how tired she was. 
“Yes, I’m back, Violet.”
“What are you waiting for then? Go and make supper for Mom. It’s already so late. She’s about to go to bed.” 
Here comes the ridiculous request again. 
Upon hearing that, Tillie grabbed her handbag tightly, trying to suppress her emotion. 
Supper! What nonsense is this? Why does this bunch of useless people need to eat supper? Obviously, she’s the one who wants to eat it! 
Tillie truly wanted to ignore her. 
But as she thought about Edmund, she went to her room and got changed. Then, she headed toward the kitchen. 
“Tillie, I didn’t notice when you came in just now. Did you put on makeup today? It looks good. Alice, what do you think?” 
###Chapter 1509
Chapter 1509
Chapter 1509 Destined To Be 
Violet observed Tillie closely while casting a question toward Alice. 
Alice, who was watching drama, cast a glance at Tillie. 
“Well. That’s the best she could do, I guess.” 
The color drained from Tillie’s face as she heard those insulting words. 
At that instance, she really felt like disappearing from that house. 
After making supper, Tillie went back to her room and sat decadently in front of the dressing table. She stared into the mirror for a long while. Then, she stood up and walked toward her wardrobe, taking out some clothes. 
The last thing she wanted was to become crazy in such a place. 
Right then, a car drove into the compound of the house. 
Beep! 
“Who’s that? It’s Edmund! Mom, hurry up and finish up your food! Let’s go back to our room!” 
Those women downstairs panicked upon hearing the sound of the car outside. 
Tillie was stunned momentarily.
Is he really back? 
At that moment, she felt like her heart started beating once again. All the sorrow and hatred within her heart vanished instantly. Without hesitation, she put her clothes back into her wardrobe and ran out of her room. 
“E-Edmund, are you back?” 
Standing on the stairs, she spotted a familiar face in the living room. Beyond delighted, she wanted to run toward him and hug him tightly. 
Nonetheless, she called his name gently and walked down the stairs cautiously. 
No one knew she was actually in love with him since a long time ago. 
Back then, Benedict brought Edmund to attend a private party at the White family’s place. He was only fourteen years old at the time. As he was an illegitimate child, many would point fingers at him while Benedict was not around. 
Yet, he did not seem to be bothered at all. 
His young and smooth face displayed an unyielding and arrogant expression, as though he was not intimidated by anyone in this world. 
Since then, Tillie had a profound impression of him. 
After all, she had always received criticisms from others because she did not have a pretty face nor a powerful background. 
Unlike him, she did not have the courage nor the will. 
Just then, Tillie approached Edmund hesitantly.
But as soon as he saw Tillie, his previous calm face displayed a sense of disgust. He did not even try to disguise his feelings. 
“Why haven’t you gone to bed?” 
“Oh… I’ve just come back too.” 
Tillie’s heart twitched in pain when she saw the cold reaction from Edmund. 
“Goodnight then.” 
Edmund spat out his last sentence and went upstairs alone. 
Tillie froze on the spot. 
A moment later, Edmund took his stuff and came down from upstairs again. As he walked past Tillie in a hurry, Tillie asked abruptly, “Are you still going out?” 
There was no response from him. 
He treated her like a total stranger. 
Ever since they got married, he had not been to her room for once. They barely even spoke to each other. 
Tillie went back to her room with a heavy heart. 
Her steps were so burdened that she felt like she took forever to walk up the stairs. 
It was a sleepless night for Tillie. 
As usual, the following day, she was woken up and urged to prepare breakfast.
She did not resist as she got changed and went right downstairs. 
“Wait. Tillie, did he stay out again last night?” 
Violet had already woken up and was putting on makeup in the living room. 
Tillie’s face turned awfully pale upon hearing that. 
“He is probably busy…” 
“That’s unlikely. No matter how much he disliked this house, he used to come back every day. Ever since he married you, he has never spent a night here. Tillie, you should reflect upon yourself. What exactly went wrong between you two?” 
Violet touched on the thing that hurt Tillie the most. 
Reflect? What else could be the reason? Obviously, it’s because I’m not pretty enough for him. 
Tillie went into the kitchen and opened the fridge. She took some bread and put them into the toaster. 
While she was putting butter on the bread, something came to her mind. 
Without hesitation, she grabbed a butter that had expired and put it on a slide of bread. 
Half an hour after Violet ate the bread, she felt sick in her stomach and rushed for the restroom. 
Gabriella asked concernedly, “What’s wrong? Why do you have stomachache all of a sudden?” 
Alice could not wrap her head around it either. “I have no idea. She was fine just now. It couldn’t be the breakfast, could it? We’ve just eaten too, but we’re fine.” 
###Chapter 1510
Chapter 1510
Chapter 1510 You Have No Right 
Tillie Zander was sitting a distance away, taking her time with her food. 
Once she was done with her food, she picked up her basket and went shopping in the supermarket. 
Tillie was a daughter of the Zander family. These things were something she had never done in the past. However, after coming here, she started doing everything herself. In the beginning, her fingers would be covered with injuries by the end of each day. 
However, by now, she was used to doing such things. 
Tillie then bought some fresh vegetables from the supermarket. 
Yet, that afternoon, Violet’s diarrhea worsened after her meal. Furthermore, her menstruation abruptly started. It was a lot for a woman who just had a miscarriage to suddenly start having her period. 
Gabriella panicked. She and her second daughter, Alice Cooper, then quickly sent her to the hospital. 
Tillie ignored them. When afternoon came, Tillie went to the bar to work as usual. 
“Huh? You’re here? I thought your sister-in-law had been hospitalized? I didn’t think you would come.” 
Sabrina was there as well, for she had heard about what happened in the Cooper family. 
Therefore, she was surprised to see Tillie in the bar.
Tillie replied, “She’ll be fine. It’s only a stomachache. I don’t know what she ate; she keeps eating the random food she buys from the internet. My mother-in-law tried to stop her, but she refused to listen to her.” 
“Is that so? Let her be then.” 
It was not as if Sabrina had a fantastic impression of Violet anyway. 
Thus, she stopped asking more questions and returned to her work in the bar. 
When it was almost time to close up in the night, Tillie twisted her ankle when she was about to bring the ledger to Sabrina. 
“Ah!” 
“What happened? What’s wrong? Are you okay?” 
Fortunately, Cameron Jadeson was there, and he caught her before she could fall. 
When Sabrina heard the noises, she hurried over. 
Tillie muttered, “I-I’m fine. I just twisted my ankle.” 
“How can you possibly be fine? We have to send you to the hospital as soon as possible, or else you won’t be able to walk tomorrow,” Sabrina hastily said. “I’ll call Edmund and have him pick you up.” 
Then, Sabrina called Edmund without waiting for Tillie’s reply. 
“Hello?” 
Unsurprisingly, Edmund picked up the call in mere seconds. When the man’s familiar voice traveled out of the speakers, Tillie bit down on her lower lip so hard she almost drew blood.
“Edmund, what are you doing? Are you free to make a trip to the bar now?” 
“Sure,” came his quick reply. 
Sabrina then ended the call. Just as she was about to convey the message to Tillie, she noticed the latter’s stare. 
That stare made the hairs on the back of Sabrina’s neck stand instantly. 
“What are you—” 
“Did he say yes?” 
Almost immediately, that frightening glare turned into a nervous look. In fact, tears were even starting to brim in her eyes. 
Sabrina was speechless for a moment. 
Is she too anxious to know whether or not Edmund is going to come? Is that why she had that look on her face? 
Nevertheless, Sabrina did not dwell on it for long. 
Over twenty minutes later, Edmund rushed into the bar. 
“Sabrina, why were you looking for me? Where are you?” he cried out. 
The unrestrained, almost-nervous voice was a stark contrast against the demeanor he had in the Cooper family. 
When Sabrina heard him, she walked out of the room.
“I’m here. Why did you need to shout?” 
“Huh? You can still walk? I thought…” 
His eyes then drifted toward her stomach. Anyone could have seen the overflowing concern in his eyes. 
It was then the last bit of hope in Tillie’s eyes died away. 
She clenched her fists as her face turned as white as a sheet. 
In the end, with Sabrina’s insistence, Edmund brought Tillie home. After helping her into the car, Edmund went to sit on the driver’s seat. 
“Why are you here?” 
The moment no one was around, his tone returned to its usual cold state. 
Tillie paled even further. 
“I-I heard that Mrs. Hayes left Jadeborough and that Mrs. Jadeson had become pregnant, so I wanted to come here to help out with things. D-Don’t the Coopers have shares in this bar?” she stammered out after mustering the courage to speak. 
However, right as those words were out of her mouth, a furious look appeared on the man’s face. 
“What does that have to do with you? Tillie, I hope you remember that you’re not allowed to intervene in my matters without my permission in the future. I don’t want you to get involved in my matters either. Do you hear me?” 
The tone he had when he said that was a terrifying one to Tillie. 
Almost instantly, Tillie shuddered as her eyes reddened.
###Chapter 1511
Chapter 1511
Chapter 1511 A One Year Marriage Contract 
In the end, Tillie never managed to say anything. 
The love she had for him was a secretive, fearful one. She already had a lower status than him, and she was definitely not thinking of only helping out at the bar. 
She was there because she had heard him cry out the name Sabrina upstairs on the day of her marriage. 
Tillie went back to the Cooper family. 
She did not return to the bar after that. The reason she gave to the others about her absence was how inconvenient it would be for her to go there with a twisted ankle. 
Although she was not at the bar, the members of the family were quick to assign her to various tasks. While the condition of her twisted ankle was not too serious, ever since Violet came back from the hospital, she began ordering her around again. 
“Tillie, get me chicken soup from the supermarket. Oh, get some supplements too. Buy more of them.” 
Violet was not at all holding herself back from ordering Tillie around. 
Of course, Tillie ignored her. 
However, her mother-in-law soon began siding with Violet.
“Yes, Tillie, hurry on. Your sister-in-law has been in the hospital for too many days. She needs to be healthy soon. Hurry on and get the chicken soup and the supplements for her.” 
Tillie was exasperated, yet she had no choice but to head out. 
Tillie was on her way back from the supermarket after buying what Violet wanted when she encountered someone from her family. 
That woman was her aunt. When her aunt saw how haggard Tillie looked, her heart broke, and she hastily asked, “Oh my god, Tillie, what’s the matter with you? Why do you look so pale? Are you all right?” 
Hearing that, the feelings she had been bottling up over the months finally spilled over the brim, and tears sprang to Tillie’s eyes. 
“Aunt—” Before she was even done calling for her aunt, she had launched herself into her arms. 
Her aunt was dumbfounded. 
The Zander family was somewhat related to Silas Zander. 
Thus, when Tillie’s aunt heard the wails of her niece, she instantly figured out what had happened. Then, she began demanding Tillie to lead her back home to settle the score with the Coopers. 
“Let’s go. Let’s go back to the Coopers. I want to see for myself what right they have to be so mean to my niece!” 
Tillie’s aunt was a woman of a fiery temper, so she immediately wanted to head back to the Coopers to hold them accountable for Tillie’s miserable state. 
However, Tillie stopped her in time.
She did not want things to turn ugly, for she was sure that Edmund would be mad if they were to have a falling out. 
Thus, she convinced her aunt to go back home. 
Nevertheless, what she did not expect was to hear Violet’s curses and insults about how late she was upon going home. 
“Tillie, you’re doing this on purpose, aren’t you? Do you have any idea what time it is already? Are you trying to starve me to death?” Violet shrieked as she threw a cup at Tillie. 
Thump! 
A bruise instantly formed on Tillie’s wrist. 
When the pain shot up her arm, Tillie’s eyes widened before they darkened. It was then a downright murderous look crept into her eyes. 
Yet, at that moment, Edmund came home. 
When he registered what was going on, he bellowed, “Do you have a death wish? Do you want me to blow your brains out right now?” 
Just two sentences from Edmund made Violet shudder violently before stilling herself obediently. 
Tillie’s eyes then flicked toward the man. 
The murderous look, by then, had faded away and was replaced by joy and hope. 
It did not matter even if that man never once glanced at her after his initial assessment of the scene.
Due to Edmund’s abrupt appearance, Violet temporarily ceased in her domineering ways. As it turned out, Gabriella seemed afraid of her stepson as well. As long as he was at home, she did not dare to order Tillie around. 
For once, Tillie had a few peaceful days. 
Nevertheless, what Tillie did not know was that these were the works of his older sister, Riley, who was living in Yorksland. She was the one who had convinced Edmund to stay in the same house as Tillie. 
“Ed, I think you should stay at the Coopers as often as possible. Although you don’t want to sleep in her room nor get physically close to her, you have to remember that we’re using her right now. We can’t be too mean to her. I heard that Violet and Mom have been putting her in a tight spot quite often. At the very least, you should let her have a peaceful year with our family.” That was what Riley had told Edmund. 
That day, when Tillie was bringing supper to Edmund, she heard his call with Riley. 
After hearing their conversation, her mind went blank. 
Tillie knew that he had a motive for marrying her. She knew it because she had kept telling her family that she wanted to marry into the Cooper family, but nothing had happened until that sudden one day. 
She had known it back then, so she was not angry about being used. 
But why a year? Is he going to get a divorce with me in a year? 
Tillie did not know how she managed to get back to her room. She only knew that when she woke again, blood was everywhere on her table, and a razor blade was in her hand. 
Then, she saw cuts all over her other arm. 
Why? Edmund, are we not people of the same world? I’m not pretty, so the entire Jadeborough laughs at me for that. You’re an illegitimate child, and everyone looks down on you. Are we not people of the same
world? Can’t we stick together? 
###Chapter 1512
Chapter 1512
Chapter 1512 She Is At Red Pavilion 
Is it because you only have Sabrina in your heart? 
Tillie stared at the pool of blood as a cold look crawled into her eyes. A chill spread out from her heart as a terrifying expression appeared on her face. 
The following day, the Zanders called Edmund early in the morning to tell him that something had happened at work, so he was out of the house in minutes. 
Tillie saw it, and soon, she was getting ready to leave the house as well. 
“Where are you going?” 
The moment Edmund was gone, the three Cooper women were back out again. 
This time, Tillie ignored them. She had put on a fashionable dress, as well as makeup that Sabrina had taught her to do. In other words, Tillie looked stunning. 
“I’m going out to shop.” 
“To shop? Tillie, are you telling me you have time to shop? Do you really think you’re that free? Look at the clock and see how much time you’ve wasted!” Violet screamed out when she heard Tillie’s response. 
Behind her, both Gabriella and Alice were equally displeased with Tillie. 
Tillie, who had already walked to the doorway, lowered the pretty umbrella in her hands and halted in her tracks.
“I’ve already hired a housemaid for you. She’s now shopping for groceries in the supermarket. Don’t worry, Ms. Violet. Everything she buys will be good for your health. Just wait for her to come back.” 
With that said, she opened up her umbrella and danced away. 
Half an hour later, Tillie arrived at Red Pavilion. 
“Who did you say came?” 
Sabrina, whose stomach was visibly larger by now, was figuring out how she should send the little imp to preschool at home when she heard about Tillie’s arrival. Immediately, a look of confusion flashed past her face. 
Why is Edmund’s wife coming to me? She’s not even working at the bar anymore. 
Minutes later, Sabrina stepped out of the house. 
“Ms. Sabrina,” Tillie, who had been waiting outside for a while, shyly greeted when she saw her. 
“Oh, it really is you. Come in and have a seat.” Sabrina enthusiastically invited her, nevertheless. 
As there were not many housemaids in Red Pavilion, Sabrina made a cup of coffee for her guest before serving her some nuts. 
“Mrs. Cooper, here, a cup of coffee for you.” 
“Thank you,” Tillie politely answered. 
Sabrina then sat down and asked, “Mrs. Cooper, is there anything I can help you with?” 
Tillie then furrowed her brows a little before saying, “I just… wanted to ask you what Edmund usually likes. I know that he used to be good friends with Mr. Jadeson, b-but Mr. Jadeson’s a man. I-I’m too
embarrassed to ask him, so I’ve come to you instead.” 
She stammered out her words, seemingly eager to find out more about her husband, and yet, was too shy. 
Sabrina chuckled. 
She knew that feeling well. 
Thus, she began telling Tillie about Edmund, hoping that the two of them would be able to get closer to each other. 
“Did you say that he likes to cook?” 
“Yes, he loves to. Although he often makes a mess, for some weird reason, he keeps doing it. You might want to try cooking with him,” Sabrina said as she thought about the time they were locked up and the time they were at Aquene Temple. 
Just as those words left her mouth, Tillie fell silent. 
It seemed like she was mulling over her words and contemplating what to do next. 
When Sabrina saw that, she smiled and decided to give her some space. Hence, she went to the garden outside to check on her kid. 
By the time she brought Jaena back into the living room, the place was empty. 
“Ms. Sabrina, Mrs. Cooper has left. She said thank you, and she left with a smile,” the housemaid quickly said when she saw Sabrina coming back inside. 
It looks like my words helped her.
Sabrina was in a good mood upon hearing that. After finishing the bowl of dessert on the table, she brought her child back out to play. 
At night, Sabrina went to Oceanic Estate, a place where she brought her child to ever since Sebastian and Sasha stopped staying at the house. 
One reason was that she could keep Jonathan company. 
Secondly, Matteo’s holiday had started. As his aunt, and since Jonathan was the only one at home, she had to go over to take care of him. 
“Aunt Sabrina, when will Mommy and Daddy come back?” 
“In another two days, maybe.” 
Years had gone by in a blink of an eye. The boy was already almost thirteen. Soon, he would be entering middle school. When Matteo saw his aunt, he began asking about his parents’ whereabouts. 
Still holding hands with her child, Sabrina consoled, “Soon. They’ve been there for quite a while. I’m sure they’ll be coming back soon.” 
Matteo muttered, “All right.” 
He could only hang his head despondently before turning to leave, thinking of running another two rounds in the garden. 
However, Jaena spotted him, and she quickly pulled herself away from her mother and ran after him. “Matt, I want to come with you!” 
Sabrina immediately shouted, “Jaena Jadeson, come back—”
It was too dark outside, so she did not want her cheeky child to run everywhere. However, right as she tugged her child’s sleeve, a sudden pang of pain hit her stomach and cut her shout off. 
“Aunt Sabrina, are you okay?” Matteo quickly asked when he noticed his aunt’s rapidly paling face. 
###Chapter 1513
Chapter 1513
Chapter 1513 Something Happened To Sabrina 
Even Jaena froze instantly. 
“Mommy…” 
“I’m fine,” Sabrina said when she finally recomposed herself. She then quickly consoled the two children, reassuring them that she was fine. 
It was then Matteo left for his jog. 
On the other hand, Jaena quieted down and stayed by her mother’s side all night. Even when the urge to play came over her, she stayed in the living room and played. 
After dinner, the mother and daughter returned to Red Pavilion. 
“Mommy, does your tummy hurt a lot?” 
Although Jaena was a cheeky girl, she was concerned about her mother’s state after that earlier incident. 
Thus, when she saw her mother tiredly sitting down on the couch after returning home, she crawled over and gently placed her hand on her stomach. At the same time, she thought, Mommy’s tummy has my little brother in it. 
Indeed, Sabrina was feeling unwell. 
However, she pretended not to be so that her daughter would not be too worried.
“It’s fine. Mommy’s all right now. Be a good girl, Jaena, and let the housemaid shower you, okay?” 
“Okay!” Jaena quickly replied. 
After a while longer of sitting, Sabrina finally dragged herself back to her room and to her bed. 
In minutes, she was asleep. 
Anxious shouts and a child’s wailing were what brought Sabrina back to the waking world. 
“Ms. Sabrina? Ms. Sabrina?” 
“Mommy! Mommy! Daddy, Mommy’s not moving! Mommy’s not moving!” The girl was bawling so hard she could barely catch her breath at that point. 
Sabrina was dumbstruck, and she slowly opened her eyes. 
A while later, she finally saw what was going on. 
She was still on her bed in the room, but her daughter was sobbing as she sprawled on her bed. At the same time, the housemaid was fearfully looking below her and calling the ambulance. 
The ambulance? 
Finally, realization struck Sabrina, and she sobered up. 
It was then a familiar voice of a man traveled out of the phone’s speaker. “Jaena, where’s Mommy? Is Mommy awake yet? Quick, tell Daddy how she is!” 
Jaena blinked at her mother, but tears were still free-falling from her eyes. 
Sabrina stared back at her.
A moment later, Sabrina finally grabbed the phone from the sobbing child. 
“I-I’m fine.” 
“Sabrina?” 
Finally hearing her voice, the frantic man on the other end of the line calmed down a little. 
Lying on the bed, Sabrina looked up at the ceiling as she continued to weakly say, “Yes, it’s me. You don’t need to worry. D-Don’t worry.” 
Devin shouted, “How are you fine? You’re bleeding! Where did you go? How did things end up like this? Don’t you know that you’re pregnant?” 
“All right, stop yelling at her about this. You should be asking her whether or not the doctor has arrived,” came another man’s voice, reminding the first to not berate her at a time like this. 
Sabrina pursed her lips and thought, Where did I go? I didn’t go anywhere but Oceanic Estate. I didn’t even do anything. 
Nevertheless, she could not think much, for the world was spinning like a carousel around her. After Grayson brought the gynecologist over to put her on an IV drip, and after the nurse cleaned her up, she fell back asleep. 
Then, Grayson asked, “Doctor, isn’t her baby supposed to be in a stable condition? It’s been three months. Why is this still happening to her?” 
The doctor replied with a look of bafflement, “I find it strange too. She was completely fine when she came for her checkup two days ago, and the baby is developing well too. I’m rather confused by the sudden condition as well.”
In the meantime, Sasha, who was on a video call with them, leaned closer to the camera and said, “Could it be that she’s feeling jealous? Dr. Wallen, why don’t you try checking her pulse?” 
“Huh?” Grayson blurted out, stumped. 
He was not as well versed in TCM, after all. 
Nevertheless, Sasha said, “It’s all right, Dr. Wallen. Just take her pulse and tell me what you feel. I’ll do the diagnosis.” 
At that, Grayson fell silent. 
A few beats later, he quietly put his fingers on the woman’s wrist. 
“Her pulse is a little weak and hard to find.” 
“What?” 
Sasha’s face turned ashen when she heard that. 
Hard to find? That’s nothing good. An ordinary person’s pulse should be strong and rhythmic. For a pregnant woman like to have a hard-to-find pulse… 
Sasha’s expression gradually turned solemn, and Devin asked, “What’s the matter, Sasha? Is this something serious?” 
Sasha replied after a moment of contemplation, “Obviously. It’s best for Dr. Wallen to bring her to the hospital for a thorough checkup. She should do some blood tests too. Sab’s not a meticulous person; she might have missed out some signs.” 
Of course, Sasha kept the details to herself.
They were all away from Jadeborough, so she did not want to instill panic in any of them. 
On the same night, they brought Sabrina to the hospital. On the other side, after Jonathan found out about the incident, he sent his trusted men to pick up Jaena and send her to Oceanic Estate. 
After that, he sped to the hospital too. 
###Chapter 1514
Chapter 1514
Chapter 1514 Are You Okay 
After a checkup in the hospital, they found out that Sabrina had a higher white blood cell count than others. 
In most cases, that would be a sign of bacterial infection. However, Sabrina did not have a fever, nor was she hurt anywhere. Thus, bacterial infection was not the right diagnosis. 
If that’s not the case, then what could it be? 
After Sasha, who was in Moranta, read the blood test report, she asked the housemaid in Red Pavilion to tell her what Sabrina had eaten and what she had used in detail. 
However, nothing the housemaid told her warranted any suspicion, except for the bowl of the dessert she had in the afternoon. 
“A dessert made of jujubes and snow fungi?” Devin immediately turned to Sasha. “Sasha, is there anything wrong with that?” 
Sasha furrowed her brows. 
Jujubes and snow fungi were good for a pregnant woman, but the main thing was whether other ingredients had been added into the dessert or not. 
Thus, Sasha asked the housemaid to bring the leftover dessert over.
“Mrs. Jadeson, I really didn’t put anything else in there. I just put jujubes and snow fungi, as well as some longans. These are all good for pregnant women, and it’s the same thing I made for Ms. Jasmine back when I was taking care of her.” 
The housemaid who had served the dessert was an old housemaid. 
When she heard that her dessert was being suspected by the others, she hastily explained herself and even mentioned her experience in taking care of Devin’s late mother. 
However, Sasha ignored her. She waited for her to bring her the bowl of dessert before asking her to pour it out in front of the camera and slowly stir its contents. 
“Isn’t that almond?” 
“Huh?” 
The housemaid froze before her eyes drifted toward the small almonds in the dessert. 
Then, a look of confusion crept upon her face. 
Devin was equally confused. 
Only Sebastian, who had been living with Sasha for a long time, understood what she meant. He stood up from his chair and walked over to the computer. 
“Is there something wrong with almonds?” 
“Yes, almonds are meant to improve blood circulation. Pregnant women tend to have bleeding when they eat these. Sab’s pregnancy is already an unstable one, and it’s only worsened by eating this.” 
When she neared the end of her explanation, Sasha’s voice was already as cold as an iceberg.
When the old housemaid heard that, she panicked. “Mrs. Jadeson, I really didn’t put this in. Trust me! I’ve been working here for so many years. How could I hurt the child of the man I took care of since young?” 
The old housemaid was bawling by then, seemingly about to go down on her knees at any moment. 
Both Sasha and Devin were quiet. 
A while later, Devin forced out, “Then why are there almonds in the dessert? Did you hand this dessert to someone else?” 
He was still trying to trust her. After all, she had been working in his family for years. 
As she wiped her tears, she muttered, “No, I did this all by myself. Ms. Sabrina said that she wanted some dessert yesterday, so I scoured through the cabinets and found jujubes, snow fungi, and fruits for the dessert.” 
“Did you not bother checking them through? Are these all that was inside?” 
“I—” 
The housemaid’s mind went blank in her panic. 
She was starting to wonder if she added something else when she made the dessert; she was starting to doubt that she had only put in jujubes, snow fungi, and fruits. 
Right then, a thought entered Sasha’s mind, and she asked, “Did you really put in the almonds I gave for Jaena’s cough medicine last time? 
The housemaid fell silent. 
So did Devin and Sebastian.
At that moment, they were all too furious and shocked to say anything. 
The housemaid was old, and if those almonds were still in the cabinet, the housemaid might have really accidentally put them in. 
Fortunately, thanks to the efforts of the gynecologist, Sabrina managed to keep her child. After finding out about the incident, Jonathan immediately assigned a few young housemaids to Red Pavilion. 
Of course, he even assigned Colton’s wife to Red Pavilion to personally take care of Sabrina. 
Only then did Devin, who was still at Moranta, sigh in relief. 
He was genuinely afraid. His wife was dense, and if the people around her were as unmeticulous as her while he was not around, the anxiety he would feel every day would send him to his early grave. 
It looks like I have to go back as soon as possible. 
Meanwhile, Sabrina stayed in the hospital. 
Colton’s wife, Sigrith Halford, was actually working at the bar too. After receiving Jonathan’s order, she went to the hospital. 
However, just as she was about to leave her workplace, she spotted someone familiar at the bar. 
“Mrs. Cooper? Why are you here? Are you here to work?” she asked, surprised and thinking that Tillie was back to work after her recovery. 
However, Tillie shook her head. 
“That’s not it. Sigrith, I heard that something happened to Mrs. Jadeson, and I was thinking of visiting her in the hospital. Are you going there too? Can I go with you?” Tillie nervously asked.
When Sigrith saw the gift basket in her hands, she thought, Oh, she’s here to visit her too. 
###Chapter 1515
Chapter 1515
Chapter 1515 Not Wanting To Lurk In The Shadows 
Colton’s wife did not dwell too much on it. When she heard that Tillie wanted to visit her niece-in-law, she happily agreed to it. 
The two then headed to the hospital. 
“Sigrith, you’re here. I’m sorry to trouble you this time,” Sabrina said when she saw Sigrith, feeling embarrassed. 
Sabrina was still ordered by the doctor to have more bed rest, so she could only turn her head and greet her apologetically. 
Sigrith smiled. “What’s there to feel sorry about. We’re a family, so there’s no need to be so polite with me. I’ll get you a glass of water. Mrs. Cooper, come in. Come and keep Sabrina company.” 
With that said, Sigrith hurried away to get Sabrina a glass of water. 
Colton and his family had lived at The Ataraxy since a long time ago. They were an honest family. Back then, Charles, Connor, Candice, and even Jared all thought of Sebastian as a threat to them. Thus, they tried again and again to kill him. However, Colton’s family did not participate in it. They were either hiding away or telling the others that they were too cowardly to do anything. Nevertheless, they ended up being the only survivors at The Ataraxy. 
Furthermore, the people at Oceanic Estate were nice to them now, and they knew not to be ungrateful individuals.
After Sigrith went out, Sabrina turned to look at Tillie, who was awkwardly standing in the middle of the room. She then greeted, “Mrs. Cooper, you’re kind to come and visit me.” 
At that, Tillie blushed before stepping closer to Sabrina. 
“As I should. Ms. Sabrina, are you okay now? Why did you have signs of miscarriage all of a sudden? You were still fine when I came to see you yesterday,” Tillie said in concern. 
Her eyes then trailed toward Sabrina’s stomach. 
A helpless smile appeared on Sabrina’s face. “The housemaid made a mistake when she was making my dessert.” 
“Huh?” 
Tillie’s eyes widened in surprise. 
“Is that so? What happened? How did you all find out about it? That’s so dangerous!” she blurted out. Her questions were like bullets from a machine gun. 
Sabrina’s brows drew together. 
She found it odd that Tillie was asking so many questions despite the two of them not being that close. 
Still, she truthfully replied, “Almonds. My sister-in-law noticed it. She’s a really impressive TCM doctor, so it’s fine. It’s just that the housemaid who’s taking care of me is a little old and forgetful, so she threw in the almonds my sister-in-law gave to Jaena for her cough into the dessert. My aunt is coming over to take care of me now, so don’t worry.” 
At the end of her words, she was even reassuring Tillie again. 
It was then Tillie sighed in relief as the heart in her throat returned to its original position.
What no one noticed was that her knuckles had turned white from clenching her fists and that her palms were clammy with sweat. 
Half an hour later, Tillie came back out of the ward. 
Then, she ran all the way back to her car. Once she was in her car, she spent a long time gripping the steering wheel and trembling. 
It was a fear never before that made her shake like a leaf. 
It was panic, too. 
She never thought that there would be someone so impressive in the Jadeson family. 
After that, Tillie drove back to the Coopers’ place distractedly. 
The moment she reached home, Violet hissed out, “You’re finally back? What’s going on with your housemaid? I told her I wanted to eat abalone, but why is she telling me that we need your approval? When have you become the one in charge of the Cooper family?” 
Once again, those were the voices that greeted her when she went home. 
Tillie stopped in her tracks and stared at Violet for a moment. The look in her eyes made her seem like a devil who had just crawled out of hell, and it sent chills down Violet’s spine. 
“Are you going to be the one to give her money?” 
“I…” Violet trailed off, at a loss for words. 
It was then Tillie averted her cold gaze from her and looked at a distance away instead. The patience in her slowly dissipated, and all that was left was a hair-raising feeling to her whenever anyone looked at
her. 
“So, if you want to eat that, you better shut your mouth. Otherwise, if I’m no longer in Cooper residence, you’re all going to eat dust until Edmund comes and saves you.” 
The entire living room was silent. 
Violet, as well as Gabriella and Alice, who had come out of their rooms when they heard their conversation, was furious after hearing Tillie’s words. 
However, for some reason that they could not quite understand, no curses could leave their mouths as they looked at Tillie. Chills just kept running down their spines. 
Is this ugly girl possessed or something? 
Tillie then went upstairs. 
Around midnight, Edmund came home. 
Tillie stayed in her room as she listened to the shuffling sounds he made downstairs. An urge had formed in her mind, tempting her to rush downstairs to ask the man if they were really going to divorce in a year. 
Ultimately, she stopped herself from doing so. 
Not long after, Gabriella seemed to have started talking to Edmund. 
“Edmund, what’s going on with your wife? The housemaid is listening to her now! Without her permission, they’re not even allowed to buy things for us to eat. What is this? Why is she acting like she’s the head of the household now?” 
###Chapter 1516
Chapter 1516
Chapter 1516 Just A Deal 
Yet, to Gabriella’s surprise, Edmund responded, “Is there a problem? You’re all relying on the Zander family’s money, so what’s wrong with her being the head of the household? It’s already good that she’s letting you enjoy your stay here.” 
When the woman who was sitting numbly by the window heard that, her dull eyes lit up, and she straightened her back. 
He’s not holding me accountable for that? In fact, he agrees that they’re the leech? 
Meanwhile, Gabriella was livid after hearing Edmund’s response. 
“We’re the one living off the Zander family’s money? Are you not working? Edmund, are you even a man? You’re one of the Coopers, so how can you shamelessly say such things?” 
“Why should I be ashamed? I married her because of the Coopers, didn’t I?” he nonchalantly stated. 
Immediately, Gabriella’s face turned red, utterly furious. At the same time, Tillie stiffened when she heard that. 
She had mixed feelings as she stared at the man downstairs. 
It’s not like he’s doing any better. For the Cooper family, he has come to the Zander family to propose to me even though he doesn’t like me; even though he has someone he loves, he still has to marry someone he doesn’t at all. That’s tough, isn’t it? That’s why there’s nothing wrong with what he says now.
Eventually, Gabriella slinked away, but Tillie continued to quietly stand there and watch the man walk up the stairs. 
It seemed like he did not expect her to stand there as he froze when their eyes met. This is the first time he properly looked at me, Tillie thought to herself. 
Nevertheless, their locked gaze only lasted a few seconds. The surprise in his eyes died away, and he turned to head toward his bedroom. 
Unable to hold herself back anymore, Tillie cried out, “Edmund, wait! I have something to tell you.” 
Then, for the first time, she mustered enough courage to run toward him. 
Edmund stopped and turned to look at her coldly. 
He hated her. Not only because of her face but also because she reminded him of how much of a failure he was. 
He never thought that he would end up living like that. 
He never thought that he would need marriage to complete certain things. 
“Edmund, I just want to explain that I’m not thinking of being the head of the Cooper family. Mom and Violet asked the housemaid to buy something, but the housemaid didn’t. I think it’s because the housemaid only wanted my approval since I’m the one who hired her,” she explained. 
However, the man seemed unfazed by it. 
“You don’t need to explain it to me. You can do whatever you like in this house.” 
Only when the man was about to enter his room did Tillie finally come back to her senses. She then rushed after him.
“If I settle everything at home well and return the Cooper family back to its glorious state, will you let me stay in the family forever? Will you not drive me away?” she blurted out as she followed the man. 
Right as those words left her mouth, the man skidded to a stop. 
Then, silence filled the place. 
How much courage did I have to muster to say that? 
Tillie did not know the answer to that. 
She only knew that she was trembling terribly after saying that, but instead of panicking, she felt as if a weight had lifted from her shoulders. 
For once, she felt like she was no longer working from the shadows. She did not need to be afraid that she would accidentally slip and fall into the dark, dark abyss anymore. 
She liked that feeling. 
She liked it even if he was going to curse at her again. 
To her surprise, the man slowly turned to look at her with surprise, confusion, and impatience in his eyes. 
“Aren’t you sick of this? Aren’t you sick of being with those unbelievable people?” 
“No,” Tillie tentatively answered as she tightened her shaking fists. 
“As long as you give me a chance, I’ll change the family for the better, and I’ll make them change for the better too.” 
For a few seconds, Edmund did not know what he should say.
He was not Devin, who was simple-minded when it came to love. He was not Sebastian, who only loved one despite having tons of scandals. He, Edmund, was a renowned playboy. 
He could read the minds of women as long as he interacted with them. 
“Tillie, you know that our marriage is just a deal. You must have overheard me when I went to the Zander family to ask for your hand in marriage, right?” 
Tillie paled. 
Edmund continued, “I was clear when I said that I’d be working with the Zander family to launder some of the assets that my father has. I promised the Zander family that they would get one-third of those assets. Since you’ve heard me, you should know that our marriage is but a front. Why are you still trying so hard to preserve it?” 
###Chapter 1517
Chapter 1517
Chapter 1517 But I Love You 
Edmund’s candid words caused all the colors on Tillie’s face to drain away. 
Standing behind him, Tillie felt as though she was hit by a bucket of cold water. It doused all the courage and hopes that she had held on. While staring at him, her face had turned pale all over again. 
“Even so, can’t we live out our days in peace?” she pleaded, unwilling to give up. 
However, Edmund’s smirk widened. 
“Are you dreaming? Has all the luxury goods gotten into your head?” 
“No, I sincerely meant what I said. Edmund, I know you don’t like me, and I’m not worthy of you, but don’t you need a family too? If you want to establish yourself in Jadeborough and expand the influence of the Cooper family, don’t you need to marry someone sooner or later? Does it make a difference who you marry?” 
Tillie suddenly realized that she had calmed down. 
Having lost all hope and no longer caring about the consequences, she gained the courage to go all out. Her mental state allowed her to be more shrewd than ever. 
Edmund was stunned. 
I-I have never thought about that before. She’s right. If I want to restore the glory of the Coopers, don’t I need a complete family? As for my feelings, there’s no way I can satisfy them in this lifetime.
“Edmund, don’t worry. Even though I’m staying by your side, you can treat me as your partner. I no longer want to go through the hassle of remarriage again. I’m also sure that you’re unwilling to spend time marrying another girl, am I right? 
She paused for a while and continued, “Therefore, we can come to an agreement. We will pose as a married couple in public, but in private, we are nothing more than partners or friends. We won’t bother nor interfere with each other’s lives. Isn’t that better for you?” 
This time, she had seized the initiative and was emboldened by it. Every word that came out of her mouth seemed to strike a chord with Edmund. 
Evidently, Tillie wasn’t a fool in at all. 
Edmund was indeed tempted by her idea. 
After that, he didn’t say another word until he returned to his room and closed the door. 
Meanwhile, Tillie heaved a sigh of relief when she saw how he reacted. Feeling her body go limp, she almost collapsed in the corridor. 
Edmund’s response was indicative of his tacit agreement, causing Tillie to break into a smile. 
When she returned to her room for the night, she enjoyed the best sleep she had gotten for the first time in months. 
The next day, Edmund left the Cooper residence early in the morning. 
After accepting the Zander family’s business, Edmund was busy every day, laundering the Cooper family’s assets. 
Cognizant of the fact, Tillie reacted calmly the moment she realized Edmund was gone before she woke up.
However, when she arrived downstairs, she was greeted by the sight of the three ladies waiting for their food. At the same time, the maid she had hired a few days ago was busy cooking in the kitchen. 
Thus, she proceeded to stand in front of the ladies. 
“Tillie, why are you blocking my view? Can’t you see that I’m watching television? Instead of making breakfast, why are you being annoying so early in the morning?” Violet berated her. 
Meanwhile, Alice was silently playing on her phone while Gabriella looked equally upset. 
Nevertheless, Tillie stared at them coldly. 
“Violet, I’m afraid I’m here to annoy you today. Last night, I had a discussion with your brother. From today onward, I will be in charge.” 
“What did you say?” 
Everyone in the living room had their mind blown. 
“You? In charge? Who gave you the right? My mom is still around, you know.” 
“Exactly, Tillie. Have you forgotten your place? You have just been married into the family, and yet, you want to seize control? Aren’t you getting ahead of yourself?” Alice rebuked Tillie with a disdainful expression. 
As for Gabriella, she was so infuriated that she felt the urge to tear Tillie apart. 
Nonetheless, Tillie was a sea of calm. Unlike in the past, she no longer listened to them. Instead, she continued to stare at them with an indifferent expression.
“Because I have not forgotten my place as a daughter-in-law of the Coopers that I am stamping my foot down. You are not going to establish yourself in Jadeborough by whiling your time away. Just look at the both of you. You are no longer young, but has any family worth their salt come and sought your hand in marriage?” 
“You—” 
Tillie’s words struck a nerve with both the Cooper sisters, causing them to rage. 
However, she didn’t stop there. 
That morning, she had hardened her resolve to instill some discipline into the sloppy family. 
“From now on, I make the rules. Alice, Violet, both of you can no longer stay at home and do nothing. You should go out and do whatever needs to be done. The Cooper family will no longer accept freeloaders.” 
###Chapter 1518
Chapter 1518
Chapter 1518 Everyone Loves Glory 
“Tillie, who are you accusing of being freeloaders? This is the Cooper residence, not the Zander home!” Violet hissed. 
Tillie sneered, “You’re right. This is the Cooper residence. It’s fine if you don’t like to see me here. I’ll just get a place outside and move out with Edmund. And then, you can have this place all to yourselves.” 
The three women were speechless upon hearing that. 
Tillie then continued, “But, we will no longer pay for your expenses. Even though I’m younger than the lot of you, I make my living with my own two hands. But what about you? Do you plan on depending on Edmund for the rest of your lives? I’m sorry, but Edmund and I plan to have kids. Also, I need to take care of my parents too. Considering our heavy commitments, there’s no way we can bear the expenses of two young and able-bodied persons.” 
Glaring at the two sisters, she informed them of her final decision. 
In truth, she had been respectful by not calling them scum. 
Just as expected, the sisters were outraged at Tillie’s words. Staring daggers at her, they looked as if they were about to kill her. 
Luckily for Tillie, they didn’t dare do so because she had made her stance clear to them. 
If they didn’t start finding work, they would end up going hungry.
Half an hour later, Alice left home without even having breakfast. She was planning to find something to do. 
However, Violet was still refusing to leave, and that made Tillie warn her again. 
“Violet, you, of all people, shouldn’t even be in the Cooper residence. After what you have done, Dad would’ve disowned you and kicked you out of the house if he was still around. I really don’t understand how you can still stay here with such a defiant attitude.” 
Within a split second, Violet felt as if she was about to burst a vessel. 
“Tillie, I’m going to kill you!” 
With a sharp gaze and a smirk on her face, Tillie sniggered at Violet. “Go ahead, but you had better remember that neither my parents nor Edmund will let you go. Therefore, once you kill me, you will no longer have a home to return to!” 
Finally, Violet’s face turned pale after hearing Tillie’s threat. 
In truth, she was no match for Tillie from the very beginning. 
After all, despite her ordinary looks, Tillie wasn’t the kind that freeloaded on her family. Instead, her mediocre looks motivated her to work harder than any other daughter of prominent families. 
In the event her looks came up short, she hoped to achieve success through her talent and capabilities. 
Consequently, the Cooper sisters were forced by Tillie to go out and find a job. As for Gabriella, she dared not utter a single word of protest. 
When word of the incident reached the hospital, Sabrina was extremely shocked. 
“Is Tillie really that capable?”
When Sigrith saw that Sabrina was unconvinced, she poured her a bowl of soup and explained with a smile, “She is. Remember Mabel, who often keeps in contact with her? Tillie called her today and personally told her about it. In fact, she barely made any sense on the call. Considering how frightened she was after the fact, she had evidently gathered tremendous courage to do it.” 
Sabrina couldn’t help but laugh when the image of the usually meek Tillie admonishing the two sisters was conjured up in her mind. 
Indeed, it must have been tough on her. 
“Nevertheless, this will actually do the Coopers some good.” 
“Of course. Everyone in Jadeborough knows how lazy and bad-tempered those two sisters are. Haven’t you noticed that no one has ever asked them for their hand in marriage after so many years?” Sigrith scoffed. 
Just when both of them were chatting in the ward, Tillie suddenly arrived with some health supplements. 
“Ms. Sabrina, good morning.” 
“Good morning!” 
Sabrina’s eyes lit up when she saw Tillie. 
“What a pleasant surprise! You shouldn’t have brought me anything.” 
“Well, I just came from my Grandma’s. On the way here, I bought some health supplements that hopefully can help your condition a little,” Tillie explained shyly after placing the supplements on the table.
Although Sabrina didn’t know much about supplements, she could recognize that Tillie had carefully curated them instead of buying a random gift pack. 
Therefore, it was obvious to her that Tillie had thoughtfully selected the supplements herself. 
“Thank you, Mrs. Cooper. I appreciate the thought.” 
“Not at all.” Tillie blushed at the praise. Even Sigrith’s heart was warmed at that sight. 
After chatting for a while, they assumed Tillie would leave. 
Unexpectedly, she continued to stay in the ward even after Sigrith had returned from refilling water outside. 
“Mrs. Cooper, are you busy with anything? If not, I would like to return to Red Pavilion for a while, as I still have something cooking on the stove.” 
“Of course, Sigrith. Go on ahead. I’ll stay here with Ms. Sabrina.” 
###Chapter 1519
Chapter 1519
Chapter 1519 Exposed 
Contrary to their expectations, Tillie readily agreed. 
Given how close they were, Sigrith went off without giving it much thought. 
With that, only Tillie and Sabrina were left in the ward. Being her usual outspoken self, Sabrina did whatever she wanted. As for Tillie, she quickly peeled fruits for Sabrina instead. 
“Ms. Sabrina, I’ll peel an apple for you. I heard they’re good for the baby.” 
“Well, don’t listen to that nonsense.” 
Considering it was her second baby, Sabrina didn’t care much about hearsay. 
In spite of that, Tillie lowered her head and began to peel the apple earnestly. 
“If it’s good for the child, you should have more of it. Ms. Sabrina, can I spend more time with you next time? I can prepare whatever you like to eat for you. If there’s any fruit that you’re craving for, I’ll buy it for you too.” 
“Huh?” 
Caught by surprise, Sabrina turned to looked at Tillie. 
Spend more time with me? Prepare food for me? Isn’t she being over-friendly? 
Sabrina no longer had any intention to consume the fruit.
“Mrs. Cooper, what are you…” 
“Huh?” Finally, Tillie regained her senses. 
“Oh, I’m sorry, Ms. Sabrina. I-I have just disciplined the Cooper sisters, causing them to be upset with me. Hence, I don’t feel like going home during the day and only want to hide…” 
After mumbling through her explanation, her nervous face blushed again. 
Sabrina was stunned. 
So that’s the reason. It does make sense as the Cooper sisters are not to be trifled with. 
Realizing the situation, Sabrina readily agreed. 
“All right then. You are welcome to come every day, but there’s no need to prepare any food. Just stay and chat with me.” 
“Oh… I-I can’t do that. I have to eat too. I-I’ll prepare some food and bring it over so that both of us can eat together, all right? By the way, I heard Mabel mention that you used to run Hayes Corporation. Considering what a large corporation it is, you must be really capable of doing so. Thus, I hope you can teach me a thing or two about managing the Cooper family.” 
After rejecting Sabrina’s suggestion with a reddened face, she revealed her other intention in a fumbling manner. 
Flattered by Tillie’s words, Sabrina naturally agreed to her request. 
From that day onward, Tillie would visit Sabrina at the hospital every day. Just as she promised, she would bring along a scrumptious meal every time. 
It usually consisted of soup, delicious dishes, and fresh fruits.
Initially, Grayson had instructed Sabrina to be monitored in the hospital for half a month. However, in less than ten days, not only were there no problems with her examinations, but she also put on quite a bit of weight. 
When the news reached Moranta, Devin was delighted. 
“It seems Edmund’s new wife really knows how to care for someone. All the credit for Sabrina’s speedy recovery goes to her.” 
“That’s impressive! Does she have knowledge in this field?” Sasha casually asked while packing her luggage. 
Devin replied, “She does. Every day, she would boil soup with added herbs. Sabrina mentioned that she knows TCM.” 
Sasha questioned, “What did you say?” 
When she looked up abruptly, Devin was taken aback. 
Luckily, Sebastian was just beside them. He walked right over when he noticed her strange reaction. 
“Devin, please let Mr. Milken know that we will be going back first.” 
“Sure.” 
After he sent Devin away, Sebastian came up to Sasha. 
“What’s wrong? What did you think of just now?” 
“Hmm, I suddenly recalled the day Sabrina got into trouble. Didn’t the maid mention that Tillie came over to Red Pavilion on the same day? Coincidentally, there was something wrong with the soup when she was there,” Sasha remarked with a frown.
Indeed, the maid did raise the matter to her on that fateful day. 
Moreover, Sasha also remembered something else. She had given Sabrina only ten grams of almonds for Jaena’s cough. 
Even if Jaena didn’t finish it, could that ten grams have caused a pregnant lady so much harm? 
The more she thought about it, the gloomier her expression became. In fact, she felt the urge to make a call right away. 
Sensing what she was about to do, Sebastian quickly stopped her. 
“Wait, now that Sabrina is fine, it means that she is safe. Why don’t we go back at once and see for ourselves if something fishy is really going on.” 
“You’re right.” 
In the end, Sasha took Sebastian’s advice. 
That day, all of them returned to the country after being away for more than half a month. 
Sabrina was delighted when she heard it. When she received Devin’s call in the ward, she asked him to visit, to which he readily agreed. 
Still, Tillie, who was sitting by Sabrina’s side, was so unnerved by the news of Devin and his family’s arrival that her expression changed drastically. 
“Ms. Sabrina, s-since Mr. Jadeson is back, I’ll take my leave.” 
“Why are you leaving? I am planning to sing your praises in front of my husband. This time, it’s all thanks to you. Why don’t you stay and join us for dinner?”
“But…” 
Tillie wanted to decline, but Sabrina was a lot more persistent than she was. 
Not only did she have Tillie stay, but she also forced Tillie to call Edmund and invite him to dinner together. 
Tillie was rendered speechless. 
But in the end, she braced herself and gave him a call still. 
###Chapter 1520
Chapter 1520
Chapter 1520 Can I Speak To You 
“Hello? I-It’s me, Tillie.” 
“What is it?” Edmund responded in an indifferent tone. 
Nonetheless, there was an improvement from before. At the very least, he wasn’t exasperated by what he usually saw at home. In fact, he even bothered to answer her call. 
“I-I am visiting Ms. Sabrina. Since Mr. Jadeson and the others are back, she wants to invite us t-to have dinner together. Can you make it?” 
She was extremely nervous, as she hadn’t even told him about her daily visits to the hospital. 
Just as she expected, she could sense the tension over the phone the moment she mentioned Sabrina. Consequently, she didn’t even dare make a sound. 
“How dare you—” 
Unable to tolerate what was going on, Sabrina snatched the phone over. “Dare what? Edmund, let me warn you. You’re not allowed to scold Tillie. I was the one who got her to call you, so you had better come quickly. By the time Devin calls you, it will be too late.” 
From the time Edmund was infuriated by Tillie spraining her ankle at the bar, Sabrina understood the marital problems they were going through. 
Ever since then, Tillie never came over.
Reading between the lines, she was certain that Edmund was upset with his newly-wedded wife. 
Moreover, she had seen all the gorgeous women he had been with. It served to cement her impression that it was difficult for him to be attracted to someone as ordinary-looking as Tillie. 
Only after the scolding did Edmund succumb and agree to join them. 
By the time it was nightfall, Sasha and the others had arrived in Jadeborough. At the same time, Sabrina was already dressed and waiting for them in the hospital. 
As for Tillie, she was filled with anxiety. 
When Edmund arrived at the hospital, he didn’t blame Tillie after being reprimanded by Sabrina. 
When Sasha and the rest arrived, he drove her to dinner. 
Considering how unsettled Tillie was, she struggled with herself in the back of the car before finally deciding to explain herself. 
“Edmund, I-I didn’t hide it from you on purpose. I was just worried that you would be angry when you found out. As Ms. Sabrina has business ties with my family, it was natural for me to visit her at the hospital.” 
Although Edmund didn’t say a word, it was obvious from his facial expression that he was feeling upset. 
The thing he hated the most was someone disturbing Sabrina because she was his threshold. As long as one stayed away from her, anything could be negotiable. 
Nevertheless, after hearing Tillie’s words, he suddenly felt as if he had been overly suspicious over the matter.
Finally, he calmed himself down and snapped, “The next time you want to pull a stunt like that, tell me first.” 
Tillie was delighted by his response. 
Obviously, she would definitely do so. 
After all, him not blaming her was the greatest mercy he had ever shown her. 
Considering she was one big step closer to success, Tillie’s mind was finally put at ease. 
That evening, everyone gathered merrily at a hotel, as they had not seen each other in a while. As for Tillie, she managed to socialize with the others in a more natural manner after having the burden lifted off her chest. 
“Mrs. Cooper, I heard that you have done a wonderful job of taking over the responsibilities of the Cooper family.” 
“Not at all. It’s all because… Edmund was willing to give me an opportunity to try.” 
When Tillie saw Sasha approach her on her own accord, she could feel her heart in her throat. In fact, she even stammered when she spoke. 
With regards to the few women, Tillie admired Sabrina for how outspoken she was. 
However, Sasha, as the lady of the Jadeson family, was the one who truly struck fear into her. 
Back when the nation was in chaos a few years ago, she had worked together with her husband to save it. Consequently, no one dared to trifle with someone like that. 
Even the ladies of Jadeborough high society feared and respected Sasha, let alone someone like Tillie.
With her hands drenched in sweat, Tillie pulled herself together to face Sasha. 
Sasha remarked, “It was your capabilities that earned his trust in the first place. To be honest, Edmund is in need of a capable wife to assist him. The only thing we could help him with was to make your marriage a success. With regards to truly restoring the Cooper family to its past glory, the tasks still lie on both your shoulders.” 
Speaking with a faint smile, Sasha’s tone was extremely calm. 
In contrast to that, Tillie’s eye widened in shock as she stared blankly at Sasha. 
“A-Are you saying that it was your idea that Edmund came to my house to ask for my hand?” 
“That’s right.” Sasha plainly nodded. 
“Technically speaking, it was my husband’s idea. Mrs. Cooper, Edmund saved his life before and is also Devin’s good friend. Therefore, we treat him as family and naturally want to see him live an increasingly good life.” 
Sasha’s last sentence had clearly conveyed her intentions. 
###Chapter 1521
Chapter 1521
Chapter 1521 You Have A Problem 
They had sought out the Zander family hoping that Edmund could have a better life. 
At the same time, if anything happened to Edmund to the extent of involving the Jadeson family, the Zander family would naturally be punished. 
Other than breaking into a cold sweat on her forehead, Tillie couldn’t find the words to respond. 
She was cognizant that nothing could escape Sasha’s eye. 
Consequently, Tillie lost her appetite for the rest of the evening. 
All she did was sit at the table in silence while watching everyone else chat the night away. 
It wasn’t until everyone was leaving after dinner that she stood up from her chair and walked awkwardly out of the private room. 
“Mrs. Hayes, c-can I speak to you for a moment?” 
When she saw Sasha’s figure being led out by Sebastian, she felt as if Sasha was a piece of driftwood in the middle of the ocean. Gritting her teeth, she caught up with Sasha. 
Meanwhile, Edmund furrowed his eyebrows when he heard what she said. 
Why does she love to ingratiate herself with others so much? 
Unexpectedly, Sasha stopped in her tracks.
A short while later, both ladies were standing by the railing as they chatted by the hotel corridor. 
“Mrs. Hayes, I would like to ask you something. With regards to what you said just now, do I still have a chance to be a capable wife if I want to?” 
“Hmm?” 
The question caught Sasha by surprise. 
Is she throwing back the question at me? It seems Ms. Zander isn’t a fool at all. Instead, she is extremely shrewd. She even demands to know whether she has a chance to redeem herself when she has obviously done something wrong. If I don’t agree, is she going to continue with her evil deeds? 
Suddenly, Sasha was infuriated by her attitude. 
“Mrs. Cooper, just based on what you just said, I don’t think you do.” 
“Why?” 
Tillie’s expression changed instantly. Staring at Sasha with her face white as a sheet, she didn’t even know what she did wrong. 
I have done my best, isn’t it? 
Soon, Sasha, Jadeborough’s most powerful lady, reprimanded her. 
“Ms. Zander, don’t you realize that your entire attitude is wrong? Instead of asking me a question, you are pressuring me. Did you feel the same way when you poisoned Sabrina? Just because you didn’t get what you want, you decided to blame it on someone else?” 
“I…”
Standing there, Tillie was lost for words, as that was what exactly went through her mind. 
Unknown to her, her environment had, over the years, molded her character into one that was extreme. 
Consequently, this trait caused her to be filled with hatred and the tendency to blame others for her own mistakes. 
“Ms. Zander, actually, you have an inherently kind character. I can clearly see it from how you took care of Sabrina and the fact that you stopped me. I don’t know what sort of environment you grew up in, but if you really want to stay by Edmund’s side, you will have to change. You will need to do away with your narrow-mindedness and your extreme character.” 
She then continued, “In this world, no one owes you anything. You blame Sabrina for the fact that Edmund mistreats you, which is ridiculous. Have you ever thought about it? As an outsider, what right do you have to demand him to give his heart to you?” 
With a mocking tone, Sasha’s words were scathing and candid at the same time. 
Just as she spoke, Tillie’s face reddened intensely, as if she had been slapped by someone. 
After all, Sasha had spoken the truth. 
In fact, those weren’t her only problems. 
Due to her mediocre looks, she became self-conscious, sensitive, and filled with hatred. 
All because she found it to be ridiculous. 
One’s looks were gifted by one’s parents. If everyone thought the same way as she did, everyone ugly in the world would have ended themselves. In reality, the good-looking lived their lives their own way, while the not-so-good-looking would have their own ways to survive too.
Therefore, there was no need for her to be filled with such anger. 
However, she felt that she was the same kind of person Edmund was even though they were leagues apart from each other. 
Edmund was someone that was truly unlucky. 
Sasha added, “Actually, you could have been someone that led a good life. I heard that when Edmund went to your home to discuss the matter, he had no intention of marrying you. It was you who insisted your dad use you as a bargaining chip.” 
“H-How did you know about that?” 
“Of course I know about it. Let me be honest with you. There is nothing in Jadeborough that can escape my husband’s ears or his eyes,” Sasha repeated frostily. 
Tillie was taken aback by Sasha’s words, causing her to knock onto the railing behind her with a thud. 
Meanwhile, Edmund and the others were waiting downstairs. When he saw what had happened, he furrowed his brows again. 
“What are the both of them talking about up there? Why are they taking so long? Is she addicted?” 
Obviously, his tone was directed at Tillie. 
Instead of answering Edmund’s question, Sebastian advised him, “You should treat her better, as she is your wife after all. Also, she did manage to keep your family in line. So, stop behaving like a child.” 
Only then did Edmund fall silent. 
###Chapter 1522
Chapter 1522
Chapter 1522 Clemency 
The two ladies finally came down ten minutes later. 
When Sebastian saw them, he went forward to take Sasha’s hand and led her back to the car. 
As for Edmund, even though he refused to hold his wife’s hand, he still waited for her in front of the car. 
Much to his surprise, Tillie looked as if her soul had left her body when she came down. He tried calling out to her a few times but didn’t get any response. 
“Tillie, what’s wrong with you? Why aren’t you responding?” 
“Huh?” 
Only then did Tillie get in the car with him. 
During the entire journey back to the Cooper residence, she didn’t say a word. The moment she arrived, she locked herself in the bedroom. 
Meanwhile, Sasha and Sebastian had returned to Oceanic Estate. By the time they reached home, Sebastian had begun to question her. 
“How did it go? Did she admit it?” 
Finding Tillie’s response ridiculous, Sasha replied with a hint of mockery, “Yeah, but she was really arrogant.”
How can she still behave so haughtily after harming someone? 
Given how quick-tempered Sebastian was, a grim expression descended on his face. 
“What do you mean?” 
“She has some mental problems. In fact, I believe she suffers from paranoid personality disorder because she displays symptoms such as oversensitivity, holding grudges, being overly suspicious, narrow-mindedness, and being easily jealous. When I was in Moranta, I did some digging on the environment she was raised in. Perhaps, it was caused by her the values her parents imparted to her due to her ordinary appearance.” 
Considering how well-versed Sasha was in the field of psychology, she was able to diagnose Tillie’s issue after a short exchange. 
Paranoid personality disorder? 
Sebastian’s anger receded after hearing Sasha’s explanation. 
It had reminded him of his own sickness, which was significantly more severe than Tillie’s. Fortunately, he had people by his side who refused to give up on him. 
It was his adopted father, Frederick, and also his dearest wife, Sasha. 
“If that’s the case, we should advise her to see a doctor.” 
“Yeah, I spoke to her frankly just now. So now, the ball is in her court. If she really wants to stay by Edmund’s side, she will accept my suggestion. Furthermore, I promised her that I wouldn’t tell Edmund.” 
In the end, Sasha chose clemency.
She believed that a person with a good heart would be able to reflect on their mistakes and change for the better. 
That night, the couple slept well. 
The next morning, Sabrina hurried to get herself discharged from the hospital due to Sasha and Sebastian’s return. Instead of going back to Red Pavilion, she went to Oceanic Estate. 
“Sasha, let’s have barbeque tonight. I am craving for it.” 
“Huh?” 
“What’s wrong with you?” Sebastian, who was coincidentally beside Sasha, snapped. 
Sabrina and Sasha were both rendered speechless. 
In the end, it was Devin who came over to defuse the situation. “All right now, Sabrina. You have just been discharged from the hospital. Hence, you had better watch what you eat.” 
“Watch what I eat? It’s just barbeque, you know.” 
Sabrina continued to play victim. 
Feeling bad for what happened, Sasha walked over. “Fine, let’s have barbeque tonight. I’ll go grocery shopping later.” 
“Hurray! By the way, we can invite Tillie over to help. You must know that she is an excellent chef. When I was in the hospital, I was so well fed that I almost became a pig,” Sabrina proposed all of a sudden. 
Sasha turned around to look at Sebastian but realized that he had walked off to the study without saying a word.
Recognizing that he had no ions, Sasha agreed to Sabrina’s suggestion. 
The pregnant Sabrina was elated that her wish was granted. With that, she gave Tillie a call to invite her over. 
When Tillie heard the call, she felt her heart sink. However, after picking up, she was reinvigorated instead. 
“Are you telling me to go over to Oceanic Estate?” 
“Yes, Sasha invited you. By the way, she seems to be quite busy. If you don’t mind, can you go to the mall to grab some groceries?” 
Sabrina was as candid as ever. 
Nevertheless, Tillie couldn’t be any happier. 
Of course she didn’t mind. 
In fact, she was more than willing and even honored to do it. 
Having recovered her spirit, Tillie left home with a smile on her face. As for Violet and Alice, they no longer dared to challenge her after learning that she had built a relationship with the Jadesons. 
Both of them went off to work obediently. 
The moment Tillie stepped out, she couldn’t contain her excitement and sent Sasha a message via her phone. 
Tillie: Mrs. Hayes, I am grateful for the second chance you have given me. Over the years, I have refused to admit my own weaknesses and blamed my misfortune on others. Thank you for making me
realize this. Consequently, I’ll take your advice and see a psychologist. No matter what happens between Edmund and me in the future, I will always remember the good you have done me today. 
The message was so long that Sasha, who was in the study, had to stop what she was doing to read it. 
###Chapter 1523
Chapter 1523
Chapter 1523 You Need To Rest 
Sebastian asked, “What is it? Who are you chatting with?” 
Sasha replied, “Tillie has apologized to me and thanked me for giving her a second chance.” 
Smiling, she handed Sebastian the phone. 
The conclusion was what everyone had hoped for. At the very least, Tillie wanted to improve and seized upon the opportunity to do so. 
Consequently, Sasha and Sebastian decided to keep the matter a secret. During the barbeque in the evening, the atmosphere was jovial. Other than Devin and Sabrina, Edmund joined in the party too. 
They made merry for the entire night. 
By the time Edmund and Tillie left, everyone noticed their relationship had taken a turn for the better. 
Thus, Sasha put the matter at the back of her mind. 
When she saw Sebastian holed up in his study the entire night despite the party outside, she went into the kitchen and made some soup for him. 
“Sebby, why don’t you have some soup first. There’s no point rushing to meet the orders,” Sasha said to him while putting the soup in front of the latter. 
Despite their long trip to Moranta, they didn’t manage to resolve the problem they had. All they did was buy some time for themselves by delaying the delivery date. In spite of that, it was still imperative that
they produce the goods on time. 
Unfortunately, what was troubling them now was that the manufactured products were not up to expectations. In fact, they began to wonder how the sample was made in the first place. 
In the midst of solving the chemistry problem on his computer, Sebastian declined in exasperation. 
“I’m not hungry.” 
“Sebastian Hayes!” 
Fuming in front of him, Sasha suddenly cried out his full name, causing him to be stunned. 
When he raised his gaze and noticed the anger in her eyes, he was jolted into stopping what he was doing. 
“Let me remind you that health is wealth. If you refuse to take care of your body while doing this, I will forbid you from getting involved,” Sasha declared candidly. 
Sebastian was dumbstruck as it was the first time he was scolded by her. 
Finally, he complied and finished the soup. After that, he proceeded to dismantle the earliest samples that had been sent back. 
Sasha was given a fright when she saw what he was about to do. 
“What are you doing? How can you do it yourself? It’s not like you even know how to do it.” 
“What else am I supposed to do? All the staffs are useless. If I don’t do it myself and produce something, I will be in trouble,” Sebastian ranted with a gloomy expression.
He had no other choice as the transaction was turning into the decline of his illustrious business career. Despite resolving everything else, he had not expected to fail there. 
Even Sasha was stumped. 
At the end of the day, she refused to let him do it, as both of them were victims of nuclear wave radiation. 
The last thing she wanted was for him to be hurt from being exposed to it again. 
Hence, Sasha took the sample away from him and shoved it onto Devin instead. 
“Devin, Sebastian is being driven mad by this item. Can you get someone to dismantle it and map out in detail the components inside? I don’t want him to physically touch it.” 
“Sure,” Devin readily agreed. 
Thus, Devin brought the sample home with him. 
As for Sasha, she dragged Sebastian back up to their room to rest regardless of whether he wanted it or not. 
“Sebastian, have you heard of this saying?” 
“What saying?” 
“Sometimes, even the strongest people get tired. By working endless nights on it, your mind will shut down from exhaustion regardless of how smart you are,” Sasha illustrated her point to him. 
All she was telling him was that he had to rest when necessary. 
To her surprise, Sebastian suddenly stood at the bathroom door and gave her a long and thoughtful look.
“That seems to make sense.” 
“What?” 
“Shall we go in together, Darling?” All of a sudden, he hugged her so closely that she could feel his burning breath. Before she could react, he had carried her into the bathroom. 
Hey! This wasn’t what I meant! 
That night, Sasha was made to understand what it felt like to be digging her own grave. 
When both of them woke up the next morning, Jonathan sent them a message saying that Aquene Temple had called to inform them that the pears on the hill were ripe for picking. Hence, he asked them if they were interested in going. 
Picking pears? 
Sasha didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. Nonetheless, she kept her opinions to herself. 
After agreeing to it, she came up to persuade Sebastian. “Sebby, let’s head over for a relaxing day out. Besides, you haven’t seen your dad in a long time.” 
“Haha, whose dad?” 
“My dad. It’s that fine with you?” 
Given what a flexible woman Sasha was, she changed her tact in the blink of an eye. 
With that, the couple headed to Aquene Temple in the afternoon. 
The moment they arrived at the foot of the hill, they saw a large swathe of undulating hills covered by a golden hue. Underneath the rays of the afternoon sun, the entire landscape looked like a stunning
painting from a master artist. 
###Chapter 1524
Chapter 1524
Chapter 1524 Not Addressing His Son Properly 
Sasha’s mood couldn’t help but improve especially when she saw the fruit-laden trees on both sides of the road on their drive up the hill. 
In fact, she was so delighted that she got Sebastian to stop so that she could pick some of them. 
“Evidently, Grandpa is right in telling us to come here.” 
Holding a large and juicy pear, she took a bite to taste the sweet nectar of the fruit before handing it over to Sebastian. 
However, Sebastian refused to take it and wanted her to feed him instead. 
“I’m driving and don’t have time for it. One bite is enough for me.” 
Speechless, Sasha had no choice but to give him her pear reluctantly. 
Meanwhile, when Sebastian sensed how happy Sasha was, his mood improved accordingly. By the time they reached the entrance of the temple, he felt entirely at ease. 
“Mr. Hayes, I would like to welcome the both of you.” 
“Right. Where’s your master? We’re here to have tea with him.” 
When Sasha saw the junior monk, she politely requested to see Shin instead of admitting that she was there for the pears.
Otherwise, she would either be laughed at by Sebastian or Shin, given how lame her excuse was. 
A short while after the junior monk disappeared, a monk in a grey robe emerged with an air of loftiness around him. Amidst the fragrant incense, a peal of delightful laughter rang out. 
“Mr. and Mrs. Hayes, it’s been a while. Please come in and have a seat.” 
Sebastian remained silent as Sasha replied, “Thank you, Master.” 
After that, Sasha dragged Sebastian alongside her as they entered together. 
It was understandable why Sebastian was angry. Despite them being father and son, Shin addressed Sebastian as Mr. Hayes. Anyone in the same position as him would be equally outraged. 
In spite of that, Devin was exceptionally thick-skinned. In the face of Sebastian’s gloomy expression, Shin laughed heartily like a carefree child instead of being angry. 
“Master, has the temple been busy recently?” 
“It’s all right. Since autumn is upon us, we are harvesting the crops and conducting ceremonies for tourists that visit. So, we’re not really that busy.” 
After that, Shin led them to a pavilion where he brewed them some tea from leaves that were just harvested in spring. 
In response, Sasha snuck a glance at the silent Sebastian and decided to give both of them some space. Hence, she made an excuse about visiting the temple’s pharmacy and left them alone. 
Consequently, both Shin and Sebastian sat together in awkward silence. 
It was made worse by the fact that Sebastian was never one for words.
Letting out a sigh, Shin finally broke the ice. “How have you been? Is your body holding up?” 
With a teacup in his hand, Sebastian snorted, “I don’t die that easily.” 
Shin was stumped. 
I guess I’ll have to bear with it since I’m the one that owes him. 
After drinking two cups, Shin handed over a key that was made of pure bronze. 
“I heard that you are having trouble with the product that Eddie created. This is the key to his laboratory back then. Do you want to take a look?” 
Finally, Sebastian stopped drinking his tea and looked up in earnest. 
Is this the real reason why he invited me here? 
After staring at the key for a while, he put down his teacup and took the key. 
Shin simply added, “Nevertheless, you have to be careful due to the strong radiation inside. I have gotten my men to prepare a suit for you outside. Once you put it on, you’ll be able to go in.” 
At that moment, Sebastian raised his brow when he finally felt Shin’s concern. 
Just when he wanted to leave with the key right away, Sebastian pondered a moment and asked, “Since you are unable to cut your ties with the mundane world, why do you insist on staying here?” 
Shin was caught by surprise. 
“I…”
Suddenly, Sebastian began mumbling to himself. “Forget it. Perhaps, this is the best place for you, as it puts my mind at ease. No matter how peaceful it is, the conflict will always be inevitable as long as a Jadeson sits at Oceanic Estate. Although Grandpa is getting close to ninety, he still has to play politics with those people.” 
With furrowed brows, Sebastian’s expression was tinged with resentment and frustration. 
Given that the responsibility had fallen on his shoulders, he had no choice but to shoulder it despite how reluctant he was. 
Holding the key in his hand, he proceeded to the basement. 
As for Shin, he remained at the pavilion, lost in his own thoughts. It wasn’t until he felt his eyes moisten that he finished his tea with a smile. 
When Sasha returned from the pharmacy, she was told that Sebastian had gone to Felicity’s old lab. The news caused her to be filled with concern. 
“Master, is that place dangerous? The nuclear waves from Felicity’s experiments contained very strong amounts of radiation.” 
“Don’t worry. I have prepared a radiation suit for him and informed him of the time limit. As long as he doesn’t stay too long, he will be fine,” Shin reassured her. 
Despite his words, Shin would every now and then check the pocket watch hanging off his robes. 
###Chapter 1525
Chapter 1525
Chapter 1525 Standing On The Shoulders Of Giants 
Meanwhile, Sasha waited anxiously for half an hour. 
If he hadn’t come out by then, she would have dashed in herself. 
Fortunately, he did appear half an hour later. 
“How is it? Are you all right? Why did you take so long? Didn’t your dad tell you that you only have about twenty minutes?” 
The moment Sasha saw Sebastian, she was so worried that she inadvertently addressed Shin differently, causing Shin to feel awkward. 
Despite a slip of the tongue, he wasn’t in the mood to be bothered, as he too was anxious about Sebastian’s condition. 
Luckily, when Sebastian took off the radiation suit, he didn’t feel anything other than being drenched in sweat. 
“I’m fine. It took some time, but I found her notes.” 
Holding up a dusty notebook, he patted it in front of everyone. 
Only then, did Sasha heave a sigh of relief. 
In the evening, they remained at the pavilion. However, Sebastian had gotten a change of clothes and was sitting there reading the notebook underneath the rays of the setting sun.
As for Sasha, she didn’t dare disrupt him at all. 
In truth, there was no need for them to deal with the matter themselves. 
Unfortunately, the workers at the factory were just too incompetent. More importantly, the secrets underneath the temple had yet to be revealed to the public for fear of creating chaos. 
As a result, Sasha finally understood why Jonathan and Shin made such an arrangement. 
Sitting beside Sebastian and observing him flicking through the notebook with a frown, she could feel a sense of dread creeping onto her. 
“What is it, Sebby? Is it difficult?” 
“Yeah. Felicity is a genius indeed. Her nuclear wave is created by combining tens of different chemical compounds. No wonder those idiots were unable to find out what they were,” he complained. 
Sasha didn’t know what to say to that. 
After all, chemistry was such a difficult subject that it wasn’t a surprise ordinary folk couldn’t get a good grasp of it. 
In that case, what about the orders that we are supposed to fill for Moranta? If we fail to do so, we will have to compensate them hundreds of billions. If that were to happen, wouldn’t the national treasury use up all the profit that it had recently earned? 
“Sebby?” 
“Why don’t we let Ian take a look?” 
Sebastian sprung the question on Sasha, causing her to be dumbstruck.
Are you kidding me? Are you really going to throw a problem you can’t solve to a twelve-year-old boy? 
Sasha felt that he was being ridiculous. 
As a matter of fact, there was something mysterious about genes. Even though Sebastian was extremely smart, on some level, he was still no match for his son. 
For example, the microchip that Ian was currently researching at the facility had overwhelmed Sebastian in terms of its complexity. 
That very night, Ian, who was still at the facility, received an email from his daddy. Too lazy to write anything, Sebastian took photos of the notebook and attached them instead. 
When she saw what he did, Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Unfortunately, even Ian couldn’t decode it after analyzing it through the night. 
Ian gave Sebastian a call and recommended someone. “Daddy, my major is quantum mechanics and not chemistry. But, there’s someone in my class whom I think can solve it. One time, he had managed to make the exhaust fumes at the facility mysteriously disappear.” 
However, Sebastian fell silent in response. 
He was upset to hear that there was someone smarter than his son. After all, Ian’s IQ was already considered top-notch. 
In the end, after Ian handed the notebook to his classmate, his classmate provided them with a detailed breakdown of all the chemical components after three days. 
Furthermore, he had even provided detailed steps on how to manufacture the product.
It was unbelievable. 
After Sebastian had gone through it, he didn’t feel like saying a word. 
Sasha didn’t dare to make a sound either. 
It wasn’t until Jonathan saw it that he snorted, “Who is that damn kid? Give me all his details!” 
Soon, the child’s biodata was sent over. When they opened it, they saw that he came from an average background where his parents were farmers. Furthermore, he had an ordinary name which was Duncan Snow. 
Snow? 
It felt unfamiliar to everyone, as no one had heard of that name before. 
Nevertheless, it wasn’t a surprise given that he was one of the gifted children that Jonathan had handpicked from all over the country. 
Therefore, they didn’t think too much about it after going through his biodata. 
As for Jonathan, he transferred the child to the military after realizing his exceptional talent. There, Duncan was to work on researching the latest weapons in secret. 
###Chapter 1526
Chapter 1526
Chapter 1526 Death Is Inevitable 
Finally, a huge burden was lifted off the shoulders of Sasha and her family when issues about the deal drew to a close. 
Sebastian was exceptionally relieved. He was swamped with work during the busy period and lost some weight as a result. Hence, Sasha was thinking of taking a breather by planning for a fall vacation for both of them. 
Sabrina texted: You’re going on a trip? Then, who is going to manage the bar? I can’t do it, and Ichika is in Avenport. So, are we going to shut down the business? 
As soon as Sabrina heard the news at the comfort of her own home at Red Pavilion, she grumbled immediately. 
Upon receiving her text, Sasha immediately replied: It’s a short one to relax for several days. We’ll be back before you know it. 
Ichika responded: Where are you going, Sha? Are you swinging by Avenport? It’s been ages since we last met. I miss you so much! 
Ichika, who had been quiet for a long time, appeared suddenly in the chat group with an invitation to the couple. 
Avenport? 
Sasha was rather tempted.
That sounds good. After all, it’s the place where we grew up. The weather is great, and our relatives are there. Wouldn’t it be wonderful to pay a visit again? 
Upon hanging up, Sasha went upstairs to look for Sebastian, only to see him scribbling something at his desk. 
She approached him to take a closer look and realized that he was drawing a familiar map. 
“W-Why are you drawing the temple? Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” 
“The time bomb needs to be diffused. Moreover, the radiation emitted from the underground lab is very harmful to the monks. It’s going to spell trouble if anyone accidentally walks into it,” he frowned and said while sketching. 
Staring at that man, Sasha gulped, completely lost for words. 
He’s becoming less and less like himself. In the past, he was always the heartless guy with a God-like presence who never cared about anything other than himself. 
Now, he’s like a totally different person—one who is concerned about the safety of others. Is it true that people change and become more thoughtful as they age? But he’s only thirty-five. 
Sasha decided to leave him alone and strode to the kitchen to prepare him some nutritious food instead. 
Two days later, Sebastian went up to the mountains with Sasha. 
While the couple was gone for half a month, Sasha had Tillie man the bar since the latter was in Jadeborough and had time to spare. 
Then, it was fall. The temperature in Jadeborough dropped significantly. As age caught up with him, Jonathan’s health deteriorated.
Devin messaged: Sebastian, Grandpa fainted, and he’s in the hospital now. When are you coming over? 
Sasha and Sebastian were enjoying some tasty barbecued wild mushrooms when Devin’s message interrupted their tranquil night. 
She noticed Sebastian’s creased forehead as he put down the fork and read the text message. 
Feeling curious, Sasha asked, “What’s wrong? Something happened?” 
Sebastian nodded. “Hmm. Grandpa is in the hospital. Let’s pack up now and make a move.” 
Then, he got himself ready hastily. 
Hearing so, Sasha wasted no time before they both made their way to the door. 
“Hang on, don’t we need to inform Master, Sebby?” 
“Whatever for?” Sebastian refused without a second of thought. 
Panic-stricken, Sasha held him back and requested that he wait for her in the courtyard while she hurried over to knock at Shin’s door. 
“It’s late at night. Is there anything that I can help you with, Mrs. Hayes?” 
“Master, we’ve just received news that Grandpa fainted back home and has been rushed to the hospital. Do you want to come with us?” Sasha said anxiously while staring at the monk who answered the door. 
A long silence ensued. 
The monk turned pale and froze in the dim glow of a night lamp.
Though a monk was supposed to let go of any emotional attachments and entanglements in life, it was usually easier said than done. How many could genuinely practice the ultimate cessation of desires and wants? 
I don’t think his religion will force him to detach himself from those who mean a lot to him. Anyhow, blood is thicker than water. 
In the end, Shin left for the hospital alongside the Hayes couple. 
When they arrived, Jonathan was still in the operating theater. 
Cerebral thrombosis… 
Grayson’s suspicion put all the Jadesons in low spirits. 
With his gaze fixated on the tightly shut doors of the operating theater, Shin’s callused hands were seen clasping onto the prayer beads hung in front of his chest. 
After three hours of ordeal, the light at the operating theater finally went out. 
Sebastian and Devin quickly rose to their feet and darted forward. 
###Chapter 1527
Chapter 1527
Chapter 1527 Becoming Enlightened 
“How is he?” 
“Dr. Wallen, is my grandpa all right?” 
Everyone’s eyes were filled with hopeful longing and sheer anxiety at the same time. 
Looking glum, Grayson shook his head. “It’s not looking good. Although we managed to save him, he’s most probably going to spend his remaining days bedridden. He’s still unconscious as of now. So, we can’t tell if there are other symptoms or side effects.” 
Grayson was feeling extremely dejected. 
His words were followed by prolonged silence as everyone in the hallway fell into despair, unable to accept the fact which came like a bolt from the blue. 
Bedridden for life? How devastating will that be for a general who has led countless troops to victory to receive this bad news? It’s a bitter pill for him to swallow, much worse than taking his life. 
At that instant, everyone hit rock bottom emotionally. 
A few minutes later, Sabrina brought the matter up in the family chat group. 
Rufus was stunned to learn the shocking news. So, he booked the first flight to return to Jadeborough the following morning.
Meanwhile, Solomon and Ichika also planned to visit Jonathan, a senior who had rendered them a lot of support. 
The next day, many gathered at the hospital. 
“Sha, how’s Old Mr. Jadeson? Is he okay?” 
Ichika, who was very fond of Jonathan, threw the question at Sasha as soon as she arrived. 
The latter did not know how to respond because Jonathan was still unconscious. 
The wait was extremely hard to bear for everyone. 
When they peeped into the ward, they could see an old monk dressed in a grey robe. He was sitting next to the bed with his hands clasped in a prayerful position. His eyes were tightly shut. One could tell that he was very focused while chanting. 
Nobody seemed to know what was on his mind, but they were all certain he was praying for Jonathan’s speedy recovery. After all, he owed it all to the old man in this lifetime. 
Perhaps Heaven took pity on Jonathan, or maybe Shin’s earnest prayers and continuous plea for over three decades had moved God’s heart; Jonathan slowly opened his eyes when the afternoon sunbeam gently weaved its way through the window blinds. 
“You’re awake?” 
Shin had very sensitive hearing. As soon as he heard the slightest movement, he opened his eyes and was delighted to see the face that greeted him. 
Jonathan fixed his eyes on his son. He had not seen Shin with such an expression in a long time.
When they met at the temple, Shin always wore a polite but apathetic smile and remained indifferent throughout. 
Jonathan was lost in his gaze. After a long pause, he asked in a hoarse voice, “You stayed up the entire night?” 
Shin remained silent. It took him a while to snap back into his senses. 
Nodding rather stiffly, he answered, “Chanting and praying for your recovery is the least I could do.” 
The standard reply from Shin enraged Jonathan. 
However, he seemed to get over it quite quickly. 
The next moment, Jonathan sighed and announced, “What an idiot! Anyway, I’ve thought it through, and I think that you’re right. Therefore, I’ve made up my mind to move into the temple as well. Go ahead and prepare a room for me.” 
“What?” 
“Why are you so stunned? I already have one foot in the grave, so shouldn’t I get ready to leave this mundane world? I know I don’t have many days ahead of me. After fighting in wars my whole life, my hands are stained with blood. Isn’t it a good thing if I could achieve salvation before I die?” 
A near brush with death had completely changed Jonathan’s mindset. 
Shin stared at him blankly, trying to process what he had just said. 
Shortly after that, Sebastian and the rest entered the ward upon realizing that Jonathan was awoken. 
“Grandpa, you’re up? Are you feeling okay?”
“I’m fine. In fact, I have something to discuss with you. What are your thoughts about me living in the mountains?” 
Jonathan seemed to be in a very good mood. 
Mountains? 
His question had everyone baffled, especially Sebastian. 
After being worried sick for one whole night, Jonathan’s antics made his expression turn as dark as coal. 
Initially, Devin wanted to convince Sebastian to give in to Jonathan’s request when everyone returned to Oceanic Estate in the evening. Due to the presence of Solomon, Ichika, and Sasha’s father, Devin dropped the topic. 
“All right, it’s been a busy day for everyone. Now that Grandpa is okay, let’s have dinner together.” 
As the lady host, Sasha served a spread on the dining table and invited everyone to dig in. 
Feeling relieved, everyone else cheered up a little and started eating. 
While the men did not seem to have an intention to take a break from their drinking sessions, the women headed to the observation tower for tea after dinner. 
Sabrina warned, “Aren’t you trying to conceive, Ichika? Yet, you’re still drinking tea? You shouldn’t take too much caffeine.” 
“Huh?” Ichika was surprised at the sudden question posted to her. 
Sasha froze when she heard that, leaving her hand holding a teacup hanging mid-air. 
Oh right, this has completely slipped my mind.
Feeling intrigued, she put her cup down and stared at the blushing lady. “How’s it? Any good news?” She pursued further. 
Ichika stayed quiet. Moments later, she hung her head low. 
Her face was as red as a beetroot. 
###Chapter 1528
Chapter 1528
Chapter 1528 Unshirkable Responsibilities 
“It has been… a few days delayed.” 
“Really?” the two women surrounding her exclaimed excitedly. 
Tears even glistened in Sabrina’s eyes, thinking that the Hayeses finally had an heir. 
No doubt she loved the triplets to bits. She was thrilled that the bloodline of her father, Frederick, was now secured. 
This little one will be his true progeny in the future. I bet he can finally rest in peace if he finds out. 
“Um… Sab and Sha, please don’t spill the beans to your husbands. I haven’t confirmed yet, so…” 
Ichika was taken aback to see how exhilarated the two ladies were. Hence, she quickly reminded them to keep it a secret. 
Obviously, Sasha would not let it slide. She took Ichika’s pulse with utter seriousness right away while Ichika and Sabrina held their breath in suspense. 
Within two minutes, she had her answers. 
“Sab…” 
“Hmm?”
“Do you want to do the honors and check with Saul about the family tree of the Hayeses? To find out who should the next baby be named after. You know, it’s good to get this out of the way early.” Sasha grinned from ear to ear. 
Sabrina widened her eyes and was about to explode from excitement. 
On the other hand, Ichika was so surprised, her face instantly flushing. 
This is absolutely great news! 
The cat was let out of the bag later that night. Solomon could not believe it and asked Ichika umpteen times to confirm. 
“Is it true? Nancy took your pulse personally?” 
“Yes,” Ichika replied shyly. 
She was well pleased at her husband’s ecstatic reaction. 
Mom has said before that a woman could tell how much her husband loves her from his expression when he learns about the pregnancy. 
Feeling elated, she slept soundly that night. 
Ironically, Solomon could not fall asleep. He did not dare to toss and turn on the bed as he was afraid of crushing Ichika. 
In the end, he decided to get up and head outside for a puff. 
Surprisingly, he was not the only one who stayed up late. There was another figure in the hallway upstairs, seemingly smoking a cigarette.
Sebastian? 
The room in which Solomon and his wife were staying now was the one next to Sabrina’s former room, whereas Sebastian’s family occupied the top floor. 
Hence, he guessed that it was him. 
Staring at the brightly lit cigarette, Solomon hesitated before deciding to walk upstairs. 
Indeed, it’s him. 
He saw Sebastian standing there alone, working on something on his smartphone. From the refraction of the dimmed screen light, Solomon noticed that Sebastian was furrowing his brows. 
“What are you up to?” Solomon approached him. 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian turned and was astonished to see Solomon there. 
“I was attending to a matter. Why aren’t you in bed yet?” He swiftly switched off his phone, not wanting Solomon to see what he was doing. 
Solomon got the hint and did not query him further. 
“Well, I’m not used to changes,” he blurted honestly. 
Nowadays, Solomon would speak his mind in front of Sebastian. 
However, the latter did not understand what he was referring to. 
He could not empathize with Solomon because Sasha lost her baby at a very early stage of her pregnancy due to poor health.
Therefore, he could not understand what Solomon was feeling simply because he had never gone through the same experience. 
“What changes? The bed?” 
“No…” Solomon felt somewhat awkward, so he gazed at the scenery and changed the subject immediately. 
“By the way, what do you think about Old Mr. Jadeson’s idea of living in the mountain? Are you agreeable to it?” 
“Whatever!” Sebastian snapped. 
Solomon found it amusing as he tried to process Sebastian’s answer. 
Based on how much and how well I know about him, his laconic reply is actually a yes. What a guy! He seems cold and hostile outside, but he’s, in fact, a softy who’s more gentle and considerate than anyone else. 
Thinking about his own affairs, Solomon felt a fuzzy feeling creeping up from within. 
“Well, if Old Mr. Jadeson goes to the mountain, everything related to Oceanic Estate will fall on your shoulders. What’s your plan?” 
“I’m not interested in those things at all.” 
“I know. Regardless of your interest level, some matters are inevitable. I heard that many tried to squeeze their way in to see Old Mr. Jadeson since the night he was hospitalized. I’m sure Oceanic Estate has rejected many requests tonight, too, right?” Solomon cut to the chase and addressed the elephant in the room.
Though Jonathan had retired and washed his hands off politics, the Jadesons still held a formidable presence in the country because of its enormous contributions made in the past. 
That was why many still sought their advice and orders even though none of them held any position at the White House. 
With Old Mr. Jadeson leaving for Aquene Temple, it goes unsaid that the unshirkable responsibility will fall on Sebastian. Is he thinking of pushing it to others? That will never ever happen. I guess he was dealing with this issue on the phone just now. This is probably the only reason why he is reluctant to let Old Mr. Jadeson go to the temple. 
Sebastian did not utter a single word, but he smoked a lot that night. 
###Chapter 1529
Chapter 1529
Chapter 1529 Can I Make Friends 
The next morning, Solomon brought Ichika back to Avenport. 
Sasha did not insist that they stay, knowing that a significant change affecting the family was brewing in the background. So, she wanted to be prepared for it alongside her man. 
As she had expected, Jonathan was discharged a week later, and Sebastian had Devin send him to Aquene Temple. They did not make a stop at Oceanic Estate just so that those who wanted to see Jonathan had no chance to do so. 
With that, the people in Jadeborough speculated that Oceanic Estate had changed hands recently. 
Sasha did not interfere with that. Since Jonathan left, she had been staying home, managing all household matters. Her priority was to take good care of Sebastian. 
Hence, she had no time to entertain all the socialites who wanted to make connections with her. 
Time passed by in the blink of an eye. Soon, it was the end of the year, and Sabrina was almost due. 
With the kids returning home, it kept her super busy. 
“Do you want Wendy to come over and help you?” 
Sebastian felt so sorry for her whenever he came downstairs and witnessed how buried in work she was. 
Wendy?
Upon hearing the familiar name, Sasha shook her head. “No, Wendy should stay with Ichika and take care of her. It’s her first baby. Moreover, her parents aren’t there to help out.” 
“Then…” Sebastian ran out of ideas. 
Indeed, Wendy is too occupied to leave Ichika. The only reliable person among the Jadesons is Colton’s wife, but she’s taking care of Sabrina. Oh dear, we’re truly short-handed. 
Sasha had no choice but to lead the Jadesons in all of its internal affairs. 
Thankfully, everyone in the household followed her lead upon recognizing that the couple was now the head of the Jadesons. With that, they pledged their loyalty and served the family sincerely. 
It was a tremendous relief for both Sebastian and Sasha. 
During winter break, Ian was the first among the triplets to come home. The boy seemed to have grown much taller and lost a lot of weight after leaving for a boarding school for six months. 
Though he still looked as handsome as ever, Sasha’s heart sank seeing his hollow cheeks. 
“Oh dear, why are you so skinny? Was the food that bad? Or were you having trouble looking after yourself?” 
“My oh my, how did our poor Mr. Ian become so scrawny?” 
The housemaids at Oceanic Estate lamented at the sight of Ian. 
Subsequently, they stocked up the groceries and prepared an array of scrumptious dishes to feed him. 
They wanted to fatten him up so badly. 
However, Ian felt fine. In fact, he appeared to be much more optimistic and cheerful now.
“Mommy, can I hang out at my friend’s in two days?” 
“Huh?” Sasha was shocked to the core. 
Did he just ask permission to visit his friend? Alone? 
She could not believe her ears. 
“Sure! Where does your classmate live? Do you need me to drive you there?” 
“No need. My friend’s place is just a stone’s throw away. I can get there by taxi. Oh, by the way, I’d like to prepare a gift too. Mommy, could you please give me some money to spend at the mall this afternoon?” 
Oh my God! 
Sasha was over the moon. 
When she returned to her room on the third floor, she called Sebastian at once. 
“Sebby, I’ve got to tell you this. Ian, he… he…” 
“What happened?” 
Upon receiving the call and hearing the woman start sobbing over the phone, Sebastian postponed the meeting and dashed out of the room, only to realize that it was a false alarm. 
“Ian said that he… wants to hang out at his friend’s. He also asked me for some money to buy a gift at the mall.” 
“That’s all?”
Sebastian did not know whether to laugh or to cry. Nonetheless, he was relieved that nothing untoward had happened. 
Arching her brow, Sasha replied, “Yes, aren’t you overjoyed that he’s changed? He wants to go out and even buy a present! I.. I…” 
“Right, it’s something to celebrate, indeed. I’m glad that we made the right decision back then. Do advise him on things to look out for when he goes to his friend’s house.” 
“Sure, I will!” she promised happily. 
The same day, she passed some money to Ian to go shopping. 
Ian was very prudent. He took only a thousand before heading out. 
Sasha watched him leave, and her heart overflowed with joy. 
Among all the children, Sasha worried for him the most because he was different. Since he was young, he had gone through so much because of his autism. Therefore, the couple put in much effort and gave him a lot of attention. 
Seeing how he had significantly improved in many aspects made Sasha very pleased and put her in such a good mood throughout the day. 
She was seen smiling gleefully around the house. 
Everyone in the household was also very excited to see how much Ian had changed. 
###Chapter 1530
Chapter 1530
Chapter 1530 Something Is Brewing 
Sabrina messaged: Seriously? Sasha, tell him to come over. I want to see him so badly. 
Sasha replied: Sure thing. I’ll tell him that when he’s back. 
Mr. Wand texted: Oh, that’s wonderful! I should pay my grandson a visit soon. 
Old Mr. Jadeson responded: Come and celebrate new year’s eve here. All are welcome. 
Jonathan appeared suddenly in the chat group and made everyone laugh with his proposal. 
Sasha’s eyes glowed upon seeing the message. 
Then, Sasha replied: Oh, we celebrated the new year at Hayes Residence last year. So, let’s gather in Jadeborough this year. Dad, you can bring Lennie. @Solomon, please bring Ichika along. 
Without hesitation, Sasha made it a formal invitation to all. 
Mr. Wand simply messaged: Hmm… 
Devin responded: Great idea! Sabrina is due around the same time. So, you guys can see the baby when you come over. 
Sabrina messaged: Deliver on new year’s eve? No way! I want it out after the new year! 
Even though they were chatting virtually, everyone else could imagine how exasperated the man was.
Nonetheless, everyone was looking forward to the upcoming meet-up. Solomon was at the office when he read the text. When he got home and saw his pregnant wife, he sought her opinion right away. 
“Of course! It’s going to be fun. I really want to go, Darling,” she expressed her desire eagerly, to which Solomon agreed to spend the new year in Jadeborough. 
Sasha started making preparations days ahead. She could not wait to have a jolly great time with her loved ones. 
As for Ian, he had been keeping himself occupied ever since the day he came home with a box of marker pens. He would either go out for a walk or spend time at his friend’s house. 
Sometimes, his friend would visit Oceanic Estate too. 
Sasha found out that his friend was actually Duncan. 
“Ian, why did you gift him a box of marker pens? Is he still drawing?” 
Sasha pulled her son aside and asked when she saw the innocent boy visiting their home again. 
I recall him being a chemistry genius. Why does he need so many markers? 
Upon hearing the question, Ian whipped out a realistic-looking comic from his desk. 
“What do you think, Mommy?” 
“Whoa!” Sasha was stunned at how magnificent the drawing was. 
“It’s terrific! Did he draw this?” 
“Yes. He loves drawing, but his family can’t afford the materials. I know that he really wants a box of marker pens, so I gave it to him as a present. He’s brilliant, Mommy.”
The last line beautifully captured Ian’s adoration toward Duncan’s capabilities. 
It was not easy for someone so intelligent as Ian, who was already the cream of the crop, to find a person he would recognize as a friend. The reason would only be that the person was related to him or the person wowed him with an innate talent. 
Sasha could not help but give Duncan a once-over. 
She was really curious about his family background, considering that his son was so impressed with the boy. 
Then, she left them alone, not wanting to disturb. 
Soon, Matteo and Vivian came home as well. 
Matteo attended the military academy, so Devin brought him back as soon as the holidays began. As for Vivian, Sasha went to the airport and fetched her personally. 
“Mommy!” 
The little girl, who had also grown taller, cast her suitcase aside and threw herself into her mother’s arms the moment she saw her at the airport. 
The boy who landed with her was left behind. Slowly, he carried the suitcases with both hands and approached the duo. 
“Mrs. Hayes.” 
Right then, Sasha released her daughter, and their gazes met. 
After addressing her timidly, the boy lowered his gaze. His lashes were so long and thick like a fan.
“You must be tired. Come, let’s get the car,” Sasha urged. 
“Okay!” Vivian flashed a grin. 
Sasha thought that her beloved daughter would glue herself to her the entire time. 
Unexpectedly, the girl turned around, wrapped her arms around Kurt’s, and hopped around like a bunny as they left for the parking lot. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
This heartless girl. Does she not want her mommy dearest anymore? 
Feeling amused, she tagged along and trailed behind the duo. 
It was super lively at Oceanic Estate when all the children were back at once. In addition, Matteo and Vivian were the active ones and gave Sasha lots of headaches. 
“Vivi, can you and Matteo go play somewhere else? I need to tally the accounts.” 
“All right, Mommy,” she complied. 
However, the two were frolicking around and returned to the same spot in a flash. This girl and her brother can’t be tamed, can they? 
Sasha was almost driven crazy by the kids. 
“Vivi, have you completed your artwork? The due date is tomorrow.” 
Suddenly, an indifferent male voice rang out and interrupted the children’s boisterous laughter. 
###Chapter 1531
Chapter 1531
Chapter 1531 Kurt Left 
“Huh?” 
The duo stopped playing and turned their heads to the person approaching them. 
It was Kurt. 
Sulking, Vivian was rather unwilling to do her work. 
Much to Matteo’s surprise, Kurt approached them, held Vivian’s hand, and took her away without hesitation. 
Tsk! 
Eventually, Matteo left the scene too. 
Half an hour later, Vivian was seen acting like a rascal in the study. She was in no mood to do her homework at all. 
“Kurt, I don’t want to do this. Can I work on it later tonight?” 
“Sonia texted to say that she has submitted her work,” he replied casually without lifting his eyes. 
Vivian cursed in her heart. Bad Sonia… Well, I have no choice but to continue with my work then. 
She continued working until nightfall. Meanwhile, Sasha had also finished tabulating the accounts too. Massaging her arms, Vivian watched as the artwork was taken away to be photographed.
“Aren’t you heading home, Kurt?” 
“Hmm?” Kurt was uploading the images of her work for submission. 
A pair of dreamy eyes shot her a glance, and Vivian quickly averted his gaze. 
“Um… Nothing. I’m going downstairs to play.” Subsequently, she raced downstairs like an animal released into the wild. 
The boy stayed rooted to the spot until Vivian’s footsteps could no longer be heard. 
He then slowly took his seat and clenched his fists. 
He knew that she was very playful and disliked being restrained, especially during the holidays. 
Go home? Where to? Where’s my home? 
That evening, Kurt sat by himself for a very long time. 
A few days later, Sebastian finally had some time to himself. 
Upon returning to Oceanic Estate, he went to see Kurt first and asked, “Are you going to SteelFort?” 
Bowing his head, Kurt clasped his hands tightly. 
Sebastian continued, “You can stay here if you don’t want to go. I just thought that it’d been a while since you last trained. Do you need to hone your skills? If you remain stagnant, knowing Mr. Frost, he might kick you out of the team.” 
“I’ll go!” 
With that, Kurt made up his mind to leave Oceanic Estate that night when everyone was fast asleep.
It was not until the following noon that Vivian noticed it. 
“Went home? Did he go back on his own? Or um… Did his parents come to get him?” she stuttered, recalling what she said yesterday. 
Sasha quickly explained, “He went back by himself, but rest assured that he’s fine. Your daddy was the one who arranged his transport.” 
She thought that her daughter was worried about Kurt’s safety, so she emphasized what Sebastian did. 
Vivian paled instantly when she learned that Kurt left at his own will. 
Is he upset? That’s why he insisted on leaving even at an ungodly hour? 
Vivian was dejected. In the following days, she was not up for any games and only lingered around in the study, looking glum. 
Matteo came and checked in on his sister. 
“Vivi, what’s up? Why aren’t you playing with me these few days?” 
Before she could say anything, tears had already welled up in her eyes. 
Seeing so, Matteo panicked and quickly comforted his sister, “Don’t cry. What happened exactly? What made you all teary?” 
Vivian broke the silence after being consoled. “The other day… Kurt was so strict with me, so… so I asked him to go home. Is he mad at me? What do you think?” 
“What?” Matteo was flabbergasted.
I was wondering why Kurt left abruptly. So, this is the reason why. But I doubt he was crossed. Though he’s always been faintly aloof and distant, he’s been quite nice toward Vivi. 
Hence, Matteo dismissed the speculation. 
“I doubt it. Don’t overthink things. It’s almost the festive season, so it’s only natural that he went home. Have you forgotten? Daddy and Mommy have said before that he comes from a big family. I’m sure that his parents are looking forward to seeing him.” 
“Really?” 
All of a sudden, the girl’s eyes lit up with hope. 
Matteo bobbed his head. “Yes, don’t be so sad. He’s coming back after the festivity, right? If it still bothers you by then, apologize to him when you see him.” 
The last sentence was crucial; it immediately cheered Vivian up. 
Subsequently, she was back to her usual self, deciding to apologize to Kurt when he returned. 
However, something disappointing happened. Even after Jonathan got down from the mountains, Solomon and Rufus arrived from Avenport, and even after Sabrina had given birth, there were no traces of Kurt. Vivian had been waiting for a long time. 
“Mommy, when is Kurt returning? The holidays are drawing to a close, and it’s almost time for school to reopen.” 
“Huh?” Sasha had been so busy with Sabrina’s newborn that she had completely neglected her daughter. 
“I’m not sure. Let me go ask your daddy, okay?” comforted Sasha.
Then, she headed to look for Sebastian. 
Much to her bewilderment, Sebastian actually told her that Kurt might not return at all. 
###Chapter 1532
Chapter 1532
Chapter 1532 Akin To Calvin 
“Why isn’t he coming back? Did his parents refuse him?” 
Sasha was not aware of Kurt’s identity. Thus, in her mind, she automatically assumed that his terrible family had barred him from returning. 
Sebastian shook his head. 
After a slight pause, he said briefly, “He’s gone to study at another place. The Royal Academy isn’t suitable for him.” 
Sasha was totally baffled. 
What? Not suitable for him? But he’s been there for one whole semester. Why is this so sudden? 
She heaved a wistful sigh. 
Then again, the students at the Royal Academy are carefully selected from all over the country. They are the future pillars of the nation. What can be said further if he thinks that the academy is not for him? 
Sasha had no choice but to convey the message to Vivian. 
“Vivi, well… Daddy mentioned that Kurt has transferred to another school. The Royal Academy isn’t meant for him.” 
“Why is that so?”
Her big, round eyes misted over as soon as she heard the news, causing Sasha’s heart to ache terribly. 
She patted her daughter’s head and explained, “He’s a talent that Daddy is developing to make great contributions to the country in the future. So, he can’t really learn much from your academy. Therefore, Daddy has arranged something better for him elsewhere.” 
Vivian asked in a quavering voice, “Is he at Ian’s training base?” 
Sasha nodded lightly. “That might be the case. Anyhow, chin up and dry your tears. I’ll lookout for any other pals for you, okay?” 
Vivian did not respond. She just sat there, letting the tears streak her face profusely. 
She felt so miserable, as though a part of her went missing. 
Kurt… 
Another week passed, and Vivian still did not see the boy she was hoping to meet. 
When it was about time for her to board the plane, she requested, “Mommy, if you get to see him, could you ask him to call me, please? I… I want to apologize to him.” 
As Sasha agreed, Vivian placed a small item into her mother’s palm. 
Ten minutes later, when Sasha saw the flight had taken off, she opened her palm, only to realize that Vivian had handed her an exquisite necklace. 
It was made of blue turquoise with diamonds crafted in the form of a pair of wings on the side. At one glance, it looked just like a mighty eagle spreading its gorgeous wings, ready to fly. 
Aww… It breaks my heart to see how thoughtful this girl is.
Although she was very sad about Kurt’s departure, she pulled herself together and handcrafted such a beautiful necklace for him. 
Her desire is for Kurt to unleash his talents and soar high like an eagle, right? 
Sasha brought the necklace home and showed it to Sebastian that night. 
“This is Vivi’s present for Kurt. You know which school he’s in, don’t you? Please pass it to him, will you?” Sasha felt terrible that they had to part ways in this manner. After all, she really liked Kurt. 
Sebastian scrutinized the necklace. Besides the expensive materials used, one could tell how much effort Vivian had put into designing her creation. Her skills were excellent. 
The more he looked at it, the more irritated he became. 
Hmph! Many around me have enjoyed her gifts, whereas I, her father, haven’t received anything. What gives? 
Anyhow, Sebastian still arranged for someone to send the precious necklace to SteelFort. 
When the present arrived, Karl was training Kurt in the thick snow. It was just right after the new year, so the temperature was still frigid in Avenport. The snow at SteelFort even piled up to several inches high. 
“Does it still hurt?” he asked the boy who was standing in front of a wall of rocks. 
All colors had drained from Kurt’s face. 
Yet, he was resolute in his reply after taking a glance at his master. “Not anymore.” 
Karl nodded satisfactorily at his answer.
Then, he tossed a dart out, and a cold glint flashed in the biting cold. The next moment, the boy with a metal cable wrapped around his waist made a fierce lunge for the wall of rocks. 
Like a leopard, he was extremely agile and fast. 
He managed to dodge more than a dozen darts and emerged unscathed from the challenge. 
For a teenager, his skills were very impressive! 
The member of SteelFort who came to deliver the necklace was shocked to witness Kurt’s prowess. “Mr. Frost, he’s amazing!” 
“He’s nearly there if compared to Calvin back then…” 
He could not bring himself to continue his speech upon mentioning that name. 
The other member knew exactly who he was talking about. Swiftly, he dropped the topic and handed over the delivery. 
“Mr. Hayes has instructed this parcel to be sent from Jadeborough to that young guy.” He pointed at Kurt, who was training hard at that time. 
Hmm? Karl was rather surprised. 
When he took a peek and saw that it was a necklace, a smirk settled upon his face subconsciously. 
“This must be from Vivi, that little girl.” 
“Huh? How do you know, Mr. Frost?” 
###Chapter 1533
Chapter 1533
Chapter 1533 In Labor 
“Of course I do. When we were escaping back then, this girl kept following Calvin and made him many things. I think she still keeps a necklace as a memento. Oh, it was made from the pearl from the hairpin that Calvin found for her.” 
As Sebastian’s long-time subordinate, Karl’s thoughts wandered when he spoke about the past. 
The member asked further, “Hmm… Why do you think that Mr. Hayes sent Kurt back to SteelFort? Doesn’t Ms. Vivian need someone by her side?” 
“Can’t you tell that the situation has changed? Since Old Mr. Jadeson washed his hands off everything, the people in Jadeborough have been following Mr. Hayes’ lead. With him being in the center of utmost power and authority, he has probably started making contingency plans. People’s hearts are often unfathomable. If anything happens to him, he wants to make sure that his family is secured at all costs. I bet Kurt is trained to protect the three children.” 
The member’s expression changed. He was taken aback by the conjectures of the top man at SteelFort. 
Mr. Hayes won’t be here anymore? How is that possible? He’s at his prime age, and he’s the epitome of invincibility. How could anything happen to him? 
That particular member found it really hard to believe. 
However, that was the reality. Since the beginning of the year, the men at SteelFort had been undergoing very aggressive training. Apart from that, Sebastian had also been building a secret group consisting of
almost a thousand elites at the military base camp. 
This particular troop had been summoned to SteelFort and was ready to take on any challenges. 
At the thought of that, the member was stunned. That’s insane! No wonder everyone was in tip-top shape! 
Yet, these were kept under wraps. Besides Sebastian and the people at SteelFort, none of the outsiders knew such details. This included Solomon, the current man behind Hayes Corporation, who also had the power to give orders to SteelFort. 
He had no clue what was going on internally, mainly because he had his hands full at the moment when Ichika was about to give birth anytime soon. 
He had been on the trot every day, juggling between the company and household affairs. 
Hence, he had no time to pay special attention to these matters. 
Time flew by, and it was already midsummer. The time had come for Ichika to go into labor. 
“Darling, Mom, I’m… I’m scared…” 
Being in her early twenties, she had no fear about anything in life but the process of delivering a baby. At that critical moment, Ichika teared up while holding tightly onto the hands of her husband as well as her mother, who came all the way from Jetroina. 
To say that she was petrified was an understatement. 
Seeing how terrified she was, Solomon, the first-time father, fretted even more. 
Thankfully, Aoi was calm. “Everything’s going to be just fine. You’ll be out in no time. It was the same for me when I gave birth to you two. Don’t worry. It’s going to be a fast one,” she consoled her.
Ichika was dubious. “Really?” 
Aoi assured her, “Of course! If you’re really scared to your wits, then… Mr. Akiyama, would you like to accompany her inside?” 
Huh? 
Solomon was not ready for this. 
Can I enter? 
Conflicted, he felt happy that he could be with his wife all the way, but at the same time, he was worried that he might not be able to take it if the process was too difficult for Ichika. 
In the end, he decided to enter the labor room and be that man she needed the most. 
After more than ten hours of ordeal, the couple finally came out around six in the evening. They broke the news in the chat group to the Hayeses. 
Solomon messaged: Our new bundle of joy has arrived. It’s a boy, 6.8 pounds. 
Sabrina replied: That’s awesome! 
She had been patiently waiting for the entire day. The moment she received the terrific news, she forgot about her son, who she was breastfeeding, as she was glued to the phone. 
Sasha texted: Congratulations, Solomon! Be a good father and an even greater husband to Ichika, okay? 
Solomon responded immediately: Yes! 
Mr. Wand asked: The baby’s here? I’m heading to the hospital now.
Solomon replied: Sure, Mr. Wand. We’re at the maternity ward, number 26. 
Devin texted: Splendid! It’s a boy too. Our kids can be playmates. 
Sabrina replied: No, Hubby, I need to go to Avenport. 
Devin commented: Huh? Then, what about our son? You’re still breastfeeding. 
Everyone was at a loss for words upon reading the couple’s conversation. 
The chat group had never been merrier. Everyone was completely immersed in that blissful moment of welcoming a new life into the family. 
After chatting, Sasha felt a little exasperated that her man was the only one who did not respond to any of the messages. Recently, he had been quite out of touch with everyone, be it with her personally or in the chat group. 
She could not resist the urge anymore. So, she decided to visit him that very day. 
The weather was scorching hot during summer. It was the same in Jadeborough. As she drove her way to the company, the unbearable heat washed over her, making her feel suffocated. 
“Hi, Mrs. Jadeson,” the security guard at the main building bowed and greeted her politely. 
The couple’s status in Jadeborough was unrivaled by any other family. Wherever she went, she received significant recognition and respect from those who knew her. 
Then, Sasha entered the building. 
Just as she had predicted, Sebastian was in and out of meetings. It was already late in the afternoon, but he still did not even have a chance to take a sip of water.
###Chapter 1534
Chapter 1534
Chapter 1534 Slander 
What kind of a lifestyle is this? 
Sasha did not know much about Sebastian’s work, but she could see how exhausted he was every single day. He would literally fall asleep as soon as he hit the bed. In addition, he always wore a frown any time of the day. 
He also seemed to have gotten a lot thinner. 
“How is it? Has he signed yours?” 
“Not yet. It’s been two days, but I’m still queueing for my turn.” 
Just then, she overheard some chatters outside of the office. 
Tilting her head to take a peek, Sasha saw that two men dressed in suits were waiting in line to discuss business with Sebastian. 
Their grim expressions said it all. 
“Me too. Actually, I find it strange that we must all get his approval when he’s not representing the White House. Why must it be this way since he has decided to stay here instead of working at the White House?” 
“Shh!” the other man gestured to the first guy to lower his voice. 
“Beware, walls do have ears. It’s fine that you’re telling me this, but never say a word elsewhere.”
“I…” 
“I know that you’re dissatisfied, but there’s no other way to get through this. He’s the man who has all the power—whatever he says goes. White House? Hmph! That’s just his marionette.” 
Soon, more nasty things were said as the duo continued to gossip. 
Hearing all those awful comments, Sasha felt a wave of fury surge within her. She clenched her fists so tightly that her knuckles turned white. 
Marionette? He treats the White House as his mere puppet? How could they utter such nonsense? Ever since Grandpa’s retirement, he’s been shouldering all these responsibilities and careful planning to ensure that the foreign countries aren’t preying on us. Had it not been for his selfless love for the nation, he wouldn’t want to swamp himself with endless work! 
Livid, Sasha was on the verge of bursting. 
In the end, she suppressed her anger and remained inside the office to wait for Sebastian. 
When he got back to the room, she started chatting with him. 
“Sebby, how long do you plan to work? Ichika delivered a baby boy this afternoon. When are you free? Let’s go back to Avenport.” 
“Oh, the baby has arrived?” 
He was having a headache after back-to-back meetings. 
Sasha replied, “Yes, Solomon posted some updates in the group chat. So, when will you have time?” 
“Not now; I still have my hands full. Go ahead if you want to pay them a visit. I’ll get Mark to take care of all household matters in your absence.”
He doesn’t intend to stop working, does he? Even worse, he’s asking me to go back all by myself! 
Finally, Sasha could not stand it anymore and erupted like a volcano. She stood up and strode forward to meet his eyes. 
“Why are you so busy? Sebastian, you’ve lost your marbles. In the past, you were never like this. You could never be bothered about things that didn’t concern you. But, take a look at yourself now. You’re assuming all sorts of responsibilities and biting more than you can chew. Are you planning on resolving every single matter in this country before handing it over to someone else on a silver platter? Do people actually appreciate that?” 
Her sudden outburst made him pause and put his pen down. 
He lifted his head and looked at the woman who went ballistic. Shocked and confused, he definitely did not see it coming. 
“Darling, you…” 
Upon realizing her blow-up at Sebastian, she muttered, “I’m sorry. I just… I just feel that not everyone will be grateful for the things you do for them. We’re just ordinary people. There’s no need to push ourselves to the limit.” 
She avoided his gaze. Her eyes were red-rimmed because of her rage and grievances. 
That’s right. I think that it’s an outright humiliation when others insult his hard work poured out for the nation by doubting his motive and sincerity. This is unforgivable! 
Sebastian understood where she was coming from. He put his pen down, rose from his seat, and went over to her. 
“I’m sorry for putting you through these slanders.”
He hugged her from the back and rested his chin on her collar bone. 
Slander? 
Sasha’s heart skipped a beat. 
“You… You know about it?” 
“Of course, who did you take me for? Anyhow, don’t listen to any of the unwholesome talks. I’m doing all these to make sure that the earlier efforts put in wouldn’t go to waste. Think about how many lives had been sacrificed to get this nation to where it is right now.” 
“Therefore?” 
“Therefore, I must create a strategic plan and set up defenses. At the very least, I need to ensure that those who have been eyeing to get a slice of the pie won’t stand a chance to do so in the absence of Jonathan when we leave this place. What do you think?” he explained gently. 
Then, he turned her around and planted a kiss on her lips. 
He seldom did that because Sasha was always the smart and rational one. She must have lost her patience today. 
As expected, her mood got better after being consoled by her husband. 
“But you must have your guard up. There have been too many rumors and slanders lately, and these aren’t working to your advantage. What if the people at the White House pick it up? Will they suspect you or be displeased at what they might hear?” 
“Does he have the right to do so?”
Suddenly, his expression turned cold and aloof again. 
“It’s been a while since Jonathan relinquished his position, and look at what’s going on in the political scene now. If he thinks for himself, he’d better sit quietly and enjoy the results I bring him. Otherwise, he will be the first on the list to be replaced!” 
At that moment, a figure appeared outside of the office and then went out of sight in a flash. 
###Chapter 1535
Chapter 1535
Chapter 1535 Changes 
Sasha left the man to continue his work thereafter. 
Since he had updated her about his plans, she wanted to trust him with all her heart. 
With that, Sasha attended the party Solomon threw to welcome his baby alongside Devin and Sabrina. Captivated by the fun atmosphere at the party, and also because she had not been back for ages, she decided to stay for a while. 
Ten days later, Devin called her from Jadeborough right when she was about to make a trip home. 
“Sasha, are you heading back?” 
Sasha froze for a second before answering, “Yes, I’ve been here for too long. What’s up? Anything I can help you with?” 
Devin told her everything. “Yes. Can you check in on Sab and bring her home with you? Nowadays, she anchors herself at Avenport and doesn’t want to come back. Please persuade her. See when she is traveling and tag along.” 
This is somewhat funny yet ridiculous. A military man is asking me for a favor because his wife refuses to go home. 
Sasha could not resist feeling amused. 
In the end, she agreed to lend a hand.
When she arrived at Hillside Villa, the first thing she spotted was a busy figure in the garden. Dressed in a pair of stilettos, Sabrina was holding her son on one arm while teaching the new mom, Ichika, how to change diapers. 
Sasha couldn’t help but sigh. I feel tired just by seeing that. 
“Sab, your son just threw up some milk.” 
“Oh?” 
Upon being prompted, the woman then hugged her son and hurried into the living room to fix him. 
Oh my, she’s truly a legend of some sort. I now find Devin super impressive. In the absence of an elderly person at home, he’s able to tackle everything by himself, with some occasional help from Sigrith. 
Sasha waited for Sabrina to clean her baby before bringing up the matter. 
“Sab, let’s go back to Jadeborough. Jaena is there. Are you going to neglect her that long?” 
“She has her dad with her. Don’t worry about it. Go ahead if you want to head back. It was too boring for me to stay home all the time, so I roamed around with other moms. Who knew people would recognize me and keep calling me Mrs. Jadeson wherever I went! It made me so uneasy. I feel much better staying here with Ichika and her newborn. This is perfect!” she declined right away. 
Sasha hesitated. She wanted to convince Sabrina further but was distracted by the latter’s grim expression. 
In the end, she gave up. 
Fine, I’ll accompany her here for a couple more days. 
Sasha dismissed her plan to return to Jadeborough and updated Sebastian via a text message.
Three mornings later, she felt that something was off. 
It was already August then, supposedly the season of sweet osmanthus. 
“Are you buying gold? The youngsters nowadays prefer diamonds to gold.” 
“What do you know? The situation is very different now. If there’s another political upheaval like what happened three years ago, having gold as an asset is the safest and most secured investment.” 
Sasha was at a jewelry shop when she overheard an old couple exchanging their opinions. 
She was there to collect a bracelet meant for Solomon’s baby as a welcome gift. Time was not on her side when she attended the party. So, she did not get to prepare any gift then and wanted to pick out something at Avenport. 
Why is the couple making references to the uproar three years ago? 
Sasha found it funny, so she chimed in, “Don’t worry, sir. Nothing like that will ever happen. Just go ahead and select pieces that the younger generations fancy.” 
The old man’s eyes darted to her, followed by an expression of doubt on his face. 
“Madam, this is where you’re wrong. See, even the Jadesons are not spared. Do you really think that the chance of this happening again is slim? Let me tell you; everyone is already panicking and getting ready for the worse to come.” 
Sasha’s mind went blank. 
The Jadesons? What happened? Why didn’t I hear anything about it? 
She knew at that instant that something was not right.
Ignoring the gold bracelet, she took her phone and left the jewelry shop at once. 
“Hello? Oh, Mrs. Jadeson. Mr. Jadeson is not available at the moment. Do you want to leave him a message?” It was Mark who picked up the call. 
It suddenly dawned on her that she had not heard Sebastian’s voice for some time now. Apart from the first few days when she arrived in Avenport, he had not contacted her once. 
Sasha shuddered at that thought. 
“Where is he? Bring him the phone. I want to hear from him now.” 
“Uh…” Mark started to falter. 
The more he stammered, the faster her heart pounded. 
Holding onto her phone, she quickened her steps out of the mall, flagged down a cab, and went straight to the airport. 
She was put on hold for ten minutes, only to hear Mark coming up with more excuses to pacify her. In the end, he hung up. 
“I’m so sorry, Mrs. Jadeson. Mr. Jadeson has left the office. I’m afraid he’s out for a meeting. Shall I ask him to return your call later?” 
“Sure.” That was all she could say. 
An hour later, the flight that she boarded took off to Jadeborough. 
###Chapter 1536
Chapter 1536
Chapter 1536 Insult 
After three peaceful years, it never crossed Sasha’s mind that their family would go through another turmoil. 
She had completely lost herself in the tranquil and blissful moments until the day finally arrived. 
Upon landing, she tracked his smartphone location and traveled there immediately. 
Much to her surprise, she discovered that the place was none other than the thousand-year-old temple hidden in the mountains. 
Why? Why is he here? What happened to him? 
Sasha stumbled her way into the temple. Passing by fumes of sandalwood smoke and following the faint chanting voices, she found herself at the gate of the main hall. She looked across it and saw Shin sitting on the floor with his legs crossed. 
Sensing her presence, he took a side glance at her. 
Sasha was in extreme shock when their eyes met. 
With just one glance, she saw a usually nonchalant gaze shrouded in gloom. 
Her mind went blank, and she collapsed onto the ground. 
When Sasha regained her consciousness, it was already nightfall.
She opened her bleary eyes and saw the warm orange lights in the ever-familiar meditation abode. She moved slowly, trying to prop herself up. 
“You’re awake?” Devin asked as he rushed over to assist her. 
Sasha looked straight into his eyes and queried, “What happened to him?” 
He said nothing. 
After a long pause, Devin stood by her bed and broke the silence. “When he was driving home one night, he passed by a tunnel. Suddenly, the walls caved in and buried him. Since the moment he was brought to safety, he has never… never woken up.” 
“What?” 
The news came as a bombshell, leaving a ghastly Sasha slumped against the bed. She could not utter a single word for the longest time. 
The walls caved in all of a sudden? How come? Why didn’t it happen at any other time but when he was driving through it? 
Bursting into tears, she wailed hysterically. Her mind was all over the place, and she seemed to lose her sanity gradually. 
“The walls collapsed? That’s a planned murder! There is no coincidence in this world. Did the people from the White House do it? Is it them? Those useless bastards! How could they harm him just because he’s more capable?” she bellowed in rage as she struggled to get off the bed, wanting to take revenge on those people. 
Devin stopped her with all his might. 
“Calm down, Sasha. It’s not what you think.”
“It’s not? Then, what is it? Is it a real accident? Let me tell you, Devin. When I was at his office the other day, I heard the gossip with my own ears. Those pieces of trash were displeased with him. I tried to persuade him to get out of it, but he wanted to stabilize the political situation first. What gives? Why did they do this to him? Aren’t they afraid of karma?” she kept roaring furiously. 
Battling with the suffocating thought that Sebastian was harmed intentionally, she channeled all of her frustration into an endless scream. 
Her heart ached so badly that her eyes turned bloodshot red. 
Those people are the real monsters. They have totally forgotten about the price that the Jadesons have to pay in order to trade for the halcyon days that lasted this long. Why did they do this to him? Don’t they know that he’s the one holding the fort? These people should go to hell! 
Shortly after, Sasha cried herself unconscious. 
Upon receiving the news, Jonathan and the rest of the family rushed over to see her. Subsequently, they locked the door, fearing that she would do something aggressive out of anger. 
Devin asked, “Grandpa?” 
Jonathan replied, “Let’s go down the mountain. I thought I could spend the rest of my days in this serene place happily, but apparently, they didn’t want me to. Fine, I shall grant them their final wish!” 
Though Jonathan was already pushing ninety, he still exuded an intimidating aura, especially when he uttered the last line through gritted teeth under the dim light. 
Then, Devin left with him, leaving Shin behind to take care of the couple. 
Ironically, the young man who used to chat over a cup of tea with him was now lying motionless on the bed while being plugged into a ventilator. Next to him was a complete set of surveillance devices.
The entire meditation abode had been transformed into a well-equipped room filled with technologies. 
Sasha, who was locked in the room next to his, was asleep after she fainted. 
In the evening, a coup took place. 
When the news about what had happened to Sebastian went viral, the entire military base started getting ready to oust him from power. 
However, it did not take long before Jonathan personally led Devin to destroy that bunch of useless pricks. 
It was an irony. 
Just like what Sasha had lamented, the Jadesons fought their best three years ago to trade for the peace they could now enjoy. Yet, three years later, this precious tranquility was ruined in the hands of incapable rulers. 
Sebastian, Sasha, and their family almost died defending themselves in the chaos. Never in a million years would they have imagined this was how the White House would repay the Jadesons. 
After dissolving the army, Jonathan headed straight into the congress hall. 
“Lo and behold, I, Jonathan Jadeson, am still alive and kicking! It has only been days since I went up to the mountains, so how dare you lay your dirty fingers on my grandson? Are you really thinking that our time is up? That it’s the end of an era after three years in power? Dream on! I’ll show you who’s the boss.” 
With that, Jonathan pulled the trigger without hesitation and put a bullet through the head of the President! 
###Chapter 1537
Chapter 1537
Chapter 1537 In The Blink Of An Eye 
Everyone present was dumbfounded. 
None dared to comment anything because they were all besieged by the Jadesons’ army. 
Just like that, a political warfare ended in a breeze. 
Next, Jonathan started reshuffling positions at the White House like how he used to strategize and organize his own army. Everyone was terrified of his ruthlessness. 
Within a couple of days, the whole political scene was thoroughly changed and begun anew. 
Honestly speaking, Sebastian was not as excellent as his grandfather in terms of politics. The main reason was that he utterly loathed it. Additionally, Jonathan was a seasoned veteran who had decades of experience in politics. He knew everything about the power games, like the back of his palm. 
Finally, the crisis was resolved. 
Meanwhile, it took a few days for Sasha to calm down, but she had eventually made peace with the new reality. 
She pleaded for Shin to unlock her door, which he did. Then, she went to the next room and started taking care of the unconscious man. 
“Let Sebastian stay and recuperate here, for the weather in the mountains is nice.” 
“Will he wake up?” Jonathan was curious.
Shin lifted his head and anticipated a positive response from the doctor. 
However, Grayson suppressed his urge to reveal the truth and said nothing. Actually, the only reason why he’s still breathing is that he’s put on a ventilator. So, the chance of him recovering is very slim. 
By the time Solomon arrived at SteelFort, the people there were long gone, except for Karl. 
“Mr. Solomon, we might not be able to serve you further. Mr. Hayes has met with a mishap, and we’re unsure when he will come. The people here at SteelFort have been divided into four teams. Apart from the three children, the rest of them have been assigned to protect Mr. and Mrs. Hayes.” 
Karl was downcast. 
It was his second time seeing Sebastian going through yet another traumatic experience. 
If the first time was attributed to the fact that he was an immature rookie, then this time is definitely a consequence of his great capacities and heavy responsibilities. None of these is his fault, so he shouldn’t be blamed. 
Tears glistened Solomon’s eyes as he looked across at the vacant hall. Moments later, he continued, “It’s okay. I have other staff. But, what about you? Where are you heading to next?” 
“My priority is to keep Old Mr. Jadeson safe. This was the instruction from Mr. Hayes previously. They have all landed themselves right at the center of the political quandary, and things can change any minute of the day. With Old Mr. Jadeson getting on in age and Mr. Devin being out of reach most of the time at the military base, I need to watch out for him.” 
“Right, I got it.” Solomon nodded his head solemnly. 
It once again proved that he would never be as good a strategist as Sebastian.
Does it mean that he has anticipated this ‘planned accident’? Otherwise, he wouldn’t have made all these detailed arrangements down to their nitty-gritty. 
As such, Solomon returned to Hayes Corporation. 
Since then, there was peace in the nation, with Jonathan and Devin formally taking over the driver’s seat. On the other hand, Sasha stayed in the mountains to take care of Sebastian, who was still in a coma, whereas the children continued their studies at their respective campuses. 
Time flew by quickly. In the blink of an eye, three years had passed. 
“Mommy, my graduation is just around the corner. Are you attending the ceremony?” 
Vivian, who was studying in Yartran, had now turned into a fine young lady. 
Since Sebastian’s accident, she had become very thoughtful and obedient. She often called Sasha from overseas and seldom burdened her with unnecessary trouble. 
This was a rare occasion where she called to ask for a favor. 
Before answering the phone, Sasha was giving Sebastian a massage. She had to keep his muscles active so that they would not shrink and become weak if he ever woke up. 
She stepped out of the room when she saw that Vivian was calling. 
“Oh, really? Which day is that?” 
“It’s the day after tomorrow, Mommy. Do you have time to swing by?” a crisp voice asked pleadingly. 
But the day after tomorrow is…
Sasha thought about the bed of marigold that she had planted. It was already in full bloom, and the best time to pluck the flower buds for medicinal use was two days later. Otherwise, it would have no effect at all. 
Sasha paused. 
“Mommy, are you planning on picking up some herbs for Daddy on that day? That’s fine; go ahead then. I’ll attend the ceremony with my friends.” 
The intelligent girl could tell that her mother was in a dilemma, so she made the final call and eased her mother out of her misery. 
Tearing up, Sasha felt so bad. 
“I’m so sorry, Vivi. I haven’t been taking good care of you these past few years.” 
Vivian comforted her mother, “It’s okay, Mommy. I can call Uncle Solomon or Aunt Ichika and check if they have the time to come over. Don’t take it to heart, okay?” 
Oh yes, there are always Solomon and Ichika. 
Sasha was relieved when she heard the two names. 
The couple had been giving them so much support over the years. Whenever the kids had issues in their studies, either Solomon or Ichika would step in and lend a hand. 
When the day came for Sasha to pick the herbs, she carried her basket and went deep into the mountains. 
Over the years, she had been carefully trying out various methods, herbal remedies, and even acupuncture on Sebastian. As a result, his body temperature started to regulate better, and his pulse was also more stable.
“Sebby, I’m certain that you will regain consciousness soon. Right?” 
Before setting off, she planted a kiss on his forehead. 
###Chapter 1538
Chapter 1538
Chapter 1538 Someone Likes Her 
The graduation that Vivian was referring to was merely a ceremony that marked the end of her junior high school. According to the education system in Yartran, the sixteen-year-old girl would enter high school in the following semester. 
Hence, it was customary for schools to hold a ceremony for their students at that juncture. 
Vivian was ready with her graduation artwork when Sonia approached her. 
The latter was so impressed that she kept gawking at her baniere. 
“Wow, Vivi! Is this your masterpiece for the graduation ceremony? It’s so gorgeous. Is it a traditional costume?” 
“Yes!” 
Vivian was all smiles when her best friend sang praises to her. 
Her work was inspired by an old photo where she saw her great-grandmother wearing a baniere for the first time in her life. 
She was glad to finally have the opportunity to design one on her own after so many years. 
Pure admiration and adoration were written all over Sonia’s face as she admired the grand costume closely. 
Moments later, her expression changed into a worried look.
“Vivi, although this is a wonderful showpiece, the principal mentioned that the winning entry will be worn by Lady Adalyn. But, yours…” 
Oh, that’s right. The day of our graduation is also Lady Adalyn’s birthday. 
As one of the shareholders of the academy, Adalyn had announced that she would wear the winning piece to her birthday party in order to motivate the students. 
No doubt, it was an honorable gesture to the school and its students. However, Vivian felt indifferent about it. 
“It’s not a big deal. Lady Adalyn has always been very open-minded and fair in her judgment. So, if I win, rest assured that she’ll like my cultural costume as much as I do.” 
Vivian was very confident in herself, leaving Sonia speechless. 
After keeping her artwork, she planned to buy some pearls to make a necklace. A pearl necklace will accentuate the model’s neckline and complement the costume. 
While she was on her way to the shop, she ran into an acquaintance. 
“Yo, Vivian. Doing some last-minute shopping?” the person mocked, thinking that Vivian was getting some materials at the eleventh hour to finish her design. 
The person was none other than Helena, her rival. 
She was a bully three years ago but stopped her despicable acts when Sebastian visited the school. Ever since Sebastian was in a coma, she started showing her true colors again. 
Though she did not dare to take action against Vivian, she had never stopped pestering her in different ways.
Helena was also Vivian’s biggest opponent in the competition. 
Refusing to engage in a fight with Helena, Vivian pursed her lips, ready to storm off. 
Her actions angered Helena, who then blocked her way out. The latter wanted to find out more about Vivian’s submitting entry. 
Right then, a tall hunk with a handsome face appeared. 
“Vivian, where are you going?” 
It was Dwayne, the most talented student in the academy. He was also regarded as the heartthrob of many girls at school. 
Helena’s face darkened while Vivian stopped in her tracks, gazing at the approaching figure. 
“I was about to go purchase some materials. Anything, Dwayne?” she answered softly and politely. 
Upon hearing so, his deep blue eyes arched into a crescent. “May I accompany you?” 
Vivian was totally baffled. “Huh?” 
Helena darted over and chimed in, “Me too, Dwayne. I need to get a few items. Can you come along with me?” 
She wanted to trail behind Dwayne so badly as he was the most eye-catching person in the entire school. 
Not only had he achieved academic excellence, but he was also born with a silver spoon. Apparently, his family owned the largest corporation in the city. 
That was precisely why even the rich man’s daughter, Helena, would want to get his attention.
However, Dwayne did not seem to be interested in her. 
His gaze was fixated on the Astorian girl with long, black hair and a well-defined oval-shaped face. 
“No, I’m busy. Let’s get into my car, Vivian. This will save us some time.” 
“Um… All right, then,” Vivian agreed. 
Subsequently, the two of them left the school, leaving behind Helena, who had turned green with envy. 
Vivian, d*mn you! 
“Don’t be mad, Ms. Helena. I accidentally saw Vivian’s work today. It’s actually the traditional costume of her home country, the baniere. Hmph! I doubt Lady Adalyn will put it on even if she wins.” 
“Are you sure?” Helena’s eyes lit up. 
If that’s the case, then there’s nothing for me to worry about. Lady Adalyn is a close family friend. I’m quite certain that she won’t be interested in wearing that. 
###Chapter 1539
Chapter 1539
Chapter 1539 Guardian Angel 
Helena put the matter to rest. 
“Fine, then. Forget about her. Let’s see how she makes a fool out of herself at the ceremony. Go spread the word and warn everybody against becoming her model.” 
“Noted, Ms. Helena,” her classmate acknowledged before leaving. 
Meanwhile, at the store, Vivian was very quick in finding all the things that she needed. 
“Shall we head back, Dwayne?” 
“Don’t you want to have something to eat?” he asked upon noticing a desserts shop nearby. 
Hmm… Food… 
As a foodie, Vivian started salivating upon hearing the magic word. 
Then, Dwayne, who claimed to be busy earlier on, brought her to the desserts shop and ordered a large sundae for her. 
“Is it yummy?” 
“Yes!” She nodded. 
There was a sparkle in her eyes that made Dwayne chuckle too.
Upon seeing a dollop of cream sitting delicately atop her upper lip, he could not resist the urge to wipe it off for her using a napkin. 
His sudden action surprised Vivian. 
At that moment, she felt a cold chill down her spine as if someone was watching her outside of the shop. Instinctively, she dodged his hand swiftly. 
“Um… I can do it myself.” 
She put the sundae cup down and wiped off the remaining cream on her lip. 
The atmosphere between them turned slightly awkward. 
Soon, Dwayne saw that she had bought some pearls. So, he assumed that she was going to craft a necklace. Hence, he got the ball rolling and started another topic. 
“Are you going to make any accessories? Do you need any tools? If you’re using pearls to complement the clothes, don’t you think it’s better to hide the chain?” 
“Hmm?” Vivian immediately paid close attention to his words. 
“I think it’s a great idea to use premium fishing line instead. This way, it can showcase the pearls and make them stand out.” 
“I concur with you. If you need it, I do have some fishing lines at home.” Dwayne extended an invitation subtly. 
Vivian was taken aback by his keenness to help out. 
Going to the house of a senior? It doesn’t seem appropriate, does it? However, the fishing line would be the cherry on the cake.
Right when she was debating from within, her phone rang and interrupted her train of thoughts. 
“Hello?” 
“Vivi, why aren’t you back yet? I received a message stating that the teachers are coming soon for a spot check. Come back quick, or you’re going to be punished,” Sonia urged. 
At that instant, Vivian could not be bothered about other things anymore. She picked up her pearls and was ready to leave. 
“Dwayne, I’ve got to go. The teachers are patrolling around, and I can’t afford to be absent.” She dashed out of the shop after giving him a brief explanation. 
By the time Dwayne came out, she had already hailed a cab and left. 
Feeling helpless, he entered his car. 
When he was about to drive out of the parking lot, he saw a suspicious figure in a blue hoodie from his rear mirror. The person even pulled down his cap to cover his face. Am I seeing things? 
The slender and upright silhouette was around 1.6 meters tall, seemingly a young guy. 
He exuded a cold and hostile aura despite being a distance away. 
That’s so weird. 
Frowning, Dwayne drove off. 
Two days later, it was the graduation ceremony. 
In the end, Vivian did not invite Solomon and Ichika to be present because she did not want to trouble them.
They have been faithfully looking after the three of us all these years when Mommy was busy taking care of Daddy. I shall give them a break. After all, Aunt Ichika has a three-year-old toddler with her too. 
Vivian took out her baniere and was ready to contact her model. 
“Hi senior, as per our discussion, you’re modeling for me today. May I know what time you’ll be here?” 
“Oh, uh… I’m sorry, but I’m not available anymore.” 
That was not the answer Vivian was expecting. 
Sheer anxiety washed over her. 
Oh no, what should I do now? I don’t even have a model. The event is about to commence. Where can I find an Astorian model? 
Just as her consternation pushed her to the verge of tears, Sonia assured her, “Don’t panic, Vivi. I’ll help you look for one now. Rest assured that we’ll be able to find a model for your outfit.” 
Then, she led several of Vivian’s good classmates to search for a model. 
Unfortunately, their efforts were all in vain. After going around the entire school for half an hour, they could not find a single Astorian. Meanwhile, Helena was all set to go on stage with her model. 
Vivian fretted in despair. 
Looking at the baniere that she had designed, tears started streaming down her face. It had been a long while since she last shed a tear. 
“What’s wrong, Vivian? Is there anything I can help you with?” A soothing male voice rang out in her ears.
Sonia turned and was delighted to see their senior. “Dwayne! He’s here, Vivi. We can ask him for help.” 
###Chapter 1540
Chapter 1540
Chapter 1540 He Is Angry 
Dwayne showed up in the nick of time and saved the day. 
Thanks to him, Vivian’s masterpiece was successfully showcased to the whole school at the graduation ceremony. 
When her costume was first displayed on stage, it silenced every single audience. 
Prior to her turn, all of the models were dressed in Epean clothing. The audience was getting tired of looking at the same style and fashion, from costumes to accessories. Hence, they were so amazed to see a unique piece of culturally rich ethnic clothing presented by Vivian. 
The atmosphere became stilled in an instant as the crowd gaped at her baniere. They had never seen anything like it before. 
It’s simply gorgeous! 
The people were wowed by the authenticity of her design and the fine details that adorned the costume. 
Vivian also made a smart move by playing some traditional music to enrich the audience’s viewing experience. 
The melodious music instantly transported them to a historical canal town named Jazona, which was always shrouded in rain and mist. The vibe and vivid descriptions portrayed through her artwork were so surreal, causing everyone to be mesmerized.
Vivian was exhilarated to see the result of her hard work. 
She knew at that moment that she would be the biggest winner of the night. 
Helena more or less guessed it too. Triggered by jealousy and rage, she tossed a pearl onto the floor when the model was about to get off the stage. 
Vivian stared in disbelief. 
Before she could react, a blond-haired, blue-eyed charming guy jumped up to the stage and held the panicked model who was about to fall flat on her face. 
He rebuked loudly while staring daggers at Helena, “What was that about, Helena? As the heir to the Goldin family, where are your manners and grace?” 
It’s Dwayne. Yes, it’s him! 
Seeing how the drama unfolded before their eyes, the crowd went into a frenzy. Helena was extremely embarrassed to have been publicly exposed and humiliated by the person she had been secretly admiring for ages. 
She felt as if she had been slapped across the face. 
D*mn you, Vivian! 
Hatred and bitterness blazed in Helena’s eyes. 
When the ceremony ended, Vivian proactively approached her savior with a cash prize and a trophy in her arms. 
“Thank you so much, Dwayne. If it weren’t for you, I’d be in deep trouble.”
“Don’t mention it.” He smiled and looked at her dotingly. 
Unsure of what to say, Vivian simply lowered her head shyly in response. 
Dwayne continued, “By the way, Lady Adalyn loves your creation to bits. I believe that she will be wearing it to her birthday banquet tomorrow. Do you want to go? I can bring you along.” 
“Can I?” 
Vivian’s eyes lit up when she heard the invitation. 
Grinning from ear to ear, he said, “Of course. Lady Adalyn and my family are close friends. If you’re willing, we can definitely go together.” 
Vivian hesitated. After mulling it over, she declined politely. 
“I’m sorry, Dwayne, but I’ve made a promise to a friend to meet up after the ceremony. Thanks for everything. I’ll treat you to a good meal soon.” 
With that, she left happily with her trophy. 
Friend? Which friend? 
Dwayne watched the gorgeous girl leave. Feeling quite disappointed, he decided to follow her. 
Vivian packed her bags and left for her home country that very day. 
However, she did not head home straight. Lugging her pink suitcase, she arrived in a different city back home and landed herself in a local school. 
“Hi, I’d like to see Kurt from the high school section.” 
“Kurt? You mean the fourteen-year-old boy in senior high school?”
The security guard scrutinized Vivian multiple times when he learned who she was looking for, making her feel slightly uncomfortable. 
What’s wrong? Is there a problem? It isn’t my first time coming here to see him. 
She waited nervously for a reply. 
Luckily, the security guard let her in. As he opened the gate, he mumbled, “Why is a pretty girl looking for Kurt, that weirdo?” 
Kurt is a weirdo? 
Vivian was puzzled at his comment. 
However, she did not know that the school she visited was one of the nation’s most acclaimed and competitive highest-ranked high schools. 
Kurt, who was only fourteen and supposedly a middle school student, skipped several grades and enrolled in senior high school. He topped the entire grade at each examination. There was practically no match for him. 
As a matter of fact, he never liked socializing with others. He was always seen alone, and he acted like an autistic person. If all of these were not peculiar about him, one would argue what was. 
Vivian entered the school premises with her suitcase. 
She was cognizant of the boundaries set by Kurt, knowing that he did not like to be disturbed. Therefore, she waited for Kurt on the bench outside the administrative building. 
Typically, she would notify him of her arrival with a text message and then read some books during the wait. That was essentially how they interacted with each other.
However, Kurt did not show up that day. Vivian waited for what seemed like forever, but she did not see him even after the class ended. 
As the next bell rang to indicate the start of a new lesson, Kurt was still nowhere in sight. 
What’s going on? Where is he? 
In the end, Vivian could not stand the wait anymore. Leaving her suitcase with the security guard, she sneaked into the main building, determined to find Kurt. 
###Chapter 1541
Chapter 1541
Chapter 1541 Always Getting Angry For No Reason 
The country’s weather was getting hot in June. 
For this kind of high school student, they would not get to do anything they wanted once the bell rang, unlike the art academy Vivian went to. 
As soon as classes started, the students began burying themselves into their books and got busy writing. 
As Vivian snuck around the corridor, all she heard were the sounds of them writing and the teacher’s voice. 
Why are they so serious? 
Suddenly, she felt her actions were wrong, and she wanted to go back. 
Just then, a student in the class noticed her, and their eyes met. Vivian noticed the boy was dressed in a blue and white uniform, and his eyes were fixated on her. 
Immediately after that, his ears went burning red. 
Vivian, on the other hand, remained silent. 
Realizing the odd situation, the teacher scolded sternly from the podium, “What are you looking at, Seth? Don’t you know class has started?” 
The boy remained silent.
Similarly, Vivian kept quiet too. 
Seeing the boy continued staring at her for a long time, she had no choice but to stand up outside the classroom, sighing. “Hello, ma’am. I’m Vivian. I’m here to see Kurt, who’s in the sixth class of twelfth grade. I’m his elder sister.” 
The news threw everyone in the class into an uproar. 
At the same time, Kurt, who was sitting in the front row of the class, had instantly become everyone’s target of criticism. 
Elder sister? 
He immediately turned around and stared at the girl, who suddenly appeared outside of his classroom. 
The girl was dressed in a yellow dress, and her black hair was tied into a loose bun, revealing her smooth and shiny forehead. She had long eyelashes, a pair of brown eyes that shone like jewels, and a fair and delicate face. Her beauty was breathtaking. 
Kurt was stunned. 
Before he could even speak, he heard his classmates around him gasp in amazement. 
Immediately, a dark expression loomed over his face. 
Just then, the teacher finally came back to her senses. Her gaze landed on Kurt, and she asked dubiously, “Sister? Kurt has a sister?” 
Kurt had always been a lone wolf ever since he started attending their school. He rarely spoke to any of the students and did not seem to have any friends. 
Moreover, the teacher never met any of his family members before.
Hence, she was stunned by this situation. 
Just as Vivian was about to explain herself, the teenager in the front row suddenly got to his feet and walked forward without saying anything to his teacher. Instead, he just marched out of the classroom with a grim look on his face. 
Meanwhile, Vivian watched him blankly. 
It had been six months since they last met, and he had grown taller. 
On top of that, he seemed to be more good looking as well. 
He had fair skin and thick locks of black hair. What made Vivian more stunned were his features which were flawless, despite the fact that he was a boy. 
Furthermore, he had a pair of straight, dark eyebrows and a pair of narrow eyes. Although they gave off a cold aura, they looked amazing. If he could just smile a little, Vivian believed he would be more dazzling than any star in the world. 
“Kurt—” 
“Let’s go!” Not wanting to explain much to her, Kurt immediately grabbed hold of her hand and pulled her along. 
Vivian was stunned. “Where are we going?” 
“I’m sending you home.” Kurt’s expression was void of emotions. 
Home? I just came here, and now he’s sending me back? Why? I haven’t even tried the best strawberry cake and milkshake here yet. How could he just send me back? 
Vivian was upset. She pouted and pulled her hand away.
“I’m angry now. I came here straightaway just to see you instead of going to Oceanic Estate. But now, not only are you ignoring me, but you also want to send me back. I’m really angry now,” she repeated. However, this only made her friend angry. 
She did not expect his expression to darken even more when she was the one who was angry. 
“Then you can just go straight to Oceanic Estate. Why did you come here? I didn’t ask you to do so.” 
“You—” Vivian was really upset this time. 
She stood in the corridor and stared at Kurt. “Fine. You’re the one who said that. I’m going to go home now. I won’t talk to you anymore!” 
With that, she stomped her foot in anger and ran out of the building. 
Kurt watched her leave in silence, clenching his fists so tight that the tips of his fingers had turned slightly pale. 
Just then, his classmates came out. After witnessing the scene, some boys said, “How could you do that, Kurt? Your sister came here just to see you, and you just chased her away?” 
“That’s how he is. He has a bad temper.” 
“That’s true. Why don’t we get her to come back? What if something happens to her?” 
“Okay!” 
The students agreed with each other, wanting to run after Vivian and get her back. 
However, just as they were about to leave, the boy who was standing in the corridor shot a cold glare in their direction, which made them stop in their tracks when they felt the chill run down their spines.
It was too terrifying. What was more surprising was that Kurt was four years younger than them. 
Before he left, he stated, “She’s not my sister.” 
The students were puzzled. 
Not his sister? 
###Chapter 1542
Chapter 1542
Chapter 1542 Not Your Younger Brother 
Vivian’s eyes were red-rimmed as she walked out of the school while dragging her luggage behind her. 
The security guard was surprised by the sight. 
Even a pretty girl like her is crying? Looks like that kid, Kurt, is really a terrible person. Usually, when the girls in school went looking for him, they’d always end up crying because he ignored them. And now, the same thing is happening to a pretty girl like her? 
He was a little furious. 
Just as he was about to stand up for her, a teenager dressed in a blue hoodie rushed out. Seeing Vivian was about to leave the school compound, he rushed over and grabbed her hand. 
“You… Let go of me!” Vivian was actually delighted to see him when she turned around. 
However, as soon as she recalled the cold and rude treatment given by Kurt a while ago, she became upset again and tried to make him loosen his grip furiously. 
This time, Kurt was not going to let go of her. 
Vivian was speechless. 
Kurt held the girl’s hand tightly and stared at her with his beautiful eyes, pleading, “I was wrong. Come on. I’ll buy you a strawberry cake and a milkshake.” 
That was how he was.
He would always get angry for no reason, yet he would apologize to her easily. No matter who was the one in the wrong, he would immediately apologize and cajole her whenever she got angry. 
In the end, Vivian complied. 
After that, both of them took a taxi and headed for Old Town to enjoy Vivian’s favorite strawberry cake and milkshake. 
“Oh, and I want two more glasses of milkshake!” Vivian said to the shop owner. 
She was really a glutton. 
Before they even began eating, she was already worried about not having enough. Thus, she stood in front of the shop owner, drooling and revealing two slender fingers to emphasize her words. 
The shop owner was quite delighted to see such a pretty girl. 
Hence, she served them two big portions. 
“Here you go. Does your boyfriend want anything?” the shop owner suddenly asked. 
In that era, it was normal for teens to have feelings for each other during their adolescence. From the shop owner’s point of view, Vivian looked beautiful and charming, while the boy looked a little fragile. 
However, he had a calm and steady demeanor, which did not make him look like a child. 
That was why she asked that question. 
Nonetheless, as soon as she said those words, the girl in front of her blushed and quickly denied, “No, no. Ma’am, he’s my little brother, not my boyfriend.”
The shop owner was at a loss for words, and so was Kurt, who stood behind her and was about to pay for the food. 
His beautiful, fair-skinned face darkened, and his dark eyes became emotionless. 
A few minutes later, Vivian left the store with a cup of milkshake in her hands while the boy behind her held her strawberry cake. He finally could not hold it in and said, “Vivi, I’m not your younger brother.” 
“Huh?” The girl, who was drinking her milkshake, turned around instantly. 
Not my younger brother? Then what is he? 
Her pretty eyes stared blankly at the teenager who was taller than her. “But you’re younger than me.” 
“That still doesn’t mean I’m your younger brother. Come on. Let’s go. Time to go home.” Feeling angry again, he held her wrist and started walking home. 
Vivian felt miserable. 
What’s wrong with being my little brother? Isn’t it great? I don’t have a younger brother, anyway. 
Despite that, she had no choice but to follow after him while eating her food at the same time. 
At first, she thought he was going to make her go home. 
To her surprise, once they returned to the school, he packed a few things from his dorm and walked out with a canvas bag that was discolored from countless washes. 
What’s he doing? 
Vivian blinked her big, shiny eyes and asked Kurt, “What are you doing?” 
Kurt said stoically, “Sending you home.”
Huh? 
Vivian was utterly stunned. 
It was not until she boarded a taxi that she finally came to her senses. She then quickly looked at the boy beside her. “Hold on. Your classes are still going on. What are you going to do about them if you’re sending me back?” 
“Just ignore it.” Kurt leaned over to help her buckle the seat belt in a calm manner. 
Vivian was speechless. 
As she lowered her head, she noticed how close he was to her, to the point where she could see the thick lashes on his eyelids. In the end, her face reddened. 
Soon, both of them headed to the airport to fly to Jadeborough. 
Since Vivian’s parents were on the mountain and her two elder brothers were not on holiday, she suggested heading to the mountain to look for her parents as soon as she arrived. 
Hearing that, Kurt hesitated for a moment. However, he still entered the car with her. 
Two hours later, they finally arrived at Aquene Temple. 
Midsummer was the most quiet and peaceful time for the temple. 
The lush mountain was relatively less crowded due to the hot weather. All that could be heard in the forest was the sound of nature. Apart from the hot mountain breeze, the entire journey to the mountaintop seemed like they were entering a paradise that was separated from the world. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was feeling excited since she was going to meet her parents soon.
However, as soon as she remembered that her father was still unconscious, she could not help but feel upset. Hence, as they were approaching the temple, her active behavior was gradually replaced by silence. 
At the same time, Kurt, who sat beside her, had noticed it all. However, he did not say anything and stayed by her side. 
About ten minutes later, they finally arrived at the temple. 
###Chapter 1543
Chapter 1543
Chapter 1543 Must Bear With It 
As soon as they arrived, Vivian, who missed her mother, quickly alighted the car and dashed into the building. “Mommy!” 
Kurt, too, got off the car after her. After paying the driver, he retrieved Vivian’s luggage and headed into the temple. 
“You’re back? Come here. Let me see if you’ve lost weight.” 
Standing before him was a familiar figure. 
She had clearly lost weight, and her face looked more haggard compared to three years before. Anyone who saw her would not help but feel sorry for her. 
“Hello, Mrs. Hayes,” Kurt greeted. 
“Oh. Kurt is here too. Take a seat, you two. I’ll make some spaghetti for you kids. It’ll be done soon.” Sasha was happy to see the two kids return. She immediately put down the medicine and was about to make them a meal. 
Noticing that, the shy Kurt went over to stop her. “It’s okay, Mrs. Hayes. I can cook. You can go ahead and settle your matters. Just leave this to me.” 
“Huh?” Sasha was stunned.
Vivian chimed in and said to Kurt, “I’ll help too. Let’s go. We’ll prepare the meal and not interrupt Mommy taking care of Daddy.” 
With that, the girl pulled the boy along and left. 
Sasha smiled when she saw the scene, and she had no choice but to remain in her spot and continue preparing the medicine. 
This is actually a good thing. The kids are now grown up and are learning to help out. This is great. Who knows? I might not even have to do anything once they’re older. And Sebastian can just relax in peace once he wakes up. 
At that thought, her eyes brimmed with tears. 
Located outside of the temple was a kitchen built by Sabrina and Edmund when they first came to this place. 
As soon as Kurt entered the kitchen, he took out a pot and began filling it with water to cook the spaghetti. He acted as if he was familiar with the place. Meanwhile, Vivian, who had been spoiled since young, merely stood by the side and watched him blankly. “What should I do? Tell me. I’ll help you.” 
After a long pause, Kurt finally said, “You can prepare the greens.” 
He never thought of getting her to do anything. However, her constant chattering left him no choice but to pass her a basket of leafy vegetables to deal with. 
Vivian took over the vegetables and went out happily. 
Ten minutes later, when Kurt was done cutting up the meat and other ingredients in the kitchen, he went outside to look for Vivian, wanting to get the leafy vegetables from her. 
He found her sitting by the river, humming while peeling the vegetables with her fingers.
However, all the vegetables were gone. 
All that was left in the basket were just the ends of it. 
Seeing him walking over, the girl, who was happy being busy, pointed at the tiny bits of vegetable with a look of pity on her face and said, “Oh? You’re here. I’m almost done washing them. But don’t you think this is too little? Look at this.” 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
After a long pause, he picked up the basket. 
“Where are you going?” Vivian asked. 
Kurt gritted his teeth and said, “I’m going to get more vegetables.” 
Get more vegetables? Is that fun? 
Her eyes lit up again, thinking this would help to lessen her mother’s burden. 
“I want to go too. Wait for me. I’m going with you.” She quickly ran to his side. Worried he might not let her go, she quickly wrapped her arms around his. 
Kurt, who was still walking, stiffened at her actions. 
He really wanted to pull her arm away and make her stand in a spot so she would not cause trouble anymore. 
The meal took more than an hour to prepare. 
When they finally finished eating, Vivian tagged along with her mother to the pharmacy. Kurt, on the other hand, went to the temple’s room after cleaning up the kitchen. As soon as he entered the room, he
saw the man, who was still unconscious, lying on the bed. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’m back.” He approached the man and stood respectfully before him. 
It was as though Sebastian was standing before him, and he did not dare to act rudely. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’m already studying at Clearwater High School. I’ve also been keeping an eye on Ms. Vivian. Don’t worry. I’ll make sure to protect her. Once you’re awake, you’ll see her standing before you, alive and well,” Kurt promised as he stood before Sebastian. 
The truth was, he would say these words every time he came here for the past three years. 
The first part of his speech would always be reports of his progress. In fact, everything had been prearranged by Sebastian before Sebastian was in that state. 
Back then, Sebastian had suddenly asked him to begin training at SteelFort. Unfortunately, before Kurt could complete a year of training, a mishap had befallen the former. 
After that, Karl had sent him to a junior high school and told him that Sebastian named him Kurt Lopez. The reason for that was that Sebastian said he liked the meaning of the name. 
Generally, the name “Kurt” had a meaning of someone who was brave, loyal, and intelligent. 
With this meaning in mind, Sebastian had put all his hopes on the next generation. Although he had fallen, he could still rely on Kurt, his sons, and all the other children that were still growing up. 
It was safe to say that his name had a profound meaning. 
Kurt, too, understood Sebastian’s intentions. 
Since then, he started carrying the responsibility he had always wanted—to protect the people he wanted to protect the most.
And just like that, he stood in that room for a long time, lost in his thoughts. 
###Chapter 1544
Chapter 1544
Chapter 1544 Part Ways 
“So you’re here. Are you here to visit Sebastian?” 
When Sasha returned to the room with her daughter, she saw the boy wiping the sweat off the bedridden man’s forehead using a towel. 
She could not help but smile at the sight. 
The room was quite stuffy that day. 
Despite that, Sasha did not request for an air conditioner to be installed in the room. Since Sebastian was unconscious, not letting him sweat would lower his metabolic rate, which would be harmful to him. 
After all, it was just sweat. 
She only needed to help him change if his clothes got wet. 
Hearing the gentle voice, Kurt, who was still carefully wiping off the sweat, immediately straightened himself and looked respectfully at the visitors. “Mrs. Hayes, Mr. Hayes is sweating.” 
“Yes. I know. It’s my intention to let him sweat. Sweating is a good thing. It means that some of his bodily functions are recovering,” Sasha explained with a smile. 
When Kurt heard that, his eyes sparkled, looking as though his entire body was filled with joy. “Really? Does that mean he’s going to be well soon?” 
“Yes. He’ll be well soon.” Sasha nodded.
She was not sure if she was telling this to the boy or herself. 
After staying there for some time, Kurt decided to return as soon as possible. After all, he had already sent Vivian home, and he still had classes to attend. 
Seeing Kurt was about to leave, Sasha went into her room and took two sets of new clothes and a new smartphone. She even transferred a reasonable amount of money into the electronic wallet on the phone. “Here, take these. I bought these clothes when I went down the mountain a few days ago. I guessed the first thing Vivi would do is to go looking for you. Hence, I bought all these for you.” 
“Mrs. Hayes…” At first, Kurt did not want to accept the gifts. 
However, when he lowered his gaze to look at the clothes, he realized they were his size. It left him stunned. 
Looking at the smartphone, he did not know what to say. 
Although Sasha had been taking of Sebastian on the mountain for the past three years, she never forgot about Kurt. 
Every year, she would prepare some money for his tuition fees and daily expenses. Kurt, who had been an orphan since young, was extremely grateful for this. 
It was for this reason that he swore to never forget their kindness when he grew up. 
In the end, Kurt walked out of the room with the items in his hands. 
Meanwhile, Vivian had been waiting outside during the exchange. 
Seeing he finally came out, she quickly rushed over to him. “Did Mommy really give you a new smartphone? Hurry, give it to me. I’ll help you set up your contacts and your WhatsApp too. Oh, and your
international phone number. That’s the most important one. Otherwise, you won’t be able to contact me once I’m in Yartran.” 
With that, she snatched his phone away. 
Meanwhile, Kurt stood by the side and watched her silently. 
Actually, he did not like using those things. Whenever he had some free time, he preferred to hide in a secluded corner and practice. 
Hence, ever since Sasha gave him his first phone for his trip to Yartran with Vivian, the latter was the one who helped him to set it up whenever he got a new phone. 
Around ten minutes later, she was done with it. 
“Look. It’s all done. I even changed your profile picture to something similar to mine. I’m a little pig, and you’re a big, furry dog.” Vivian laughed in amusement as she tapped on her creation. 
Kurt decided to just let her be. 
Suddenly, Sasha walked out of the temple. “What are you doing, Vivi? Stop pestering Kurt already. He has a plane to catch.” 
“Oh. Okay.” Vivian pouted and returned the smartphone to him. 
After taking the phone from her hands, Kurt left the temple. 
“Mommy, Kurt is gone.” 
“He needs to go to school. Don’t be so childish. Besides, Ian and his friend, Duncan, will be coming back two days later. They’ll play with you then.”
“Really?” 
Although the car had travelled quite some distance, Kurt could still hear the girl’s shrieks. 
Duncan? The genius who’s sent to the military base? 
At that thought, Kurt’s gaze darkened. In the next second, the charming face that was only relaxed for half a day returned to its bone-chilling expression, as if it was shrouded by darkness. 
Meanwhile, Vivian waited in the temple for a week. 
True enough, her brother finally came back with Duncan. 
Ian was now staying at the base and was taking part in the research. Since he could adjust his studies according to his own time, he would always come back to visit his sister during the summer holidays. 
“Ian!” Vivian had not seen her brother for a long time. Hence, as soon as she saw Ian, she immediately ran up to him with her arms wide open. 
Seeing her running toward him, he reached out his arms and gave her a big hug, as usual. 
Perhaps strangers would find this behavior of the two sixteen-year-old teenagers inappropriate. Even Duncan, who was standing by the side, blushed instantly when he saw the stunningly beautiful Vivian running toward her brother. 
However, that was not the case for Ian. 
He still acted naturally. Even though the triplets were all grown up, their relationship with each other was still like how it used to be when they were younger. 
###Chapter 1545
Chapter 1545
Chapter 1545 Must Save Daddy 
After giving her brother a hug and receiving a gift from him, Vivian finally turned to look at her brother’s friend with her big, shiny eyes. “Duncan, what kind of gift did you prepare for me?” 
“Huh?” Duncan was stumped by her question. 
He had grown taller in the past three years. 
However, when he stood beside Ian, they gave off different vibes. Like his father, Sebastian, Ian had good-looking features and exuded a noble and elegant aura. 
Duncan had chiseled facial features. And thanks to his training in the military base, he had become a handsome and strong young man. 
“I-I brought you this. I’m not sure if you’ll like it.” He scratched the back of his head and brought out the gift shyly. 
Vivian immediately fixed her eyes on the gift. 
It was a piece of stone she had never seen before. It was a colorful stone, and its surface was smooth and shiny. It was really pretty. 
“What is that? It’s so pretty,” she said. 
“It’s a precious opal. He spent his entire semester shaping it. Keep it well. Perhaps you might be able to use it for your designs in the future,” Ian explained.
Looking at the unique stone, Vivian was delighted, and she immediately kept the piece of treasure in her pocket with care. 
Now that Sasha had another two visitors, she could finally relax a little. The task of giving Sebastian a massage to improve his blood circulation was assigned to Ian, while Duncan would help to prepare the medicines. 
As for Vivian, she had gotten more diligent. Every day, she would accompany Sasha to collect some herbs. Although she would occasionally cause a mess, Sasha was happy to have someone chatty by her side. 
Soon, half a month had passed. 
After Vivian and the others pestered Shin for almost half a month, he finally agreed to let the kids play at the mountain’s waterfall. 
“Waterfall?” As soon as Sasha heard about the location, her face fell. “Master, can they really play at that place? Isn’t it near the underground chamber?” 
“It’s fine. I’ve ordered some men to seal off the entrance. Besides, they just want to take a look at the view. Just let them go,” Shin replied. 
Although he was a monk, he would always grant the kids’ wishes whenever they came over. 
Only then did Sasha stop questioning further. 
The next day, the three youngsters headed off to the waterfall. 
On the way, Ian stared at the map in his hands and asked again, “Duncan, are you sure this place has black stones?”
Their motive for going there this time was actually not to play. Instead, they wanted to look for black stones. 
Moreover, they were not looking for the stone to play with it. In fact, Ian and Vivian had heard the conversation between Sasha and Grayson. According to the conversation, they mentioned that the black stone was needed in order for Sebastian to regain his consciousness. 
Hence, they had been searching for it for the past three years. 
To their surprise, it was found that the stones existed on this very mountain. 
Vivian said, “That’s right, Duncan. If the waterfall has it, then why does Mommy not know about it? After all, she’s been constantly searching for the black stone to save Daddy.” 
“I know. Don’t be in such a hurry, you two. I didn’t know about this until I brought back a bottle of mountain spring water and used it in an experiment by chance, during which I found some traces of black stones in it. That’s why it’s worth taking a look. Anyway, that’s the source of the stream, and it seems to be coming from the waterfall.” 
Ian finally understood what was going on. Immediately, his eyes lit up. 
Vivian, too, got excited. 
After all, she wanted her father to regain his consciousness more than anyone else did. 
Soon, all three of them started their journey. 
However, what they did not know was that Eddie had built a massive underground base back in the day. Hence, the strong radiation residues would cause their phone signals to disappear as soon as they entered the hinterland.
“Ian, my phone isn’t receiving any signals.” Vivian was the first to realize this as she was about to take a selfie with the beautiful scenery on the mountain. 
Ian’s expression changed instantly when he heard that. He quickly pulled out his smartphone and realized it was true. 
Duncan said, “Then we must stick together. Here, Vivi. Take my hand.” 
“Okay,” Vivian answered, stretching out her fair hand, which was immediately held by Duncan. 
Without phone signals, it was quite dangerous to be in such an indigenous forest. Hence, for the rest of the journey, the three youngsters did not let their guards down. 
They followed Ian’s map carefully and searched for the waterfall. 
Thankfully, they did not have to go too far before they heard the sound of the waterfall. 
“Listen. There’s the sound of water.” 
“Yes!” Ian was surprised as well. 
They hastened their pace and headed in the direction of the sound. As they took a turn on the mountain path, a majestic waterfall appeared before them. 
However, perhaps it was excitement that caused Duncan, who was walking in front of the group, to not notice the dampness of the ground, causing him to slip. 
“Ah!” he screamed. 
“Duncan!” Vivian and Ian yelled with shock, watching him fall with their own eyes. 
###Chapter 1546
Chapter 1546
Chapter 1546 Something Happened To Ian Too 
Duncan was in trouble. 
The two siblings instantly lost the mood to watch the waterfall. They rushed over to the side of the path and lay on their stomachs, trying their best to get a view of the bottom. 
Nonetheless, this only made their faces pale. 
“We’re so high up. Ian, do you think something bad has happened to Duncan? What should we do?” After all, Vivian was still a girl. When she saw the steep cliff beneath the path, she started to panic and cry. 
Ian did not expect this kind of situation to happen, either. 
However, he was a quick-witted person. After observing the area for a while, he placed his bag down. 
“Ian, what are you trying to do?” 
“I’m going down to take a look.” As he said that, he took out an extendable steel rope that was over a dozen meters long from his bag and got ready to head down there. 
Vivian was shocked at the sight. 
“No way. You can’t go down there. It’s too dangerous. Besides, you’re not Matt. He’s received training in the military base and is a skilled fighter. You haven’t even received any training. It’s too dangerous for you to go down there.” She cried even louder, holding onto Ian’s arm tightly and not letting him go.
She did not want Ian to go down there. 
Instead, she wanted to quickly get someone to help them search for Duncan. 
Nonetheless, when Ian glanced at the deep water hole gushing with water, he could not help but think of his best friend who had fallen into it. It was impossible for Ian to wait any longer. 
“Listen to me, Vivi. Look, this steel rope will be tied to my waist. If something happens to me, all you have to do is just press on this button, and it’ll pull me back up,” he explained. 
“Really?” Vivian’s teary eyes stared at the tool. 
In the end, she watched her brother go down the cliff, while she continued lying by the side of the path with her eyes fixated on the bottom of the cliff. 
At the same time, she was gripping tightly onto the steel rope. 
Every minute felt like a century to her. 
After waiting for some time, she finally felt a movement in the steel rope. She immediately stuck her head out and looked into the deep hole. “Ian!” 
Although most of her voice was drowned by the sound of the waterfall, the people below would definitely hear her. 
However, Vivian received no response after yelling a few times. Instead, all she saw was the steel rope swaying in the wind. 
Why is it swaying with the wind? 
Vivian stiffened.
Ian is down there. How is this happening? Shouldn’t there be a weight pulling on it? 
Feeling suspicious, she quickly gripped the steel rope and pulled on it. “Ian, are you down there? Ian!” 
She was extremely anxious. 
Unfortunately, Ian did not reply, while she managed to pull up a large section of the steel rope. 
Vivian was stunned. 
Her mind blanked out. She seemed to have finally realized something. 
No. No way. Ian will be fine. 
She quickly denied in her heart. Then she followed Ian’s instructions and pressed the button. 
Right after that, the steel rope was pulled up. 
However, when all the steel rope was retracted, Ian was still nowhere to be seen. All she saw were the broken ends of the steel rope. 
“No! Ian!” 
A miserable cry of agony cut through the air, echoing along the path. 
No one would be able to describe the panic, pain, and helplessness she felt at that moment. After all, they were triplets. They did everything together from the moment they were born and even grew up together. 
Vivian cried miserably by the side of the path. 
Just as she was about to tie the steel rope around her waist to go down and investigate, a yell sounded behind her. “Vivi!”
She immediately stopped crying, and her teary eyes turned to look in the voice’s direction. 
“Here! Vivi, I’m here!” 
The voice was coming from the water hole at the bottom. 
Just then, the person emerged from the water and waved vigorously at her in the mist. 
It was Duncan. 
When she saw him, she recalled her missing brother and started bursting into tears again. “Duncan, Ian is missing. He went down to look for you. And now, he’s missing.” 
“What?” After he heard her words vaguely from below, Duncan’s expression changed. 
About twenty minutes later, both of them finally arrived at the bottom of the waterfall, and Duncan explained the process of his fall to Vivian. 
“There’s a hole here. I fell into it and came out from the water.” He pointed at the section of the path that caved in. 
Vivian began to panic when she saw that. “Then we should quickly go in there to take a look. Ian doesn’t know how to swim. It’ll be bad if something happens to him.” 
She got ready to climb over, wanting to go into the hole to take a look. 
It was true that Ian did not know how to swim. 
Not only that, Sebastian had not arranged for Ian to learn many skills when he was younger because of his poor health. The former had wanted to wait for him to get better before letting him start training. 
Unfortunately, an incident had happened when Ian was about twelve to thirteen years old.
Hence, the plan was held up. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was overwhelmed with anxiety. 
Seeing that, Duncan did not stop her and got ready to go over to the hole. 
###Chapter 1547
Chapter 1547
Chapter 1547 A Trap 
“Okay. Then wait here for me. I’ll go there right now.” 
“No, no. Duncan, you need to bring me along. I want to look for Ian. I won’t be able to be at ease if I don’t see him.” Vivian wanted to go with him. She was not going to wait there alone anymore. 
Vivian insisted on following along, probably because she had been terror-stricken earlier when two people suddenly disappeared from her side before her eyes. 
Seeing her being so insistent, Duncan had no choice but to agree. 
Although he agreed, it was still a dangerous move, since the water would get deeper as it approached the cliff. Things would have been easier if Duncan went alone. But now, he had to bring along another person. 
Duncan said, “Vivi, if you want to come along, then you must keep close to me.” 
Vivian promised, “Okay. Don’t worry. I’ll definitely follow closely behind you.” 
She could not be bothered to think so much as she was anxious to look for her brother. As soon as she said that, she immediately wrapped her slender arms around Duncan’s. 
Duncan was stunned, and his face flushed red. 
“N-No. Not my arm. Take my waist. I need my arms to swim and bring you over,” he stammered. 
Vivian was at a loss for words.
This time, she felt slightly uncomfortable. 
She was, after all, a sixteen-year-old girl. Naturally, she knew that she should not have intimate physical interaction with a stranger or a person of the opposite sex. Hence, she released her grip on his arm, unwilling to accept his suggestion. 
“I’ll just swim there on my own then.” With that, she got ready to swim over. 
Duncan, who was still in the water, had a look of disappointment on his face. 
Actually, he did not have any ill intentions. In fact, he had mustered up a lot of courage to utter those words. 
Sadly, Vivian rejected him without giving it a thought. The fact that she rather swam there on her own instead of letting him bring her over upset him. 
In the end, Duncan found a stick for her to hold on to before they started swimming over. 
When they finally arrived at the bottom of the hole’s entrance, they got ready to climb upward. However, Vivian had always lived a comfortable life. Thus, it was impossible for her to climb up such a high place on her own. 
Hence, she still let Duncan push her up. 
Although the drenched girl was dressed in sports attire, having to sit on top of Duncan and let him push her upward was still a very intimate action. 
Nonetheless, Vivian did not bother about it this time, as she was anxious to look for Ian. 
This made Duncan feel a little better. 
Soon, both of them climbed into the hole.
True to Duncan’s expectations, there were traces of another person slipping down the hole apart from his trail a while ago. “Look. This must be the trail where your brother slipped.” 
Seeing that, Vivian got so excited that tears brimmed in her eyes. She began shouting, “Ian!” 
However, there was no answer. 
When Duncan fell into this hole, he came out from the waters. Ian, on the other hand, could not be seen in the water. Both of them wondered where he had gone. 
At that thought, Duncan decided to go in and take a look. 
Of course, Vivian followed along. 
Being a timid person, she did not dare to struggle anymore as soon as she entered, and she let Duncan grip her hand tightly all the way. 
Once they turned on the flashlights on their smartphones, they noticed the place was overgrown with weeds. Apart from the crack where Duncan fell through, they could even hear the sound of water flowing beneath them. 
On the other side was another trail that led down a slope. 
“What’s that place? Could Ian have fallen down there?” 
“It’s possible. Why don’t you wait up there? I’ll go in and take a look first. If anything happens, I’ll let you know, okay?” Seeing the hole was extremely dark and cold, Duncan did not have the heart to let Vivian follow him. He wanted to scout the area first in case there was anything dangerous. 
Vivian understood his words.
After taking a good look at the place and giving it some thought, she agreed, “Okay. Give me a shout five minutes after you’ve entered,” she requested. 
As soon as she finished speaking, Duncan, who was getting ready to go in, looked at her in amazement. 
He was surprised that she would make such a request. Five minutes was not too long, yet it was not too short. In fact, it was just enough to scout the area. 
If there were any dangers, he could still withdraw after five minutes. 
And if there were no problems, he could tell her to follow him after that. 
Duncan studied the girl silently for some time before heading in with his smartphone. He felt as though he needed to get to know her again, thinking perhaps she was smarter than he thought. It was just that she had been well-protected by her two brothers, so she did not have the chance to use her wits. 
As Duncan walked into the darkness, Vivian waited outside in silence. 
What Duncan considered earlier was exactly her thoughts. 
Moreover, she also figured that if the place was dangerous, something would happen to both of them if she went along as well. 
If that happened, no one would be able to call for help. 
Hence, Vivian waited patiently with her fists clenched. 
Luckily, five minutes later, a familiar voice could be heard from the inside. “Vivi, it’s fine. You can come down now.” 
“Okay!” Vivian’s eyes lit up. She quickly rose from the ground and entered the hole.
###Chapter 1548
Chapter 1548
Chapter 1548 You Are Late 
They paired up and started exploring the place, but not long after they came in and went along the cave, they realized that the path was becoming broader and broader, and everything was becoming clearer around them. 
Vivian noticed that something was wrong, and she asked, “What’s happening, Duncan? Why is the path becoming smoother all of a sudden?” 
A frown appeared on Duncan’s face. He was still thinking about that question, but then he noticed a familiar scent lingering in the air, and he stopped walking for a moment. 
Vivian was holding his hand, and when she realized he had stopped, she came to a halt as well. “What is it, Duncan? What happened?” 
“It’s nothing. Wait right here for me. I’ll take a look over there.” He let her go and went to the spot where the scent was the heaviest. 
She didn’t know what he was trying to do, but she didn’t dare move around in such an unfamiliar area, so she waited for Duncan to make his return. About five to six worrying minutes later, Duncan finally came back, much to her relief. 
Vivian asked him, “What is it, Duncan? Did you find something over there?” 
Duncan answered, “Yes. There’s dried sand over there. There might even be an exit too. Your brother probably left using that exit. We’d better get going right now.”
“All right then.” Vivian agreed with Duncan. 
They trotted quickly along the cave, but this time, they didn’t even make five hundred meters. All of a sudden, a loud rumble was heard, and the ground started shaking violently. 
Vivian was shocked by the sudden development. “What is happening, Duncan? Why is this place suddenly caving in?” 
“I—” Before Duncan could even say anything, the ground they were stepping on suddenly cracked, and the two of them fell through it. 
The moment Vivian fell through, a stab of pain traveled up her head from her right ankle, and everything turned black around her. Before she blacked out, her last thoughts were, This place is booby-trapped? Wait, that means Ian’s in trouble. 
When she regained consciousness, she realized there was something wet around her lips, and she drank the sweet liquid even though she didn’t know what it was. Who is it? Is it Duncan? 
She finally regained her consciousness, and she opened her eyes, but what she saw first was unending darkness. “Duncan? Is that you there? Where are we? Do you know what this place is?” she held the person who was feeding her and quickly barraged him with a lot of questions. 
However, the person was keeping quiet. His hands were cold and hard, but Duncan’s were muscular. Hm? Who is this? 
Vivian thought about it for a few seconds, then she suddenly grabbed the person’s finger and reflexively touched his hand. “Oh my god, Kurt! Why didn’t you show up earlier? I almost died, for god’s sake!” 
She started crying like a baby, and she pounced on the person before her. She hugged him and cried in his embrace, as if she had found someone she could rely on even though that person was two years younger than she was.
The darkness and the unknown dangers that lurked within tensed Kurt up, but when the girl started crying right in front of him, he couldn’t bring himself to get angry at her. He sighed in resignation, and he couldn’t bring himself to push her away. 
Well, what else can I do but spoil her? Kurt picked her up from the ground and leaped up, then he pulled them up the stone wall using the vines that hung around them. 
Vivian was still in a state of shock. She was busy crying her heart out earlier, so when Kurt came back up with her in his arms, she was still staring at him dumbly. At that moment, what she thought was, Hey, how did I get up here so fast anyway? 
Kurt ignored her. After they came up, he took her to a brighter place and placed her down, then he started checking her ankle. 
“Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!” The moment he touched it, she started shouting in pain, and a look of agony painted her face. 
Kurt stopped touching her ankle immediately. He put her down and stood up to look around them. 
Vivian asked, “Where are you going? Don’t leave me here alone.” 
Kurt answered, “I will not. I’ll get some sticks to secure your leg in one place. Then I’ll prop you up and take you with me.” 
Vivian protested, “Prop me up? But I don’t want to walk! I want you to give me a piggyback ride! My ankle’s hurt, and you want me to walk? How could you!” 
And the girl started crying again. Even though she had grown, she was still the same little girl whenever she cried. Her tears would keep streaming down her cheeks. 
Kurt could not believe what he was hearing.
That was the difference between him and the boy called Duncan. Before they came into the cave, Duncan had told Vivian to hold his waist, but she had refused. However, when Kurt said he wouldn’t even give her a ride on his back, she started crying pitifully. 
Kurt’s mood was significantly lifted. He came back and picked her up from the ground instead of carrying her on his back. 
Vivian said, “O-Oh, are you going to hold me like this? But I’m a heavy girl.” 
Kurt answered, “It is all right. We should leave this place and find your brother right now.” 
Oh, right. I have to find him. Vivian finally snapped out of her delusion, and her face was red with embarrassment. Even though the road ahead was dark, she still felt at ease. For some reason, she always felt at ease as long as Kurt was around. 
“Oh, Kurt. Did you see Duncan? He fell into this place with me.” 
“I did not see him.” The young man who was holding her looked as cold as ice. 
###Chapter 1549
Chapter 1549
Chapter 1549 Found Ian 
Vivian was surprised by the answer she got. He did not see him? What is that supposed to mean? He did not see Duncan with me? But we fell into this place at the same time, so how could Kurt have missed him? 
Vivian still could not figure out what he was talking about, but when she looked up, she realized that Kurt was looking angry for some reason. She stopped asking him questions and let him take her deeper into the cave. 
About twenty minutes later, Kurt finally took her to a place that was bright enough to see. Miraculously, he wasn’t even wheezing or panting at the end of the journey. 
“What is this place?” 
“The base Eddie built years ago. Vivi, stay right here and don’t run around, okay? I’ll go inside and take Ian out with me,” Kurt told her curtly and placed Vivian on a stone that looked like a table. 
Wait, this is Eddie’s underground base? 
When Vivian finally processed the news, she was overwhelmed by a sense of disbelief. 
What? How did this happen? I thought we are under a waterfall! How did we even get to this place anyway? Daddy and Mommy told me that this place is a forbidden area, and it is already cordoned off. It shouldn’t even have an entrance, so how did we even get in here?
When realization struck her, she was terrified. Knowing that moving around might invite unwanted attention, she quickly sat on the stone and tried her best to remain still. 
After placing her in a safe spot, Kurt turned around and leaped away. A moment later, he was nowhere to be found. If Vivian could see that, she would have been shocked. 
Oh, right. I forgot to ask Kurt. How did he get here? He’s supposed to be in school. Why’d he suddenly show up out of nowhere? But more importantly, how did he even take me back up here? 
Vivian had a lot of questions, but she had no one to get the answers from at the time being. 
After Kurt left the earlier spot, he quickly came to an important entrance of the underground base. He found it easily thanks to the map he came across before. 
Nobody knew that Sebastian had given the place’s blueprint to SteelFort long before he got in trouble. After SteelFort got the blueprint, Karl gave it to some of the people he trusted the most. One of them was Kurt, a protector of the Jadesons. 
Kurt stepped onto the stone bridge, and the moment he did, he noticed a pair of footprints on the ground through the dim light that illuminated the surroundings. 
He went down to measure the size, and it was about the size of a sixteen-year-old boy. Is this Ian’s footprint? Or could it be Duncan’s? 
The look in his eyes grew colder, and as he followed the trail of footprints, the sound he made became fainter and fainter. 
About ten minutes later, the path opened up, and through the darkness, he noticed a lot of ruined weapons lying at the side. There were guns, knives, and all sorts of weapons.
It was a treasure trove of weapons, but alas, they were all destroyed. Kurt looked at them calmly and went ahead without even stopping. 
Suddenly, he heard a loud sound coming from ahead. He focused his gaze through the darkness, then he took big strides into the unknown. 
A boy gasped in horror as he looked at Kurt, who appeared behind him out of nowhere, and he blanched. 
Kurt paused for a moment when he saw the young man before him. “Ian? Is that you?” 
A moment later, he calmed down and eased up a little. He thought he was in for a fight, so he was surprised to see Ian instead. 
The boy Kurt found was none other than Ian, but he was not in the best condition at the moment. His whole body was stained with mud, and there were cuts on his face. Anyone who saw him would feel sad about it. 
Ian picked up the stainless steel item that fell earlier, and he looked at Kurt in surprise. “Yeah, that’s me. What brings you here? How did you find this place anyway?” 
Kurt calmed down and explained, “I came back since I’m on break. Mrs. Hayes said you guys came to the waterfall, and I was worried, so I came too.” 
“I see.” Ian now understood why Kurt showed up all of a sudden. He put down the stuff he was holding, and then he rubbed his leg. It was still injured, and he frowned from the pain. “Yeah, I have a situation here.” 
“What kind of situation?”
“Duncan fell down when we came to the waterfall. After that, I tied myself to a steel rope and rappelled down, but I knocked my head against something halfway through and blacked out. When I woke up again, I was already in this cave.” Ian pointed at his head. He was still feeling dizzy at that point. 
Kurt looked at him, and it was then he realized that Ian had a bigger wound on his forehead. It was still bleeding as they spoke. 
Worried, Kurt quickly took his backpack and unzipped it, then he took out some bandages and a bottle of salve. “I’ll clean your wound. It’ll be problematic if you get infected.” 
Ian contemplated it in silence for a few moments, then he allowed Kurt to clean his wound. Ian was a smart person. From the moment Kurt came to their home, he knew Kurt was no ordinary young man as he claimed. 
###Chapter 1550
Chapter 1550
Chapter 1550 Betrayal 
Ian knew Kurt might have appeared because of Sebastian’s arrangement. That was why he wouldn’t ask Kurt too many questions, nor would he get in Kurt’s way. 
After Kurt cleaned Ian’s wound, they both stood up. “Hey, while you were on your way here, did you see Vivi and Duncan? Where are they?” 
Kurt answered honestly, “I did not see Duncan, but I found Vivi in a cave. She sprained her ankle, so I got her somewhere safe before I came to find you.” 
Ian was surprised that Vivian and Duncan came in. “They came here too? What is this place anyway? How did they even come across this spot?” 
“There’s a cavern right under the path you took. We came in through that place. Since you’re injured now, I’ll take you back to where Vivi is. Leave Duncan to me. I can search for him myself,” Kurt suddenly suggested. 
Ian noticed his cold gaze, but he looked away after a moment and stared at the dusty cave. 
“It’s all right. I’ll go with you. If my guess is correct, this place should be Eddie’s base back when Daddy and his friends fought him. Right after the battle, Daddy even came to look for the equipment’s research before he got into trouble. He gave it to me, but I couldn’t make them, so I gave them to Duncan.” 
Kurt said nothing, and silence fell between them. It was not a peaceful silence, however, for the atmosphere was tense. It was nothing but the calm before the storm.
In the end, Kurt took Ian and went deeper into the base. They did not have to worry about Vivian, since Kurt knew the place like the back of his hand, and she had GPS in her smartphone. He could locate her whenever he wanted. 
They went deeper into the base, and just as expected, they came to the center of the cavern about half an hour later. It was the research base under the temple that Sebastian had locked away. 
When they came to the place, they heard the sound of something being knocked about. It was the sound of a glass container being rubbed, but it also sounded like a metallic item being knocked about. 
Ian was as pale as a sheet of paper. He stood at the entrance, and he stopped walking. It took all he had to look at the person within the base, and he couldn’t even walk. 
Found him. When Kurt saw the person, his eyes were filled with murderous intent, and it permeated the air around him. “You stay here. I’ll go inside alone.” 
He patted Ian’s shoulder before he went into the base alone. 
He knew how Ian was feeling. Because of his personality, it was hard for him to make friends whom he could fully trust. The reason he cheered up and became a happy guy over the last three years was thanks to Duncan. 
But now, Kurt held the deepest hatred against Duncan. “What are you doing?” 
“Huh?” Duncan was taking notes and rummaging through the ruined lab apparatus when Kurt appeared out of nowhere. As he was taken aback, his book fell out of his hands. 
“K-Kurt… What brings you here?” 
“I’m asking the questions here. What are you doing?” Kurt asked with an icy tone.
Kurt stared at the thing Duncan was holding, and his gaze was sharp. If anyone were to see him in this state, they would shudder. 
Duncan didn’t just shudder; all the color drained from his face. “Kurt… I-I came to find Ian. He’s lost, a- and I found this place, s-so I wanted to take some notes…” He scrambled for an explanation. 
Every time he faced Kurt, he was filled with anxiety. Kurt was distant, aloof, and he never smiled. Whenever Duncan met his gaze, he would always feel a shiver running up his spine. 
Duncan had always been reluctant to see Kurt, and he’d always give Kurt a wide berth. However, his luck had finally run out. 
“Take notes? Do you know what this place is? Or is this the real reason you took the two of them here today? You’re trying to get your hands on all the data here, aren’t you?” Kurt mocked him. 
He went over to pick the notebook up. When he skimmed through it, he saw all the data that was written in it. It was a perfect copy. 
Kurt was a genius in chemistry. After he came to this place, he didn’t even have to do any test to know what the residue lying around the place was. 
Duncan paled and wanted to explain himself by coming up with an excuse, but it was useless. 
At that moment, he saw Kurt tearing the notebook apart, then he gripped Duncan tightly and hurled him toward the dusty lab table. 
Duncan screamed. 
“Kurt, wait a minute!” At the same time, Ian finally came to the scene. He shouted out to Kurt and stared at Duncan, who was moments away from getting his neck snapped.
Ian’s face was pale and ashen, as if he was a corpse. 
###Chapter 1551
Chapter 1551
Chapter 1551 I Am Sorry 
Kurt held on for a few moments, then he loosened his grip. Duncan quickly took in big gulps of air, as if he had just gotten out of certain death. 
He knew Kurt was different from him and that Kurt wasn’t just another distinctive child Jonathan had found, but Duncan never expected Kurt to take him out so easily. After all, Duncan had spent a lot of time in the military. 
Ian had finally arrived. He was staring at Duncan, his face as pale as a ghost. “Who are you? Tell me who you really are.” 
He was hurt by the sudden betrayal, but even at this point, he was still clenching his fists and asking Duncan about his true identity. He wanted to know what the truth was. 
That was how Sebastian’s son should act. No matter what kind of situation he was in, he could grasp the most important aspect at the most crucial moment. 
Duncan was pinned down, and he looked at Ian. Suddenly, he forced a sad, depressing smile. “I’m sorry, Ian. I lied to you.” 
Kurt was standing right beside Duncan. He could see Ian clenching his fists as tightly as he could, trying not to go on a rampage. 
“But this is my fate. I came here to take my mother’s stuff, Ian.” 
Before Ian could say anything, Kurt asked in shock, “Your mother?”
Duncan nodded. “Yes, my mother. Her name is Felicity Durant. She helped Eddie make those nuclear wave weapons. I did everything to get into the base and befriended Ian for this,” he answered honestly, and his voice was calm. 
However, after he said his answer, Kurt and Ian were both equally shocked, and they stared dumbly at Duncan. He’s Felicity’s son? That’s impossible. Felicity’s son was Isaac. He loved Sabrina, and he even died for her in that explosion. So what’s the deal with this guy? 
“Do you think we are fools? How is it possible that Felicity still has a son? Her son is long dead.” 
“That was the son she had with Alfred. I’m not Alfred’s child. My father is Eddie.” He smiled sardonically as he dropped another bombshell. 
Kurt was shocked, and Ian’s eyes were the size of saucepans. For a long, long time, he couldn’t even say anything about how dumbfounded he was. 
He’s Eddie’s son? But Eddie’s almost the same age as my great-grandpa. And he actually pounded Duncan’s mom? 
Duncan said first, “Disgusting, isn’t it? Don’t worry, Ian. Just say it. I won’t blame you. I feel disgusted about it for a long time now. I don’t mind adding you to the list.” 
He seemed calm, but the disdain and disgust in his eyes were apparent. 
Kurt was silent, and Ian said nothing as well. 
Eddie was said to be disabled. He had only managed to stand up again thanks to the Durant family, who was famous for their healing skills. 
However, a few decades after that, the Durant sisters and their father had become his pawns. He had sent assassins after Sean, and they had succeeded in killing him. Janice was luckier than he was, but
she didn’t escape the same fate in the end. 
After telling Devin the truth, she had taken her own life, and her son—Kingston—had died at Eddie’s hands as well. In order to save Sasha, she had detonated the bomb in the museum, which also led to her demise. 
Kurt and Ian could not imagine what Felicity must have gone through in the years of serving Eddie. They didn’t dare to. 
A guy who was old enough to be Felicity’s grandfather knocked her up, and she gave birth to the child. 
Ian was shivering with fury, and his eyes were red with rage. However, Duncan felt relieved seeing Ian angry. 
He owed Ian a lot, and he even turned his back on his friend, but now that he realized Ian could still get angry and wanted to kill someone for him, he felt content with it. 
Ian didn’t think Duncan was beyond the point of redemption. At the very least, Duncan knew Ian still had hope for him. “You guys can take me away now.” 
Before Duncan was taken away, he told Ian, “Oh, Ian. I found the real reason your father fell sick. It’s not because of the car crash. My mother’s nuclear wave bombs caused permanent damage to him. See the black stone around here? The crystal that grew on the stalagmites here? Tell your mother that she can use this to speed up your father’s recovery.” 
Ian suddenly looked up at Duncan, and Ian’s chest heaved. Duncan smiled at him one last time, and then Kurt took him away. 
###Chapter 1552
Chapter 1552
Chapter 1552 Ian Must Not Follow Daddy 
They came back to the temple. When Sasha and Shin heard about the whole story, they were gripped by shock, and they couldn’t even say a word. 
That is one heck of a secret. 
They called Devin and Jonathan. The moment they got the news, they came here at full speed and took Duncan away with them. 
Ian was quiet the whole way through. After Duncan was taken away, he turned around and went to his room. 
Vivian asked, “Is Ian all right? Mommy, he must have been hurt badly. We have to try and cheer him up.” 
Vivian was worried about her brother, and Sasha was worried about her son too. 
Nobody knew Ian better than she did. She could tell that he had changed a lot over the last three years, and she was delighted. But now, he’s betrayed by his own friend. 
She came to his room a moment later. “Are you all right, Little Ian?” 
“I’m all right, Mommy.” Ian was sitting in his chair, staring outside the window. He looked depressed, but the moment he saw his mother, he cheered himself up and said he was fine. 
Sasha was heartbroken seeing her son like that. She came in and took a chair, then she sat down beside him.
She started talking to him gently, “Don’t feel sad about it, Little Ian. Duncan didn’t betray you. He just didn’t have a choice. In the end, he told you the real reason your father fell sick, and he even found the black stone for us.” 
She had learned psychology before to treat Sebastian’s illness, so she knew exactly why her son was sad. He couldn’t accept the fact that his longtime friend would betray his trust and their friendship. 
That kind of impact was devastating, and not to mention it was hard for someone like Ian to open himself up to someone. 
The moment she finished talking, Ian, who had been acting tough, finally started to tear up. “Mommy…” 
“Don’t feel sad, Little Ian. You have an eye for people. Duncan is a good child, but he was forced into this position. He didn’t hurt you or Vivi, right?” 
“Yeah.” Ian’s eyes shone brightly, much to Sasha’s delight. 
She quickly continued, “Once your uncle and great-grandpa get to the bottom of this, he’ll be fine if they know he didn’t hurt you. Maybe they’ll keep him, and he can stay with you then.” 
Sasha was painting a beautiful future for her son. She thought of the same thing as well too. Duncan was only sixteen, and he was willing to reveal the real reason for Sebastian’s disease and find the key to his treatment. Because of that alone, Sasha knew he wasn’t an evil person. 
He could be saved, and the Jadesons weren’t vengeful. Even though Duncan was Eddie’s son, they would give him a second chance if he truly repented. 
Ian finally cheered up after hearing his mother’s words. Vivian and Kurt heaved a sigh of relief after seeing him get over his depression.
The youngsters went back to Oceanic Estate to wait for the news that very day. Matteo, who was still in the military, quickly came back after he heard the news so that he could keep his brother company. 
However, after three days of waiting, they found out that Duncan was to be executed, but he would be on probation for two years before he was executed. They decided to dole out the punishment once Duncan was of age. 
Vivian and Matteo were the first to get the news. They were shocked, but they didn’t tell Ian about the news yet. They first came to see their great-grandfather. 
“Why, Great-grandpa? Is he really that evil?” 
“Yes. He sent a lot of information to Eddie’s remaining followers, especially after I sent him to the military base.” Jonathan’s face was filled with rage when he talked about that. 
Vivian and Matteo blanched right away, and they didn’t talk after that. All they could think about was Ian, who had been waiting in his room for three days. 
If that was truly the case, then Ian would need to bear the responsibilities too. The whole reason Duncan managed to get into the military base was that he cracked the formula Ian gave him. It was the info on Eddie’s research Sebastian gave Ian. 
In other words, Ian was fully and truly used. It was a total betrayal by Duncan. The secret didn’t stay hidden for long, and Ian found out in the end. 
He smashed all his things in the room that night, and he locked himself out. He didn’t come out for the whole night, and Vivian cried when she realized what was happening. 
Matteo couldn’t do anything either. He was enraged, and he wanted to go to the prison, grab Duncan, and make him kneel before Ian. He wanted to know why Duncan even did that in the first place.
He wanted to ask Duncan what Ian did to deserve the betrayal, but he didn’t get that chance. 
Two days after the verdict was announced, the officers in the prison said Duncan had died. They said he had taken his own life by using his toothpaste. It was just a tube of ordinary toothpaste, but the moment he brushed his teeth, the toothpaste became poison. 
###Chapter 1553
Chapter 1553
Chapter 1553 We Need Daddy 
Poison? He made it himself, probably. He was a chemistry genius, after all. 
Ian fell sick after that. His fever lasted for three days, and Sasha had to come back to see him. Even Sabrina came as well. 
“Is he all right, Dr. Wallen?” 
After Grayson checked Ian up, he said, “He’s all right. His psychological trauma caused his lymph nodes to get inflamed, and that’s why he has a fever. He just has to get injected. That’s all.” 
However, Sasha was shocked to hear that news. Psychological trauma? But that’s even worse. 
She started getting really worried for her son, and as she expected, after Ian got better, he became a boy of few words. He locked himself up in his room all day and wouldn’t come out no matter who called him. 
When Jonathan saw it, he realized that he might have acted a bit too rashly regarding Duncan’s case. 
“Do you have any idea how to heal him, Grayson?” 
“It’ll be hard. He’s always been a lone wolf, and this case traumatized him. If he can’t get over it, it’ll be hard to settle,” Grayson said the truth. 
Most of Ian’s problems stemmed from the hatred and disgust festering in his heart. The betrayal was not the main factor. He couldn’t forgive himself for inviting a traitor in and hurting everyone. He had been a proud person ever since he was a child, and this case devastated his pride.
Grayson hesitated to say it, but in the end, he said, “And I have to remind you that your grandson is genetically impaired.” 
Jonathan looked up all of a sudden, and he blanched. What? How did that happen? This boy must not follow in his father’s footsteps. 
A gloomy atmosphere hung around Oceanic Estate. Vivian was feeling down for the last couple of days as well. She had been betrayed at school before, and Elaine’s betrayal was even worse than Duncan’s, so she knew how it felt. 
“What should we do, Kurt? Ian just won’t come out no matter what we do. What should we do?” 
Kurt was standing beside her, but he couldn’t come up with any good ideas either. However, he did notice something. “Ian can’t forgive himself for helping Duncan get into the military base. He feels guilty for having caused harm to his father and family.” 
Vivian was still crying, but she looked up at him after hearing his words. “Really? So does that mean if Daddy wakes up and tells Ian that he doesn’t blame him, Ian will get better?” she asked hopefully. 
Kurt was quiet, since he didn’t know how to answer that question either. However, he felt that Sebastian must know how to handle the matter once he woke up because he was a great man after all. 
“Let’s dig up some black stones, Vivi. We’ll do everything we can so your father will wake up sooner.” 
“Okay!” Vivian wiped her tears away and agreed to it without hesitation. 
While everyone, including Sasha and the Jadesons, was worried about Ian, they didn’t realize that two kids were missing. Vivian and Kurt sneaked back to the mountain, and they were determined to get the black stones.
When they told Shin about their plan, he adamantly refused, “You guys want to get the black stones? No way. They’re in the underground lab, and do you know how dangerous that place is? Nobody has been there before. You might put yourself in great danger.” 
Shin felt guilty, since he created a whole mess the last time because he gave in. That man still hadn’t recovered, and he couldn’t allow these two to go into the lab. What if they get hurt? 
If they were hurt, he would not be able to explain it to Sebastian once the latter regained consciousness. 
The moment Shin refused, Vivian suddenly kneeled before him. 
“Please! Just let us do this. Only Daddy can help Ian, but he needs to regain his consciousness first, or it’ll be over for Ian.” 
“I…” 
“Please! We’re begging you!” 
Just when Shin was still hesitating, a handsome, muscular young man came in, and he kneeled before the old monk as well. 
Matteo? He came too? Vivian looked at her brother in surprise, and she held him tightly. 
At the last moment, Kurt said, “Master, if you’re worried about us, you can come with us. We won’t do anything rash. Of course we’ll scout the whole place first before we go in.” 
Eventually, Shin let out a long sigh, but he agreed to it, much to the youngsters’ delight. 
They set off half an hour later, and Shin was the one who led them. They went in through the entrance in the temple, and they made a beeline for the lab.
Since Matteo suddenly showed up, Vivian was delighted. While they were on their way to the lab, she held his hand and kept blabbering. “What brought you here, Matt? I thought you’re keeping an eye on Ian back at Oceanic Estate.” 
###Chapter 1554
Chapter 1554
Chapter 1554 Good Kurt 
Matteo pretended to be angry and shot her and Kurt a glare. “Do you think I don’t know what you guys are thinking? When we get to that place, I don’t care what kind of stuff we’re facing, just don’t stand in front, all right?” 
Matteo was the big brother in this case. He looked at his sister and the young man who was following him, and he thumped his chest. He wanted them to listen to him, and he would protect them no matter what happened. 
Vivian looked at her brother with admiration, while Kurt only smiled and said nothing. 
A short while later, they arrived at the lab. Shin went to open a cabinet and took out a few hazmat suits. “The radiation is powerful here. Wear this. Someone will take you kids down there in a minute.” 
There’s someone else here? 
The three of them quickly wore the suit, and not long after that, they heard the sound of bells ringing. They looked up and saw a young lady in blue traditional attire. 
“Master, my father said you wanted me here.” 
Shin looked at her, and he pleaded to her politely, “Yes, Lucy. I need you to lead these kids down. You know the place well.” 
Vivian was confused, and so was Matteo, since he didn’t know anything about the girl.
Kurt, however, was calm. Karl had told him everything. Judging from the clothes the girl was wearing, he realized that she might be a descendant of the aborigines whom Eddie had hired to build the underground base. 
“Sure, Master,” the girl named Lucy agreed readily. 
She approached the trio in hazmat suits, and she smiled at them. “Hello. I’m Lucy, an aborigine here.” 
“Hi, I’m Vivian.” 
“And I’m Matteo.” 
The siblings introduced themselves happily, and Matteo even extended his hand to the girl who came all the way to help them. 
Lucy blushed, and she shook his hand. Then she looked at Kurt, who was still quiet. 
Vivian’s patience was running thin. Since their guide had come, she urged, “Let’s go inside. It’s getting late.” 
Lucy looked at Kurt one last time, then she followed Vivian inside. Hm, he didn’t even look at me for once the whole time. What an odd person. 
They finally came to their destination in the end. Shin, who was worried that they might get in trouble, sent a few fighters to stand sentry outside the place. 
The lab was built upon the waterfall’s source, and that was why Duncan noticed the black stone’s element in the water. If they wanted to get the black stones, the only way to do that was to drill through the underground. 
“There’s actually a natural cavern here. It’s been here for hundreds of millions of years. The base is right above it, and the waterfall’s source is below it,” Lucy explained the moment she came in.
Matteo quickly responded, “So that means the black stones should be on the cave’s ceiling, and that’s where we’re heading, right?” 
“Yes, but it’s dangerous. You guys saw how big the waterfall is. If you fall down by accident, the stalactites will pierce you, and you’ll be swept away by the current as well. That’s going to be really bad. The waterfall’s right out there, and it’s really high up. Fall, and you will perish,” Lucy emphasized. 
When she finished explaining, Vivian blanched. “T-That’s really dangerous, Matt. What should we do?” 
“It’s fine. I came with my tools, and you’d better not underestimate me. I trained a lot in the camp, and I’ve become awesome.” He calmed Vivian down just like he did when they were kids, then he spread his tools out. 
Kurt noticed it, and he came over as well. “What’s the plan?” 
“Huh?” Matteo looked up at Kurt. What’s the plan? I’ll be going down and getting the black stones. It’s not something a kid like you can do anyway. 
Matteo smiled and gave Kurt a grappling hook. “Be a good chap. Find a sturdy spot and latch this onto it. After that, just keep an eye on my sister.” 
A few moments of silence later, Kurt went away to find a place to latch the hook onto. 
Good chap? 
The veins on his forehead popped. 
###Chapter 1555
Chapter 1555
Chapter 1555 He Is Powerful 
Matteo acted fast and finished packing all the stuff in a few minutes. He was getting ready to take Lucy down the hole. 
“Matt, please be careful.” 
Vivian was worried about him. Before he left, she ran over to him and reminded him to be careful. Her eyes beamed with tears. 
Matteo reached his hand and tapped her nose playfully. 
“Okay. Don’t worry. I will be back soon.” After saying that, he led Lucy, and they both jumped down a hole in the training base. 
At that instant, the base became utterly quiet. 
It was usual for young people their age to be anxious about dealing with serious matters as such. Plus, it sounded very dangerous based on the information they got. 
After Matteo left, Vivian kept guarding the hole. She did not even dare to breathe loudly or shift her gaze. 
Nevertheless, there was no movement for a long while. 
“Kurt? Where are you?” 
She realized there was no one behind her.
She climbed out of the hole and started searching around the base. 
Still, she saw no one there. 
The only thing that caught her attention was a bag placed at the entrance and a pair of radiation protection shoes. 
Did Kurt go out? 
Upon seeing those two things, Vivian thought Kurt had left. 
She heaved a sigh of relief. She walked back to the hole which Matteo went down. While waiting for him, she kept an eye at the entrance. 
Little did she know that Kurt had also gone down the hole. 
The latter knew the layout better than Lucy. There was a map in his mind, and he knew all the details about the place. 
With that, Kurt reached the underground. 
The first thing he heard was the loud roaring sound of the water current. His heart skipped a beat as it sent shivers down his spine. 
With fully-gloved hands, Kurt tightly held on to the steel cable that was wrapped around his body. 
He grabbed his torchlight and gazed upward, trying to find the crystals. 
Just then, he thought he heard a female scream. “Ahh….” 
“Lucy!” 
A moment later, Matteo’s shout rang out too.
Upon hearing that, Kurt grabbed the steel cable and intended to swing over to see what was happening. However, something unexpected took him by surprise. 
“Argh!” 
Another tragic scream reverberated around the area. 
Kurt was bewildered to see a human figure get thrown out of the mist. The figure looked like a tiny ant compared to the tall wave. 
Kurt was rendered speechless. 
Without hesitation, he swung himself toward the wave. 
In the blink of an eye, he managed to grab Lucy and bring her to safety. 
Matteo was left in awe upon seeing that heroic scene. The color drained from his face as he could not save Lucy. 
The latter, who was finally rescued, leaned against Kurt while hugging him tightly. Ten seconds passed, and she still did not let go of him. 
Kurt’s expression turned cold. 
“All right. It’s fine now.” 
He pushed her away abruptly and tied a steel cable to her waist. 
Lucy was rendered speechless. 
Before she could say anything, Matteo went over to them. His eyes widened in awe.
“Hey, Kurt. Since when did you become so powerful? Haven’t you been studying all this while?” 
He sounded utterly displeased. 
After all, he had promised to protect them but failed. 
Kurt, two years younger than Matteo, lowered his face awkwardly. 
“Mr. Hayes asked Mr. Frost to teach me some combat arts when I accompanied Vivian to study in Yartran. He was worried the two of us might get bullied.” 
“Uh…” 
Matteo was speechless upon hearing that. 
No wonder he is so strong. He had such a good master. D*mn it. Daddy even let Mr. Frost teach him. I am his son, but I don’t even get this privilege. 
A short while later, Matteo turned delighted again. He had always been an optimistic person. 
Plus, Matteo figured Kurt could be a good assistant since the latter was so capable. 
“Good. Let’s get the black stones then. Lucy will stay here. We’ve found the location, after all.” 
“Okay,” Kurt agreed right away. 
As such, the two boys departed once again. 
This time, due to their strong abilities, they reached those black crystals in a short time. 
“They are too high. One of us needs to give the other a lift.” Matteo lowered his head and looked at the roaring current beneath them.
Kurt understood the situation too. 
###Chapter 1556
Chapter 1556
Chapter 1556 Is Kurt Your Brother 
As such, Kurt volunteered to do the lifting. 
“I’ll give you a lift. You’ll go up there.” 
“Nonsense. I’m bulkier and heavier than you. Plus, you rescued Lucy just now. It proved you’re agile. Go ahead.” 
Unexpectedly, Matteo, who was born into an affluent family, rejected Kurt’s decision without hesitation. 
He was even willing to let the latter step on his shoulder. 
Kurt appeared hesitant for a while. 
Eventually, he chose to comply with Matteo. He stepped on his shoulders and started digging for the crystals. 
Their efficiency increased gradually due to their teamwork. 
In the blink of an eye, Kurt’s cloth bag was filled to the brim. 
“Is that enough?” 
“It should be. We have to leave soon. If the next wave hits again, we will be in danger. We are right at the place where it hits.” 
Matteo had a keen observation and paid attention to the tiniest details.
Previously, he had mastered all the wave patterns of the big river. As such, he read the situation and knew the danger that was about to approach. 
Kurt obeyed him right away. 
The two boys packed the black stones and left that hazardous area. After that, they climbed back up to safety after finding Lucy, who was still tied with a steel cable. 
“Matt, you guys are finally back… Huh? Kurt? When did you go down too?” 
Vivian, who had been waiting, was delighted to see Matteo. Yet, the next moment, she was stunned upon seeing Kurt. 
While Kurt was at a loss for words, Matteo uttered, “I was the one who told him to go down as two people weren’t efficient enough. We’ve collected many of the black stones. Now we can go save Daddy.” 
Matteo was sharp enough to notice Kurt’s nervousness. He knew the latter did not want to let Vivian know about it. Hence, he answered her question on Kurt’s behalf. 
As expected, Vivian was immediately attracted to the bag full of black stones. 
“That’s great. Let’s go save Daddy now.” 
“Okay.” 
With that, they came out of the cave happily. 
That evening, Sasha, accompanying her eldest son at Oceanic Estate, heard the kids managed to get the black stones successfully. 
Overwhelmed with joy, she went up the mountain without delay.
“Mommy, look. We’ve got the black stones. You can save Daddy now.” 
“Yes.” 
Her children ran toward her excitedly and showed her their achievements. 
Upon seeing that, tears of gratitude welled up in Sasha’s eyes. 
She was thankful that she had three obedient and brilliant kids. At the age of sixteen, they were already independent like their father. 
Sasha hugged them tightly. 
“Okay. I will take these to save your daddy right now. You guys must be exhausted. Go and grab some rest.” 
“Okay. Mommy!” Vivian responded with a sweet smile. 
However, right after Sasha left, the kids gathered in secret again. 
“Matt, are you saying we should go back to Oceanic Estate?” 
“Yes, let’s tell Ian this good news. He is depressed because of Daddy. I’m sure he will be happy if we tell him about this,” Matteo analyzed smartly. 
Kurt agreed after hearing his words. 
The trio then went down the mountain before the sky turned dark. 
Lucy was somehow sad to see them leave. After all, they were almost the same age and had been through a lot together. 
“Are you guys leaving?” she uttered.
“Huh?” 
Upon hearing that, Vivian paused in her tracks. 
Matteo also turned around and glanced at Lucy, who looked reluctant. 
“Yes, we are going home. Do you want to come with us?” 
“Can I?” 
Lucy’s eyes lit up with excitement. 
She seldom had the chance to go down the mountain. 
It was the rule of the natives living there. They were required to stay within their village and not leave unless it was necessary. 
Seeing her acting so joyously, Matteo could not bear to reject her. Hence, they told Shin and took Lucy with them. 
After all, they would be back sooner or later. 
They thought they should bring her down to have some fun as a token of appreciation for her help. 
That evening, after they went back to Oceanic Estate, Matteo immediately ran to Ian’s room and told him the good news. 
As expected, Ian did not smash anything that night. 
He even ate the meal sent by the maids. 
Meanwhile, Vivian invited Lucy to sleep in her room. They shared a bed at night.
“Vivian, your house is so huge. By the way, are you and your brothers triplets?” 
“Yes. Ian is the eldest, Matteo is the second, and I’m the youngest.” 
The two girls continued to chat happily in bed after switching off the lights. 
###Chapter 1557
Chapter 1557
Chapter 1557 The Boyfriend Of Vivian 
Lucy was utterly envious after finding out the siblings were triplets. 
“You’re so lucky to have two brothers. I’m the only child in my family. By the way, what about Kurt? Is he your brother too?” 
Vivian did not know how to respond to that question. 
She remembered the last time she mentioned that Kurt was her brother, the latter seemed unhappy about it, and he kept correcting her. 
It seems like he doesn’t want to be my brother. 
Vivian let out a sigh. “No, he is a brilliant kid whom my great-grandpa brought home. However, I always treat him like a brother.” 
She couldn’t help but emphasize that because there was nothing more important than family in her heart. 
Slowly, their voices became softer, and Vivian eventually dozed off. 
The moment Lucy closed her eyes, she recalled when she got hit by the wave and how Kurt had saved her. 
At the thought of her leaning in Kurt’s embrace, her face reddened. 
Two days later, there was finally a piece of good news coming from the mountain.
After receiving the good news, Jonathan went to Ian’s room and knocked on his door early in the morning. “Ian, your daddy seems to be recovering. But your mommy is exhausted as she has been treating him these two days. Could you go up the mountain to help her out?” 
This time, he made sure to follow Grayson’s instructions perfectly. 
As soon as his words fell, the door that was shut for almost a week was finally opened. 
“Really?” Ian finally emerged and asked in a hoarse voice. 
Jonathan’s eyes started beaming with tears after seeing Ian. 
“Yes, it’s real. Your mommy called this morning. The black stones need to be ground into powder and wrapped in special herbs. Then, they were placed on your daddy’s acupoints. According to what I heard, your mommy is exhausted, and she has a fever. I wanted to ask Matteo and Vivian to go there. But they just went to the base underground to get the black stones, and they are receiving the anti-radiation injection these two days. Even more so for Kurt, as he did not wear shoes, so he…” 
Jonathan had to emphasize how the three kids were suffering, so he could persuade Ian to go. 
However, before he could finish his sentence, Ian, who had locked himself inside his room for an entire week, interrupted, “All right. There’s no need to say anything more. I’ll go there right now.” 
Jonathan smiled upon hearing that. 
As such, the matter was settled for the time being. 
It was not long before Vivian’s school started. 
Devin uttered, “Sasha won’t be able to make it if the school reopens now. Matteo is also busy. He applied for leave to come here this time, and he’ll be going back soon.”
Sabrina, who was busy taking care of her son, heard that. She put the kid’s bowl in her hand aside. 
“I’m available. Take care of our son. I will send her to Yartran and come back after her school starts.” 
She cared much about her niece and nephews. She would show up whenever there was trouble. 
Sometimes, she would even leave her own son in Devin’s hands. 
Devin stared at the chubby little boy who was pulling his boots helplessly. 
Right then, an uninvited guest suddenly appeared at the Jadeson residence. 
“Hello, may I ask if this is Oceanic Estate? I’m Dwayne, Vivian’s classmate at the Royal Academy of Yartran. Could you please let her know that I’m here?” 
It was a handsome foreign guy with blue eyes and blonde hair. The moment he appeared at Oceanic Estate, he attracted a lot of attention from the crowd. 
Ms. Vivian’s classmate? I wonder why he came here to find her. 
Everyone in Oceanic Estate was overwhelmed with joy. They immediately ran back and reported to Sabrina, who was packing stuff for her niece. 
“What did you say? Did a foreign guy come here for her? Is he in the house now?” 
Sabrina was utterly stunned upon hearing that. 
What’s going on? Vivi is still young. Why did a guy come to find her? 
She put aside the clothes in her hand and came out of the room. 
Soon after, she locked eyes with a blonde guy standing outside. He was tall, and his features were outstanding. Those were the most beautiful pair of blue eyes she had ever seen.
Sabrina’s heart skipped a beat. 
What a handsome guy. Could he really be Vivi’s boyfriend? 
She was somehow excited at the thought of that. 
“Hello. Are you here to find Vivian? I’m her aunt.” 
“Nice to meet you…” 
Dwayne was stunned momentarily, but still, he greeted her politely. 
Sabrina froze on the spot. 
Upon seeing Dwayne’s polite attitude, Sabrina became even more satisfied with him. 
He has good looks and a good attitude too. 
Sabrina immediately invited Dwayne into the house. Then, she secretly ran into the garden and called her niece. 
“Vivi, someone came to find you.” 
“Who?” 
At the same time, Vivian was in the hospital. 
As Jonathan said, they were exposed to radiation during their black stones excursion. 
Among them, Kurt suffered the most. 
Hence, Vivian was taking care of him in the hospital.
###Chapter 1558
Chapter 1558
Chapter 1558 Identity 
Back when he entered the base underground, he took off his protection shoes to prevent Vivian from finding out. 
Thus, his condition was the most severe as he had direct contact with the radiation. 
Following that incident, he could not even walk as his feet were red and swollen for several days. 
He glanced at Vivian, who was on the phone, and lowered his head to continue applying the medicine himself. 
“Dwayne? What is he doing there?” 
“How would I know? But he said his family came for a vacation, so he stopped by Jadeborough to visit you. Vivi, is he a close friend of yours?” Sabrina probed. 
She wanted to dig out some information from her niece. 
However, Vivian was too naive to sense that. 
“Yes, we are quite close. Dwayne really takes care of me in school. During the graduation ceremony, he helped me find a model, and I managed to complete the show successfully.” 
“I see.” Sabrina chuckled. 
“Then, please come back fast. He came a long way here. Don’t make him wait for too long.”
“Okay, Aunt Sabrina,” Vivian answered sweetly. 
Hanging up the phone, she turned and discovered Kurt had finished putting the medicine himself. The latter was currently lying on his bed. 
“Kurt, are you done with the medicine?” 
Kurt ignored her. 
Vivian did not understand why Kurt seemed to be pissed with her. He was leaning against the bed and scrolling through his phone. 
Vivian let out a sigh. 
“All right. Please rest well then. My friend is here, so I have to go home. Please call me when you want to go back. I’ll pick you up,” she explained, getting ready to leave. 
Kurt saw her reaching for her bag, and then he spoke icily. 
“I’ll go back with you.” 
“What?” 
Vivian was stunned momentarily. 
Ten minutes later, they walked out of the hospital. Kurt had a hard time walking, so Vivian supported him all the way. 
The duo hailed a cab and made their way home. Shortly after, they arrived at Oceanic Estate. 
“Dwayne, you’re here,” Vivian greeted Dwayne passionately upon seeing him waiting in the living room. 
After waiting for quite some time, Dwayne stood up delightfully when he finally saw Vivian.
“Yes, I’m currently on vacation. Then I remembered you live here, so I came to visit. Who is…” 
He was somehow confused and displeased to see Kurt leaning on Vivian’s shoulders. 
“This is Kurt. His feet are injured. We just came from the hospital,” Vivian explained without much thought. 
Upon hearing that, Dwayne flashed an attractive smile again. 
“I see. Let me help him then. He’s so tall, so you must be tired.” Dwayne extended his hand toward Kurt. 
However, before he could touch Kurt, the latter uttered coldly, “No need!” 
Dwayne and Vivian were both rendered speechless. 
After a few moments of silence, Vivian cast an awkward look toward Dwayne. 
“I’m sorry. Let me send Kurt back to his room first. Dwayne, please have a seat. I’ll be right back.” 
With that, Vivian continued to escort Kurt back to his room. 
How could he be so rude to the guest? Is he trying to embarrass me in public? 
Panting heavily, Vivian eventually led Kurt back to his room. 
“All right. Get some rest here. I’m going down now.” 
“Hold on a second. I want some water.” 
Kurt made a request abruptly, not giving Vivian a break. 
The latter was speechless.
Fine. I’ll help him. He’s injured, after all. 
After the kind-hearted Vivian poured him a glass of water, she was ready to go downstairs. 
Kurt was behaving strangely. It seemed like he was deliberately trying to stop Vivian from meeting Dwayne. He touched the glass and said, “The water is too hot. I want a warm one.” 
“Kurt, you…” 
Vivian kept calm and poured him another glass of water. 
“It’s too cold,” he uttered. 
Being the patient girl she always was, Vivian continued to serve him new glasses of water upon his dissatisfaction. 
“It’s too little.” 
Kurt did not intend to let Vivian leave. 
“It’s too bland.” 
“Enough, Kurt. Why are you behaving like this today? I’m not your maid. Why do you keep ordering me around? That’s it. I won’t listen to you anymore.” 
Beyond exasperated, Vivian placed the glass of water in front of him and stepped out. 
Kurt stared at her retreating figure. The rage on his face had disappeared, but his face turned ashen instead. 
He sat there and kept quiet.
That’s right. I forgot she is indeed the master. I’m merely her father’s bodyguard. 
He did not say anything more after that. 
A short while later, another girl came to his room. 
“Kurt, how are you? Do you want some water? Let me pour for you.” 
It was Lucy. 
She probably overheard Kurt’s exchange with Vivian. After seeing Vivian leave, she came in and poured the water for him. 
###Chapter 1559
Chapter 1559
Chapter 1559 My Purpose Is To Protect You 
A moment later, she placed a cup of lukewarm water with a bit of honey in front of him. 
“Here, Kurt. Have some.” 
However, Kurt did not respond. 
As if having a sudden realization, the young man staring out the window with a pair of beautiful narrow eyes suddenly became moody. 
His gaze was dark and frosty. 
Vivian was also chatting happily with Dwayne downstairs. When Dwayne noticed that she wasn’t keeping a distance from him, he gathered his courage and made a bold request. 
“Vivian, you’re about to start school. Do you want to go to school with me?” 
“What?” 
Vivian was stunned. 
Go with him? 
Is that okay? 
Instinctively, she was about to refuse.
However, she deliberated. Mommy and Ian are treating Daddy, Matt returned to the camp, Great- grandpa is old, and Aunt Sabrina has two kids and has to handle the Jadeson residence. 
They are all very busy. 
So, going to school together with Dwayne seems to be the best option. 
“Okay then. I’ll inform my uncle and aunt. Previously, they were planning to have someone send me to school.” In the end, Vivian agreed. 
“Sure. Do you want me to accompany you? You’re entering higher education after you start school, and you need to prepare some things. I can go to the mall with you.” Dwayne thoughtfully made another suggestion. 
Vivian agreed happily. 
Hence, the two went out in the afternoon. They first went to Red Pavilion to look for Devin and Sabrina. After informing them about their plan to go to school together and getting the adults’ consent, the two youngsters went to the mall. 
Back in Oceanic Estate, Lucy waited until the meal was ready before going upstairs to call Kurt. 
However, when she got to his room, she found that the door was tightly shut. She looked from outside the window, and there was nobody inside. 
“That’s strange. Where is he?” 
Lucy was puzzled. 
She didn’t know that Kurt was no longer in Oceanic Estate at that moment.
He had followed the two youngsters—not to stalk but to fulfill his responsibilities. The reason he stayed in Oceanic Estate was to protect Vivian, after all. 
“Do I have to buy so many things?” 
“Yes. After you enter higher education, you’ll have a lot of coursework. You’ll need to write in many notebooks, and you’ll have a lot of homework to complete,” Dwayne patiently explained to Vivian when they were at the mall. 
Vivian listened and nodded. 
She then carried a basket and began to choose some items. 
However, when Dwayne asked her to choose some female sanitary items, her face flushed beet red as she refused and scurried away. 
After exiting the shop, the two went to take photos. 
Dwayne once said she would have to keep many documents for school, including certificates, which all required photos. 
Vivian sat in front of the camera. 
“What a beautiful girl. Sit still and don’t move. I’ll take a beautiful picture for you.” 
“Okay.” 
Vivian obediently sat in front of the camera. 
A few minutes later, the photos came out. She looked charming in the pictures with her bright eyes and perfect teeth.
Dwayne was mesmerized by that. 
“Hey, you look very handsome. Would you like me to take a picture for you too? How about a photo of you both. We’re having a promotion now! You’ll get twenty smaller photos for a big one.” 
The owner of the photoshoot studio suddenly noticed Dwayne and was amazed by his blond hair and blue eyes. She started to persuade the two to take a photo together. 
A photo with him? 
Vivian wasn’t quite willing to do so, and she wanted to refuse. 
However, Dwayne quickly said, “Oh, I forgot. There will be many clubs in higher education. I’m the chairman of the students’ union. If you want to join any of them, you’ll need my recommendation. So, a photo of both of us is a good idea.” 
“I see…” 
Vivian hesitated again. 
Her grades were excellent in school. After her work won first place during her graduation, she promised her best friend Sonia to join a club related to design as soon as school started. 
Therefore, what Dwayne had said made it very difficult for her. 
In the end, Vivian sat in front of the camera again. 
But this time, Dwayne was next to her and was smiling brightly at the camera. 
However, when the photoshoot studio owner was about to take the picture, a sturdy figure suddenly walked in and blocked the camera.
“Who are you? Why are you blocking the camera?” 
“Kurt?” 
Vivian was shocked. 
Indeed, the person who suddenly appeared was Kurt. 
However, his presence at that moment was chilling. Devoid of emotions, he stood before Vivian and stared down at her. His dark and horrifying narrow eyes sent chills down her spine. 
Vivian couldn’t help but ask, “Kurt, what are you doing here? Have your legs recovered?” 
Under Kurt’s intimidating stare, she panicked and looked at his legs. 
However, the tension in the atmosphere did not dissipate. 
Kurt stared at her for a while without saying a word. Suddenly, he reached out and grabbed her wrist. Then, he snatched the camera from the photoshoot studio’s owner’s hands. 
###Chapter 1560
Chapter 1560
Chapter 1560 The Second Calvin 
“Hey, what are you doing? Why did you take my camera?” 
Kurt ignored her. 
His eyes were filled with a murderous aura. After taking out the memory card from the camera, he smashed the camera to the ground, and it broke into pieces. 
“Kurt Lopez!” Vivian was finally angry. 
“What the hell are you doing? Why did you destroy her camera? What’s wrong with me taking a picture? Does it even matter to you? Aren’t you being too full of yourself?” 
Vivian berated Kurt. Her words stabbed his heart like a sharp-edged sword. 
Kurt clenched his fist so hard that his knuckles turned white. 
After breaking the memory card, he turned his darkened face toward Dwayne. 
“Yes. This is my duty. You’re not allowed to take pictures with anyone without your family’s permission. It is even forbidden to have close contact with anyone. It is my job to protect you. If you have a complaint, you may take it up to your father after he wakes up. But before that happens, you’ve to get my approval before making any decisions!” 
It was as if Kurt had completely changed into a different person. While emanating a chilly aura, his eyes had darkened as he shot her a frosty glance.
That was the first time he revealed his identity to her. 
Everyone else who was present felt as if they had suddenly been struck by lightning. 
Vivian, on the other hand, was rendered speechless. 
She stared blankly into his huge obsidian eyes as if she had heard something mindblowing. However, she didn’t believe a word he said. 
He’s actually the bodyguard that Daddy arranged? 
So is he like Mr. Frost? 
Why? 
Why haven’t I heard about this? 
“Kurt…” She felt as if something was drifting further away from her. She got so scared for a moment that she wanted to reach out and grab him. 
However, Kurt loosened his grip. 
“Rest assured. I will not stand between the two of you. I will only stop anything from endangering your safety. I will not interfere with anything else.” 
Then, he threw away the broken memory card in his hand and walked away. 
Vivian was completely dumbfounded. 
Suddenly, she panicked and chased after him. 
However, Kurt’s movements were quick. A few minutes ago, he was telling Vivian he was her bodyguard. But when she rushed out of the photoshoot studio, he was nowhere to be found.
He’s as fast as Mr. Frost and the others. 
“Kurt…” 
Vivian, who was only sixteen, stood at the entrance of the photoshoot studio and burst into tears. 
Dwayne didn’t expect things to turn out like that. He glanced at the broken pieces of the memory card and the camera in shock. He no longer dared to act presumptuously. 
“Vivian, I’ll send you home.” 
“Go. Go away.” 
Vivian finally got angry. 
She was suddenly annoyed by Dwayne for some reason. If it weren’t for him, Kurt wouldn’t have confessed, and they would still be able to get along as usual. 
However, everything had changed. 
At the thought of that, more tears continued to stream down her cheeks while her heart ached even more. 
At the same time, she suddenly recalled the events during the end of the year back when she was twelve. Kurt suddenly returned but then left because she drove him away. Afterward, he disappeared for four years. 
So Daddy sent him away to train. 
What about now? 
Vivian had a sudden revelation. She felt a hint of panic and immediately took a taxi home.
However, even after returning to Oceanic Estate, Kurt never appeared since that day. 
Vivian felt so miserable that she struggled even to breathe. 
She went to ask Jonathan, Devin, and Sabrina if they saw him, but they all said they didn’t and told her that he might have returned to school. 
It seems like they have no clue about it either. 
After all, Daddy’s plans are always the most secretive. Even in his unconscious state, he had meticulously planned his every move. 
Suddenly, she thought of Kurt when he went to school with her when he was only ten years old. 
She also thought about how he would always suddenly appear in the most unexpected circumstances in the past three years. He never failed to show himself, even when she was far away. 
For the entire day, Vivian shut herself in her room and continued crying. 
The next day was finally the day for her to attend classes again. 
“Vivian, do you want me to pick you up?” 
Dwayne, who hadn’t left, called again that day to ask if she wanted to go to school with him. 
“No. Go ahead,” Vivian refused. 
She then began to pack her luggage. 
Sabrina heard the news and couldn’t bear it. She wanted to send her to school, but Vivian shook her head.
“No, Aunt Sabrina, I’m all grown up now. I’m turning seventeen after October. I can go by myself.” 
Sabrina was rendered speechless. 
That day, Vivian dragged her luggage to the airport by herself. 
The airport remained lively as usual. However, when Vivian saw the crowd when she arrived, she suddenly turned around and started searching around the waiting hall. 
He’s supposed to protect me. 
Is he here too? 
She suddenly realized that Kurt might be at the airport watching her. She dragged her luggage around and searched for him without even retrieving her boarding pass. 
“Kurt, I know you’re here. Please come out. I was wrong, and I won’t be stubborn anymore. I’ll listen to you. Will you come out, please? Kurt!” she shouted his name loudly, and her voice echoed throughout the airport. 
However, there were no signs of Kurt even after her voice turned hoarse from the shouting. Soon, tears rolled down her cheeks. 
Maybe he won’t show up anymore. 
Ever since that incident, he would only be in places where I couldn’t see him, just like Calvin. 
###Chapter 1561
Chapter 1561
Chapter 1561 Happiness 
In the end, Vivian went to school alone. 
Meanwhile, Sasha was a little sad in the mountains when she heard the news. However, it was a critical moment for her, and she couldn’t afford to relax. Hence, she had no choice but to bear the guilt and remain on the mountain. 
“Ian, how’s your daddy today?” 
After waking up that morning, she hurried to the room without washing her face. 
Ian had been guarding Sebastian since the night before. 
“Nothing happened.” Ian suddenly showed a look of disappointment when he met his mother’s reddened eyes. 
Sasha kept quiet. 
Looking at Sebastian still lying unconscious on the bed, she walked over and patted Ian on the shoulder. 
“It’s okay. I did some research last night. We have been using the black stones for your daddy’s acupuncture, but the method might not be potent enough. So I’ve decided to boil the black stones in water and use it for his bath from today onward.” 
“Huh?” 
Ian suddenly raised his head.
A bath? 
Daddy is unconscious. How is he going to have a bath? 
The sixteen-year-old boy was very worried. 
However, after Sasha laid out her plan, she immediately took action. 
After a quick shower, she ate two buns she got from the temple’s dining hall and looked for Shin. 
To bathe Sebastian, she must prepare the right equipment. The black stone is a kind of crystal. So it’d be better if it’s done in a hot spring where it’s full of minerals. 
Therefore, she went to look for Shin for advice. 
However, although Shin agreed with Sasha’s idea, there was no such suitable location in the temple. 
“Sasha, it’s not that I don’t want to, but there’s no hot spring on this mountain. Is it okay if we build one instead, then you boil the water and pour it in?” 
Sasha knitted her brows upon hearing that. 
Ian, who accompanied her there, suddenly thought of a place after hearing Shin’s words. 
“Mommy, should we just take Daddy to Jetroina? Back then, Aunt Ichika invited us to go to the hot springs. That sounds like a perfect place. You even felt better after soaking in it.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was stunned for a moment. 
That sounds like a good idea.
But is it okay for us to go there now? It’ll be a bumpy ride there, and we don’t know if we’re allowed to enter the hot spring. 
Sasha was a little perplexed. 
However, Ian, who couldn’t wait to wake up his father, called Solomon after seeing his hesitant mother. 
“Uncle Solomon, it’s Ian. Mommy said Daddy needs to take a bath with the black stones to regain consciousness. It’ll activate all the pressure points in his body, but there are no hot springs in the temple. Can I ask Aunt Ichika if we can take Daddy to the hot spring?” 
That was the first time he talked about family matters with Solomon, and he sounded desperate. 
When Solomon heard him, he felt contented because he had witnessed Ian’s courageous moment when the latter’s father was not around. 
The apple never falls far from the tree. 
That’s how he should be. 
Solomon readily agreed. 
“Sure. I’ll call your aunt now. I’ll let you know after she contacts Jetroina and confirms a date. Okay?” 
“All right. Thank you, Uncle Solomon,” Ian responded happily. 
Then, Solomon hung up the phone. 
When he got off work at noon, he didn’t stay in the company. Instead, he went straight home. 
Meanwhile, Ichika was taking care of their baby at home. Yoel Hayes, who was three years old, was adorable and well-behaved. Although he was a boy, he was different from his cousins.
He was gentle and quiet. And he was so obedient that everyone in the Hayes family liked him. 
He was probably like his father. 
“Yoel, are you hungry? Come here. I’ve cooked some spaghetti.” 
“Okay.” 
The cute little boy put down the building blocks he was playing with and obediently went over to where his mother was. 
Ichika’s heart melted as she watched Yoel slowly approach her. She then placed the spaghetti on the table, picked up her son, and sat him on the chair. 
“Mommy, here. Have some too.” 
As soon as Yoel picked up his little green spoon, he tried to scoop up a shrimp from his bowl for Ichika. 
He was a well-behaved and sensible child, but his tiny hands were still clumsy. After struggling with the spoon to scoop up the shrimp for a long time, he did not succeed. He was only three, after all. 
Ichika wanted to giggle at his uncoordinated attempts. 
“Mommy…” 
“Good boy. Here, let me help you.” 
Then, she held his tiny hand and scooped the shrimp into her mouth. 
Yoel smiled happily, feeling satisfied. 
Upon seeing that, Ichika couldn’t help but flash a warm smile as well.
Educating a child might vary according to different parts of the world. If this had happened in an ordinary family in Chanaea, they would generally refuse the child’s offer, letting the kid have all the food. 
However, Ichika was not like that. She would do anything to fulfill her son’s wishes. 
By doing that, she taught him not to be selfish and to become accustomed to sharing with his parents as a child, whether it was material or emotional stuff. 
While the mother-and-son duo was eating, Solomon arrived home. 
###Chapter 1562
Chapter 1562
Chapter 1562 Awakening 
“Mommy, Daddy is home.” 
Yoel had sharp ears, and he heard the sound of a car pulling in outside the house. 
He immediately looked outside with bright and glimmering eyes. 
Following that, he started jumping for joy. 
Upon hearing her son, Ichika turned around to have a look. When she saw the familiar figure outside the house, she also ran out happily to welcome Solomon. 
“Darling, you’re back! Have you eaten?” 
“Not yet.” 
When Solomon saw Ichika looking at him with a face full of joy, he felt great. 
As he walked into the house and saw Yoel at the dining table, happily calling out to him, his heart filled with happiness. 
Even the air he breathed had a hint of sweetness in it. 
Indeed, those who advised him back then were right. Sometimes, one must learn to let go. 
He found the happiness that belonged to him after letting go of the things that weren’t meant to be his. Ichika and Yoel were the happiness that belonged to him.
Ichika quickly went into the kitchen to prepare a bowl of spaghetti for him. 
When Solomon was done washing his hands, the steaming bowl of spaghetti was already on the table. 
“Daddy, do you want to eat my shrimp?” 
Yoel, who was only three years old, asked his father adorably after his father sat at the dining table. 
Solomon smiled and patted Yoel’s head. Then, he opened his mouth to receive the shrimp from his tiny hand. 
“Is it yummy?” 
“Hmm! It’s delicious!” 
Both father and son smiled at one another. 
Ichika’s lips curled upward when she saw their interaction. She brought her plate of spaghetti over and sat next to them. 
“Why is Yoel at home today? Didn’t he go to preschool?” Solomon asked. 
“They were disinfecting the place, so they gave the children a day off. Darling, Sasha called and said that the vegetables at the Hayes residence were ripe and told me to pick them.” 
“Again? Don’t they eat them?” 
“She loves me! Hmph!” Ichika uttered proudly. 
Indeed, in the past three years, Ichika had coaxed the ladies at the Hayes residence to where they treated her like a treasure. Even though she had already given birth to a baby, and her kid was three years old, they still treated her like their daughter.
Solomon was quite impressed by her relationship with the family. At the same time, he felt a little guilty. 
“Okay, but not today. Ian called just now, saying that his daddy is having some difficulties with his treatment. So, they need a natural hot spring. He’s thinking of taking him to your parent’s house. Is that okay?” 
Solomon finally got to the topic. 
Initially, Solomon thought that Ichika wouldn’t immediately agree. After all, the hot spring they wanted to use did not belong to the Minamoto family but the Jetroinian royal family. 
Unexpectedly, Ichika quickly put down her fork. 
“I’ll call my mother right away.” Then, she ran upstairs without eating her dinner, leaving Solomon and Yoel at the table. 
“Daddy, where is Mommy going?” 
“Don’t worry. Yoel, be good. Here, let’s eat.” Solomon turned his gaze to his son and gently put an egg and a slice of ham on his plate. 
After about ten minutes, Ichika returned downstairs after confirming with her mother. 
However, she glanced hesitantly at Solomon when she reached the bottom of the stairs. “Darling, can I go with them? I want to see my mother too.” 
“Well, sure. You can take Yoel with you,” Solomon quickly agreed. 
“Oh my God!”
Ichika was overjoyed. Overwhelmed by the excitement, she ran toward Solomon, hugged him, and kissed him on the face in front of her son. 
Solomon froze on the spot. 
Yoel awkwardly held his spoon in mid-air with his tiny hand while looking at his parents with bright and puzzled eyes. 
Is Daddy and Mommy kissing again? 
Should I hide? His friends from preschool said that children should not disturb when their parents were engaged in adult matters. 
The next day, Devin personally arranged a flight to Jetroina for Sebastian in Jadeborough. 
He used his personal helicopter to fly them over to Jetroina. After the family of three arrived and entered the hot spring zone, he deployed a barricade of defenses with all the elite special forces he had arranged. They safeguarded the place so tightly that not even a fly could enter. 
Sebastian was no ordinary man, after all. 
He was a symbol and a very important figure. Although he was unconscious in recent years, many countries were still waiting for news from him. 
They would eagerly wait as long as he was alive. However, if he died, that would be a different story. 
Hence, Devin instructed them to guard the place attentively at all times. 
Sasha brought Sebastian into the hot spring. Ichika told her that they had already prepared a place for them. 
As soon as they arrived at the hot spring, they immersed the unconscious Sebastian in the water.
“Mommy, what should we do next?” 
“Burn the black stones until they turn red, then put them into the water. I will then go into the hot spring and apply pressure to your daddy’s pressure points with acupuncture,” Sasha explained. 
Ian immediately took the black stones and burned them, not wasting another second. 
###Chapter 1563
Chapter 1563
Chapter 1563 Come Here Sasha 
Sasha sweated profusely after performing the acupuncture in the hot spring for an hour. Finally, Sebastian furrowed his eyebrows and groaned. 
“Daddy! Did you hear that, Mommy? Daddy just made a sound!” exclaimed Ian excitedly. 
“Yes, I did.” Sasha, as well as her son, was so glad to see Sebastian conscious again that they started to tear up. 
Still, Sasha continued to treat the man as Ian hurriedly jumped into the hot spring to support his father. 
Splash! 
To their surprise, Sebastian instinctively withdrew his hand when Sasha tried to insert a needle into his finger. 
Tears started rolling down Sasha’s cheeks after she saw how the man reacted to pain. 
Like his mother, Ian was so happy that his entire face was flushed. Daddy is finally awake! 
Devin was just done with his business when he received the news, after which he quickly made his way over. 
As expected, when he reached the hot spring, Devin saw Sebastian slowly climbing out with some help before sitting down on a chair. 
Covered with a towel, Sebastian had Sasha and Ian at his side.
“Come here, Sasha.” After three years in a coma, the man could barely speak properly. 
Even though he could only talk slowly in a hoarse voice, what mattered more was that he had finally awakened. After seeing Sasha, the first thing Sebastian did was extend his hand to beckon her. 
It had been a long time since Sasha heard the man call out to her, so naturally, her tears refused to stop falling. 
For the past three years, Sasha wanted nothing more than to hear that voice again. So much so that she dreamed about it almost every night. Unfortunately, his unresponsiveness was the only thing that greeted her every time she woke up. 
Trembling, Sasha took quite a while before she could move her body to approach the man. 
“I’m sorry.” He gently ran his finger over Sasha’s cheek as he gazed at her haggard face and the few strands of white hair on the top. 
Immediately, Sebastian could feel his heart aching for the sacrifice Sasha made for him. All her life, she’s been suffering for me. It all started when she was just five years old. Now, it has been thirty years, but still, she continues to suffer because of me. 
From the corner of the man’s eye, a drop of tear slowly rolled down. 
“You don’t have to apologize to me. We’re one, remember? S-Seeing you awake again is all I can ask for. Just promise me that you’ll take better care of yourself.” Sasha was so emotional that she choked a little while speaking because she was just that delighted to be talking with Sebastian again. 
To Sasha, seeing the man conscious made everything she did worth it. Compared to the living hell she was in after what happened three years ago, the things she had had to sacrifice for Sebastian were nothing.
More than anything, Sasha was grateful that she had the skills and the chance to treat the man. 
Sebastian then wiped the tears off Sasha’s face, and without saying another word, he wrapped his arms tightly around her. 
Being the sensible child that he was, Ian decided to walk away and give his parents some time alone, for he knew his mother needed that. 
However, as soon as Ian stepped out, he bumped into Devin. 
“Uncle Devin? You’re here!” 
“Yeah. So how’s your father? Are you happy to see him finally awake?” Smiling, Devin reached out to pat Ian on the head. 
“Yes, I am,” replied Ian, lowering his head somewhat embarrassedly. 
“Then you have to stop overthinking things. Duncan didn’t lie about saving your father’s life. He probably only did those seemingly unforgivable things because he had no other choice. Now that your father’s finally awake again, I’m sure he’ll figure out what happened,” explained Devin because he was aware of how much Duncan’s betrayal had affected Ian. I’m sure Ian can find it in his heart to forgive Duncan now that his father is conscious again. Even though Duncan’s father and Sebastian were enemies, the boy chose to save my friend anyway. 
Eventually, the boy nodded in agreement and walked away with Devin afterward. 
Having rested for two days, Sebastian was finally feeling better. 
“Thank you.” That was the first thing Sebastian said when he saw Devin. 
Relieved to see that colors had started to return to his friend’s face, Devin let out a long sigh.
“Don’t mention it. After all, we’re family, right?” 
“Yes, we are. So how are things right now? I heard that Eddie’s son was involved?” 
Devin nodded in response, not at all surprised that his friend brought the topic up. 
“Yes. His name is Duncan, and he used Ian to gain access to the military base. Luckily, we figured out what he was up to in time. After being sent to prison, he ingested poison and ended his own life.” 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian raised an eyebrow curiously. 
“That’s impossible. If that boy really is Eddie’s son, there’s no way they’re just going to let him take his own life. I was unconscious, so what’s stopping them from doing anything about it?” blurted the man sitting on his bed, not yet fully recovered. 
Immediately, Devin froze like a statue. 
###Chapter 1564
Chapter 1564
Chapter 1564 Daddy I Was Wrong 
“Does that mean Duncan isn’t Eddie’s son? Is that what you’re trying to say?” questioned Devin with widened eyes. I admit that I’m not as smart as Sebastian. That’s why the thought never occurred to me. And it’s not just me; Jonathan didn’t notice anything strange with the matter either. But now that Sebastian’s mentioned it… 
“It’s definitely possible. Eddie would never have put his own son in such a dangerous position. Duncan must’ve been brainwashed since he was a child. Devin, I need you to check the other children and see if they were also brainwashed.” 
Shocked, Devin immediately took out his phone to call Jonathan. 
Sasha had remained inside the room throughout the two’s conversation. After Devin walked out, she hurried over to the seemingly exhausted Sebastian. 
“You must be tired. Quickly, lie down. You should’ve listened to me and rested instead of worrying about these things so soon.” 
Sasha then gently helped the man lie back down before taking a towel soaked in warm water to wipe the sweat off his forehead. 
Sebastian was still quite weak. After being in a coma for three years, he was going to need some time to recover. Moreover, he had sustained permanent injuries from nuclear waves. Even though he had regained consciousness, he still required lengthy rehabilitation treatment. 
After an acupuncture session, Sebastian fell deep into sleep until the following day. 
“Mommy, Uncle Devin told me that Duncan was manipulated. Is that true?” Ian asked his mother intently early in the morning. 
There was a look in his eyes showing that he was eager to get some answers. 
Sasha gently patted the boy on the head. “Be patient. You can ask your father that after he wakes up, okay?” 
Left with no other choice, Ian agreed to wait in the end. 
Oddly enough, the boy didn’t dare to stay too long around Sebastian ever since his father regained consciousness. As much as he wanted to see Sebastian awake again, he was afraid that his father would be upset with him for what he had done. What if he’s disappointed with how useless I’ve been over the past three years? 
Ian paced back and forth anxiously as he waited for his father to wake up. 
At nine o’clock, when the sunlight entered the room through the window, Ian finally saw his father’s eyes open. 
“Daddy, are you awake?” inquired Ian nervously while approaching the man. 
When Sebastian saw a tall and slender figure standing by his bedside, he gazed at the young man’s face, almost identical to his own. 
“Come. Help your old man get up,” requested Sebastian with a smile before extending his hand. 
Even though Ian had yet to become a grown man, he had just enough strength to help his father sit up on the bed.
Sebastian could finally take a proper look at his son after three years. 
Glad to see how much Ian had grown, Sebastian patted the boy gently on the head. 
“Is there something you need? I thought you left with your Uncle Devin.” 
“No, it’s just that… I want to apologize to you, Daddy. I did something stupid.” 
Shortly after lowering his head, Ian had tears bursting out of his eyes like a busted faucet, and they just kept coming. 
Sebastian could tell how much pain Ian was in because his son rarely cried like that. 
For the first time, Sebastian put his arms around Ian to embrace the boy, who could not stop crying on his lap. Even when Ian was young, the two rarely shared intimate moments like that. 
“I don’t blame you, Ian. Nobody goes through life without making mistakes. Even though they bring us pain and suffering, they’re necessary for growth. We live and learn; that’s just how the way it is.” 
“Really?” inquired Ian, finally lifting his head to wipe off the tears. 
Sebastian nodded with a gentle smile. “Take what happened to you as an example. Now that you know what it’s like to be betrayed, you’ll be more careful next time, won’t you? I’m sure the experience has taught you a lesson you’ll never forget. A very valuable one too, I might add.” 
Like a lighthouse to a lost ship, Sebastian guided Ian and helped the boy deal with the guilt. 
Sebastian had always been better at figuring out Ian than Sasha or the two Jadesons, for he knew how much alike he and the boy were. I know what Ian’s going through right now. He just needs some guidance. That’s all.
###Chapter 1565
Chapter 1565
Chapter 1565 The Mission 
Sebastian wondered if things would have turned out differently had Frederick done the same thing for him. Maybe I wouldn’t have to suffer in a mental hospital for six years. Anyhow, I have to do right by my son. 
As expected, Ian stopped crying as soon as he heard his father. The boy quickly dried his tears before nodding like a determined adult. 
“I won’t make the same mistake again, Daddy.” 
“I’m glad to hear that. Don’t be too hard on yourself, Ian. The whole thing with Duncan was planned, so you couldn’t possibly have anticipated it.” 
“Then… Then what should we do now?” 
“If you’re up for it, I have a mission for you. I’ve had a discussion with Devin, and we realized that we have no idea how many of those who went to the military base with you were like Duncan. Because of their identities, your Uncle Devin and great-grandpa might not be the best people to investigate. That’s why I think you’re the best fit for the job.” 
Ian was utterly taken aback when asked to consider such an important mission. 
Staring at Sebastian in shock, Ian could not believe that his father would entrust something so critical to him after his mistake. 
The boy suddenly felt a rush of excitement and was ready to find courage once again.
“So will you do it?” 
“Yes, of course! You can count on me!” agreed Ian instantly while nodding fervently, afraid that his father would reconsider assigning him the mission if he responded a second later. 
“Good. I’ll fill you in with the details later. I know this is your first mission, Ian, so I hope that everything works out for you. We’ll celebrate when you return, okay?” Sebastian gave Ian an assuring smile, relieved to see how his son had regained confidence once again. I know Ian is destined for great things because he’s my son! 
It did not take long before the news reached Devin and Jonathan, who got concerned when they heard that the sixteen-year-old was assigned with such a dangerous mission. 
However, Sebastian did not feel the same way. “Even a lion cub needs to learn how to hunt before it can become the king of the forest. You don’t have to worry about Ian. That boy is smarter than two of you combined!” 
Jonathan made a face when Sebastian ridiculed his intelligence. How dare this b*stard of a grandson mock me as soon as he gets the chance! So what if I’m not as bright as Ian? The boy’s only that gifted because he has my genes! 
Since Sebastian had already regained consciousness, the gang was ready to head back. 
When Ichika’s parents heard the good news from their daughter, they insisted on having Sebastian and Sasha over for dinner. 
Sebastian thought it was only normal since they had not seen each other for three years, so he accepted the invitation. 
That evening, Ichika personally drove over to pick up the couple.
“Sha, Sebastian, I hope you don’t mind being dragged out like this. It’s just that my father got a little too excited after hearing that you’re awake again.” 
Worried that her parents might have caused the two some inconvenience, Ichika repeatedly apologized on the way. 
Sasha quickly shook her head in response after hearing what Ichika had to say. “Don’t worry about it. After what your parents have done for us, we’re more than glad to have dinner with them. Oh, that reminds me. We didn’t have the time to buy them something nice, so would you mind dropping us at the mall for a few minutes, Ichika?” 
Meanwhile, Sebastian said nothing since he tried to get some shut-eye beside Sasha. 
Naturally, Ichika turned down the woman’s generosity. 
“That won’t be necessary, Sha. You two are like family to us, so there’s no need for such formalities.” 
“But—” 
“We probably shouldn’t get them anything then. I’ve been in a coma for three years, so we’re kind of financially tight right now. Tell them we’ll get them something next time,” chimed in Sebastian, who seemed somewhat half-awake. 
Immediately, there was a sense of awkwardness in the air. 
Sasha stared at Sebastian and wondered if the man was just sleep talking. Oh, my goodness! That was embarrassing! Does he really have to mention our financial situation? 
The three finally arrived at the Minamoto residence two hours later.
“Dad! Sha, look who’s here to welcome you!” exclaimed Ichika excitedly when she saw her family waiting just outside the house. Even the white-haired elder was there. 
Sasha was touched to see the Minamotos’ warm gesture, so she quickly got out of the car to get the wheelchair. 
When Giichi realized what Sasha was doing, he hurried over to lend a hand without a second thought. 
###Chapter 1566
Chapter 1566
Chapter 1566 To Spend Some Time Alone 
“Thank you for your help, Mr. Minamoto. My husband is still recovering, so he’s going to need this to help him move around for the time being,” stated Sasha, slightly embarrassed that she needed the assistance. 
However, Giichi did not mind helping at all. In fact, he was just glad to see Sebastian alive and well. 
“I’m just happy to see that he’s awake again. To tell you the truth, I’ve never been impressed by anybody other than Sebastian. Even after hearing about my own mother’s passing, I only felt sadness. But what happened to your husband three years ago? That was a real shame…” 
Like most Jetroinian, Giichi was straightforward when it came to expressing his feelings. He could not help but share them directly after seeing Sebastian once again. 
Sasha was even more moved after listening to the head of the Minamoto family. 
Ten minutes later, Sebastian and Sasha were welcomed again when she pushed the man into the house. 
“Since my mother is Sasha’s grandmother, that means I’m her uncle. We’re family, Mr. Hayes, so consider this your home too. Make yourself comfortable here.” 
“That’s right. We are indeed a family!” Aoi agreed with her husband. 
Keeping silent, Sasha turned to look at Sebastian and noticed something she had never seen before.
She knew how much the man disliked people trying to ingratiate themselves with him, but at that moment, there was a glimmer of gentleness in his eyes as he responded, “Then you should start calling me Sebastian.” 
“Sure… I mean, of course, Sebastian!” 
Even though those were simple words, they were enough to pull two families closer. 
With the gap between them closed, Sebastian and the others enjoyed themselves in each other’s company that night. 
Since Sebastian was still recovering, he was not allowed to ingest any alcohol. Otherwise, the evening would have been even rowdier. 
After dinner, the Minamotos offered to send the couple to the airport personally. 
Along for the ride were Ichika and her son. 
“Ichika, you have to come home whenever you can, okay? I’m going to miss you and my adorable grandson dearly,” reminded Aoi as she gazed at the three-year-old Yoel with a heavy heart. 
In response, the boy stared back at his grandmother as if he could understand how she felt. “I want Grandma.” 
“What?” Tears immediately burst out of Aoi’s eyes when she heard her grandson. 
Aoi only had two daughters; one was in a vegetative state, while the other had moved far away. Hence, it was only natural that it would pain her to watch her daughter and grandson leave her. 
Seeing how emotional her mother was, Ichika, too, got teary-eyed.
As much as Ichika wanted Aoi to stay with her for a while, she worried that her father would disagree. After all, in their culture, it was inappropriate for the matriarch of a family to stay at her son-in-law’s for a long time. “Mom—” 
“If you don’t mind, Mr. Minamoto, why not let Mrs. Minamoto come stay a few days with us in Jadeborough? We’ve already known each other for a long time. Yet, I haven’t had the chance to invite you to come over. So what do you say?” The man in the wheelchair suddenly extended an invitation. 
Immediately, Aoi tightened her arms around her grandson as she looked beggingly at her husband. That was brilliant! Since Sebastian was the one who made the offer, there is no way Giichi would turn the man down. After all, we were invited to stay with the most influential family in their country. 
As expected, Giichi accepted the invitation in the end. “I don’t see why not. Since it’s winter, there’s not much to do anyway. I’ll go pick her up when I’m done with my business.” 
Ichika immediately jumped for joy when she heard that. “Yes! Thank you, Dad! Come over as soon as you can, okay? We’ll be waiting for you.” 
At that moment, Ichika was like a child who got the present she had always wanted on a Christmas morning. She was so happy she could cry. 
Not long after they boarded the plane, the exhausted Sebastian immediately fell asleep. 
When he woke up, he realized that they had reached the Oceanic Estate and that it was evening already. 
“Did you sleep well?” 
Gazing at the woman he loved under the warm bedroom light, Sebastian could not think of a better view to wake up to. 
The man felt much better after taking a sip of the tea his wife handed him.
“What time is it?” 
“It’s around nine o’clock in the evening. You have no idea how many people came to visit today, but Devin and Jonathan sent them away. I don’t think that’s going to stop many others from coming, though,” voiced Sasha with a hint of annoyance on her face. I guess it was to be expected. After all, for Sebastian to regain consciousness is probably a big deal to the entire city. 
Whether they truly cared about Sebastian or had ulterior motives, she knew people would just keep coming until they saw him in the flesh. 
Sebastian, too, had an annoyed look on him after hearing that. 
###Chapter 1567
Chapter 1567
Chapter 1567 How Is Kurt Now 
“In that case, let’s go to another place to get some rest.” 
Sasha looked up upon hearing it. 
“Hmm? Where should go then?” 
“Let’s go to Miralaea. Do you remember that place? We used to stay there with our kids. It’s a peaceful place, and no one will disturb us if we live there.” 
Sasha’s eyes glowed after Sebastian mentioned that place. 
He’s right! Why have I forgotten about Miralaea? Since the climate is pleasant there, it’s the best place for us to get some rest there. 
Sasha agreed cheerfully to Sebastian’s idea. 
At night, she decided to discuss their plan with the Jadesons. Jonathan was in a bad mood after meeting a lot of visitors at the Jadeson residence. 
Nonetheless, he didn’t say no after listening to Sasha. 
Hence, Sebastian decided to go to Miralaea secretly three days later to recharge themselves. 
Sebastian wanted to spend the remaining three days figuring out all of the changes around him throughout the three years when he was asleep. After all, if things were a lot worse than he expected, Sebastian still had some time to make plans.
By doing so, he could put his mind at ease and leave for Miralaea. 
Standing beside Sebastian, Karl said, “Mr. Matteo is doing fine in Mr. Devin’s battalion. He will take the college entrance exam after one and a half years and has been studying hard for it. His dream is to be enrolled at the National Defense University.” 
Sebastian murmured a response. “Okay.” 
After that, Karl continued, “As for Mr. Ian—” 
“You don’t have to worry about him, for I’ve already made some arrangements. However, choose two strong subordinates to stay close to protect him. I know that he doesn’t care about his safety much,” Sebastian interrupted. 
Karl quickly replied that he had fully prepared for it. 
Later, Sebastian mentioned Vivian after talking about Matteo and Ian. 
“By the way, I haven’t received her call ever since I woke up. Did you inform her about it?” 
“Yes, we did. Kurt said that Ms. Vivian was enrolled in the elite class right after she started school. As such, she had a lot of homework. Before Ms. Vivian graduated from high school, a set of clothes that she designed became Lady Adalyn’s favorite. Hence, Lady Adalyn hired Ms. Vivian to be her exclusive designer.” 
Karl couldn’t help but feel proud as he spoke. 
After all, Karl had taken care of Vivian since she was young and treated her like his daughter. As such, he was proud to know her outstanding achievement. 
Sebastian smiled in relief after Karl handed a photo over to him.
“How is Kurt?” Sebastian asked as soon as he remembered the little boy. 
Much to Sebastian’s surprise, Karl seemed hesitant once he heard the question. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Sebastian looked up at Karl once he sensed that something was wrong. 
After quite some time, Karl scratched his head and explained, “After Vivian went to high school, he proposed that he should stop seeing Vivian directly.” 
“What does it mean?” 
“Throughout the three years when you were asleep, he was tasked with protecting Ms. Vivian. Hence, they always met each other. However, a year ago, he suddenly told me that he shouldn’t show up. Otherwise, others might begin to suspect Vivian.” 
Karl finally revealed what Kurt had told him before. 
Kurt said that although he could continue protecting Vivian, he had to avoid seeing her. After all, Vivian’s relationships with others would get complicated after she went to high school. 
Therefore, Kurt didn’t want to always appear by Vivian’s side and cause suspicion. 
Karl was in a dilemma after listening to it. 
At that moment, Sebastian frowned once Karl finished. 
“What does it have to do with seeing Vivian? I mean, his identity isn’t revealed.” 
“It was.” Karl felt even more embarrassed.
“Kurt told me he admitted to Ms. Vivian that you sent him to protect her. I investigated it and asked Lucy for more information. Vivian fell out with Kurt recently because she probably didn’t want Kurt to control her.” 
Karl brought up the woman of the indigenous people called Lucy. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was worried because Kurt, who was supposed to protect Vivian, didn’t always follow her. 
At the same time, Sebastian was in a dilemma because Vivian disliked his arrangement. 
The young ones like freedom and refuse to be restrained by their parents. 
In the end, Sebastian decided not to dwell on it. 
Nevertheless, Sebastian asked Karl to call Kurt over before leaving. 
Two days later, Kurt, who hadn’t appeared in Oceanic Estate for quite some time, finally arrived. 
“Is that Kurt? You’re here! Where have you been these days? We’re worried about you.” 
“Exactly! Why didn’t you tell us before you leave? Do you know all of us were worried about you?” 
Everyone in Oceanic Estate was overjoyed and surrounded Kurt once he came back. 
Apparently, everyone cared about him very much. 
However, Kurt, who wore a blue sweater, looked tense and didn’t utter a word. 
###Chapter 1568
Chapter 1568
Chapter 1568 He Has No Right 
Sasha saw Kurt and shouted from upstairs, “Kurt, over here! Uncle Sebastian wants to see you.” 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
Usually, Kurt wouldn’t be afraid in the face of enemies with weapons. However, he couldn’t help but feel his heart racing in fear once he looked up at Sasha. 
In the end, Kurt had no choice but to go upstairs with a sigh. 
“Is that Kurt? Come in.” 
Kurt heard the imposing voice as soon as he arrived outside the room. 
He couldn’t help but gulp nervously before entering the room. 
“Uncle Sebastian…” 
“Have a seat.” 
Sebastian wore a beige sweater and sat in the wheelchair. He looked a lot better after getting some rest in the Oceanic Estate for two days. As the sunlight poured into the room via the window, Kurt could see Sebastian’s handsome face. 
After a while, Kurt sat down cautiously.
At that moment, Kurt was afraid to look into Sebastian’s eyes, for he had no idea what Karl had told Sebastian. Will Uncle Sebastian think that I’ve been slacking in work and scold me sternly? 
Despite that, Kurt was happy to see that Sebastian looked a lot better in the wheelchair. After all, the latter had been lying still on the bed when he visited in the past. 
“Throughout these years, I was sick and couldn’t take care of the family. I thank you for sharing my burden at such a young age.” 
“D-Don’t mention it. I-It’s what I should do anyway…” 
Kurt stammered because he didn’t expect Sebastian would suddenly thank him. 
Sebastian was probably the only person in the world who could make Kurt feel nervous. 
Sebastian gave Kurt a look of approval and smiled. 
The next moment, Sebastian took out a document from a folder and read it quietly before Kurt. 
“Well, your result is not bad! Are you going to take the college entrance exam soon? Which university do you prefer?” 
“What?” 
Kurt was a little confused about what was going on. 
“I… I haven’t thought about it.” 
“How about Atlantius University?” Sebastian suggested casually. 
Atlantius? 
Suddenly, Kurt looked up at Sebastian, and his eyes widened in shock.
Is Uncle Sebastian kidding me? This university is renowned throughout the world. 
Besides, the university is located in Yartran and is two hours’ drive from the city of Royal Academy. What does he mean by that? 
Unknowingly, Kurt’s breaths quickened. 
“Uncle Sebastian, I don’t wish to study overseas. Instead, I only wish to stay here.” 
“Why not? Isn’t it good to go overseas? Besides, the university is near Vivian’s. Since your responsibility is to protect her, isn’t it more convenient if you can study there?” Sebastian said straightforwardly. 
Deep down, Sebastian always believed that Kurt could protect Vivian well. 
Although Kurt and Vivian quarreled, Sebastian thought it wasn’t a big deal, for they would eventually reconcile. 
Unexpectedly, Kurt lowered his head dejectedly once he heard Sebastian’s suggestion. At that moment, Sebastian saw the grim expression on Kurt’s face, which didn’t match his young age. 
“Uncle Sebastian, I’m about to discuss it with you. Can I get another task?” 
“What?” Sebastian was shocked. 
“Why do you want to change your task? Isn’t it good enough? Didn’t you insist on protecting Vivian in the past? Why would you want to change it three years later?” 
“I…” 
At that moment, the 15-year-old teenager almost wanted to pour out his feelings before Sebastian, who always treated him like his father.
It’s because your daughter doesn’t like it. 
I don’t want to see her in a bad mood every day. She always thinks that I’m only there to protect her. 
Kurt clutched his fist as he was deep in thought. 
In the end, Kurt, known to be a young man of few words, said briefly, “I want to study.” 
Sebastian asked, “Study?” 
Kurt nodded in response. “I wish to study at the University of Technology. Uncle Sebastian, you promised me that you wouldn’t stop me from making my choice.” 
Meanwhile, Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
Kurt was smart enough to stop Sebastian from saying no with his words. 
Left with no choice, Sebastian had to agree to it. 
“In that case, let’s discuss again after you’ve finished taking the college entrance exam. I still need to rest since I’ve just woken up. As such, I’ll take some time off in Miralaea. We’ll make the arrangement afterward. Is that okay?” 
“Sure…” Kurt nodded. 
Initially, Kurt thought he would be happy after having the conversation with Sebastian. 
However, Kurt’s heart skipped a beat once he stepped out of the room. 
It was like someone pierced through Kurt’s heart and took out something that didn’t belong to him. He stood still for quite some time before regaining his energy to go downstairs.
“Kurt, did Uncle Sebastian and Ms. Sasha scold you? Are you alright?” Lucy came over and asked Kurt worriedly when she saw that he looked grim. 
Nonetheless, Kurt left the Oceanic Estate soon without saying anything. 
The next day, Sebastian and Sasha took the flight to Miralaea. 
Also, Kurt disappeared once again. 
###Chapter 1569
Chapter 1569
Chapter 1569 She Wants A Birthday Party 
Three months later, Vivian, who got into the elite class, had managed to adapt herself to the busy schedule and didn’t feel tense like before. 
“Vivian, you did well in your foundation course. I think you can put your mind at ease from now on.” 
Sonia was happy for her. 
After all, she knew that the journey hadn’t been easy for Vivian. 
Vivian came to Yatran when she was twelve, and her parents weren’t there to keep her company. Hence, she had to do everything on her own and work extra hard compared with other local kids. 
At the same time, Vivian was overjoyed at her achievement. 
After recalling her conversation with Sasha over the phone yesterday, Vivian decided to invite her good friend to her birthday party. 
“Sonia, tomorrow is my birthday. Daddy and Mommy have promised that they’ll plan a birthday party for me here if I want to. Would you like to come?” 
“Really? Of course!” 
Sonia was excited, for it was the first time Vivian had invited Sonia to her birthday party. 
Vivian had an intense argument with Helena when she came to the school. Since then, everyone knew that Vivian came from a prominent family.
However, she had always kept a low profile and never wanted to draw people’s attention. 
Therefore, Sonia was excited and proud because she was the first friend whom Vivian invited. 
“Vivi, will you invite others?” 
“Well… I haven’t thought about it.” 
Tilting her head, Vivian felt conflicted. 
After becoming more mature over the years, Vivian understood that she ought not to act ostentatiously due to her status. 
It was why Vivian chose to keep a low profile all the time. 
Vivian could just inform her parents if she invited Sonia alone. However, she had to get her parents’ permission if more friends were invited. 
After the class was over, Vivian returned to her hostel and called Sebastian. 
“Daddy, tomorrow is my birthday. Can I… invite my friends to my birthday party?” 
“Sure…” Sebastian replied affectionately. 
Vivian was surprised and overjoyed that Sebastian agreed to it so quickly. 
“Really? Daddy, I thought…” 
“What did you think?” 
Meanwhile, Sebastian had a medical spa prepared by Sasha in the villa in Miralaea. He would feel energized and relaxed every time he did it.
“Vivi, don’t overthink it. Daddy is here. Just have fun if you want to. Tell me the number of guests after you’ve confirmed it, and I’ll hold the party for you.” 
Sebastian understood Vivian’s concern and caringly wanted to arrange everything for her. 
The next moment, Vivian got emotional. 
“Okay. Daddy, you’re so nice! I’ll invite my friends now and see you tomorrow morning.” With that, Vivian hung up the phone excitedly. 
Vivian was still a kid, after all. 
Meanwhile, Sasha happened to come with some dessert. 
Feeling amused, Sasha asked, “What happened? Did Vivian call you?” 
“Yes. Vivi wants to invite her good friends to her birthday party. Anyway, I owe her so much for all these years. It was me who sent her to somewhere far when she was very young.” 
There was a hint of regret in Sebastian’s eyes as he said that. 
After a while, Sasha put down the dessert and sat beside him. 
“You don’t have to blame yourself. Instead, you’ve repaid the kids by waking up from the comma. Do you know that they always rushed home after school to check up on you every day? For three years, their biggest hope was that you could wake up.” 
“I see.” 
“Besides, did you notice that the three kids have grown up a lot because you were in a coma? We should be happy about it,” Sasha said smilingly while handing over the dessert to Sebastian.
In the end, Sebastian decided not to be troubled by it anymore. 
After having dessert and the spa, Sebastian asked Karl to arrange the birthday party. 
Karl replied, “Is it tomorrow? Since Kurt is attending an exam these days, I’m afraid he can’t make it to Yartran. In terms of protecting Ms. Vivian—” 
“You should be there personally. After all, the party will only last for a day. Since Vivian is holding her birthday party for the first time, I’m sure many people will come without an invitation. Hence, you should bring more men to protect her,” Sebastian instructed. 
Karl responded affirmatively before hanging up the call. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was excited about it and had a sound sleep. 
After she invited Sonia last night, the other classmates who were close to them knew about Vivian’s birthday party very soon. As such, many sent messages to Vivian via their social media accounts. 
###Chapter 1570
Chapter 1570
Chapter 1570 Receives Flowers In Front Of Everyone 
Mona: Vivi, I heard you’re celebrating your birthday tomorrow. I’m so excited! Can I attend your birthday party? 
Chris: Vivi, I heard it’s your birthday tomorrow. I’ve prepared a birthday present for you. I’ll give it to you tomorrow. 
Vivian was overwhelmed when dozens of unread messages from her classmates and friends popped up on the screen. 
She knew people in Yartran loved to attend various types of parties and gatherings. However, she was utterly speechless at the sight of all the messages requesting her invitation to her birthday party. My goodness! How can I invite all of them? I bet all of us will be packed in like sardines in my small villa! 
She finally shortlisted seven classmates with whom she was more familiar to attend her birthday party. 
After washing up, she was about to leave and head back to her villa for preparation. The moment she went down, a tall and good-looking young man with a bouquet of flowers in his hands came into view. 
“Vivi, happy birthday!” he wished her blissfully at once. 
Vivian’s face was flushed red instantaneously. She blurted out, “Ah? Dwayne, why are you here?” 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t give you a call yesterday as I was too busy. Ah! Fortunately, I’m in time to be here! My Princess, I’m here to send this bouquet and birthday present to you. Happy birthday!” Dwayne handed the presents to her eagerly. There were flickers of charming smiles in his pair of unique blue eyes.
In an instant, it whipped up everyone in the female dorm. 
“Good gracious! Isn’t he Dwayne? Look! He’s here to send our junior a bouquet!” the girls squealed excitedly. 
Covering their mouths, they gazed at Vivian and Dwayne in disbelief. There were complex emotions of envy, jealousy, and sheer agitation in their eyes. 
Dwayne had been basking in the limelight in their school. He had a captivating good look and was from a prominent family. Apart from that, he excelled in his studies and had been the president of the students’ union all the while. Needless to say, the girls tended to fall head over heels for him. 
Nonetheless, they were taken aback by Vivian’s response. There was not the slightest bit of joy on her face when Dwayne handed her the bouquet and birthday present. In fact, there was even a frown on her dainty face. 
Seconds later, she turned him down. “Dwayne, thanks for your flowers and present. But I can’t accept them. Please excuse me. I need to go home first as I have something on.” 
The next moment, she walked past him and left. 
All the girls who poked their heads out from the female dorm to observe them were dumbfounded. 
Meanwhile, Dwayne blushed crimson as he remained rooted to the spot. He had never experienced such an embarrassing moment before! It was the first time someone had turned him down. Not to mention, he was rejected in front of everyone! 
Bottling up his embarrassment, he tightened his grip around the flowers and present in his hands. 
Back in her villa, Vivian spent a long time on the preparation before her birthday party.
Sebastian had bought her the villa when she first came to Yartran. Even so, it was in a relatively secluded area. Sebastian chose it so she would not attract unintentional attention in school. 
As her friends and classmates were going over to attend her birthday party, she even tried to clean up the mini garden outside the villa before the arrival of her guests. 
“Ms. Vivian, just let me deal with that. You shouldn’t be doing all these by yourself.” One of the housemaids tried to stop her. 
The two housemaids had been taking care of her in the villa throughout the three years. They felt bad when Vivian was busy making preparation by herself. 
Even so, she shook her head. “It’s all right. I’m fine with doing it by myself.” After that, she continued with her task. 
Later, Sonia reached first in the afternoon with a few young girls. 
They could not resist but gasp when the villa came into view. It never came across their minds that Vivian was staying at such a beautiful villa. 
They were mesmerized by the lavishly designed villa. Even though it was not really big, the design of its outer part and the surroundings indicated that it was not affordable for everyone. 
“Ah! So Vivi is just like a real princess, isn’t she?” one of the girls joked. 
“Of course. Don’t you know that the haughty Helena loves to mock and humiliates Vivi every day? Even so, Vivi never bothers to retort her words. Apparently, she is just being low-profile,” the girl alongside her commented. 
“Yeah, it seems her family is as rich as Helena’s!” another girl echoed.
A few of them were close with Vivian in school. Thus, they were happy for her to be able to stay at such a fancy villa. 
When Vivian stepped out of the villa and saw them, she was over the moon. 
“Sonia, Mona, you’re here! Come in now!” She welcomed them with open arms and invited them into the villa. 
When they stepped into the villa, their eyes lit up at what came into sight. Instead of being luxuriously designed as expected by them, a simple elegance was incorporated into the interior design. The unique lavishness amid the low-key style of the villa gave them a cozy feel. 
Vivian led them to the living room and asked eagerly, “I’ve spent a long time decorating the place. What do you think about it?” 
“Quite nice, but you need to add on more balloons. Oh yeah, Vivi, I know how to bake. I’ll bake a birthday cake for you, okay?” Mona replied cheerfully. 
“My goodness! Are you really going to bake me one?” Vivian was on cloud nine. 
Undoubtedly, all the girls in Yartran looked capable in general. 
After a while, the girls started to help Vivian with her preparation before the arrival of the other guests. Other than Mona, who volunteered to bake cakes, the rest prepared fruit salad and assisted Vivian with the decorations. 
Shortly after, the whole villa was shrouded by blissfulness and warmth amid the girls’ giggles. 
###Chapter 1571
Chapter 1571
Chapter 1571 Showing Up When There Is Risk 
When it finally struck five in the afternoon, Vivian was ready to welcome all the other classmates who would turn up at any time. 
She had already changed into a beautiful dress earlier on. When she heard the doorbell ring, she rushed to open the door at once. “Coming!” 
“Ah! Lady Adalyn?” She was astounded when the guest and a few cars came into view. 
It never occurred to her that the guest who reached the earliest would turn out to be Adalyn. Not to mention, she was the one who had hired Vivian as her personal designer right after she received the award previously. 
Deep down, Vivian could not help but wonder. Why is she here? 
Adalyn, who was exquisitely dressed, got out of the car and smiled friendlily at Vivian. “I happen to know that you are celebrating your seventeenth birthday today. Thus, I’m here to send you my best wishes. What’s wrong? You don’t seem happy to see me here.” 
Undoubtedly, Adalyn was a good-natured and compassionate person. Other than Vivian, all the other students could also sense her great concern toward them throughout the years. Ever since she was involved in the development of the school, she had been voicing her opinions for the sake of the students’ wellbeing. As a result, all of them stood to benefit. 
Furthermore, Adalyn had a soft spot for Vivian ever since she gained fame with her victory in her previous competition. Thus, the former had helped her a lot in pursuing her dream as a designer. 
“Ah! Of course not! I just didn’t expect that you’d attend my birthday party. Lady Adalyn, please come in!” Vivian welcomed her excitedly. 
Her heart leaped with joy when she knew Adalyn was there to attend her birthday party. 
Even so, her smile froze when she caught a glimpse of the guests from the other two cars. One of them turned out to be Dwayne, whom she had turned down earlier on. 
Meanwhile, the other one was Helena, her so-called mortal enemy! 
“Vivian!” Sonia and the others rushed over to stand by her side apprehensively, fearing that Helena might stir up trouble. 
Before Vivian came to her senses, Helena had strutted toward them in her heels. Accompanied by two bodyguards, she looked as though she was a queen. 
“Vivian Wand, I heard it’s your birthday today. Here’s your birthday present.” Wearing a look of haughty disdain, she handed Vivian a present. 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
Right that instant, Dwayne advanced toward them and explained hastily, “Vivian, it’s a coincidence for us to be here. We were at Lady Adalyn’s place a while ago. When she heard that you’re having a birthday celebration, she made up her mind at once to come over together with us.” 
Helena snorted. “That’s right! Why else do you think that I would be here if that’s not the case?” 
The next moment, an insolent Helena tossed the present to Vivian and entered the villa without sparing them another glance.
Her arrogance sent Sonia and the others into a frenzy. 
Meanwhile, Vivian’s frown deepened into a scowl. 
Shortly after, something came to her mind as she gazed at the guests in her villa, who obviously outnumbered her expectation. In an instant, her eyes lit up. Since there are more guests than expected, I bet the so-called risk exposure for me will tend to be higher in a way, right? I wonder if he will appear under such a circumstance… 
Her heart skipped a beat uncontrollably. As her face was flushed red, she looked down hastily so nobody would sense it. 
Ten minutes later, the feast was almost going to start. 
“Oh my! Vivi, you’re so beautiful!” one of her classmates gasped in delight. 
“Yeah! Vivi, you’re gorgeous like an angel! No doubt, you’re the most beautiful girl among all the new higher education students in our school! You look stunning!” another girl alongside her squealed admiringly. 
The guests were flushed with excitement when Vivian emerged amid their anticipation. Dressed in a unique dress that her parents custom made for her with a tiara, everyone was fascinated by her sheer beauty when she walked down the stairs gracefully. 
It was as though she was a fairy among the others. Ever since she was in her teenage days, her earlier baby fat seemed to be fading away gradually. Her flawless small face had transformed into a perfectly dainty oval shape. Apart from that, her big round eyes were as shiny as the glittering stars in the sky. The others could barely take their eyes off her when they cast their look on her. 
Undoubtedly, she took after both her parents’ good looks, and there were no words to describe her breathtaking beauty.
When all eyes were on her, an instant silence ensued in the whole living room. 
All the girls could not resist feeling envious of her and catching their breath. 
Green with envy, Helena gritted her teeth. She could not accept that she was suddenly non-comparable to Vivian’s captivating beauty. 
Thus, she turned and shot her flaring look at Dwayne, the most eye-catching guy of all. Why is he suddenly back today? 
Dwayne had made up a story when he explained to Vivian moments ago how he ended up attending her birthday party with Adalyn. Hmph! Apparently, he visited Lady Adalyn with an ulterior motive! While chatting with her, he brought up the topic of her birthday party intentionally! 
Glaring at the young man with his eyes glued to Vivian, Helena felt a surge of intense jealousy within herself. The hint of burning passion in his eyes was driving her insane. 
A few minutes later, all the guests huddled over Vivian for her candle-blowing session. Right that instant, Helena stepped out at once when something flashed across her mind. She approached one of the girls and patted her shoulder. 
“Ms. Helena?” the girl turned and called out in bafflement. 
“Did you see the decorative statue over there in the living room? I need you to do something for me. When the light is off for her candle-blowing session later, I want you to push it down!” Helena instructed coldly. 
Horror-stricken, the girl’s eyes widened in fear. “M-Ms. Helena?” 
Even so, Helena was blinded by her intense jealousy. There was merely the hint of ghastly ferocity in her eyes.
###Chapter 1572
Chapter 1572
Chapter 1572 The Consequence Of Harming Their Princess 
The decorative statue was a statue of the Venus Goddess. Vivian bought it earlier for her convenience. She had been using it as a model whenever she designed clothes or jewelry at home. It was placed in the living room all this while. 
Somehow, it never occurred to Vivian that the decorative statue would be a threat to her. 
Surrounded by the guests, Vivian stood like an elegant princess in front of her birthday cake with candles lit. She closed her eyes gradually amid the best wishes from her friends and Adalyn. 
At the same time, Sonia helped to turn off the light for her. 
“Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you…” Everyone started singing birthday songs joyfully for her. 
Meanwhile, Vivian made a wish with her hands crossed and eyes shut. Ah! I wish… 
Creak! 
All of a sudden, a weird voice sounded out of nowhere, startling everyone in the total darkness. 
When everyone turned instinctively, it almost scared the crap out of them. One of the girls seemed to have bumped into the decorative statue unwittingly, causing it to sway! 
“Vivi!” Panic-stricken, everyone shrieked at the top of their lungs. They foresaw Vivian would sustain severe injury if the heavy statue tumbled over. 
Dwayne was a bundle of nerves and was about to dash forward to drag Vivian aside.
Even so, someone stretched out her hands and grabbed hold of him tightly. Dwayne was vexed when he turned and found out Helena was the one grasping his arm. 
His face turned grim, but he could not shrug her off in time. 
On the other hand, Vivian finally sensed something awry. She opened her eyes and stared at everyone around her, perplexed. Little did she realize that the heavy statue was tumbling down and was only a few inches away from her! 
“No! Vivi!” Everyone was on pins and needles at what was going to befall Vivian. 
At the eleventh hour, a black figure appeared out of nowhere and darted toward Vivian. Like a bolt of lightning, he wrapped his arms around her waist and jumped aside swiftly. 
Thud! 
The next moment, the statue collapsed on the floor with an ear-splitting sound and broke into a few pieces! What a petrifying scene! 
Everyone was rooted to the ground and at a loss of words for quite a long time, except Helena. 
Hitting the roof, she glared at the figure who spoiled her plan with her flaring eyes. It was as though the intense resentment in her eyes had turned into a dagger that could rip him apart at any time. D*mn it! How could he have the audacity to spoil my plan? Doesn’t he know who I am? I’m Ms. Helena from the prominent Goldin family! 
Nonetheless, her heart thumped when the light of the living room was switched on again. Right that instant, a middle-aged man swiftly turned as though he was a beast moving agilely in the jungle. His hard-arched eyebrows and crew cut suddenly sent an inexplicable shiver down everyone’s spine! 
They could not resist but wonder who he was.
After regaining her composure, Vivian stammered, “Mr. Frost, w-why are you here?” 
The moment she saw the man she had not seen for ages, tears started to well up in her eyes. 
Karl put her down and patted her back gently. “Ms. Vivian, I’m around all the time.” 
Everyone gasped as they felt a chill down their spine. 
“Ah! Is he calling her Ms. Vivian? Then he must be someone from her family! Look at his intimidating vibe! There’s even a listening device with a blinking light in his ear! He’s clearly her bodyguard!” Someone pointed out right away. 
Again, everyone held their breath and could not utter any words. 
When Helena realized Karl’s identity, blood drained from her face in an instant. Nonplussed, she staggered and was about to stumble. D*mn it! How could she have a bodyguard here? 
“Ms. Vivian, you’d better go up and have a good rest. Just let me settle everything here,” he advised Vivian. 
“Okay…” Vivian took his advice and went up to her room. 
Right after she left, everyone in the living room discovered that a few men in black appeared out of nowhere from the villa. All of them were exuding an intimidating vibe like Karl and seemed to be emanating sheer frigidness. Devoid of expression, there was only viciousness in their eyes. 
Mustering up her courage, Adalyn asked, “Sir, what are you…” 
“Lady Adalyn, I’m sorry, but we need your co-operation. It’s not an accident. We suspect someone has been pulling off some tricks in the dark. Not to mention, Ms. Vivian is the apple of my boss’ eye. Now that
she has such a scare during her birthday party, I must get to the bottom of the matter for him!” Karl explained coldly. 
In the next second, all the doors to the villa were blocked. Shortly after, the men in black started to have a body search for the guests. 
Everyone broke out in cold sweat. So someone caused the incident? 
None of them had the audacity to fight back against the men in black. Apart from that, they finally had the opportunity to see what it meant to be a real princess. 
No doubt, Vivian had been low profile in her school. 
On the other hand, Helena had been having her nose in the air and spreading rumors about her. Subsequently, they thought the latter was a princess by the name. 
###Chapter 1573
Chapter 1573
Chapter 1573 He Keeps His Promise 
They were finally enlightened at what someone powerful with a prominent family background should look like. After all, nobody would dare to step on anyone’s toes with noble titles in Yartran. 
Nonetheless, the men in black gave no hoots to Adalyn’s social status. They aimed at digging up the culprit manipulating in the dark for the sake of their princess. 
Helena had almost fainted. She was never in such a mightier fear before and thought of fleeing immediately. 
In the meantime, Karl and the others found out that the young girl was the culprit. One of the men in black scanned the statue of the Venus Goddess with a special tool. Shortly after, her fingerprints were visible on it. Undeniably, it proved that she had pushed it deliberately! 
“N-No, it wasn’t me. Helena’s the one instigating me to do so. She threatened to kick me out of the school if I refused to do it.” Kneeling on the ground, the young girl poured out everything in snots and tears. 
In a split second, a hint of murderous intent flickered in Karl’s eyes. His eyes looked like two daggers as he shot Helena a penetrative look. 
Feeling a prickle of fear, Helena could not utter any words. As her legs gave way, she slumped onto the floor. 
“W-What do you intend to do? I’m the Goldin family’s heiress! My family won’t let you off if anything happens to me!” Putting on a brave front, Helena tried to threaten them. 
“The Goldin family?” Karl sniggered. 
“Do you believe that even if I finish you off now, your dad won’t have the audacity to even make a fuss?” he rebuked. 
The man who had spent his whole life going through numerous life-and-death moments was infuriated by the young girl’s impudence. 
In the next second, two men in black stepped forward to lift the young girl in the air effortlessly. 
“Argh! Help! Help! Lady Adalyn, help me!” Feeling a rush of utter fear, Helena shrieked hysterically. She had no choice but to seek help from Adalyn. 
After hesitating momentarily, Adalyn tried to rectify the situation by asking, “Sir, where are you planning to bring her? Are you heading for the police station?” 
However, Karl only snickered. “No. Ms. Vivian’s father instructed us to bring her back.” 
His words sent everyone in an instant tizzy. As pin-drop silence ensued in the living room, nobody dared to utter any words again, including Adalyn. 
It was because she knew too well about Vivian’s family background. Even if Helena’s father were there, he would not be able to stop them from bringing her back too. 
One hour later, the villa was finally in peace again. Thus, Karl went up to check on Vivian. 
He knocked on her door lightly and asked, “Ms. Vivian, are you asleep?”
“Not yet, Mr. Frost,” Vivian answered at once. Without hesitation, she got out of her bed and darted forward to open the door. 
Karl was relieved that she did not look as bad as he thought. 
“Ms. Vivian, I’m sorry for what happened today. It’s my fault. You’ve had a scare due to my negligence,” he apologized awkwardly. 
“Mr. Frost, you don’t have to apologize to me. It’s not your fault.” Vivian shook her head hastily and tried to appease him that it had nothing to do with him. 
Regardless of anything, she would never blame him. After all, he had been standing on guard to protect her and her two brothers since they were young. How could I blame him for such a trivial matter? 
Nevertheless, there was an unmistakable hint of disappointment on her face as she stood at the door with her head lowered. 
Sensing her unhappiness, Karl asked in great concern, “Ms. Vivian, what’s wrong? Are you feeling unhappy because of the hiccups during your birthday party just now? If that’s the case, don’t worry. I’ll tell your daddy about it and request him to hold another one for you.” 
He presumed Vivian was in low spirits because of the earlier incidents that rained on her parade. 
Nevertheless, she only shook her head and tried to reassure him. “It’s not because of that… Well, it’s nothing, actually. Mr. Frost, just go ahead and settle your things. I need to go to bed earlier as I have to wake up early for school tomorrow.” 
When she lifted her head again, a faint smile surfaced on her dainty face. 
Needless to say, Karl was clueless about the frustration bugging Vivian’s mind.
He heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Vivian break into a smile again. After that, he left right away for Miralaea by bringing along a heinous Helena. 
Late at night, the villa was back to its usual quiet moments again. The girl who had just turned seventeen years old tossed and turned on her bed for a long time before she finally drifted into sleep. 
The following morning, she was awakened by Julia’s, her housemaid’s, voice which sounded from the garden. She heard Julia asking, “Ah! What are these? Are they petals?” 
Vivian opened her eyes and looked up silently at the ceiling groggily with dark eye circles. 
She only dragged herself up idly when Julia went up to her room to wake her up. 
“Julia, have you cleared all the decorations away from the garden?” she asked suddenly. 
“Yes, I have cleared everything. Ms. Vivian, you may go and have a look,” Julia replied respectfully, knowing that Vivian was very particular about cleanliness. Hence, she invited Vivian to go and check. 
Moments later, Vivian headed toward the garden as suggested by Julia. Besides, she thought of checking on her plants, especially the lily and rhododendron that she brought from her hometown and planted in her garden. 
Surprisingly, something caught her eye at once when she stepped into her garden. It was a light purple ribbon under her favorite rhododendron tree. Where is it from? 
Vivian picked it up and asked curiously, “Julia, what’s this?” 
“Huh?” The housemaid approached her at once and explained warily, “Ms. Vivian, I’m sorry. We actually found a bouquet of withered flowers hung on this tree this morning. Anyway, we had taken it down and thrown it away. But we did not realize this ribbon had dropped from it. Ms. Vivian, I’m really sorry.” 
###Chapter 1574
Chapter 1574
Chapter 1574 Withered 
The housemaid felt bad for not doing her job well, but Vivian fell into deep thought while staring long and hard at the ribbon. 
Withered flowers? What withered flowers? 
As she continued to rack her brain, she noticed a faint scent of sandalwood on the ribbon. 
Sandalwood? Could this be… 
Suddenly, Vivian felt a sharp pain in her chest as all sorts of emotions surged uncontrollably through her mind. 
She then grabbed the housemaid by the wrist and asked, “What about the flower? Where is it?” 
“Flower? Uh… W-We threw it in the trash outside, Ms. Vivian!” 
Vivian got so agitated that she leapt to her feet and ran straight outside in her pajamas with her hair unkempt. 
I knew it! It was my birthday yesterday! There’s no way he wouldn’t come! 
With tears running down her face, Vivian made a mad dash for the town’s dumpster and began rummaging through the trash. 
Fortunately for her, the waste collectors had yet to arrive, as it was still very early in the morning, so she was able to find the withered flowers.
In fact, they weren’t even flowers. 
They were actually vines growing just outside Aquene Temple’s entrance, which was the only place one would ever find the plants. 
As the vines were constantly exposed to the smoke from the temple’s incense burning, they had a distinct scent of sandalwood on them. 
Clutching the vines tightly against her chest, Vivian fell to the ground and broke down in tears. 
Nobody knew how disappointed she was when she saw that it was Karl who had saved her last night. 
She wasn’t expecting for him to not show up at all, especially at a critical moment like that. 
He really did keep his promise of never showing himself in front of her ever again. 
The housemaid panicked when she came running over and saw Vivian bawling her eyes out on the ground. 
“I’m sorry for throwing it away, Ms. Vivian! It’s all our fault! Will you please stop crying?” she apologized profusely. 
“I-I’m not crying… T-These are tears of joy! Now, I need you all to help me bring these vines back to life! Otherwise, I’ll tell Daddy to fire you all!” she stammered while sobbing. 
For a moment there, Vivian seemed to have returned to her spoilt, unreasonable self when she was a kid. All she wanted was to save those withered vines. 
B-But these vines are already withered… How on earth are we going to save them? 
The housemaid thought to herself with a conflicted look on her face.
For whatever reason, Vivian’s behavior changed drastically ever since she brought the vines home. Instead of staying in the dormitory at school like she usually did, she started coming home every single day. 
She would check on the vines once in the morning, and once in the evening. 
In order to save the vines, Vivian read a ton of books, did an extensive research online, and even consulted botanical experts for advice. She spent so much time and effort on it that she began neglecting her studies. 
What is going on with her? It’s just a few strands of vines! Why is she so obsessed with them? 
Worried about Vivian’s condition, the housemaid decided to tell her parents about it when they spoke on the phone one day. 
“Ms. Vivian has been behaving very strangely these days, Mrs. Hayes. She neglects her studies and spends all of her time tending to a pot of vines. We’ve tried to talk some sense into her, but she won’t listen. What should we do?” 
“Vines? What vines?” Sasha asked in confusion. 
“Hold on, Mrs. Hayes. I’ll send you a picture of it right away,” the housemaid said. 
Sasha tapped on the picture that she received seconds later, only to freeze in shock when she saw what it was. 
Aren’t these the vines from Aquene Temple? 
Sebastian, who happened to be next to her at the time, leaned in to have a look when he saw her shocked expression.
“Who is it from?” he asked coldly. 
“I don’t know. The maid says Vivi found it from the dumpster. Sebby, do you think Kurt gave it to her? No one else comes to mind if you ask me,” Sasha replied. 
“Kurt?” 
“Yeah, it’s only found at Aquene Temple. I doubt Vivian’s brothers and grandpa would send her such a thing on her birthday,” Sasha rationalized. 
Sebastian fell silent after hearing that. 
Those vines are unique to Aquene Temple. According to Master Shin, these vines grew from the ashes of the incense that were dumped in the soil outside the temple. That’s why they smell just like the incense used in the temple. 
“What’s on your mind?” Sasha asked. 
“Nothing. How is Kurt doing? Has he finished his exams?” Sebastian responded. 
“I think he’s sitting for the final paper today,” Sasha replied, feeling confused. 
Why is he bringing that up? Shouldn’t he be trying to find out who gave those vines to Vivian? If it was Kurt, then we should ask him why he gave such a gift to her. Doesn’t he know that Vivian misses her family? 
Sasha didn’t seem to get the implied meaning behind Kurt’s actions. 
Her train of thoughts was interrupted when Sebastian went to his desk and retrieved a folder from the drawer. 
“Sebby?”
“Fax this to Clearwater High School tomorrow. Tell the teachers there that Kurt was applying for Atlantius University,” he said while handing her a college application form. 
###Chapter 1575
Chapter 1575
Chapter 1575 Good News 
As the vines could only grow in certain soil types and had already withered, Vivian was unable to revive the vines no matter how hard she tried. 
All she could do was sit on the stairs at the villa’s door and cry her heart out when the housemaids threw the vines away. 
Feeling useless for not being able to save the vines, Vivian grew increasingly upset and spent the following days looking depressed while at school. 
It got so bad that even Helena being gone wasn’t able to put a smile on her face. 
Being her friend, Sonia wanted to try and cheer her up when she saw how depressed she was. 
“Hey, Mona, Vivian has been pretty down ever since her birthday. I wonder if it’s because of what Helena did to her. How about we try doing something to cheer her up?” 
“Sure! Let’s all try to come up with something!” 
Mona and a few other close friends agreed wholeheartedly with Sonia’s suggestion. 
They all felt really bad for Vivian, who had her first birthday party ruined by a vicious girl like Helena. 
As such, they wanted to do something to make it up to her. 
“How about we go boat rowing?”
“Boat rowing?” 
“Yeah! My grandma owns a huge farm that has a lake with lots of fish in it. The farm also has a ton of fruits and vegetables that we can pick!” 
As the students were locals, one of them thought of her grandmother’s farm and suggested it excitedly. 
Thinking it would be a really fun experience, the others agreed with it immediately. 
Sonia and Mona then went to tell Vivian about it. 
They found her sitting in the classroom all by herself. She was simply staring blankly into space, refusing to go anywhere even after the class was over. 
“Hey, Vivi! Class is over, so why are you still sitting here? You should go outside and get some fresh air!” 
“I don’t feel like doing anything right now,” Vivian replied wearily with a dull look in her eyes. 
It pained her friends to see her like this. 
“Don’t be sad, Vivi. Amelia said her grandma will be harvesting the crops in her farm this weekend. I heard she’ll be needing some help with it. Would you like to join us?” 
Having been friends with Vivian for three years, Sonia knew her personality all too well. Judging by her depressed state, she figured Vivian would probably refuse their invitation if they asked her directly. 
That was why she deliberately said they were going to help Amelia’s grandmother instead. 
Being the kind-hearted girl that she was, Vivian agreed to join them even though she wasn’t all that enthusiastic about it. 
“Sure, I’ll join you guys.”
“All right, then. We’ll meet up with you and take a bus there.” 
They were all really happy when they saw her agree to it. 
Vivian flashed them a smile in response, but that smile faded the moment they left, and the dull look returned to her eyes once again. 
Suddenly, a student called out to her from the classroom door, “There’s a call for you, Vivian!” 
Vivian turned toward the direction of the voice and saw that it was from the teachers’ room. 
The teachers’ room? Could it be from Daddy and Mommy? 
With that in mind, Vivian quickly ran over to answer the phone. 
“Hey, Vivi! It’s your mommy.” 
Sasha’s voice could be heard on the other line when she held the receiver up to her ear. 
After taking a moment to regain her composure, Vivian said, “Hi, Mommy! What’s up? Did the school contact you or something? I… I haven’t been performing well lately…” 
As she had no idea why Sasha was calling, she assumed the school had called up to complain about it. 
However, that wasn’t the case at all. 
“No, why? Are you not feeling well? Did you run into some issues with your studies? Why are you not performing well?” 
Vivian breathed a sigh of relief when she heard that. 
Phew… Thank goodness Mommy doesn’t know about it…
With that in mind, Vivian went back to her usual cheerful self as she said, “I’m fine, Mommy. I was just having some difficulty coming up with a design, and that’s all. Don’t worry. I can handle it myself.” 
“All right. That’s good to hear. Anyway, I’m calling to inform you that Kurt graduated from high school. He made it into Atlantius University!” Sasha said. 
Atlantius University? Isn’t that a famous one in Yartran? Is Kurt going to be studying here? 
Vivian felt that the depression that had been bugging her for almost a month was gone in an instant when she heard that. It was as if the warmth of spring had filled the cold void in her heart, and she got so excited that she couldn’t even speak. 
“What’s wrong, Vivi? Are you not happy about this? I’m sorry, but your daddy made this decision on his own. He said that particular university would suit Kurt’s grades and qualifications better. I didn’t know you two haven’t made up after your argument…” 
Sasha felt really bad for Vivian. 
###Chapter 1576
Chapter 1576
Chapter 1576 She Wants To Go See Kurt 
Last I heard, Vivi got into a fight with Kurt during summer break because he got a little too controlling in some aspects. I thought they already made up by now. Had I known that isn’t the case, I would’ve suggested for Sebby to have Kurt study somewhere else instead! 
Right as Sasha was starting to regret her decision, Vivian spoke up all of a sudden. 
“No, that’s not it, Mommy! I’m really happy that Kurt is going to study here! I won’t be alone with him around! Could you tell me when he’ll be coming over, Mommy? I want to go see him!” 
In just a few minutes, Vivian sounded like a dead person who had come back to life. 
Although Sasha found it a little strange, she answered Vivian’s question anyway. 
“I think he’ll be handling the registration procedures this Wednesday. Your daddy has taken care of the tuition fees…” 
“Okay, got it! Thanks, Mommy!” 
Vivian then hung up the phone without even saying goodbye and ran off as quickly as her legs could carry her. 
Sasha could only let out a helpless sigh as she placed her phone down. 
Oh, well… I’m just glad she’s not upset about it. I guess I don’t have to worry about them being unhappy to see each other!
With that in mind, Sasha went back to what she was doing before the call. 
Vivian was finally smiling again when she returned to the classroom, much to the relief of Sonia when she saw her. 
“Did something great happen, Vivi? You look really happy!” she asked. 
“Yeah! Kurt is going to further his studies here!” 
Since Sonia knew Kurt too, Vivian made no attempt to hide it from her at all. 
Sonia’s eyes lit up with excitement after she heard the news. 
“Really? That’s amazing! I haven’t seen him in a really long time. Honestly, I’m surprised that he’s coming over. Which university did he get into?” 
“Atlantius University!” Vivian replied proudly as if she was the one who got into the university instead. 
The reason for that was that she genuinely cared about him, so she also shared his feelings of joy and sadness. 
Oh my god! Atlantius University is a really prestigious university here in Yartran! Kurt sure is amazing if he managed to get in! 
Sonia, too, felt really happy at the thought of that. 
She was grinning from ear to ear as she said, “In that case, we can have Kurt join us this weekend! Since he’ll be new here, it’d probably do him good to relax for a bit before classes start.” 
“Hmm…” 
Vivian was a little convinced by her suggestion.
She’s right! I’ll have more excuses to ask him out on future dates if I can get him to come with us this weekend! It’d be awkward if I just show up at his university all of a sudden, after all! 
Just like that, the two decided to go visit Kurt at Atlantius University in three days and bring him to the farm during the weekend. 
It was a perfect plan, and Vivian finally stopped moping around as she looked forward to seeing him. 
In fact, she got so excited about it that she could barely sleep at all. 
Sonia headed over to her house really early on Thursday and called out to her at the door, “Hey, Vivi! I’m outside your door! Are you ready to leave the house yet?” 
Vivian soon came running downstairs wearing a nice dress and a handbag over her shoulder. 
She looked so pretty that even Sonia found herself captivated and stared at her with her mouth wide open. 
Vivian had on a khaki dress that she had made herself. Although the color looked a little mature for her age, the sleeves and collar were decorated with light blue pearls which highlighted her fair complexion and exquisite facial features. 
In fact, it even added an air of elegance to her appearance. 
Noticing Sonia staring at her in silence, Vivian instantly lost whatever confidence she had built up. 
“What’s wrong? Does it look ugly? I’ll go put on another dress right away!” 
She was very conscious about the dress because she had designed it specifically for this little reunion of theirs.
Sonia quickly grabbed her by the arm and reassured her, “No, that’s not it, Vivi. I was stunned because of how amazing it looks! Where did you buy this dress? I want to get myself one too!” 
Although Vivian didn’t say anything in response, she felt really relieved to hear that. 
The two of them then took a bus to the nearest train station and began their journey to Atlantius University from there. 
Despite her status as the daughter of a wealthy family, Vivian never acted like one whenever she was out and about. 
Instead, she preferred to use public transportation such as buses and trains like most other people, a practice which even Sebastian found to be impressive. 
###Chapter 1577
Chapter 1577
Chapter 1577 Looking Forward To It 
Atlantius was a city with a very long history behind it. 
Although it was not as economically advanced as the one Vivian was staying in, it had a very rich cultural heritage and a much slower-paced lifestyle. 
In fact, it was so similar to Jazona that anyone from that area would fit right in. 
As it was autumn at the time, the first thing Vivian and Sonia noticed upon arrival was the golden and brown leaves scattered all over the streets. 
However, the citizens were in no hurry to sweep the leaves away as they enjoyed the beautiful scenery it created. 
For some reason, the sound of the leaves crunching beneath their feet seemed to soothe their hearts and ease their minds. 
Vivian closed her eyes and tried to immerse herself in the beauty of it all. 
Sonia, on the other hand, was busy trying to figure out the directions to Atlantius University using a map. 
“Vivi, according to this map, it’d take us an hour and a half to get to Atlantius University by either subway or bus. However, we could get there in thirty minutes if we take a cab instead.” 
“Then let’s take a cab.” 
Eager to see Kurt, Vivian couldn’t be bothered to rely on public transportation this time.
The two then hailed a passing cab and headed for the university. 
Being the chatterbox that she was, Sonia began asking about Kurt along the way. “Kurt is two years younger than us, right? That means he’s only fifteen now. My goodness, he must be a total genius if he can get into such a prestigious university at the age of fifteen!” 
Vivian’s face was filled with a trace of pride when she heard that. 
“Yeah! He’s super smart!” 
“He really is! You know what, Vivi? I just realized the guys in your family are all really amazing! If I recall, one of your brothers is in National Defense University, and the other is working in a research institute, right?” Sonia asked. 
As the two of them had been close friends for years, Vivian would tell her some stuff about her family. 
As Vivian was a hardcore fan of her brothers, it was only natural that she would also tell Sonia about them. 
“Yeah, they’re both really amazing. Unlike them, I’m so stupid that I haven’t achieved anything great even after studying for so long,” she replied, sounding a little dejected. 
Sonia was quick to reassure her, “How are you stupid? You’re Lady Adalyn’s personal fashion designer, for crying out loud! That’s something most of us can only dream about!” 
Unsure of what to say, Vivian simply lowered her head shyly in response. 
Sonia was about to continue the conversation when Atlantius University came into view in the distance. 
I wonder if Kurt will be happy to see me… After all, it was Mr. Frost who came to protect me that day. Does this mean Daddy has changed the person in charge of protecting me? After all, Kurt did agree to tell Daddy honestly that I’m dissatisfied with him, and that he would willingly be replaced.
Those thoughts got Vivian feeling anxious all of a sudden. 
The cab soon pulled up next to the entrance of the university. 
“All right. We’re here, Vivi. Which course is Kurt studying? It’ll be easier to find him if we know where to start looking. This campus is really huge, so wandering around aimlessly will get us nowhere,” Sonia said. 
Vivian pulled out a notebook from her handbag and replied, “According to my mommy, he’s studying architecture.” 
“Huh?” 
Sonia’s eyes went wide instantly. 
Architecture? That ridiculously talented genius is studying architecture? Shouldn’t he be doing something like IT instead? Why would he pick architecture? 
Although Sonia found it a little hard to believe, Vivian didn’t think much about it. 
She believed that nothing else mattered as long as Kurt liked what he was studying. 
The two of them made it through the university’s entrance without any issues from security. 
However, it wasn’t long before Vivian’s young and beautiful appearance caught the attention of the students on campus. 
“Are those freshmen too? They sure are getting a lot younger these days!” 
“I don’t know. Shall we go ask them?” 
“Sure!”
As Vivian and Sonia were walking through the campus grounds, a pretty blonde girl approached them. She was accompanied by two tall and handsome male students. 
“Hello, we’re third-year students here. Is there anything we can help you two with?” 
“Huh?” 
The two of them, who were walking hand in hand, panicked upon hearing that. 
“W-We’re not students here. We just came here to meet a friend. He has only recently enrolled here.” 
“Oh, so you two aren’t from here…” 
The university students finally understood what was going on here. 
I knew it! These two look way too young to be university students! 
“Who are you two looking for? We might be able to help you if you tell us more about your friend,” asked the blonde girl patiently. 
###Chapter 1578
Chapter 1578
Chapter 1578 Meeting Kurt At Last 
“We’re looking for a guy named Kurt Lopez. He recently enrolled in architecture here. Where can we find the faculty for that course of study?” Vivian finally spoke up. 
Her voice was mellow, and her hair was tied in pigtails that rested against her chest, revealing her exquisite facial features that resembled a pretty porcelain doll. 
The two guys found themselves captivated by her beauty, and even the blonde girl was a little taken aback. 
“The architecture building is that way. Come on, I’ll take you two there.” 
“Okay! Thank you, miss!” Vivian said politely as she followed behind them. 
As the campus was really huge, both Vivian and Sonia were sweating all over by the time they arrived at the building about twenty minutes later. 
“All right. That building over there is the one you’re looking for. You girls can go on ahead now.” 
The blonde girl didn’t want to go any further, as she noticed the two guys had their eyes fixated on Vivian the whole time. 
Just like that, the three students left while Vivian and Sonia made their way toward the building. 
Sure enough, they saw the word “Architecture” written on the wall as soon as they reached the entrance.
Noticing a university staff ushering in the freshmen, Vivian ran up to her excitedly and asked, “Hi, has a student named ‘Kurt Lopez’ enrolled here recently?” 
“Kurt Lopez?” 
The university staff began checking the records after hearing the name. 
Seconds later, she shook her head and said, “Nope. Are you certain that he is in this course?” 
Vivian was sure that she had the right course, as her mother had provided her with that information. 
However, the staff member’s response instantly extinguished the flames of hope and excitement in her heart. 
“Don’t worry, Vivi. It’s still early right now. Maybe Kurt hasn’t arrived yet. I mean, he is flying all the way from your home country, so maybe we can wait for him here or something,” Sonia reassured her. 
“Yeah, that’s probably the case,” Vivian agreed. 
With that, the two of them sat down at a bench nearby and patiently waited for Kurt’s arrival. 
The hours soon came to pass, and the staff member had already gone home at nightfall, but Kurt was still nowhere in sight. 
“He’s not coming…” 
Having spent the entire day waiting, Vivian buried her face in her hands and began crying on the spot. 
Sonia reached out and hugged her tightly as she consoled her, “Now, now, Vivi… Maybe he got caught up with something today. Why don’t we head back first, okay? You can ask your mommy and daddy what happened before we come here again.”
After what seemed like forever, Vivian finally stopped crying and slowly got to her feet. 
She wasn’t dressed warmly enough, nor did she have anything to eat since morning. 
Is he really just caught up with something? I don’t think so. I would’ve believed Sonia if she told me that earlier in the afternoon, but it just doesn’t sound convincing at all now. I guess it’s about time I stop being so na?ve. He told me during summer that he wouldn’t see me ever again. He said he’d ask Daddy to transfer him somewhere else so he wouldn’t get in my way anymore. If that’s the case, then it is possible that he chose to give up on studying at this university because of me! 
Vivian thought to herself as the two of them made their way out of the campus. 
She kept her head low the whole time, and her tears never stopped falling. 
Sonia was about to try and comfort her when she noticed a figure walking in their direction up front. 
His hoodie highlighted his slim and tall figure, and he was carrying a canvas bag over his shoulder. 
“Ah!” Sonia exclaimed. 
Vivian looked up in response, and she squinted her teary eyes as she tried to get a better look at the figure that stood before her. 
Wait a minute… That’s Kurt! 
He had grown a lot taller during their period of separation, and his facial features looked a lot more exquisite as well. The dim lighting in the area cast a lonely shadow on the ground behind him, further intensifying the icy-cold aura that he emanated. 
A look of surprise filled his eyes as well when he realized it was Vivian standing in front of him.
###Chapter 1579
Chapter 1579
Chapter 1579 Walking Away From Him 
All of a sudden, it felt as if time had come to a halt as their eyes met. 
It wasn’t until a few students walked past them that Vivian slowly regained her senses. 
When Vivian finally saw the person she’d been waiting for, the overwhelming feelings that she buried in her heart exploded. 
Without warning, she squatted down and burst into tears. 
Upon seeing Vivian’s tears, Sonia was at a loss, not knowing how to comfort her at all. 
Kurt froze on the spot as he saw her cry her heart out. The muscles in his pale face tensed. 
After a few minutes, Kurt was about to step forward to comfort Vivian. Yet, she suddenly stopped crying and wiped the tears off her cheeks. Vivian then lifted her head and rose to her feet. 
“Sonia, let’s go!” With that, Vivian spun on her heel and left without looking back. 
Despite waiting for an entire day, Vivian ended up crying her eyes out when she finally got to meet Kurt. After her outburst, she left the scene without even talking to him. 
Sonia couldn’t help but feel puzzled by her friend’s actions. 
She shot a glance at Vivian’s retreating back before looking at the young man, who was clearly stunned. What on earth should I do?
“Kurt, you’re too much. Did you know that Vivi spent the entire day waiting for you? She even skipped her meals. What took you so long?” Sonia stomped her feet in frustration before she turned around and rushed toward Vivian. 
Hearing this, Kurt was dumbfounded. 
After a few moments, Kurt finally turned around to look at Sonia and Vivian. Unable to control himself, he clenched his fists and hurried after the duo. 
What took me so long? 
Truthfully, Kurt was delayed. 
Besides, he never wanted to attend this university. I clearly told Mr. Hayes that I’d be content pursuing my studies at University of Technology. But after receiving the results of my college entrance exam, I ended up receiving a notification from Mr. Hayes saying that he’d enrolled me in this school. 
When Kurt first learned of this, he was upset. 
After all, he didn’t want the past to repeat itself. Kurt had used to long after something that didn’t belong to him. Although he knew he didn’t deserve it, he couldn’t bring himself to let it go. 
In the past six months, Kurt had finally managed to rid himself of that mindset. 
Why on earth did Mr. Hayes make such arrangements for me? 
As a result, Kurt attended his first day of school without much enthusiasm. 
Finally, Kurt managed to catch up with them. 
However, he quickly realized that Vivian was one step ahead of him. She’d already hailed a cab and hopped into the car. Sonia, who was following closely behind, followed suit.
Helplessly, Kurt watched the car speed off in silence. 
Though he initially planned to chase after Vivian, he stopped himself from doing that. 
He remained rooted to the spot and watched as the car disappeared from sight. 
Perhaps this is for the best. 
In the cold night, Kurt continued to glance at the spot where Vivian once was. After a moment, he withdrew his gaze, and his eyes were again filled with indifference. 
After that, Kurt headed back inside. 
The next day, Vivian woke up with a pair of swollen eyes. 
When she opened her eyes, she was greeted with the bright glare of the sunlight that streamed through the window. Nevertheless, Vivian remained seated on her bed for a very long time. She felt as if she had been trapped in a stupor. 
“Ms. Vivian, you are finally awake. How do you feel? Do you feel unwell?” Upon knowing that Vivian had awoken, the housemaid quickly attended to her. 
Vivian glanced at the housemaid with a dazed look. After several moments, she came back to her senses, and she felt slightly light-headed. 
“W-What happened to me?” 
“You were down with a fever. When Ms. Sonia sent you home last night, you were burning up. I called the doctor over to treat your fever. It looks like the fever has subsided,” the housemaid explained hastily.
Oh, I was down with a fever… Vivian lounged on her bed for a short while before making her way to the bathroom. 
“Ms. Vivian, I have not informed Mr. Hayes and Mrs. Hayes about your fever yet. Should I tell them about it right now?” 
“There’s no need for that,” Vivian quickly replied. 
I don’t want Daddy and Mommy to be worried about me. Besides, they might blame Kurt for this. Daddy might get mad and punish him because of my sickness. 
After Vivian brushed her teeth and freshened up, she finally headed downstairs to have breakfast. 
Half an hour later, Vivian received a call from Sonia. 
“Vivi, are you feeling better? Do you want me to drop by and pay you a visit?” 
“It’s all right, Sonia. I’m fine. I’ll be heading to school after breakfast.” After Vivian reassured Sonia that she would meet the latter in school, Vivian ended the call. 
Once Vivian finished her breakfast, she went back upstairs to pack her bag. With that, Vivian wore her backpack over her shoulders and set off. 
In hopes of distracting herself from her misery, Vivian planned to keep herself busy. Staying idly at home would only cause her to dwell on the sad memories. 
Hence, Vivian boarded the bus and departed for school. 
Unexpectedly, a young man boarded the bus when it halted at the next stop. When he saw Vivian sitting in the back row, he pursed his lips before walking toward her.
As Vivian was still feeling slightly unwell, she leaned her head against the window and tried to get some rest. 
Nevertheless, her rest was interrupted when someone took a seat next to her. 
Instinctively, Vivian whirled around to look at the person. 
###Chapter 1580
Chapter 1580
Chapter 1580 In A Good Mood 
The morning sun that day had been particularly bright. 
After several rainy days, the sun had finally emerged from the clouds. Its luminous rays painted the clouds golden and shone onto the city skyline. The entire landscape looked as though it was bathed in sunlight. 
It was truly a sight to behold. 
Vivian blinked her eyes to clear her fuzzy mind, and she took a look at the young man under the sunlight. 
When the young man sat next to her, she saw his long, thick lashes and the faint glow radiating from his pale skin. Under the dazzling sunlight, his lashes cast shadows on his face. 
His breathtaking beauty left Vivian momentarily stunned. 
When she finally regained her senses, Vivian hurriedly averted her eyes away from him. 
At that moment, she felt as if her heart was in her mouth. Vivian didn’t even dare to breathe too loudly. Instead, she clutched her backpack to her chest and stared ahead. 
All of a sudden, she didn’t feel unwell anymore. 
Instead, Vivian now felt extremely rejuvenated. 
After he sat down next to her, the bus continued to move at an average pace.
Throughout the bus ride, the duo remained so silent that one could hear a pin drop. Despite being familiar with each other, Vivian and Kurt did not utter a single word. They didn’t even exchange eye contact. 
The awkward atmosphere made it seem like they were nothing but a pair of strangers. 
Vivian clenched her fists so tightly that her fingertips turned pale. Although she wanted to say something, her reserved nature prevented her from initiating the conversation. 
Hence, Vivian kept her mouth shut until the bus arrived at her school. 
“I-I’ll be getting off now,” she muttered disappointedly. She had been waiting for Kurt to talk to her, but the latter merely remained silent all the way. 
The only reply she received from Kurt was a slight nod. 
His response made it appear as if they were strangers who’d occasionally bumped into each other on the bus. 
Promptly, the excitement in Vivian was replaced by disappointment. 
Her eyelashes slightly fluttered as she lowered her gaze. Without another word, Vivian grabbed her backpack and rose to her feet. 
Upon noticing this, the young man moved aside to let her pass. 
Vivian bit down hard on her lower lip. Before she could rush out of the bus, a cold hand gripped her wrist. 
Right then, Kurt shoved two small packs of medicine into Vivian’s hand. “Take this thrice a day. Don’t forget to drink more water.” 
Stunned, Vivian looked at him with widened eyes and stood rooted for quite a while.
“Miss, are you going to get off the bus? I’ll be closing the doors soon,” the bus driver called out when he noticed Vivian’s unmoving figure. 
It was only then that Vivian came back to her senses and scrambled out of the bus. 
Although Vivian had gotten off the bus, her bright eyes remained fixated on the bus as the bus drove off. Her heart pounded against her chest erratically. 
It turns out that he knew about my fever. He even came all the way here to give me medicine. 
Finally, Vivian’s mood brightened. She gazed at the medicine in her hand as though they were the world’s most precious jewels. 
That morning, Vivian attended the school in a good mood. 
When Sonia met up with Vivian, she instantly noticed that her best friend was in a good mood. 
Sonia had been worried about Vivian, but after she saw a happy Vivian, she couldn’t help but ask curiously, “Vivi, why are you so happy? Did your fever subside?” 
“Nope, I brought along my medicine.” Vivian continued to beam as she showed Sonia the two medicinal sachets cupped in her palms. 
Sonia was rendered speechless. Medicine? Didn’t the doctor give her a shot yesterday? Why did she bring this along with her? Furthermore, I can’t tell why Vivi is so happy over two mere packets of medicine. 
Vivian’s behavior left Sonia utterly befuddled. Sonia kept an eye on Vivian that day and realized that the latter was doing fine. 
Well, it looks like Vivi is perfectly fine now. Did those medicines miraculously heal her from her fever?
Sonia shook her head and let out a sigh of relief. 
Since the weekend was just around the corner, Amelia, who had asked them out to the farm this weekend, came looking for them to confirm their attendance. 
“I’m fine with it. However, I’m not sure if Vivi will go. I’ll let you know after asking her about it,” Sonia replied. 
She was afraid that Vivian might bail on their plans because she had fallen out with Kurt the day before. Furthermore, Kurt and Vivian were supposed to go together. 
“Vivi, are you still planning to go to the farm this weekend?” Sonia asked once she found Vivian. 
“Oh?” Vivian who was doing her revision looked up at her. The farm… 
Vivian hesitated for a brief moment. A dark expression loomed over her face. I want to go to the farm. But I bet he won’t be willing to tag along. He wasn’t even willing to show up when I waited for him yesterday. Kurt probably wouldn’t have boarded the bus if I hadn’t fallen sick. He probably just wanted to give me the medicine. 
A seventeen-year-old girl like Vivian tended to overthink. In the span of a few minutes, her mood took a drastic change. 
As a result, Vivian remained gloomy until school was over. 
“Vivi, are you planning to go home today?” Sonia asked in surprise when she noticed Vivian packing her bag. 
Because they were both staying at the dorm, Sonia and Vivian usually only returned home once a week. However, Vivian had already left the dorm to look for Kurt the day before. 
Sonia couldn’t exactly wrap her head around Vivian’s actions.
Nevertheless, Vivian offered no explanation. After school, she hurried home. 
###Chapter 1581
Chapter 1581
Chapter 1581 Worried About Her 
Similarly, the housemaid was surprised to see Vivian at the villa. 
“Ms. Vivian, why did you come home? Are you feeling unwell?” 
“Yeah…” Vivian averted her eyes from the housemaid’s worried gaze and nodded. 
Without waiting for a reply, Vivian headed upstairs and spent the rest of the night in her room. No one knew what was going on with her. On the next day, the housemaid realized that Vivian’s condition had worsened. 
“Ms. Vivian, why are you coughing?” 
“Huh?” Before Vivian could explain, she uncontrollably coughed non-stop. 
Seeing this, the housemaid was about to contact Vivian’s teacher. She thought that Vivian should spend the rest of the day resting at home. 
But when Vivian learned of this, she snatched the phone out of the housemaid’s grip. “I’m not going to apply for a leave. I’m all right. Besides, I have an important class that I need to attend today!” 
“But—” 
“Don’t worry. Could you please prepare breakfast for me? I’m going to school after taking my breakfast,” Vivian interjected. Hurriedly, she put down the phone and pushed the housemaid out of her room. 
After scarfing down her breakfast, she quickly headed out with her backpack over her shoulders.
She waited expectantly for Kurt as the bus made its way to the city center. However, even after the bus had arrived at the city center, Kurt did not show up. Vivian’s hopes were crushed. 
Wearing a mask, Vivian huddled in the corner of the bus, and tears began to well up in her eyes. 
Finally, she got off the bus when she arrived at the school. Although Vivian was hit with a flurry of sniffles and coughs, no one showed up to express their concern. In the end, she trudged to school with a heavy heart. 
Even during lessons, Vivian found it impossible to focus on her study. 
Her gloomy demeanor worried Sonia. “Vivi, what’s the matter? Did your sickness get even worse? I thought you had recovered yesterday.” 
Sonia placed her hand on Vivian’s forehead. Immediately, she was shocked by how warm Vivian’s skin felt. 
Vivian merely rested her head on the table without answering her. The gloomy mood that plagued her two days ago had returned. 
In the end, Sonia could only watch on helplessly. 
During recess, Sonia could no longer watch on. She planned to drag Vivian to the school’s infirmary. She could not bear to see Vivian in such a dreary state any longer. 
At that moment, one of their fellow classmates approached them. “Vivian, someone’s outside looking for you.” 
“Huh?” Vivian looked up with a confused look. 
Likewise, Sonia was equally puzzled.
Outside? Where? Is that person outside the class or campus? 
Hand in hand, the duo went outside to have a look. At the entrance, they caught sight of a tall young man waiting for Vivian. 
“Kurt?” 
Sonia was stunned by his sudden appearance. 
Meanwhile, Vivian’s tired eyes widened when she saw him. She froze on the spot. 
Sonia was right. That person was Kurt. 
As usual, Kurt still wore a hoodie and canvas bag. Yet, there was a grim look on his face at that moment. His face darkened when he noticed Vivian’s flushed cheeks. 
“Let’s go. I’m taking you to the hospital,” he stated curtly. 
“What?” Vivian and Sonia were taken aback. 
Their reactions caused Kurt to scowl. “Sonia, please help her apply for a sick leave.” 
“Huh? Oh, s-sure!” Sonia stammered. If my memory serves me right, it’s the first time he has ever addressed me. I can’t believe he remembers my name. 
Before she could react, Kurt had already grabbed Vivian’s hand and dragged her away. 
Vivian followed him and got into the car. Her thoughts were still so muddled that she couldn’t think straight. 
Throughout their entire journey to the hospital, not a single word slipped past Kurt’s lips.
Around twenty minutes later, they finally arrived at the hospital’s entrance. Kurt paid the fare and held Vivian’s hand before they got out of the car. 
When Vivian felt the warmth of his palm pressed against hers, her heart skipped a beat. 
Her mind went blank instantly. 
Prior to their little spat, Vivian had used to hold Kurt’s hand like this too. Back then, she had never thought much about their intimacy. In fact, she had thought that she was holding Kurt’s hand just like how she held her brothers’. 
But when Kurt held her hand, Vivian had a different feeling. She realized that she didn’t treat him as her brother. 
Deep down, she was as happy as a lark. 
At the same time, Vivian felt as though she had regained what she’d lost previously. 
Vivian bit her lip as she stared at their hands. Overwhelmed by the happiness surging in her, she got teary-eyed. 
With a low voice, he asked her, “Are you feeling uncomfortable?” 
“Yeah.” Vivian looked up at Kurt with teary eyes. 
###Chapter 1582
Chapter 1582
Chapter 1582 Keeping Him Around 
Kurt stared wordlessly at Vivian. 
He gritted his teeth and leaned forward, scooping Vivian into his arms. 
Vivian yelped in surprise, and she hastily flung her arms around his neck, clinging on for dear life. Her eyes were as wide as saucers. 
What the heck is he doing? 
She blushed furiously, having never been carried by a boy before today. 
Kurt was not faring any better, though he quickly focused on bringing Vivian to a doctor. His mind was whirling with anxious thoughts. 
Why is she unwell? Didn’t she recover yesterday? Why is this recurring? 
He rushed toward the emergency department and declared, “Doctor, she’s very ill. Please take a look at her.” 
“Huh?” 
The doctors bustling about the department lifted their heads to stare at them in confusion. 
It was only then that Vivian understood Kurt’s intentions, and she was both furious and embarrassed by his actions.
She pleaded, “I’m not that sick. Please put me down.” 
Kurt refused, much to her chagrin. He held her in his arms until a doctor approached them and directed them to a hospital bed. 
I’ll die from embarrassment right now! 
A few minutes later, the doctor completed her examination and frowned. 
She asked, “What’s wrong? This is just a simple bacterial infection.” 
Vivian dared not meet the doctor’s questioning gaze. 
Kurt did not seem to share her embarrassment. Instead, he sighed in relief at the doctor’s assessment. 
The doctor prescribed some medication for Vivian afterward. After finding out that Vivian’s illness had recurred despite a check-up just two days ago, the doctor recommended a blood test to confirm Vivian’s diagnosis. 
Blood test? 
Vivian immediately paled when she heard those two words. 
Pain or needles did not frighten her, but she simply could not stand the sight of blood, no thanks to a bloody and traumatic experience in her childhood. 
Kurt received the test slip and was about to lead Vivian to the blood test station when he noticed that she froze on the spot. 
He asked, “What’s wrong?”
“N-Nothing,” Vivian stammered. “I probably fell sick because I forgot to use my blankets last night. I-I’m fine. Let’s just skip the blood test.” 
She lowered her head, her hands fiddling anxiously with the corner of her blouse. 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
Suddenly, he remembered what Sebastian had told him about back when he was brought into SteelFort and given orders to protect Vivian. 
She doesn’t have any issues except for a phobia of blood. She had it after witnessing a gory incident when she was six years old. 
The phobia apparently extended to anything that shared the color of blood. 
Kurt frowned. How could I forget such an important detail? 
“Don’t be scared,” he coaxed. 
“What?” Vivian jerked her head up. 
Kurt reached for Vivian’s hand in response. His palm seemed unusually warm and comforting, a surprising but welcome change from his typically cold hands. 
The physical contact had Vivian in a daze. Kurt took advantage of her state and brought her to the blood test station. 
The cold needles, the stinging disinfectant odor, the IV tubes—Vivian suddenly snapped out of her stupor and shivered uncontrollably. 
She instinctively shrunk into herself, surprised when a warm hand covered her eyes.
Vivian’s mind went blank, and she could not remember anything that happened afterward. 
The next thing she remembered was sitting on the grass field outside the hospital, a cup of water warming her hands. 
“Do you feel better?” Kurt asked. 
There was the slightest hint of tenderness to his tone. 
Fiery and passionate, it was not, but his concern enveloped her like the residual warmth of the sunset rays. She felt comforted and protected. 
Vivian nodded in reply, still clutching the cup of water to her chest. 
She said, “I’m feeling much better. Are we leaving?” 
Truthfully, she was reluctant to leave. 
Will he still visit me after I return? If I seek him out after today, will he behave as he did on the first day of school? Steer clear of me like the plague? 
Vivian lowered her gaze, hiding the fact that her eyes brimmed with tears. 
Kurt stood up and offered, “Okay. I’ll send you home.” 
Sebastian had promised him a new assignment after his final exams. Though his exams were long over, Kurt would continue protecting Vivian until Sebastian’s orders said otherwise. 
Sending her home was naturally part of his duties. 
He did not know his offer would cause Vivian to suddenly perk up. Her downcast eyes lit up with excitement as she exclaimed, “Sure! Let’s go home!”
The discomfort that had plagued her body earlier seemed to dissipate instantly. She was now dragging Kurt off with gusto. 
If he follows me back, I’ll have a new way to keep him around. 
###Chapter 1583
Chapter 1583
Chapter 1583 Pride And Innocence 
Kurt and Vivian took a cab back to her villa that afternoon. 
The atmosphere was nowhere near as awkward as before. Vivian was uncharacteristically silent during the ride, biting her lip from time to time. 
Kurt noticed her behavior and repeatedly asked if she was feeling uncomfortable. 
Vivian hastily shook her head in response. 
Unbeknownst to him, she was hatching up a plan to keep him around. 
Do I pretend to be sick? No, that’s too unrealistic. The maids in the house will do a better job of taking care of me. Hmm. What excuse can I use then? 
Vivian was frustrated. 
By the time they arrived at the villa, she had come to the demoralizing conclusion that his departure was imminent. 
To no one’s surprise, Kurt made no move to leave the cab as he said, “We’re here. You can head inside.” 
Vivian paused in thoughtful silence as she remained seated in the cab. A faint blush colored her cheeks, and she blurted, “Aren’t you coming in too?” 
“What?” Kurt was understandably perplexed.
Vivian closed her eyes, steeling her nerves before uttering pettily, “I want you to send me inside. You’re my bodyguard now, and you have to obey all my orders.” 
Kurt stared at her wordlessly for several seconds before alighting from the cab. 
Vivian kept her eyes shut until she heard him close the car door. Then, she collected herself and exited through the other side of the cab, her heart racing a mile a minute. 
She was elated that her plan had worked. 
Assuming the role of a boss had Kurt tailing her obediently like a shadow. He seemed to be taking her words a touch too seriously as he continued to follow her even after entering the villa. 
Vivian was exasperated. 
I just wanted him to come in. He doesn’t need to follow me to every corner of the house. 
She began feeling uncomfortable after Kurt showed no signs of leaving her alone. 
Eventually, she stammered, “Y-You don’t need to follow me around the house. Just wait in the living room. We can eat together when the kitchen has finished cooking.” She even avoided his gaze as she prepared to sprint for her room. 
Vivian thought she was about to die from mortification. 
She was in for a surprise when Kurt caught up to her just as she turned to leave. 
He stated woodenly, “This is my duty as a bodyguard.” 
His statement felt cold and impersonal, and Vivian found herself at a loss for what to do. 
Why is he angry? It’s really scary. Did I say something wrong again?
Vivian had never been a particularly tactful girl, having enjoyed a pampered childhood courtesy of her parents and her two older brothers. As a result, she grew up into an innocent, naive teen. 
Kurt’s indecipherable expression confounded her deeply, as did his continued silence. 
He stared forward indifferently, and his expression was frosty and unapproachable. 
Vivian quivered in anxiety, her eyes beginning to well with tears. 
Finally, she stared into his eyes and exploded, “Go now. If you don’t want to stay here, then leave. I won’t force you to stay or pester you any longer. I will never bother you in the future either, and you’re free to do whatever you please. Happy?” 
She clutched her bag to her chest like a shield and sped for her room. 
Kurt froze in shock. 
He could not deny that he had acted coolly toward her, yet his heart clenched at the sight of a tearful Vivian running for her room. 
A weird feeling assailed his chest when she said she would no longer pester or bother him in the future. 
He forced his legs to move and caught up to her right before she entered her room. 
“That’s not what I meant,” he uttered, grabbing her wrist to halt her. 
Vivian stopped running and turned to look at him. 
Her face had gone splotchy with tears. She had never felt this humiliated in the seventeen years of her life. 
She sniffled a few times as she waited for him to speak.
Meanwhile, Kurt was struggling to come up with an explanation for his earlier hostility. 
The sight of her tearful face felt like a stab straight to his heart. 
Why did I take out my anger on her? She doesn’t know a thing. If she knew any better, I wouldn’t be living like this over the past five years. 
Kurt pursed his lips before saying, “That’s not what I meant. I just wanted to see you safely to your room.” 
Vivian continued to stare at him, valiantly trying to blink away her tears. Alas, two fat tears rolled down her face. 
Kurt stiffened and averted his gaze. 
He was too stubborn and proud to admit to Vivian that he had been upset earlier. I guess that makes me similar to her father in some ways. Ah well, I’d sooner bow to her every demand than attempt to explain my earlier behavior. 
###Chapter 1584
Chapter 1584
Chapter 1584 A Room 
Kurt’s surprisingly caring statement seemed to be exactly what Vivian needed. 
She immediately stopped crying, and her devastation quickly gave way to joy. 
“You’re staying, then?” 
Kurt sputtered, “I’m going to school.” 
Wiping her tears, Vivian reasoned, “You won’t have classes every day. My brothers told me that university class schedules are shorter and more flexible. Plus, you won’t be going there on the weekends. That has nothing to do with you staying here.” 
She looked like a child who had emerged triumphant in a play fight. 
Kurt was speechless, and his heartbeat was quicker than he would like to admit. 
He heard himself asking, “Sure you want me to live here?” 
Vivian’s eyes reddened with tears as she replied, “Of course. You said you’ll protect me, right? Shouldn’t my bodyguard live in the same place as me? And you’ve always lived with me in the past.” 
It had taken her a lot of courage to plead with him to stay. If he refused, Vivian did not think she could ever bring herself to utter these words to him again. 
Her case made, Vivian waited nervously for Kurt’s reply.
Thankfully, Kurt did not protest against her wishes. He turned his head away, communicating his agreement with his silence. 
Vivian was so happy she could walk on air. 
Later that night, she arranged for the household staff to prepare dinner for two and clean up one of the rooms for Kurt. She also asked a maid to stock up the room with some daily necessities. 
A maid showed Kurt to his room after dinner. When he opened his room door, he was struck silent by the sight of clean sheets, a neat desk, and a bathroom stocked with an array of toiletries. 
Kurt’s silence alarmed the maid, who wondered if he despised the pink lace-trimmed bedsheets they had used for his bed in a pinch. 
Hastily, she explained, “I must apologize, Mr. Lopez. Ms. Vivian did not inform us about your stay until today, so we only have her bedsheets available for use. Rest assured, she has instructed us to replace these sheets by the weekend. Until then, we hope you won’t mind using these.” 
Girly bed sheets were the least of Kurt’s concerns. 
He could not begin to describe his emotions upon learning that he had a tidy room to his name. 
No one knows how I’ve pulled through the past year. 
From the moment he admitted his identity in front of Vivian and took his stance, he had never expected to have a room of his own again. 
Back then, he had been wandering through life like a lone wolf, living off the streets like a shadow. 
He was a lost and lonely soul who believed that he would spend the rest of his life without a roof over his head.
This room was beginning to overturn his bleak outlook on his future. 
When Kurt finally lay on the bed, he kept his arms stiffly on his side. 
The muted feminine scent of the frilly sheets soothed the tension in his body. 
He allowed himself to relax, and he quickly fell into a deep sleep. 
Buzz! Buzz! 
“Hello?” Vivian answered groggily, jolted awake by an early call to her phone. 
Sonia’s voice greeted her ears. 
“Hello? Are you still sleeping, Vivian? Didn’t we agree to visit the farm today? We’re almost outside your house. Please don’t tell me you’re still lying in bed.” 
Vivian’s mind blanked for two seconds before she leaped off her bed in horror. 
Argh! I’m doomed! 
She washed up as quickly as she could and rushed downstairs without bothering to change out of her pajamas. 
“Ma’am, where’s Kurt? Where did he go?” 
“Huh?” 
The maid had been puzzled to see Vivian running around the house this morning. Vivian had sped from her room to Kurt’s before running downstairs to accost the maid with a question regarding Kurt’s whereabouts.
The maid answered truthfully, “I have no idea, miss. I haven’t seen him in the villa at all this morning.” 
Vivian’s excitement deflated instantly. 
She had been rushing around the house to seek Kurt out and invite him to join them on their visit to the farm. She had been so eager to find him that she couldn’t care less about her friends’ imminent arrival. 
How could he leave without a word? 
Vivian was devastated. 
Just then, a lanky shadow darted past the villa. 
Vivian’s eyes lit up as she made to follow the shadow. Before she could take a step, Sonia and her friends had arrived. They hurried into the villa excitedly as though they were running for their freedom. 
###Chapter 1585
Chapter 1585
Chapter 1585 Please 
“Vivi! We’re-” They were trying to shout for Vivian to let her know they had arrived. 
However, they were interrupted when they saw a figure standing in the garden of the villa. The figure turned around toward them coldly. 
Everyone was stunned. 
At that moment, they all felt a cold chill down their spines as the atmosphere turned ever so mystifying. 
Who is that? Why is he so intimidating? 
None of them dared to utter another word. 
Upon taking another look, Sonia finally recognized the beautiful face the young man had. Suddenly, she felt her heart racing, and she ran toward him. 
“Kurt, it’s you! Are you here to find Vivi as well?” she asked when she reached him. 
The young man didn’t answer her. 
Instead, he took a cold glance at the other students behind her and asked, “What are they doing here?” 
“Oh!” Sonia exclaimed and explained hastily, “They’re my classmates. Kurt, are you coming along with Vivi to go visit Amelia’s grandma’s farm for harvesting? We’ve told her about it that day.” 
“Harvest?” Kurt furrowed his brows sternly.
Fortunately, Sonia was used to his cold attitude. 
Hence, instead of answering him, she shouted for Vivian again. “Vivi, are you ready? We’re waiting for you.” 
Still upset, Vivian finally made her way out. But as soon as she stepped out, she saw the young man standing at the entrance of the villa and went silent. 
“Finally, you’re out! Vivi, Kurt is here. Didn’t you tell him about our farm visit? Does he not know?” Sonia asked. 
“Huh?” Vivian was still too emotional to regain her senses. 
After a while, she snapped out of her trance when Kurt gazed at her with his narrowed eyes. 
“Yes, Kurt. W-We’re going to Amelia’s grandma’s farm to harvest today. D-Do you want to come along?” 
“No!” Kurt unhesitantly rejected. Harvest farm goods? Is that what she wants to do? She has been such a princess all her life. Her grandpa would even be mad if she ever washed a plate at Oceanic Estate, and she’s going to harvest farm goods now? 
Not only did Kurt not want to go, but he also didn’t want Vivian to join the others. 
As soon as Vivian heard his rejection, she suddenly put on a pitiful expression and pleaded, “Please come along, Kurt. Amelia told us her grandma’s farm is fun! We can feed some fish, row a boat, and harvest some fruits! Please, Kurt!” 
She ended up acting coquettishly and held Kurt’s arm to convince him to go along. 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
Sonia and the others were also stumped by what they were seeing.
Indeed, everyone was jealous of Kurt because although Vivian was known to be a dainty girl at school, she had always kept a distance from people of the opposite gender. 
Because of that, she was close with all her schoolmates. 
However, none of them had ever seen her acting that way. The girls at the scene were all caught by surprise. 
As for the two boys, they could only envy from afar while wishing they were Kurt. How I wish she could hold my arm instead! 
In the end, Kurt agreed to go along. 
He didn’t expect Vivian to act so flirtatiously with the others around. At that precise moment, it was safe to say that her actions utterly perplexed him. How could I say no to her? 
Kurt went silent after that and kept a straight face throughout the whole journey to the farm. 
Since there were seven of them, inclusive of Vivian and Kurt, they had to split into two groups and go in two cars. Fortunately for them, two of the boys were old enough to drive. 
Amelia and Mona were in the first car while Sonia, Kurt, and Vivian were in the second. 
“Sonia, don’t we need to bring something along to visit Amelia’s grandma?” Since she was young, Vivian was taught not to go visit someone empty-handed. 
Sonia couldn’t make up her mind. “About that…” 
Suddenly, the boy who was driving blurted, “There’s no need to worry. Someone has already brought something along. Later, all we need to do is to chip in for the presents.”
Upon hearing that, Vivian and Sonia didn’t comment further. 
As for Kurt, he had never been one to dwell on such a thing. 
Two hours later, they had finally arrived at Amelia’s grandma’s farm. However, they were surprised when they saw a guy coming out of the first car who they didn’t see at the villa. 
“Isn’t that Dwayne? Why is he here?” 
“Yes, that’s him. But what is he doing here?” Vivian’s expression turned sullen as she shifted her gaze toward Kurt, who was getting out of the car. 
###Chapter 1586
Chapter 1586
Chapter 1586 Panicked 
As she expected, Kurt’s cool and collected expression immediately changed upon hearing that name. His eyes squinted, and suddenly, a wave of icy aura was emitted around his body. 
Vivian panicked and dashed toward Kurt before holding his arm again. 
The latter lowered his gaze in response. 
“You must believe me, Kurt! I didn’t know he’d be here today! No one mentioned him when we were planning for this trip!” Vivian anxiously explained to avoid any sort of misunderstanding. 
Kurt looked at her and unknowingly toned down his icy aura. 
Nonetheless, Dwayne had already spotted them and walked over to them. “Hi, Vivi! You guys are here! Wait, isn’t that-” Dwayne was over the moon when he saw Vivian there. However, he stopped talking and froze when he saw the young man standing right beside her. 
Upon seeing that, Vivian held Kurt’s arm ever so tightly and introduced the young man curtly, “Yes, this is Kurt. Why are you here as well, Dwayne? Amelia didn’t mention you were coming as well.” 
She was eager to draw a line between Dwayne and herself after what happened half a year ago. 
Kurt pursed his lips after hearing Vivian’s words. 
Instinctively, his gaze softened.
Dwayne was caught by surprise by Vivian’s directness. Suddenly, he lost all his skills of socializing and stood still awkwardly. 
“Well, my family is a stakeholder in this farm. So when my dad heard about the harvesting, he needed to know the progress over the past year,” explained Dwayne after he quickly came to his senses. 
However, that couldn’t be further from the truth. The reason he was there was that he knew both the boys who were there that day. 
Also, one of the three girls present, Amelia, was very fond of him. Hence, she agreed straight away when he told her he wanted to tag along without consulting Vivian. 
“Yes, Vivi. Dwayne came because he wanted to see the progress made on the farm. This is completely coincidental. Please don’t be mad,” Amelia explained. 
The other two boys quickly nodded in agreement. 
Since it was concurred by them, Sonia and Vivian didn’t question further. 
As for Kurt, he couldn’t help but glare coldly at the foreign student. Without saying a word, his stare was enough to petrify Dwayne as the latter turned his head to avoid him. 
What a weird kid! Isn’t he only younger than me by three to four years? Why is he so vicious? He’s even more annoying now compared to half a year ago. 
With that, Dwayne didn’t dare to go near Vivian anymore. Along with the two boys and Amelia, they walked toward the farm. 
Seeing that, Sonia walked up to Vivian and asked, “Vivi, are we still going in?” 
“We’ll do as Kurt says! If he says no, then we shall head back at this instant!” Much to everyone’s surprise, Vivian was willing to do as the young man in her arms wished.
Sonia couldn’t help but chuckle in response. 
On the other hand, Kurt blushed and looked the other way embarrassingly. “Do as you like. You don’t have to ask me.” 
“But, are you going?” Vivian leaned closely toward him and asked affectionately. She was so near to him that he could feel her breath on his neck. 
Kurt was rendered speechless as he gritted his teeth. 
Out of a sudden, he lifted her up effortlessly and walked toward the farm. 
“Hey! Why are you carrying me like you’re my daddy? My daddy used to carry me like this when I was little. I’m not a purse! Put me down, Kurt!” 
“Shut up!” he retorted back domineeringly. 
Behind them, Sonia gaped in astonishment as she watched them go. What a bizarre way to make an entrance! Damn! Don’t they know I’m single? Why are they trying to display affection in front of me? 
Sonia had no choice but to make her way toward the farm on her own. 
Unlike the other countries where farmers only produce for their own consumption, farms in Yartran were industrialized. These farmers would often purchase a big piece of land and sell off their produce. 
Amelia’s grandma was doing exactly that. That year, not only was the farm harvesting potatoes, but they also invested in fish harvesting. Hence, they had a huge lake on the farm. According to Sonia, they could row and catch the fish in the lake while they were there. 
“Okay. Now that we’re here, we should start assigning tasks! Amelia’s grandma said our activities today should comprise harvesting potatoes and catching fish! Besides that, we can even milk the cows.”
###Chapter 1587
Chapter 1587
Chapter 1587 Drooling 
“I want to milk the cows!” Mona excitedly put up her hand and told them she’d milk the cows with her boyfriend. 
Apparently, one of the boys on the trip was her boyfriend. 
With that task out of the way, potatoes and fish were the only options left. 
As the host, Amelia shifted her gaze toward the rest and asked, “Sonia and Vivi, what would you guys like to do?” 
“I want to go fishing with Vivi! We’re looking forward to rowing a boat,” Sonia immediately answered because she knew how much Vivian was looking forward to it. 
Vivian got excited when she heard that. “Yes, Sonia, Kurt, and I will go catch some fish.” 
“All right, then. Dwayne and Levi, please follow me. We shall harvest the potatoes.” Amelia had an apologetic look on her face as she looked at Dwayne. 
That was because she planned to go fishing with him on the beautiful lake. How romantic it’d be to row and fish with him! 
Right after Amelia’s words, Dwayne cleared his throat and halted Sonia in her tracks. “Sonia, do you guys know how to row a boat?” 
“Huh?” Sonia was puzzled. He’s right! I have no idea how to do that!
When she turned and wanted to consult the other two, she saw that Kurt and Vivian had already walked away excitedly. In fact, each of them had fishing nets and fishing jumpsuits in their hands, respectively. 
“How about this? I’ll tag along. Considering how Vivian was brought up, I doubt she knows anything about rowing a boat. As for Kurt, he’s just too young. I’ll go along to see if they’re capable. If they are, I’ll leave,” Dwayne suggested out of kindness. 
Upon hearing that, Sonia had no reason to reject his suggestion. 
When Vivian and Kurt arrived by the lake, they quickly changed and put on their fishing jumpsuits. Suddenly, they saw the tall blonde guy approaching along with Sonia. 
“Vivi, Dwayne said he wanted to teach us how to operate the boat,” Sonia uttered. 
“A-All right, then.” Vivian agreed reluctantly. 
Kurt didn’t protest. 
After a few minutes, they all got onto the boat. By then, they’d just realized that instead of rowing with oars, the boat had an engine on it. 
“Thank goodness you’re here with us, Dwayne! Otherwise, we wouldn’t know how to operate it.” Sonia was full of gratitude as she watched Dwayne start the engine. 
In response, Dwayne flashed her a smile. “Don’t mention it. Since I visit here often, I saw this coming. Sit tight, everyone! We’ll leave soon.” 
Then, he went back to preparing the boat for the fishing trip. 
Seeing that, Vivian was getting moody and worried. It seems like he’s going to be with us throughout the trip!
“Kurt?” she blurted. 
“Could you please find some new ropes? The ones in this net are on the verge of snapping.” As he was wearing the fishing jumpsuit and holding the fishing net, Kurt finally took off his hoodie. As a result, his thick, silky black hair was exposed. It was mesmerizingly shiny under the blazing sun. 
Vivian was flabbergasted. When she was passing the new ropes to Kurt, her eyes were fixed on his facial features. What a pair of beautiful eyes! He looks like a flawless character out of novels! That fair and delicate face, dazzling eyes, and those eyelashes! Wow! How I wish I could put my hands on them! 
In fact, that was exactly what she did. 
Instead of passing him the ropes, her soft fingers gently touched his face when he was about to raise his gaze toward her. 
Kurt was rendered speechless. 
At that moment, it was as if time itself had come to a standstill. They stared at each other affectionately, just inches apart. In fact, they were so close to each other that Kurt could clearly see his reflection through her crystal clear eyes. 
Dwayne and Sonia were bewildered. 
After more or less ten seconds, Dwayne had finally regained his composure and started the engine with a grouchy expression. 
Instantly, the boat rocked. Vivian was thrown toward Kurt’s chest after she let out a scream. 
To Kurt’s surprise, he instinctively held her tightly in his arms the moment she was thrown at him. Without the slightest hint of awkwardness, he had even held and pressed her head against his chest. Everything happened so fast that his response was almost like a reflex.
In actuality, it was only natural for them to act that way with each other. After all, they were a pair of childhood sweethearts. 
After about ten minutes, they arrived at the center of the lake. 
“We’re here! Finally, we can start catching fish!” Vivian was full of excitement. 
At that moment, she was in a phenomenal mood. Not only was she about to fish, but also because Kurt didn’t shove her away, nor did he get mad at her for touching his eyes. 
###Chapter 1588
Chapter 1588
Chapter 1588 Man Overboard 
That was so embarrassing! Why did I do that just now? Vivian walked hurriedly toward Sonia and avoided looking at that young man. She was utterly embarrassed with herself. 
At that moment, her face blushed as red as a rose. 
From behind, Dwayne’s eyes were glued to her. However, he knew she had somebody else on her mind. Since it was his first time facing a rejection, he couldn’t help but sulk on his own at the stern of the boat. 
“Dwayne, do you mind teaching us how to cast the fishing net?” 
“Sure!” He put on a smile and walked over to Sonia. 
The latter passed the net to him while Vivian was watching from the side. 
Indeed, there was a trick behind casting a fishing net. Since the net Amelia’s grandma gave to them was a small one, they could end up with no fish at all if the net wasn’t cast properly. 
Dwayne handsomely cast the net into the lake. 
“Wow! You’re good at this, Dwayne!” 
“Indeed! I wonder if we can catch some fish!” Vivian praised out loud. 
She was so keen on catching fish that she was lying on her belly by the side of the boat with her head just above the water as she looked at the fish under it.
Kurt then walked toward her and lifted her by her life vest. 
“Hey! What are you doing, Kurt? Why are you lifting me again? I want to see the fish!” Vivian squirmed in protest. 
However, the aloof young man didn’t give her a hoot. He lifted her toward the seat on the deck before putting her down. “See them from here,” he instructed expressionlessly. 
Again, Dwayne and Sonia kept mum awkwardly. 
Although Dwayne was fuming, there was nothing he could do. 
After a while, they caught a lot of fish with the net. Out of a sudden, the girls were jumping in excitement when they saw the catch. 
“Wow! That’s a lot of fish!” 
“Exactly! There are crabs and shrimps as well! Vivi, we’ve got some shrimps!” Sonia squealed. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian couldn’t stop herself from running toward the catch and started picking out all the shrimps. 
Indeed, another of the reasons for their visit was to catch some shrimps and grill them back at the villa. 
When Dwayne saw how happy Vivian was with the catch, he felt proud of himself. 
“Kurt, how about your net? Is it ready to be reeled in?” Dwayne shifted his gaze toward him. Right then, Kurt was standing near the edge of the boat. 
Much to his annoyance, Kurt didn’t bother to answer him. Instead, Kurt was staring blankly at the lake while ignoring his existence.
Seeing that, Dwayne was enraged. He glared at Kurt before noticing a fishing line at the bottom of his own feet. 
“Ah!” Dwayne yelled while pretending to trip on the fishing line before tumbling down in Kurt’s direction. 
The moment Dwayne thought he was pushing Kurt overboard, Kurt effortlessly stepped aside. Suddenly, Dwayne was falling headfirst into the lake instead. 
Splash! 
The splashing sound was so loud it spooked the fish in the net. 
Vivian and Sonia were busy picking out the shrimps when they heard the sound. They both stood up abruptly and asked, “What happened, Kurt? What happened?” 
“Everything’s fine.” Kurt stared at the person in the water contemptuously. 
Luckily for Dwayne, he knew how to swim. Otherwise, he’d have drowned in the lake. 
The moment he went afloat, he glared angrily at Kurt with his bloodshot blue eyes. “How dare you?” 
“Well, who started it first? I’m pretty sure it was you.” Although the wind blew extremely strong that day, Kurt was standing steadily on the edge of the boat. 
Noticing that, Dwayne finally realized Kurt wasn’t one to mess around with. 
Suddenly, he remembered something. Half a year ago, he admitted that he was a bodyguard sent by her dad to protect her. So? Are you trying to make a move on the girl? Dwayne scoffed internally. 
“Kurt, are you into your princess? What’s with you? Don’t you remember what you said half a year ago? Are you going back on your words?”
“What did you say?” Kurt was enraged by his words. 
Almost immediately, a wave of murderous intent filled Kurt’s eyes. 
While still in the water, Dwayne’s expression changed upon seeing that. Nevertheless, he didn’t back down because he knew his words had hit a nerve. 
“Did I say something wrong? Otherwise, what else would the interaction between the both of you mean? To be frank, if a bodyguard from my family would act so despicably, we’d kill him right away. Kurt, does her daddy know about this? Do you want me to tell him?” Dwayne provoked. 
A moment of total silence ensued. Not a single sound could be heard on the lake. 
###Chapter 1589
Chapter 1589
Chapter 1589 Buzzkill 
The next thing Dwayne felt was a hand forcefully grabbing onto his head. 
While still in the water, he felt a throbbing pain on the top of his head. Before he could react, Kurt violently pushed him into the water while also getting into the water himself. 
“Ah!” He started convulsing vigorously underwater. 
As fear crept upon him, he struggled with all his might as he tried to break free by shaking off the hand on his head. While doing that, he shouted for help. 
Little did he know, the young man wasn’t a typical boy that he could bully and get away with it. 
When Kurt was only ten, he managed to fight off a group of thugs right outside his school. There was no way Dwayne was strong enough to break free from Kurt. 
Meanwhile, fury and anger welled up within Kurt. I’m going to drown you in the lake! 
Suddenly, a girl’s voice was heard coming from the other end of the boat. “Kurt! What are you doing, Kurt? Let him go! Kurt!” 
That voice belonged to Vivian. Finally, the girls had realized the commotion. 
Vivian threw aside whatever was in her hands and rushed toward them. She shouted in shock when she saw both of them in the water. 
Sonia reacted the same way.
The moment Kurt heard Vivian’s voice, the murderous aura from his body gradually dispersed. 
After a few minutes, he managed to get back onto the boat. As for Dwayne, he needed Sonia and Vivian to drag him out of the water. After that, he lay down in the boat weakly. 
“A-Are you okay, Dwayne?” Vivian was worried when she saw how disheveled he was. 
Obviously, she wasn’t worried about Dwayne per se, but the trouble Kurt would be in if anything bad happened. She was well aware of the fact that Dwayne came from a formidable family as well. 
Regardless of her intention, Dwayne suddenly felt a rush of energy when he mistook her words for consolation. 
“Vivi, I didn’t do anything wrong! All I did was say a few words to him, and the next thing I knew, he shoved me into the water. Is this how your bodyguard should act? Why is he so against me? Is it because he’s still not happy about us taking photos together half a year ago?” Dwayne grumbled. 
Upon hearing that, Kurt clenched his injured fingers in anger. 
As for Sonia, she was taken aback as a series of questions ran through her mind. Bodyguard? Kurt? Is Kurt really Vivi’s bodyguard? How could that be? Before this, he went to the same school as us! This time around, he’s also studying at Atlantius University. How could he be Vivi’s bodyguard? 
Baffled, she gazed toward her friend standing right beside her. 
At that moment, Vivian’s expression changed dramatically. 
She stood up abruptly. Suddenly, the little girl who always had a mild temperament was nowhere to be seen. Her eyes filled with rage, and she said, “Dwayne, Kurt is not my bodyguard. H-He’s a part of our family. Since we grew up together, he’s like a brother to me! My family had never treated him as an outsider.”
Everyone went silent. 
Her words got everyone gapping in disbelief, especially Dwayne. 
As for Kurt, he could only look at Vivian in bewilderment. Family? What? Did she say I’m a part of her family? 
He was rooted to the ground for a long time. 
Soon after, they brought the boat back. That was when Amelia and Mona rushed toward them and asked what had happened. Apparently, they saw everything, although they were on dry land. 
Unfortunately, Vivian wasn’t in the mood to talk to any of them. 
Since she was a very even-tempered girl with a passive attitude, almost all of her friends took her for a fool. But contrary to what they thought of her, she was actually a smart girl. 
“Kurt, let’s leave here. There’s an assignment I need to complete.” Vivian didn’t want Kurt to face the questions that the others were about to ask him. Hence, she decided to leave with him. 
Again, Kurt was stunned by Vivian’s actions. Why would she side with me? Doesn’t she find me nosy anymore? 
Kurt then pursed his lips slightly. “Oh, okay.” 
With that, Vivian was ready to leave. 
Amelia, who was nearby, ran quickly toward her. “Vivi! Are you guys leaving already? We’ve only been here for less than two hours! In fact, we’re just getting started.”
“Yes, we are. I’m sorry, Amelia. I just remembered about an assignment which I have to complete. Kurt will follow me back. Sonia, how about you? Do you want to go with me?” Vivian gazed toward Sonia. 
Sonia was also a sensible girl. Besides, she saw what happened while they were on the boat. Frankly, her impression of Dwayne had worsened after that episode. 
In the end, Sonia decided to follow Vivian and Kurt. 
As for the people they left behind at the farm, none of them was happy to see them leave, especially Dwayne. 
“Dwayne, what should we do now? You’ve gone through all the preparations for the trip for Vivian. Yet, everything was ruined by that kid.” One of the boys was livid. 
The other added, “Exactly! That kid is such an annoying buzzkill. As long as he’s around, I don’t think there’s a chance for you to make a move on Vivian, Dwayne.” 
As soon as he heard their comments, Dwayne narrowed his darkened eyes. 
“If that’s the case, I guess we have to get rid of him,” Dwayne said casually after a long stare. 
Instantly, the facial expressions of both the boys turned grim. 
“Get rid of him? But he’s part of the Hayes family. What is going to happen to us if we lay a finger on him? Will the Hayeses come after us?” one of them queried. 
“You’re overthinking. He’s only a bodyguard for the Hayeses. I don’t think they’d mind losing one bodyguard.” Dwayne’s voice was full of mockery. 
###Chapter 1590
Chapter 1590
Chapter 1590 Trap 
That day, Vivian and Kurt didn’t leave the villa after heading back. 
When the weekend was over, Kurt was leaving for class. 
“Kurt, if y-you’d like to come during the weekdays, y-you’re welcome. I’d be here.” Vivian gathered all her courage as she said with her blushing cheeks. 
Kurt stopped in his tracks abruptly. Atlantius is so far from here! It’d take more than two hours by train, and after that, I’d still need to take a bus. If I were to come by every day after class, I’d only reach here late at night! 
However, his heart was melting by the second as he stood there. Knowing that Vivian was looking forward to seeing him every day, he started blushing as well. 
“Okay.” 
He agreed regardless of the trouble he’d have to go through every night. 
Vivian was over the moon after that. This is perfect! Now, I’d get to see him every day! 
That day, with a backpack on her back, she couldn’t help but keep smiling all the way to school. 
That was when Sonia bumped into her at the school’s entrance. Upon seeing how good of a mood Vivian was in, she asked, “Did something good happen? Why do you look so happy so early in the morning?” 
Unsure of what to say, Vivian simply lowered her head shyly in response.
“It’s nothing. I was just thinking about how close we are to completing the design of Lady Adalyn’s dress! I’m so excited.” 
“Oh, that’s true!” Sonia just remembered something. “I’d forgotten about the purse I have to design for her! Let’s go inside. We’re racing against time!” 
And so, the pair of good friends held hands as they walked toward their school. 
Upon arriving in the classroom, their teacher went up to them and told them to hurry up because Adalyn’s party was being carried forward. 
Both of them were getting anxious because they were running out of time. 
Throughout the day, they were both busy with designing tasks. In the afternoon, Vivian had no choice but to leave the school because she needed to buy some materials to make the dress. 
“Where are you going, Vivi? Are you going to buy some materials for the dress?” 
To Vivian’s surprise, she bumped into Amelia and her boyfriend in a car outside the school entrance. 
Vivian had no idea why they were there. So, she asked, “Yes, I am. What about the two of you?” 
“I’m going out with my boyfriend. Hop in, Vivi! We’ll give you a ride,” Amelia responded hastily. 
Vivian went silent for a moment. 
This is odd. Didn’t they go to the farm together last weekend? I’m sure she was still single at that time. Suddenly they’re a couple now? After hesitating for a while as she looked at the guy, Vivian agreed to follow them. 
I better not think too much about another’s personal matters. Also, Amelia is nice to me in class. I don’t think it’s too much of an issue to hitch a ride off them. Vivian then left the school in their car.
“Vivi, are you making Lady Adalyn’s dress?” 
While they were in the car, Amelia saw Vivian busy altering an image on her smartphone. 
Vivian nodded in response. “Yes. I heard they’re carrying it forward!” 
“I’ve heard about it as well. I’ve also heard that the party is being organized by the royal family. I bet it’s going to be grand! Vivi, you must do well, okay? Make sure there’s no mistake!” 
Unexpectedly, Amelia was very well-informed. 
Royal family? Vivian raised her gaze. 
If that’s the case, don’t I need materials of higher quality? Why didn’t I think of this? The rhinestones I have now aren’t good enough! The cloth I’m using is too ordinary, I’m afraid. 
At that moment, Vivian was starting to panic. “Amelia, m-maybe we shouldn’t go to the wholesale market anymore. Let’s go to Premium Mall instead.” 
“Premium Mall?” Amelia shot her boyfriend a look. 
After she saw him flashing a smile in response, she nodded and said to Vivian, “All right. Let’s go to Premium Mall then.” 
“Okay, thanks!” Vivian was full of gratitude. 
After that, she continued designing the dress. 
Premium Mall was one of the malls selling premium quality goods, albeit pricey. 
Normally, students like Vivian would go to a typical wholesale market to buy their materials. That was where Vivian used to go as well.
However, this time around, she needed premium materials to make Adalyn’s dress. She had only been to Premium Mall once or twice before. 
As Vivian was focused on designing, she wasn’t aware she was being betrayed by her friend. 
Amelia texted Dwayne: Dwayne, Vivi is with us. 
Dwayne: Okay. All you need to do is send her there. I’ll take care of the rest. 
With that, the car was moving ever faster. 
After around twenty minutes, they’d arrived at Premium Mall. 
“Vivi, we’re here!” 
“Oh, okay. Amelia, I can’t thank you guys enough!” Vivian took her bag before getting out of the car and thanked Amelia. 
###Chapter 1591 Stay Where You Are
Chapter 1591 Stay Where You Are
Amelia waved before leaving with her boyfriend. 
Meanwhile, Vivian rushed into the shopping mall. 
Afraid that she would return home too late, she sent a message before entering. 
Vivian: Kurt, I’ll be going back a bit later today. Lady Adalyn wants to collect her gown earlier. Since she’s attending the royal ball, I have no choice but to buy the materials at Premium Mall. 
There was no response. 
Perhaps, he’s busy since school just started. 
Vivian entered the luxurious megamall and started searching for what she wanted. 
“Hello! May I ask if you sell rhinestones and saltwater pearls?” 
“We sell rhinestones, but not saltwater pearls.” 
The boss shook his head regretfully. 
Vivian desired the saltwater pearls for their lustre. The quality of freshwater and saltwater pearls was different—freshwater pearls could be cultivated according to one’s wishes. 
However, saltwater oysters would include rarely found Pinctada, black-lip pearl oysters, and so on. Pearls from those oysters were very different in terms of color and lustre. 
Vivian continued roaming the shopping mall.
To her disappointment, even after combing through the first to third floors, she still could not find anything. There was only one more floor left. 
When she was about to take the lift up to the fourth floor, Kurt called. 
“Hey, where are you?” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian, who was feeling extremely dejected, started complaining after accepting the call. 
“Kurt, I’m still at Premium Mall. I wanted to look for some saltwater pearls, but I just can’t find any. What should I do?” 
“Wait for me there. I’ll go over right away.” 
When Kurt heard that, he assured Vivian and hung up immediately. 
Vivian’s exhaustion disappeared in an instant as if she had just found a pillar of support. No longer going to the fourth floor, she ran downstairs happily with her backpack. 
She then found a cafe near the shopping mall and sat there, waiting for Kurt. 
Meanwhile, the boss of the jewelry shop on the fourth floor, who had specially prepared his shop beforehand, was fuming. 
After waiting for half an hour, Vivian spotted a lean figure appearing in the midst of the streetlamps’ glow. 
“Kurt! I’m here!” 
She ran out happily and waved at him enthusiastically. 
A youth’s love was always the most genuine.
Furthermore, they had just reconciled. If Vivian were not worried that he might be upset, she would have run over and hugged his arm. 
Her eyes sparkled as she watched him walk toward her. 
Wearing his favorite hoodie, he was still quite expressionless. However, this time, she noticed that his pretty eyes were filled with gentleness as he gazed at her. 
“Let’s go.” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian was stunned. 
Go? Go where? 
In that split second, he stretched out his hand from his hoodie’s pocket and held her hand. 
Vivian was speechless. 
Dazed, she followed him. 
When she returned to her senses once again, she discovered that they had arrived at a noisy and bustling seafood market. 
“Uh… Kurt, I’m supposed to buy pearls. Why did you bring me here?” 
“Where do pearls come from?” 
“Oysters.” 
“Where do oysters come from?”
Vivian, who still had not figured it out, gazed at the seafood vendors that stretched onward for a few miles. Finally, she understood what was going on. 
Both of them only managed to cover half of the seafood market after twenty minutes. However, Vivian was already holding a bag filled with pearls. 
“Hahaha! You’re too smart, Kurt. How did you come up with such an idea? This is amazing! I don’t need to worry about my materials anymore.” 
Having bought what she wanted, Vivian stared at the bag happily and praised Kurt generously. 
Stiffening, he turned his head away and stared in another direction. 
“Is that enough?” 
“Yeah! Although these aren’t as good as the products sold in jewelry shops, I can pick out the better ones. They should be good enough to make a dress,” replied Vivian firmly. 
Happily holding her hand, Kurt mumbled an acknowledgment. 
With that, they returned home. 
Vivian asked, “Oh, right. How did you reach me so quickly, Kurt? Doesn’t it take a few hours to come here from Atlantius? I spent more than three hours traveling the previous time I visited you.” 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
Ignoring that foolish girl, he turned his head away and gazed out of the bus window. 
However, he suddenly spotted a black car outside the bus.
It was normal for other cars to appear on the road. However, it was strange that the bus had been driving along the road for almost ten minutes, but the black car had been trailing at the side constantly. 
Can’t it go faster than the bus? 
Kurt’s eyes glinted as a cold smirk played on his lips. 
###Chapter 1592 Absolute Kill
Chapter 1592 Absolute Kill
Vivian asked, “What’s wrong, Kurt?” 
“Nothing. Let’s get off. It’s getting late, so it’s more convenient to take a taxi back,” explained Kurt gently. Gazing at Vivian, he pulled her to her feet. 
Naturally, Vivian listened to him. 
For some reason, although he was two years younger than her, she felt safe whenever he was by her side. 
Hence, she listened to him willingly. 
Both of them alighted the bus. 
After hailing a taxi, Kurt entered it with her. 
He glanced at his watch after getting into the taxi. Suddenly, he said to Vivian, “The trip will take half an hour. If you’re tired, you can lean on me and take a short nap.” 
She was stunned. 
Lean on him and take a nap? 
The seventeen-year-old girl felt embarrassed by what he had said. 
However, she was very willing to do that. She leaned over and hugged Kurt’s arm boldly. After a short while, she fell asleep.
In the dim taxi, Kurt turned around and glanced at the car that had been following them. He looked at the taxi driver and instructed calmly, “Find an empty place and stop there. Look after her in the car.” 
“Okay. Be careful!” 
Within a few minutes, the taxi stopped, and Kurt got out. 
It was an autumn night. In this slightly remote city up in the North, especially on such a quiet road, there was basically no one. A gust of chilly wind blew past, causing the tree leaves on the floor to flutter in the air. The chill felt even more biting. 
The people in the car that had been following them saw Kurt in the dark, blocking their way. 
“Sir, what is…” 
When they saw him, they were shocked. 
The driver slammed his foot against the brake, causing the car to screech to a halt. 
No one could describe that feeling. Although Kurt looked thin and his shadow seemed so lonely in the darkness of the night, they felt an overwhelmingly murderous aura from him. 
It was as if he was a wolf, crouching over there and waiting to ambush them. 
Is he really not afraid of dying? 
They clenched their fists. 
At the same time, their employer’s voice sounded from the walkie-talkie. “If that’s the case, let’s fulfill his death wish! Attack!” 
The men got out of the car, each of them holding weapons.
However, Kurt did not even bat an eyelash. 
When he saw them charging over, his lips curved into a mocking smile under his cap. In the next second, his hand shot out and forcefully grabbed the man nearest to him by his wrist. 
Snap! 
Still holding a weapon, the man did not even manage to see how Kurt managed to grab his wrist. 
The sound of his bones snapping reverberated across the road. 
The man shrieked miserably. 
Is he that good? 
The expressions on the other men’s faces changed. 
However, they soon regained their composure and continued attacking Kurt. 
However, they ended up in a more dismal state. 
Kurt was like an actual wolf. After tossing away the man whom he had just dealt with, he stood on his tiptoes. When the others frantically surrounded him, he leaped over their heads, and a sharp glint appeared in his hand. 
“Argh!” 
Cries of pain sounded again. 
A dagger, which was stained with blood, had emerged in his hand out of nowhere. With that, he slit the person’s neck. 
This is terrifying! Is he really a teenager?
Even the bodyguards could not match up to his fighting skills. 
They wanted to retreat. 
However, when the mastermind who was monitoring the scene remotely saw that, his embarrassment turned to rage. He screamed uncontrollably, “Attack! Continue attacking and kill him!” 
The only sounds that could be heard from the walkie-talkie were his furious cries to kill Kurt. 
Kill me? 
Kurt sniffed the blood on his hand. 
Within a moment, a terrifyingly bloodthirsty look flashed across his eyes in the darkness. Gripping his dagger, he was no longer holding himself back. 
His dagger slashed left and right in one swift motion. 
When the taxi driver saw that from afar, he turned around and averted his gaze quietly. 
How violent! 
Didn’t Mr. Frost always tell us that the ultimate level was to defeat the enemies without getting a single drop of blood on our hands? This violent scene reminds me of that prodigy from SteelFort in the past. 
Everything but his temper is good. 
After a few minutes, Kurt finished off all the men. 
However, he merely crippled them instead of killing them off—they were not worthy enough to die at his hands.
“Listen up! Go back and tell your employer that this will be the first and last time. Otherwise, I’ll go to his house personally and massacre his family.” 
He squatted on the ground and tossed the dagger, which was still dripping blood, next to the men. Lying in a pool of blood, they could not even get to their feet. 
Naturally, they could not reply either. 
However, from the blinking walkie-talkie, one could hear the sounds of someone panting heavily and gritting his teeth. 
Go to my house personally and massacre my family? How bold of him! Kurt, you jerk! 
###Chapter 1593 Your Daughter Has Been Bullied
Chapter 1593 Your Daughter Has Been Bullied
By the time Vivian woke up, she had already arrived home. 
She opened her eyes in a daze and realized that someone was carrying her. Jolting awake, she widened her eyes in shock. 
“K-Kurt?” 
When she spoke, she could feel the arms around her stiffen. 
However, he did not release her. With his ears slightly blushing, he glanced away and hugged her even more tightly as he carried her in. 
Vivian’s heart was racing. 
Not even daring to breathe loudly, she grabbed Kurt’s collar tightly and lowered her gaze. Her cheeks burned as she listened to the steady beating of his heart. 
Soon, they arrived in the living room. 
“All right, you’re home now. Go up and sleep early,” reminded Kurt as he placed her down on the couch, not even daring to meet her gaze. He pretended as if nothing had happened. 
However, Vivian became even more flustered. 
She covered her blushing cheeks. After mumbling a response, she dashed away quickly. 
The wind outside the windows was still very chilly.
However, there was a heartwarming and sweet atmosphere in the room, filled with purest teenage love. It was like a beautiful painting outlined in the prettiest colors. 
This was a scene that would be ingrained in one’s mind forever. 
That night, both of them slept soundly in the villa. 
Meanwhile, at Maalaea, which had a five-hour difference, the sky was already turning brighter. Upon hearing his phone vibrating on the bedside table, Sebastian hugged the woman sleeping soundly in his arms before grabbing the phone. 
Karl: Mr. Hayes, I just received news from Yartran that when Kurt was bringing Ms. Vivian home, he encountered an attack. However, it’s settled now. 
It was Karl. 
An attack? 
When those words appeared in front of Sebastian’s eyes, a murderous look filled his eyes. He looked like a sleeping lion that had been awakened. 
Sebastian: What happened? Does someone have a death wish? 
Karl: According to the investigation, it’s by a male student called Dwayne. He went to Oceanic Estate to look for Ms. Vivian half a year ago. Do you still remember, Mr. Hayes? 
Sebastian remained silent. 
Nonsense! Why would I remember these incidences for no reason? Furthermore, I wasn’t awake back then. 
A hint of impatience flashed across his eyes as he lay on the bed.
Sebastian: What’s going on now? Is it another Helena? 
Karl: Probably not. However, Dwayne was quite nice to Ms. Vivian in school and took care of her. However, after Kurt joined her, he started targeting Kurt for some reason. 
Sebastian: Targeting Kurt? 
Interesting… 
Sebastian turned off his phone. 
He was a youth once, so he understood how these teenage girls and boys felt. However, it was simply too ridiculous if someone resorted to such harsh methods just because the other party was too exceptional. 
He prepared to get up. While Sasha was still sleeping, he planned to make breakfast first. 
After staying there for a period of time and spending alone time with his wife, life had been really serene. He even learned how to do some simple household chores, such as preparing breakfast. 
However, the moment he flipped the covers away, Sasha wrapped her arms around him again. 
“Where are you going? It isn’t even daybreak yet.” 
“I’m going to prepare breakfast. After eating, let’s visit Vivian.” 
“Huh?” 
Despite still feeling sleepy, Sasha opened her eyes immediately after hearing that. 
“What did you say? Visit Vivian?” she asked, feeling pleasantly surprised. Her childlike excitement was quite amusing.
Sebastian immediately felt a bit guilty. 
She had been staying there with him for such a long time for his sake. There was no mother who did not love her own child. 
When Vivian first went to school, Sasha did not send her there because she needed to treat him. Hence, Vivian had to go alone. 
Thinking about it, Sasha probably felt very guilty toward Vivian. 
Sebastian hugged her and kissed her forehead lightly. 
“Yeah, we’re going to visit her. Do you want to wake up now? There’s a five-hour time difference here compared to Yartran. If we leave after eating breakfast, we can arrive just in time for their breakfast time. If there’s still time, we can go to the supermarket and buy some ingredients for you to prepare a loving breakfast for her.” 
“Oh!” 
Sasha screamed in excitement. 
She crawled out from his embrace and ran into the bathroom at lightning speed. 
“Sebby, you should wash up quickly! Oh, right. Just pack your own things. I’ll handle the rest.” 
Sebastian could hear her mumbling in the bathroom, with her toothbrush still in her mouth. He found that quite amusing. 
What does she mean by just pack my own things? 
###Chapter 1594 Going To Get Caught
Chapter 1594 Going To Get Caught
Am I that incapable? 
After all, he was not like his past self. 
He got up calmly, changed his clothes, and started packing. 
After Sasha finished washing up and left the bathroom, she discovered that there was already a packed suitcase in the bedroom. 
There was even a beautiful dress laid out on the bed for her. 
Sasha was stunned. 
Wow! Looks like Sebby’s improving. 
Delighted, she walked over and wrapped her arms around Sebastian, who was still picking some accessories for her. 
“You’re amazing, Hubby!” 
She’s calling me Hubby again. 
A lustful look flashed across his eyes. However, he suppressed his desire. Pulling Sasha toward him forcefully, he kissed her before letting her go. 
There was no rush. After all, Vivian was more important. 
An hour later, they finally set out.
“Sebby, have you informed Vivi that we’re going over?” 
“No,” replied Sebastian as he drove. 
Why should we inform her? Isn’t it better to give her a surprise? 
He wanted to know why people kept seeking trouble with her, even though she was his daughter. Have I been keeping a low profile for such a long time that people don’t notice my existence anymore? 
Both of them boarded the plane soon. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was still sleeping soundly at the villa in Yartran, completely oblivious to what was happening. 
When it was almost daybreak, she suddenly heard a thud in the room opposite hers. It sounded exceptionally loud in the silent villa, thus waking her up. 
What happened? Did something fall? 
She opened her eyes immediately. While she returned to her senses, she realized that the sound came from the opposite room. 
“Kurt?” 
She immediately got up from the bed, ran to the door, and flung it open. 
The sound indeed came from Kurt’s room. 
Meanwhile, he had already come out of his room, carrying his backpack. It looked like he had just pulled some random clothes over his head before rushing out in a hurry.
“Where are you going, Kurt? It isn’t even daybreak yet. Why are you leaving?” asked Vivian anxiously when she saw him. 
However, Kurt did not want to reply. 
Hidden underneath his cap, a flustered look appeared on his face. Without saying anything, he hurried down the stairs. 
What’s happening? Is he worried that he’ll be late for school? But it’s only a bit past five in the morning. Why is he so anxious? 
Naturally, Vivian was reluctant to let him leave. She wanted to have breakfast with him, take the bus together, and only part ways at the train station. 
Why is he leaving now? 
Vivian chased after him down the stairs. “Wait for me, Kurt! Don’t leave so early. I promise that you won’t be late. If you are, I’ll ask the chauffeur to drive you there.” 
Anxious, she rushed down and hugged his arm. 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
After all, he could not possibly tell her that her parents were about to arrive. 
Starting to panic, he instructed, “Let go of me!” 
“No! Let’s leave together after having breakfast. Kurt, you’re already in college. There’s no need to leave so early. Also, I need to move a lot of things to school.” 
Vivian refused to let go of him.
To make him stay, she even pointed at the huge box that she was about to bring to school. 
It contained all the materials needed to make the gown. 
The veins on Kurt’s forehead throbbed. 
Left with no choice, he was forced to stay. The image of Sasha and Sebastian torturing him after they arrived kept circling in his mind. 
If that was the case, it was a good thing for him to stay for a while longer. 
Kurt kept himself busy in the kitchen silently. 
At half-past-seven, a golden glow appeared at the edges of the sky. The sun rose above the clouds, shining brightly on the garden. From the kitchen, he spotted a white Maybach appearing outside. 
“I’ve already laid out the plates and cutlery. Are you done?” 
There was no response. 
Vivian, who was in the dining room, did not hear his reply from the kitchen. However, she heard a familiar voice outside. 
Mommy? Am I mistaken? 
When she placed her fork down and went to the door suspiciously, she was pleasantly surprised to find her mother entering in a blue dress. 
“Mommy!” 
Elated, she shrieked excitedly and rushed out.
“Is it really you, Mommy? Have you really come to visit me?” 
She pounced over like a little bird. As she had not seen her mother for almost half a year, she jumped into Sasha’s arms like a child. Tears streamed down her cheeks. 
She still could not change her habit of crying easily. 
Equally excited, Sasha dropped her things. 
She hugged Vivian, who was about to be as tall as her, tightly. On the verge of tears, she exclaimed, “I’m sorry, Vivi. It’s all my fault that I’ve only come to visit you now.” 
“No! You’re busy, Mommy. Regardless of whether you visit me, I’ll still love you as always.” 
Just like when she was a child, Vivian expressed how important Sasha was to her without any hesitation. 
###Chapter 1595 Marriage
Chapter 1595 Marriage
Sasha smiled. 
When Sebastian entered with the groceries they had bought, he was greeted by Vivian’s warm welcome. 
“Daddy, Mommy, what a surprise to see you here! I couldn’t be any happier. Daddy, can I skip school today so that I can spend time with both of you?” 
After greeting her parents, Vivian’s demanding character began to manifest itself quickly. 
Behaving like a spoilt child, she was reluctant to go to school. 
All this while, Sebastian wasn’t a fan of rote learning. As long as his daughter had learned what she needed, he had no qualms about how often she attended school. 
It also didn’t help that he could never bring himself to refuse her. 
Hence, he nodded in agreement. 
“Wow! Daddy, you’re amazing! I love you to the moon and back!” Having achieved her goals, Vivian pecked Sebastian on his lips before running back. 
“Kurt, Kurt, come out quickly! My Daddy and Mommy are here. We don’t have to go to school today.” 
The entire villa was filled with Vivian’s joyous laughter. 
After everyone had come in, Kurt brought out two plates of spaghetti from the kitchen.
The moment he saw Sebastian sitting on the couch with his legs crossed, Kurt pursed his lips while his hands that were holding napkins turned pale at once. 
“Hello, Mr. Hayes, Mrs. Hayes.” 
“Hi, Kurt, I see that you’ve made breakfast. The spaghetti looks really good. And here we were, thinking that none of you were up. Hence, we decided to get some groceries to make you breakfast.” 
Sasha didn’t have a seat as she was busy unpacking. 
The moment she saw Kurt emerge, she was extremely surprised. After walking up to the dining table to check, an approving look descended upon her face. 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
Does Mrs. Hayes not blame me? Is she not angry at me for coming to stay here without their permission? 
Observing her carefully, he noticed that Sasha had no intention of admonishing him at all. 
Not only that, she even picked up a fork to give his spaghetti a taste. 
“Hmm, it’s pretty good. You seem to be an amazing cook. Sebby, didn’t you say you were hungry? Do you want to try the spaghetti? It’s really delicious.” 
Sasha looked toward Sebastian. 
The moment Kurt heard her, he grew nervous immediately. 
From underneath his hoodie, Kurt held his breath in silence as he stared at Sebastian.
In contrast to the gentle Sasha, he was more fearful of Sebastian, and to him, Sebastian was his boss and employer. On top of that, the man was also the person who raised him. 
At that moment, Kurt was overwhelmed by his nerves. 
In the end, he was surprised to see Sebastian stand up and walk to the dining table. 
“How’s the taste? Is it good?” 
“Yeah.” 
Sebastian nodded in agreement. 
When Sasha saw his reaction, her beautiful eyes glistened ever more brightly. 
“Kurt, did you hear that? Sebastian says that it’s delicious too. In that case, both of us will be having this. Hence, we’ll have to trouble you to make some more for yourself and Vivi.” 
“Sure.” 
Never before did Kurt agree to something so readily. 
After returning to the kitchen quickly and throwing the napkin into the garbage, his tense lips finally broke into a smile. 
Once everyone had finished breakfast, Vivian went out with Sasha for a walk nearby. 
Meanwhile, Kurt was cleaning up the table. 
Suddenly, Sebastian, who was checking the villa’s security systems, asked, “I heard both of you were attacked on the way back?”
His tone was so casual that it felt like an ordinary chat. 
However, Kurt’s body froze the moment he heard the question. 
“Yes, I’m sorry to have worried you, Mr. Hayes.” 
“I wasn’t worried as I’m confident in your abilities. I only want to find out why that kid from Sun Group attacked you all of a sudden?” 
Sebastian’s tone finally took a cold turn. 
On his way there, he had received a detailed report stating that the company involved was one of the advisors to the Yartran royal family. Moreover, they had given Oceanic Estate a call in the morning to propose a marriage alliance with his daughter. 
Unaware of what happened, Kurt replied honestly, “He probably holds a grudge against me. Half a year ago, I stopped him from taking photos together with Vivi and even smashed his camera.” 
“Just because of that?” 
“Probably so. Just a few days ago at the farm, he invited Vivi on the pretext of setting up a trap to dispose of me,” Kurt mentioned the entire incident. 
Obviously, he hid the part where Dwayne humiliated him. After all, he didn’t want Sebastian to know such things. 
Just as he spoke, Kurt was caught by surprise when Sebastian shifted his gaze toward him. 
“In that case, are you aware that his father gave Vivian’s Great-grandpa a call this morning? They are proposing a marriage alliance with the Jadesons so as to improve economic ties between the two countries.”
“What did you say?” 
Kurt’s expression drastically changed at once. 
###Chapter 1596 Breaking Hearts
Chapter 1596 Breaking Hearts
Dwayne’s family was indeed an advisor to the Yartran royal family. 
Their company, Sun Group, was a retail conglomerate in Yartran. However, few knew that they had subsidiaries that participated in the Yartran oil and gas industry. 
In Yartran, all of the hydrocarbon resources belonged to the state. Hence, it was difficult for the private sector to own any of them. 
Evidently, the participation was a symbol of the Sun Group’s close relationship with the royal family. 
Therefore, when the president of Sun Group heard that his son was infatuated with Vivian, he personally gave Jonathan of Oceanic Estate a call. 
His ive was simple. Given his family’s influence, he could help his son secure the marriage alliance by offering the Jadesons economic incentives in return. 
After all, even though the Jadesons wielded significant political influence in the nation, their economic prowess was mediocre at best. 
Upon hearing the news, Kurt’s face lost all color, while his limbs felt as if they were frozen. 
“Mr. Hayes, Vivian won’t agree to it!” 
“Really? Why? Doesn’t Dwayne treat her well? I even heard that he visited her here half a year ago. Also, didn’t he take good care of Vivian when she was in her third year of high school? Hence, what’s wrong with it?” Sebastian plainly commented as he observed Kurt.
The moment Sebastian finished, the paleness on Kurt’s face intensified. In fact, he gripped the fork in his hand so tightly that veins began to bulge. 
However, he didn’t reply and lowered his gaze swiftly. 
Without a moment’s delay, he carried the dishes he cleared back into the kitchen. 
Sebastian furrowed his brows in response. 
In truth, he didn’t like those who were cowards, especially when it came to boys. 
Putting down the knife in his hand, he glanced at his watch and planned to join Sasha and Vivian on their walk. 
Just when he was putting on his shoes at the door, Kurt rushed out of the kitchen. 
“Mr. Hayes, in that case, are you going to agree to it?” 
“Hmm?” 
With his body bent down, Sebastian turned his head to look up. 
“What do you think?” Staring at Kurt’s face, which was already flushed red, Sebastian didn’t reveal his intentions. Instead, he thoughtfully threw the question back at Kurt. 
Kurt was speechless. 
After standing in silence for a long while, he finally replied amidst the confusion in his head, “I have a feeling you wouldn’t.” 
Sebastian questioned in an indifferent tone, “Why?”
Kurt gathered his courage. “Because… you’re a brilliant businessman. The Jadesons do not possess a strong economic presence due to you being in a coma for three years. By the time you have recovered, you’ll definitely be able to make a fortune for them.” 
“Continue.” 
“Also, you’re not the kind that wants to rely on a marriage alliance for profit. Given how much you love your children, your hope is for them to find happiness instead of using them for your own selfish gain.” 
Having found the greatest amount of courage in his entire life, Kurt spoke his mind. 
However, after he finished, he looked at the ground and waited for the punishment that he thought he would receive. 
Finally, the frown on Sebastian’s face gradually eased. After he put his shoes on, he looked up and commented, “Your observations are spot on. On top of that, I won’t let her marry someone incompetent.” 
Kurt raised his head instantly. 
Just when he was elated by what he heard, his eyes flashed with concern. 
Incompetent? If he’s incompetent, what am I now? 
Kurt suddenly felt his heart sink. 
“Kurt, what are your plans for the future?” 
“Huh?” He stared blankly at Sebastian. 
“Well… Am I not part of SteelFort?”
“Do you really think so? Back then, you were already ten when Karl brought you back. Has your memory been blurred to the extent of not remembering how you were brought here?” 
Sebastian’s tone finally turned cold. Just like a sudden change of weather, it could send a chill down anyone’s spine. 
The next moment, Kurt pursed his lips in silence. 
My memories of the past? 
He obviously remembered it. By the time he was rescued by Karl, he had already been beaten to his last breath. 
Nevertheless, he was reluctant to relive any of that. Every time he thought about it, he would be filled with rage and hatred. In fact, he was worried that he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from seeking revenge. 
“Mr. Hayes, th-that’s just my fate.” 
“Fate?” 
When Sebastian heard Kurt’s answer, he couldn’t help but feel disappointed. 
What is fate? Our fate is something that’s always in our hands! 
Sebastian gave Kurt an earnest look. “There’s no such thing as fate. Do you think you were abandoned because your mother was a nobody? And that your high and mighty father beat you to a pulp because of it?” 
Kurt remained silent.
“Actually, that’s not the case. If you think back to your illustrious family, what happened to the sons that your father favored? He has fathered more than ten children, and you’re the sixteenth. Do you really think those who stayed are stronger than you?” 
Sebastian challenged Kurt with another demanding question. 
###Chapter 1597 Origins
Chapter 1597 Origins
This time, his tone was significantly sharper than before. It sounded as if he was lecturing his own son. 
In truth, life isn’t determined by fate. If it were, I would have died in the mental hospital when I was a teenager back then. Also, if Dad had resigned himself to his fate, he wouldn’t have met Mom, and I wouldn’t even have been born. Even though struggling against one’s supposed fate is a difficult and dangerous process, one will realize how glorious it is when one looks back at it in the future. Isn’t that the case? 
Clenching his fists tightly in front of Sebastian, Kurt finally raised his gaze to reveal his reddened eyes. 
“Actually, I-I haven’t given up. I want to study and make something of myself. By achieving success, I want to prove to them how wrong their decision back then was!” he declared in a choking tone. 
Even though it had been five years since he was brought back, this was the first time Kurt revealed his true emotions to Sebastian. 
Naturally, Sebastian was very satisfied with the response. 
Reaching out his hand, he removed the hood that Kurt always liked to hide himself in, revealing a headful of soft black hair and a dashing face. 
“Right. That should be the way. Therefore, for the next four years, you should work hard in school. I will support you in whatever you choose to study. Once you have graduated, I’ll send you back to your tribe if that’s what you want.”
“Mr. Hayes…” Kurt exclaimed at Sebastian’s last sentence. Finally, tears rolled down his cheeks when he couldn’t hold back his emotions any longer. 
Sebastian rubbed his head gently before going out to see Sasha and Vivian. 
Ten minutes later, Karl received a message. 
Sebastian: With regards to Kurt, give him a free hand to choose whichever course he wants in school. Also, pay on his behalf if necessary. 
Karl: Didn’t he already choose to major in architecture? Does he want to choose something else? 
Sebastian: If he intends to return to Elysium, it would definitely not be enough. So, get the school to allow him to pick up a few more electives. Also, make sure it doesn’t affect his training. 
Karl: Will do. 
After pondering briefly, something occurred to Karl that caused him to fire off another message. 
Karl: Mr. Hayes, did you tell him about the matter related to both his brothers? 
Sebastian: Why would I do that? There’s enough hatred inside him already. Also, with regards to his mom, didn’t you say that she’s still being held captive in Elysium? 
Karl: Yes, I did sneak in to see her once. Unfortunately, I don’t think she’ll survive. Elysium has always shown no mercy to women who tried to escape. Back then, Channing and Calvin’s mother had worm eggs forced into her stomach. In the end, she died from having the worms consume her organs. 
When Sebastian saw the message, he almost smashed his phone in rage. 
They’re the most disgusting tribe in the world! How can such people still exist in this modern age?
Up till the present, Elysium still lived together as a communal tribe. Living close to the border, they were a largely agrarian society. Due to their long history and rich culture, they were one of the few tribes within the country that were allowed to maintain a hereditary political structure. During the peak of their influence, cities on both sides of the border had to treat them with deference. 
However, it wasn’t until Karl had rescued Kurt five years ago that Sebastian learned the truth about the people in Elysium. 
At that time, his intention was to get SteelFort to investigate the family origins of the Woods brothers. 
After all, he felt guilty over their deaths. 
Channing was killed by Yancy when he tried to exact revenge for Frederick. 
As for Calvin, Sebastian could never forget the anguish he felt when the former died in his arms. 
Consequently, he wanted to locate their family and make amends for their deaths. 
After searching for many years, SteelFort finally found Elysium. It wasn’t until Karl had met the brothers’ mother that he finally discovered the terrible secret. 
When Frederick picked up Channing and his brother, both of them weren’t orphans at all. 
Just like Kurt, they were the children of Elysium’s leader. Later on, for some strange reason, the high priest of the tribe accused the brothers of being jinxes and wanted to execute them. 
When their mother heard about it, she was terrified. Hence, she had one of her attendants smuggle the children away. 
Later on, Frederick found the brothers on the run and took them in. As for their mother, she was killed by Elysium’s leader for what she had done.
Unfortunately, Kurt’s backstory was the same as the Woods brothers. 
When Karl had reached the tribe, he found Kurt beaten to his last breath. Coincidentally, Kurt’s mother was Channing’s younger sister. 
Due to the hereditary political system in Elysium, their leader was naturally polygamous. 
###Chapter 1598 Why Do Women Need To Be Smart
Chapter 1598 Why Do Women Need To Be Smart
Consequently, all the beautiful ladies in the tribe had to be screened by its leader before they got married. If they caught his eye, they would be brought into his harem. Consequently, that was the tragic story of the sisters. 
Back then, Karl was outraged. 
If his subordinates hadn’t held him back, he would have slaughtered the tribe out of disgust. 
After that, Karl brought Kurt back to Oceanic Estate even though the latter was the son of the tribe’s leader. 
Sebastian was leisurely strolling across the small town underneath the rays of the sun. 
After walking for a while, he saw Sasha and Vivian at the nearby riverbank. Both of them were gleefully smiling as they took pictures of the beautiful autumn foliage. 
The endearing sight caused him to break into a smile. 
Given how much he loved his daughter, he naturally wanted her to live a good life with someone powerful enough to protect her. After all, he was worried about what would happen to her when he was no longer around. 
Holding that thought, Sebastian gradually walked up to them. 
In the evening, the Sun Group was informed of Sebastian’s arrival in Yartran. 
Upon receiving the call, its president personally drove over, bearing expensive gifts.
Just as expected, he brought his son, Dwayne, along. 
Meanwhile, when Vivian heard about the news, she was extremely upset. 
“Daddy, why did you invite them over to discuss business? This is our home, not an office. Can’t you change the venue of your meeting?” 
She had assumed that Sebastian was going to have a business meeting with Dwayne’s father. 
Right beside them, Kurt stood by in silence. 
When Sasha heard their conversation, she, too, looked at Sebastian. 
“Sebby, I didn’t realize that you wanted to talk business here. In that case, let’s not stay here since Vivian doesn’t like it. Instead, why don’t we look for a hotel?” 
The corners of Sebastian’s eyes twitched in response. 
Nevertheless, he looked at his clueless yet adorable wife and his equally cute daughter before agreeing to their suggestion. 
“All right then. Let’s go.” 
“Yeah!” 
Getting up to her feet, Sasha clung to Sebastian’s hand naturally. 
At the same time, Vivian gave Sasha a big kiss in to express her gratitude. After that, she watched both of them leave before slamming the door shut. 
“That was such a close one! What was Daddy thinking? How can he invite them to the house?” 
Even though Kurt didn’t comment, a knowing smile spread across his lips.
A few minutes later, he walked into the kitchen. 
Vivian, who was holding an ice cream in her hand, followed him in. 
“Kurt, what are you doing?” 
“Cooking.” 
After taking out the ingredients from the fridge without looking at her, he snatched the ice cream in her hand away before replacing it with a bar of chocolate from his pocket. 
Vivian was speechless. 
What’s he doing? I want to have ice cream, not chocolate! 
“Kurt…” 
“The weather is getting chilly, so it’s bad to be consuming cold food.” With his ears blushing slightly, he began to unwrap the ingredients. 
Vivian was caught off guard by his words. 
In response, her cheeks flushed red as she didn’t dare fool around any further. 
In spite of that, a warm fuzzy feeling brewed within her, filling her with bliss. 
Forty minutes later, Kurt was done cooking. After he served the food, Vivian skipped over cheerfully to join him. 
He informed her, “Vivi, from next week onward, I won’t be coming over on weekdays anymore.” 
“Huh?”
Dropping the fork in her hand, Vivian’s eyes widened in surprise. 
“Why? Didn’t you promise that you would? Why did you change your mind?” She became so anxious that she lost her appetite. Instead, all she wanted was to get an answer out of him. 
Kurt quickly picked up her fork and put it back in her hands. 
“I only want to take a few more courses in school, that’s all. Hence, I expect to be a lot busier.” 
“I see.” Vivian heaved a sigh of relief. 
“In that case, what else are you looking to study on top of architecture?” 
“Finance, engineering, computing, and biology.” 
The moment he mentioned biology, Kurt’s eyes were filled with intense hatred. It was as if he particularly hated that subject. 
Nevertheless, he had no choice but to spend a massive effort to learn them all. 
Vivian gaped in response. 
That many? My God! Even Ian didn’t take on that many subjects. Isn’t he worried about exhausting himself? 
Even though Vivian sympathized with him, she didn’t try to dissuade him when she saw the conviction in his eyes. Instead, she just sat there and gave it some serious thought. 
Suddenly, her smile returned. 
“In that case, I’ll go and see you.”
“What?” 
“Not only do I have less homework, but my classes also end early. Anyway, there’s no need for you to worry. Daddy has assigned me a driver. Thus, I don’t have to take public transport anymore. Furthermore, I can get him to send me to your place every day.” 
At that moment, Kurt choked on his food. 
Why don’t you take the train instead? I’m afraid the driver might not be able to handle driving for such long periods. 
###Chapter 1599 Here To Ask For The Hand Of Your Daughter
Chapter 1599 Here To Ask For The Hand Of Your Daughter
By the time Sebastian arrived at the hotel with Sasha, the president of Sun Group was already waiting there. 
He had also brought his son along. 
Prior to the meeting, he had heard of Sebastian’s brave exploits of how he pacified the country in a time of chaos and helped the nation’s economy to recover. 
Nonetheless, such stories of valor slowly died down ever since Sebastian was almost killed in a plot four years ago. Subsequently, he remained in a coma for three whole years. 
As a result, the president of Sun Group didn’t hold Sebastian in high regard. 
After waiting for half an hour, he finally saw Sebastian and Sasha enter the hotel’s opulently decorated lobby. He was caught by surprise when he realized Sebastian, who was dressed in a black coat, looked younger than expected. 
Sebastian’s maturity had softened his chiseled features over the years. Nonetheless, it didn’t affect the elegant and distinguished aura he always exuded. With the stunning-looking Sasha holding onto his arm submissively, the couple caught everyone’s attention the moment they stepped into the lobby. 
“My God! Who are they? Are they someone important?” 
“I’m not sure.” 
Even though everyone was singing the praises of their looks and charm, none of them dared to approach.
After all, the surrounding crowd could easily feel the dignified air Sebastian and Sasha were emanating at their age. 
Even the president of Sun Group noticed it. 
Suddenly, he couldn’t help but get to his feet upon their approach, even though he had planned not to do so. 
“Hello, are you Mr. and Mrs. Jadeson?” 
“You can call me Mr. Hayes.” 
With an indifferent expression, Sebastian helped Sasha over as both of them took their seats in the private room. 
Mr. Hayes? 
Upon hearing Sebastian’s answer, the president looked at his empty hand awkwardly. 
At the same time, Dwayne stood the side, feeling tense. 
After all, he had never seen them before. When he visited Oceanic Estate to see Vivian, Sebastian was still in a coma, whereas Sasha was taking care of him. 
Thus, this was the first time he was meeting both of them in person. 
Despite his superiority complex, he was subconsciously unsettled by the domineering pressure they exuded. 
In fact, he didn’t even dare look at them in the eye. 
Picking up the glass of water in front of him, Sebastian ignored everything that was going on.
After taking her seat, Sasha smiled warmly at the president’s wife, thinking that Sebastian was there to discuss business. 
The president’s wife, Marsha, greeted, “H-Hello… Nice to meet you.” 
Sasha replied with a smile, “Hello, it’s a pleasure to finally meet you too. I’m grateful that your son helped Vivi the last time.” 
She brought up the incident half a year ago when Dwayne went to see Vivian at Oceanic Estate. 
Obviously, Sasha was oblivious to what actually happened. Or else, considering her temper, she would have lashed out at them instead of responding so warmly. 
However, the two foreigners began to leverage her friendliness for their agenda. 
“Don’t mention it, Mrs. Hayes. That’s expected of him since he likes your daughter a lot.” 
“Huh?” Sasha was stunned. 
Holding a glass of water, she choked at what she heard. 
Cough! Cough! 
“Slow down.” 
Sebastian patted her on her back helplessly. 
After Sasha regained her composure, the shock in her eyes couldn’t be more obvious. 
“Is she joking? Does she even know how old Vivi is?” 
“Yeah. She’s probably high.” Sebastian agreed with his wife’s sentiment.
Nevertheless, he didn’t bring up the fact that Sasha was also about eighteen to nineteen when she married him and gave birth to the three children. 
Meanwhile, the couple from Sun Group looked at them curiously. Due to the language barrier, they couldn’t grasp what Sasha and Sebastian were saying. 
“Mrs. Hayes?” 
“Ah, I’m sorry, Mrs. Williams. Vivian has always been a sociable person and always talks about her good friends in school. Therefore, I’m glad your son is one of them.” 
“No!” 
Unexpectedly, Marsha denied it at once. 
“Mrs. Hayes, you have misunderstood. That’s not what I’m saying. I’m not talking about a platonic relationship but a romantic one. Do you understand?” 
She was so anxious that she got straight to the point. 
Sasha was dumbstruck. 
The next moment, it was Sebastian’s turn to speak. However, he didn’t mince his words at all. 
“What’s there to understand? My daughter is only seventeen and isn’t even of legal age. What romance is there to talk about?” 
“Huh?” 
The Williams family were taken aback. 
As for Dwayne, his face lost all color when he heard the displeasure in Sebastian’s voice.
###Chapter 1600 Consequences For Harming Vivian
Chapter 1600 Consequences For Harming Vivian
“Mr. Hayes, i-it doesn’t matter that she isn’t of legal age yet. We only w-want the matter to be settled. The wedding can wait till they’ve grown up.” 
Finally, the president of Sun Group voiced his position. 
Even though he didn’t manage to speak fluently, his suggestion that the two families agree on the matter right away was even more ludicrous. 
What’s there to agree? Does he think so highly of himself that he can force us into it? 
The smirk on Sebastian’s face deepened. “Why should we do so? Do you think that our daughter doesn’t have any suitors?” 
“Huh? But—” 
“Don’t worry. After my daughter’s sixteenth birthday, there will be a queue for her hand, including those from royal families. However, I couldn’t care less. After all, I’m in no hurry for her to get married,” Sebastian added as he maintained his poise. 
When the Williams family heard it, their faces turned so red that it looked as if they had been slapped. 
Royalty? Who are we compared to them? We’re nothing but a joke! 
The Williams family no longer dared to bring the matter up again. 
As for Dwayne, he simply sat there with an ashen face.
However, that wasn’t the end of it, as Sebastian began to turn on the pressure. “Furthermore, I heard that your son had tried to harm my daughter a few nights ago. Isn’t that right?” 
“Wh-what?” 
The couple was stunned. 
As for Dwayne, his face suddenly turned white as sheet. 
“M-Mr. Hayes, what’s the meaning of this? Why would my son hurt your daughter?” 
“Why don’t you ask him instead? Let me warn you, if he continues to act with impunity, I don’t mind teaching him a lesson, just like Sir Goldin’s daughter!” 
Sebastian stared coldly at the three of them. When he uttered the last sentence, he said it with such ruthlessness that it sent a chill down their spines. 
Consequently, the couple’s faces lost all color. 
As for their son, he was so overwhelmed by fear that his body began to tremble uncontrollably. 
He actually knows! 
When Sasha suddenly realized what had happened, her face drastically changed. In a fit of rage, she slammed her glass down onto the table. 
“What’s the meaning of this? You claimed to like Vivi, and yet, you hurt her when she rebuffed you?” 
“No, no… Mrs. Hayes, please listen to me. There must be some misunderstanding. Let me ask my son about it first. Perhaps, later—”
“What misunderstanding? My husband’s words couldn’t have been any clearer. I’ll have you know that although both of us are not by Vivian’s side, we have men watching her round the clock. Hence, it’s impossible for there to be a mistake!” 
After saying that, Sasha slammed the plates in front of her on the table. 
It was so loud that those outside the private room could hear it. 
After all, she could tolerate anything in the world except her children being harmed. 
Finally, the negotiations for the marriage alliance ended with Dwayne’s parents offering to transfer him out of the Royal Academy. Only by doing so did they manage to appease Sasha. 
Throughout the entire process, Sebastian looked on in silence as Sasha vented her rage. 
At the end of the episode, the greedy couple’s plan had evidently backfired. When they were preparing to leave with their son, Sebastian shot them a languid gaze. 
“Remember, stop stirring up trouble. Or else, you will end up just like the Goldin family!” 
The Williams family shivered gain in response. 
Without another word, they turned tail and fled. 
As for the Goldin family, nothing seemed to have changed on the outside. 
However, anyone who was close to them knew that they were already bankrupt and no longer held any power. Within the Yartran royal family, they had become the equivalent of figureheads. 
Considering that such a fate could even befall royalty, Sebastian evidently had the power to crush a company like the Sun Group.
Only then did Dwayne’s parents realize what they have gotten way over their heads. 
Meanwhile, Kurt had quickly left in the evening. 
Given that Vivian’s parents were in town, he didn’t dare stay too long. Despite how open-minded Sebastian was, Kurt knew that he shouldn’t push the boundaries. 
After that, Kurt stayed in school for three consecutive days. 
On the fourth day, which was a Thursday, he was in the library doing research. Suddenly, one of his classmates informed him that there was a girl downstairs looking for him. 
Girl? 
Kurt looked up from his books. 
When he came downstairs a few minutes later, he was greeted by the sight of a girl in a furry khaki hat. She was still dressed in her school uniform, which comprised of a jacket top and a short plaid skirt. 
###Chapter 1601 Vivian Is Here
Chapter 1601 Vivian Is Here
“Kurt, look at what I’ve brought you?” Vivian asked when she saw him. 
Right after school, she had gotten the driver to rush her over. With a strawberry cake in hand, she waved excitedly at him. 
The smile on her face was simply stunning. 
In the evenings, Atlantius University was a beautiful place to be, with the sunset as its backdrop. 
As for Vivian’s smile, it seemed to blossom along with the glowing yellow hue of the hour. 
Standing by the staircase, Kurt felt as if her smile was the only thing he could see as everything else faded into the background. 
“It’s really cold today. Why didn’t you change before you came?” 
Kurt walked over. 
Before he said another word, a smile broke out on his face. 
Vivian stared at him blankly. “I was worried that I would be late and you would’ve eaten. Today, I feel like having this with you. Hence, I bought it from school and got the driver to send me over,” Vivian chirped joyously. 
Kurt lowered his gaze at her. 
When he saw how she was protecting the cake despite the fact that her hands were red from the cold, he felt a warm sensation in his heart.
Subsequently, he took off his jacket and draped it over her shoulders. 
“Kurt, how are your classes coming along? Can you cope with taking on so many new subjects?” 
“I’m doing fine,” Kurt replied jovially. 
Sitting on a bench in front of the school lawn, both of them shared the cake as they chatted. 
Vivian’s concerns were eased when she heard his reply. 
In truth, she didn’t agree with him taking on so many subjects for her own selfish reasons. The reason was that he would consequently end up with less time to spend with her. 
Nonetheless, she still chose to support him, as his future depended on it. 
“Kurt, let me tell you, Dwayne has suddenly transferred out of my school.” 
“Hmm?” 
Kurt raised his head and looked at her in surprise. 
From her expression, he deduced that she had come to see him just to tell him the news. Filled with conviction, she added, “It’s true. If you don’t believe me, you can come over to my school and see for yourself.” 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
Dwayne left the school? What’s going on? Could it be… Did Mr. Hayes find out about what had happened? 
Suddenly, he thought back to the day when Sebastian and Sasha had a meeting with Dwayne’s parents. At that moment, he felt extremely relieved. It was as if a huge weight had been lifted off his shoulders.
“Alright. Quickly finish up and go home.” 
Nevertheless, that was all he managed to say, considering his cold character and the fact that he wasn’t good with words. 
Vivian pouted in response. 
Why is he reacting so coolly? In fact, he doesn’t even seem happy at all. 
In spite of that, she didn’t voice the questions in her mind. Instead, she happily finished the cake together with him before being escorted to the school entrance and sent home. 
“Kurt, was that your girlfriend? You’re really amazing! You managed to get into this school at fifteen, and now, you even have such a pretty girlfriend.” 
“That’s right! You must have found the shortcut to achieving success in life!” 
The moment he returned, his classmates from architecture began to tease him. 
That week, it really felt similar to when he first went to Clearwater High School. During that time, everyone knew of him due to his exceptionally young age. And now, the entire Atlantius University was aware of a new foreign student in architecture who was only fifteen years old. 
After sweeping his gaze at those who were teasing him but were actually jealous, he ignored them and returned to his dorm. 
“Hey, why is he being so smug? Does he think he’s better than everyone else?” 
“Exactly. He’s nothing but a kid. Who knows if he really got in here because of his talent?”
“Wait, now that you mention it, I remember that someone came to see him two days ago. In fact, that person arrived in a limited edition Maybach.” 
Suddenly, someone brought the matter up. 
Maybach? That’s a luxurious car that costs millions. Furthermore, it’s a limited edition version. 
Everyone’s eyes began to be filled with wild jealousy. 
Nonetheless, Kurt wasn’t bothered about it. Since he was used to being alone, he felt that social relationships weren’t necessary at all. 
Consequently, no matter how coldly others treated him or ostracized him, it didn’t affect him in any way. 
However, when he returned to his dorm late at night after revising his lessons, he found that the door was locked from the inside. 
Knock! Knock! 
He started out knocking on the door cordially, but there wasn’t any response. 
Given that they were first-year undergraduates, there was no way their dorm would be empty. In spite of that, no one acknowledged his knocks, let alone opened the door for him. 
Finally, when his frustration began to swell, he yelled, “Open the door!” 
###Chapter 1602 Kurt Has To Die
Chapter 1602 Kurt Has To Die
No one responded still. It was as if everyone inside was dead. 
Are they doing this on purpose? 
Kurt narrowed his eyes, and it was as if they were two sharp blades that had been drawn in rage. 
Bam! 
A loud noise rang out as he kicked the door open. 
Consequently, he scared the lights out of everyone inside. Just a moment ago, they were holding their breath and waiting with anticipation for the drama to unfold. 
“Kurt, wh-why did you kick open the door?” 
“That’s right! Kurt, do you know that you’re destroying public property and that you need to pay for it?” 
“Also, it’s already late at night!” 
Not only did everyone not show any remorse, but they also accused Kurt of destroying the door. 
As Kurt’s gaze darkened, a frosty aura began to envelop him. 
“Is it that late?” 
No one dared to answer him. 
The next moment, Kurt slammed a kick into one of his dormmate’s chairs.
With a thunderous crack, the chair shattered into pieces right in front of everyone’s eyes. 
“Listen up, the next time this happens, it will be your brains that will be busted instead of the door!” Kurt declared in a hostile tone before heading to his bunk. 
Everyone inside the dorm froze. 
At that instant, everyone could feel a terrifying aura fill the room while lying on their beds. Consequently, no one dared to make another sound. 
All they could do was wonder who Kurt truly was. 
The next morning, when Kurt got out of bed, there was no one left in the dorm. 
Not bothered by it, he took a quick shower before heading to class with his books. 
“Good morning, Kurt.” 
“Good morning, Professor!” 
When Kurt ran into his teachers in the morning, he greeted them respectfully. 
The professor smiled. When he saw Kurt all ready for class early in the morning despite his young age, he couldn’t help but ask, “Kurt, are you very interested in architecture?” 
“Yeah.” 
Kurt nodded in agreement, as it was indeed his passion. 
If he hadn’t carried so much emotional baggage with him, his goal was to become a successful architect. At least, that was what his plan was before Sebastian found him.
Meanwhile, the professor was also an architectural geek. When he saw how much Kurt loved the subject, he was filled with delight. In less than two weeks from the start of the semester, he had already invited Kurt over to see his works. 
“Do you know the Sixth Museum? I designed it. Do you want to visit it today?” 
Kurt could see how the professor’s eyes glistened with anticipation. 
Half an hour later, he left school with the professor. 
The Sixth Museum was the most popular development in the city recently. It was a huge project that the Yartran government had invested in. Rumor had it that it was going to be the nation’s largest museum. 
As a result, special focus had been placed on its design. 
Meanwhile, Kurt was in a good mood throughout the entire journey. 
Along the way, his phone vibrated inside his pocket. 
Vivian: Kurt, what are you doing? 
Kurt: Well, nothing much. My professor is taking me to see a project that he had designed. 
Vivian: Wow, really? That’s wonderful. You have to make the best out of the opportunity. I heard that professor of yours is really good. Even my school was designed by him. 
The moment Vivian heard the news, she felt elated on his behalf. 
At the same time, she provided him encouragement. 
Lowering his gaze, Kurt subconsciously broke out into a smile. 
Kurt: What are you doing? Are you in class?
Vivian: No, I’m at Lady Adalyn’s place. Have you forgotten that she had a banquet to attend today? I’m here to deliver her gown. 
Inside the car, Kurt furrowed his brows in response. 
After all, he had indeed forgotten about the matter. 
Are such banquets attended by a lot of people? Must she attend it with Lady Adalyn? 
He began to worry. 
Nonetheless, the car they were driving in had arrived at the construction site for the Sixth Museum. 
“Kurt, we’re here. Let’s go.” 
“Sure.” 
Kurt had no choice but to nod. 
Just as he alighted with his backpack, he sent out a message on his phone while his professor wasn’t looking. 
Kurt: Make sure you pay extra attention to Ms. Vivian today as she is heading over to Lady Adalyn’s. Let me know if Vivian is attending the banquet together with her. 
SteelFort: Roger that! 
With that, Kurt entered the site together with the professor. 
Just as expected, the project was an amazing architectural feat. Even though it was only half-completed, Kurt could see how comprehensive and stunning the design and construction were.
As for Kurt’s professor, he was visibly proud of it. Throughout their visit, he would continuously explain the design concepts employed as he guided Kurt through the site. 
“Kurt, you have to remember, you must have a strong foundation if you want to do well in architecture. This includes ensuring structural stability and measuring load-bearing capabilities. All these are extremely important as people’s lives are at stake. Do you understand?” the professor solemnly reminded Kurt as he pointed to the center of the project’s structure. 
Considering Kurt’s enthusiasm for the subject, he took out the notebook he had brought with him and jotted down everything he had learned. 
Ironically, during the first lesson that the professor gave Kurt, the construction plank the former was stepping on began to tilt. 
“Professor, be careful!” 
The moment Kurt realized it, he rushed forward without thinking to grab the professor’s arm. 
However, the instant he did so, he had inadvertently added his weight onto the plank, causing it to collapse. 
Crack! 
Right after he pulled the professor to the other side, Kurt could hear the sound of his hoodie being ripped apart by the exposed steel bars. 
The very next second, blood began to gush out. 
###Chapter 1603 Surge Of Undercurrents
Chapter 1603 Surge Of Undercurrents
After Kurt and the professor were brought to safety by some rescuers, the person in charge of the project came over. 
The professor, who was still in shock, immediately started to scold him loudly, “What are you doing? Is this the best you can do? The building will collapse after it is completed!” 
This old teacher who had created countless brilliant architectural wonders for the construction industry in his life nearly blacked out with anger. 
The person in charge turned ashen-faced in fear. 
Nevertheless, he defended himself. “No, Professor. I’m proceeding in strict accordance with your standards. It’s impossible for this to happen. Professor, please let me check to see what’s wrong.” 
With that, he set out to inspect the fault. 
Kurt stood by and watched. 
He was still bleeding from the wound he sustained, but at this moment, he was too preoccupied to pay attention to it. 
His eyes were focused on the level higher up where they had just stepped on, and according to his observation, he was very sure that the fault had nothing to do with the construction unit. 
It was more like a cement block that was deliberately put there in advance. 
Was it placed there in advance?
He narrowed his eyes, and a wave of coldness crept over him. 
“You’re the professor’s student, aren’t you? You’re injured. Hurry up, come along with us to get bandaged.” 
The workers at the site suddenly realized that he was injured, and so they urged him to get bandaged. 
However, Kurt did not seem to hear them. 
He took out his smartphone and noticed that it was ten o’clock. There was also an unread message. His face, which usually appeared indifferent, suddenly turned pale. 
“Kurt, are you alright? Come on. I’ll take you to the hospital.” The professor wanted to take him to the hospital for treatment. 
Kurt shook his head. 
“There’s no need for that, sir. It’s only a scratch, so I’m fine. I have an errand to run. I’ve got to go.” 
“Oh?” The professor was rather alarmed. 
At that, the young man left immediately with his canvas bag slung over his shoulder. 
After a few minutes, a taxi drove by on the road outside the construction site. He hailed it, got in, and quickly disappeared into the city. 
Meanwhile, at the Royal Academy, Vivian and Sonia had hit the road with Adalyn. 
“Vivian, I didn’t expect to be attending this party. If I had known earlier, I would have worn something more appropriate.” 
Sonia was really overjoyed.
It was a rare occasion for girls like them to attend this type of party. Without a doubt, this was a great opportunity for career development. 
Vivian was pleased too. 
Hearing her friend’s regret, she comforted, “It’s alright. We are designers and not really guests at the party, so no one will notice what we are wearing.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Of course, Sonia. When we attend such functions, the most important thing is for us to observe their clothing and accessories. We must take notes so that we’ll know what they are into. Then, we can come up with better designs in the future.” 
Sonia was not that smart when it came to designing. Only after Vivian explained it to her did Sonia finally understand what it was really about. 
Before long, the two girls arrived at the party with Adalyn. 
It was indeed a grand event. 
When they arrived, they discovered that the venue was a towering castle topped by a tall tower. The wall was covered with sprawling white roses, and the entrance was a circular arch that was open now and revealing brilliant lights within, lighting up a majestic hall like a palace. It was an amazing sight. 
“Vivian, th-this is the Exerine Palace!” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian was not local, and the name surprised her.
Exerine Palace? 
“Yes, this is the Exerine Palace, so, girls, be sure to seize this opportunity today. The people who come here to attend the banquet are all rich and famous.” Adalyn turned to them, smiled tenderly, and exhorted them. 
She was indeed a fine woman. 
She was very fair to all her students, hoping that they could learn more. As her exclusive designer, Vivian was smart and beautiful. She was from a wealthy family background but was neither spoiled nor arrogant. 
Hence, Adalyn naturally put her first. 
When they heard this, Vivian and Sonia all but jumped with joy. 
Immediately, they followed Adalyn inside, behaving properly and moving along carefully, lest they cause any trouble for her. 
When they were inside the castle, even before entering the hall and still in the garden that was lit up with many lanterns, they met many well-dressed royals. 
They were chatting cheerfully, holding and raising glasses of wine in their hands. 
The ladies were having intimate conversations in twos and threes, yet, by looking at how they had dressed and the jewelry they were wearing, it could be seen that they were competing against one another. 
Sonia exclaimed, “My goodness, Vivian! Is the blue jewel that woman is wearing a real diamond?” 
Vivian nodded. “Yes, it’s the Star Of The Ocean.”
###Chapter 1604 Taunting
Chapter 1604 Taunting
Sonia was speechless. 
As she turned around, she saw a glamorous girl not much older than her. On her blonde head, there was an eye-catching tiara. 
She gaped. 
“Vivian, t-that can’t be…” 
“Yes, it is Princess Calint’s crown from the 19th century. Well, that’s enough of that. Let’s go in with Lady Adalyn. She still has to change.” 
Vivian was not impressed by these priceless jewelry. 
Coming from a wealthy family, such luxurious things had always been commonplace in her life. What she wanted to do most was to create designs that were unique and unusual. 
When she went into the VIP lounge with Adalyn, she was surprised to see the usually calm and collected lady seemingly flustered. 
“Lady Adalyn, are you all right?” 
“Vivian, on your way in here, did you notice that every woman was dressed well?” Adalyn said with a disturbed expression. 
Vivian was dumbfounded. 
Sonia was speechless.
Finally, they realized that Adalyn was upset by these. 
The two girls stood there, stunned, not knowing what to do. The dresses and jewelry they brought along today were better than their usual designs, but they compared poorly with those worn by the women they had just seen outside. 
“Lady Adalyn, I would like to know what special occasion this is? Why are they dressed so glamorously?” Vivian thought for a while before asking. 
Adalyn sat down and sighed. “It’s the birthday of the old Duke of Walken. I thought it was just an ordinary birthday party, but unexpectedly, they have made it so grand and even come to the Exerine Palace to hold it.” 
Vivian did not comment on that. 
She knew who the old Duke of Walken was. In the country of Yartran, this was the most elderly of all the Dukes. He was highly respected and had contributed greatly to the rulers of the Kingdom. 
Because of that, the royal family held him in high regard. 
Since this birthday was celebrated on such a grand scale, it could only mean that some representative from the royal family was expected to attend. 
Vivian arrived at this conclusion. 
“Lady Adalyn, if that is so, I think that you should not try to outdo them. There is a marquis and a duke attending this function. If you are dressed too well, you will bring them to shame.” 
“Is that so?” 
Adalyn, who was feeling quite worried, looked at the seventeen-year-old in surprise.
She is behaving differently. 
Is this the girl who always acts innocently in school? Why is she suddenly showing such intelligence and sharpness of mind? How did she make such an acute analysis? 
Adalyn was amazed. 
She did not know that this young girl was actually very smart. The reason that Vivian did not show off her intelligence was that she had always been surrounded by very protective people who did everything for her, so she did not need to prove herself. 
Vivian dressed Adalyn up according to her original design. 
However, in order to keep the latter from being too dull in the dazzling brilliance of the other guests, Vivian took off a pink crystal bracelet that her daddy and mommy brought her a few days ago and took them apart. 
Then, she made a lifelike cherry blossom with the fishing line that she brought and tied it to the left side of Avalyn’s neck. 
“Oh, heavens! You’re so pretty!” Sonia exclaimed in surprise. 
When Adalyn looked into the mirror, her eyes sparkled. 
This final touch indeed brought out the best in her appearance. 
The three of them finally finished changing, and Adalyn led them out of the VIP lounge. By now, most of the guests had arrived at the castle. 
“Lady Adalyn, you have arrived.” 
“Yes. How do you do, Lord?”
The guests exchanged pleasantries. 
In the magnificent hall, these impeccably dressed guests greeted each other warmly as they arrived. 
Seeing the situation, the girls went with Adalyn to the hall and hurried off to the buffet table to feast on the pastry. They were famished. 
As they were eating, the hall suddenly became quiet. 
What’s going on? 
Stunned by the silence, the two girls looked at the crowd in the hall. Only then did they realize the reason for the hush was Adalyn, whom they had just sent into the hall. 
“My apologies for arriving late, My Lord Duke.” 
When Adalyn appeared, she had brought out her gift, ready to present it to the old Duke, and so did the others. 
The moment she appeared, she realized that all eyes were on her, including the old Duke. All the other ladies, too, were looking at her. 
Adalyn was speechless. 
Feeling rather uneasy, she held her dress with one hand and froze there. 
Indeed, her gown today was rather plain. 
Made of ordinary satin fabric and decorated between the neckline and cuffs with some pearls, there was nothing else. Her status was not low among the royalties there.
Finally, the old Duke could no longer hold his silence and asked, “Emily, has something happened to your family?” 
When he asked the question, the other guests who had been quiet all this while started to snicker. Although they were not excessive, to anyone who heard the soft laughter, there could only be one meaning. 
That was meant to be sarcastic. 
###Chapter 1605 Daddy Is Going To Scold Me
Chapter 1605 Daddy Is Going To Scold Me
Adalyn turned pale and then blushed. 
“No, My Lord Duke, my family is fine. Today, I am only…” 
“Lady Emily, have your finances fallen into trouble after buying Sir Goldin’s shares in the school? So, why did you do it?” 
“Indeed, you cannot afford even one piece of jewelry, and you are wearing only a crystal flower on your neck. Lady Adalyn, it’s the Duke’s birthday today. Even the king will grace this function. Is your dressing appropriate?” 
Adalyn was at a loss for words. 
Everyone present started to criticize and insult Adalyn without restraint. 
When Sir Goldin’s shares were bought off by a foreigner, they were displeased. On top of that, Adalyn had shown so much favor to that girl. 
Finally, Adalyn’s countenance fell. 
The king will make an appearance? 
If that is so, then my attire today is embarrassing. 
Adalyn turned pale and got ready to leave immediately. 
At that very moment, a girl dressed in a school uniform made her way through the crowd. She witnessed so many people ganging up on Adalyn.
The girl’s face was cold and stern! 
“What is wrong with her attire? The stars today are the old Duke and the old Duchess. Our Lady Adalyn is plainly dressed so that they can shine. Isn’t that a good idea?” 
With that, the girl took the gift box from Adalyn and opened it. 
Instantly, a dazzling light came from inside the box, and everyone was shocked to see a long sword studded with gems was the gift. 
“Heavens! I-Isn’t that the sword that the old Duke lost in battle long ago?” 
“That’s right. The old Duke has been pining for it all these years. Where did she find it?” 
“It’s a mystery…” 
When the last phrase was uttered, it was apparent that the gift had outshone every other gift brought by the guests in the whole hall. 
Indeed, this was the truest well-wishing for a birthday. 
The other guests had outshone the host and taken away his glory. 
On the other hand, Adalyn had brought a gift that the old Duke desired, and she had obscured her own brilliance so that he could shine. This was a friend indeed. 
Everyone in the hall blushed in shame. 
Yet, that was not all. In the next moment, when Adalyn stepped forth to present her gift, the old Duchess discovered the cherry blossom on Adalyn’s neck. 
“I-Is this Lucifer’s Tears?”
“What?” 
Adalyn was puzzled. 
Even Vivian, who was standing next to her, did not know what was going on. 
However, the old duchess was even more excited. “Yes, it’s the Lucifer’s Tears! Oh my! Who did this? It is wrong to cut up a good pink diamond that is famous all over the world.” 
Adalyn was speechless. 
The guests gasped. 
For one second, not a sound was heard but only the suspenseful breathing of the crowd. 
At that moment, Vivian only wanted to find a way out through the crowd and admit it to her Daddy, or else he might give her a scolding. 
It was too late, though. 
“Vivian, what is this?” 
“Oh! Lady Adalyn, I-I didn’t know, really. This is a bracelet my daddy bought for me. Seeing that you have no jewelry, I just rearranged it to let you wear it on your neck.” 
Again, Adalyn was speechless. 
Thud! 
Most of the guests there felt their legs going weak after hearing that. 
This is unimaginable!
Many of the rich aristocrats and nobles had spent their entire lives in vain to obtain this rare pink diamond, but her father cut it up and made it into a bracelet for her. Now, she had strung it into a cherry blossom for another woman. 
The crowd was overwhelmed. 
Finally, Adalyn quickly took off the so-called cherry blossom and carefully returned to the wild little girl. 
“Vivian, you have no idea how invaluable these stones are. How could you be so careless? Quickly, keep it carefully.” 
“A-All right…” 
Vivian kept the stones with care. 
When she lifted her eyes to look at the guests in the hall again, she found that they met her eyes one by one, smiling stiffly. Only moments ago, they were showing off their gems and diamonds. 
Now, they had taken them off and were trying to hide them. 
Sigh! 
She sighed as she did not do it on purpose. 
Vivian scratched her head apologetically. 
“You must be the Princess of the Jadeson family! Come on, let’s go and meet the king. He has arrived.” 
“Huh?” 
After having kept the crystal flower carefully, she was at a loss when the old Duke and Duchess came and asked her to come along to meet the king.
“Come on, Vivian. I will accompany you. If you can become the royal designer of the royal family, you will be able to meet with more excellent designers. They are all very famous, and they only design for the royal family,” Adalyn encouraged. 
Naturally, she was growing fonder of the little girl, but she did not tell her that the young prince of the royal family had also arrived. 
###Chapter 1606 Shocking Discovery
Chapter 1606 Shocking Discovery
Vivian agreed to it in the end. 
She had always been striving to come up with better designs, so she did not want to miss out on such a great opportunity. 
When she was brought before the king, she was surprised to see the handsome blond young man standing beside him. 
Other than his hair color, his facial features were the same as the man in her memories. 
How is this possible? 
Vivian was overwhelmed with shock. 
“Vivian?” Not wanting her to come off as rude in front of the royal family, Adalyn called out to her when she noticed her spacing out. 
That snapped Vivian out of her train of thoughts, and she quickly regained her composure. 
“Are you all right? This young man here is Prince Jason. Be sure to mind your manners.” 
“Got it, Lady Adalyn,” Vivian said as she lowered her gaze and quickly curtsied to the prince and the king. 
Unbeknownst to them, the king had already heard about her from the old duke, so he did not mind her earlier discourtesy. Besides, Vivian’s graceful movements and beautiful appearance reflected her great upbringing, even though she was dressed in very plain clothes.
Flashing her a smile, he asked, “So, this is the daughter of the Jadesons?” 
“Yes, Your Majesty,” the old duke quickly replied and nodded. 
The king stepped forward and eyed Vivian from head to toe as he said, “Young lady, did you know that your father, Mr. Jadeson, is an acquaintance of mine?” 
“Huh? My daddy?” Vivian was astonished. 
“That’s right. When your father was in charge of your country’s economy, he wanted to collaborate with us in certain financial industries. He came to me with his business proposal, and we had a pleasant partnership.” 
The king seemed to be in a good mood when he brought that up. 
The crowd was astounded by Vivian’s identity. The fact that this girl’s father was able to discuss business with His Majesty means he must be of a fairly high status! Moreover, His Majesty even said that her father was in charge of the country’s economy! 
With that in mind, they finally came to believe that Vivian was an actual princess. 
Even Vivian was a little surprised to hear that her father had once collaborated with the king. 
“Um… Please forgive me if I have offended you in any way, Mr. King!” 
“Hahahaha!” 
The king burst out laughing in amusement. 
This young lady sure is adorable! She even called me “Mr. King”!
He then turned toward his son, who was standing behind him, and said, “Jason, why don’t you show her around the place? Your task for tonight is to take good care of her.” 
Vivian felt her heart skip a beat when she heard his words. 
Coincidentally, she was hoping to ask the prince some questions in order to get things straight. 
Soon, the old duke and his wife led the other royal family members to the main hall, leaving Vivian alone with Jason. 
A moment later, she watched blankly as the prince approached. Those rosy lips and gemstone-like eyes… My goodness, he really does look the same as Brother Cal! 
“Come on,” he said in a neutral tone as he stood before her. 
His indifferent expression brought up her old memories of Calvin, and she found herself spacing out even more. 
Brother Cal’s personality, too, was always a little cold. I had to pester him a long time before he would carry me and sing me songs… 
Her eyes reddened slightly at the thought of that. 
“W-What’s wrong? We don’t have to go on this tour if you don’t feel like it.” 
Flustered, Jason quickly pulled out a white handkerchief from his coat pocket and handed it to her. 
Vivian’s mind was all over the place at that point. 
I must be seeing things! How is this possible? Brother Cal has been dead for so many years! How could he possibly be standing before me now?
By the time she snapped out of her trance, she had been led to another hall where plenty of young aristocrats was mingling in. 
A commotion broke out among the crowd when they saw the prince with an Astorian woman. 
“Who is she, Prince Jason?” 
“Yeah, we’ve never seen her before! Is she a new friend of yours?” 
“No, she isn’t.” Jason denied it immediately. 
Due to his royal lineage and status, most of the men were dying to lick his boots, while women wished to go to bed with him. 
As such, they were relieved to hear that he did not even see Vivian as a friend. 
Vivian, on the other hand, did not mind it at all. 
All she wanted to know was why he looked so similar to Calvin. 
Ignoring the looks of contempt from those around her, she followed closely behind Jason as she asked, “May I ask you a question, Prince Jason?” 
###Chapter 1607 Get Things Straight
Chapter 1607 Get Things Straight
“What is it?” 
Vivian was unsure if he was only being gentle toward her because of his father’s instructions, but she decided to voice her question anyway. “Well, you look really handsome, so… I just wanted to ask if your appearance is natural…” 
She kept her bright eyes fastened on him despite the undivided attention they were receiving from everyone else. 
After a brief pause, the prince, seemingly older than her, wore a half-smile and replied, “Yes, it is. However, I have to say that I’m surprised, Ms. Hayes. Is it common for girls these days to express their liking for guys in such a bold fashion?” 
Vivian went scarlet instantly. 
What the… Since when did I say I like him? I only asked because he looks way too similar to Brother Cal! 
“N-No! That’s not what I meant! I just… I just think you look really similar to a friend of mine, that’s all!” she stammered nervously. 
“Is that so?” 
“Yeah, you look exactly like him. The only difference is that he’s Astorian, and you’re Epean,” Vivian replied honestly. 
She kept her eyes glued to his face the entire time as if she wanted to burn his image into her mind.
No matter how hard I try, I can never seem to get over Brother Cal… He truly is the one that got away… 
Although Jason was a little annoyed by her incessant staring, he kept his cool and patiently denied ever being acquainted with her. 
“I assure you that my appearance is one-hundred-percent natural. If you don’t believe me, I can show you pictures from my childhood. I have a photo album back at my place.” 
The prince did not truly mean it, but Vivian readily took him up on his offer. 
“Really?” she exclaimed, her eyes lighting up with joy. 
The two of them left Exerine Palace half an hour later, and Jason personally drove her to the royal residence. 
Little did Vivian know that a cab pulled up outside the palace the moment she got into the car. 
A young man wearing a hoodie then stepped out of the cab and soon made his way into the palace. 
The reason Vivian was determined to see Jason’s photo album was because she wanted to know why he looked exactly like Calvin. 
Calvin was Sebastian’s most trusted assistant, and he died a tragic death from saving her father’s life. Afterward, Sebastian and Sasha both endured a lot of hardship in order to protect Vivian and the country as a whole. 
Therefore, Vivian was no longer the ignorant and na?ve little girl she used to be. 
Although she was still kind and pure-hearted, she could tell right from wrong and had become a wiser person overall. 
That was especially the case after Ian got betrayed by his best friend half a year ago.
They soon arrived at the royal residence. 
“Wait here; I’ll go get the photo album,” Jason said as he led her to the living room before heading upstairs. 
The residence was mostly empty as the royal family was attending the old duke’s birthday banquet at the palace, so Vivian began exploring the living room around her. 
“Huh? Who is this?” she mumbled to herself when she saw a picture of a young soldier in a photo frame. 
The man was dressed in military uniform and held a saber in his hand. However, his facial features were well-defined and heavily resembled that of the king’s. 
Could this man also be the king’s son? Vivian thought to herself as she picked up the photo frame for a closer look. 
“That’s my older brother. That photo was taken when he joined the military,” Jason explained when he came downstairs and saw what she was doing. 
“Ah, I’m sorry! I just thought it was you in the photo, so I wanted to get a better look at it!” Vivian quickly put the photo frame back where she found it. 
“It’s all right. Here, I brought you the photo album. By the way, how old is your friend? Do you have a picture of him that I can see? I’m really curious as to what he looks like! I’m surprised to hear that I have a doppelganger,” he said while handing her the photo album. 
Vivian lowered her head in response. 
She did not have a picture of Calvin as she was only six when he died. 
The only memento she had of him was an eagle-shaped cufflink that she wore as a pendant on her neck.
As she flipped through the photo album, surprise inundated her. 
Oh, my gosh! Prince Jason really has had the same facial features since he was a child! These photos taken on each of his birthdays are proof that he’s telling the truth. He looks even similar to Brother Cal at the age of eighteen that it’s like they’re clones or something! How is this possible? Could it be that he is actually Brother Cal? 
Vivian felt her heart racing at the thought of that, but she was quick to dismiss that possibility as Jason was only twenty years old. 
If Brother Cal were still alive, he would have been in his thirties by now! It can’t be him then. 
The whole event tied her up in knots. As she rapidly flipped through the photo album, she suddenly spotted a photo of a black-haired Astorian woman. 
###Chapter 1608 He Came To Her Rescue
Chapter 1608 He Came To Her Rescue
“Who is this?” 
“That’s my mother. She’s home right now. Would you like to meet her?” Jason asked her amiably. 
Huh? Isn’t the king’s wife an Epean woman? I remember seeing her on television, so why is he calling this Astorian woman his mother? Vivian thought, bewildered. 
Her train of thoughts was interrupted by the click-clack of high heels behind them. The second she heard those sounds, she looked over her shoulder and saw a gorgeous Astorian woman walking toward them gracefully. 
“Mother!” Jason ran up to greet her as soon as he saw her. 
In the meantime, Vivian stared blankly at her while frozen in place. She felt a chill run down her spine when she saw the woman had dark green pupils, which was an extremely rare trait. 
The image of a terrifying creature instantly surfaced in her mind. 
Those eyes… They look like that of a snake! 
“Did you bring a friend home, Jason?” the woman asked. 
Her voice sounded so mellow and charming that it gave Vivian goosebumps all over. 
Jason held the woman’s hand to his mouth and gave it a kiss as he replied with a nod, “Yes. She’s the daughter of the Jadesons. Father told me to bring her over for a tour.”
“The daughter of the Jadesons?” The Astorian woman shifted her gaze toward Vivian and scrutinized her from head to toe as she continued, “Are you referring to Mr. Jadeson? The man who approached your father for a business collaboration back then?” 
For some reason, her gaze reminded Vivian of a slithering snake, making the latter’s hair stand on end. 
“Yes.” 
“I see.” 
The woman finally broke into a smile before walking over to Vivian. 
Reaching out her perfectly manicured hands to hold Vivian’s, she sat her down on the couch next to them. 
“This is a rare occasion indeed! Don’t worry. We have a long-standing acquaintance with your father, so feel free to make yourself at home!” she said with a smile, but it only made Vivian tense up even further. 
How on earth am I supposed to make myself at home? I’m already feeling uncomfortable from your snake-like cold hands! The last thing I want to do is spend another second in this place! 
With that in mind, Vivian forced a smile on her face as she replied, “I am terribly sorry to intrude on you so suddenly like this, ma’am.” 
“Oh, don’t you worry about that! By the way, how did you get to know Jason? Did you attend the party at Exerine Palace earlier?” 
“Yes, I design dresses for Lady Adalyn. She invited me over to the party and introduced me to His Majesty as well as Prince Jason,” Vivian replied honestly, all while careful to make no mention of her true reason for coming over.
Although she did not really know what was going on, she could not shake the feeling that something was off. A voice inside her head kept urging her to get out of there as quickly as possible. 
“Um, anyway, I think I should probably head back now, ma’am. I don’t want to keep Lady Adalyn waiting,” she then said. 
“Come, now… There’s no need to leave in such a hurry. You’re a student at Royal Academy, right? You can just give Lady Adalyn a call and tell her not to wait for you. Jason can send you back later.” 
Not only did the woman refuse to let her leave, but her gaze also fell upon the photo album that Vivian was flipping through earlier, much to the latter’s terror. 
“Why did you bring this downstairs, Jason?” she asked. 
Standing before his mother, Jason recounted everything that had happened. “She said I looked like a friend of hers, so I brought her over to show her my photo album.” 
An eerie silence ensued as the woman did not speak another word. Instead, she let her gaze fall upon Vivian’s face again. 
Despite the smile hovering on her lips, her green eyes were like that of a predator that had found its prey, and Vivian could not help but cast her eyes downward. 
This woman is so terrifying! 
“Who does he look like?” Jason’s mother asked. 
“I… Please don’t get the wrong idea, ma’am. You see, I-I actually made that up as an excuse to hang out with Prince Jason because he’s so handsome…” 
Vivian came up with that excuse on the fly after racking her brain.
However, the woman was not convinced by it in the slightest. She then reached out all of a sudden and yanked Vivian’s pendant off her neck. 
“You—” 
“Hey! Have you got a death wish, Daphne?” 
Just as Vivian paled in the face of the woman’s vicious countenance, a slender figure showed up at the residence’s front door. 
He was emanating such a terrifying murderous aura that the woman shuddered and dropped the pendant. 
“Kurt!” Vivian shouted as she threw herself into his arms like a scared little girl and hugged him as tightly as she could. 
###Chapter 1609 Unknown Secret
Chapter 1609 Unknown Secret
After a few minutes of complete silence, Jason and Daphne watched as Kurt retracted his sharp gaze and hugged Vivian. 
“Don’t be scared,” he consoled in a tone much gentler than before. 
That sudden transition formed such a huge contrast that he looked like a completely different person from earlier. 
At that sight, Daphne, the Astorian woman, trembled again before she mustered the courage and asked in a shaky voice, “H-How do you know my name? A-Are you from Elysium too?” 
“It doesn’t matter who I am. You should be more worried about your own safety, Daphne. If you want to live, I suggest you destroy that face!” Kurt snarled as he fastened his eyes on her again, striking a greater fear into her heart. 
“No… This face belongs to him!” the woman protested when she noticed him sweeping his sharp gaze toward her son. 
“Is it really his, though? You’re the former high priest of Elysium, yet you betrayed the tribe and stole the face of the king’s son! Did you really think you could escape his clutches simply by hiding here?” Kurt questioned, narrowing his eyes. 
He did not move much as he was holding Vivian in his arms, but Daphne could see a gloomy look in his eyes when he said that. That ice-cold darkness resembled a terrifying abyss that destroyed everything it sucked in.
Daphne fell into despair and slumped to the floor. 
Not only does he know about my identity as the former high priest of Elysium, but he also knows I betrayed the tribe and escaped! Who on earth is this guy? How does he know so much about my past? I’ve been living a peaceful life here for twenty years, so how does a teenager like him know such details about me? 
“W-Who are you?” she asked in a trembling voice after a long moment of silence. 
That time around, Kurt did not answer her question. With a swift flick of his wrist, a gleaming blade flew out of his hand. 
In the next second, a sharp pain tore through Jason’s face. He instinctively held a hand against his cheek, only to see blood flowing out of the cracks between his fingers. 
“Jason!” 
Vivian leaned against Kurt’s chest when they got into the car, her mind still in a daze as it tried to process the bizarre incident she had witnessed that night. 
Although she had seen far worse when Ian got betrayed and when her parents defended the country, she was a bystander during those situations and had people protecting her. 
However, she was directly involved in the incident that night and could have died at the hands of Daphne if Kurt did not show up in time. 
The ordeal was so terrifying that the mere thought of it caused her to shiver uncontrollably. 
“Are you cold?” 
Kurt pulled her closer into his embrace when he felt her shivering.
She must be scared out of her wits… Well, it’s understandable. After all, she has been cared for like a princess her entire life, so it’s only natural for her to be traumatized after experiencing something so dangerous. The fact that she’s able to maintain her composure until my arrival is an impressive enough feat as is. Honestly, she’s not the only one who’s afraid. God knows how scared I was when I found out what happened back then… 
It was the first time he cast aside his inhibitions and held her so tightly in his arms. 
Probably because the warmth of his body and the sound of his heart beating strongly in his chest calmed her nerves, Vivian eventually felt at ease enough to speak again. 
“Kurt, do you really know that woman? I… I only followed Prince Jason to his place because he looks just like Calvin…” 
Her dulcet voice cracked as she started sobbing again at the mention of Calvin. 
Calvin? She knows my brother? How come I’ve never heard about it? Could it be that… 
Fighting back the countless thoughts racing through his mind, Kurt asked, “Who’s Calvin?” 
“Calvin Woods. I call him Brother Cal, though. Daddy put him in charge of my safety when I was young, and he was really nice to me. He’d tuck me in and take me out for walks… Everything was going great until some bad guys caused his demise…” 
Vivian buried her face in Kurt’s chest and began wailing as she recalled the moment of Calvin’s death, which haunted her like a nightmarish curse. 
Kurt, on the other hand, was completely frozen in shock after hearing what she said about Calvin. 
So, my brother really was working for the Hayeses too?
###Chapter 1610 Public Enemy
Chapter 1610 Public Enemy
When the king of the tribe sentenced Kurt’s aunt to death back then, his grandparents hired someone to investigate what had happened in their state of panic. It was then that they found out that she had sent her two kids away overnight. Because of that, the high priest accused the two kids of bringing bad luck to the tribe. 
Although Kurt’s grandparents really wanted to save her, there was nothing much they could do within the strictly hierarchical tribe. As such, they decided to try and rescue her children instead. They figured it would at least provide his aunt with some form of consolation while she awaited her execution. 
However, they could not seem to find them no matter where they looked. 
The tribe tortured his aunt for years while searching for her kids, but they were unable to locate them. Eventually, the wicked king had the worst idea possible—to have his mother bear the punishment of her sister’s crime. He forced himself on her, and that was how Kurt came to be. 
As if that was not bad enough, the high priest accused him of bringing bad luck to the tribe when he turned ten. He suffered the same fate as his cousins. Had Karl not arrived in time, he would have died there. 
In the dark, Kurt wore a scornful smile on his face and said, “That’s not true. He only has that face because that woman used some kind of drug,” 
“Drug?” 
Upon hearing that, Vivian was so shocked that she stopped crying instantly and stared wide-eyed at him.
What? I didn’t know it was possible to alter a person’s appearance through the use of drugs! 
The young man nodded. “She consumed a specially concocted formula when she was pregnant. According to modern-day science, it’s a type of drug that alters genes.” 
“Seriously? Something this powerful actually exists?” she exclaimed in surprise. 
A person’s appearance depends entirely on their parents’ genes, but Kurt said that woman was able to make Prince Jason look exactly like Brother Cal by altering his genes with drugs… This is unbelievable… Even with how advanced technology is these days, I don’t think a drug like this has been invented yet! 
“Yeah, so you need to be more careful next time. Don’t go off on your own,” Kurt exhorted, frowning. 
Naturally, he would not tell her that the woman from earlier was actually a former high priest in Elysium and that the drug she used was no legitimate stuff either. Due to Elysium’s mysterious and isolated nature, there were many nasty things in the tribe that the world did not know of. 
The two of them returned to the villa that night. 
After sending her to her bedroom, Kurt was about to leave when she pleaded, “Kurt, could you leave the door open? I’m still a little scared… A-At least wait till I’m asleep before closing it?” 
Vivian was so embarrassed that her face was burning bright red when she said that, and she could not even bring herself to look at him. 
Of course, Kurt was not about to say no to her request, especially when she was asking him so earnestly. 
His ears, too, turned scarlet as he lowered his head to look at her. Watching her averting her eyes from him, he almost told her to go to sleep and that he would watch over her in the room, but his shyness
caused him to swallow those words. 
In the end, he stood by the door until Vivian fell asleep. 
It was not until he heard the sounds of her steady breathing that he quietly entered the room. 
Moonlight pouring in through the window illuminated the room as he sat down in a chair and watched her while she slept peacefully. 
The sun was high up in the sky by the time Vivian woke up the next day, but Kurt was nowhere in sight. 
Where’s Kurt? 
As she glanced about the room and noticed the chair that had been returned to its original position, she jumped off the bed with a start. 
“Kurt? Kurt?” 
“Ah, you’re awake?” 
Kurt’s voice, which had yet to deepen fully, sounded particularly pleasant to the ears. 
Feeling relieved, Vivian bolted downstairs in her pajamas and ran toward the young man who was busy making breakfast in the dining room. 
“I thought you left.” 
“Nope. From now on, I’ll drop you off at school before I head over to the university,” Kurt replied as he turned toward her. 
However, the sight of her milky white skin and curvaceous figure beneath her thin pajamas caused him to retract his gaze immediately.
A slight blush formed on his face as he lowered his head, but Vivian did not notice it as she was overjoyed after hearing him offer to send her to school every day. 
“Really? That’s great! Here, these are the keys to my car!” she exclaimed excitedly while handing him the car keys, only to pout in disappointment when she remembered that he could not drive. “Oh, wait… You can’t drive since you’re not eighteen yet… Then, I’ll have my driver pick us up instead!” 
Kurt did not say anything in response, but he had a smile on his lips the entire time. 
The duo headed out half an hour later, and Vivian stood by the gate until the car disappeared from her sight before skipping into the campus. 
“Vivi, you’re here.” 
“Hey, Sonia!” Vivian chirped, her mood brightening further when she saw her best friend. 
Yet, Sonia’s expression turned solemn after she greeted Vivian. 
###Chapter 1611 No Escape For Vivian
Chapter 1611 No Escape For Vivian
“Vivi, everyone in school knows about you leaving with Prince Jason last night.” 
“What?” 
The smile on Vivian’s face vanished instantly. 
Fearing her best friend would misunderstand, she anxiously tried to explain herself. “Please don’t get the wrong idea, Sonia. There’s nothing going on between Prince Jason and me. He just invited me over to his place because he wanted to show me something, that’s all!” 
“It’s not me who has gotten the wrong idea, Vivi. Everyone in school just tends to jump to conclusions, especially after what happened with Dwayne. When I passed by the female dorm earlier, everyone was talking about you,” Sonia replied. 
“What did they say?” 
“Um, you know… Some really nasty things… Like how you set your sights on Prince Jason after Dwayne left. Trust me; you’re better off not hearing it.” 
Of course, what the students said was actually a lot worse than that, but Sonia could not bring herself to tell Vivian about it. 
The girls who liked Dwayne were upset and furious when he dropped out of school for no reason back then, so rumors about Vivian and Jason only added fuel to the fire. 
Everyone in school called Vivian a snob, saying that she got rid of Dwayne because he was not good enough for her and that she eagerly made her move on Jason after laying her eyes on him at the
banquet. 
Upon hearing Sonia’s words, Vivian was rendered speechless. What the hell is wrong with these people? 
Paying no heed to the rumors, she walked into the building with her best friend. 
However, the students picked on her wherever she went. Not only did she lose her seat in the classroom, but she even had paper balls thrown at her while walking through the school. 
Enraged, Vivian went straight to her teacher for help. 
“These students keep bullying me, miss. Please help me take care of this.” 
“I think you’re the main cause of the problem here, Vivian. So far, you’re the only one who has managed to cause such a public outrage in the school. Maybe you should reflect upon your actions instead.” 
To her surprise, the teacher took the side of the bullies. 
Vivian seethed with rage and almost rolled her eyes at her teacher. 
What kind of logic is this? I didn’t do anything wrong, so why should I reflect upon my actions? 
It was the first time Vivian had felt so disappointed in the way the school handled things. With tears in her eyes, she ran out of the teachers’ room, but instead of returning to the classroom, she headed straight for the school gate. 
“Hey! Where are you going, Vivi? We’re still in the middle of a class right now!” Sonia shouted anxiously while running after her. 
“Do you want me to attend class so that they can continue throwing stuff at me? I haven’t done anything wrong, Sonia! How could that teacher tell me to reflect upon myself? How could she?”
Vivian was devastated after being subjected to such unfair treatment. 
Sonia kept quiet as she knew fairness was practically nonexistent in a capitalist school like Royal Academy, where everyone cared more about their personal interests. 
With pretty much everyone in the school against her, there was no way the teacher would take her side. 
In the end, Sonia decided to skip class with her best friend, planning to bring her out for a walk and have some comfort food and only return when Vivian was feeling much better. 
After a round of shopping and snacking at a nearby mall, Vivian, who was originally a carefree person, perked up significantly, much to Sonia’s relief. 
“Let’s head back to school, Vivi. Your parents would be worried if the school calls them up about this,” she urged. 
“Okay,” Vivian agreed at last. 
Right as they were about to return to school, a red sports car pulled up beside them with a loud screech. 
A blond guy wearing a pair of sunglasses could be seen looking in their direction from the driver’s seat. 
“D-Dwayne?” 
Sonia’s eyes popped with surprise. 
Vivian, too, was just as shocked to see him. 
After glancing at them, Dwayne turned toward the long-haired girl sitting beside him and said, “We’re here. You go on ahead. I’ll be with you in a minute.” 
“All right.”
The beautiful and sexily-dressed girl then got off the car and walked off while the two young women stared blankly at her. 
Only when Dwayne got out of the car and approached them did they snap out of their daze. 
“Shouldn’t you girls be in class right now? What are you doing here?” 
“W-Well, you see… Vivi was in a bad mood, so… I took her out for a walk to help her feel better…” Sonia hastened to explain, albeit stammering from nervousness. 
In a bad mood? 
Although Dwayne still had his sunglasses on, the two of them could see the mocking look in his eyes as he said sarcastically, “Really? The great Ms. Vivian is in a bad mood? Didn’t you go to the royal residence last night? What, is Prince Jason not to your liking either? Did he do something to upset you?” 
“What did you say?” Vivian’s expression changed instantly. “Dwayne, there is nothing going on between Prince Jason and me.” 
“Is that so? Everyone, including those from the royal family, knows that Prince Jason brought an Astorian girl home last night. They say his family is preparing to have you study in their public school!” 
Dwayne revealed another piece of shocking news. 
What? The royal family’s public school? Is he referring to Regalius Academy? Oh, my gosh! 
The color drained from her face, and she immediately denied it. 
“W-Where did you hear that from? I’m not going to school there!”
There was no way Vivian would show herself before Jason and Daphne again, especially after barely escaping from such a dangerous situation last night. 
They were like monsters! I don’t believe him! 
To her horror, Dwayne simply chuckled and said, “Where did I hear it from? I’m a student there, Ms. Vivian. Haven’t you heard? I went there after dropping out of Royal Academy. I bet your daddy never saw this coming, huh? In the end, we’re still going to the same school!” 
Vivian felt like she had fallen into a bottomless pit of despair after hearing that. 
All she could think of at that moment was to call her father for help. 
###Chapter 1612 The Princess Goes To Her Daddy
Chapter 1612 The Princess Goes To Her Daddy
Vivian then rushed home as quickly as possible and immediately gave Sebastian a call. 
“I don’t want to go to Regalius Academy, Daddy! Please tell them not to transfer me there!” 
The young woman began crying out loud the moment the call got through. 
Even at the age of seventeen, she still behaved like a child in front of her parents. That was mainly due to her being pampered since she was a child. 
Sebastian was having a video conference with the business department staff at the time, so everyone was able to hear her wailing over the phone. While he knitted his brows, the others exchanged glances. 
Is that his little princess? Why is she crying on the phone like this? Did she get bullied or something? 
No one dared to say a word. 
“What is it? Tell me what happened,” Sebastian asked. 
When the meeting started, he was emanating an overbearing aura that terrified others to the core. However, his tone became ridiculously gentle and affectionate when he was talking to his daughter, giving everyone goosebumps. 
That was probably the best representation of differential treatment. 
“L-Lady Adalyn was attending a party… She brought a classmate of mine and me along… W-We met the king, a-and… Today, I heard from someone that the king wants me to study at Regalius Academy! I don’t want to go there, Daddy! I want to stay here… N-No, if possible, you could transfer me to another school
too! In fact, it’d be nice if I could study in Atlantius. Kurt is in that city too, so it’ll be easier for us to look out for each other.” 
Vivian was so upset that she ended up rambling incoherently, much to Sebastian’s dismay. 
A few minutes later, he hung up the phone and ended the video conference as well. 
He then summoned Karl into the study. “Vivian has run into some trouble. Roppell is preparing to transfer her over to Regalius Academy.” 
“What?” Karl was shocked. 
What’s with this rapid escalation of events? Didn’t Ms. Vivian just meet Roppell’s son last night? Why are they transferring her to Regalius Academy the next day? Isn’t this all a little too soon? 
“Mr. Hayes, could it be that Roppell has realized we’re onto him? Maybe that’s why he’s deliberately doing this to Ms. Vivian.” 
Frowning, Sebastian sighed. “No, I don’t think so. Vivian’s encounter with Jason last night was by accident. She hasn’t gotten over Calvin after all these years, so it’s normal for her to get a little curious when she finds someone who looks so much like him.” 
Karl could understand Vivian’s behavior as he was just as dumbstruck when he saw Jason and could not take his eyes off him the whole time. 
“I’ve been keeping an eye on them for over three years now, and I don’t think there’s anything wrong with Roppell. On the other hand, Jason’s mother, who rarely shows herself in public, seems awfully suspicious.” 
“Is that so?”
“Yes. You see, Calvin was only twenty-one years old when he died. He had been living in SteelFort until he was twenty, so there was no way he could’ve had an illegitimate son. After that, he…” 
Karl’s eyes reddened halfway through his sentence, and he could not bring himself to finish the rest of it. 
Sebastian shot him an impassive glance and soon changed the topic. “Jason isn’t related to Calvin. Are you trying to say that there’s something wrong with his face and his mother?” 
“That’s right.” Karl nodded. 
After regaining his composure, he continued, “Calvin’s father is the king of the Elysium tribe. I’ve looked up all of his children, but none of them look like Calvin at all. In fact, his brother Channing doesn’t look like him either. Oh, and let’s not forget his half-brother, Kurt. Their mothers are sisters, but they look very different.” 
While it was indeed impossible for the two to be related, Karl had not been able to find any information on Daphne and Jason despite having investigated them for three years. 
He even made a trip to Elysium at some point, but he did not find anything useful there either. 
To his surprise, Sebastian did not seem bothered by the issue he mentioned at all. 
“For now, let’s not worry about how he got his face. Our main priority is to find out the reason behind this face’s reappearance. Calvin is dead, so why is his face showing up now?” 
“What do you mean, Mr. Hayes?” 
Sebastian lit a cigarette and held it up to his nose. Instead of puffing on it, he simply took a whiff of the smoke before replying with a sneer, “I heard that the old man in Elysium is on his deathbed, and his sons are fighting over his position as the king of the tribe. No one in Elysium has heard of Calvin and
Channing ever since they escaped, and now, someone with Calvin’s face appears out of nowhere? What do you think this means?” 
###Chapter 1613 To Wear A Crown
Chapter 1613 To Wear A Crown
That gave Karl an epiphany, and he finally understood what Sebastian was implying. 
“You mean Jason is planning on returning to Elysium to fight for the king’s position?” he asked. 
With his eyes still fixated on the cigarette, Sebastian’s lips curled in disdain as he replied, “Perhaps. It’s also possible that he’s simply being used as a pawn by someone else.” 
Karl froze. 
A pawn? What does he mean by that? 
“You mean…” 
“Calvin had never left SteelFort when Charles went looking for him, so no one had ever seen his face. After that incident in which Calvin was captured, that b*stard was the only one who had seen him, but he’s dead now. Who else do you think would still remember his face?” 
Karl stared at Sebastian, his mind in turmoil. 
He’s right! Why didn’t I think of that? Being SteelFort’s best assassin, Calvin rarely showed himself before his enemies! Even if he did, he would be sure to keep his face hidden. The first time he showed his face was when he parted ways with Mr. Hayes at the nightclub in Jadeborough. They were dealing with the Jadesons at the time. But shortly afterward, he was captured by that b*stard Hubert, and no one else seemed to have come into contact with him until Sabrina rescued him later on. Hubert worked for Alfred at the time. And Alfred works for Eddie! 
His eyes were bloodshot after he came to that realization.
It was already evening by the time Vivian received a video call from Sebastian. 
“Vivian, I have a question for you. Will you answer it for me?” 
“Sure thing, Daddy!” Vivian replied while sitting in front of her laptop. 
Feeling relieved, Sebastian wasted no time asking his seventeen-year-old daughter, “Vivian, do you still remember Calvin?” 
“Huh? H-How did you know about that, Daddy?” she stuttered, panicking a little as she did not tell Sebastian about her meeting someone who looked the same as Calvin. 
While guilt ate away at her conscience, she stared at her father anxiously. 
To her surprise, however, Sebastian did not get mad at her in the slightest. Instead, he maintained that gentle look in his eyes as he said, “I’ve always known that, Vivian. I know you can’t bring yourself to forget him. Now that the bad guys who caused his demise back then have reappeared, I want to ask you if you’re willing to avenge Calvin by bringing them to justice.” 
Vivian, who had spent the entire day waiting for Sebastian’s update, did not expect him to say such a thing at all. 
Had Kurt been around to hear that, he, too, would find it rather unbelievable. In his opinion, most fathers would want to keep their daughters as far away from danger as possible, yet Sebastian did the exact opposite. 
Sasha had tears in her eyes as she watched from the side. 
The next thing they saw was Vivian, who used to be a scaredy-cat, leaped to her feet upon hearing that she could avenge Calvin by bringing the bad guys to justice.
“Really? I’ll do it, Daddy! I want to avenge Brother Cal! I want to get those bad guys arrested! I’m willing to help!” 
Sebastian had been hesitant about asking her that question as he did not know how she would respond. Thus, seeing her agree to it readily set his heart at ease. 
Unlike most parents who would want an easy life for their children, he preferred for them to become capable individuals. 
Ian was probably the best example of what he wanted out of his children. 
Noticing that Ian was devastated by his best friend’s betrayal, Sebastian helped him get back on his feet by giving him missions. 
He did not want to overindulge his children because that would make them weak. Just like how a good sword would require a lot of tempering, a person would have to go through many hardships to grow stronger. 
To wear a crown, one must bear its weight. 
Like her brother, Vivian accepted the mission that Sebastian had tasked her with. 
Sasha waited until the two of them had ended the video call before asking worriedly, “If that mother and son duo truly are suspicious, wouldn’t it be dangerous for Vivian to go to school there?” 
“Don’t worry about that. I’ll arrange for Karl to protect her during her time there,” Sebastian reassured. 
“All right, then…” she replied, feeling at ease that Vivian would be under Karl’s protection. 
However, she soon thought of Kurt.
“What about Kurt, then? He’ll go looking for Vivian if he knows she has transferred all of a sudden, won’t he? Do you think he’d interfere with the plan if he finds out about it?” 
###Chapter 1614 Confession
Chapter 1614 Confession
“No, he won’t. I’ve arranged for him to do an internship.” 
“Huh?” 
Sasha was dumbfounded, finding it strange to have Kurt undergo an internship when he had only started attending classes not long ago. 
Nevertheless, she could not voice any ions to Sebastian’s arrangement since he always had his reasons for every decision he made. 
Little did she know that even Karl could not seem to understand the logic behind Sebastian’s decision. 
“Why did you send Kurt away, Mr. Hayes? If that mother and son duo are related to Elysium, then wouldn’t it be safer to keep Kurt near Ms. Vivian so that he can protect her?” he asked as he prepared to head out. 
“Kurt doesn’t know that both of his brothers died serving the Hayeses,” Sebastian replied coldly. 
His gaze had darkened, and his tone carried a touch of sorrow. 
In his lifetime, the death of the brothers’ struck the greatest remorse in his heart. 
Just as many had died for his sake, many had also died at his hand. The more notable examples were his mother, Frieda, and his best friend, Shawn. 
However, their deaths were mainly due to the nature of their relationship with him. Frieda died for him because she was his mother, and Shawn died for him because they were best friends.
Had their positions been reversed, Sebastian would have sacrificed his life to save theirs, too, if they were in danger. 
The two brothers were a whole different story, though. 
As employees of SteelFort, they had dedicated their lives to serving the Hayes family. In other words, their relationship with Sebastian was that of a superior and subordinate, so he had only taken from them without giving anything in return. 
As such, he did not deserve to have them sacrifice their lives for him like that, especially since he would not have done the same for them back then. 
Sebastian gently stroked the other eagle-shaped cufflink as he continued, “Kurt has nothing to do with this operation, and I intend to keep it that way. Since he doesn’t know about the existence of his two brothers, it would be best if he never finds out.” 
“Got it, Mr. Hayes!” 
Having finally understood the situation, Karl took the eagle cufflink over and left in a hurry. 
He’s right. This tragic incident is all in the past now, so nothing we do will change what happened in any way. Since Kurt doesn’t know about the existence of his brothers, he is spared from the pain of losing them. It’s probably best for things to remain like that. 
With that in mind, he headed over to Yartran later that night. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was anxiously waiting for Kurt’s return in the garden of the villa. After what seemed like forever, she finally saw him approaching from the distance. As always, he had on a blue hoodie and was carrying a canvas bag over his shoulder. 
“Kurt!”
Her eyes lit up with joy as she ran toward him as quickly as she could. 
A faint smile formed on Kurt’s lips when he looked up and saw how elated she was to see him. 
Vivian wrapped her arms around his and beamed at him, chirping, “You’re finally back!” 
Although the two of them had gotten a lot closer lately, Kurt still tensed up from shyness when he saw the housemaids looking at them. 
“Yeah, I’m back. Why did you come out of the house? It’s cold out here,” he replied while trying to pull his arm out. 
To his dismay, Vivian only tightened her grip on his arm even further when she felt his movement. 
“I came out to welcome you home, Kurt! Daddy told me you’re going to Ipston with the professor tomorrow. Will you be gone for long? How about we go out for a nice dinner tonight?” Vivian pleaded with a pout while clinging tightly to him. 
For some reason, it pained Kurt to see her behaving like that. 
“I can choose not to go there if you don’t want me to.” 
“Huh?” 
Vivian stared wide-eyed at him in surprise. 
What? He can stay? I mean, of course, I don’t want him to go! Heck, I would even go to Regalius Academy with him if I could! But Daddy said the bad guys responsible for Brother Cal’s death are no ordinary people! He even ordered Mr. Frost to come over and protect me personally! If it really is so dangerous, then all the more reason for me not to put Kurt’s life at risk!
With that in mind, Vivian replied, “No, that’s not it! I’m really happy to hear that you’re going to do an internship with your professor so soon, Kurt! It’s just that I’m going to miss you dearly while you’re away, that’s all.” 
Her confession was so clear and straightforward that Kurt found himself blushing hard after hearing it. 
If it were not for his high level of self-control, he probably would have done something irrational right there and then. 
“All right,” he said with his head lowered to hide his flushed cheeks. 
###Chapter 1615 Laughingstock
Chapter 1615 Laughingstock
On Vivian’s first day at Regalius Academy, Karl drove her there. 
Worried that she would be afraid, he tried to console her after dropping her off at the school. “Vivian, there’s no need to be scared. The king called your father and asked for you to study here. Therefore, everyone in this school knows who you are. No one would dare to bully you.” 
However, Vivian was not scared at all. 
She was here to carry out a mission under Sebastian’s request. Thus, she was determined not to give up no matter how daunting it was and to persist even if bad guys stood in her way. 
Before heading to her classroom, she went to the teachers’ room to register her name. 
“Did you see her? She’s the one that suddenly transferred to our school.” 
“My, she’s an Astorian. I wonder who she is. How is she able to attend our school? Doesn’t she know that only the children of royalties and aristocrats can be enrolled here?” 
“Who knows?” 
Once Vivian entered the classroom, all the students expressed their displeasure and ion to her arrival. 
However, she did not bother to entertain them. 
Do you think I want to be here? I wouldn’t have come to this godd*mn place if not for Daddy’s mission.
Ignoring her classmates, Vivian pondered over how she should look for Jason in his class during the break. Her mission was to get close to him and then probe for information from him. 
When the lesson began, she gave her undivided attention to the teacher. 
Right after the first period ended, a blond girl barged into the classroom all of a sudden. 
She stormed toward Vivian and asked haughtily, “Are you Vivian, the new transfer student?” 
Although the latter was weirded out by her attitude, she still responded, “Yes, who are you?” 
“I’m Helenora Goldin, Helena’s younger sister. You can’t tell who I am?” the girl shouted shrilly and flipped Vivian’s desk. 
Bam! 
The sound resounded through the class as Vivian’s things, including her desk, fell onto the floor. 
At that, Vivian paled a little. Staring at Helenora, who was acting like a madwoman, she got up from her chair and took a step backward. 
“What do you want? I’m warning you—you better not do anything stupid. Do you remember what happened to your sister? My daddy will never forgive you if you do anything to me!” she cautioned sternly. 
No one had ever treated her in such a way. Although she was afraid, she refused to back down. 
Instead of being intimidated, she gathered her courage and warned Helenora. 
As expected, her stern voice frightened the latter off. Even though she was still glaring at Vivian venomously, she dared not move a single muscle.
The onlookers, too, felt embarrassed upon witnessing the confrontation between Vivian and Helenora. 
They reckoned that Vivian must be someone of great importance if she could get the king to arrange for her to study there. Furthermore, as part of the upper-class society, they all knew about the incident regarding the Goldin family. 
Thus, no one in school, including Helenora, dared to be hostile toward Vivian openly after she uttered that threat. 
Since they could not do anything to her in the open, they resorted to pranking her in secret, for example, breaking the faucet in the restroom. 
“Ah!” Vivian shouted in shock. 
It was after the third period that she went to use the restroom. As soon as she turned on the broken faucet, water sprayed all over her. 
As it was the middle of winter, the water was frigid. Befuddled by the coldness, Vivian could only stand still and let the liquid drip down her. 
“Hahaha… Serves you right!” a girl mocked. 
“Yeah! You should know your place in this school. Well, this is just the beginning. There’s more to come!” another girl taunted. 
Seeing that Vivian had fallen victim to the prank, the girls outside the restroom burst into peals of laughter. 
They all gloated over her disheveled appearance. 
Vivian was shaking with fury, but she could only bite her lip hard and repress her rage.
After all, she did not have any friends in that school. No one would come to her aid even when something happened to her. Besides, it was not like she could ask Karl for help. 
Holding back her tears, she grabbed a few tissues and wiped her face and hair. Then, she exited the restroom, thinking of finding some dry towels in the store on campus. 
To her surprise, a familiar person showed up before her. “Oh, so you’re here. How are you feeling? It seems that you have experienced how hostile this school is.” 
At his appearance, Vivian quickly concealed her wretched expression. 
“Dwayne, why are you here?” she asked. 
“Me? I came here to see you since we were schoolmates in the past. I didn’t expect them to bully you so soon. It’s much sooner than I’ve expected,” Dwayne answered, holding a big, fluffy towel. 
Although it seemed like he had prepared it for her, his tone was imbued with ridicule and mockery. 
When Vivian took in his words, her already soured mood turned worst. 
She could not fathom why the friendly and approachable Dwayne suddenly became a completely different person. His voice dripped with sarcasm, and he kept barraging her with mocks the moment he saw her. 
Vivian’s expression hardened as she replied, “Yes, I may seem like a laughingstock to you, but it doesn’t matter. It’s going to take more than this to intimidate me. You can wait and see.” 
With that, she straightened her back and walked away, leaving the livid Dwayne behind. 
His rage only intensified when he saw her walking toward the classrooms for the senior students. 
###Chapter 1616 Time To Use Her Brain
Chapter 1616 Time To Use Her Brain
Vivian found out where Jason was. 
She had just walked near his classroom when a royal guard blocked her way. “What are you doing here? This is the classroom for the royalties. You’d better stay away.” 
Although Regalius Academy was a public school for royalties, the children of the royal family were still separated from the children of aristocratic families. 
Under normal circumstances, descendants of aristocrats were not allowed to enter the classroom for the royalties. 
Vivian was furious and desperate. 
I can’t even go in. What should I do? 
Standing still on the spot, she began to rack her brain for an idea. 
Up to that point in her life, Vivian rarely needed to use her brain for such situations as she had been well- protected since she was young. Therefore, she never had to figure things out by herself. 
Thank goodness. My brain still works! 
All of a sudden, tears welled up in her eyes. 
The royal guard watched wordlessly as the clear beads of tears streamed down her face. 
“Mister, someone… someone bullied me. See, my clothes are all wet. If you won’t let me enter to talk to Prince Jason, then could you give Mr. King a phone call? If they keep bullying me, I… I don’t want to
study here anymore. I want to go back to my previous school,” Vivian pleaded. 
Matched with her drenched clothes and tearful gaze, she looked pitiful as ever. 
The guard could not help but soften his attitude. 
Anyone would take a liking to an adorable and pitiful girl like her. Thus, he was distressed to see her cry so miserably. 
Moreover, Vivian mentioned that she would speak to the king. If she did, guards like him would be in deep trouble. After all, the king had personally arranged for her to attend that school. 
After pondering over it, the guard went to speak to Jason in the classroom while Vivian waited patiently outside. 
A few minutes later, she saw the young prince walking out of the classroom. 
He was handsome as ever because his face was identical to Calvin’s. 
However, Jason’s expression turned cold when he noticed her. Upon taking a closer look, one could see a hint of wariness in his countenance. Evidently, he was cautious of Vivian because of that night’s incident. 
“What do you want this time?” he asked impatiently. 
Vivian blinked her misty eyes upon hearing him, causing big fat drops of tears to roll down her cheeks. 
“P-Prince Jason… Just now, a group of people pranked me in the restroom and wet my clothes. C-Could you help me get a new set of clothes so that I won’t catch a cold?” she implored, her tear-stained face reminding him of an abandoned puppy. 
Jason was rendered speechless.
He had seen many pretty girls, but none of them looked as exquisite and silly as her. 
Is she dumb? A few nights ago, she and her bodyguard had a clash with Mother and me in our residence, yet she still dares to seek my help after someone bullied her? Isn’t she afraid that I’ll use this opportunity to harm her? 
Staring at the foolish-looking Vivian, he seethed with rage and balled his fists. 
Moments later, he unclenched his fists and stepped out of the classroom. “Come with me.” 
“Okay! Thank you, Prince Jason,” Vivian said, her face lighting up with elation. 
With that said, she followed the young prince. 
I made the right guess. He’s not as cold and heartless as he seems and takes compassion on me when he sees that I look a sorry sight. 
Vivian followed Jason into the drama room, where he told her to choose one of the costumes to wear. 
Can I wear them? 
Blinking her doe eyes, she turned to him and asked worriedly, “Prince Jason, these are all costumes for your plays. Is it okay for me to wear them?” 
“Just do as I say, and stop asking questions,” Jason snapped, his patience running thin. 
At that sight, Vivian did not dare to upset him further. She entered the drama room and rummaged through the costumes. 
The whole time, Jason waited for her outside.
The royal children indeed used the drama room for performances. Every costume there was bespoke and cost a hefty sum. For example, the nineteenth-century Epean royalty’s outfits that they had easily cost more than ten thousand. 
In case anyone came over to cause trouble again, Jason stood guard by the door. 
After around ten minutes, the door finally opened again. The young prince looked over his shoulder instinctively and saw Vivian walking out in an aqua-colored dress. 
That’s… 
Jason was dazed for a moment and let his gaze linger on her. 
It was a well-known dress in the drama room for a character named Azurine. 
Azurine was a character in a nineteenth-century fairytale, which was still famous then. She was a princess who had fallen into the underworld after someone betrayed her. 
In the end, she became a powerful and evil enchantress. 
The actress playing Azurine would put on the costume that Vivian was wearing before the character turned evil. The dress was to show how the princess used to be as pure as the driven snow. 
###Chapter 1617 Naivety Is The Greatest Sin
Chapter 1617 Naivety Is The Greatest Sin
Jason had been in that school for a long time but had never seen anyone wear it as perfectly as Vivian. 
“Why… What’s wrong? Is this a dress that I shouldn’t wear? Prince Jason, I searched through the costumes for so long, and only this fits me. Is it too valuable? I’ll change into another dress now.” Vivian grew nervous when she realized he was keeping his eyes fastened on her. 
She was afraid of angering him again as that would cost her hard-earned opportunity to get close to him. 
Therefore, she went back in to search for something else to wear. 
Just as she spun around, a hand pulled her back. 
It was Jason. Holding her arm, he said, “No, you don’t have to change. This dress is fine.” 
Only when she heard his affirmative answer did she breathe a sigh of relief. 
After glancing at his hand on her arm, she resisted the urge to pull away and affected a cheerful look. “That’s great to hear! Well, I’m going back to class now, Prince Jason!” 
Jason replied in surprise, “You’re going to class wearing this?” 
Vivian nodded. “Yes, I still have to attend the lessons. Can’t I wear this to class?” 
Again, she widened her bright, clear eyes and gazed at him carefully. 
Jason could not say anything for a moment. 
His heart skipped a beat as he was mesmerized by her eyes.
“Of course not! Do you want them to tear this dress off you?” he said in an embarrassed tone and averted his eyes. 
That caused Vivian to blink. 
Oh, right. Why didn’t I think of this? They’re already annoyed with me as I’m attending this school even though I’m an outlander. If they see me wearing their most expensive costume… 
At that thought, she shuddered with horror. 
“Prince Jason, can… can I go to class with you? I don’t want them to gang up on me…” she sobbed, hugging his arm. 
Even then, he still had not loosened his grip on her. 
It was impossible to reject an adorable young lady asking for help. 
Hence, Jason eventually caved in and brought Vivian to his classroom. 
Furthermore, she sat beside him the whole afternoon. 
“Prince Jason, your class is too difficult. I can’t understand anything. Can I take a nap?” Halfway through the lessons, the adorable girl started pouting and imploring for his permission to nap. 
Jason hesitated for a moment. 
Later, he could not remember what he answered her. 
All he knew was she was already sleeping soundly with her head resting on her arms by the time he returned to his senses. 
After noticing that she had drooled in her sleep, he took a tissue and gently wiped her face.
Hah, she’s still drooling at this age. 
Jason could not focus on the lesson at all. 
For the remainder of the period, he could not stop looking at Vivian. As they were close, he could almost smell her sweet fragrance. 
Finally, it was evening. The school day finally came to an end. 
Ring, ring, ring! 
“School’s over!” Jason said. 
Vivian finally woke up and rose to her feet abruptly. 
He raised an eyebrow at her reaction. 
Thank goodness there are not many people left in the classroom. Otherwise, they’d laugh at me. 
Then, Jason led her out of the school. As she was still wearing the costume, he deliberately guided her through the back door so that no one would see them. 
Soon, Vivian’s car arrived. Before entering the car, she turned to him and said, “Prince Jason, thank you so much for today. Do you like strawberries? I’ll make a strawberry dessert for you and bring it to you tomorrow.” 
Initially, Jason wanted to refuse. 
After the class ended, he had some time to gather his thoughts. That was when he recalled his mother’s warning. She had told him to keep a distance from Vivian. 
However, he was tempted to accept the offer since she mentioned she would be making it herself.
In the end, he answered, “Sure.” 
Vivian got into the car happily upon hearing his answer. 
After her car drove away, Jason turned around and saw someone waiting for him nearby. 
It was Dwayne. “Prince Jason, you seem fond of the new transfer student.” 
He had been observing them for the whole day and suppressing his anger for a long time. 
Jason’s eyes turned cold when he saw Dwayne. His expression contained a hint of annoyance and disdain toward the unwanted company. Those feelings stemmed from the fact that the latter was not a royalty or nobility, yet his family managed to enroll him in the school through flattery. 
“What does this have to do with you?” he asked sternly. 
“Of course, it doesn’t. It’s just that you seem to get along with her, so I want to tell you what she likes. Did you forget that I studied in the same school with her before this?” Dwayne answered calmly. 
At that, Jason’s gaze became less hostile. 
Unbeknownst to him, the young man he disdained took out his smartphone and captured a couple of photos of Vivian’s car just as he retracted his gaze. 
It seemed that things would become more complicated from that point onward. 
###Chapter 1618 A Change Of Bodyguard
Chapter 1618 A Change Of Bodyguard
Meanwhile, Karl sent Vivian home. 
As soon as she arrived home, she rushed off to contact her father. “I’m going to find Daddy to report what I found today.” 
It was her first time carrying out a mission, so she was understandably filled with excitement. 
Wearing an amused yet helpless smile, Karl watched her run upstairs. 
A few minutes later, Vivian reached her room and began a video call with Sebastian. Once he accepted the call, she quickly reported what she had discovered that day. 
“Daddy, guess what? I succeeded in getting close to Jason. He doesn’t suspect anything. I even spent the whole afternoon with him,” she said excitedly. 
“Really? Sweetie, you did so well on your first mission.” Sebastian did not hold back with his praises at all. 
As expected, she was happy to hear his praise. Her face flushed with joy as she sat before her laptop. 
“Yes, Daddy. Don’t worry about it. I have arranged to meet him tomorrow. What do you want me to do next? You can tell me,” Vivian said. 
Sebastian was still worried about her, so he advised, “Let’s not rush things. We need to wait until he has lowered his guard before doing anything. Also, remember not to be too obvious. Otherwise, he will suspect something is up.”
Vivian agreed with him obediently. 
She was a smart child, after all. 
Sasha, sitting beside Sebastian, queried him after he ended the call. “Sebby, what do you want Vivian to do next? Are you going to ask her to sound Jason out?” 
“Of course not. We can’t get any information from him.” He denied it, much to her surprise. 
Soon, her eyes widened with realization. 
If it’s not Jason, does it mean that he wants to… 
“You—” 
Perceiving her concern, he hurriedly explained, “Don’t worry, I have planned everything. I won’t ask her to interact with that woman directly. Her mission is to gain Jason’s trust and find out his mother’s secret from him. Once she does that, Karl will be able to take over. By then, she will have retreated.” 
Sebastian was telling the truth. Jason’s mother must have something to do with his appearance that resembled Calvin one hundred percent. Presuming that she had conspired with Eddie’s men that year, she must have been in contact with them for the past twenty years. 
Sebastian probably had never caught wind of it because Jason’s mother either hid it too well or the mastermind arranged it for her. Otherwise, with his power and connections, he would have found out about it ages ago. 
Sasha understood Sebastian’s intention after hearing his explanation. 
Nevertheless, she was still a little worried.
“Judging from your plan, Vivi will have to follow Jason to the royal residence. Who will protect her there? We don’t know much about Jason’s mother. Wouldn’t Vivi be in danger without a bodyguard?” she asked. 
Her concern caused Sebastian to fall deep in thought. 
She’s right. I can’t let Vivian be in danger. 
At Ipston, Kurt only found out that Vivian had transferred to another school the following morning. 
Furthermore, he discovered that she had a new bodyguard who would be following her into Regalius Academy by pretending to be a student there. 
What is going on? 
He stood motionlessly at the construction site after receiving two photos from an anonymous sender on his smartphone. 
Seeing that he was not moving, the professor shouted quickly, “Kurt, what are you doing? It’s dangerous there. Come over here now.” 
Kurt finally came to his senses and averted his gaze from the screen. With a stiff gait, he followed the professor out of the construction site. 
What shocked him was not Vivian’s sudden transfer to another school but the fact that they had changed her bodyguard. It was out of the blue, and he was not informed about it. 
How could they change her bodyguard just like that? 
Kurt was in a daze for the whole afternoon. Once the survey at the construction site was over, he could not bear to wait anymore and quickly called a number on his smartphone.
Beep… Beep… 
“Hello?” said a familiar, deep, and authoritative male voice. 
Kurt became nervous instantly. “M-Mr. Hayes, it’s me, Kurt.” 
“Yes, I know it’s you. What’s wrong? Is something the matter?” Sebastian asked. 
His tone was calm, just like how he usually sounded whenever they communicated. 
On the other hand, Kurt gripped his phone so tightly that his knuckles turned white. 
“Mr. Hayes, I… I want to ask you something. Have you planned anything else for me? I have been following the professor to the construction site for my internship for the past two days. It’s a little boring,” he said. 
Although he wanted to ask Sebastian about the sudden change of Vivian’s bodyguard, he decided against it and chose to approach the matter indirectly. 
The young man still distanced himself from the Hayeses. He would have asked Sebastian directly if he viewed himself as a part of the family. However, he did not. 
Despite urgently wanting to inquire about the matter, he resisted the urge and used a more tactful method to query. 
“Yes, I have another assignment for you,” Sebastian answered flatly. 
In a split second, the color drained from Kurt’s face. 
###Chapter 1619 Bullied
Chapter 1619 Bullied
In the end, Kurt hung up the phone without asking anything else. 
He always behaved with the utmost propriety and would not ask anything he was not supposed to. Although Sebastian and Sasha treated him well, he would never forget his identity. 
“Where have you been? Why do you look so pale? Are you not feeling well?” the professor asked when Kurt returned to the construction site. 
The young man did not utter a word. 
He stood expressionlessly for a long time before saying, “It’s nothing. What else are we doing?” 
“Let’s check the measurements. This is also very important.” 
Instead of responding, Kurt merely followed behind the professor. His expression made it seem like he was carrying out a mission. 
Vivian went to school again the next day. 
True to her words, she did make some strawberry cupcakes by herself. When she arrived at the school, she headed toward the classroom for royalties first. 
“Why are you here again?” the royal guard outside the classroom asked. 
“No, mister. I’m here to give Prince Jason some cupcakes. He helped me yesterday, and I’m returning the favor with some gifts. I told him yesterday,” Vivian hurriedly explained to him. 
Indeed, that was how she planned to approach Jason that day.
To her disappointment, the guard was uncompromising, refusing to let her in no matter how hard she pleaded. In fact, he was also hinting to her that she should not pester Jason anymore. 
Vivan was rendered speechless. 
What’s going on? Did news about me being with Jason yesterday spread to the royal residence? And then his mother started to interfere? 
Chills ran down her spine at the thought of the woman, and she no longer dared to bug the guard anymore. After giving the cupcakes to him and asking him to hand them over to Jason, she left. 
Kurt said that Daphne altered Jason’s face with a drug. In hindsight, Vivian reckoned she could not be an ordinary person. 
Additionally, she saw her terrifying eyes that night. They were green, just like the eyes of a venomous snake lurking in the darkness. 
That mere recollection of Daphne caused her to shudder. 
In the end, she returned to her classroom and decided to observe the situation before making the next move. 
As expected, Jason did not look for her that day, and she never heard back about the cupcakes. 
However, Vivian realized one thing—the descendants of aristocratic families never bullied her again. Although they still despised her, they stopped bothering her. 
Since she had started using her brain to think, she immediately knew Jason was the reason they stopped bullying her. 
The school bell finally rang at noon.
Vivian packed her books and was about to go for lunch but bumped into Dwayne again when she went down the building. 
“What? It’s only been a day, and Prince Jason has stopped looking for you?” 
He’s here again. 
Staring at him, Vivian could not believe that Dwayne, who used to be an animated and cheery boy, would become such a cynical and despicable person. 
“Get out of my way!” came her curt reply. 
However, his expression darkened when he heard her. 
All of a sudden, he said venomously, “Vivian, why won’t you give up? Heed my warning—if you continue to hang out with the young prince, you’ll be miserable in this school.” 
At his words, a scowl marred Vivian’s beautiful face. Refusing to entertain him further, she brushed past him and went straight to the cafeteria. 
Unexpectedly, when she went into the cafeteria, many female students turned around immediately and glared at her as though they wanted to skin her alive. 
“Is she the one who gave Prince Jason the cupcakes in the morning?” 
“Yes. I saw it with my own eyes.” 
“How despicable. She’s only been here for a few days, and she has already started to seduce Prince Jason. Just as Helenora says, she’s a little b*tch!” 
A barrage of insults was directed at Vivian.
Standing at the entrance, she watched as the female students came stomping in her direction. It seemed like they had snapped, judging by how their faces contorted with fury. 
Vivian remained quiet. 
She only needed to tap the watch on her wrist in such situations, and the bodyguard who entered the school with her would appear. Those few girls would never pose a threat to her. 
Just as she reached for her watch, she suddenly stopped. 
A few minutes later, the cafeteria echoed with the shrieks and cries of a girl. When a black figure rushed in, Vivian was already lying on the ground, unable to move. 
“What are all of you doing?” 
The young man emanated a murderous aura instantly. 
Right when he was about to kick the girls and send them flying, Vivian, beaten to the ground, raised her tear-stained face and looked at him. “Sam, stop. We’re in a school. Get out.” 
“But…” 
Sam, the new bodyguard SteelFort assigned to protect her, showed a troubled face on his first day on the job. 
Nonetheless, under Vivian’s insistence, he eventually dismissed the intention of avenging her and helped her up from the ground. 
###Chapter 1620 Taking The Bait
Chapter 1620 Taking The Bait
“Listen up! Your king personally invited Ms. Hayes to study here, yet you roughed her up today. We will not let this incident slide easily,” Sam warned the female students before supporting Vivian and leaving the cafeteria with her. 
The group of female students stood at the same spot. After regaining their composure, they paled as they belatedly realized the gravity of the situation. 
That’s right. We totally forgot about the new transfer student’s identity. 
Everyone began to regret their actions. 
Meanwhile, Sam was prepared to bring Vivian back to the villa after exiting the cafeteria. 
“Ms. Vivian, we’ll be skipping the rest of the classes today. Let’s head back.” 
Sam was recruited after SteelFort received a massive blow from the battle with Eddie. That was around the time when Kurt joined. 
However, he was eighteen that year, a year older than Vivian. 
Hence, he would take more factors into consideration when he handled things. 
To his dismay, Vivian rejected his suggestion and insisted on staying in school. 
“Sam, I’m not going back. I let them beat me up for a reason. Also, you shouldn’t have shown up today. How could you appear on your own when I didn’t call for your help?” 
Not only did she refuse, but she also rebuked him.
Indeed, she deliberately allowed the female students to assault and injure her so that she could gain Jason’s attention. After all, he was the reason she was being bullied. 
However, Sam thwarted her plans by showing up. 
While Vivian was frowning in displeasure, the image of another handsome young man popped up in her mind. 
If only Kurt were here. He understands me and knows what to do. There might not be a need for me to even come up with a strategy. 
Sam went scarlet from Vivian’s admonishment. He stood in front of her with his head lowered and apologized, “It’s my fault. I’m willing to receive any form of punishment to atone for my mistakes!” 
Nevertheless, the kindhearted Vivian could never bring herself to punish him. 
After waving her hand irritably to dismiss the bodyguard, she sat in the classroom and laid her face on her desk. 
She was so upset that she did not even bother to tend to her injuries. 
While she was moping, someone suddenly came over from outside the classroom. 
“Vivian!” 
“Hmm?” 
Vivian immediately lifted her head in response. 
“P-Prince Jason?” When she saw the person who came looking for her, her beautiful eyes lit up. Even her bruised face suddenly seemed radiant.
Jason was confused by her reaction. 
She’s so happy to see me? 
The young man had hesitated for a long time before coming to look for Vivian. After seeing her expression at that time, he, too, perked up inexplicably. 
By then, Vivian had already calmed down. “Prince Jason, why are you here? Did… Did you hear something? Those things that happened have nothing to do with you.” 
Suddenly, she averted her gaze and covered her face with a book, obscuring the bruises on her face from Jason. 
When he noticed her wounds, his gaze turned grim. 
“Cedric, call the school’s doctor over to my private lounge.” 
“Yes, Prince Jason.” 
“Also, investigate those girls for me. Expel those who took part in assaulting her!” 
Jason angrily instructed his guard to give a harsh punishment to those who had injured Vivian. 
Vivian was stunned. 
This young prince is avenging me? If I continue to use him, will I… 
The warmhearted girl started to hesitate. 
Right as the hesitation surfaced, her gaze fell upon Jason’s face, and the scene of Calvin’s tragic death reappeared in her mind.
Right. Why am I even hesitating? I can’t be softhearted when I’ve vowed to avenge Calvin and arrest the bad guys who caused his death. Besides, I have yet to know how the prince’s mother managed to alter his face. 
In the end, Vivian clenched her fist and steeled her heart. 
That day, not only did she follow Jason to his private lounge, but she also requested to revisit the royal residence in order to get the information that her father wanted as soon as possible. 
“Prince Jason, I-I’m too scared to go home.” 
“Why?” the young prince asked while dressing her wounds. 
His mother’s warning had long fled his mind after he saw how gentle and adorable Vivian was. 
Vivian made up an excuse, saying, “My bruises. If my daddy sees them, he will definitely complain to the school. He might even take it up to your father. Things will turn ugly when that happens.” 
As expected, Jason’s expression immediately changed. 
“Then… If you’re not going home, where will you go?” 
“I’ll stay at a hotel.” 
Lowering her head, she pretended to appear helpless. 
Without even thinking about it, he said, “That won’t do. A young girl like you can’t stay in a hotel alone. Come home with me!” 
###Chapter 1621 Do You Know Who Kurt Is
Chapter 1621 Do You Know Who Kurt Is
“What?” Vivian raised her head abruptly in shock. 
Of course, there was also a trace of joy hidden deep in her eyes. 
Jason turned his head to the side and explained awkwardly, “I-I mean, I can take you home to stay for one night. Just say that my father invited you over. This way, your daddy won’t suspect anything.” 
Vivian was enraptured internally. 
She did not care about the reason, for she just wanted him to bring her home. 
After school in the evening, Vivian was prepared to go back with Jason. 
When Sam saw it, he advised anxiously, “Ms. Vivian, Mr. Frost said that this person’s family is very dangerous. It’s risky for you to go to his home impulsively.” 
“Sam, I came here to get close to that woman. Now that I finally have the opportunity, I must go. How about this? Give Mr. Frost a call. He will know what to do.” 
With that, she waved her hand and left with Jason. 
As a matter of fact, her decision to stay the night at the royal residence that day was the right thing to do. It had nothing to do with the timing. After all, Daphne carried all the secrets, so she had to go there sooner or later in order to uncover them. 
To her surprise, Jason did not bring her back to the royal residence. Instead, he took her to his own villa. 
“Vivian, you will stay here tonight.”
He brought her in and pointed to the villa that seemed desolate. 
Vivian was baffled. 
Really? This awful place? How am I supposed to get close to that woman like this? Besides, it’s not like I really want to stay at his place! 
Although she was seething with rage, there was nothing she could do. 
Since she had made up an excuse and was brought there by Jason, she could only stay for the night and then report her current situation to Sam. 
Sam breathed a sigh of relief when he received her text. 
He immediately reported to Karl. Naturally, his tone no longer carried a hint of urgency but rather an extra touch of nonchalance. 
Upon receiving his update, Karl did not make any further arrangements, merely instructing Sam to look out for her. 
On that night, Jason did not leave and stayed at the villa with Vivian. 
After coming out of the bathroom wearing only a bathrobe, Vivian was surprised to see that Jason was still around. In fact, he was playing video games in the living room downstairs. 
She was so shocked that she quickly held her bathrobe and stepped back. “P-Prince Jason, you’re still here?” 
When the prince heard her voice, he looked up and was greeted by a pair of fair, slender legs upstairs. 
Raising his gaze further, he caught sight of her slim waistline. He could not believe that the girl who looked unattractive in a school uniform could have such an enticing figure when dressed in a thin
bathrobe. 
The moment his eyes fell upon her cleavage that the thin cloth failed to cover, Jason gulped so loud that he could hear it himself. 
Gulp! 
Face flushing with anger and embarrassment, Vivian grabbed her bathrobe tightly and turned around to return to her room. 
However, a person appeared out of nowhere, standing in her way. 
“You have a pretty nice body.” 
The person was decked out in a long black lace dress with her long hair tied in an updo. After checking Vivian out, she crinkled her green eyes in a smile. 
Daphne! 
Terror-stricken, Vivian took a big step back. 
“W-Why are you here?” 
“What kind of question is that? This is my son’s villa. Why can’t I be here?” Daphne asked in return. 
All of a sudden, she directed her gaze at her son, who was staring back at her in shock downstairs. “Jason, I think you’re right. It might be a good idea to marry Yariel’s daughter,” she remarked. 
Jason was dumbfounded. 
“Mother, w-what are you talking about? Marry who?”
“Her. Remember when you argued with me a few days ago, and I forbid you from associating yourself with this girl? Didn’t you question me why you can’t marry the daughter of the Jadesons? Now that I think about it, what you said actually made sense,” Daphne casually explained to Jason. 
Vivian was utterly petrified. 
“What are you talking about? How could I possibly marry him?” 
“Why not? Haven’t you been pestering my son for the past two days? Now that you have my blessing, shouldn’t you be happy?” 
Like before, Daphne swept her snake-like gaze across Vivian’s body. 
Out of nowhere, she tugged off her bathrobe in front of her son. 
“Argh!” Vivian shrieked. 
“Don’t worry, young lady. As long as you become my daughter-in-law, I will not mistreat you. I initially thought you were together with Kaiden. Now that that’s not the case, things are easier now,” Daphne replied, leaning over to admire Vivian’s flawless skin that she forcefully unveiled. 
While she was smiling in delight, Vivian was shaking like a leaf. 
Grabbing her bathrobe back from Daphne forcefully, Vivian suppressed her fear and regained her composure to ask, “What are you talking about? Who’s Kaiden?” 
“It’s the young man who came with you that day. Don’t you know that he’s the sixteenth son of the king of Elysium? His name is Kaiden, a child who should have been executed long ago!” 
What? 
Vivian was in disbelief.
Kurt is from Elysium, and he’s the son of their king! How did this happen? 
Unfortunately, she did not have the time to mull over it because a strong fragrance wafted into her nose, and her consciousness soon began to slip away. 
###Chapter 1622 A Shocking Experience
Chapter 1622 A Shocking Experience
Panic washed over Vivian. Her body trembled non-stop as she clutched her bathrobe. 
“What… what are you doing? I’m warning you—if you… harm me, my daddy… He will never forgive you!” she warned in a loud voice. 
However, Daphne did not take her seriously at all. 
“Don’t worry. Your daddy will be delighted. Didn’t he allow you to study in Regalius Academy so that you could marry into the royal family? You two are a match made in heaven!” 
Wearing a smug smile, she grabbed the young woman’s wrist. 
When she was about to drag her to the bedroom and have her son force himself upon her, someone suddenly barged in from outside. 
“What do you think you’re doing? Let go of Ms. Vivian!” 
The person turned out to be Vivian’s bodyguard, Sam, who came in at the most critical juncture. 
Under Daphne’s grip, Vivian shouted at her bodyguard with utmost desperation, “Sam, save me!” 
In an instant, Sam bolted up the stairs. 
“How dare you harm Ms. Vivian. You must have a death wish!” He quickly pulled out a dagger and slashed at Daphne’s wrist. 
Daphne’s eyes widened in shock. She actually came over with a bodyguard? Could it be that someone is onto me? And it’s her father?
The woman was surprisingly clever. She realized a bigger plot was afoot just from Sam’s sudden appearance and his harsh words. 
Immediately after she understood the situation, her green eyes gleamed menacingly. 
To her, the head of the Jadesons was far more terrifying than Elysium. 
Seeing that Sam was nearing her, she quickly put an on her lips and let out a sharp whistling noise. 
Hiss! 
Still being seized by her, Vivian suddenly heard another hissing noise that sounded creepy enough to send shivers down her spine. 
What’s that thing? 
She quickly turned her head toward the source of the noise, and Sam did the same. 
The sight of the creatures slithering in from outside the villa caused their jaws to drop. 
“Snakes! Snakes!” Vivian screamed in fright. 
Those were the creatures that Vivian feared the most. As long as it could slither, she would be horrified whenever she saw it. 
Sam was taken aback as well. 
However, as a bodyguard trained in SteelFort, he regained his composure after a brief moment of panic. He then made the swift decision to rescue Vivian, who was still screaming.
However, when he got to the landing, Daphne stared at him with her green eyes while still clutching Vivian’s wrist. 
“Are you sure you want to save her?” 
Sam did not reply. 
“After all these years of servitude and subservience, do you think it’s fair? You’ve been by their side, but have you been rewarded for your efforts? Hmm?” 
Daphne was like an enchantress. 
The eye contact between her and him lasted for just a second, and Vivian noticed that his gaze had changed. 
“Sam! Sam!” she immediately screamed his name uncontrollably. 
Unfortunately, her desperate cries fell on deaf ears. 
Her bodyguard, who was supposed to rescue her, slowly lowered his dagger after Daphne uttered those words. 
“Fair?” Sam asked while staring blankly ahead. 
“Yes. Fair.” Daphne nodded bewitchingly. “Think about it. What do you want? Did you get it in the end? Why didn’t you get it? Who was it given to?” 
Sam said nothing. 
Daphne was indeed the former high priest. 
Her prowess in hypnosis was probably better than the top psychologists in the world.
However, psychologists used science, while she probably used some wicked items because Vivian quickly smelled the strong fragrance again. 
In a state of despair, the young woman watched as the snakes slithered up the stairs to bite Sam to death while she herself was dragged into the bedroom, where she would lose her innocence. 
Suddenly, something came flying in from outside the villa. 
Crash! 
With a shrill sound, a sharp shattered the glass window in the living room to pieces and flew straight toward Daphne. 
The woman’s eyes widened in shock. The dire situation did not permit her the leisure to think. When the sharp was about to stab into her chest, she had no choice but to let go of Vivian to dodge aside. 
“Sam! Sam!” 
Finally freed from her grasp, Vivian lost her balance and fell to the ground. Raising her head, she called out to her hypnotized bodyguard again. 
However, it was futile. 
At that moment, there was movement outside the villa again. 
Hiss! 
It was a whistling sound, louder and sharper than before, resembling the sound of a sword whizzing past the air that broke the silence of the serene night. 
To the shock of those inside the villa, the bed of venomous snakes retreated down the stairs like the tide.
###Chapter 1623 He Arrived
Chapter 1623 He Arrived
While Vivian gaped in shock, Daphne’s face became as pale as a sheet of paper. 
Who on earth was that? How could they know about the Elysium snake whistle? It’s supposed to be a secret technique amongst the high priests! 
Daphne quickly placed two fingers in her mouth as she intended to summon the snakes back here. 
At that moment, the piercing whistle that echoed in the air faded into silence. Amidst the horde of snakes, a tall young man emerged with a torch in his hand. 
Immediately, Daphne felt a sense of total despair. I can’t believe Kaiden himself has arrived at the scene. 
“W-What are you doing? I’m warning you; snakes are regarded as Elysium’s ancient ancestors. If you burn them, you’ll never be able to reincarnate from the afterlife!” she shrieked at him like a banshee. 
Even so, the young man did not even bat an eyelid. He merely tossed the fiery torch into the swarming horde of snakes before drawing a bow from behind his back. 
Though the black bow looked nothing out of the ordinary, the nocked arrow caught everyone’s attention. 
The bright red color of the arrow made it appear as if it had been soaked in blood. 
Utterly shell-shocked, Vivian could only watch on with her jaw hanging open. 
“Ancestors? You must be joking! You guys sentenced me to death when I was ten years old. Right now, the man standing in front of you is Kurt from SteelFort. I have already reincarnated from my past life.” Without warning, Kurt drew back the string of his bow.
Promptly, a look of unadulterated fear painted Daphne’s face. In haste, she whirled around and tried to run for her life. 
Alas, she was one step too late. 
Whoosh! 
Kurt’s blood arrow shot through the air, leaving behind a mesmerizing red arc before burying itself in Daphne’s chest. 
“Argh!” Daphne’s pained scream echoed across the entire villa. It was so loud that everyone in the villa could hear her wailing in agony. 
Vivian felt as if her entire mind had gone blank. Her legs gave way as she collapsed to the floor. In a daze, Vivian watched as Daphne crumpled to the ground with the arrow still pierced into her chest. 
When Kurt saw this, a haze of murderous rage filled his eyes. Slowly, he retrieved a second arrow from his quiver. 
Today, I’m going to destroy this evil hag until there’s nothing left of her but bones and ashes. 
However, just as he drew his bow taut, a figure darted forward to block his path. 
“Don’t kill my mom!” 
Jason had woken up right before Kurt could release his arrow. 
Kurt narrowed his eyes sharply. When he recalled the photographs he saw earlier, an ominous aura of bloodlust seemed to surge from his body. Not only did he not lower his bow, Kurt merely drew the string back even further. 
“Then the both of you can perish together,” he said in a low voice.
Out of the blue, Daphne screamed, “Kaiden, stop this instance! I-If you kill my son, don’t even think of reuniting with your mom and sister ever again!” 
This shocking news came out of nowhere, hitting Kurt like a truck. 
Immediately, Kurt’s eyes widened when he heard Daphne reveal such a secret. 
Gradually, he lowered his bow. My mom and sister are still alive? 
The more Kurt thought about this, the more agitated he became. Even his breathing had taken on a more erratic rhythm. Upon hearing this sudden news, Kurt felt his icy mask of nonchalance crackle open, revealing his vulnerable emotions. 
Yet, his dark eyes were filled with turmoil. 
As Kurt glared at Daphne, she found herself trembling in fear. 
It had been a long time since Kurt last thought about his family. 
“That’s right, Prince Kurt. Your mom and sister are still alive. When you were sentenced to death, the King spared their lives. But because of you, they were imprisoned in the River of Styx. As long as you spare us both, I will free your family. Aside from the high priests, no one else can enter the River of Styx.” 
Finally, Daphne managed to calm Kurt down. 
Ignoring the stinging pain of her wound, Daphne kneeled before Kurt and implored him to be merciful. Her groveling was a stark contrast to her arrogant demeanor just moments earlier. 
Earlier, she had addressed Kurt by his rightful title.
Kurt’s title as a prince was bestowed on him because of his position as the son of Elysium’s leader. Aside from him, no ordinary citizen could claim such a grand title as their own. 
Although Elysium was often criticized for its old-fashioned system, its citizens still insisted on obeying its strict hierarchy. 
Despite living in the twenty-first century, they still operated in a feudal system. Elysium’s tribe leader was crowned as their King, who had a harem of women in his palace. Hence, the King’s many children were given the titles of princes or princesses. 
Hence, Kurt’s status as a prince would have been revered amongst the Elysium tribe. 
However, unlike Daphne, Kurt could not care less about his title. In his eyes, it was nothing more but a pathetic joke. 
Daphne continued to kneel respectfully at Kurt’s feet as she waited for his reply. 
All around them, silence blanketed the villa. 
The atmosphere was quiet save for the soft crackle of the fire and the sharp hisses of the poisonous snakes being burnt alive. 
Even the air had become eerily still. 
As time continued to pass by, Kurt remained entirely motionless. His entire body had become so stiff that one might have confused him for a marble statue. 
###Chapter 1624 Tight Embrace
Chapter 1624 Tight Embrace
On the other side, their conversation riveted Vivian to her spot. 
The fogginess in her mind had begun to fade away. But when she heard Daphne’s words, it felt as though her entire brain turned blank once again. 
Prince Kurt? What does that mean? Why did that woman call him a prince? 
Vivian became even more confused when she saw how Daphne was kneeling respectfully in front of Kurt. 
Didn’t Great-grandpa rescue Kurt from poverty? How did he suddenly become a prince? Also, what sort of place is Elysium? 
In the span of a few seconds, Vivian’s mind was thrust back into a state of chaos. 
After around five minutes, Daphne’s words seemed to have swayed Kurt. Slowly, he lowered his bow. 
The corners of Daphne’s mouth upturned into a smile. 
“You’d better not be lying,” Kurt warned her. 
“I will not back out on my promise. I solemnly swear that if I don’t rescue Mrs. Calyette and your sister, I will pay for the price with my own eyesight. Furthermore, breaking my vow means I will be cursed to remain in the afterlife for eternity. I will not be able to reincarnate,” Daphne declared as she raised her right hand. 
This vow was considered the highest form of binding that one could place on themselves.
After all, having good eyesight was one of the high priest’s most important assets. 
Without her eyesight, Daphne would be as good as dead. 
Even so, Kurt continued to look at her with disdain. Clearly, he still did not completely trust Daphne. 
If she ever goes back on her word, I will banish her from the cycle of reincarnation and make her regret that she was ever born! 
In the end, Kurt decided to spare the mother and son duo. 
When he lifted his head to glance at Vivian, he instantly noticed the look of shock scrawled all over her face. 
Somehow, the sight of her surprise felt as if a knife shad stabbed through his heart. 
In haste, Kurt scrambled toward her. 
With a trembling voice, he asked Vivian, “A-Are you all right? Were you hurt?” 
Despite his concern, Vivian showed no sign of response. Instead, she stared at him blankly. The empty look on her delicate features shattered Kurt’s heart into tiny pieces. 
Kurt clenched his fists so tightly that his knuckles became bone white. 
Quickly, he scanned her body to see if she had suffered any injuries. Throughout the entire ordeal, Vivian’s bathrobe had fallen loose. Immediately, Kurt found his gaze drawn to her exposed skin. When realization dawned upon him, he quickly averted his eyes and shrugged off his hoodie. “Here, wear this.” 
There was an indescribable feeling that lurked in his heart when he saw Vivian in this state. 
It made him want to kill himself.
I wish I hadn’t gotten so worked up over the pictures that they anonymously sent to me. I shouldn’t have cared about the call to Mr. Hayes, too. This way, Vivian wouldn’t have suffered such shock and mistreatment. 
Throughout her life, everyone treated her like a precious princess. As a result, Vivian developed a pure and innocent demeanor. 
Kurt pulled his hoodie over Vivian’s head before giving her an apologetic look. “I’m sorry… I was too late.” 
After what seemed like forever, Vivian finally broke free from her daze. 
As her bright, beautiful eyes regained their original shine, Vivian stared at him and questioned, “T-Tell me, what is your relationship with them?” 
“What?” 
“Why did they talk about your mom and sister? Who on earth were they? Kurt, have they kidnapped your family? Why didn’t you ever tell me about it? You shouldn’t have let them escape. If you told Daddy about it, he could have helped you rescue your mom and sister!” Amidst her rambling, Vivian finally burst into tears. 
As tears began to roll down her cheeks, Kurt realized she was in a daze earlier not because of fear, but because of her genuine concern toward him and his family. 
Every question that slipped past her lips displayed her selfless care toward him. 
Not expecting such a response, Kurt was stunned. 
He stared at Vivian in shock and surprise. It felt as if something in his chest had cracked open when he heard Vivian’s heartfelt concern. All of the emotions that he tried so hard to suppress had begun to
resurface. 
Overwhelmed by emotions, Kurt felt his hands tremble uncontrollably. 
How could she be so foolish? Isn’t she going to blame me for what had happened? She suffered such humiliation all because I was too narrow-minded. Isn’t she even the slightest bit angry at me? This entire incident transpired because I had arrived too late to rescue her. 
Immediately, Kurt’s eyes reddened when he thought about the selfish behavior he had exhibited. 
He hung his head low to avoid meeting Vivian’s bright gaze. Although Kurt still maintained his icy demeanor, tears welled up in his eyes. 
“Kurt?” Vivian called out as she brushed her tears away. 
Much to her surprise, the young man kneeling in front of her suddenly opened his arms and yanked her into a tight embrace. 
H-Huh? What’s the matter with him? 
The unexpected hug caused Vivian to cease her sobs. She could feel Kurt’s trembling body pressed against hers when he hugged her. 
When the sound of footsteps echoed in the distance, Kurt finally regained his senses. Then, realization dawned upon him, and he jerked backward as if he had been electrocuted, shoving Vivian away from him. 
“Kurt, you—” 
“Let’s head back. I’ll explain everything to you once we reach home. Since such a huge incident had happened, we should inform your dad about it first.” Kurt dared not to even look at Vivian as he spoke.
Without another word, he reached out and scooped her into his arms. Together, they left the villa. 
###Chapter 1625 Explosive Anger
Chapter 1625 Explosive Anger
That night, Kurt brought Vivian safely back to the villa. 
At the same time, Karl had also shown up. Karl had managed to rescue Sam from his hypnosis and brought the latter back. Once they reached the villa, they quickly notified Sebastion of the incident. 
“Where is she?” 
When Sebastian heard how Daphne almost killed his daughter, a murderous look flitted across his gaze. 
“Kurt let her go unscathed… S-She brought up his family and used it to bargain for her life,” Karl explained hastily. 
Before Sebastian could respond, the door to the room flung open as a young man walked in. 
“Mr. Hayes, I’m so sorry.” Kurt made his way in front of the computer and fell to his knees. “It was due to my selfishness that I let her escape. This matter is wholly unrelated to Mr. Frost. Please punish me instead of him!” 
When Sebastian saw the scene, he was so livid that the veins across his forehead bulged out. 
Truthfully, he would never spare anyone who harmed Vivian. I’ve loved her ever since she was an infant. I can’t believe that old hag dared to touch my precious daughter. 
As Sebastian thought of this, a dark expression loomed across his face. 
However, he tried to regain his composure by taking a deep breath. Looking at Kurt, he asked, “You knew about her identity way before this incident occurred?”
“Yes…” 
“When did you find out?” Even through the screen, Kurt could feel the weight of Sebastian’s words. The latter’s icy tone seemed to exert an invisible pressure on his shoulders. 
Kurt ducked his head and replied shakily, “Just before I left the Royal Academy in my second year.” He had gone so pale that even his lips lost all color. 
“What? In your second year?” Sebastian exploded in a fit of fury. 
This brat knew about it so early on? Why didn’t he tell me about it? Does he know that a disaster almost happened? 
Sebastian’s ferocious scowl deepened even further. “Kurt, do you understand the consequences of your actions? I was the one who adopted you. All these years, I have raised you to become the man you are today. Is SteelFort nothing but a pawn that you can use as you please?” he asked in an icy tone. 
“No!” Kurt’s head shot up in panic. 
That’s not true at all! 
When they met gazes through the screen, Sebastian noticed that Kurt had become teary-eyed. 
“Mr. Hayes, I have never thought of SteelFort in that manner. I-I chose not to inform you about it because I was afraid of causing you more trouble. Besides, I never want to contact them again.” 
“Did you know that things could have been disastrous all because you withheld this information from me? I can’t believe you didn’t tell me that Daphne is a high priest from Elysium. Did you know why I allowed Vivian to get close to her?” Sebastian snapped. 
Sebastian’s question was only met with silence from Kurt’s end.
“I wanted to investigate the reason behind your brother’s death. If you had told me about Daphne’s identity earlier, I would have kept Vivian out of her clutches. Also, I would even go as far as to offer you the same protection against Daphne! Do you understand how badly you’ve messed up?” Sebastian roared. 
This was the first time anyone saw Sebastian lose his cool. 
Ever since the great war ended, Sebastian always kept his emotions in check. Although he would get angry, he never failed to maintain his composure at all times. 
It was not until today that Kurt finally witnessed Sebastian losing his temper. 
Faced with Sebastian’s explosive fury, Kurt was so scared that his entire body froze up. 
Though Kurt was someone unafraid of anything, his bottom lip trembled when Sebastian yelled at him. All of the blood had drained from his cheeks, making his skin appear almost gray in color. 
“I’m sorry,” he whispered. 
All of a sudden, Kurt broke down in tears. 
Tears streamed down his cheeks as Kurt stared fearfully at Sebastian. For the first time in his life, he was so terrified that he ended up bawling like a newborn baby. 
Despite his maturity, Kurt was still a child. “Mr. Hayes, I’m sorry…” 
Repeatedly, he apologized to a stone-faced Sebastian. 
Fortunately, Karl was also present. “Mr. Hayes, why don’t you calm down? I believe Kurt didn’t do it on purpose. If he knew the gravity of the situation, there is no doubt that he would have told you about it right away. We are both aware of his true nature.”
Ever since Karl took Kurt under his wing, he had never seen the young boy shed a tear. Upon seeing how Kurt openly cried his eyes out, Karl could not help but intervene out of pity. 
Deep down, Sebastian was still fuming in anger. 
However, he knew he should not direct all the blame onto Kurt’s shoulders. 
Most of it is my fault too. I was the one who came up with this master plan and unintentionally placed Vivian in grave danger because I overlooked Daphne’s identity. I can never forgive that old hag! 
In the end, Sebastian switched off his computer and holed himself in his room. 
Outside the room, Sasha felt worried as she overheard the yells. 
“Sebastian, what’s the matter? Please open the door. I want to talk to you.” She spent several moments knocking on the door. 
Fortunately, Sebastian’s mood had taken a turn for the better. When he finally regained his composure, he quickly strode to the door and opened it to let Sasha in. 
Upon seeing that Sebastian had calmed down, Sasha heaved out a heavy sigh of relief. 
Yet, she quickly noticed the heavy stench of cigarettes in the air. When Sasha scanned the room, her gaze fell upon a small table by the window with an ashtray on it. 
###Chapter 1626 Mistake
Chapter 1626 Mistake
There were several cigarette butts in the ashtray. 
Spotting that, Sasha pinched her brows together. When did he start smoking again? Didn’t he quit for the sake of his health a long time ago? 
Sasha felt her skin prickle uneasily. 
“Sebastian, are you still angry about the incident involving Vivian? Don’t overthink it, all right? After all, Vivian is safe and sound,” Sasha said in an attempt to comfort him. 
Just as she spoke, Sebastian clenched his jaw. Gritting his teeth in frustration, he spat, “It was mere luck that kept Vivian out of harm’s way.” 
“Luck?” Sasha echoed in disbelief. “Even if Kurt hadn’t arrived, Karl could have been there to save her. Sebastian, stop trying to shoulder everything alone. It would have been impossible for anyone to have perfect control over the situation.” 
Although Sasha initially planned to comfort Sebastian, her words had the opposite effect on him. 
“I could have done it in the past,” Sebastian retorted heatedly. 
His curt reply stunned Sasha into complete silence. 
“Have you forgotten about the past? I was the one who had planned every step of our journey. From the Jadesons up until Eddie, not once did my plans go awry,” Sebastian uttered.
For a few minutes, Sasha could only stand there in silence. Although she opened her mouth to say something, nothing came out. 
She felt an icy chill skate down her spine. What is he trying to imply? 
The room became so quiet that one could hear a pin drop. Sasha felt her heart leap to her throat. 
“Are you hiding something from me?” Sebastian queried. 
“W-What?” 
“Was my brain damaged?” he continued, making sure to put a clear emphasis on every syllable. 
Even so, Sasha kept her lips sealed. 
On the second day, Vivian finally woke up. 
Since she had experienced a severe shock to her nerves, Karl called over a doctor, who gave Vivian a mild sedative to calm her down. 
As a result of the drug’s effects, Vivian fell into a peaceful slumber. 
After resting on her bed for a few more moments, she finally freshened up and changed into a fresh set of clothes. 
When Vivian emerged from her room, she immediately sensed that something was amiss. 
Quickly, she checked the room opposite hers. Much to her surprise, it was vacant. 
“Julia, where is Kurt?” she asked. 
However, Julia did not offer her a reply.
Instead, their conversation was interrupted by Karl, who strolled into the living room. 
“Good morning, Vivi,” he greeted. 
“Mr. Frost!” Vivian lit up and rushed downstairs. “You’re here too. Do you know where Kurt is? I can’t find him anywhere.” 
It was not until Vivian was in front of him that Karl sighed heavily. “He went back.” 
“Huh? Where did he go? Did he return to Atlantius?” she questioned, assuming Kurt had returned to school, but Karl shook his head. 
“No, he has returned to the country. Kurt will probably not show up for the time being. Vivi, is it all right if I assign a new guard to you?” 
The news of Kurt’s return was like a bolt out of the blue. 
Vivian, who had received this shocking news so early in the morning, felt as if her brain had short- circuited. Why is Kurt not going to show up? What does that even mean? Where did he go? 
Vivian suddenly recalled an incident that had happened when she was twelve. Similarly, Kurt had vanished for three years. His disappearance had caused her to worry endlessly. 
Vivian yelled at the top of her lungs, “No! I don’t want a new guard! I only want Kurt! Where is he? Tell me where he is right now!” 
“Vivi—” 
“You aren’t going to tell me? In that case, I’ll go and look for him myself! Even if he has returned to Elysium, I will find him and bring him back.” Vivian spun on her heel and prepared to race back to her room.
She was already planning to book a plane ticket back to the country. 
Upon seeing this, Karl stepped forward and caught her arm before she could bolt. 
“Vivian, please hear me out. The incident involving you and Kurt has made your dad furious. There’s a chance that he might be kicked out of SteelFort. Hence, Kurt decided to head there and receive the punishment for his mistakes,” Karl explained carefully. 
Finally, Karl revealed the entire truth to Vivian. Kurt had not vanished. Instead, he had returned to SteelFort. 
After Sebastian hung up the call yesterday, Kurt spent the entire night kneeling in the study. Although he had waited for the whole night, Sebastian did not call a second time. 
There were no further instructions from Sebastian as well. 
As Karl watched Kurt kneel on the floor, he wondered how the young boy felt. 
Although Karl could not place a finger on Kurt’s emotions, the latter’s pale face told him all he needed to know. Kurt’s eyes had lost all of their usual shine; he looked like a hollow and lifeless puppet now. Karl could tell that this incident had affected Kurt greatly. 
Hence, when Kurt informed Karl that he would be returning to SteelFort, the latter did not to his plans. 
Four years ago, he had also experienced a similar self-punishment back in SteelFort to regain Sebastian’s forgiveness. Thus, he had no opinion of his own. 
“How is that possible? Daddy would never kick him out!” Vivian exclaimed in disbelief as she refused to believe Karl’s words.
Karl let out a sigh. “Vivian, there is no denying that Kurt has committed a grave mistake. I’m sure you knew that Mr. Hayes allowed you to get close with Daphne because he wanted to avenge Brother Cal. But since Mr. Hayes regained consciousness only recently, he remained unaware of Daphne’s identity as an Elysium high priest. On the other hand, Kurt knew about this beforehand. Do you have any idea how dangerous the high priest’s tribe is?” 
###Chapter 1627 Nobody Realized How Kind She Was
Chapter 1627 Nobody Realized How Kind She Was
“I-I…” Colors drained from Vivian’s face as she recalled the poisonous snakes that the woman summoned last night. 
In that instant, a shiver ran down her spine. 
“You can say that you and Sam wouldn’t have made it back last night if it wasn’t for Kurt. Moreover, Sam is already one of the best fighters in SteelFort, but his performance last night was lacking. That’s why Mr. Hayes got so angry,” Karl explained to Vivian. 
However, he never told her that Kurt’s dishonesty was what foiled Sebastian’s plan. 
The reason why he did that was that he suspected Daphne to be related to Calvin’s death. 
But now, it looked like Karl had something more to worry about after finding out that Daphne was, in fact, Elysium’s high priest. She might very well be the mastermind behind all this. But what Vivian did yesterday had set them on high alert. 
Karl felt really frustrated as well. 
“No. No way. I don’t believe that Daddy will kick him out like that. Kurt didn’t do it on purpose. He already told me that Daphne was the high priest last night. It was my fault. I didn’t tell Daddy about it.” 
“What?” 
“I mean, if he’s at fault, then I am too. Mr. Frost, I beg you, please tell me which flight he’ll be on. I need to find him. I’ll take him to meet my father. I’ll beg for mercy, please?”
Vivian burst into tears as she held on to Karl’s hand and begged. 
Kurt was nothing more than one of the many bodyguards that protected her. 
However, Vivian felt so sad that she couldn’t stop the tears from running down her face. She squeezed Karl’s hand so hard that her knuckles turned white. 
Does she really care so much about a mere bodyguard? 
After all, there are so many choices in SteelFort for her to choose from. 
In the end, Karl relented and gave her Kurt’s flight number. 
Vivian immediately rushed to the airport without even changing out of her sandals. 
Kurt was at the airport at the moment. 
However, he couldn’t think straight anymore. He made his way to the airport during the wee hours mechanically and spaced out in the empty airport lounge. 
He was at a loss of what to do next. 
I should probably return to SteelFort. This might be my last chance. 
It was just like how Sebastian told him he wasn’t a good fit for SteelFort four years ago. However, Kurt managed to convince him otherwise through a cruel training process that lasted for a year. 
Will he forgive me if I do so? 
A plan formed in his mind. 
He had even forgotten about his mother and sister waiting for him back home. The only thing on his mind at the moment was to stay.
His fingers gradually curled into a fist. 
After about ten minutes, his flight started to board. 
“We’re finally boarding. I can finally go home.” 
“Yeah. You’ve been studying abroad for so long now. Are you happy that you are finally able to return home?” 
A young couple stood in front of him as he stood up. They were dressed in down jackets and wrapped in thick scarves. They look like international students from the bags they’re carrying. 
“Of course I’m happy. I get to return with you.” 
The girl beamed brightly at the boy, and he returned the smile. 
Kurt moved his gaze away and boarded the plane with a blank face. He then sat down on his designated seat and stared blankly out the window. 
Coincidentally, the young couple was sitting right in front of him. 
“How are you planning to tell my dad about us? Also, what gift did you prepare?” 
“Well… I’m still studying so I don’t have much money to buy gifts. But, I have an offer letter from a multinational company to present to him. Do you think he’ll like it?” 
The boy rummaged through his bag and fished out a document. 
The girl screamed in delight when she saw the offer letter. 
Almost everyone on board heard her screaming, including Kurt.
This must be what true happiness sounds like, studying abroad and meeting someone right. The boyfriend even prepared a precious gift for his future father-in-law to assure him of a bright future ahead. 
Kurt’s eyes dimmed as he squeezed the buckle in his hand. 
The flight attendant announced through the speakers just as he was waiting for the flight to take off. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, please be informed that there will be a few minutes delay due to a technical issue. Thank you for your kind understanding.” 
The passengers onboard gave no response since it was only for a few minutes. 
Kurt took out a pair of earbuds from his canvas bag, effectively blocking out the young couple’s conversation. 
The next time he opened his eyes again was due to a commotion. After all, he had very sharp senses as a top assassin. 
“Kurt, I finally found you.” 
A familiar voice rang out from out of the blue. 
A young girl with messy bed hair dressed in pajamas suddenly appeared in front of him. Kurt fell into a daze as he stared at her bright smile. 
Am I dreaming? 
I must be hallucinating right now. 
###Chapter 1628 Dragged Home
Chapter 1628 Dragged Home
“What happened, Kurt? Are you not happy to see me?” 
Vivian was staring at him in delight, for she had spent a lot of effort to catch up to him. 
The aircraft doors had closed by the time she arrived at the airport. Luckily for her, she recalled that the airline company might belong to the Hayeses. Hence, she called Solomon for help. 
That was why the plane was delayed for a few minutes. 
What is the meaning of this? I spent so much effort trying to locate him, but he didn’t even react. Is he so reluctant to see me? 
Vivian bit her lip as her eyes started to cloud with tears. 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
After a while, he finally came back to his senses. 
Something inside him snapped as he felt a sudden rush of blood to his head. His hands shook as he stared at the girl in front of him. 
“T-That’s not it. Why are you here?” 
“You’re asking me why I’m here? Why didn’t you tell me about this? Are you going to run away again like last time? Man up, Kurt. You can’t keep doing this, okay?” 
Vivian finally burst into tears as her walls came crumbling down.
Kurt was utterly stunned. 
It felt as if someone had punched him in the gut as he stared at the tears flowing down her face. At that moment, his mind went blank. 
They had attracted the attention of his fellow passengers on board. 
The passengers felt angry to see a girl board the plane, causing the flight to delay instead of some technical problems. 
However, they couldn’t help but start to care when they saw Vivian bawling her eyes out. 
“What happened? Why is she crying?” 
“Yeah. It breaks my heart to see those tears. Is that boy bullying her?” 
“This is absurd. How could he bully such a cute little girl?” 
The passengers on board started to side with Vivian. 
After all, Vivian was a true beauty with her big, bright, beautiful eyes, delicate facial features, and porcelain skin, making her look like a porcelain doll on display. Her beauty was so captivating that it attracted a lot of attention. 
Hence, it was almost impossible not to like her. 
The young couple sitting in front of Kurt had also noticed the commotion. They turned around and stared at Vivian as she bawled her eyes out. 
“Um… Is she here for this guy?” 
“I think so.”
The guy was also staring intently at Vivian. 
Kurt was already back to his senses at the moment. He was at a loss as he watched Vivian cry her heart out. 
“D-Don’t cry. I’m not running away.” 
“T-Then… why are you going away?” 
“I…” 
Kurt had wanted to tell her that he boarded the plane because he couldn’t come up with a better plan to beg for her father’s forgiveness. 
In the end, he flushed and kept quiet under the angry stares of the crowd. 
Vivian was stunned as he pulled her onto his lap. 
A tear rolled down her cheeks as she stared at him blankly. 
Kurt’s heart went out to her when he saw those tears. 
He quickly wrapped her up in his coat when he realized that Vivian was only dressed in pajamas. 
He then took out some tissues to wipe those tears away. 
“I’m not leaving. I just wanted… your father to forgive me.” 
“But you didn’t do it on purpose. If you’re at fault, then I am too. I didn’t tell my dad about that old hag. He should punish me too if he wants to punish you!” 
Vivian sobbed as she articulated her thoughts with a firm and confident look.
Kurt paused. 
How dumb does she have to be to even say that? 
And what did I ever do to deserve her? What did I do to deserve such treatment? Does she not blame me for everything that has happened? After all, I almost caused her a tragedy last night. 
Kurt lowered his eye lids. 
“Kurt, please, say something. Do you want to come with me to meet Daddy?” 
“What?” He lifted his head abruptly. 
“Meet your father?” 
“Yeah. Let’s meet my dad together, shall we? We’ll explain everything to him. I’m sure he won’t put all the blame on you since he’s such an understanding person. I believe he won’t make you leave SteelFort as well. Kurt, let’s go?” 
Vivian had always been protected and was always under the direction of others. It was the first time she articulated her thoughts so clearly in front of another being. 
There wasn’t a single doubt on her tear-stricken face as she spoke of her father. 
Kurt heard himself agreeing to her proposal when he saw the determined look in her eyes. 
###Chapter 1629 Presents
Chapter 1629 Presents
She’s right. How could the Uncle Sebastian I’ve always looked up to not forgive me because of this? 
He’s angry. But surely he will listen to reason. 
Shouldn’t I admit my mistakes and listen to his lectures even if he doesn’t forgive me in the end? 
I should man up and face the music. 
Kurt slowly unclenched his fists. 
After about ten minutes, Vivian finally persuaded him to meet Sebastian and returned to being her cheerful self. 
“Kurt, are you hungry?” 
“You haven’t had breakfast yet?” 
“No. I didn’t have enough time as I was chasing after you. I’m so hungry.” 
Vivian’s stomach grumbled after settling the ordeal. Her petite body was wrapped up in Kurt’s trench coat as she remained in her seat. 
Vivian stared at Kurt pitifully, rendering him speechless. She looks like a hungry little pup. 
My gosh! 
He rummaged through his canvas bag and finally came up with two pieces of chocolate.
“Have these first. I’ll get the air stewardess to bring you something to eat later.” 
“Okay. Peel the wrapper for me.” 
Vivian instructed without missing a beat as she was so used to being pampered. She then picked up Kurt’s smartphone and played with it. 
Kurt peeled the candy wrapper off without a word. 
The young couple seated in front of them had been watching throughout. The girl felt dissatisfied when she saw how Kurt was treating Vivian after she calmed down. They look so sweet. 
“I’m hungry too. I want something to eat.” 
“There’s plenty of food in front of you.” 
The boy pointed at the tray table piled up with snacks in front of her. 
However, the girl refused to listen. She wanted her boyfriend to peel the wrappers off for her. 
In the end, her boyfriend relented. 
However, he gave half of it to Vivian, who was sitting behind. 
“Little girl, are you hungry? I have some biscuits. Do you want some?” He passed the biscuits over and stared at Vivian’s face. 
She looks so beautiful, innocent, and bashful. 
Vivian was busy playing games on the phone at the moment. She looked up when she heard someone calling her. 
“Okay…”
“No need. I’ve already ordered food for her.” 
A cold voice rang out from beside her. Kurt fed her another piece of candy he found after unwrapping the candy. 
There was no room for discussion in his tone. 
Hence, Vivian apologized to the boy with the candy in her mouth. “Sorry. I don’t want it. I’ll be having my meal in a while.” 
She then proceeded to play games with Kurt once again. 
“Kurt! Kurt! Ah! Oh no! You died again! My gosh, will your ranking drop after this? Your character has died so many times now.” 
“It’s fine,” Kurt replied in an indifferent tone. 
It’s just a game. 
On the other hand, the boy withdrew his hand awkwardly while his girlfriend went green with envy. 
After two hours, the plane finally landed. The both of them then booked another trip to Miralaea at the airport. 
“Kurt, Kurt, wait for me here. I’m going to buy some things.” 
Something suddenly occurred to Vivian when she caught sight of a shop while waiting for their flight at the airport lounge. She stood up and quickly made her way there. 
Of course, Kurt would never let her go alone. 
He got up and followed her over.
Vivian went into the shop and quickly took in her surroundings. In the end, her gaze landed on a tennis racket. 
“Hello there, how much is this?” 
“Around twenty thousand. This is the latest model and comes with a sports outfit and a cap.” 
The salesperson immediately brought the tennis racquet over. 
Most of the shops in the airport sold luxury goods because passengers might want to buy gifts for their loved ones before they leave. 
But why does she need a tennis racquet? 
Kurt was puzzled. 
In the end, Vivian bought the tennis racquet and two sets of sports outfits. 
“See? These are presents for my parents.” Vivian turned to him in delight. 
“Presents?” 
Kurt was stunned. 
Vivian nodded and explained, “Yeah. My parents will be happy after seeing these presents. But I shouldn’t get something too expensive since they already have expensive stuff. My mom told me my dad recently started to play tennis, so I bought him this.” 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
“Oh right. It shouldn’t be us, but you.” 
Vivian quickly corrected herself.
For a brief moment, Kurt was at a loss for words. 
###Chapter 1630 Finally Home
Chapter 1630 Finally Home
He had never bought them presents before. 
Even though he respected them and was willing to lay down his life for them, it had never occurred to him to buy them presents. 
Since they were already filthy rich, he was worried that they might not like his presents. 
Besides that, he had no good reason to do so. 
Kurt felt a little embarrassed when Vivian insisted on buying gifts for her parents in his name. 
In the end, Kurt relented after Vivian paid for the gifts. He couldn’t bring himself to reject her when she was thoughtful enough to pick an inexpensive gift. 
The both of them boarded the plane soon after. 
It was already late when they arrived at Miralaea since it was a layover flight. Vivian was about to call Sebastian to send a car to pick them up when panic flashed across Kurt’s face. 
Vivian was a sharp one. She immediately put her phone back, walked outside, and hailed a cab. 
“Let’s go and give Daddy a surprise. Who knows, we might even reach before dinnertime.” She pulled open the car door and tried to lighten the mood. 
Kurt pursed his lips. 
He felt ashamed as Vivian had been taking care of his feelings ever since she arrived.
This is absurd! As a guy, how could I let her carry all that emotional baggage? 
Kurt entered the car without hesitation. 
After forty minutes, both of them finally saw the Seaside Villa. Kurt couldn’t help but curl his fingers up as he stared at the lights flickering in the gentle sea breeze. 
Will Uncle Sebastian be even angrier when he sees me? 
However, this time around, he didn’t run away. Instead, he carried the gifts Vivian bought and followed her into the villa. 
“Daddy! Mommy!” 
Her feminine voice rang out in the hallway as she could barely contain her excitement. Sasha and Sebastian turned to face the entrance when they heard her. 
“Vivi? Why are you here? My gosh, you should have told us you were coming. Why did you come back so suddenly?” 
Sasha spoke as she made her way toward Vivian. 
She was looking for some wine glasses in the wine cabinet when she caught sight of Vivian, someone she had never expected to see at this hour. She was so pleasantly surprised that she immediately put the wine glass down and sprinted toward her daughter. 
Vivian smiled in delight as she stared at her mother. 
“Yeah. I wanted to give you a surprise. Mommy, did you miss me?” 
“Of course!”
Sasha opened her arms and pulled Vivian into a tight hug. 
Right then, Sebastian walked over. 
However, he couldn’t allow himself to be as emotional as Sasha since he was a man. Hence, after a brief delight, his gaze landed on Kurt, who stood behind Vivian. 
“Why are you suddenly here?” 
“Uncle Sebastian, I…” 
“Daddy, we haven’t had our dinner yet. Have you eaten? I’m so hungry.” 
Vivian cut Kurt off just as he was about to speak. 
Vivian let go of Sasha, rubbed her stomach, and declared she wanted dinner. Sebastian and Kurt had no chance to speak to one another at all. 
Sasha knew something was up. Else her daughter wouldn’t show up with Kurt at this hour. Moreover, it seemed as if Vivian wasn’t planning on letting Sebastian and Kurt speak to one another on purpose. 
Ah, I get it. 
“Okay, let’s have dinner then. We can talk later after dinner.” 
She then waltzed into the kitchen and brought out the dishes. 
After about an hour, Sebastian finally had his fill. Sasha pulled Vivian, who was taking her own sweet time at the dinner table, up upon seeing that. 
“Come on, Vivi, let’s go for a walk. I ate too much.”
“But…” 
Vivian wasn’t willing to leave just yet. 
She was worried about how her father would treat Kurt after she left. 
In the end, however, Sasha managed to drag her away. 
The air became thick with tension after Sasha and Vivian left. It felt as if there was a sudden drop in temperature during summer. 
Kurt didn’t dare look Sebastian in the eye. 
He put his fork down and slowly rose from the chair. 
“Uncle Sebastian, I…” 
“I only have one question for you. Why did you hide Daphne’s real identity from me?” 
Sebastian finally spoke up in a casual tone. 
He had calmed down after contemplating the issue for the entire day. 
“I didn’t want people from Elysium to know that I’m still alive. Daphne is Elysium’s former high priest. That man ruptured her tendons and threw her into the River of Styx because she tried to help Sinai become king,” Kurt answered honestly without missing a beat. 
“Sinai? Your half-brother?” 
“Yes. Cynthia is his mother. She committed treason under the bewitchment of Daphne when I was fifteen. In the end, she lost the battle and received the death penalty. I never thought she would walk out of this alive.”
Kurt lowered his head and confessed all of his deepest darkest secrets. 
###Chapter 1631 The Shocking Secret
Chapter 1631 The Shocking Secret
Of course, Kurt did not tell Sebastian that his supposed death many years ago was related to Daphne. 
At the time, the rebel she had plotted with Cynthia failed. Before being thrown into the River of Styx, she explained to the king that she had foreseen the future where the king would die in the hands of his son and that it would be the son born at noon. 
She told him that it was why she chose to take care of Sinai instead. 
After hearing that, the king was infuriated. Not only did he order someone to sever her tendons and throw her into the River of Styx, but he also immediately arrested Kurt, who was only ten then. 
That was because Kurt was also born at noon! 
Sebastian finally had an idea of what had happened. Abruptly, he stood up from the dining table and walked over to the coffee table to pour himself a cup from the pot of coffee brewed specially for him. 
“So, you’re afraid that she’ll reveal it to Elysium after recognizing you?” 
“Yeah, Daphne is a narrow-minded and vengeful woman. She’ll find the chance to take revenge on whoever offended her. I-I still don’t have news of my mom and sister after all these years… I don’t want my identity to be exposed yet,” Kurt uttered as he held his head low. 
To his surprise, there was not much reaction from the man before him. 
“I didn’t tell you this. Your mom and sister are actually still alive.”
“What?” Kurt immediately raised his head and cast his gazes toward Sebastian. “Y-You know that they’re still alive?” 
“Yes. In fact, you aren’t the reason why I asked Karl to head to Elysium back then. It was pure coincidence that he met you. I’ve sent him there for another purpose.” 
“What is it?” 
“Do you remember your brother?” 
Sitting comfortably on the couch enjoying his coffee, the man suddenly shifted his gaze toward Kurt as he spoke. 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
Brother? Which one? 
He was slightly confused because there were way too many people he called brother and sister in the tribe. 
“W-Who are you referring to?” 
“Your aunt’s two sons. I don’t know their names while they’re at Elysium, but ever since my dad brought them back to the Hayeses, he named the older one Channing and the younger one Calvin. Calvin looks very much like Daphne’s son,” Sebastian revealed. 
After cooling himself down for a day, he realized he should not have hidden the truth from Kurt, given the latter’s capabilities and intelligence. He hid it because he didn’t want Kurt to be involved in the matter. 
But there was something he had forgotten—it was impossible not to drag Kurt into the matter since he was related to it.
The young boy was shocked! 
Calvin? Channing? 
He’s referring to the brothers that my aunt sent away even before I was born? So they were saved by the Hayeses? 
Tears began to well up in Kurt’s eyes. An indescribable feeling surged through his chest and gushed up his throat that he could not bring himself to say anything. 
He recalled the situation when he saved Vivian from the royal residence that night. She was bawling her eyes out as she told him she had followed Jason simply because of his strong resemblance to Calvin. 
So, the person she calls Brother Cal is the same person I knew? 
“It’s a pity the pair of brothers have sacrificed their lives for the Hayeses. So after I saw Jason, I’ve decided to investigate if he has anything to do with Calvin’s death.” Sebastian spoke again. 
An intense murderous vibe enveloped him when he reached the last part of his sentence. 
After a long silence, Kurt finally jolted back to his senses and found his inner self suppressing the waves of emotions that crashed against his heart like a raging storm. 
“Then… Do you mean Daphne also has something to do with Brother Cal’s death?” 
“I’ve ruled out that possibility. Calvin died in their hands during my fight against Eddie’s underlings back then. And that person was called Hubert. The secret force behind him was Alfred, who’s Eddie’s puppet.” 
Sebastian did not hide a single detail from Kurt this time.
He made a clear account of the events to the young boy in front of him. It was his way to show that he had officially treated Kurt as a member of the matter. 
Kurt was both shocked and angry after hearing those words. 
Of course, he knew who Eddie was. 
He would never forget the training and education in SteelFort after being brought to the Hayeses, even when he learned that Eddie had already atoned for his sins. And that was a history that he would remind every newcomer, including himself. 
In this case, it’s highly possible that Daphne is in cahoots with the remnants of Eddie. No, that’s not right. Things might be way worse than I’ve imagined them to be. Jason is already twenty, but Brother Cal’s death has only been eleven years. Does that mean they’ve been plotting the scheme way before Brother Cal’s death? 
###Chapter 1632 The Revelation
Chapter 1632 The Revelation
Could it be during the same time he was sent out from Elysium by Aunt? 
The equally sharp-witted Kurt seemed to have thought of that. And instantly, a storm could be seen brewing in his pair of beautiful, narrow eyes. 
“Did you remember something?” 
In truth, Sebastian had been quietly observing him and had only curiously popped the question after not getting a response from the young boy. 
“I-I… just thought about the timeline of everything that has happened. Brother Cal was only three when my aunt sent him away. At that time, Daphne was still the high priest of Elysium.” 
“And?” 
“And on the year I received the death sentence, Daphne was thrown into the River of Styx after her schemes got uncovered. Given this circumstance, how is it possible that she managed to give birth to a son five years older than me? There’s no way she could get married and start a family as the high priest of Elysium!” 
Kurt’s face became more and more pale. 
Exactly, I must be right. Based on the timeline I’ve calculated, Daphne must be carrying Jason while she was still holding onto the position of Elysium’s high priest since the latter is five years older than me. But why did no one from Elysium know about it? Moreover, how did she manage to replicate Brother Cal’s appearance and make Jason look like his duplicate?
The complicated relationships and time of events in the entire matter had only left Kurt’s head spinning. 
Fortunately, there was still the existence Sebastian. With this man’s exceeding intelligence, one could call him the nemesis of those people. 
“If I guessed correctly, she should’ve been colluding with Eddie long ago.” 
“W-What? C-Colluding…?” 
“Yeah. I’ve found out while I was in Jadeborough for the final battle with Eddie that he had two dens— one located below Aquene Temple, and the other was at the old Durant residence in Xenhall. Logically speaking, those definitely aren’t enough for someone like him who had planned such a huge scheme and stayed in the shadows for that long. So, he’d have to look for a wider location that he could have influence over. And the best option available for him was probably Elysium!” 
After calming himself down, Sebastian tried to pull his thoughts and the leads he had together and analyzed the entire incident with Kurt again. 
It was such a shocking revelation that Kurt’s jaws dropped to the ground, unable to utter a single word. 
So, that means Eddie has been colluding with Daphne long ago because he has plans to usurp Elysium as one of his territories? That’s right, Jason! Since no one in Elysium knew that the two brothers were dead, if Jason returns with that face, he’ll be able to inherit the position of Elysium’s leader. Or perhaps, more accurately, the son of the leader! 
Now that they had laid out all their available leads, Kurt could finally understand why Daphne had made sure to drag him down together after inciting Cynthia to plot a rebellion with her. 
So she did that so that my foolish dad would lose two sons in one go. Now that I see, there is probably barely anyone in Elysium who can take charge by himself.
At that point, Kurt had fully grasped the entire situation. 
As he stood frozen on the spot, his handsome face paled so much it was as white as a sheet as that unquenchable fury burned within him. 
“I-If that’s the case, then I’d have alerted them, right? I-I even let that pair of mother and son off the hook… I’m sorry, Uncle Sebastian…” 
He had finally woken up to the truth. 
Perhaps because he was still a young boy, after all, and had too little life experience, it was evident he tried to hold back his tears as he spoke. 
After encountering such a huge matter for the first time, he was overwhelmed with panic and immense guilt. 
Sebastian stood up and gave a pat on the shoulder of that boy. 
“There’s no need to worry. Now that Eddie is no longer around, all that’s left are those remnants. They might be thinking of making a comeback, but that still greatly depends on whether they can do that or not.” 
“So… what do you mean, Uncle Sebastian?” 
“If you’re willing, I’ll arrange for you to head back to Elysium right away. That way, you’ll be able to save your mom and sister. Didn’t Daphne say she’ll bring you to the River of Styx to save them?” Sebastian blurted that out of the blue. 
Again, Kurt was left dumbfounded. 
“Y-You’ve found out about it?”
“Yeah, so I’ll allow you to go if you want to. If I guessed correctly, those remnants should’ve infiltrated Elysium at this point. Devin had previously spent a long time in Jadeborough investigating Duncan’s death, yet there were no clues to the identity of the hidden powers behind him. Now that this matter has come to light, my gut feeling tells me it must be Elysium.” Sebastian nodded as he made that comment confidently. 
One might ask, did he not hurt his head? 
In truth, he did not. It was just that there were many things that he still could not fully comprehend since he was in a coma for a prolonged period. 
The three-year coma had left him disconnected from various matters. Accompanied by the lack of synchronization with Kurt, it thus resulted in loopholes in his planning the night before. 
Naturally, the plan was not as perfect. 
Hence, when Kurt heard those explanations, he could not help but submit to that man. 
With his eyes filled with admiration and enthusiasm, he fixed his eyes on Sebastian as he stepped forward. “Uncle Sebastian, I’m willing to go. As an Elysian, I’m sure I’m the perfect fit for this mission!” 
###Chapter 1633 Let Us Go Together
Chapter 1633 Let Us Go Together
“Is that so?” “Yeah. Like you’ve said, that place is, after all, my home. If I want to go back, I’ll have to work harder. Not only are there people whom I hate over there, but there are also many tribe members living there. So, Uncle Sebastian, I must return. I can’t watch my mom, sister, grandparents, and thousands and millions of lives in Elysium become the pawn of those heartless beasts without doing anything!” He put forth each word in a firm and agitated tone. 
His demeanor was a spit resemblance to someone when he was young. 
Despite that the person was forced back then, he still took the helm of the great mission to save the entire country in the end. 
Ultimately, Sebastian agreed to his request. 
Outside, the mother and daughter were chatting as they took a stroll. 
“Vivi, it seems like you treat Kurt differently from the others. You’ve even brought him to meet Daddy this time. If it were you in the past, you would never do something so bold,” Sasha remarked. 
Before Vivian even said a word, her pretty, fair cheeks turned red. 
“Mommy, I-I’m still the same… I’d also treat Mr. Frost this way. And also the others like Sam…” 
“Really?” Sasha looked at the embarrassed girl and smiled. 
She had finally realized it too.
Even though it took her a while, she finally noticed Vivian’s feelings after seeing how worried she was about Kurt. 
Indeed. I’ve married Sebastian at eighteen. Given that she’s at the age of fantasizing over love, there’s nothing weird about it. 
Despite so, Sasha recalled the scene of her dad at home after things happened between Sebastian and her. 
“Vivi, I really hope all of you little ones can grow up quickly and become adults with great capabilities. That way, Daddy won’t have to worry too much anymore.” 
“Huh?” 
Puzzled, Vivian stared intently at Sasha, who had suddenly become solemn. 
“Mommy, what do you mean? Even if we’ve grown up, Daddy would still be worried if he’s met with obstacles with his matters.” 
“That’s not it.” Sasha shook her head. “You have no idea, but after Daddy was severely injured and in a coma for three years, it has inadvertently caused many problems to other parts of his body. I don’t wish to see him exert himself anymore, especially exhausting his energy.” 
“Energy?” Vivian stopped in her tracks and turned to look at Sasha. Her expression was all serious as a sense of foreboding grew within her. 
C-Could there be something wrong with Daddy again? 
“Mommy, w-what’s wrong… with Daddy?” 
“It’s no big deal. It’s just that Daphne’s matter has given him a little setback. Now that his body is no longer comparable to the past, sometimes he’ll become frustrated and impatient when he is too deep into
his thoughts. These are all symptoms that show how badly damaged his body is.” 
Sasha revealed the truth to Vivian. 
After all, she figured that her daughter was already seventeen and was at the age where she could share the family’s load. Likewise, she would treat Matteo and Ian the same way, too. 
As soon as she finished her words, a tinge of panic and intense concern flashed across Vivian’s tiny face. 
Nonetheless, she did not behave like how she would when met with problems in the past — crying and overreacting. Instead, she stood there trying her best to suppress her emotions. 
Moments later, she clenched her fists tight and looked at Sasha with her pale face. “I got it, Mommy. I won’t make Daddy worry for me anymore in the future.” 
“Alright. Now that you guys have grown up, you need to learn how to shoulder Daddy’s worries. When you see Kurt later, discuss with him Daphne’s matter. If there’s anything, you can look for your brothers for help.” 
“All right!” At once, Vivian agreed without hesitation. 
Later, after the mother and daughter headed back to the villa, Vivian hurriedly pulled Kurt to her room after Sasha accompanied Sebastian upstairs. 
“Kurt, give me some time. I’ll get connected with Matt and Ian.” 
While Kurt was baffled, Vivian had already speedily turned on the computer. 
On the computer screen appeared both of her brothers. Matteo was drenched in sweat as he worked hard at training in the military school, while Ian looked suave while in his uniform as he worked on his research at the base.
“Matt, Ian, it’s me, Vivi! It’s been a long while!” Upon seeing her brothers, Vivian greeted them delightedly. 
Matteo reciprocated Vivian’s warmness with the same amount of chirpiness since he was naturally a cheerful person. 
He flashed a broad smile, revealing his pearly white teeth. “Hi, Vivi. You’re here too, Kurt? Hello!” 
“Hello,” Kurt politely responded. 
In contrast, Ian was much more reserved and quiet. Hence, he had only nodded his head lightly as a greeting after seeing the people on the screen. 
“What’s up?” he asked. 
“Right! Ian, I’ve got to share this with you. Kurt and I have encountered a huge incident while at Yartran…” 
The eloquent Vivian then gave an account of everything that had happened to them for the past few days in accurate detail. 
As soon as she concluded her sentence, Ian stopped what he was doing and walked up to his camera, looking grim. Likewise, Matteo leaned closer as he grabbed his shirt to wipe off the sweat droplets on his face. 
“What did Daddy say? Did he suspect that Brother Cal’s death has something to do with that woman?” Ian probed. 
It was no doubt he had inherited most of his genes from Sebastian, thus explaining why he could grasp that point within a short time.
“Yeah, and he even says that Eddie has always been in cahoots with her. He also suspects that Elysium has already become the territory of Eddie’s remnants and requested for Kurt to head there.” Vivian poured every single detail out. 
As such, even before Kurt could say anything, Matteo, who had not made any remarks since earlier, finally broke his silence. “He’s going alone? Isn’t that too risky?” 
“Exactly,” Ian chipped in. 
“In that case, should the two of us follow along?” Matteo asked. 
“Sure. Mommy has said that we should help Daddy shoulder the problems. Let’s do it together, then,” Vivian interjected. 
“Okay.” Ian agreed too. 
Kurt was dumbstruck. 
The three of them are really something! 
###Chapter 1634 Everyone Had Came
Chapter 1634 Everyone Had Came
The next day, Matteo and Ian left Miralaea. 
Since Kurt had received permission from Sebastian, he immediately contacted Daphne and decided to head back before meeting the two brothers at Yorksland then go to Elysium together. 
“Since she has allowed you to go to River of Styx to save your kins, I’m sure she already has a plan in mind. Perhaps you might be falling straight into her plot if you return,” Sebastian advised. 
“Don’t worry, Uncle Sebastian. I’ll keep in touch with you at all times. If something happens, I’ll update you immediately.” 
“That’s good.” 
Sebastian was rather satisfied with Kurt’s performance this time. 
However, that was no longer the case when he heard about how Vivian also wanted to tag along. His handsome face turned grim at once. “Why do you have to go? Do you know how dangerous that place is?” 
“Daddy, I’ll take good care of myself. Besides, we’re the cause of this problem. If I don’t go, wouldn’t that only further arouse Daphne’s suspicions? She probably still doesn’t know that you’ve found out about her relationship with Eddie, am I right? Given your capabilities, I’m sure there’s no way you’re afraid of the high priest of Elysium. On the other hand, it’ll only trigger suspicions if we don’t go.” 
This time, Vivian was more quick-witted than everyone else. 
Even Sasha was in disbelief that the young girl had said those words.
Oh gosh! Is she still that silly daughter of mine? How did she suddenly become so witty? I’ve never even thought about that! 
For a moment, Sasha could not bring herself to say anything. 
Similarly, Sebastian was stunned. 
Despite so, he had come to terms relatively quickly as he figured that there was no way his daughter would pale in any way. In truth, Sasha was not exactly stupid either. It was possibly because she had always been well-pampered that there was not a need for her to rack her brains or think of a solution. 
In the end, Sebastian still agreed to Vivian’s request. 
To prevent accidents, he had assigned four experts from SteelFort to protect Vivian and Kurt in the dark. Before their departure. He also made Sasha pass Vivian that silver needle the former had always kept close to her at all times. 
“Mommy, what is…” 
“Keep it with you for self-defense. I’ll teach you where some of the fatal acupoints are,” Sasha replied. 
The night before Vivian’s departure, Sasha stayed up and meticulously taught her more skills. 
The next morning, Vivian and Kurt finally set off. 
“Kurt, I’ve gotten in touch with my brothers earlier. They said we should split up and act separately to avoid letting Daphne discover us. So they’ll be going their way while we go ours.” 
Watching how excited Vivian was, Kurt was hesitant again whether he should let Sebastian know about it. 
We’re going all out this time. What if anything happens to her? Then her parents…
But just as he was about to say something, his smartphone rang. 
Lowering his head to reach for his phone, he saw a shocking sight. The display turned pitch black abruptly, and after it restarted, a page without any links appeared on the screen. 
A familiar voice of a boy sounded from the phone. 
“Kurt, this will be our way of communication from now on. But I’d suggest that you forgo your smartphone upon arrival at Yorksland, and instead, just get yourself a random, simple electronic device.” 
It took Kurt a few seconds before he recovered from his trance and heard himself gulp. 
“Get a random electronic device? A television remote control is electronic too…” 
“I won’t disagree if you don’t think it’s bizarre to bring something like that with you. Anyway, that is only my suggestion. Also, I’ve gotten the whereabouts of the two of you on my smartphone. Take good care of Vivi.” As soon as Ian finished speaking, he hung up the call. 
Kurt’s face twitched a little. 
On the contrary, Vivian reacted normally after hearing those words. After ruffling through her hair to find no hair clips, she touched her ears. 
“Hehe. I can use my earrings to get in contact with Matt and Ian.” 
How unbelievable! 
Later, the two board the plane. 
By the time they arrived at Yorksland, it was almost noon. As they had to rush over to meet Daphne, Kurt and Vivian could only leave the airport while suppressing their hunger.
About another hour later, the two finally saw Daphne, who had arrived earlier. 
Standing beside her was her son, Jason. 
“Y-You actually brought him with you?” 
At the sight of Jason, who was a carbon copy of Calvin, Vivian’s pretty face had astonishment written all over it. 
Kurt’s expression was nowhere better. 
Upon hearing the question the two of them asked, Daphne, dressed in a black dress and had raunchy make-up on, put on an enchanting smile on her face. 
“I’m sorry, Princess. The king has begun to suspect our identities after that night. I can’t allow anything bad to happen to my precious son when I’m not around, so I can only bring him along.” 
“B-But—” 
“That’s enough. Let’s go grab something to eat before heading to the train station,” Kurt quickly interrupted Vivian to get back on track to the important matter they had on hand. 
That snapped her out of her curiosity, and only then did she stop probing. 
###Chapter 1635 Sweet
Chapter 1635 Sweet
Before Kurt pulled her away, Vivian turned back and threw Daphne and Jason a murderous glare one more time. 
The mother appeared unaffected, but beside her, the son’s face turned pale at that sight. 
His face turned even more ashen when he saw how Vivian was holding hands with Kurt as they walked away. 
“What are you looking at? Don’t tell me you’ve fallen in love with her after she pestered you for two days?” 
Jason seemed a little awkward as he withdrew his gaze. 
“Of course not!” 
“Good. Let me tell you, that girl isn’t someone you should think about or covet. You have to stay as far as you can away from her. Only then will your life not be in any danger. Understand?” Daphne warned again. 
Jason did not say anything after. 
Ten minutes later, Vivian sat down at a table in a local restaurant. Perhaps because she was starving, every dish on the menu made her drool. Nevertheless, she only ordered two simple dishes despite her love for food since she remembered that they still had an important task. 
“Is that enough?”
“Yeah.” 
“Great. I’ll take you to try even more delicious food when we arrive at Elysium,” Kurt calmly and gently whispered those words into her ears as he took the menu from her. 
Hearing that, Vivian was bursting with joy. 
“Okay! I knew you’re the best.” 
Oh gosh… 
The mother and son, who just sat down opposite them, had happened to see the scene. While Daphne gave no response, Jason secretly clenched his fists tight. 
He recalled how Vivian tried to coax him the other day at school. She had used the same technique, albeit she was probably much more schemeful then. 
In comparison, her smile was so bright and cheery while she had her hands wrapped around Kurt’s arm at this point. 
Jason lowered his head as he picked up the glass of water in front of him. 
“By the way, we should plan what actions to take upon arrival at Elysium now. It won’t be convenient when it gets too crowded on the train later.” Daphne abruptly brought this up after the thought came to her mind. 
Kurt nodded in acknowledgment, prepared to listen attentively to her. 
“I think we should split into two groups upon arrival at Elysium. Everybody recognizes me there; things won’t look good if my identity is busted. On the other hand, you’ve left Elysium since ten. I’m sure your looks have changed substantially since then. There won’t be too much of a problem even if you step in there openly.”
With that said, Daphne took out a map and showed Kurt and Vivian the two routes she had planned. 
As Vivian did not have a clear grasp of Elysium’s terrains, she could only understand the basics of the routes — one where they had to shuttle amid mountains and forests and the other where they would take a direct path to enter the tribe. 
So we should take the mountain path? 
“You make sense. We shall do that then.” In the meantime, Kurt had already agreed to the plan readily after taking a quick glance at the map. 
Vivian, nonetheless, was on pins and needles. 
That woman is so evil. Will she have something wicked up her sleeves? What if she snitches on us? Won’t Kurt and I get caught immediately upon entering the tribe? 
Right then, a voice rang out next to her ear. 
“He’s deliberately doing that right now. If Daddy’s conjecture is correct, she’s probably suggesting to split up so that she can check on the remaining members they have hidden in Elysium all these years.” 
“Yeah, Ian is making a lot of sense. So the best solution now is not to alert the other party. Vivi, don’t disturb Kurt. Let him do all the planning.” 
Listening to Matteo and Ian’s discussion, Vivian could only stay silent. 
After finishing their meals, the four then prepared to embark on their journey. 
This round, because Elysium was an underdeveloped place, they only had trains as their only mode of transportation.
Rumor has it that there’s a need to walk a distance after alighting the train to arrive at the location. What is that place exactly? 
Nonetheless, Vivian followed behind Kurt and boarded the train. 
As soon as she boarded the train, she saw how there were only hard and stiff seats in the carriages that reeked of smoke and a pungent smell of smelly socks. And perhaps because she was too used to the superior standard of living she had always led, she could not hold herself back and immediately retched. 
“Ugh—” 
Hearing those retching sounds, Jason, who was walking in front with the others, turned around and instinctively fished out a bottle of portable perfume he had brought along and wanted to pass to her. 
“I have this—” 
“Put this on. There’s a scented pocket inside too. And here’s two mint candies; open your mouth.” 
Before Jason could complete his sentence, Kurt took out a pastel pink mask with cartoon characters printed. On the other hand, he was holding onto two candies. 
Following Kurt’s instructions, Vivian opened her mouth obediently. 
Kurt unwrapped one of the mint candy with his slender fingers and put it into her mouth. 
Jason impassively withdrew his gaze and threw the perfume into the trash bag that the cleaner on the train was holding. 
###Chapter 1636 Are You Tired Of Living
Chapter 1636 Are You Tired Of Living
“This smells amazing! How did you manage to include a scented pocket in it? Did you sew it by yourself? Wow, Kurt, you’re good at needlework too?” 
Vivian’s exclamations filled the entire carriage. 
Kurt quickly retracted his hand. 
“N-No…” 
“Huh?” 
“Your mom made it,” he coldly uttered and pulled her back to the seats. 
“Vivi, are you a foolish girl? Which boy would like others to know that he’s good at needlework?” questioned Matteo. 
“When is she not stupid?” Ian also chimed in. 
Vivian was left speechless. 
That’s too much! Those two bullies. Aren’t they afraid that I’ll remove the communication device? 
Matteo and Ian’s mockery had only left Vivian on the brink of insanity. 
Nevertheless, she knew that Kurt had sewn that mask. Grabbing onto his arm tightly, she felt a sweet sensation in her heart. 
I must cherish it well.
As they still had a two-hour ride, coupled with the fact that she had woken up too early that morning, Vivian eventually fell asleep on the young boy’s shoulders as soon as they sat down on their seats. 
That lasted till a chilly breeze swept past her face, waking her up. 
“Kurt…” Opening her eyes, she instinctively called his name out. 
At that point, she realized that the young boy was no longer sitting beside her. Additionally, Daphne and Jason, who had sat opposite them, had disappeared within sight, too. 
“Kurt? Where are you, Kurt?” 
At once, she sprang up from her seat. 
Where did they go? Why did they disappear all of a sudden? Did Kurt notice something is amiss? 
Anxious, She left her seat and walked her way through the carriage despite the bumpy train ride. She wanted to check the washroom to see if they were there. 
However, she was left disappointed since that was not the case. 
Not only did she not see their presence around that area, but it was the same case on the other side of the train. She also tried asking around to see if anyone had noticed them but to no avail. 
How could this happen? What exactly happened? 
Panic overwhelmed her. When her brothers came to her mind, she instinctively touched her ear as she wanted to contact them. 
But at that point, a revelation dawned on her.
Something’s not right. Why did no one on this train move? Even though they’re at their seats, some busily chatting away while others are dozing off, they seem glued to the spot. Any normal being should have some movement, isn’t that so? Especially when these train seats aren’t comfortable at all. 
As she held her breath and quietly observed those people around her in detail, she felt her heart pounding so quickly it was as though about to leap out of her chest. 
“Mister, do you happened to see my friend?” 
“No.” 
“I’ll head over to the other side to look for him. Can you let my friend know that I’m looking for him if you see him later?” 
“No.” 
The middle-aged man who kept that warm smile on his face had given her the same answer twice. 
When Vivian processed his answer, an intense chill ran through her bones, creeping her out to an extent where she was on the verge of bursting into tears. Without hesitation, she staggered a few steps back. 
“Why are things like this? What’s going on here?” 
Immense fear engulfed her. 
At that moment, she had a strong desire to call her family members to share the horrifying incident she was experiencing and ask them for help. 
Surprisingly, after gritting her teeth and pressing through a mere moment of terror, she found herself in a more tranquil state.
Subsequently, she swept her tear-filled eyes around her surroundings, lifted her arm, slowly put it toward her mouth, and bit down forcefully. 
As expected, a few seconds passed, and there was no pain at all. 
As though she was in a dream, she felt nothing at all. 
That’s right. This is a dream, for sure. Or perhaps the better way to put it is that I got hypnotized. 
Having watched and learned from Sasha since she was a child, Vivian’s medical knowledge had expanded over time, and hence she understood things right away after doing that action. 
Heaving a long sigh of relief, she felt her racing heart calm down so much that she was no longer as horrified. 
It must be the doings of that old hag! But why would she use hypnosis on me? 
Racking her brain and trying to figure out the exact rationale, she recalled how she had frantically wanted to contact Matteo and Ian for help when she first woke up earlier. 
Oh yes! It must be this! That old hag must’ve wanted to find out how many people are secretly following behind Kurt and me this time! She knew she couldn’t, and neither does she dare to hypnotize Kurt since he’s from Elysium and is part of the royalty too. That’s why she took action on me instead. Phew! That’s close! I almost blew Matt and Ian’s cover just now. 
Realizing that had left Vivian feeling irked by Daphne’s actions so much that she wanted to kick the woman hard. 
So what should I do from now? She probably won’t let me wake up unless she gets what she wants. 
Vivian began to fall deep into thought.
Concurrently, in reality, Kurt finally sensed that something was off. 
Next to him, Vivian was so soundly asleep that she did not react even when he gave her a nudge. 
What’s wrong with her? 
Narrowing his eyes, he lightly placed two of his fingers on her pulse. In no time, a cold aura emanated from his body, and his eyes had a murderous glint to them as he threw daggers at the woman before him. 
“Are you tired of living?” 
“What are you talking about?” 
“I’ll grant your wish, then!” 
As soon as his words fell, Kurt stretched open his other hand. Daphne and Jason saw a red line appearing on his fair-skinned palm, and in the next second, a sharp, piercing sound rang out as he clenched his fingers tight. 
Hiss! 
Without her guards up, Daphne felt an insurmountable pressure mounting on her chest area by an invisible threat. The pain was so excruciating she believed she would be reduced to bits the next second. 
“W-When did you do it?” 
“What do you think?” 
Aggression was written all over Kurt’s moving eyes as a terrifying and murderous intent enveloped the atmosphere around him.
He was about to crush the red line to bits! 
###Chapter 1637 Am I Smart
Chapter 1637 Am I Smart
Upon seeing the scene, Daphne was so terrified that she screamed, “No!” 
It was a poisonous worm. 
She did not expect the young man to know that. After all, he had been away from Elysium for five years. How does he know how to raise the worms? 
Even people from Elysium did not necessarily possess that talent. Other than the high priests themselves, not many people could take care of those worms and keep them alive. 
“D-Don’t touch them. I will wake her up now.” 
Daphne finally admitted defeat. 
Afterward, she took out a bell and shook it in front of Vivian, who still had her eyes shut. 
The next instant, Kurt saw her lush eyelashes flickering. 
“Vivi? Are you okay?” 
“Kurt… A-Am I finally back?” 
Vivian opened her eyes, and when they landed on the youth standing before her, she heaved a sigh of relief. 
Kurt immediately held her ice-cold hands and pulled her trembling body in for a hug. 
“You’re back. Are you feeling all right?”
“I’m fine.” 
Vivian did not feel like talking at that moment. She buried her ashen face in his warm chest and listened to his heartbeat, which seemed to calm her down. 
Earlier on, in her dreams, she had been frightened. 
When Kurt saw that, he tightened his embrace. 
Daphne said, “S-Since I have already woken her up, can you release that poisonous worm now?” 
Seeing that Vivian had become conscious, that woman started to make her demands, albeit fearfully. She wanted them to release the worm that was controlling her. 
However, Kurt gave a devilish smile. 
“Release it? You are such a sinister person. Who’s to say there won’t be another incident like this?” 
“No, there won’t be. I promise you. It won’t happen again,” the woman swore, agitated. 
The way Kurt was looking at her sent a chill down her spine. Gradually, he released the red string in his hand, causing Daphne to let out a relieved sigh. 
Just when she thought she had fooled him, something flew in front of her all of a sudden. 
“Ah!” 
A scream filled the entire place. 
Her son, who was next to her, was covering his eyes. 
Seeing that, Daphne became furious and questioned him, “What did you do? What went into my son’s eyes?”
The young man answered indifferently, “Nothing. Just an insect egg. Aren’t you an expert in this area? Carmine Archelaus reproduces very quickly. The moment it appears, it will start to lay eggs.” 
“You!” 
She was so enraged that she trembled all over. 
Carmine Archelaus was a top-notch worm that was cultivated and bred by the high priests. It possessed a bright red color. 
Once it entered a body, it would take control over the host in no time at all. 
That was why they gave the bug its name, Carmine Archelaus. 
Daphne never expected him to learn about the worms. Where did he learn it from? Back when he was “executed,” he was only ten years of age! 
Despite being mad, Daphne dared not move an inch at all. 
She knew very well that once the worm had entered her son’s eyes, his life was being controlled by that bastard. 
“What exactly do you want?” 
“Nothing much. I just want you to behave yourself. Let me tell you something. From now till the time I rescue my mom and sister, you better behave yourself. If you try to do any funny businesses, I will kill your son first and deal with you later!” 
Even though he seemed young and inexperienced, the hostility and bloodthirsty look in his eyes belied his youth the moment he revealed his true intention.
Because of that, Daphne trembled. 
All of a sudden, he reminded her of someone else. 
Back then, there was someone as young as him who had wiped out all of them in a raging tide. 
In the end, she decided to do as she was told. 
As for Vivian, two hours after alighting from the train, she grabbed Kurt’s hand and started to recount her dream. 
“After she hypnotized me, she asked if we have brought others with us. I nearly divulged the way we use to contact Matt and Ian.” 
As she was sharing what had happened, her face was drained of color. 
The moment Kurt heard that, his expression changed. 
“Then, did you tell her?” 
“Definitely not. Toward the end of my dream, I phoned you, Daddy, and Mommy too. What do you think? Am I smart?” 
Now that she was back to her usual self, a hint of mischief appeared in her dark, clear eyes. 
In an instant, Kurt felt relieved. 
Looking at her smug face, he smiled an approving smile despite his reserved self. 
“Yes, you’re brilliant.” 
“Hehe!”
After being praised, Vivian became even happier. 
###Chapter 1638 Return
Chapter 1638 Return
The four of them took the trishaw to get to their destination. This time around, that old woman, Daphne, did not cause any more trouble. 
The place was indeed isolated from the world. 
As they left the bustling city, Vivian could see the skyscrapers disappearing and being replaced by mud houses that she had never seen before. At some point, the road was no longer suitable for vehicles, so they had to walk on foot. 
However, the scenery was breathtaking. 
Suddenly, the mountain appeared in front of them. It looked like an extremely beautiful landscape painting. Once they entered the area, the surroundings became so quiet that all they could hear was the chirping of the birds. 
“What do you think? Our place is an eye-opener for you, isn’t it? It’s as if you have entered a primitive society.” 
Vivian was so engrossed in her surroundings. 
Daphne, who had been walking behind them and looking around at the new environment, let out a snort. 
Hearing that, Vivian turned her head. 
Before she could say anything, she noticed a wistful look flash across Kurt’s face, who was walking next to her.
“Not really. The living standard here may be lower, but the scenery is wonderful. You should have helped improved this area before, Daphne. No matter what, you are now the queen consort of Yartran. With the wealth and power that you possess, you should be able to rebuild your hometown. I’m sure it won’t be too much of an issue for you.” 
Much to everyone’s surprise, Vivian was not disgusted by this place. 
On the contrary, she began to condemn that woman. 
Vivian felt she should do something for her hometown now that she was doing well. 
Kurt’s eyes twitched right there and then. 
As for Daphne, her face had turned green with rage. 
I can’t wait to tear up that mouth of hers! 
Not wanting to be with the two anymore, she went in with her son. 
When Kurt saw that, he held on to Vivian and continued strolling ahead. 
“Once we get to the tribe, let’s go over to Grandma’s house first.” 
“Huh?” 
Upon hearing that, Vivian widened her eyes in shock. 
This soon? I’m not ready yet. 
“W-Why are we going to your grandma’s house first? Didn’t you say that given your current identity, it’s better not to be seen by the people here?”
“Yes. We are going to her place just to get two sets of tribal clothing. In Elysium, they will get suspicious when strangers enter regardless of your intentions. You will be taken in for questioning,” Kurt explained briefly. 
As soon as his words fell, Vivian’s face fell instantly. 
So, we are going there to have a change of clothes. 
She was a little disappointed. 
However, Vivian remembered he had no other family members. The idea of her meeting his only family member made her happy again. 
Not long after, they arrived at a junction. According to their original plan, Daphne and her son went into the mountain. As for Vivian, she followed Kurt into the tribe and came to the prominent and mysterious tribal ground of Yorksland. 
“Sire, are you chopping wood?” 
It was Vivian’s first time hearing Kurt speak in the local language. They passed a skinny elderly man chopping wood along the roadside. 
Isn’t he a little too old to be doing such a chore? 
Vivian looked on in surprise and was upset about it. 
“Yes, I’m chopping wood. Young chap, where are you from?” 
When the old man heard the greeting, he looked up at Kurt slowly. 
Sire… young chap… These must be their local way of greetings.
Vivian could not understand what they were saying. As the conversation went on, all she could do was stand by the side and looked on in a daze. 
Kurt asked, “We… We were at the market. It’s in the ditch over there. Sire, can we get a drink from you?” 
His eyes were riveted on that old man. 
Although he tried hard to conceal it, the bitterness and tremor in his voice were still visible if one tried hard enough to take note. 
The elderly man nodded. 
The tribal people in Elysium were very kind in reality. If someone needed help, they would lend a helping hand. 
They were simple and honest people. 
It was the royal family of Elysium and their lackeys in the tribe who were doing evil deeds. 
Kurt helped the old man carry the wood back to his house. 
Vivian followed along. 
“Kurt, what did you say just now? I thought you wanted to go to your grandpa’s house? Why are you helping this old man with his firewood?” 
“He’s my grandpa,” he informed. 
Vivian did not expect that bitter response from the young man. 
Her eyes widened in shock.
That elderly man is his grandpa? Then, why doesn’t his grandpa recognize him? 
She was dumbfounded and started to pay more attention to the hunchbacked old man walking with a stick. 
There was nothing unusual about him. As they were walking, he was chatting happily with them. 
“Young chap, do you belong to that family over in the ditch?” 
“That’s Gary’s family.” 
“I see. Did you study abroad, then? Did you just come back? Are you having your vacation?” queried the elderly man. 
Walking behind his grandfather, Kurt hummed a response. 
###Chapter 1639 Beyond Recognition
Chapter 1639 Beyond Recognition
Kurt was very familiar with that tribe. In fact, if Karl was there, he would have been very surprised. 
After all, he had not been back for the past five years, but he knew the people here so well, including all the little things about the tribe. 
In truth, he had been keeping an eye on things all the while. 
Even though he hated this place, he had relatives there, so he had no choice but to keep an eye on the ongoing around there. After all, that was the only thing he cared about in the world. 
Kurt followed his grandfather to his house. 
To his surprise and chagrin, all he could see, after five years of absence, was a dilapidated hut made of hay. 
The hut was in a really terrible state. It was propped up by a few swaying blocks of wood, and the top was layered with rotten and wet straw. At any minute, the hut could topple over! 
What has happened? Did that old fart fail to take care of them? He took both their daughters by force, but he didn’t do anything wrong. All he did was protect his son. Why does the b*stard have to do this to them? 
Anger rose within Kurt that even his eyes had turned red. 
“Kurt! Kurt! Calm yourself down!” 
Thankfully, Vivian was by his side.
The calm and smart Vivian was observing the entire scene. She knew he was infuriated, so she went up to hold his fist and calm him down. 
Now was not the time to be rash. 
Otherwise, someone might discover them. 
The two of them had stopped for quite a while, so the old man walking in front of them stopped and turned around. 
“What’s wrong? Is it too heavy for you? Put it down, then. Let me carry it.” 
It was only then Kurt regained his senses. 
Calming himself down, he unclenched his fists. 
“No, it’s fine. Let’s go.” 
He was so upset that he did not feel like talking anymore. 
Vivian was heartbroken to see him like that. 
Being the bright girl she was, Vivian ran up to the old man and held on to his arm. 
“Let’s go, Grandpa. Let me help you.” 
“Okay.” 
She did not expect the old man to understand a foreign language. 
Soon, all three of them arrived at the hut with the firewood.
They had initially thought that was the worst they had seen. However, when Vivian and Kurt entered the hut, they saw an equally thin old woman lying on the only bed in the hut. She was so skinny that she resembled a skeleton. 
The bed that she was lying on was filthy and thin. 
To be honest, Vivian, who had come from a wealthy background, had never seen anything like that before. 
“You’re back?” 
“Yes, I’m back. Thanks to this young chap whom I have met along the way. He helped me carry the firewood back.” 
The old man brought Vivian and Kurt in. 
As he was replying to his wife, he went over to check on her. 
There’s someone who is willing to help us? 
When the elderly woman heard that, she found it unbelievable and struggled to lift her head to take a look at the two kind souls. 
When the two saw her sickly face, Vivian got so scared that she instinctively hid behind Kurt. 
As for the latter, his fists balled up again. 
It was understandable that Vivian was afraid. 
From the moment she was born, she had lived a life of comfort. Under the protection of her family, everything and everyone that she had come into contact with was wonderful. Hence, the current scene
was too much for her. 
“Kurt, once we settle our business, let’s get your grandparents out of here so that they can be treated. We’ll let them stay in the best house. What do you think?” 
Upon hearing her suggestion, Kurt shuddered. 
She wants to take Grandpa and Grandma for treatment and let them stay in a big house? 
Turning his head slowly, he looked at Vivian, who was hiding behind him. In that instant, all of his anger and hatred dissipated just like that. 
That’s right. She has always been so kind and innocent. Even when she becomes frightened after seeing all this, her first thought is to ensure their comfort and make sure they are well taken care of. 
At the thought of that, Kurt began to calm down gradually. 
“Where are they from? I don’t want them to get into trouble if the chief sees them.” 
The chief was the leader of all the families in the tribe. 
They were also the lowest-ranked lackeys of the Elysium royalty. 
So, they are still being watched all this while? After so many years, they are still being ostracized by the tribe? 
A menacing look appeared in Kurt’s eyes. 
However, his grandfather shook his head so as not to worry his wife. 
###Chapter 1640 Blast From The Past
Chapter 1640 Blast From The Past
“Don’t worry. They’re here to ask for some water,” Kristoff, the elderly man, explained. “I’ll pour some for them right now. Right, Darling, where was the honey I collected in the mountains? Where did we keep it?” 
“It’s in the cabinet,” came Beatrice’s, the elderly woman, weak reply. She pointed at a rickety cabinet in their rundown abode. 
Several minutes later, Kristoff returned to Vivian and Kurt, serving them two bowls of water that had been heavily sweetened with wild honey. 
“Please enjoy. You should leave once you’ve quenched your thirst.” 
Kurt stared at the proffered bowl in silence. 
Vivian hastily received the bowl on his behalf and thanked the old man, “All right. Thank you so much.” 
She began gulping the honeyed water with gusto as Kurt stared at her in shock. 
She grew up on the finest delicacies in the world, using utensils that cost some families their entire yearly salary, not to mention she’s a borderline neat freak, too. How did she bring herself to drink out of that old, broken bowl? 
Kurt was still stunned as Kristoff asked, “Why aren’t you drinking, young chap? Are you worried about the honey? Well, not to worry. It’s clean; I harvested it from the mountains myself.” 
“No, no. I wasn’t thinking that all,” Kurt protested hastily before lowering his head.
He gobbled the bowl of honeyed water in an instant. 
Meanwhile, Vivian smacked her lips and exclaimed, “It’s so sweet!” 
“Okay, you should head back now,” Kristoff urged. “Your mother will be worried if you’re gone for too long.” 
Kurt was well aware that Kristoff’s insistence on their departure was rooted in concern. Like Beatrice had said earlier, an association with the elderly couple could land Kurt and Vivian in trouble with the surveillance party. 
He pursed his lips in thought before asking, “Sire, may I borrow two sets of clothes from you?” Kurt’s ears reddened as he introduced Vivian with a stammer, “This girl is m-my younger sister, and I’m bringing her home for the first time. I’m trying to keep her visit under the radar for now.” 
Vivian was understandably confused by his introduction. 
Younger sister? 
Her confusion worked in Kurt’s favor. 
Kristoff understood the teen immediately. Smiling knowingly, he responded, “Of course! I’m afraid we do not have much to offer, though. I hope you wouldn’t mind some dated clothes.” 
“That’s fine,” Kurt reassured him. 
With that, Kristoff disappeared behind a makeshift screen made from floral fabrics. He rummaged in a wooden chest before returning to Kurt and Vivian with some clothes in hand. 
He offered the clothes to them and elaborated, “Here. My daughter used to wear these. It’s a little old, but it’s still in good shape. Oh, and my son used to wear this. I’m sure you’ll fit in these, young chap. You can have all of these if you don’t mind their age.”
Lowering his head, Kurt stared at the clothes. He could not repress the shudder that traveled through his body. 
Daughter? Son? He’s talking about Mom and my missing uncle. I can’t believe my grandparents have kept their belongings all this while. 
With that thought in mind, he took the clothes with shaky hands. 
Sensing that something was off, Vivian approached Kurt and asked gently, “What’s wrong? Are you okay?” 
“N-Nothing,” Kurt stammered, lifting his head to stare at Vivian with wet eyes. 
“Then wha—” 
“Do you want to wear this? It’s a little old,” Kurt barreled right over her question and changed the topic. 
Hearing his question, Vivian was flabbergasted. 
Why wouldn’t I wear this? How can I afford to be picky at a time like this? 
Taking the clothes, she uttered, “Of course. Um, I don’t know how to put these on, though. D-Do you?” 
Kurt was speechless, though Beatrice quickly came to his rescue. 
Both of them successfully changed about fifteen minutes later. With Beatrice’s help, Vivian had transformed into a young lady of Elysium. 
“Beautiful.” Beatrice sighed from where she sat on the bed. Her eyes were wet with tears as memories of her daughter in the same outfit flooded her mind. 
Kurt remained silent for fear of exposing his true emotions.
Right before they left, Kurt took some money from his pocket and handed it to Kristoff. 
“Thank you, Sire.” 
Kristoff hastily rejected his gift, “There’s no need for social niceties. It’s just a pair of old clothes.” 
Ignoring his protests, Kurt stuffed the money in Kristoff’s hand and sprinted out of the house with Vivian, disappearing within seconds. 
Kristoff sighed to himself at their gesture. 
The elderly couple had been the subject of scorn and prejudice in their tribe for years, and few people had shown them even a fraction of the kindness accorded by Kurt and Vivian. 
Where did these young people come from? 
Kristoff’s mind continued to be on their unexpected guests as he trudged into the hut. 
To his surprise, Beatrice was still sitting up in bed, staring intently at a comb in her hands. 
###Chapter 1641
Chapter 1641 
"What is it? What are you looking at?" he queried. 
Beatrice replied tearfully, "Do you remember how that young chap did his younger sister's hair?" 
His wife's words threw him for a loop. 
What hair? Kristoff had been too busy hunting for a bandana for Kurt's hair to pay attention to his female companion. 
"What hair? I wasn't paying attention" 
Beatrice gazed at the comb in her hands and sobbed, "She wore a Faire Coiffure.Our darling Pearl used to wear her hair like that all the time" 
Pearl Calyette was none other than Kurt's mother. 
Along with her sister, Ruby, the Calyette sisters were nicknamed the Jewels of Elysium thanks to their striking beauty. 
They were both strong-armed into the palace later on. 
Before becoming a member of Elysium royalty, Pearl's favorite pastime was embroidery. 
Faire Coiffure was an intricate updo that Pearl had invented using only a single embroidered ribbon. 
Back then, all the women in the Elysium tribe had fallen over themselves trying to recreate the updo. 
However, none had ever come close to imitating the intricacy of Pearl's art. 
Beatrice was thus dumbfounded when Kurt successfully combed Vivian's hair into a proper Faire Coiffure.
Her eyes widened in realization as she continued staring at the comb, and her chest began to heave. 
Meanwhile, Kurt was leading Vivian toward the core zone of the tribe. 
His gaze ahead grew alert as he suddenly asked Vivian, "Have your brothers contacted you?" 
Vivian jolted in realization before rummaging for the earring she had kept with her old clothes. 
She wailed, "I didn't know you'd ask me to change.This earring will be too obvious with my outfit.What should we do about the earpiece? How should I wear it?" 
Vivian felt lost again. 
Feeling resigned, Kurt took the earring from Vivian and removed the bead containing the earpiece.He then attached the bead to the silver earring Vivian was now wearing, which used to belong to his mother. 
"There” he uttered. 
Vivian praised his quick thinking, "You're a genius Kurt!" 
She followed it up with a bright smile. 
Kurt merely replied, "You should get in touch with your brothers." 
"Okay." 
Vivian focused her attention back on the task at hand and activated the earpiece.She asked, "Matt, lan, where are you? Kurt and I have arrived in Elysium and changed into their local costumes" 
"Oh, we didn't go in."
The earpiece crackled with Matteo's reply. 
What? They didn't come in? Vivian's eyes widened in shock as she yelped, "Matt, w-why didn't you come in? Are you not coming anymore?" 
"No, that's not it.lan and I had a discussion and agreed it would be unwise to infiltrate the tribe in the same manner as you and Kurt.Once they see through one of our disguises, they'd sniff out the rest of us in no time.That's why we thought of another plan" Matteo explained. 
"What plan?" Matteo launched into a lengthy explanation. 
"We'll enter Elysium normally, like everyone else.We've called Mr.Cooper about our plans, and he has arranged for us to meet with Mrs.Cooper.She'll bring us to Yorksland and have one of the authorities escort us to Elysium" 
Vivian was so awestruck she almost fell to her knees in worship of their ingenuity. 
"Kurt, my brothers are so smart!" she lamented. 
"Why didn't we think of a plan as good as theirs? Ugh, stupid brain" Vivian smacked her head dejectedly as Kurt stared on, speechless. 
Though he had the strongest urge to smack some sense into her brain, he controlled himself and led her deeper toward the core zone. 
Our brains have nothing to do with this.We came in with that mother-and-son pair.We couldn't possibly saunter up to the Yorksland authorities and demand escorts for them as well. 
Kurt grew distressed when he realized they had spent more time than anticipated. 
Quickening his pace, he dragged Vivian along with him.
He hoped they had not kept the mother and son waiting long at the mouth of the River of Styx. 
Suddenly, just as they were about to turn down the path leading to the River of Styx, a tribe member emerged before them, halting their progress.He interrogated, "Where are you two going? You can't enter this place." 
Vivian jumped in shock, while Kurt narrowed his eyes at the man. 
"Why can't we go in?" Kurt countered. 
"Wasn't it allowed in the past?" 
"The past?" 
The tribe member appraised Kurt thoughtfully before adding, "How long ago was that? How did you know about this? Where are you from? What are your motives? To infiltrate our tribe?" 
Kurt's simple question had ignited the man’s suspicion and hostility toward them. 
Even though Vivian did not understand the man, she could tell from his fierce expression and the crowding tribe members that they were in trouble. 
Frightened, she gripped Kurt's hand tightly and hid behind him. 
While Kurt struggled to think of a reply, a girl's voice rang out behind him, interrupting the tension of the situation. 
"Uncle, you're here.Aunt says the food is ready." 
The voice sounded unusually familiar, causing Kurt and Vivian to turn around in unison. 
They were surprised to see a familiar face in Elysium.
"Lucy?" they exclaimed.
###Chapter 1642
Chapter 1642 
Lucy! She was the girl of the indigenous people who took Vivian and the rest to the subterranean river to search for the black stone back then at Aquene Temple. 
She had even stayed with them at Oceanic Estate for a while. 
However, she returned to her village when it was time for Vivian, Matteo, and lan to go to school. 
Why is she here?How is she related to Elysium? Vivian widened her eyes in disbelief. 
As for Kurt, his gaze darkened when he saw the girl, and a cold glint flashed past his eyes. 
Lucy was at a loss for words. 
"Lucy, what are you looking at? Aren't we going back to eat? Why are you still standing there?" the middle-aged man asked, noticing that his niece was staring in the direction of Vivian and Kurt. 
He walked over suspiciously, trying to figure the situation out. 
In the nick of time, Lucy ran back while replying, "It's nothing.Who are those people? I've not seen them here before." 
"Oh, they're probably from a neighboring tribe, trying to climb over the borders.It's fine.Let's go home and eat." 
After hearing Lucy's words, the middle-aged man did not ask any further questions before turning around, preparing to leave. 
Vivian heaved a sigh of relief when she saw that.She was really glad that Lucy did not expose them. 
Otherwise, they would surely be in deep trouble.
Just when they thought everything was fine, the middle-aged man suddenly turned back and said sternly, "The two of you, leave right now! Stop sneaking around, understand? Otherwise, I won't let you off!" 
Vivian was stunned at the man’s sudden outburst while Kurt exuded an air of hostility. 
However, they merely kept quiet and restrained themselves. 
Fortunately, the middle-aged man left with Lucy after giving them that warning. 
After both of them were gone, Vivian asked, "Kurt, what should we do now? If they won't let us in, how are we supposed to meet up with Daphne?" 
"Then we'll take the same route she took," the young man replied with a crease between his brows as he gazed at the majestic mountain ahead of them. 
Vivian's expression changed instantly. 
The same route she took? Isn't that area taken over by the remnants of this tribe? Wouldn't it be very dangerous if we travel by that path? "Kurt, can't we go another way instead? lan said that it'll be really dangerous for us to venture there if it's really where those people reside." 
Vivian looked toward the young man with a worried expression on her face.However, the fact was that they simply had no other options. 
Kurt did not know of any other routes they could take that would allow them to reach the entrance of River of Styx by the agreed time. 
If they didn't show up by then, that woman might end up changing her mind. 
Kurt's gaze darkened at that thought.
In the end, he still made the decision to turn back and take their original path. 
However, right after Vivian and Kurt arrived at the mountain, a young lady who was wearing a thick silver ring on her neck sprinted toward them. 
"Kurt, Vivian! Wait up!" 
It turned out to be Lucy again.She had returned. 
Vivian froze for a second. 
Before she could react, the young man next to her had already grabbed her wrist and pulled her behind him. 
Lucy, who had just caught up with the two of them, fixed her gaze on their tightly held hands while catching her breath. 
After a long while, she finally looked away. 
"Why are you here?" 
"I… I specially came here to look for you guys.Vivian, why did you two come here? Is something up?" Lucy asked her old friend in concern. 
Vivian blinked her eyes and looked at Kurt, who was standing in front of her. 
The young man replied coldly, "Everything is fine.We're just here for leisure.I studied architecture when I was in college, and I'm very interested in tribal architectural designs.I'm thinking of incorporating some of the elements in my work, so I decided to make a trip here during the holidays" 
It was just an excuse that Kurt made up on the spot.
After hearing the young man's words, Vivian's eyes grew wider. 
impressive! How did he manage to come up with such an excuse so quickly? With a look of realization on her face, Lucy answered, "I see.We seem to be quite fated.I never thought that I would get to see you guys again." 
The young lady started feeling down as she spoke. 
Noticing the change in Lucy's expression, Vivian dismissed her thoughts with a wave and tried to comfort her. 
"Don't be silly! We are friends, of course we'll see each other again.When you get home, you can come and look for us at Oceanic Estate any time you want!" 
"I can't go back anymore." 
Lucy became even more upset after hearing what Vivian said and started sobbing in front of the two of them.She was sobbing so hard that even Kurt could not help but look at her. 
"My grandpa is gone.Shortly after you guys left, I went home.During that time, Grandpa took a fall when he was chopping wood in the mountains and died instantly.After that, my uncle brought me here.Since then, I haven't gone home.It has already been more than half a year." 
Lucy continued wailing sorrowfully. 
Vivian was shocked at what she had just heard.She could hardly believe that something so terrible had happened to her friend.She still remembered that back when she was at Aquene Temple, it was Lucy's grandpa asking Lucy to show them the way. 
When they reached the foot of the mountain, Lucy told them that her parents had passed away long ago and it was her grandpa who raised her.
###Chapter 1643
Chapter 1643 
Now, even her grandpa is no longer around? The kind-hearted Vivian could feel her heart aching for the young lady in front of her who was crying miserably. 
"I'm so sorry, Lucy.I didn't know your grandpa had passed away.If I had known that, I would definitely have returned to look for you." 
Kurt could not help but take a few additional glances at Lucy. 
This time, there was some warmth in his gaze. 
Lucy wiped her tears while saying, "I'm fine.My uncle treats me well.Even though he ed strongly to my mom's decision to marry my dad last time, he brought me here to take care of me immediately after knowing that I was all alone." 
A smile appeared on the young lady's face once again as she briefly narrated her family circumstances to Vivian and Kurt. 
So that's how she's related to this tribe. 
Vivian, who had a trusting nature, did not doubt Lucy's words. 
Meanwhile, Kurt simply stood beside the girls in silence. 
"By the way, I heard you guys asking my uncle about that route just now.Do you intend on going that way? Where are you heading to? There's nothing there except the River of Styx." 
Lucy suddenly brought up the earlier conversation, startling Vivian slightly. 
"Vivi's daddy has not been feeling well ever since he regained consciousness.River of Styx is one of the few remaining rivers with a high salt concentration containing the extremely rare pentlandite
rocks.According to her mommy, some elements contained in the rocks can help with her daddy's recovery" 
Kurt explained placidly. 
Vivian was utterly dumbfounded by the young man's ability to make up another perfect story in just a few minutes. 
He's really something! How did he even manage to think of that? Vivian was certain that she would have been deceived by the man as well if she was not aware of her parents’ real situation. 
Indeed, comprehension seemed to dawn on Lucy after she heard that. 
"I see.Let me take you guys there then since my uncle is not around now.We should hurry" 
Lucy urged the other two to get down the mountain and take the other path. 
Vivian and Kurt froze for a few seconds at the young lady's suggestion. 
As they were unable to sense anything amiss from observing Lucy's expression, Kurt decided to follow her suggestion. 
A while later, when the three of them arrived at the entrance from before, Lucy looked around cautiously before taking out a badge from her pocket. 
"Vivian, you guys should take this.I'll keep a lookout at the entrance.If someone gives you trouble inside, just show them this badge and say my name.It's all right" Lucy advised. 
It seemed like she was going all out for her two friends, and Vivian was not willing to let her take the risk. 
"How can we do that? We don't want to get you into trouble"Vivian said anxiously.
"It's fine.My uncle is the chief here and is in charge of this area.He won't be too harsh on me.Hurry up and head inside before he finishes his lunch and returns" Lucy urged. 
While Vivian was still hesitating, Kurt grabbed her hand decisively and quickly led her inside. 
"Thanks." 
He thanked Lucy before leaving. 
Thanks? Lucy could hardly believe that the man was finally thanking her. 
The young lady who had a silver ring around her neck stared at Kurt's disappearing figure in a daze with a bittersweet feeling in her heart. 
Half an hour later, Kurt and Vivian finally emerged from that path, holding hands. 
Immediately, they heard loud roaring sounds and saw that right in front of them was a river that was almost a hundred feet wide. 
It was entirely black in color, and the sight of it was majestic! Even though the sun was still shining brightly in the sky, when the two of them looked up, the reflection of the river seemed to have cast a layer of haze in the sky. 
It was as if they had been transported to a different world, a world that was dark, gloomy, and cold. 
In fact, it seemed like they were in hell. 
One glance at the river was enough to send shivers down their spines. 
How is it possible that such a terrifying river exists? Is this even real? Recoiling in fear, Vivian instinctively took a few steps back.
"What's wrong? Are you scared?" 
Sensing the girl's fear, Kurt immediately reached out and held her ice-cold hands, warming them with his. 
Vivian felt a lot calmer after that. 
"Yup.This river sure is...really black! Why does it look like that? I've never seen a river like this." 
"Because it's a subterranean river that flows through Elysium's Black Marsh that has existed for a few thousand years.The Black Marsh is boundless and gives one the feeling of an endless hell.Every clear stream that passes through it turns black" 
The damp, rotting smell from the river filled the atmosphere. 
As Kurt gazed toward the river, a sorrowful glint appeared in his cold eyes. 
It was as if what he was looking at was not the river but graves and corpses instead. 
"Prince Kurt, you guys are finally here! I thought you weren't able to find your way here, and I was about to go get you." 
While Kurt and Vivian were talking by the river, suddenly, they heard the familiar voice of a woman.
###Chapter 1644
Chapter 1644 
Vivian immediately turned around at the sound of the voice. 
Indeed, it was Daphne and her son, Jason, who had arrived separately. 
"Prince Kurt, have you decided? Are you coming with me to the Black Marsh? If you've decided, I'll bring you there now" Daphne asked smilingly. 
Black Marsh? What Black Marsh? isn't this already our destination? Vivian did not know what Kurt and Daphne were talking about. 
Her expression changed slightly as she asked, "What's that place? Where is it?" 
Daphne smiled again. 
"Vivian, this man next to you is Elysium’s prince.Back then, his mother committed a crime that was punishable by death.Do you think the people of Elysium would agree to let a royal concubine who has committed a capital crime stay here?" 
Upon hearing that, color drained out of Vivian's face. 
A crime that's punishable by death? In order to save her child's life, the woman had tried her best to send her child away. 
Vivian could hardly believe that Kurt's mother was sentenced to death because of that. 
Should she have watched her child die and done nothing instead? Vivian was so upset that she was quivering with anger.
"That's because this is such a horrible place that is brutal, conservative, and backward! Why don't you ask your son if he thinks it's right for his father to sentence you to death in Yartran if you had tried to send him away in an attempt to save his life?" 
"Le Daphne was stumped and unable to come up with a reply.It was a fact that that was an absolutely ruthless and senseless decision.As Kurt listened to the two women's conversation, a surge of warmth rose in his heart. 
"All right, that's enough.Vivi, wait for me here.I'll be back soon" said the young man as he turned around to the girl who was trying her best to defend him. 
Vivian's face paled instantly when she heard that. 
"No way.I'm coming with you.Where's that place? Let's go together." 
"Vivian, that's not possible.Black Marsh is located in the middle of the River of Styx.This ebony wooden boat can barely support two people.If you come along, it will definitely capsize.Besides, Black Marsh is not as simple as you imagine.The air there is extremely stale, and there are all sorts of poisonous creatures around.Moreover, if you accidentally slip, you will end up falling into a bottomless swamp.Vivian, do you have a death wish?" 
Daphne reminded Vivian in a rather cold voice. 
Is it really that dangerous? Fear appeared in Vivian's eyes after hearing the woman's words. 
Upon seeing that, Kurt took Vivian aside and tucked some stray strands of the girl's hair behind her ear before looking into her sparkling black eyes and saying gently, "Don't worry.I'll be fine.After all, I was born here, and I know this place very well.All you have to do is to wait for me here and protect yourself.That would help me a lot."
After he finished speaking, Kurt took out something from his pocket. 
Vivian looked down and saw that it was a dagger that the man had carried with him since he was young. 
It was as long as his palm and cleverly designed.It looked just like a child's toy with colorful patterns on the sheath of the dagger. 
"This is..." 
"My mom made this for me when I was young.She had drawn the patterns on the sheath herself, and I have been carrying it with me for years.I am giving it to you now, and I hope that it will keep you safe from harm." 
The young man spoke in a tender voice that felt like a gentle sea breeze. 
Vivian's heart skipped a beat, and a blush quickly spread across her cheeks. 
It was the sweetest thing Kurt had ever said to her. 
Besides, apart from that eagle-shaped buckle, he had never given her any gifts. 
The dagger was the second one. 
Moreover, it was something that his mom had left him. 
When Vivian took over the dagger, she could feel the man's lingering warmth on it, and her heart raced. 
"Alright.You have to be back as soon as possible." 
"Sure.Don't be scared.You're not alone here."
Those were the last words Kurt spoke before getting onto the ebony wooden boat with Daphne. 
The ebony wooden boat was, in fact, just made up of a few wooden planks tied together. 
The reason the high priests of Elysium were able to cross River of Styx with that was mainly because of their ability to control magnetic poisonous worms. 
Once those worms entered the ebony wood, attractive forces between the magnetic forces in the worms and the iron at the bottom of the river would stabilize the wooden boat on the surface of the river, preventing it from capsizing. 
However, the people of the backward Elysium tribe would never get to know that secret.They had always thought that with such abilities, the high priests were gods who were omnipotent. 
While Daphne took Kurt to the middle of the river, Vivian remained on the shore. 
After Kurt disappeared from her sight, the girl found a rock and sat on it while playing with the dagger and gazing toward the river intermittently. 
Jason was also there with her. 
However, they did not speak to each other, behaving just like complete strangers. 
If not for the sudden footsteps that sounded behind them, both of them would probably not have had any interactions until Kurt and Vivian returned. 
"Someone is here! Let's hide!" 
Jason was a boy after all. 
When he heard the footsteps, his expression darkened, and he rushed toward the girl at once.
###Chapter 1645
Chapter 1645 
Vivian had heard it too. 
Her mind went blank as trepidation seized her.She mindlessly let Jason pull her toward the tall reeds, where they crouched for cover. 
Two Elysians appeared at the river bank the moment they concealed themselves. 
"Are you sure that you saw people here?" 
"Yes, I'm pretty sure I heard something." 
Frustration flashed across the first Elysian’s face upon hearing the answer.He strode toward the River of Styx. 
"They're seeking death by coming here! Do they want to add to the number of dead bodies floating down this swamp?" he cursed, evidently annoyed. 
Vivian was perplexed, but she instinctively cowered in fear when she heard the malice in his voice. 
Her involuntary action caused her to brush up against the person next to her. 
The atmosphere grew tense. 
"I'm sorry, t-that was an accident" Vivian stuttered an apology. 
Her face flushed scarlet as she went rigid from embarrassment. 
Vivian was innocent by nature. 
Although she and Jason had gotten into a conflict because of Daphne, Vivian harbored no hard feelings toward Jason.
After all, he was not directly involved in the matter. 
Jason, too, was feeling a bit awkward. 
He peeked at the young girl and noticed the pink blush on her cheeks. 
Realizing that she was not disgusted nor repulsed by him, he heaved a sigh of relief. 
"It's all right.It's too dangerous for us to linger by the river, though.Let's head back to the mountains once they leave." 
"Is that so?" 
Vivian looked over her shoulder, her eyes wide and watery as she regarded the looming mountain behind them.I suppose it's safer to retrace our steps. 
In the end, Vivian followed Jason back to the mountain.She decided that she would only reemerge when Kurt got back. 
However, they had just settled behind a huge boulder when a voice rang from behind them. 
"Vivi, what are you doing here? Where's Kurt?" 
It was Lucy. 
Thankful that it was a friend and not a foe, Vivian hastily tugged Lucy to her hiding spot. 
"Kurt went to the River of Styx.What are you doing here, Lucy? Weren't you guarding the road? You..." 
Vivian trailed off as she glanced at the road leading to the mountain. 
Alarm bells rang in her head.
"I saw two people come in here just now.I thought that they had discovered you, so I came to investigate" 
Lucy explained frantically. 
"Oh, I see." 
Vivian nodded in understanding. 
"Who is she?" 
Jason interrupted the conversation, and his voice was cold and distrustful. 
Startled by the foreign voice, Lucy whipped around to look at Jason.She was stunned when her eyes settled upon his gorgeous face and azure eyes. 
"Vivian?" Lucy prompted. 
"Oh, allow me to introduce you.Lucy, this is Jason, and he's with us on this trip.Jason, meet Lucy, a good friend of mine" 
Vivian quickly said, amused by their curious, albeit wary, expressions. 
Silence descended upon the trio after the brief introduction, but Jason and Lucy continued to scrutinize each other. 
Lucy's eyes seemed to bore holes in Jason with their intensity. 
"All right, then.Lucy, you should probably go back before your uncle finds out that you're gone.Jason, should we head in deeper? I don't think this spot is safe enough," 
Vivian piped up after a long silence.
Preoccupied with the possible danger of their current location, Vivian did not notice the meaningful look Lucy shot her. 
Vivian figured that it would be best if they ventured deeper into the mountain, and Jason agreed readily. 
With that, Jason promptly left. 
Vivian rose to follow him, but Lucy's grip on her arm held her back. 
"Vivi, something feels off about that guy.He looks like he's an Elysian." 
"What?" Vivian exclaimed. 
How could she tell? Do they have distinctive features? 
"Look at how refined his features are! And don't you see the structure of his jaw? It's a wolf bone—a telltale feature of Elysian royalty!" 
"Oh..." 
Perspiration beaded Vivian's forehead.She's right about the features but ultimately wrong about Jason's identity. 
He's only a counterfeit. 
Brother Cal is the one who's of royal Elysian descent. 
"You're mistaken, Lucy.He's not Elysian.He's from Yartran.In fact, he's the young prince of Yartran.Don't worry about him.He's just here for a visit," 
Vivian placated the rambling girl.
"Young prince?" 
Lucy echoed, her eyes bulging out of their sockets in surprise. 
"Y-You convinced the young prince to follow you here? D-Does he like you? He came here for you, didn't he?" 
Lucy chattered excitedly, all the while staring at Vivian with rapt attention. 
Unable to answer Lucy's intrusive questions, Vivian hurriedly shooed her off. 
Like me? No, thanks Vivian quickly caught up to Jason, and the two trudged through the dense forest. 
Sunlight barely filtered through the leaves above them, and the thick air made the journey all the more arduous. 
"Jason, did you come from this direction just now?" 
"Yes." 
Jason nodded his head in affirmation. 
Pouting, Vivian began to recount their grueling trek before. 
The indignance in her voice was apparent.
###Chapter 1646
Chapter 1646 
"We nearly didn't make it.It's all thanks to my friend just now that we managed to get here.We nearly doubled back to take the road you guys took!" she whined. 
"Your friend helped you over? She has that much authority here?" 
Jason voiced his confusion. 
"No, but I heard that her uncle calls the shots around here, so we got in under his name" Vivian explained. 
Comprehension dawned on Jason.He made no further comment, and the two continued to walk further into the woods. 
After a kilometer or so, they found an obscure spot to hide. 
"Ah!" 
Just as they had settled in, Vivian's high-pitched scream pierced the still air. 
With a jolt, Jason turned to check on Vivian. 
However, before he could react, the young girl sprang up to her feet and bolted out of the hideout. 
"A snake!" Her shriek seemed to reverberate through the whole forest. 
Jason had no choice but to chase after her. 
Thankfully, being a princess who was a stranger to the wilderness, Vivian finally slowed to a stop in front of a hill. 
"S-Snake..." She panted, depleted of energy.
She held onto a tree for support as she gasped for air.Her face was still pale with fear. 
Jason approached her and began to calm her down. 
"That wasn't a snake.You saw wrong." 
"Really?" Vivian was dubious. 
"Of course" Jason assured. 
"I took a good look just now.Don't worry.Snakes don't appear in broad daylight." 
Jason tried to sound as convincing as possible in hopes of dispelling her trauma. 
Fortunately, Vivian began to calm down after listening to his white lie. 
"T-Then, let's head back" Vivian suggested hesitantly as she scanned their gloomy surroundings. 
Jason nodded in agreement. 
It was imperative that they went back. 
As of now, they were so deep in the woods that the Elysians who went to the swamp wouldn't be able to find them. 
Jason held Vivian by her wrist, and, for the first time, she did not resist his touch. 
She was still reeling back from the scare before. 
Vivian had just collected herself when a figure darted out of the woods and appeared before them. 
"Ah"
With another frightened yelp, Vivian ducked behind Jason to shield herself from the newcomer. 
Jason's face clouded over instantly. 
"Mr.Jason, why are you back? And who is this doll?" the man blurted out at the sight of Jason. 
Jason remained silent. 
Vivian peered over Jason's shoulder and gave the man a once-over, her expression one of bewilderment. 
"Jason, does he know you?" 
"No," Jason denied curtly, his voice ringing with conviction. 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
When her gaze returned to the stranger, she noticed a shift in his expression as he changed the subject, "Where's your mother? Didn't you say that you were going to get us the treasure? Why are you alone?" 
For a split second, Jason saw a glint of malevolence in the man's eyes. 
Jason exhaled in relief. 
"She already went ahead on her own.I was worried that I'd get caught outside, so I took cover.By the way, she's with us.Mom brought her along." 
Jason furtively glanced at Vivian and started to converse with the stranger.He began to relax when he saw the puzzlement on Vivian's face. 
She appeared naive, which was in line with his first impression of her.
Jason refused to believe that Vivian had the brains to trick him. 
On that fateful night, Kurt had been at the scene. 
Besides, Vivian's father, along with the rest of the Hayes family, had been around her the whole time. 
She was a sheltered princess who had been pampered all her life. 
It was impossible for a simple person like her to devise such an intricate ruse. 
After dismissing the stranger, Jason turned to Vivian and urged, "Come on.Let's get out of here." 
"All right," she agreed breezily. 
However, as she lowered her head, she inconspicuously touched her earring.Her brothers’ voices exploded in her ear. 
"F*ck! That b*stard Kurt let you do something so dangerous? I'm going to beat him to death!" Matteo's exasperated voice penetrated her eardrums. 
Vivian grew anxious when she heard her brother's enraged threats. 
Matteo rarely lost his temper, but now, he was practically growling as he interrogated his sibling. 
Vivian quickly tapped her earring and communicated with her brothers in their own unique way. 
"Don't blame Kurt.I was the one who decided to do this.I figured that we could break through their defenses and gain insider information while that woman is gone." 
Matteo could not find the words to rebut her.
"Well, I think that we should commend Vivi for her wit and courage.You have to admit that it's a great plan.Moreover, the bodyguards that Daddy employed will protect her" 
lan chimed in. 
Vivian was pleased to hear lan's compliment. 
However, Matteo was still concerned, and his worries only grew stronger when he caught sight of the man just now.
###Chapter 1647
Chapter 1647
"From the looks of it, this mountain is their hideout.Who knows how many people are hiding in its caves? It'll be difficult for us to get a good grasp of the situation." 
"That's true" lan conceded, his voice tinged with worry. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was lost in thought.She stopped in her tracks all of a sudden. 
"Jason, I heard them refer to you as Mr.Jason.Is that because you're the high priest's son? Did they find out your mother’s identity?" 
"Yes," Jason answered as he regarded her with suspicion. 
Her sudden question had caught him off guard. 
To his surprise, Vivian followed up her question with another that was even more probing. 
"Then, are they going to hurt you? Your mother fled as a traitor, didn't she? If they found out that your mother brought back the Jadesons' princess, wouldn't they lose all trust in her?" 
Before Jason could stop the torrent of words pouring out of Vivian's mouth, the atmosphere in the forest grew hostile. 
The Jadesons' princess! If any of the people waiting to ambush Vivian had worked under Eddie Limmer, then hatred for the Jadesons would be etched in their bones. 
They would never pass up on the opportunity to seek revenge, especially when Yariel’s precious daughter was right within their reach. 
As predicted, a minute later, people began to emerge from all sides.
The twins watched in horror through the transmitter, wishing they could teleport to Vivian's side. 
Vivi is being too rash! I can't believe she did something so reckless just because we complimented her! What now? Vivian was tied up and brought into a cave. 
While Vivian was certainly a daredevil, she was no fool.Her brothers were right—the geography was too complicated to navigate without first diving into the depths of their headquarters, which was why Vivian decided to take the risk. 
Intelligent as she was, she speculated that the kidnappers would not have the guts to kill her immediately. 
After all, she was the Jadesons' princess. 
If anything happened to her, Sebastian, along with the entire Jadeson family, would obliterate the whole place to avenge her. 
Hence, she was confident that they would not harm her. 
Vivian's deduction was proven true when she was brought into a wide cave. 
There, a man sat on a throne of sorts, surrounded by a crowd. 
His expression darkened at the sight of Vivian. 
"You're telling me that she's Yariel's daughter?" 
"Yes, commander!" 
Her kidnapper chirped, his voice colored with unbridled glee. 
He stood tall with his chest puffed as he shamelessly waited to be showered with praise.
However, the coveted approval never came. 
Instead, an slammed into the man. 
"Do you want to die? Do you even know who she is? How dare you bring her here? Do you want all of us to die together with you, you moron?" the commander ranted, livid. 
The kidnapper was stupefied by the assault, both physical and verbal. 
"I-lsn't she Yariel's daughter? I brought her because of who she is, Commander! Her father killed so many of our men.Since she so kindly showed up at our doorstep, why should we leave her unscathed?" he countered. 
"And what are you going to do once you've ended her? Do you really think that you can get away with it?" the commander bellowed, infuriated by his subordinate's idiocy. 
His body quivered with anger. 
"I'm telling you that if Yariel's daughter dies here, he'll level the entire Elysium!" Silence ensued after the commander's outburst. 
They glared at Vivian, their faces twitching as conflicting emotions warred within them. 
It felt like they had a wolf cub in their hands. 
Alone, Vivian was vulnerable enough to kill, but they dared not for fear of retaliation from the wolf pack. 
Vivian stared back with her doe-like eyes. 
Humiliation turned into ire, and the kidnappers vented their anger out on Jason, who was also tied up. 
Jason grunted in pain as they kicked him.
"Jason! What are you guys doing?" 
Seething with rage, Vivian glowered at the attackers. 
"What are we doing? Killing him, of course! Commander, this guy and his mother were the ones who brought that girl here! How dare she lie to us and bring us a ticking time bomb? What do you think she's planning? Is she trying to use the Jadesons to uproot us all now that her life is fine and dandy?" the attackers spat through gritted teeth. 
With that, a man slapped Jason harshly across his face. 
Jason's head snapped to the side from the impact. 
Blood trickled down the corner of his mouth. 
"Jason!" 
Vivian was furious when she witnessed them doing that. 
The prince had never suffered in his life, and Vivian could not condone such violence. 
"What are you guys doing? I came here of my own accord; it has nothing to do with them! I was the one who forced them to bring me here.My father is sick, and only something from the River of Styx can heal him, which is why we sought out his mother." 
Even in her frantic state, Vivian remembered the story Kurt had fabricated. 
Yariel is sick? Everyone's faces lit up with delight upon hearing her words, the commander included. 
They had survived by the skin of their teeth because Sebastian had gone dormant for the past three years, thus allowing them to retreat into the forest and lead quiet lives.
If Sebastian was currently ill, then death was just around the corner for him. 
When the day came, Elysium would rise from the ashes and restore its former glory. 
As for Vivian, they could erase her memory to stop her from exposing their secrets without having to murder her. 
After all, it would be a simple task for the Elysians. 
At the thought of this, a malicious grin spread across the commander's face.
###Chapter 1648
Chapter 1648
When Kurt returned to shore, he realized Vivian was nowhere to be found. 
Instantly, his expression drastically changed as he shot a cold gaze at the lady who came up together with him. 
"Where is she?" 
"Huh?" Daphne was stunned. 
"I-I don't know.My son is here too, so how would I know?" 
"Cut the crap.You told us that my mom and sister were at the Black Marsh.Now that we're here, there's no sign of them at all.Daphne, what are you planning? What's your agenda in trying to get us here?" 
Kurt questioned with bloodshot eyes and a murderous expression on his face. 
Daphne's face lost all color, as she did have an agenda. 
Before she met Kurt, she had assumed that her son would be the future king. 
However, now that the true prince of Elysium had appeared, her plan was on the brink of failure. 
As a result, she decided to eradicate the competition. 
"What kind of agenda could I have? Didn't I bring you here because you ordered me to? I really have no idea where both of them have gone, but I can help you search for them" Daphne volunteered. 
Kurt narrowed his eyes in response. 
At that moment, a voice rang out of the earpiece he was wearing.
"Kurt, Vivi has fallen into the hands of the enemy.Don't do anything reckless until we arrive." The voice belonged to lan. 
Vivi has been captured? In an instant, Kurt's face turned as pale as a sheet. 
Not wanting to waste any time with Daphne, he slipped back into the forest and sprinted in search of Vivian. 
"How did she end up in their hands? What about Jason?" 
"They were together.Vivi did it on purpose to find out where the remnants of the enemy were hiding on the hill.Didn't I tell you to stay put? Why did you go back in? Don't you know your identity puts you in a dangerous position against them?" 
lan warned him anxiously over the line. 
The truth was, if the enemies learned Kurt's identity, he would certainly be treated much differently from Vivian. 
Considering that he was from Elysium and also the king's son, his life would be in danger, especially if the enemies were really working with Daphne. 
After all, Jason, who resembled Calvin, was also with them. 
Consequently, both lan and Matteo were extremely concerned. 
In spite of that, their instructions fell on deaf ears, as Kurt was behaving like a raving madman. 
The only thing on his mind was to find Vivian at once. 
Ten minutes later, he arrived in the depths of the forest.
Just like Vivian's encounter, the men lying in ambush suddenly appeared with their guns pointing at him. 
"Are you from Elysium?" 
Someone in the group recognized him at first glance. 
After all, the people of Elysium had facial features that stood out.It was just as Lucy had said. 
Their chiseled lower jaw was what distinguished them and also made them look particularly handsome. 
At the same time, Kurt was discreetly reaching for the dagger in his sleeve. 
Suddenly, a nervous female voice was heard shouting. 
"Kurt! Kurt! Where are you?" 
The voice sounded extremely crisp and familiar. 
Lucy? From the corner of his eye, he saw a figure in blue running toward him. 
When he returned his gaze to the front, he realized the person who was aiming a gun at him had already disappeared. 
Lucy finally came over. 
Walking up to Kurt, she grabbed his hands nervously and said, "Kurt, I finally found you! I must tell you that Vivi and the others have disappeared.We have to find them at once.Also, my uncle knows that you're here and is coming with his men.What are we going to do?" 
After shooting an indifferent glance at her, he pulled back his arm.
"I already know.You should go back now and don't bother with us." 
"How can I do that? Since you're unfamiliar with the area and I'm your friend, there's no way I can sit idly by and do nothing.I know this place very well, so let's search for them together." 
Lucy refused to leave. 
When she saw how Kurt rejected her, she ignored him and trudged deeper into the forest instead. 
As a result, the grim expression on Kurt's face deepened. 
Overwhelmed with frustration, he wondered why she had insisted on tagging along. 
Nonetheless, he followed her from behind, as his concern for Vivian took priority. 
After walking some distance, he was pleasantly surprised when Lucy guided him to a hidden trail right in front of them. 
It seemed to be leading to somewhere. 
"Kurt, should we follow it?" 
Staring at the trail, Kurt asked, "Have you come here before?" 
Lucy shook her head to indicate that she had not. 
In fact, a fearful expression descended upon her face when she saw the dark and creepy trail. 
Kurt suggested, "You should head back.I'll be fine going in alone." 
"No!" she refused. 
This time, she hugged Kurt's arm just so that he would not chase her away.
###Chapter 1649
Chapter 1649
Kurt's gloomy expression grew more intense. 
Just when he was about to shove her aside, two figures appeared from the trail all of a sudden. 
"Do you think the commander's plan will work? After all, she's Yariel Jadeson's daughter.Will it be all right if we release her?" 
"We should be.Don't forget that she has been fed the worms.Once she is released, she won't even remember her name, let alone the fact that we're here." 
Both of them chatted as they walked out. 
Meanwhile, Kurt was dumbstruck when he heard their conversation. 
What do they mean by feeding her with worms? These animals! What did they do to her? Losing his cool, he fell into a fit of rage. 
The very next second, he cut one of them down in a flash while quickly subduing the other. 
"What were you talking about? What did you do to her?" 
Overwhelmed with fury, Kurt gritted his teeth so hard that he almost shattered them. 
Terrified by Kurt, the man answered in a trembling voice, "I-I didn't do it.It was the commander's decision.T-The girl discovered our secret.Hence, we had to either kill her or...or feed her with worms!" 
Crack! As a spatter of blood gushed out, the man died at the hands of Kurt.
Disregarding Lucy's protest and the ions of lan and Matteo over the earpiece, Kurt charged ahead with his dagger in hand, which still had fresh blood dripping off it. 
By the time he caught sight of Vivian, she was lying motionless on a rudimentary-looking stretcher that was being carried by a group of men. 
Immediately, Kurt's eyes turned bloodshot. 
"Put her down!" he thundered without a care for his own safety. 
Holding his dagger, he then threw himself at his enemy. 
In the blink of an eye, the group of men who were carrying Vivian had their throats slit before they even realized what was going on. 
"Quick! Inform the commander at once!" 
As for the rest of the survivors, they dropped Vivian in panic before fleeing back into the hills to call for reinforcements. 
However, there was no way Kurt would allow them to escape. 
He knew that after being fed with those vile creatures, the only way Vivian could ever recover was for him to find the antidote, or else she would never be cured. 
Consequently, he killed another two men. 
Just when he was about to continue his slaughter, Lucy cried out to him, "Kurt, stop killing! Let's hurry back with Vivi first.As I have not seen these men before, we have to find my uncle and the royal family!" 
Nevertheless, it was already too late.
A few of the survivors had gone back to report the incident. 
Therefore, the entire group that had been hiding for almost twenty years swarmed out at once. 
"He's from Elysium!" 
"That's right.He has a chiseled jaw, and that means he's part of the royal family! He's one of them!" 
After the last sentence escaped the person's mouth, all of them were stricken with panic that swiftly spread through the entire mountain. 
Kurt ignored their words.It was not until he was exhausted from killing that he noticed four familiar figures by his side. 
At that moment, all of them were drenched in blood, just like him. 
No one could tell if the blood belonged to them or the enemy. 
"You guys..." 
"Kurt, you've acted impulsively.Since Mr.Hayes has assigned us to protect Ms.Vivian, there's no way we would let her come to harm.Her brave actions have allowed the situation here to be transmitted via a hidden camera back to her brothers and Mr.Jadeson." 
Back to back with Kurt, a member of SteelFort reprimanded him when he saw he had regained his senses. 
After that, he related everything that had happened.She's all right, then? The moment he heard their explanation, the panic he felt in his initially shattered heart began to gradually dissipate. 
Earlier, he had lost control of himself when the fear of losing her had overwhelmed him.
In fact, the thought of her forgetting him after being fed the insidious worms had terrified him beyond belief. 
Pursing his lips, Kurt slowly recovered his composure. 
"Fine.In that case, you should take her back while I cover the rear." 
After regaining his senses, he calmly made a decision. 
However, the SteelFort member's expression drastically changed. 
"We can't allow that.Now that they know you're a member of the Elysium royalty, they will seek to kill you.Hence, you're inviting your own death if you stay here," he expressed his disagreement angrily. 
As for the other three members, they too rejected the idea. 
All this while, SteelFort's culture was similar to that of a large family. 
Even though they were an organization of assassins under the Hayes family, all of them shared a tight bond, unlike other cold and calculated organizations. 
Thus, they would never allow any one of them to go on a suicidal path, especially when they had personally watched Kurt grow up. 
In spite of that, Kurt disregarded their ions when he saw the increasing number of enemies swarming toward them. 
Furthermore, they were all equipped with modern firearms and explosives.
###Chapter 1650
Chapter 1650
All of a sudden, he thought of the terrifying nuclear wave weapons that had struck Sebastian and Devin before, causing his face to lose all color. 
Nonetheless, his gaze was filled with a resolve that he never felt before. 
Subsequently, he took out the snake whistle he had used in Yartran. 
Fweet! The moment a sharp and jarring sound reverberated throughout the forest, bone-chilling rustles began to fill everyone's ears. 
Are those snakes? How is that possible?How can this young man summon snakes? After being stunned by Kurt's action, they began to feel swarms of slithering creatures at their feet, sending a chill down everyone's spines. 
"Quick! Retreat to the cave at once! These are the poisonous snakes that we have raised ourselves." 
The fact that the snakes belonged to them terrified them further. 
With that, all of them retreated swiftly. 
At the sight of the fleeing enemy, Kurt finally stopped. 
He then turned to his SteelFort seniors and instructed, "You should leave quickly, while I hold them back.Matt and lan should be outside waiting to receive you." 
"But—" 
"Don't worry.I'll withdraw soon.Besides, didn't you see for yourself how I summoned the snakes? Obviously, I still have a few tricks up my sleeve.After all, I did grow up here."
In order to allay their concerns, Kurt convinced them he had other means of defeating their enemies. 
With that, the four members of SteelFort left with the unconscious Vivian. 
Their main duty was to protect her, after all. 
Once they were gone, they had no knowledge of what happened in the forest after that. 
The moment they came out and saw Devin and the two brothers, they informed them they had lost contact with Kurt. 
"Lost contact? In that case, we will flatten their entire base!" barked Devin, who had arrived with a huge troop of soldiers. 
At his command, the people of Elysium watched in fear as the heavily armed soldiers marched into the hills. 
The Elysium royal family who ruled the tribe did not dare to stop them at all. 
Three hours later, the intense battle finally came to an end. 
Devin, together with his men, killed many of the enemies while the hundreds who survived were all captured. 
Consequently, news of their success shook the entire region. 
As for Vivi, she had missed all the drama due to her being unconscious. 
By the time she awoke, the terrifying battle had already ended. 
"Vivi, you're finally awake! How do you feel?"
Within the small town where they had set up their temporary base, Matteo hurried over to check on his sister when he realized she was up. 
lan, who was beside them, came over to do the same. 
Lying in her bed, Vivian glanced at her two brothers. 
Even then, it took her a long while before she managed to regain her senses and the sparkle in her eyes. 
"Matt, I'm fine.Where are we?" 
"We're in a small town near Elysium.You silly girl.Do you know how big a fright you have given us?" 
Matteo reprimanded as he helped Vivian to sit up.lan did not say a word. 
Instead, he poured Vivian a cup of warm water. 
After drinking some, Vivian sat there and scratched her head before smiling awkwardly. 
"I just saw a wonderful opportunity.So how about it? Did you receive the videos of the terrain and the caves? Were they of any use? Is Uncle Devin here? Does he have any plans?" 
Evidently, Vivian was all grown up, too. 
The moment she awoke, she started asking about the issue at hand instead of being concerned about her own well-being. 
When Matteo heard her response, he rubbed her head in amusement.
"Yes, he has.Looks like you have become the hero of the day.With the information you have provided, Uncle Devin has captured all the remnants of the enemy.Even Great-grandpa has praised you for your bravery." 
"Really?" 
Vivian was so delighted by the news that she blushed. 
At the same time, Jan gave her an approving look. 
Amidst the triplet's chatter, Devin entered the room. 
When he saw Vivian had awoken, he came over to her bedside to check on her. 
"Vivi, are you feeling all right? Does it hurt anywhere?" 
"I'm perfectly fine, Uncle Devin.I heard that you have wrapped up the matter beautifully.What about Kurt? Have you seen him? He went to the River of Styx.I didn't tell him any of this." 
Finally, she began asking about Kurt.
###Chapter 1651
Chapter 1651 
Unfortunately, he had gone missing for the last two days. 
Dumbstruck by the news, Vivian stared blankly at her brothers before looking at Devin. 
As if her mind had shut down, she did not respond to anyone calling out to her. 
Matteo remarked, "Look at what has happened to her.This is exactly why I said we shouldn't have told her." 
lan and Devin were stumped. 
Just when they were about to say something, Vivian suddenly got out of bed. 
"Where are you going?" 
Matteo swiftly pulled her back. 
Even so, she did not reply. 
Instead, she put on her shoes and walked right out with her head hung low. 
Unable to tolerate it any longer, lan grabbed her and called out in an authoritative tone, "Vivi!" 
"What are you trying to do? Do you think you can find him all by yourself? Now that he's lost in the forest and has been exposed as the son of Elysium's king, it's not going to be easy for you to locate him at all!" he scolded word by word. 
At that moment, lan, who was eighteen, was the spitting image of his father. 
As for Vivian, she felt as if she had seen Sebastian in him.
Feeling a jolt in her body, she broke into uncontrollable tears. 
"It's imperative that we find him precisely because his identity has been exposed.Do you know what they'll do to him once they capture him? How do you expect me to sit idly by?" 
She bawled so hard that her eyes were all red. 
Finally releasing his grip on her arm, lan took out a red envelope from his bag. 
Stuck on top of it was an extremely beautiful feather. 
"You have to understand that since Kurt's identity has been revealed in Elysium, we can't let them know that he's one of our men.If the king of Elysium was to find out, he would definitely not let Kurt go even if Kurt was alive." 
After spacing out briefly, Vivian looked at the envelope and asked, "W-Why?" 
"You're such a fool, Vivi.Don't you get it yet? By taking in Kurt after taking in Calvin and his brother, their father would begin to suspect that we were doing it on purpose" 
Matteo could not resist explaining when he saw that Vivian was still clueless. 
The moment he finished, Vivian gradually understood the situation.That's right. 
Their father is an influential figure within the country. 
What happened with Eddie's forces was also part of his scheme. 
Thus, if he knew the three brothers were working for Daddy, he would naturally suspect Kurt's intentions for coming back here. 
Furthermore, he had killed both Kurt's mother and sister, on top of his uncle and aunt...
Finally, Vivian grasped the situation in its entirety. 
"In that case, what should we do? Are you saying that we can't openly look for him in Elysium?" 
"Yes.Because of that, lan and I have come up with a plan using this." 
Matteo took the envelope from lan’s hand and waved it at Vivian again. 
It turned out to be an invitation card sent by Elysium. 
After Devin had destroyed the remnants of Eddie's forces hiding in Elysium's forests, its king was so delighted that he organized a feast in Devin's honor to celebrate the victory. 
"Therefore, Vivian, we can use this as our cover for going over tonight" 
"Really?" 
Vivian was finally filled with hope. 
Obviously, she did not believe that Kurt was dead. 
After all, he was a highly trained member of SteelFort. 
On top of his outstanding intellect, he possessed a lot of other skills that even Sebastian was not aware of. 
Based on that, Vivian was sure that he was fine. 
On the night of the feast, Vivian joined her brothers and Devin there. 
Before they arrived at the exact venue, she spotted a familiar figure.
"Lucy?" she cried out in joy. 
When Matteo heard her shout, he turned around and asked, "Who are you calling out to?" 
"It's Lucy.The girl whom Kurt and I ran into when we arrived.She's the one that I told you about," 
Vivian explained excitedly as she pointed to a young girl who was holding some food and ushering the guests. 
It was Lucy indeed. 
The men from SteelFort had told her that when Kurt was separated from them, Lucy was with him. 
Therefore, Lucy's appearance indicated that Kurt was definitely fine. 
Hence, Vivian ran over at once. 
Worried about her, Matteo glanced at Devin and lan, who had walked far ahead, before stomping his feet and chasing after Vivian. 
The moment both of them approached the girls that were serving fresh fruits, Matteo recognized the one in front at first glance. 
Isn't she the same Lucy that helped us pick up the black stone at Aquene Temple back then? 
"Lucy! Lucy!" 
Vivian could not resist yelling loudly at her. 
Unexpectedly, the girl did not respond to Vivian's shouts. 
Instead, the other girls who were behind her turned around and looked quizzically at Vivian and Matteo.
###Chapter 1652
Chapter 1652 
Both Vivian and Matteo were dumbfounded. 
What's going on? Why is she ignoring me? When Vivian turned toward Matteo, she saw him shrug his shoulders in response. 
"Perhaps she can't hear us?" Matteo speculated. 
Glancing at Lucy, who was not far away, Vivian figured it was impossible that she did not hear her. 
Finally, she took Matteo's advice and ran up to Lucy to stop her. 
"Lucy" Vivian called again in a crisp and delighted voice. 
At that moment, Lucy was dressed up as a girl from the tribe. 
Instead of demonstrating any familiarity, she jumped back in fright. 
"W-Who are you? How do you know my name?" 
Hearing her question, Vivian was stunned. 
When Matteo came up to them and saw what happened, he scanned Lucy from head to toe and smiled. 
"Come on, it has only been two days.Why are you pretending not to know us?" 
"What do you mean...pretending? I don't know both of you at all.We should leave now and ignore them.The feast is about to start." 
Having barely said a word, Lucy wanted to lead the girls behind her away.
However, when Matteo noticed how desperate Vivian was, the smile on his face was gradually replaced by a grim expression. 
"How dare you play dumb just after two days? Lucy, let me warn you.Before we run out of patience, you better tell us where Kurt is.Or else, once the matter escalates, no one will be able to save you." 
At that moment, no one had expected the most jovial out of the triplets to emanate a terrifying aura in place of his usual cheerfulness. 
After all, something terrible would have to happen to cause a person who loved to smile to suddenly stop smiling. 
Taken aback, Lucy finally stopped in her tracks. 
"I...really don't know either of you.Also, who's Kurt? Just who the hell are you?" She maintained her stand, even though her eyes began to redden after the scare Matteo gave her. 
Matteo and Vivian were stumped again. 
Finally, unable to control herself, Vivian caught up with Lucy, tears welling up in her eyes. 
Having lost her temper, she grabbed Lucy and questioned, "How can you not know him? Why are you pretending not to know us when you're the one who guided us the other day? Lucy, what are you planning? What's the meaning of this?" 
Vivian had lost her cool, as she could not accept such an outcome. 
If Lucy had really done something to hide Kurt, she would definitely not let Lucy go. 
Unexpectedly, the girls behind Lucy finally interrupted, "You guys, stop scaring her.She really doesn't remember.When she was carried back two days ago, the witch doctor of the tribe noticed that she had
been fed with worms." 
"Fed with worms? What kind of worms?" 
Matteo inquired immediately when he realized how important the information was. 
The girls nodded. 
"The worms that belong to our tribe.After feeding them to someone, that person will lose their memory.Nevertheless, the tribe no longer has them, as we are forbidden to raise them now.Instead, it's the wicked former high priest who is raising them on those baddies’ behalf." 
For a whole five seconds, the siblings stood there motionless. 
Vivian, in particular, remembered the terror she felt back in the cave, as she was about to be fed with the same worms, too. 
Fortunately, SteelFort appeared in time to rescue her. 
Otherwise, she could have ended up just like Lucy now. 
In that case... 
Kurt! Will the same have happened to him? Vivian suddenly felt a chill down her spine. 
After staring at the group of young girls for a long time, she finally asked in a trembling voice, "I-In that case, what about the youth that was with her? Did you see him?" 
"What youth?" 
Clenching her fists, Vivian finally uttered, "Kaiden."
Just as she spoke, the girls covered their mouths and gasped with terrified expressions. 
"W-Why do you know of Prince Kurt?" 
"That's right.How did she find out about him? Wasn't he just recovered by our king?" 
"My God! Has the news been leaked?" 
Suddenly, Vivian felt her vision go black before she collapsed with a thud. 
"Vivi"
###Chapter 1653
Chapter 1653
By the time Vivian was awake, she had been sent back to the small town, as Devin and her brothers were worried that she would lose control of herself at the feast. 
However, Vivian did not kick up a fuss this time. 
After staring blankly at the ceiling for a few minutes, she finally asked with her eyes still focused above her, "Did you manage to see him?" 
Matteo and lan had no idea how to answer her question. 
They had obviously seen him at the feast when the king of Elysium introduced his recently returned son with great fanfare. 
Matteo replied, "Vivi, don’t overthink the matter.As of now, our priority is to verify that he's safe.As for the rest, we'll let Daddy decide once we're back." 
lan grunted in agreement, "Mm-hmm." 
The brothers felt it was for the best. 
Nonetheless, tears suddenly rolled down uncontrollably from Vivian's eyes. 
"How can we do that? He hates that place to the core.Furthermore, his mom, sister, aunt, and uncle were all killed by that beast.To him, that place is no different from a living hell.How can we let him stay there?" 
Vivian cried out in agony. 
There was no way she would agree to their decision.
Finally, Devin came over. 
"In that case...Matteo, you should stay here with Vivian.Coincidentally, I plan to leave some troops in Elysium to monitor the situation, even though we have destroyed the remnants of Eddie's forces.Thus, you and Vivian can stay here.At the same time, I'll send someone else from Yorksland over." 
"Is this all right? Will their king agree to it?" Matteo scratched his head. 
Nodding, Devin stated, "He already has agreed after I told him about it.After all, he was always been fearful of those men.Despite the fact that we have annihilated them, he still prefers us to leave some men behind to keep an eye out." 
Devin had already discussed the matter with the king of Elysium. 
Before Matteo could reply, Vivian sat up and grabbed his hand. 
"All right, then.Matt, let's just stay back here’ she pleaded.Matteo responded with silence.With that, the siblings stayed behind with the small bunch of troops.In the meantime, Lucy did not recognize them still.As for Kurt, he never came out since then.Even though Vivian made various attempts to approach the palace, she did not manage to see him at all.Instead, she saw someone building a new house for Kurt's grandparents. 
"Quick, pour in the cement! We have to make sure that the house has strong foundations! Also, the steel bars..." 
After tearing down the dilapidated hut, a group of workers was busy building the new house. 
Meanwhile, Vivian watched them with a sorrowful expression.She thought back to the day when Kurt brought her into the house. 
His grandparents had served her a bowl of honey to drink.
She could still remember how sweet the drink tasted back then. 
Suddenly, someone called out to her from behind, "Miss, why are you standing out here? Do you want to have a seat inside?" 
Turning around, she was surprised to see Kristoff. 
"You...speak our language?" 
"Of course I do.Kurt's uncle studied outside of here.Hence, he taught us many things." 
When Kristoff saw Vivian, he smiled so widely that he revealed all his missing teeth. 
However, Vivian felt depressed after hearing the name. 
My Kurt. 
The next moment, she wiped her tears away in front of Kristoff. 
After a while, Kristoff finally tugged her by the sleeve and led her into their temporary lodging. 
Inside, he served her another bowl of honey. 
"Why did you bring her here?" Beatrice queried. 
"Isn't she the girl that came with Kaiden the other day?" 
Kristoff replied with a sigh, "That's right.Since she was crying, I figured that he probably doesn't remember her anymore." 
After serving Vivian another drink, the old couple noticed that tears had begun to rain down from Vivian's eyes.
After pondering for a while, Kristoff finally asked, "Miss, do you want to see my grandson?" 
"I do!" Vivian replied without hesitation as she raised her gaze at him, teary-eyed. 
Kristoff nodded in response. 
"I can try and sneak you in to see him, but we can't let the king know, as he doesn't want Kaiden to remember us.Moreover, Kaiden is on a mission now.Only after he has completed it can his mom and sister be released." 
"What did you say? His mom and sister are still alive?" Vivian asked, utterly shocked. 
Kristoff nodded. 
"Of course they are.However, only the king knows where they have been imprisoned.As a result, he has given Kaiden three months’ time to be worthy of inheriting the throne.Only then will he release both of them." 
As if she had been struck by lightning, Vivian just sat there with a bewildered expression.
###Chapter 1654
Chapter 1654
In the end, Vivian followed Kristoff to the palace. 
To avoid any suspicion, Kristoff dressed her up as an Elysium girl.He even put on her a facial scarf that was worn by attendants before taking her in. 
In truth, Vivian had visited the palace before as an honored guest in her capacity as a Jadeson. 
Therefore, she was familiar with the place. 
Nevertheless, the moment she saw the palace with its turquoise-green lake in front, she was filled with mixed emotions. 
To her, the place looked like a cage that had imprisoned her beloved Kurt. 
Just the thought alone caused her to feel depressed. 
"Let's go" Kristoff remarked when he sensed her sadness. 
Truthfully, he did not want his grandson, who had barely survived, to return to the palace. 
After having seen how his children suffered for being involved with the royal family, Kristoff resolved to help Kurt escape the wretched place. 
Thus, he would do everything he could to provide Vivian with all the assistance she needed. 
Finally, they arrived in front of the ancient palace. 
The next moment, a man came out from the inside and greeted Kristoff warmly, "Sire, are you here to see Prince Kurt?"
Staring coldly at the scene, Vivian could feel the irony of the situation. 
Back when she and Kurt first arrived, they saw Kristoff doing everything alone with no one to help him. 
Even at home, he would be ostracized and ridiculed by the others. 
But now, everything had changed. 
Everyone in the tribe tried to ingratiate themselves with him. 
Naturally, Kristoff saw through the hypocrisy. 
After exchanging pleasantries, he led Vivian right inside. 
Upon their entry, Vivian could not help but feel excited over the fact that she was finally able to see Kurt. 
After walking across the ancient hall where they were entertained the other day, she arrived at a corridor adorned with golden-colored ambers. 
With no impurities inside them, the ambers made the entire place look like a palace made of golden crystal. 
"Mr.Calyette, what is this?" 
"Oh, this is the golden amber that comes from the Black Marsh.A long time ago, we used to offer this to the royal family as a tribute.In fact, they are considered priceless gemstones.However, this practice has been stopped now.Back then, the royal family wanted to take control of all of it.Hence, they ordered the tribesmen to mine everything out of the Black Marsh.Unfortunately, by the time it was empty, many men had died in the process," 
Kristoff explained with a sigh.
Generally, a tribe with a history of more than a thousand years would naturally live through a few dynasties. 
For a tribe that was still able to maintain its power in modern times, no one had expected them to have such a brutal history. 
As both of them continued walking, they arrived at a small arched bridge that was covered by a dame peppered with red gemstones. 
Raising her gaze, Vivian noticed two figures emerging from within a dull-colored building. 
The building looked dull simply because it was not adorned with golden amber. 
Instead, it was made of wood. 
Even so, Vivian, who had been exposed to a lot, recognized it as agarwood, which was extremely expensive due to its unique scent. 
Given that the entire building in front of her was built from agarwood, the fragrant scent it emitted filled the air. 
As for the two figures upstairs, they were sitting on the balcony behind billowing curtains. 
One seemed to be painting, while the other was mixing some paint. 
At that moment, Vivian felt as if her mind was blown. 
"He's painting right now.In his current condition, all he remembers is what had happened before he was ten.As for everything else, he needs to relearn them from scratch" Kristoff explained before letting out a sigh.
Upon hearing his words, Vivian felt as if she was hit by a bucket of cold water, causing her face to lose all its color. 
The year when he was ten...No, that's impossible. 
If it really was before he was ten, wouldn't he lose all his memories of the Hayes family? How is that possible? We have been through so much together, and my family has brought him so much warmth. 
Vivian just could not believe it. 
After looking at them with reddened eyes, she began running in their direction. 
"Kurt! Kurt!" she yelled. 
At that moment, she had forgotten that she was in disguise and was not supposed to reveal herself. 
When Kristoff saw her reaction, he went after her immediately. 
After coming up to the balcony, Vivian saw that both figures were jolted by her screams. 
At the exact moment she saw them, the female attendant, who was decked out in jewelry, glared at her in return. 
As for Kurt, he was dressed in a way that did not look like him at all. 
When he shifted his gaze over, Vivian could see the distance and resentment on his face
###Chapter 1655
Chapter 1655
The instant she saw the look on his face, she felt as if she was stabbed in her heart. 
"Kurt..." she murmured. 
Just as she spoke, she was taken back when the attendant beside Kurt began screaming. 
"What are you doing here? After pestering me to see Prince Kurt the other day, how dare you come up here now? Somebody, come at once!" Lucy shouted. 
Throughout Lucy's rant, Vivian did not hear her at all, as her focus was solely on the man. 
While coming up from behind, Kristoff saw everything. 
Subsequently, he admonished Lucy, "What are you shouting for? Do you know that she's a Jadeson? Do you have a death wish?" 
Even though he was already eighty, Kristoff still exuded an authoritative aura. 
As her face turned pale, Lucy did not dare utter another word.Then, Vivian approached Kurt step by step. 
With his exquisite features, he looked as dashing as ever. 
The cold look in his eyes was further accentuated by the royal garb he was wearing. 
Just like a bewitching painting, it could cause the hearts of whoever was looking to skip a beat. 
Unfortunately, there was no sign of the familiar warmth within his mesmerizing eyes. 
The same warmth that she had spent a lot of effort nurturing in him.
Sitting in his chair, he had evolved into the distinguished prince of Elysium. 
As he stared coldly at her, he emanated a hostile and exasperated vibe. 
Sensing his resentment, Vivian felt tears welling up in her eyes. 
"Kurt, do you still remember me? It's me, Vivi," 
Vivian sobbed as she removed her face scarf. 
However, Kurt did not react in any way. 
In fact, the irritation he felt intensified when he saw her remove her scarf. 
"Lucy, get them out of here; he ordered. 
"Yes, Prince Kurt" 
Lucy acknowledged at once. 
Thus, she came over to chase them away. 
In response, Vivian lost control of herself as she rushed forward and grabbed Kurt by the arm. 
Choking back her tears, she questioned, "I'm Vivi.”
###Chapter 1656
Chapter 1656
However, just when he was about to leave, Vivian woke up amidst her fever and stopped him. 
"Matt, let's leave this place, shall we? I miss Daddy and Mommy already, she pleaded in tears.Her face was burning red from the fever, and it was painted with nothing but misery.Not knowing what to say, Matteo chose to comply with her wishes and returned to Summerbank with her so that she could see the doctor.In the meantime, when Riley, who was based there, heard about it, she rushed to the hospital and made all the necessary arrangements. 
"What happened? How did Vivi end up being so sick?" 
After she was done with the paperwork, she became furious upon learning that Vivian was hurt on top of having a high fever. 
Therefore, all she wanted to do was to find out what had transpired so that she could stand up for Vivian. 
Even though the siblings were already seventeen, they were still children in her eyes. 
Matteo replied in an exasperated tone, "It's just a trivial matter.Ms.Cooper, can you help me take care of Vivi, as I still need to make a trip back?" 
In the end, Matteo's indignance got the better of him. 
Hence, he decided to return and get to the bottom of the matter. 
Riley readily agreed. 
With that, Matteo returned to Elysium that night.
This time, he went straight to the royal palace and located Agarwood Pavilion, which was the building the heir to the royal family supposedly stayed in. 
Whoosh! All of a sudden, a sharp whizzed through the air. 
Inside the building, Kurt, who was about to get in bed, dodged it by reflex and retreated to the side. 
Upon seeing Kurt's reaction, Matteo emerged from the dark. 
"Aren't you supposed to only remember incidents before you were ten? In that case, how did you learn to react like that?" 
Matteo sneered with a fiery gaze. 
Nevertheless, Kurt stared icily at him. 
"Who are you? How dare you barge in here in the middle of the night! Do you have a death wish?" 
Death wish? The words caused Matteo to lose his temper. 
Without saying another word, he charged forward and swung his fists. 
This little rascal needs to be taught a lesson! Just like that, an intense battle broke out in Agarwood Pavilion in the middle of the night. 
Both of them were expert fighters in their own right. 
One was personally trained by Karl within SteelFort, while the other was trained by Devin in the army. 
As a result, neither of them were ordinary warriors. 
In slightly over ten minutes, the raging battle had shattered everything in the room.
It was a truly terrifying sight. 
It was not until half an hour later that a large group of royal guards arrived at the scene after hearing the commotion. 
As for the two of them, their faces were already swollen and covered with bruises. 
That was when they finally stopped to catch their breath. 
"You ungrateful assh*le.Let me warn you, if you bully my sister again, I'll definitely punch all your teeth in!" 
Matteo warned when he finally recognized that he could not beat Kurt. 
He also sensed the impending arrival of the palace guards. 
Panting heavily, Kurt stared at him. 
"I don't know your sister at all." 
Matteo's fury was ignited again. 
If it was not because of the increasingly unfavorable odds he was facing, Matteo would have given Kurt another beating. 
"Fine.If you claim to not know her, so be it.Let me tell you, Kurt, you're the one who said so yourself.After this, I'll take my sister back to Yartran.Going forward, you can be king of Elysium, while she goes back to living her own life.If you dare bother her in the future, I'll make sure you regret it if it's the last thing I do!" 
Burning with rage, Matteo made a vow before escaping the palace grounds.
That was the first time in his life he made such a solemn oath. 
All this while, he always had a cheerful disposition and was angered to an extent where he needed to swear. 
Meanwhile, Kurt was standing in the middle of the mess they left as he watched Matteo's leaving silhouette in a daze. 
Unable to control himself, he balled his fingers that were red from battle into fists.He clenched them so hard that they turned pale instead. 
The night felt exceptionally dark to him. 
In the end, Vivian did not return to Miralaea. 
After giving it some thought, she decided not to let her parents worry. 
If they found out that Kurt had lost his memory and idly watched as she was beaten, they would definitely feel devastated. 
Consequently, they would blame Kurt for it. 
Given how soft-hearted she was, she still wanted to protect Kurt's reputation in front of her family, despite what had happened. 
On the other side, Riley brought Vivian back to the Cooper residence, where Edmund used to stay previously. 
"Vivi, don't think too much about it.Just stay with me here for the time being so that you can clear your mind.Is that okay with you?"
Riley was an exceptionally gentle and attentive person. 
After taking Vivian in and understanding what she was going through, she felt the urge to take good care of Vivian and cheer her up. 
Reacting to Riley's offer, Vivian nodded in agreement. 
When Vivian was feeling a bit better, Riley planned to take her out. 
"Vivi, why don't we go out today? We can head to the city's old quarter.Since you're into fashion design, I heard that there's a fashion show there showcasing beautiful traditional clothing.Would you like to go and take a look?" 
"Traditional clothing?" 
After being cooped up at home for the past few days, Vivian was beginning to feel depressed.Hence, her interest was piqued when she heard Riley's suggestion.
###Chapter 1657
Chapter 1657
Old Town of Yorksland was a famous cultural site with a history of thousands of years. 
It was also a relatively well-preserved ancient city in the country and a popular attraction for tourists. 
Riley deliberately brought Vivian to the monument's square for the performance because she knew the girl liked lively places. 
"Vivi, do you want to change into something else? The fashion show has no special rules.You can participate as long as your clothes are pretty" 
Riley suddenly suggested as they passed by the display window of a boutique with a dazzling array of traditional clothing. 
She knew Vivian would be keen to have a look since the latter loved fashion design. 
After she cast a quick glance at the boutique, Vivian followed her in obediently. 
Half an hour later, the two women exited the establishment wearing exquisite traditional costumes. 
"Ms.Cooper, how do I look? Only unmarried women from wealthy families would wear this in ancient times." 
"Wow, really?" 
Riley was delighted to see Vivian finally smiling. 
Together, they walked toward the venue in their new outfits.
The duo arrived to see many tourists had already gathered at the square, which was actually a bluestone floating stage in the middle of the lake. 
A bridge as old as the ancient city perched above the water. 
Countless models dressed in traditional costumes were on the floating stage displaying their attires. 
"Vivi, look.They look beautiful, don't they?" 
Riley asked as she pointed at those women. 
Vivian nodded. 
"Yes, indeed.Are they all from the same agency? Did they come here solely for the performance?" 
"No.The companies specializing in manufacturing traditional costumes hired these models for the fashion to market their clothes" 
Riley explained as she glanced at those women who seemed like professional models. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian finally understood. 
They then went to the bridge and found a spot to sit down. 
Riley, being a meticulous person, even took out a sketchbook from her bag and gave it to Vivian. 
"Here.You can draw anything you like." 
"Ms.Cooper..." 
The latter was touched by her thoughtfulness. 
After they settled down, Vivian started to scan a model that caught her eye.
However, something else attracted both their attention. 
"What's that?" 
Riley was beyond surprised as she saw those unfamiliar Jetroinian traditional outfits. 
The crowd also started discussing fiercely as well. 
The fashion shows in Old Town had always been about the local traditional costumes because they were the perfect representation of the country's ancient history. 
Yet, suddenly, costume designs from a foreign country showed up. 
What nonsense is this? The crowd was overwhelmed with discontent. 
Right then, a man wearing a suit went on the stage with an entourage behind him. 
"Hello, everyone.I'm here to announce that the Cultural Affairs Bureau is holding a seminar here today.I'm sure all of you are flustered by the unexpected surprise.Consider this rare and precious international fashion show a treat from the bureau." 
It turned out those people were from Cultural Affairs Bureau. 
They probably decided to hold their seminar at the same venue after seeing the great turnout. 
Instantly, the dissatisfaction on the crowd's faces was replaced with friendly expressions. 
As such, they started watching the fashion show joyously. 
Everyone had shown the best side of their temperament.
Riley understood the situation as she was also a staff of the official department.She comforted Vivian who had stopped sketching. 
"It's fine.It's just a few more costumes.After all, it's a good thing for you.Keep drawing." 
She caressed the latter's head gently. 
Vivian lowered her head and continued drawing. 
Shortly after the announcement from the official, models from other foreign countries such as Turlen and Hawen appeared. 
Even alluring belly-dancers joined the show. 
The atmosphere became even merrier. 
The crowd grew as more people came to witness and enjoy the visual feast while Vivian remained engrossed in sketching. 
Ring...ring. 
Suddenly, Riley's phone rang, and she answered immediately. 
"Hello." 
"Ms.Cooper, where are you? The director wants you to go to Old Town right away to attend the trade seminar organized by the Cultural Affairs Bureau.Many overseas guests are already there." 
It was one of her colleagues. 
Trade? Riley could not wrap her head around it as she glanced at the models on the bridge.
"What do you mean? Isn't it just a normal fashion show?" she asked. 
"Of course not.We made an international announcement about today's fashion show.Now that period costumes are back in trend again worldwide, many big companies are conducting research on countries with a deep historical and cultural background like ours to find out exactly which countries have the most popular designs.The overseas guests are here for this purpose," the colleague exclaimed in exasperation.
###Chapter 1658
Chapter 1658
Riley was stunned momentarily. 
How could it be? Did the Cultural Affairs Bureau know anything about this? How could they bring those guests here without much preparation for such an important event? Are any of those women on the bridge professional models? Has anyone vetted those attires carefully before the fashion show? This is not a game! Riley was beyond enraged. 
"Ms.Cooper, what's going on?" 
Vivian had sensed her anger.She immediately stopped drawing, concerned. 
Riley could not suppress her fury as she glared murderously at the foreign models on the bridge. 
"These people came here deliberately to embarrass us.They are using their designs to vie for our trade orders." 
"Huh?" 
Vivian was dumbfounded upon hearing that.Is that real? No wonder all the foreign costumes look so outstanding and exquisite. 
On the other hand, our local costumes and banieres seemed ordinary and unprofessional. 
She panicked. 
"What should we do then? So many overseas delegates are here.The trade order must be huge." 
Riley nodded.
"Indeed.According to Edmund, our local economy has dropped tremendously in your father's absence over the past three years.The country needs money now." 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
Even though she knew nothing about a country's economy, the revelation sent her into a state of anxiety since it was something that her father used to care about. 
What should we do then? Evidently, the workmanship and designs for our costumes featured in this fashion show are way too inferior compared to the ones specially prepared by the foreign designers. 
Therefore, the only solution... 
Suddenly, her eyes locked on a mother who was carrying her son in a basket on her back. 
Their blue attires were made from hand-woven cloth. 
Is that... 
She stared at them for a long time, overwhelmed with excitement especially after she saw the limited accessories on the mother and son.She could feel herself gasping for breath as an idea crossed her mind. 
"Vivi? What's wrong? What are you staring at?" 
Riley asked with a confused look. 
"Nothing.Ms.Cooper, please find some Elysians who are here in their tribal costumes.Try to get those with more accessories.Then do your best to stall the show and buy me some time." 
Vivian stood up and started packing her stuff.
Elysians? Riley's expression changed slightly upon hearing her instructions. 
After all, Vivian was still upset over a man from the tribe a few days back. 
Why did she mention them now? Nevertheless, she eventually did as told. 
The show was about to reach its climax with more and more journalists rushing to the venue to cover the event. 
Suddenly, the organizer announced the first half of the show had ended. 
"Everyone, it's been an hour since the show started.Stay tuned for an exciting second half after a short break." 
The person in charge deliberately made it sound mysterious. 
Even though the crowd was displeased with the abrupt break, the announcement triggered their curiosity once again. 
Instead of leaving, the number of spectators grew. 
After successfully stalling the show, Riley ran to find Vivian.She discovered that more than a dozen Elysians had already gathered at their temporary base. 
Bewildered to see Vivian standing in front of them, she eyed the group cautiously. 
"Everyone, don't be afraid.Look at those guys out there.They are here to compete for our business, our livelihood.You could have sold hand woven fabric, silver ornaments, and these embroideries in your hands.But now you won't have the chance anymore" Vivian told them.
The Elysians widened their eyes in rage and started questioning, "Why? We have been selling our goods here every day.How could they barge into our turf and rob us?" 
Vivian displayed a smile. 
"What I mean is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.Of course, you can stay here and continue to do your business.However, imagine a future where buyers flock into your tribe and you can sell ten times the number of textiles and silver accessories in the comfort of your homes.What do you think about that?" 
Everyone was dumbstruck by her statement. 
The scenario had never crossed their mind. 
Riley's jaw also dropped after she heard the shocking declaration. 
Holy cr*p! I never thought she could be this smart! Back then, Sabrina had been worrying that none of Sebastian's children had inherited his business talent because her two nephews were either obsessed with research and development or being a soldier. 
It turned out clueless little Vivian was the one with a brain for making money like Sebastian. 
"Is there really something that good?" 
"You must be joking! Why would the buyers come to our tribe? No one has ever been there before." 
The natives thought her words were too good to be true.
###Chapter 1659
Chapter 1659
After all, they had lived in poverty for generations. 
No one ever paid attention to them or their stuff.Yet, the pretty young lady smiled at them. 
"Well, it all depends on your performance today.Remember, you must show the world the best of Elysium.That includes your mannerism and action, not just the way you look.Do you understand?" 
Those wise words blew Riley's mind. 
The Elysians stared at Vivian in silence for a long time as sparks of desire started burning within their hearts. 
The next moment, she collected all their accessories, took everything apart, and created different yet stylish designs using the pieces. 
More than a dozen pairs of trusting eyes watched her without moving an inch.It was a taboo for outsiders to touch their hair. 
Yet, they let Vivian change their hairstyles into Faire Coiffure in the end. 
The makeover achieved astounding results. 
Where did she learn this? Isn't it a secret technique only Prince Kurt's mother knows? The Elysians were brought out of the temporary site while they were still puzzled. 
Lucy, who had come to Summerbank, heard someone had taken many Elysians away.She immediately rushed to Old Town with her maids. 
"Where are they?" she asked.
"Madam, they were brought away for some performance" someone on the spot responded. 
Performance? Lucy's expression darkened. 
"What kind of performance? Elysians are forbidden to have contact with outsiders.It's the tribe's rule.How dare they go for a performance? Do they want to be thrown into the River of Styx?" 
Utterly enraged, she led her men and tried to stop those Elysians. 
However, it was already too late. 
By the time she arrived at the bridge, she saw a young beauty in Elysium costume leading the others to the show. 
"Everyone, don't be afraid.Just follow me.Relax and behave like you usually do at the market." 
A beautiful red embroidered hairband coiled the young girl's long black hair up, revealing the string of glittering crescent-shaped accessory on her smooth forehead.She looked like an elf who had fallen into the mortal world. 
The spectators gasped upon witnessing her beauty. 
She is a real beauty! Everyone locked their eyes upon her, including the journalists. 
Lucy's chest heaved up and down as she tried to suppress her rage. 
Vivian Wand! "Thank you for staying. 
The second half is about to start. 
Now, let us invite the representatives from the tribe with unique customs in the region—the Elysians!"
The person in charge was overwhelmed with excitement as he introduced them. 
As the majestic and atmospheric music kicked off, a stunning girl carrying a small bamboo basket on her back appeared on the stage. 
The others followed, one after another. 
They did not try to perform at all. 
She walked on the bridge casually with a bright smile on her face. 
Stepping on the bluestone slab, the teenager looked at her surroundings as though she had just finished her work at the farm. 
Right behind her were a mother and a son. 
The young mother's hair was like a dark cloud, tied with a simple hair tie. 
On her neck was a delicate silver collar that produced crisp bell sounds. 
Ding! Ding! The child who was in the bamboo basket on her back giggled suddenly.He was waving his tanned and small, fleshy arms with two tiny but eye-catching bells. 
The sight was simply breathtaking. 
All the journalists kept taking photos of them. 
Some even started a live broadcast, hoping to show the moment to the world. 
Compared to the complicated and hasty first half, the appearance of the local tribe at this point was a breath of fresh air.
It brought everyone into a peaceful and poetic atmosphere. 
Overwhelmed with excitement, Riley almost burst into tears. 
She could not help but capture the moment with her phone camera. 
Then she sent it to Sabrina, the only member of the Hayes family she was close to. 
Riley texted: Sabrina, look at how outstanding your niece is! Sabrina was rendered speechless upon seeing that.In fact, she was looking after her kids at the moment. 
The arrogant mother spent her life domineering over everyone, but she never expected she would give birth to two mini replicas of herself and fall victim at their hands. 
Jaena, who had turned eight, was a handful little imp. 
D*mn it! Jaena must have taken her brother elsewhere. 
Where did they go? Sabrina texted: Holy sh*t! What the hell is Vivian doing? Why is she not studying? When did she become a model? Unable to find her children, her frustration grew after watching the video from Riley who frowned at her reaction. 
Riley texted back: It's not like that. 
Something went wrong on our side. 
Some foreigners came and they are trying to oppress our economy. 
Vivi came up with a solution to save the day. 
Don't you think she looks fantastic? Sabrina texted: Hold on a second.
Let me find Jaena and beat her first! After that, Sabrina did not respond to the texts anymore. 
Has she really gone to beat her kid? Well, I would be pissed too if I were in her shoes. 
Kids from other families are so obedient and adorable that anyone would want to hug and kiss them. 
Not to mention, some of them even own a successful career after they grow up. 
But Sabrina's children are the complete opposite! She receives daily complaints from their preschool! teachers because the little tyrants are constantly bullying their friends or causing other troubles. 
Sabrina could feel her lifespan shortened at least a few decades due to the stress from her children.
###Chapter 1660
Chapter 1660
Riley broke out in a cold sweat when she saw what was happening.She stopped replying to Sabrina’s texts and instead directed her attention to the bridge. 
As expected, Vivian opened the show with a bang. 
The foreign models who awaited their turn to go on stage wore sour expressions on their faces. 
They whined among themselves. 
"What's happening? Didn't they say this was a tourist destination too small for a proper fashion show?" 
One of the staff from Hawen complained furiously, "Exactly! That's the only reason I asked to come here.Why did it suddenly become a professional show? Who the heck is that girl? She even knows what to do on a fashion runway." 
At first sight, the mysterious models on the bridge appeared to be tribe members that Vivian had haphazardly pulled out of the crowd. 
However, anyone experienced in the industry knew that it was all part of a deliberate runway design. 
Only a true expert in fashion design could devise the setting for today's show. 
Indeed, the success of a fashion show relied on more than the featured lines of clothing. 
Runway design and environment played equally vital roles in creating a successful show. 
If all these factors aligned beautifully, a masterpiece would be born.
Although the foreign models had received professional training before arriving in Elysium, they did not treat the fashion show seriously after hearing that it was merely a tourist spot. 
Thus, Vivian's Easter egg in the second half of the show both amazed and enraged the models. 
Alas, despite their disgruntlement, they had no choice but to walk the runway. 
As expected, they paled sorely in comparison to her spectacular opening. 
While the audience oohed and aahed over the foreigners earlier, few spared them a glance during the second half of the show. 
Even the reporters looked bored. 
The models fumed at the sight. 
Vivian had led the Elysians off the stage by then.She knew her plan was a success judging by the audience's enthusiasm and delight. 
All that was left was to share the good news with her Elysian models. 
Suddenly, a young woman dashed into the clearing. 
"What are you doing? Who gave you the right to parade before so many people? The audacity! Did you forget the laws of Elysium?" 
The intruder's beautiful face twisted into an ugly scowl. 
The Elysians'’ initial happiness dissolved into fear seeing Lucy. 
After all, she had received the honor of serving their prince as an attendant, and she could very well be their future queen.
"Ms.Lucy, w-we didn't mean it." 
"Yes, Ms.Lucy.T-This young lady said she c-could help us sell our fabrics and silver jewelry...We wanted t-to make more money for our families, you see.That's why we agreed to her plans." 
They practically stammered through their explanations. 
Even the mother and son whom Vivian had found earlier began shaking like leaves at the sight. 
Lucy instantly whirled around, glaring daggers at Vivian.Her gaze simmered with rage and hatred, and the latter was at a loss for what to do. 
Did a few worms really turn her into this? We used to be such great friends.She helped us countless times upon our arrival, and she seemed friendly and kind. 
What could've caused such a drastic change to her personality? Vivian's expression dimmed as she appraised the young woman who was once her friend. 
Meanwhile, Lucy pressed on, "You again! Why is the Princess of the Jadesons always interfering with the ways of the Elysium tribe? What are you planning? Do you have any idea about the negative effects your actions have inflicted on our tribe?" 
"Negative effects? What effects?" 
Vivian was upset, but her emotions did not cloud her logical judgment. 
She argued, "I don't suppose the ‘negative effects’ would be the exposure of your tribe's living conditions to the world, huh? What's wrong with revealing all this to the world? Will locking them up forever put food on their tables? Will it clothe them? Will it give them money?" 
"You-"
Vivian interrupted Lucy, "Let me tell you something, Lucy.The only way to give these people a better life is to open the tribe to the outside world.Let others understand your ways and let your tribe share its beautiful and rich culture with the world.That is the best way to lead this tribe to prosperity" 
The seventeen-year-old girl stood her ground defiantly, not a hint of her usual smiley self in sight. 
Vivian had never seemed fiercer and colder than at that very moment. 
In fact, she looked like a true-blue princess as she lectured the Elysians with such a formidable and righteous air that everyone listened to her in silent awe. 
Her logic was impeccable. 
That was around the time Kurt showed up.He had heard about the fashion show, and he rushed over from Elysium to assess the situation on behalf of the royal family. 
To his surprise, the first thing he witnessed upon arrival was Vivian's impressive lecture. 
Lucy sputtered, "W-What do you know? Leave the decision to our tribe.We can do whatever we want.It's none of your business." 
"Why is it none of my business? I'm a member of the Jadesons, and my father oversees the economy of the entire country.Elysium falls under his jurisdiction.That is, unless, the Elysian royal family is planning to declare its independence? came Vivian's retort.”
###Chapter 1661
Chapter 1661
"Y-You..." 
Lucy had gone blue in the face from anger. 
No one had expected the seventeen-year-old Vivian to make such a compelling argument in public. 
The audience and reporters watched their exchange with rapt attention. 
It was difficult to reconcile those bold arguments with the dainty and rather childish-looking Vivian. 
Elysium falls under his jurisdiction. 
Such dominance and bravery! Who is this girl? Everyone snapped away at Vivian with their phones and cameras. 
Kurt quietly observed the scene from a distance away.He only approached them after Lucy ranted and began strong-arming the Elysians into leaving. 
"Prince Kurt?" 
Horror filled Lucy's face upon his sudden appearance in the center of the crowd. 
The Elysians fell to their knees and gave him a royal welcome. 
The prince's cool gaze roved over his surroundings.He did not pause in his perusal, not even when his eyes swept past a stunned Vivian.His gaze eventually landed on his attendant, and he demanded, "What are you doing?"
Lucy stammered, "P-Prince Kurt, this lady fooled t- these people into joining this show.I believed she broke the laws of Elysium, and I was just about to bring her back to face the royals’ judgment." 
She had twisted Vivian's kind intentions into a scam, but the Elysians were too frightened to deny her false claims. 
Riley, who had walked nearer to the commotion, noticed that Vivian was dumbstruck by Kurt's appearance. 
The poor girl was rendered speechless. 
Exasperated, Riley came forward and said, "Hello, are you the Prince of Elysium? I'm one of the official organizers for this event.My name is Riley Cooper.Please allow me to explain the situation to you.It is nothing like what your attendant has described" 
Riley addressed him as a prince, seeing as he was no longer just a boy taken in by the Jadesons. 
Kurt, wearing a gold headpiece exclusive to Elysium royals, mulled over her words.He arched his brow before shooting Riley a cold stare. 
"Go ahead." 
Elated, she immediately arranged for staff to escort him to their temporary office while dragging an absentminded Vivian along. 
"Vivian, don't you want to speak with him? Here's your chance! You can talk to him alone." 
Ah, Riley did this on purpose! She wanted to give me a chance to talk to Kurt alone and hopefully jog his memories. 
Vivian was dazed.
By the time she collected herself, she felt as though her heart had leaped into her throat.She clenched her fists and gritted her teeth in indecision. 
Eventually, Vivian mustered the courage to enter the temporary office. 
Kurt stood with his back against her.He looked as tall and as strong as ever, reminding Vivian of their first encounter in Yartran. 
However, he now wore the attire of the Elysium tribe instead of his beloved navy guard's uniform. 
The long silk robe embroidered with gold thread and a jewel-encrusted belt made him look like a completely different person, and he now exuded a natural air of nobility. 
Vivian stood quietly behind him.She could not help but think she was looking at a stranger.Her beautiful black eyes appeared wistful. 
Tears pricked her eyes. 
"It's you." 
Kurt had turned around then, and his brows scrunched in confusion. 
Vivian's heart sank at his expression.He never used to treat me like this. 
"D-Do you really not remember me?" 
Still hopeful, she stubbornly believed that he could regain his old memories.Her question deepened Kurt's frown. 
"Should I remember you? Did you call me here to ask me this?"
His gaze cooled by several degrees. 
Anger and impatience colored his tone. 
Vivian was speechless.She failed to prevent tears of disappointment from streaming down her face. 
Nevertheless, Vivian admirably suppressed her dismay as she declared, "N-No.I didn't come here to tell you these.I just wanted to explain what happened earlier.I merely wanted to use this opportunity to bring a better life to the people of Elysium." 
Vivian wiped away her tears and got down to business.She took out several design blueprints from her satchel. 
These had been modeled by the Elysians earlier. 
Then, she handed them to Kurt, and the latter froze in shock.He looked from her teary eyes to the design blueprints she had placed in his hands.He did not move or speak for a long time. 
Vivian confused his silence for mistrust, and she sniffled before rummaging around her satchel.
###Chapter 1662
Chapter 1662
Clang! 
Unexpectedly, something dropped out of her bag while she was doing that. 
Kurt looked down when he heard the crisp sound that rang out as the landed on the ground. 
When he saw that it was a dagger with colorful patterns on its sheath, the young man's expression changed at once. 
"You..." 
"No, it's not what you think.I didn't steal this.You gave it to me yourself" 
Vivian noticed the on the floor as well.She picked it up in a fluster and hugged it close to her chest as if she was worried that Kurt would take it back from her. 
Since he was no longer by her side, she did not want to lose the only item which he had given her as well. 
However, after Kurt saw the dagger, his expression darkened and he stared at it intensely. 
Seeing the look on his face, Vivian got increasingly worried that he would snatch it back from her. 
What is he thinking about? Is he going to change his mind? is he going to take it back now that he no longer remembers anything? Vivian tightened her grip on the dagger, finally bursting into tears. 
"You...Are you thinking of taking it back? Since it was a gift from your mom, you would want to have it back, right?"
However, Kurt did not reply her. 
Instead, he continued staring at the dagger, his eyes filled with pain, shock, and sorrow. 
When Vivian saw the look on the man's face, she felt as if her heart had just been stabbed.She suddenly remembered that he had not managed to find his mom and sister yet. 
Since that was the case, the dagger must have meant a lot to him. 
At that thought, all color drained out of her face at once. 
In the end, the kind-hearted Vivian stepped toward Kurt and handed him the dagger, together with the draft. 
"Don't be sad.Here, I will return it to you" she said, passing the items to him. 
She would do anything to make him feel better. 
Kurt looked up at Vivian. 
When he saw her eyes that were brimming with tears, he felt as if he was stabbed in the heart by a knife.He felt utterly defeated and could hardly keep up with his pretense any longer. 
Why is she so silly! In the end, Kurt never figured out how Vivian had managed to leave the place. 
All he knew was that when he finally came back to his senses, the two items were already placed next to his bed. 
At the same time, he noticed that Lucy was now inside the room, kneeling next to him. 
"Prince Kurt, please don't be fooled by them.As you know, we have a rule in Elysium that doesn't allow us to have excessive communication with outsiders.The rule was set by the king, and if he finds out
that you're working with those people, he won't let you off" 
"Oh, is that so?" 
Kurt finally spoke, with a hint of defiance and hostility in his voice. 
"If that's the case, I will keep doing that.You can report it to him.I'm interested to know what he would do to me" 
After the young man finished speaking, he took the two items with him and walked out of the room while Lucy remained kneeling on the floor. 
Even after Kurt disappeared from her sight, she continued staring at the door with resentment written all over her face. 
Vivian Wand, why can't you just leave him alone! After Vivian returned to Cooper residence, she locked herself in her room for the entire day. 
Sounds of crying could be heard coming from her room upstairs intermittently. 
Riley could feel her heart aching for the girl when she heard that. 
A representative from the Cultural Affairs Bureau visited the house in the evening and informed Riley that the Elysium-themed fashion show that Vivian had organized was a hit on the internet. 
Because of that, the bureau had received numerous inquiries from global fashion companies that are interested in collaborating with the tribe. 
"Have you guys contacted Elysium? Are they OK with that?" Riley asked.
"We have already checked with them.The prince of Elysium has agreed to it and even offered to make a trip here to sign the agreements with the merchants if needed, the bureau representative said, smiling from ear to ear.Oh my God! The prince is coming here personally to sign the agreements! Even though Riley was excited about that, she could not help but worry at the same time.That night, the Cultural Affairs Bureau handed the written reply from Elysium over to Riley.She opened the letter and saw that there was something else in the envelope—a dagger with colorful patterns on its sheath. 
"This is?" 
"This is a token given by the prince of Elysium.We just need to take this with us and show it to them when we visit the place next time.Oh, the director of the bureau also wanted to ask if Princess Vivian could help us complete our first business deal.Since it was her idea, it would be ideal if she could act as the intermediary for the merchants and Elysium, the representative explained.It would be a tricky situation for the bureau to handle the matter directly, especially since doing business was not their forte in the first place. 
Moreover, it did not seem like a good idea for those international merchants to liaise with a backward tribe on their own. 
As such, it seemed like Vivian, who had been studying abroad, was the best candidate to assist in the matter. 
Riley agreed that it was a good suggestion as well and headed upstairs to speak to Vivian with the letter in hand. 
"Vivian, open the door.There's a letter from Kurt." 
"What?"
As expected, just hearing the name "Kurt" was enough to get the girl, who had locked herself in the room crying the entire afternoon, to open the door.
###Chapter 1663
Chapter 1663 
Riley immediately handed the envelope to Vivian and said with a look of admiration in her eyes, "Look, the Elysium-themed fashion show you organized today has caused quite a stir overseas.It seems like this might be the beginning of the development of Elysium! Vivian, you're so capable!" 
Riley was full of praise for the girl. 
When Vivian heard the woman's words, she looked down shyly, her eyes still swollen from all the crying. 
Taking over the envelope, Vivian said in astonishment, "This is..." 
She took out the dagger with trembling hands. 
Riley looked at the girl with a smile and explained, "This is from Kurt.As the next ruler of Elysium, he had written this letter to express his willingness to collaborate with our government.He has also sent this token that we are supposed to bring along with us whenever we visit the tribe with the merchants." 
Without a need for further elaboration, it was implied that that meant they could visit Elysium anytime they wished, as long as they had the dagger with them. 
Since Vivian was the reason that such a good opportunity was presented to them, it was obvious that she should be in charge of it. 
After hearing what Riley said, Vivian's chest heaved as she experienced a roller coaster of emotions. 
However, Riley was taken aback when the girl rejected the offer after a while. 
"That sounds good.You guys should make the necessary arrangements quickly and send someone over then."
"What?" 
Riley looked at Vivian, stunned. 
"That's not it.Vivian, I was hoping that you could take charge of this matter and go to Elysium yourself.Isn't this the perfect opportunity for you? Don't you want to see him badly? This will allow you to visit Elysium whenever you wish.You can even enter the place freely—" 
"I'm not going there anymore." 
Riley was interrupted by Vivian before she finished speaking. 
Vivian downcast her eyes and returned the dagger to Riley before a layer of mist formed in her red and swollen eyes again. 
"Since he doesn't want to see me, why should I go and upset him? Aunt Riley, I've already booked my air ticket to Yartran.I intend to return to school and continue my studies.Regarding this matter, you should make other arrangements instead." 
After saying that, Vivian made to close the door with a sorrowful expression on her face. 
Riley panicked when she saw that and grabbed the girl's arm at once. 
Trying to persuade her, she said, "Vivian, you should calm down first.I know you're very upset right now, but think about it, the only reason Kurt's behaving this way is because he was fed the worms.That's not who he really is!" 
"What?" 
Vivian was momentarily stunned.
Riley nodded and replied, "You heard me.Haven't that occurred to you? You've also told me before about his resentment toward his tribe.Think about it, why would he willingly stay knowing that his mom, sister, aunt, brothers, and grandparents were all harmed by the king of Elysium? In order to keep him around, the Elysians must have found a way to control him.Vivian, his life is already hard enough.If you give up on him as well, he would be utterly miserable." 
She could feel herself choking up as she analyzed the situation for Vivian. 
That was indeed how the situation seemed to her. 
Riley figured that the reason why Vivian had not realized the truth of the situation was due to her young age. 
After all, some things came with experience. 
Moreover, Kurt might have hurt her too deeply, causing her to focus on her pain so much that she was unable to assess the situation ively. 
Riley fixed her gaze on Vivian and continued, "Vivian, we can't do this to him.If he recovers one day and finds out that all his friends have left him, that even you, the most precious person to him, had abandoned him...how tragic would that be?" 
Hearing that, Vivian gave up struggling.She stood by the door and looked at the older woman in a daze before bursting out in tears. 
"Aunt Riley, I...I don't want to leave him either.But it makes me so sad that he is so cold toward me.He also seems to detest me so much now" 
"I understand.But Vivian, you need to remember that that's not how he really feels.Just think about those times when he was still the old Kurt.You should know how well he had treated you back then.I
heard from Matteo that you were more important to Kurt than his own life! You know that right, Vivian?" Riley said gently to the girl. 
At that reminder, Vivian stood rooted to the ground, feeling a deep ache in her heart as those images from the past flashed across her mind. 
In the end, she bit her lips and kept quiet.She could not believe that she had almost forgotten how Kurt had always protected her at the expense of his life. 
How could I leave him at a time when he needed me most? With that thought in mind, Vivian finally agreed. 
Two days later, Vivian had a meeting with the overseas merchants at the Cultural Affairs Bureau with Riley accompanying her. 
After the meeting, arrangements were made to send them to Elysium.
###Chapter 1664
Chapter 1664
"Vivian, we're counting on you this time!" 
"That's right.Princess Vivian, if we manage to strike a deal with Elysium, you will not only be the tribe's benefactor, but you will also be making a huge contribution to Yorksland.When that happens, we will definitely get the Ministry of Commerce to commend you." 
"Umm..." 
Vivian blushed when she heard that as no one had ever complimented her that way before. 
To her, she was just doing what she was supposed to do. 
Leading the group consisting of a dozen of overseas merchants, Vivian, who had already settled her emotions, set off for the mysterious tribe that had remained largely unknown to the outside world. 
"Ms.Hayes, we heard that the fashion show was your idea.Is that true?" 
As the journey would take quite a while, boredom arose and the merchants started chatting in the vehicle halfway to their destination. 
When Vivian, who was in the front seat, heard the question being directed to her, she turned around at once and replied, "Yes, that's right." 
"Wow, that's really impressive.By the way, Ms.Hayes, you're really fluent in foreign languages.Are you local?" 
"Exactly! That fashion show was really interesting and the visuals were stunning.I love the way it was designed as well.Ms.Hayes, did you major in fashion in school?"
There were a few merchants within the group who were more familiar with the industry, and it was obvious to them that the fashion show was definitely not the work of an amateur. 
Vivian shook her head and replied, "I'm not local.I'm just here to visit some relatives.Regarding my course of study, I'm a student of the Royal Academy in Yartran, majoring in fashion and jewelry design.Currently, I'm also the exclusive designer of Princess Odette" 
"Oh my God!" 
Everyone was dumbstruck when they heard that, letting out gasps of astonishment. 
After learning that fact, the merchants finally understood why the fashion show was presented in such a unique and refreshing manner. 
It turned out that it was planned and executed by a student of the world-famous art academy, who was also the exclusive designer for the royal family of Yartran. 
That greatly increased the merchants’ trust in Vivian. 
Because of that, they had also decided to give the girl full autonomy in the design of the upcoming products of their collaboration. 
After some time, the group finally arrived at Elysium. 
"Vivian, you're here!" 
When they arrived at the destination, Matteo was the first to welcome them. 
Vivian was delighted to hear her brother's voice when she got out of the car. 
However, the light in her eyes dimmed shortly after when she scanned her surroundings and noticed that Kurt was not among the Elysians who had gathered to welcome them, despite the fact that there
were some royal representatives present. 
"Princess Vivian, our king and Prince Kurt are waiting for you at the palace.We are very grateful to you for introducing such esteemed overseas guests to us.Please allow me to lead the way to the palace." 
The representative sent by the Elysium royalty was the palace chief who had served the king for many years. When he saw Vivian and the dozen of overseas merchants, he greeted them enthusiastically and invited them back to the palace, informing them that a banquet had already been prepared to welcome them. 
As such, Vivian and the merchants followed the palace chief back to the palace. 
As for Matteo, since he was temporarily in charge of the tribe's security matters, he went with Vivian and the overseas guests. 
"Don't worry, in order to ensure that the business deal will be carried out smoothly, I've made special arrangements to keep the troublemakers out of the way" he said. 
"Huh?" 
Vivian was confused. 
"Oh, by the way, don't be scared when you're in the palace later.Even though that stubborn king was quite against this collaboration with the overseas merchants at first, that rascal somehow managed to convince him.He seems to be quite cooperative now" 
Matteo told his sister. 
Vivian heaved a sigh of relief after hearing that. 
Indeed, that was her biggest worry.
In fact, the current king was the reason Elysium had been isolated from the rest of the world. 
As such, Vivian was rather concerned that there might be a chance that the obstinate king would change his mind upon the arrival of the overseas merchants. 
Matteo's words had given her the assurance she needed. 
At the same time, Vivian's thoughts drifted to Kurt again. 
When the group of them arrived at the lake near the palace, they saw the royal honor guards who were in charge of receiving guests. 
They also noticed that trees on both sides of the lake had been decorated with colorful ribbons and feathers. 
"What are these?" 
"This is the tribe's way of welcoming guests.It's a royal treatment that's only reserved for their most distinguished guests.The feathers attached to the trees are from extremely rare birds and beasts in the region.And those ribbons are hand-sewn by the people of the tribe." 
After accepting the task, Vivian had spent two days scouring the internet for information about the tribe and its entire history. 
As such, she had no problem answering the questions posed by the merchants. 
After listening to her explanation and knowing that they were being accorded the royal treatment, the overseas guests were delighted. 
They had wide smiles on their faces all the way until they were escorted into the palace by the honor guards.
It was the same for Vivian, who had a jovial expression on her face until she finally saw the young man who was awaiting their arrival in the palace. 
Kurt...She called out to him silently in her heart. 
However, she noticed that Kurt still had a frosty expression on his face, and he did not even look at her. 
After sweeping a glance at the overseas merchants, Kurt turned his gaze toward his father, the current king of Elysium.
###Chapter 1665
Chapter 1665
"They are the overseas merchants I told you about.There are a dozen of them.If we manage to strike a successful deal with them, people will start buying Elysium's products,"Kurt explained to his father in a rather gentle tone. 
In contrast, however, the king appeared to be quite indifferent. 
In fact, upon careful observation, Vivian noticed that the king had an impatient look on his face.He even appeared to be slightly averse to the presence of the group of them. 
"Ms.Hayes, are these two the leaders of the tribe?" 
"Yes, the younger one is the prince of Elysium.He's also the main person in charge of this collaboration" 
Vivian quickly explained to the merchant, snapping out of her daze. 
The overseas guests had a look of realization on their faces after hearing her words and waited patiently for the instructions for the next steps from their two hosts. 
"Lucy, help them settle into their seats and inform the kitchen to serve the dishes.Make sure to take good care of them." 
Kurt's cold voice rang out in the hall. 
Soon after, a young lady who was dressed in a blue cloth costume and wearing numerous silver accessories appeared. 
"Yes, Prince Kurt," the young lady lowered her head and answered with a respectful bow.
After that, she turned around and left the hall. 
The gaze of the overseas merchants lingered on the woman until she disappeared out of sight, her accessories tinkling as she walked past them. 
They were unable to take their eyes off those sterling silver accessories that she had on her as they had never seen such jewelry before. 
"That was stunning.I'm going to reserve it later." 
"Me too! The design is so unique" 
"Her clothes are pretty as well. 
Did you guys notice the material of the cloth? I wonder what dye they used that gave it its pure color." 
The merchants started to discuss among themselves. 
The king and the various chiefs, who were specially called to the palace that day to help entertain the guests, could feel their anger building when they noticed the behavior of the merchants, thinking that they were interested in Lucy. 
"Your Majesty, see that? I was right when I told you that they are not good people.I mean, look at the way they're staring at our women." 
"That's right! Did you see that lecherous expression of his?" 
"What are we waiting for? We should chase them out right now!" 
Some of them urged the king, exploding in anger.
Noticing that the king was going to be swayed by his subordinates’ comments and about to lose his temper, Kurt, who was seated next to him, let out a cold snort with a scornful smile appearing on his face. 
"Do you understand what they are talking about? Given how fancy the outside world is, do you really think the merchants would be interested in an attendant? They are just interested in the jewelry and costume Lucy was wearing and was talking about making orders for them" 
Kurt commented sharply in a mocking tone. 
Upon hearing the young man’s words, the chiefs felt as if they had been slapped in the face, and their faces turned bright red with embarrassment instantly.Even the king had an awkward expression on his face. 
Meanwhile, Vivian had been quietly observing the interactions between those men at a distance. 
Even though she was not able to figure out what they were talking about, she could tell from their expressions that it wasn't something pleasant. 
As such, she could not help but worry about the situation. 
That was, until the young man spoke. 
"Our distinguished guests, since you must be tired from traveling, please get some rest after the meal.After that, we will give you a tour of our tribe and introduce the goods we have to you.How does that sound?" 
The palace chief and Lucy appeared once again and quickly showed the overseas guests to their seats with Vivian following behind. 
However, just when she was about to get seated, Lucy stopped her.
"Ms.Hayes, your seat is over there.As those are foreign merchants, our king would like to interact more with them during the banquet.As such, we have reserved the seats at the front of the hall for them, She pointed to the seat right at the end of the hall.Vivian took a look at her allocated seat.Actually, she was not that particular about where she was seated. 
Previously, she was worried about the potential difficulty in communication between the Elysians and the overseas merchants due to their language barrier. 
However, since the palace chief was well- versed in foreign languages, her worries were put to rest. 
Without asking any questions, Vivian headed over to her seat. 
However, what she did not notice was that the expressions of the two men on the throne had darkened the instant she sat down. 
The atmosphere was so unsettling that it sent chills down one spine. 
Vivian started gobbling down her food, savoring the tribe's specialties, not paying attention at all to the conversations between the overseas merchants, the chiefs, and the king. 
Suddenly, slices of bloodied raw meat were served. 
"Everyone, this dish consists of raw venison meat from deer around the River of Styx.It's a local delicacy of Elysium.The River of Styx is one of the few remaining rivers with a high salt concentration containing extremely rare metals and minerals that also gave the river its black color.Those deer grew up drinking water from the river.As such, their meat is extremely tasty and nutritious.All of you should give it a try!" the palace chief explained when he saw the signature dish of the tribe being served. 
It was indeed a delicacy that even the royals did not get to eat regularly due to the rarity of such deer.
The eyes of the merchants lit up when they heard that and started digging in, completely ignoring the blood on the meat. 
"Wow, this is yummy!" 
"D*mn right it is! This is definitely one of the nicest food I've ever tasted!" 
While everyone was busy enjoying the delicacy, no one noticed that Vivian, who was seated at the back of the hall, had already turned pale. 
Beads of cold sweat dotted her forehead as she stared at the plate of bloodied raw meat.She was simply unable to look at it and have the dish in front of her any longer.
###Chapter 1666
Chapter 1666
"Who told you to serve this? Not everyone can consume raw meat! Take it away!" 
A furious voice belonging to the young man boomed from the throne, causing everyone in the large hall to jump in fright.He was now glaring at the plate of raw meat, his beautiful face looking especially somber. 
Lucy was dumbstruck.She quickly turned to the king, only to notice that he was also staring at his son in puzzlement. 
"Kaiden, wouldn't it be nice for them to give this a try?" 
"We're dealing with foreigners and businessmen, Father.What if they start hunting our deer after tasting them? We can trade silver and textiles, but the deer belong to the wild.If we refuse to trade these animals with them, they'll resort to hunting" the young man remarked coldly. 
Realization dawned on the king as he heard that.He, too, turned grim and roared at Lucy, who was kneeling on the ground. 
"You insolent! Who told you to serve this? What are you waiting for? Take it away!" 
"Bute" 
"You dare defy my orders? Men! Get her out of my sight! Make her remember her place!" 
The king immediately ordered for the woman to be whipped as her punishment. 
While everyone in the hall watched her being dragged away, the foreign businessmen appeared visibly confused.
Vivian was no different, but she quickly returned to her senses and felt relieved as someone came up to remove the bloody dish from the table.The feast lasted for over an hour. 
When it was over, everyone got ready to view the products. 
"Well, now that we're done with our meals, allow me to introduce you to our products," the chief announced. 
"Please do," the businessmen responded. 
Vivian, who had just finished her food, quickly followed them. 
The group exited the court and headed toward a few tribe members’ houses where the products were being exhibited.She walked along with the businessmen while introducing each product to them in French. 
"Have a look, Mr.Will.Everything here is purely handmade, and this is what they used to dye the goods.It's called woad, scientifically known as isatis tinctoria." 
The young girl had such an eloquent demeanor— unlike when she was busy stuffing her face back in the hall. 
The businessmen appeared satisfied and now had a grown interest in the tribe members’ goods. 
"What a remarkable young lady, I must say," the chief commented. 
"She knows so much for her age.Elysium will benefit greatly if this event turns out to be a success, Your Majesty." 
"Indeed." The king finally appeared pleased as he nodded.
Just as he was preparing to head to the following house, he noticed his son next to him staring right at Vivian. 
The young man's eyes had always been cold and unapproachable, but for some reason, there was now a slight hint of gentleness in them as though a ray of light was slowly melting an iceberg. 
The king said nothing. 
"Let's go, Prince Kurt” said the chief as he noticed the prince spacing out. 
Kurt snapped back to reality and retracted his gaze.By the time he turned to leave, his eyes had regained their usual frostiness. 
Noticing that, the king stared at the young man's back with a profound expression. 
"When is his birthday?" 
"Hmm?" 
The chief hastily turned to look at the king. 
"Are you referring to Prince Kurt, Your Majesty?" 
"Yes." 
"Very soon.On the eighth, to be exact.You've mentioned wanting to have him select the candidates for his royal concubine, Your Majesty, so I've already informed a few of those families" the chief explained thoroughly. 
Turning sixteen was a huge deal in Elysium.
Here, the age of sixteen signified adulthood and members of the royal family would immediately begin wedding preparations for the princesses. 
Of course, the princes were no exception. 
In fact, it was all the more important. 
That was why the royal court had long prepared for the arrival of their future ruler. 
Not only were they going to hold his coming of age ceremony on a grand scale, but they also intended to provide him with an extraordinary selection of royal concubines. 
Lucy was one of the candidates. 
The king nodded approvingly. 
The group continued to walk ahead. 
The next house they were going to involve silver ornaments. 
As Vivian had little knowledge in this area, she let the chief do the explaining while she admired the products alongside the businessmen. 
"Do you like them, young lady?" The tribe members approached her enthusiastically, assuming she was also a foreigner because of her attire and the group she had arrived with.
###Chapter 1667
Chapter 1667
Vivian didn't understand. 
However, she had been captivated by some tiny bell ornaments laying among the other jewelry. 
"How much is this?" she asked while gesturing with her hands. 
"Very cheap! One for ten of these." 
Elysians were simple and honest people. 
One of them smiled bashfully and raised his index finger at Vivian.Oh? One hundred per piece? Beaming, she grabbed a handful of silver beads as her other hand rummaged through her little purse. 
She then took out a large currency and handed it over. 
The Elysian man was speechless. 
"Why? Is it not enough?" asked Vivian. 
Having grown up in such a comfortable environment, the young girl clearly had no concept of money. 
Even while studying abroad in Yartran, everything she bought would cost hundreds. 
Thankfully, a royal guard hurried over to clarify the situation. 
"These items don't cost that much, Princess.He meant that it's one for ten of these beads, not a hundred for each one." 
"Huh?" It was Vivian's turn to be taken aback.
Then, her face instantly flushed as she kept the money and began to search her purse for some smaller change. 
"Mr.Guard, I don't have any small change.What should I do?" 
The guard was stunned by her sweet voice. 
On top of that, she even addressed him so affectionately. 
Feeling the heat in his ears, the man quickly handed a small sum of money to the tribe member and left in a hurry, afraid that he would suffer the same fate as Lucy if he were to remain here any longer. 
After getting her beads, Vivian noticed the foreigners were now in the midst of business negotiations with the tribe members. 
Thus, she found a place to sit before taking out the beads and some thread. 
Look at how pretty these tiny bells are! I'm going to turn them into bracelets and give them to my friends. 
"This is for Sonia.This one's for Mona.Hmm...And this one—" 
"Hmm? What are you mumbling about, Miss?" 
While Vivian sat alone on a stone slab making her bracelets and mastering her friends’ names, a little girl seemingly younger than her suddenly appeared from behind. 
With a pair of twinkling eyes, she watched in amazement as Vivian swiftly turned a handful of beads into a gorgeous-looking bracelet. 
Where did this pretty little girl come from? She looks adorable! Speechless by her facial features, Vivian couldn't stop staring at the child.
"Who are you?" 
"I'm Nina! I came over from there.That's a really nice bracelet you have there, Miss.Can I have one too?" 
The child appeared to be seven or eight and spoke eloquently. 
However, what surprised Vivian most was the fact that she spoke fluent Chanaean.I can understand what she's saying! "Sure, but how are you able to speak my language?" 
"My uncle taught me." 
"Your uncle? He can speak Chanaean too? Who is he?" 
"Uh..." The child fell into silence. 
So did Vivian.Forget it.I mean, she's probably only eight.Thinking that, she began to make another bracelet. 
When she was done, Vivian held it up and looped it around the girl's hand. 
"Do you like it?" 
"I do" The child grinned with delight. 
Vivian thought she would leave right away, but the latter knelt beside her and grabbed her hand when no one else was paying attention to them. 
"Come on.Let's go eat something yummy" 
"Huh?" Vivian was astonished.
In just a couple of minutes, the two girls disappeared into the unknown while the adults carried on with negotiations. 
It was only when they were about to discuss some contract and deposit-related matters—something even the chief didn't understand—that they realized Vivian had gone missing. 
"That's weird.Where did Ms.Hayes go?" 
"You're right.Wasn't she just here a while ago? Where is she?" 
"What are you waiting for? Find her at once!" 
AS soon as someone fumed, the entire entourage broke out in a cold sweat and began searching for Vivian. 
To their surprise, they found her squatting beside a little girl under a family's roof as she munched on a large roasted chicken drumstick. 
"Is it yummy?" asked Nina. 
"Yeah, it is.But are you sure it's okay for us to steal someone else's chicken? Should we leave them some money?" 
Despite enjoying the chicken drumstick, Vivian still felt guilty and was about to take some money out of her purse. 
The little girl refused. 
"Oh, don't you worry about that! A chicken doesn't even cost that much.We can just pluck some wild fruits from the mountains in return."
Wild fruits? Are fruits worth more than a chicken? The crowd watched in shock as the naive young woman fell for the words of a child who was practically ten years younger than her. 
Who knew how many more lies she would believe if they hadn't shown up in time?
###Chapter 1668
Chapter 1668
"What are you doing, Nina? Who told you to teach her such things?" 
A frantic Kurt lost his temper upon seeing them and yelled at the little girl. 
That caught Nina's attention. 
"Kurt?" 
Her face turned pale as she dropped her chicken drumstick on the ground. 
Thud! Vivian was at a loss for words. 
Kurt is her brother? She followed the little girl's gaze, only to stumble upon Kurt's charming yet gloomy face. 
Thud! She stopped her chicken drumstick too. 
Oh no. 
A few minutes later, Nina was taken back to the palace by a few royal guards. 
Meanwhile, Vivian, whose hands were still full of grease, remained standing before everyone else.She was so embarrassed that she wanted to crawl into a hole. 
"Uh..." 
"Did you not have enough to eat during the feast, Princess Vivian?" 
The chief interrupted her before she could explain anything.
"Why did you still do such a thing with Princess Nina?" 
Vivian didn't know what else to say.She glanced at a furious-looking Kurt.Her lips twitched slightly before she finally decided to speak to him. 
"Was that your sister? So, you've rescued them?" She felt happy for him. 
Yet, Kurt scoffed in response. 
"Did you do that on purpose, Princess? Did you come over knowing she'd be here? What are you up to? Were you trying to get close to Nina just so you could continue to stick around and bother me?" 
From those words, an initially sheepish Vivian turned to him sharply as though something had just triggered her. 
Now, she was filled with disbelief, anger, and humiliation. 
Bother him? Did he really just say that? Her eyes slowly reddened.She then took out the bracelet she had made for him, flung it to the ground, and ran off. 
What a meanie! I'm never going to forgive him! Her actions weren't too surprising.Her parents had doted on her ever since she was born. 
How could she ever tolerate such humiliation? She was their rarest gem, the most precious flower in the world. 
The thought of her being a nuisance was too much for her to handle. 
Vivian stayed away from that day on. 
Back in the royal court, the king had returned and was in the midst of a discussion about Kurt's future empress with a trusted aide.
Just as he was considering adding Vivian to the list of candidates, he stopped writing upon hearing what had happened. 
"You're saying Kaiden humiliated her?" 
"Yes, Your Majesty.She was found causing some trouble with Princess Nina.They stole someone's chicken and ate it.Prince Kurt was livid and chased her away after he reprimanded her harshly on the spot" an officer reported. 
"In that case, Your Majesty, perhaps we would be better off not including her" the aide suggested. 
"We brought this matter up so suddenly that we don't even know if the Jadesons will approve, but now that even Prince Kurt doesn't like her, I suppose we really shouldn't consider her anymore." 
The king fell silent for a moment. 
Alas, he put his pen down regrettably.He truly wanted this marriage to happen. 
These are the Jadesons we're talking about, a family with a population of over ten thousand in the country! How advantageous it would be for Elysium to join them through marriage! They're practically royalty. 
After the foreign businessmen had left happily, the chief returned only to find that Kurt hadn't come out ever since returning to Agarwood Pavilion. 
Even Nina had returned after being punished, although she was kept downstairs. 
For the entire night, a depressing atmosphere surrounded Agarwood Pavilion.It was as though the whole place was shrouded by a thick, dark fog. 
Lucy also came over in the middle of the night.
Standing at the foot of the stairs, she noticed there was not a single sound or any lights from above. 
However, she detected a pungent stench of blood, causing her expression to turn harrow. 
The woman immediately climbed up one of the towers. 
The closer she was to that room, the stronger the scent, and the more panic-stricken she became. 
After dashing over, she barged right into the room. 
"Prince Kurt? Prince—" 
Swoosh! Suddenly, a sharp came flying in her direction. 
Unable to hide, Lucy frantically bent over her back.It was rather surprising that a frail young woman like her had managed to narrowly evade the weapon. 
Crack! With a bone-chilling sound, a sharp dagger landed an inch deep into the windowpane behind Lucy. 
The woman broke out in a cold sweat. 
"D-Don't be afraid, Kurt.I’m just here to give you some medicine.The poisonous bugs are acting up again, aren't they? Don't worry.I have something that will help!" she called out to him, her voice trembling. 
While assuring the young man in the dark, Lucy began to walk toward him. 
She wasn't sure if the silence was because the poisonous bugs had taken over or because Kurt no longer had the energy to move after throwing that dagger. 
Regardless, the young woman held her breath and slowly lifted the drapes.
###Chapter 1669
Chapter 1669
Even though the room was pitch black, she could see once her eyes had adjusted to the darkness. 
There was a young man sitting on the bed who was breathing heavily. 
With one hand gripping the edge of the bed and the other on his chest, it was apparent that Kurt was in pain. 
In that instant, Lucy turned pale when she saw the pool of blood. 
"Prince Kurt!" 
She immediately rushed over and got down in front of him. 
When she saw Kurt's face was covered in perspiration, her heart ached so badly as though someone was tearing it apart. 
"What happened to you? Why are you having another relapse all of a sudden? Didn't you just take the medicine two days ago? Did that dad of yours upset you again?" 
Her heart wrenched.She immediately took out the medicine that she had brought along with her and gave him two. 
However, just as she wanted to give him the medicine, he looked up. 
"Get lost!" 
Then, he smacked the medicine away. 
Lucy was speechless.
At that moment, she had the urge to seize control of him and forced the medicine down his throat. 
In the end, she held back. 
Putting a lid on her temper, Lucy tried to talk some sense into him. 
"Prince Kurt, please calm down.You're in a precarious situation right now.If you can't put up with it, you will only end up with more suffering.If you still want to save your mom, then the only thing you can do in front of the king is to bear with it.Do you understand?" Kurt remained silent afterward. 
He shut his eyes because the pain in him had reached its peak. 
She could nearly hear his knuckles cracking as he gripped the edge of the bed. 
His entire body started to tremble as well. 
The moment Lucy saw that, she took out another two pills and gave it to him. 
"I beg of you.Please take the medicine, Prince Kurt." She still did not dare to force the pills down his throat. 
Instead, she appealed to him. 
Perhaps, her words got to him. 
After staying silent for a few seconds, Kurt finally took the medicine from her hand. 
When Lucy felt his icy cold fingertips on her palm, she could not help but shudder. 
That old b*stard! After taking the pills, Kurt's breathing gradually went back to normal. 
The pain in his face had also clearly dissipated.
As soon as he got better, she quickly lit the candle, and there was light at last. 
There were electric lights in Agarwood Pavilion. 
However, given the fact that it was already very late into the night, a bright light would certainly arouse suspicion. 
Lucy returned to the bedside. 
"Prince Kurt, are you feeling better now? Should I get you some water?" 
"All right." Lucy was thrilled. 
She turned around and poured him a glass of water. 
In truth, ever since both of them had regained consciousness, she had been serving Kurt. 
Hence, there was nothing wrong with her doing any of those chores for him. 
Without any delay, Lucy went to fetch a basin of hot water and proceeded to wipe the young prince down. 
She then helped him change into a new set of clothes. 
After that, she asked with her head bowed, "Prince Kurt, did you have another conflict with the king today?" 
She still wanted to know the answer to her question. 
Since he had only taken his medicine two days ago, it was impossible for him to have another relapse unless something had upset him tremendously.
That was the effect of those worms on his body. Kurt said nothing. 
However, he looked grim. 
Lucy understood. 
"I knew it.It's because of the foreign business issues, isn't it? I told you before.In this backward tribe, people may not appreciate what you have done for them.The same goes for the king.If anything goes wrong, you're the one who gets blamed for it!" 
"You seem to be very familiar with this area.Aren't you being fed the worm just like me?" 
Kurt's sudden hostility took her aback. 
Lucy looked up and saw his narrow eyes staring at her coldly.She felt a chill down her spine and quickly stood up. 
"I-l have been observing them for quite a while now.It isn't difficult to notice such things." 
"Really?" 
"Yes, Prince Kurt.You hardly step out of here.Every day, you're forced to stay in Agarwood Pavilion and study hard in order to take over the throne in the future.I'm only an attendant, so I get to go out frequently.As such, I get to see more than you do," explained Lucy in a hurry. 
She was worried that he might become suspicious. 
Thankfully, Kurt did not question her further after her clarification. 
Once Lucy got out of Agarwood Pavilion, she let out a long sigh of relief.
At one point, she had been so nervous that her legs had gone soft. 
That was so close! Luckily, I'm smart enough. 
Then again, this is all because of Vivian Hayes. 
It will be good if she can just disappear from here. 
Lucy held on to the pillar next to her. 
When she thought of Vivian, who had ruined things for her repeatedly, a murderous look flashed across her eyes.
###Chapter 1670
Chapter 1670
The next morning, the tribal chiefs came to the palace and reported events that took place in the tribes as usual. 
As for the officials in charge of the foreign businessmen, no one had come. 
The king frowned and asked, "What's going on? I thought the foreign businessmen were very pleased yesterday.Why aren't we hearing from them?" 
The palace chief started to panic. 
"Your Majesty, we have already made our inquiries this morning.According to Mr.Jadeson, both his sister and him worked tirelessly for Elysium.In the end, they're still being told off.Now, they refuse to serve us anymore.He said we're on our own regarding business matters!" 
What! Everyone who was present was shocked! Then again, they could not help but admit such an arrogant attitude was completely Matteo's style.He was not going to allow anyone to bully his sister! The king's expression looked terrible.He turned to his son. 
"Kaiden, what exactly is going on? Everything was fine yesterday.Why did you have an argument with Vivian? No matter how much you dislike her, you shouldn't have made such a mistake with these important matters." 
Everyone could hear how furious the king was.No one dared to utter a word. 
Kurt, on the other hand, sat there without any expression. 
"She instigated Nina to steal chickens.Why can't I reprimand her?"
"Nina? So, this is all her fault again.Men, tie her up and give her twenty slaps! After that, bring her to the Jadesons and get her to apologize!" 
When the king heard his own daughter had caused the mess, he actually ordered his men to punish the child.It did not cross his mind that she was only seven years old. 
Kurt immediately shot him a murderous glance that resembled that of a beast. 
"You can try" 
What? The king fell silent while the others gasped in shock and stared at Kurt. 
They could sense the prince was even more terrifying than his dad. 
Kurt was no longer the same person who they could just execute like how they wanted to five years ago.He had already turned into a very fierce wolf cub. 
When they saved him back then, he had nearly slaughtered everyone in the forest.If he had not been exhausted, he would not have landed in their hands. 
The king's face turned bright red. 
"Then tell me.What should we do? We know nothing about those foreign businessmen.Before this, you told me we must work with these people in order to get out of our backward situation.Now that the pair of siblings have refused to help us and we have no experience in working with foreign businessmen, how should we go about doing it?" 
Kurt finally retracted his icy gaze.He then replied begrudgingly, "I'll go and look for them and settle this issue on my own.But listen to me carefully.If you dare to touch Nina, I will come after you." 
With that, he left the huge hall with his subordinates.
The king was enraged! 
"How dare he threaten me? Is he tired of living?" 
"Your Majesty, please don't get so worked up.Prince Kurt is worried about his own sister.That's understandable.As long as he can resolve this matter, he can redeem himself, from the mistake," advised the palace chief. 
Redeem himself! Ha! They really treat this place like they would in ancient times.A dad will threaten anyone with death at any time. 
Even his own son is the same. 
As for the rest of them, they actually think that they are courtiers.I can't believe they speak of redemption. 
How ironic! Back at the tribe office. 
In truth, Vivian did not go to the tribe office that morning because she had overslept. 
She was indeed very upset and angry the day before. 
Later in the day, Matt took her to the town for a sumptuous meal. 
Vivian even had a taste of the local rum. 
Afterward, she got drunk and fell asleep until now. 
"Vivi? Vivi?" 
"Yes?"
She was lying on the bed and heard someone calling out her name. 
That was when she opened her eyes and looked at the person who had disrupted her sleep. 
"What's wrong?" 
It was the staff from Summerbank who had stayed back to work there. 
When he saw she was awake, he quickly told her, "The sun is already up.Why are you still sleeping? You didn't go to the palace to sign the agreement on the foreign businessmen's behalf today.Now, the king's son is here.He's waiting for you downstairs." 
Vivian was dumbfounded. 
Hold on a second. 
The son of the king? Her reaction had always been slower than others, and the fact that she had just woken up did not help at all. 
Then, she heard voices from downstairs. 
"I'm so sorry, Prince Kurt.Vivian isn't up yet.I've already sent someone to wake her up.Please wait for a while." 
"She's still here?" 
"Yes.Last night, she went out with her brother for a meal.I heard she drank too much rum, and he had to carry her back.She has been sleeping till now" explained one of the staff
###Chapter 1671
Chapter 1671
Kurt, who had come all the way with his men, stood there speechless. 
There was still an emotionless look on his face, but when he heard that, his lips were no longer pursed.His hands, which were behind his back, began to relax as well. 
"Since that's the case, don't disturb her.I can speak with her brother instead." 
"What?" The staff was taken aback. 
Just then, they heard footsteps coming down the stairs, and the crisp voice of a girl rang out. 
"It's fine! I'm coming down now!" 
Not long after, a girl dressed in pajamas with messy hair appeared in front of them. 
Everyone, including Kurt, was at a loss for words. 
"I'm here" Vivian called out in a clear voice.Her sparkling eyes looked like the bright stars up in the night sky. 
What a silly girl. 
The day before, his words had hurt her so badly. 
Now that Kurt was here to look for her, she had forgotten all about it and came running down happily.Kurt was so overwhelmed by her dazzling gaze he had to turn away. 
"Princess Vivian, if it isn't convenient for you, it's fine. I can speak with your brother." She quickly assured him that it would be no trouble for her at all.
"It's convenient.Why won't it be? It's very convenient.But, Prince Kurt, please hang on for a while.Let me get ready.I'll look for you once I'm done-" 
With that, she ran upstairs.The staff could only look on in embarrassment. 
Nobody can wake her up the entire morning!Last night, she had been cursing at Kurt ever since she got back.She said he was a heartless person and that she never wanted to see him again. 
I even have to promise her that I will shield her from him.And now? The staff was immensely hurt at that thought. 
On the contrary, Kurt was very calm. 
Once Vivian told him that she was willing to go with him, he stood in the lobby and admired a painting that was hanging on the wall. 
Ten minutes later, they could hear Vivian's voice again. 
"All right.We can go now." 
This time around, her appearance took their breaths away.She was wearing a casual, champagne- colored dress she had designed herself. 
The lower half of the dress was loose fitting with two huge pockets.It was a simple and casual style that suited her youthfulness. 
The light makeup that she had applied made her look even more irresistible. 
Even Kurt was dazzled by her. 
"Prince Kurt?"
"Yes?" 
When he heard his men calling him, he finally regained his senses.He hastily retracted his gaze before walking out. 
"Let's go then." 
"Okay." 
Vivian, who had been waiting for his compliments, saw him walking away coldly.She pursed her lips and followed him out.Forget it.I'll forgive him since he has come all the way to fetch me personally. 
On the way to the palace, Kurt ignored her most of the time.It seemed that coming to fetch her was just another mission to him. 
He's too much! Vivian started feeling unhappy again. 
"Wait.I haven't had my breakfast yet.I'll eat something first before going with you." 
Afterward, Vivian ignored him and ran off to the elderly lady who sold bread in the tribe. 
When Kurt saw that, he frowned and stopped to wait for her.He saw Vivian pointing at the bread and asking the old lady, "How much is this? I want two." 
"Two." The elderly woman showed two fingers. 
Ah... 
Two for two pieces of bread.
Now that Vivian knew the price of things there, she immediately took out her money and paid the woman. 
She then added, "I also want a cup of goat's milk with more sugar." 
She pointed at the warm pot of goat's milk to indicate her intention. 
In the tribe, most of the people would keep just enough for themselves and their families of whatever they had harvested or farmed and sold the rest. 
The warm pot of diary had only been milked that very morning. 
When the elderly women heard Vivian wanted the goat's milk, she was naturally pleased. 
Whatever the latter had paid her was considered a huge amount for her. 
The elderly scooped a huge cup for her, but she did not add any sugar because she could not understand Vivian. 
Vivian did not know what to do. 
Why does she not add sugar to my milk? Maybe I didn't pay enough? Vivian blinked and started to dig for more money.
###Chapter 1672
Chapter 1672
Kurt and his men could not take it anymore. 
One of his men was about to stop Vivian when a tall and frustrated figure beat him to it. 
"What else do you want to buy? Goat's milk is already sweet." 
"Really?" 
Vivian finally stopped digging for money.It's already sweetened? She looked up and glanced at Kurt who was standing in front of her. 
He looked away and rushed her instead. 
"Hurry up and finish it.We have to get back to the palace.My dad is still waiting for you." 
Vivian pouted her mouth in response and drank her milk.It was sweet but not enough for her liking. 
In the end, she forced herself to finish the milk. 
Since she did not get what she wanted in her milk, she also lost interest in the bread that she had bought. 
"Do you want the bread? You can have them." 
"What?" 
Kurt's subordinate was stunned! Is she for real? The princess has given me something. 
Most importantly, she is so respectful toward me! The man was so startled that he accepted the bread in a daze while staring at Vivian who was walking away.
Slap! Just like that, the bread in his hand was gone. 
Instead, there were two dangerous-looking eyes staring at him. 
"Take him away and beat him fifty times!" 
"Yes, Prince Kurt!" 
"Also, throw these in the river.Make sure you cast them as far away as you can" Kurt lost it. 
Not only had he thrown the two pieces of bread down on the ground, but he also wanted to destroy them completely. 
That is scary! Vivian had walked away fast, so she did not witness the scene. 
However, once she was about to arrive at the palace, she bumped into someone she knew. 
"It's you? Why haven't you left?" 
"Why should I leave?" 
Vivian was getting angry when she saw how her old friend was treating her. 
That's right. 
Why should I leave?Have I ever mentioned that I am leaving? Perhaps, she has already found out about what happened yesterday. 
As such, she hopes I will leave this place. 
I wonder if she is the one who has been spreading the rumors in the tribe.
The night before, the staff at the office had told Vivian that the whole tribe knew about her unfortunate incident in which she had instigated the princess to steal the chicken. 
Vivian eyed the girl in front of her with fury. 
However, Lucy returned to her usual self in an instant. 
"You must have misunderstood me.I only heard that you have been told off by Prince Kurt yesterday in front of several people because you stole and ate a chicken.I thought you wouldn't be able to bear staying here any longer" explained Lucy briefly as she walked toward Vivian. 
The latter was about to retort when Kurt came along with his subordinates.She saw Lucy's face change into a smiling one as the woman went over to Kurt in a hurry. 
"Prince Kurt, you're back? I have prepared a lozenge tablet for you.Please use it before seeing the king," said Lucy in a sickeningly sweet voice. 
When Vivian turned around, she realized Lucy was also holding an umbrella in her hand, and she opened it up for Kurt. 
Vivian was so angry that she was clenching her fists.This is too much.If he dares to eat what Lucy has brought for him, I will leave right now. 
I won't even stay in this place anymore.I will go back to Yartran! She stared furiously at the two of them. 
In the end, Kurt turned Lucy down coldly. 
Vivian did not know if it was because of her frightening stare or the fact that they were in public. 
"Don't block my way!"
"Prince Kurt?" 
When Lucy heard that, she looked up in shock. 
However, Kurt did not even glance at her once.He walked past her and stopped next to Vivian. 
"Princess, what are you looking at? Aren't you going in?" 
"Okay," Vivian agreed reluctantly. 
Before she turned around to go into the palace, she made a face at Lucy who was fuming in rage. 
"Stop wasting your time." 
Lucy was so angry that her face was turning green. 
In reality, Vivian was still very young, so it was normal for her to act childishly at times. 
However, she did not realize that Kurt had seen what she did and was trying his best not to laugh. 
The two of them finally arrived at the palace. 
When the king saw Vivian had come, he was very pleased. 
"Princess, I thought you had already left Elysium.I apologize to you on behalf of my useless son.I hope you won't take it to heart." 
"No, no, I won't.I'm not that petty.I came to boost the development of the tribe.I won't leave until we have settled the matter." 
Vivian sat down and behaved seriously and sensibly.She was a completely different person from just a while ago.
###Chapter 1673
Chapter 1673
The king smiled in satisfaction. 
Hence, everyone formally reported the collaboration with the foreign businesses. 
When Vivian saw that contract, she also took out her laptop from her bag and started verifying the details. 
"Mr.King, we've also received some contracts that the foreign businesses have sent.According to my previous discussion with them, we will receive 30% of their deposits before providing them with the fabric and silver accessories." 
Looking at her laptop, Vivian started explaining to everyone else in the hall.However, she directly started off with 'Mr.King’. 
All the other chiefs in the hall broke out in cold sweat. 
Meanwhile, the king was stunned when he heard that.He had probably never imagined someone calling him that one day. 
"She only uses that address on someone whom she respects.She grew up in a very formidable family, with her father wielding immense power.Hence, she doesn't really see relationships by status, but rather by seniority." 
Kurt's voice sounded. 
Vivian raised her head and discovered that Kurt was speaking in Elysiumese.
However, after he spoke, the king and the other chiefs all revealed a look a revelation.What are they talking about? Vivian looked confused. 
"Mr.King?" 
"Okay, then.Let's follow what Vivian said.It's our first time doing business with outsiders, so let's follow her instructions," answered the king with a smile. 
Vivian broke out into a grin upon hearing that.She continued reviewing the contracts on her laptop. 
After tidying everything up, she took out a calculator from her bag and started pressing the buttons in front of everyone. 
"Mr.King, I've already calculated everything.If we accept all of the orders and 30% of their deposits, we will receive six million, five hundred and thirty thousand" 
"How much again?" The king widened his eyes when he heard that. 
Meanwhile, the other chiefs held their breaths, wanting to hear the sum clearly. 
Sitting there, Vivian grinned brightly before writing a few numbers down on a piece of paper. 
"Here! Six million, five hundred and thirty thousand.It's in Moranta’s currency.After the money is wired here, we still need to convert the currency.According to the current conversion rates, one unit of Moranta's money can be converted to around six units of your currency.In other words, that'll be thirty- six million, Mr.King!" 
Vivian's clear and cute voice sounded extremely nice.She stretched out all of her ten fingers and showed everyone in the hall how much they could earn this time. 
Everyone was overwhelmed with joy.
Oh my God! More than thirty million? Elysium has never seen so much money! The king was delighted. 
"Are you serious, Princess? Can we receive that much money in one go?" 
"Yeah! And it's only 30% of the total sum.After we deliver our goods, we can receive the remaining 70%.By then, that'll be hundreds of millions, Mr.King!" Vivian was happy too. 
Having made this collaboration a success, she felt a sense of accomplishment as well. 
After all, this was her first time doing something for her father. 
The atmosphere in the hall immediately became extremely lively. 
Everyone erupted into cheers, feeling happy and excited about this piece of amazing news. 
Naturally, they were very grateful to Vivian. 
"Princess, you helped Elysium a lot this time! How would you like me to reward you? I'll agree to whatever you say." 
The high and mighty king of Elysium, who was fearfully respected by everyone, started referring to himself as ‘Mr.King’. 
Sitting there, Vivian blinked her big round eyes. 
After a while, she pouted. 
"I'm hungry.Mr.King, can you prepare a feast for me like what you did the other day?" 
The hall descended into silence for more than ten seconds. 
Even the corners of Kurt's eyes twitched.
That afternoon, the court prepared a grand feast again. 
This time, it was for Vivian's sake. 
When Lucy heard that outside, she did not say anything. 
However, with her head lowered, she glared at the firewood in her hands grimly.It was as if her gaze was completely devoid of any life. 
Like the forbidden Black Marsh of her tribe, her eyes were filled with murderous intent. 
"What are you thinking about, Lucy? The princess of the Jadesons is so capable! Girls from outside are so different from girls in our tribe.They can conquer the world!" 
"Really?" 
"Yeah! Even the king specially hosted a feast for her.This is the first time it happened in Elysium." 
The other court attendants, who were tidying the firewood with her, started discussing this matter enviously. 
"Really? If that's the case, should we nominate her to the king? Should we let the heiress of the Jadesons supervise the goods of our tribe?" 
"Huh?" 
The court attendants raised their heads. 
Let her supervise the work? Is that really appropriate? She's unfamiliar with the tribe's handicrafts. 
Also, it wouldn't be nice for her if those stubborn villagers who still oppose this plan see her.
###Chapter 1674
Chapter 1674
Vivian was very full after eating at the palace. 
As the court needed to hold an urgent meeting to let the tribe start the production, she strolled out of the hall after eating and went to play outside. 
"Oh! You're here." 
To her surprise, she spotted that little girl when she went to the garden behind the palace.It was none other than Nina, who had lured her into stealing and eating the chicken yesterday. 
At that moment, she was squatting in the garden. 
Vivian did not know what Nina was doing, but she was burrowing into a bush with her butt poking out. 
Vivian walked over. 
When Nina discovered Vivian and realized that she was the person whom she had tricked yesterday, she was scared.She tossed the mud in her hands away and prepared to flee. 
"Hey! Why are you running? I'm not going to hit you." Rushing forward, Vivian grabbed her and pulled her back. 
"Argh!" 
To her surprise, Nina shrieked in pain after being grabbed by her. 
Vivian was so shocked that she quickly released the child. 
"I'm sorry.I didn't do it on purpose.Did I hurt you?"
She had no intention of scolding Nina. 
Instead, she looked worried when she heard Nina yell out in pain. 
Nina was stunned. 
Only then did the tension leave her tiny body. 
"I'm fine..." 
Feigning indifference, she pulled her hand back, not wanting Vivian to see the red mark on her hand after his brother hit her. 
"Why are you here? Did you get caught after the others discovered that you stole the chicken?" 
"No.Your brother invited me here!" explained Vivian proudly in front of the girl. 
Nina was speechless. 
How childish! No longer feeling wary, she squatted and continued fiddling around with the mud, ignoring Vivian. 
When Vivian saw that, she moved over curiously. 
"What are you doing?" Nina replied, "Can't you see? I'm digging for fruits to eat." 
Vivian paused.Her rationality informed her that Nina was playing a prank on her again. 
How can there be fruits in the garden? However, as she wanted to find out about something, she had an idea.
Pretending to look extremely shocked and curious, she asked, "Really? What fruits? I want to eat them too!" 
Err...she's really dumb.Nina complained silently as she continued digging for her flower. 
Naturally, she was not trying to dig for fruits. 
Instead, she wanted to dig out the flower and plant it somewhere else. 
That spot was too dark and cold.She hoped that a beautiful and colorful flower would grow, so the person staying there could feel happy. 
"Nina, I heard that you're Prince Kurt's sister, right?" 
"So what if I am?" admitted Nina impatiently. 
When Vivian heard that, she felt overjoyed. 
Squatting there and looking at the little girl, she felt so excited that her breathing quickened. 
She's really his sister! 
"Really? Then it's my honor to have met a princess! Princess, have all of you been staying in this palace all along? I've never met you previously." 
Suppressing her excitement, Vivian struck up a conversation with Nina. 
As expected, Nina felt much better when Vivian called her 'Princess'.She turned around and shot Vivian a disdainful glance with her pretty eyes.
"I'm a princess, so a commoner like you definitely has never seen me.Also, I didn't stay here in the past." 
"Huh? You didn't stay here? Where did you stay, then? Is it a prettier and better place than this?" 
"No.That place is very...cold and dark." 
The look in Nina's eyes suddenly dimmed.She seemed unwilling to mention that. 
When she spoke, her eyes were evidently filled with fear and repulsion. 
Vivian did not know what to say. 
All of a sudden, her heart ached. 
Looks like Daphne was right. 
Nina must have been locked up in a horrible place before they came here. 
However, I was at the River of Styx with Kurt that day. 
Kurt went to the Black Marsh. 
But after I regained consciousness, I heard from Matteo that when those at SteelFort saw Kurt, they did not see him bring anyone back.So, does this mean that they weren't at the Black Marsh? Where were they locked up in? Vivian felt even more worried. 
"Really? What kind of place is that? Does such a place exist here? When I was young, I was often locked up as well because I was disobedient." 
"Really?"
"Yeah, but my parents won't lock me up in a dark and cold place.That's why I'd like to know where you've been locked up! Was your mom the one who locked you up?" Vivian started to tempt her patiently, wishing to find out the truth.
###Chapter 1675
Chapter 1675
However, when she said that, Nina's expression turned even more uncomfortable. 
With a grim look on her face, she stood up abruptly. 
"My mom will never lock me up! It's that evil person who locked me and Mom up!" 
"Huh? Even your mom was locked up too?" Vivian immediately revealed an extremely shocked expression. 
She stared at Nina with a look of utter disbelief. 
"Why did he lock you up? Did you do anything wrong? Also, where were you locked up? Were you released? What about your mom? Was she released too?" She asked the questions she wanted to know the answers to. 
However, at that moment, someone came into the garden. 
When he saw them talking there, he approached them directly. 
"Why are you here, Princess Nina? Hurry up and go back to your sewing lessons! Otherwise, the king might punish you later."It was the palace chief.When Nina saw him, her expression changed.After blurting out a reply, she stood up hurriedly.Vivian panicked too when she saw that. 
Grabbing Nina, she asked rapidly, "Nina, tell me now! Has your mom been released? Tell me quickly! I can help you!" 
Nina remained silent.
A while later, before the palace chief reached them, Nina turned around and said quickly, "No, my mom is still being locked up" 
"Where is she?" 
"Nina, why are you so disobedient? You're still clinging onto this lady" 
Furious, the palace chief walked faster. 
Nina did not dare to speak anymore.She flung Vivian's hand away forcefully and sprinted away. 
Vivian was speechless. 
How frustrating! "Princess Vivian?" 
"What?" snapped Vivian impatiently as she was ina horrible mood. 
The palace chief smiled appeasingly. 
"I'm sorry, Princess.Princess Nina is still young and ignorant, and she has bothered you.Don't worry, I won't let her run around next time." 
Vivian did not know if the chief was doing it on purpose, but he thought that Nina’s conversation with her was because of the stolen chicken yesterday. 
Stomping her feet, Vivian could not be bothered to talk to him. 
Just when she was about to leave, the palace chief followed her. 
"Princess Vivian, we'd like your help with something.Although Elysium managed to secure this order, it's our first time collaborating with foreign business counterparts.We still don't know what the standard
is for the goods.The king would like your help with quality control.Would it be convenient for you, Princess?" 
"Quality control?" Vivian had no choice but to stop. 
"Yeah, keep an eye on things.You know that the people of our tribe usually make their fabrics and silver accessories based on their personal preferences.Hence, the quality of the goods will definitely differ.Since you specialize in this, you are definitely very knowledgeable about the needs of these foreign business counterparts.If you help us set the standard for the first batch of goods, it'll be much easier for us in the future" explained the chief humbly and politely. 
That was actually a given.As an indigenous tribe that used to be closed to the outside world, they had never collaborated with any foreigners. 
To be honest, they really needed help to set things straight. 
Eventually, Vivian agreed.As she was kind and responsible, she definitely would not stand idly by. 
Nina was hiding nearby, waiting for the two of them to leave. 
Initially, she planned to bring the flower back to her mom.She watched as Vivian left with the palace chief. 
"Where should we go first?" 
"Why don't we take a look at the materials first? We use nettles and vines for weaving the clothes.Would you like to see which material is more suitable?" 
"Surel" Vivian, having entered her working mode, agreed easily before leaving with the chief. 
After that, Nina walked out.
Vines? I thought that they can only be found at the Styx Forest! The clothes weaved from the vines are very pretty and light. 
However, Mom said that it's extremely dangerous.It's filled with toxic fumes and swamps. 
Ugh, whatever! It's her fault for being so annoying! Nina stops thinking about it. 
After digging out that flower, she ran away.However, no one expected that after Vivian left to supervise the work, she did not return. 
It was until evening, after Matteo returned from his patrol, that he realized that Vivian was not back yet. 
"What happened? Why isn't she back yet?" 
"We don't know.Is she at the palace? She seemed quite busy today.The villagers at the tribes were starting to get busy too." 
The staff did not pay much attention to it either.Since the villagers were busy, it meant that Vivian had succeeded in her task. 
Furthermore, since this was a major event, it was normal for her to tie up some loose ends with them. 
However, Matteo did not believe it.Since they were triplets, he could sense it if something bad happened to his sister.Hence, Matteo headed straight to the palace.
###Chapter 1676
Chapter 1676
"Princess? She went to supervise the work today! Initially, I wanted her to help me choose a suitable material. 
When she saw that the fabric weaved by the villagers was too rough, she volunteered to stay behind." 
The palace chief had returned for a long time. 
When he saw that Matteo actually came looking for them, he quickly rushed out and explained to Matteo what happened. 
Supervise the work? When Matteo heard that, a frown immediately appeared on his handsome face. 
"Where is she now?" 
"At Dragon's Mouth, where nettles are found." 
The palace chief quickly told Matteo the location. 
Matteo's expression turned even uglier when he heard that. 
"Let me warn you! You'd better hope that Vivi is fine.Otherwise, I'll not spare Elysium!" spat Matteo before spinning around and dashing off. 
The palace chief was so scared that he broke into cold sweat. 
Yeah, how could I forget about it! Vivian is the Princess of the Jadesons! And who are the Jadesons? The people who wield the most power in the nation! Am I dumb? How can I listen to a court attendant's suggestion? The chief was in total panic.
When the news spread to Agarwood Pavilion, Kurt was still doing his homework lazily on the balcony, sitting against the sunset. 
Lucy was serving him at the side. 
When he heard that Vivian had gone missing, he froze while holding the pen. 
"How did she go missing?" 
"She went to supervise the work and went to look at some nettles at Dragon's Mouth." 
When the palace guard, who reported the news, saw the menacing expression on the prince's face, he was so scared that he stuttered. 
Lucy chimed in, "Why would she go to supervise the work for no reason? Also, she can just look at the materials in a villager's house.Why did she go to Dragon's Mouth?" 
The guard was at a loss for words. 
As a guard, he did not know how to answer this question. 
Kurt sat there grimly. 
However, instead of reacting agitatedly, he instructed the guard to quickly bring some men to Dragon's Mouth to search for Vivian. 
What a troublesome girl! At that moment, a girl holding a pot of flowers appeared. 
"No, Kurt.That dumb girl didn't go to Dragon's Mouth.She probably went to the Styx Forest." 
It was Nina, who had met Vivian in the garden during the day.
Immediately after she spoke, Kurt's expression changed drastically. 
"What did you say? Styx Forest? How did you know about that?" 
"I heard Chief Bruce say to that dumb girl that the vines in the Styx Forest are good.Since she's so dumb, she definitely wants the best," exposed the seven-year-old child to Kurt directly. 
Kurt's mind went blank. 
Snap! Before she could finish her sentence, a crisp sound rang across the place. 
Kurt was so furious that he broke his pen into half. 
"Arrest Bruce and wait for further instructions! If anything happens to Vivian, I'll make his entire family accompany her to the grave!" spat Kurt viciously, articulating every single word. 
Then, he jumped to his feet and dashed away. 
His menacing aura was almost on par with that of his father's.It was terrifying! The guard groveled on the ground, not daring to make a single sound. 
Lucy felt the same too. 
Watching as Kurt left with such strong murderous intent, she only dared to raise her pale face after a while.She stared at him fearfully as he rushed down the stairs. 
Such immense murderous intent! Could it be that...he still remembers that girl? She clenched her fists. 
Meanwhile, Vivian was inside the Styx Forest. 
However, she did not faint from the toxic fumes, nor did she fall into a swamp.
Having read so many books and being reminded by the villagers, she would not fall for those traps so easily.She could not return in time because she had twisted her ankle. 
"Are you okay, Princess?" asked the woman from the tribe who had accompanied her there. 
When she saw Vivian leaning against the tree and unable to walk, she walked over worriedly. 
Vivian shook her head. 
"I'm fine.I can walk after a short rest.Oh, right.How many vines have you gathered? Can you show me?" 
Even at that point in time, she was still hung up on that. 
The woman immediately showed Vivian the vines that she had gathered. 
They were very pretty. 
Perhaps due to the unique environment, the vines were as beautiful as silk—they were thin and light, with a bit of a fragrance. 
Vivian, who was wearing a cloth over half her face to keep the toxic fumes out, looked at the vines happily. 
"They're really good! Let's gather these tomorrow.We can make some higher-quality goods.In comparison, the nettles are too ordinary.These can sell for a good price!" 
"Okay! We'll do whatever you want us to do!" replied the woman happily. 
With that, the both of them prepared to head back.
However, to Vivian's surprise, just when she was about to lay on the woman's back, the woman suddenly did something unexpected. 
As if her ankle had twisted, she flung Vivian off her back. 
Underneath her was a swamp that was deep enough to swallow a person wholly without any ripples. 
"Argh!" shrieked Vivian in fear. 
At the same time, a golden figure appeared at the end of the road. 
When he saw that scene, he yelled at the top of his lungs, "Vivian!"
###Chapter 1677
Chapter 1677
Vivian had never been so scared before. 
If she were to fall into the swamp underneath, she'd definitely be dead. 
But I came to Styx Forest prepared! I've done my research on toxic air and swamps in the area! She never expected things to turn out the way they did. 
Vivian's mind blanked out. 
That was until she heard an erratic roar over her head.She opened her eyes in fear and saw a bright, pale gold figure. 
It was as if the figure had descended from heaven and dashed toward her like a gust of strong wind. 
Vivian was dumbfounded. 
The person held onto her and pulled her forcefully into his embrace. 
Up until then, she was still in bafflement.It was as if her mind had stopped working. 
Why is he here? Finally, she was saved. 
Kurt couldn't be bothered by anything else as he anxiously checked her body upon landing on the ground. 
With a trembling voice, he asked, "Is everything okay? Are you all right?" 
He was terrified.
What would have happened to her if I were fate? Will I ever get to see her again? He gradually tightened his grip on her slender wrist. 
At that moment, he couldn't hide his emotions anymore. 
A look of panic filled his dazzling face, and even his body was trembling. 
Vivian was a little stunned.She watched as Kurt kept lowering his gaze to check on her well-being. 
He's no longer cold and distant like he was before. 
Heck, I can even see how nervous he is. 
Vivian remained silent for a while before muttering, "I'm fine..." 
Finally, she had spoken.Her eyes were reddened. 
After having experienced such a terrifying incident, she finally managed to calm herself down. 
She could barely control her emotions when she saw how much Kurt cared for her. 
I thought he was ignoring me? I thought he has forgotten about me? Why did he come and save me when he has been so cold toward me? Why does he care about me that much? Vivian stole a glance at him and noticed he wasn't the same as before. 
Instead, he was carefully checking her body to see if she was hurt. 
In fact, the worried and concerned look on his face didn't look like he was faking it. 
Suddenly, her heart started racing. 
"Kurt?"
Kurt raised his gaze and saw Vivian raising her hand and reaching for his head.It was pin-drop silence at the scene. 
At that moment, it felt as if time had stopped while the air had frozen. 
Kurt stared blankly at her while she put her hand on his cheek. 
In fact, that was what Vivian used to do all the time.He was brought to Oceanic Estate when they were still little, and Vivian had always been a love-struck fool over him. 
She'd always drool whenever she saw him. 
Besides, touching his cheeks was one of her favorite things to do. 
Back then, her mother would always remind her that her action was rude and inappropriate. 
However, her mother's words never worked.She'd always do that to him until she went to Yartran to study. 
Perhaps, she had grown up by then and realized how inappropriate her actions were. 
Since then, she never touched him again. 
Until now... 
In that foggy jungle, Vivian had teary eyes and a pitiful expression when she asked, "Kurt? You still care about me, right? You still remember me, right?" 
She stared at that dazzling face in her palm and felt like they had gone back to the time when they were still little. 
Kurt kept silent.
At that moment, a hard realization dawned upon him, and he felt as if something had just struck his head forcefully.He lowered his gaze and stayed still. 
However, one could see his fingers turning pale upon a closer look. 
Besides, his face surged with thoughts and emotions.I've lost my self-control! Kurt shut his eyes tightly for a moment and then opened them to reveal a cold glint in his eyes. 
He then gradually let go of his hand and pulled himself out of Vivian's hopeful and excited gaze. 
"What are you talking about? I was just performing my duty" he said. 
"What?" Vivian froze. 
Duty? She lowered her gaze to look at her other hand, which had lost the warmth from touching him. 
After that, she raised her gaze in disbelief at the Kurt who had stood up and moved away from her. 
"Don't you understand, Princess? You're one of the Jadesons.If something were to happen to you here, wouldn't your dad raze this place to the ground?" He shifted his cold gaze toward her face again. 
Just like that, he had gone back to becoming that cold and unapproachable person. 
It was as if it was a different person who had saved her earlier. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian's face went pale again. 
Vivian was filled with utter disappointment and sorrow while looking at him. 
As despair filled her heart, she had no words to describe how she felt. 
Instead, she could only let tears stream down her face as she stared at him.
Right then, Matteo had finally found her. 
"Vivi!" he shouted when he saw the both of them there. 
After that, he started rushing toward them. 
Vivian turned toward the voice the moment she heard it. 
When she saw it was her brother, she'd finally lost it and burst into tears. 
"Matt, I want to go home." Vivian just kept sobbing.
###Chapter 1678
Chapter 1678
In the end, Matteo brought Vivian back. 
When they were about to leave, Vivian got on Matteo's back and didn't turn to look back at all. 
As for Matteo, he glared ruthlessly at the two people behind him before leaving. 
"You better find out what happened.Otherwise, things will get heated if I end up having to do it myself!" 
After giving them a stern warning, he left with Vivian. 
Kurt was standing at a darker spot in the jungle as he watched Matteo and Vivian leave. 
By the time they were out of his sight, he shifted his cold gaze toward Layla, who was still on the ground. 
"P-Prince Kurt..." Layla shivered in fear when she saw the look on Kurt's face. 
Kurt made his way slowly toward Layla without uttering a word.He then whipped out a knife and squatted down in front of her. 
"W-What are you doing?" She didn't receive any response from Kurt. 
Without saying a word, Kurt cut through the end part of the trousers of her sprained ankle. 
Next, he stabbed right through her skin. 
"Argh!" Layla immediately yelled in pain. 
"Please, have mercy, Prince Kurt! Have mercy..." she begged.
"Don't worry.I won't kill you.I just want to check on your injury" Kurt said expressionlessly. 
He looked like a murderous devil when he did that. 
With the knife, he cut open Layla's ankle, and blood started splattering everywhere. 
As he was doing that, he didn't even flinch. 
Instead, he started using the knife to poke the inside of her ankle. 
"Argh! Don't do that!" 
At that point, Layla started screaming miserably like an animal in a slaughterhouse.It was a gory scene, indeed. 
Prior to that, Layla thought Kurt's father was the most gruesome man she knew. 
Judging by Kurt's demeanor, Layla started to think otherwise.He's even more ruthless than his dad! That was because Kurt was cutting into her like she was an animal instead of a person. 
Layla was on the verge of a mental breakdown. 
"Okay! I'll tell you, Prince Kurt! I'll tell you everything! Please let me go!" 
Finally, she was about to confess everything. 
Upon hearing that, Kurt stopped cutting her with his knife and waited for her to talk. 
Compared to before, Kurt's method of interrogation was rather humane. 
Back then, he could've done a lot worse just to make her talk. 
Kurt took out a clean piece of handkerchief and started wiping his knife.
"I-l was acting according to the orders of the Yepalian tribe." She finally blurted it out. 
Yepalian? Isn't that Darlene’s family? Kurt was surprised. 
Darlene was the wife of the king's eldest son. 
After the eldest son failed to take over the tribe from his father, he left the palace and stayed in his own territory.She's the one who wants to kill Vivian? Kurt's gaze turned colder when he glared at Layla. 
Gradually, his gaze got more and more terrifying as murderous intent slowly engulfed him. 
He soon realized his return must've irritated the others who wished to inherit the tribe. 
In the end, Kurt dragged Layla all the way back. 
Upon their arrival at the palace, the king was stunned when he heard about what happened. 
"How could that be? How would they dare to do something like that to Vivian? Don't they know who she is? Are they sick of living?" 
"I'm their target.If something happens to Vivian, the Jadesons will blame me and get rid of me.That's exactly what they want." 
With a menacing look in his eyes, Kurt stood in the center of the hall and uttered coldly. 
After Kurt said that, the king was stumped. 
Hence, he ordered the guards to bring Darlene, his eldest son, and the chief of Yepalian before him. 
"Dad, I'm innocent! I did nothing of such!" 
"Yes, Dad.I wouldn't dare to do anything to the Jadesons' princess!"
The king's eldest son and his wife sobbed and pleaded their innocence. 
Right after she said that, the chiefs in the hall started voicing their opinions. 
"Aren't you guys against the idea of cooperating with the foreigners?" 
"Exactly! The Yepalian tribe members are the representatives of the opposers! Who can guarantee that this matter has nothing to do with you?" 
"That's right!" 
The other chiefs brought up the fact that the king's eldest son and his wife were strongly against the idea of cooperating with the foreigners. 
Upon hearing those words, the king was convinced. 
He stood up abruptly and roared, "Guards, chop off the head of this man from the Yepalian tribe! Also, severely punish this treacherous couple and dump them into Black Marsh!" 
Just like that, he had delivered three death sentences, two of which were his own son and his daughter-in-law. 
The chief of the Yepalian tribe instantly slumped onto the ground upon hearing that. 
As for the king's eldest son and his wife, they both dropped to their knees and begged for mercy. 
"Have mercy, Dad! Please!" they begged. 
However, the king was unperturbed.He was so merciless that it was as if he had cut ties with his son at that instant, and he meant nothing to him. 
Indeed, that was how ruthless and violent he was.
Kurt, who was standing at the side, narrowed his eyes and gaze toward someone else dressed in blue in the hall.He could tell that the person was listening intently.
###Chapter 1679
Chapter 1679
"Since Vivian is okay, we only need to get rid of the Yepalian chief alone.As for the rest, let's see how they behave after this!" 
Finally, Kurt had chimed in. 
Surprisingly, he was defending his brother. 
Everyone in the hall looked up in shock and stared at Kurt in bafflement. 
The king furrowed his brows in puzzlement as well. 
Why is he doing that? Indeed, everyone knew the fact that none of the king's sons liked each other. 
All the sons had been eyeing the king's throne. 
Over the years, they had been fighting amongst themselves and wanted each other dead. 
Not only were there a lot of them, but their father's ruthlessness and violence made the situation even worse. 
Hence, they were determined to fight it out to gain the ultimate power over everyone else. 
As for Kurt, he had also been trying to sabotage this brother of his. 
Hence, everyone was curious as to why was he speaking up for the brother. 
Even the king's eldest son had turned around and looked at his youngest brother in puzzlement. 
When he looked at Kurt, he noticed there weren't any changes in Kurt's mood.
Kurt was still as expressionless and cold as usual when he took a seat in his chair. 
"Did you say we should spare their lives?" the king asked. 
"Well, what's the point in killing them? Their bones are just going to pollute Black Marsh.If you want to punish them, the best way is to have him clean up the mess he'd made" Kurt answered. 
"What do you mean?" the king asked again. 
"Get them to oversee the operation instead.After this, it's not too late to kill them if they end up blundering" Kurt suggested flatly. 
His words had caused an uproar in the hall. 
All the chiefs were in utter disbelief because they didn't expect a young man like Kurt to be capable of coming up with such a plan. 
Similarly, the king was surprised as well.He ended up staring at his youngest son blankly for quite a while. 
Indeed, Kurt's plan was a lot better than just killing them right away. 
By doing so, the king's eldest son wouldn't dare to treat the matter lightly again. 
At the same time, he'd get to stay alive. 
The king mulled over it. 
Upon getting back into the main palace, the palace chief was keeping the king company. 
The king took a sip of his coffee and asked, "What do you think of Kaidens suggestion? Is his idea better than mine?"
"What?" 
The palace chief started to panic. 
"Why would you say that, Your Majesty? The strict handling method of the tribe is essential because it helps manage the tribe better.Prince Kurt's suggestion is out of kindness.Perhaps it's because he can't bear to watch his brother die." 
"Is that so?" 
"Of course.One could tell just by watching how he has been treating his sister ever since his return.That's why, Your Majesty, you shouldn't pay too much attention to Prince Kurt.One day, when he's in your position, he'll finally realize the importance of your strict handling methods" the palace chief advised the king cautiously. 
Since the palace chief had been the king's follower for so many years, he knew how paranoid and narrow-minded the king could be. 
He must be unhappy with his youngest son now. 
After all, kindness is the biggest counter against ruthlessness and violence. 
Upon leaving the main palace, the palace chief hurried toward Agarwood Pavilion to look for Kurt, who was out of line with his father. 
"Prince Kurt, you shouldn't have interrupted your dad just now, and you shouldn't have said those words." 
"Why not?"
Kurt was sitting at his desk after he showered and changed.His short and dark hair was still a little damp, and he was dressed in white clothes embroidered with pale gold patterns. 
The way his clothes fell on his skin made his body features even more apparent. 
The palace chief let out a sigh and answered, "Don't you know your dad doesn't like it when someone contradicts his decisions? You have to be careful seeing that you have just returned besides being young, Prince Kurt." 
The palace chief had Kurt's best interests at heart. 
Kurt retracted his gaze gradually and picked up a pen. 
After refilling the ink in his pen, he lowered his gaze. 
When he looked down, his thick and beautiful eyelashes formed the shape of a fan on each of his eyes. 
"Okay," Kurt replied. 
Finally, the palace chief could breathe a sigh of relief. 
"All right, then.I shall head back now.Don't stay up too late, Prince Kurt." 
With that, he left. 
Kurt kept his head lowered at the desk and focused on writing something. 
When he was done, he put down his pen and voiced out, "Is anybody there?" 
"Yes, I am here!" 
Immediately, a clear female voice rang out.
Soon after that, a figure in blue walked in. 
Kurt threw a glance at her and passed her a letter he'd just written. 
"Give this to my eldest brother.This is a list of things he needs to watch out for while overseeing the operation.He's on his own from now on." 
"What?" 
Lucy knitted her brows upon throwing a glance at the letter. 
"Prince Kurt, are you still helping Darlene and the others? Didn't the palace chief say the king won't be happy if you do that?"
###Chapter 1680
Chapter 1680
"I'm doing exactly what he told me to do, and I'm staying out of it.I wrote him this letter to tell him that he's on his own," Kurt answered calmly. 
Lucy didn't utter a word in response. 
So he's saying that he won't be bothered with them anymore, right? It looks like he only wrote this letter out of courtesy to inform them that they are on their own now. 
With that thought in her mind, there was finally a hint of joy in her eyes.She then left hurriedly with the letter. 
Meanwhile, at the office, Vivian's sprained ankle was taken care of under the supervision of Matteo. 
After what happened, Matteo was determined to not let Vivian stay back. 
Judging by her condition and the way that brat treated her, I must send her away. 
"I'll book you a flight ticket.You can either go to where Daddy and Mommy are, or you can go back to Yartran to study." 
After he said that, he wanted to call Giselle to get her to book a flight ticket.Vivian panicked upon seeing that. 
"No, Matt.Please hear me out.I can't just leave when I'm not even done with this matter yet.I should at least wait until our first batch of products had finished before leaving." 
While saying that, she kept holding onto Matteo's hand so that he couldn't make the call. 
After Vivian got back from the jungle, she calmed herself down before thinking things through.
Yesterday, he said he was only helping me because it was his duty to do so. 
If that was the case, why did he have such an intense reaction when I was in trouble? When I fell, I could clearly hear the panic in his voice when he shouted my name. 
It didn't sound like he was just performing his duty. 
Also, he didn't even hold back when he was checking through my body for injuries after he saved me. 
If he was just doing his duty, and he had forgotten about me, he would at least keep a distance from me. 
He could've just brought me back to the tribe so that the doctors there could check on me, no? Hence, Vivian wanted to check if he really did forget her, or if he was just pretending. 
She tried her best to keep pestering her brother so he couldn't make the call. 
In the end, Matteo had no choice but to let her have her way. 
"Fine, you can stay.However, I'll have someone to protect you from now on" 
"Who, though?" 
"Someone from SteelFort, of course.Either that or I can do it myself" 
Matteo didn't hesitate when he decided to take it upon himself to protect Vivian. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian was stumped. 
I can't let him protect me! How am I supposed to check on Kurt if he’s around? Vivian shook her head and said she wanted someone from SteelFort instead.
It was someone she hadn't seen in a long time—Xayden. 
"Xayden, why are you here? Didn't Mr.Frost say you've entered the first-level biological research laboratory in Moranta? When did you come back?" 
When Vivian saw Xayden, her first reaction was to lunge toward him and check his pockets like how she used to do it when she was young.She couldn't help it because Xayden used to always have something interesting and fun in his pockets. 
"Hey, stop it! Ms.Vivian, you're all grown up, so you can't do this anymore! You shouldn't go through my pockets as you wish!" 
Xayden protested. 
"I don't care! No matter how much I've grown, you're still the Xayden I know! Let me have a look inside!" Vivian exclaimed. 
With that, Vivian squeezed her head into one of his pockets. 
Xayden eventually gave up resisting. 
After a few minutes, Vivian whipped out a blue pen and pressed the buttons on it. 
Boom! It blew up in Vivian's face, and a cloud of blue- colored mist was seen rising into the air. 
"Wow!" 
"What did you do, Xayden?" Matteo fumed. 
"Wait, Mr.Matteo! You can't blame me! I've already warned Ms.Vivian to not go through my pockets.There was nothing I could do to stop her"
Xayden explained hastily when he saw Matteo rushing toward him and wanted to beat him up. 
Fortunately for Vivian, the chemical in the pen was mild.Her face was fine again the next day. 
However, that was the last time she'd dare to go through Xayden's pockets. 
"All right.Xayden, we shall visit the palace today" Vivian said. 
"Oh? Do we need to bring some weapons?" 
Back then, Xayden would ask the kids’ father the same question whenever they were about to go somewhere.He would always have some weapons ready. 
Once, he'd gone to the west to investigate the Jadesons’ mine smuggling incident alongside Sebastian, and he'd brought explosives with him.He ended up almost killing Sebastian because of that. 
Vivian was rendered speechless upon hearing Xayden's question. 
"That's not necessary.However, we might go for a hike.Perhaps you should bring something to prevent inhaling toxic air’ Vivian said. 
"Sure" 
Xayden answered before quickly taking out two pills. 
After eating one himself, he shoved the other one into Vivian's mouth. 
The veins on Matteo's forehead throbbed upon seeing that is Mr.Frost out of his mind? Why did he send this guy here? Is he really capable of protecting Vivi? Distress filled Matteo as he watched the both of them leave.
###Chapter 1681
Chapter 1681
In the palace, the chiefs from various tribes were getting ready for their daily morning meeting. 
Like what corporates would normally do, the palace would also have morning meetings. 
Everyone was present in the hall, including the king. 
Kurt, who was also required to join the chiefs for a morning meeting every day, sat amongst them with a long face. 
"Good morning, Mr.King! I'm here!" 
All of a sudden, a pleasant and bright voice broke the stern silence in the hall. 
Everyone immediately turned toward the voice and saw a girl wearing a navy blue preppy dress with a pair of white socks and princess shoes coming their way. 
It was as if a ray of bright colors had just flashed before their eyes. 
That's the Jadesons’ princess! She's here! Everyone's eyes gleamed upon seeing her. 
Right then, a bright smile appeared on the king's face. 
"Princess, you're here! Come and have a seat!" 
No one expected such a violent man would show his soft side upon seeing Vivian. 
In fact, he looked incredibly cheerful when he saw her.Vivian limped in with Xayden supporting her.. 
"Yes, I'm here! I'm sorry, Mr.King.I've injured my foot yesterday, that's why I'm late! Don't get mad at me, okay?"
Vivian explained sweetly. 
"I won't!" 
Evidently, Vivian's sweet voice had melted the king's heart. 
"I'm not angry at all! As for you, where did you hurt yourself? Let me have a look." 
The king stood up abruptly and went to check on Vivian's foot. 
Everyone was so shocked that their eyeballs almost popped out of their heads. 
Such a scene had never been seen in Elysium. 
Most importantly, Vivian wasn't fazed at all. 
Seeing that the king was walking toward her, she casually extended her foot toward him. 
"I'm fine! I've just sprained it a little.Don't worry about me, Mr.King," Vivian answered. 
"Really?" 
"Yes, of course! I can still work today, Mr.King.I heard a batch of jewelry samples had just arrived at the palace yesterday.That's why we've come to have a look’ Vivian was so conscientious that she brought up the topic so soon upon arriving. 
Hearing that, everyone present was even more stupefied.Kurt was caught by surprise as well.He clenched his fists and squinted his beautiful eyes while looking at her. 
The king, however, was rather satisfied with what he heard.
After around ten minutes, Vivian was holding a meat wrap in one of her hands while being held by Xayden on the other. 
They were following Kurt toward the place where they stored the samples. 
"Xayden, this is delicious! Do you want some?" she asked. 
"No, thank you." 
Xayden wasn't interested in eating at that moment. 
Instead, he was staring intently at a girl walking alongside them. 
For some reason, he caught a whiff of an unusual scent on her body. 
"Why not? It's delicious! Here, Xayden, I'll feed you some." 
With that, Vivian peeled a small chunk of the wrap and shoved it into Xayden's mouth. 
Xayden was stunned. 
Before he could swallow the wrap in his mouth, the two people walking in front of them turned around and glared at them. 
Upon seeing that, Vivian and Xayden were so terrified that neither of them made another move. 
"What are you guys doing? If you want to have fun, this is not the place!" Kurt fumed. 
Vivian and Xayden were rendered speechless. 
Why is he so fierce? Vivian pouted and stopped messing around with Xayden before walking up to Kurt with the wrap in her hand.
"I'm not here to have fun, Prince Kurt.I'm here for serious work! It's just that I haven't had my breakfast yet.Why are you so harsh on me?" Vivian asked with a pitiful expression. 
Vivian disregarded Kurt's stern remark completely. 
Lucy, who was right next to Kurt, walked over. 
"Princess, since you haven't had your breakfast, then perhaps you should eat first before dragging Prince Kurt along with you.Prince Kurt is very busy." 
"Oh, is it?" Vivian asked. 
"Yes! He has a lot of learning to do.This time around, he has wasted enough time because of this collaboration with your government." 
Lucy sounded like she was unhappy, and her words were meant to be taken as stern advice. 
Vivian's face fell when she saw how annoyed Kurt looked. 
"Fine, then.Please bring Prince Kurt away so that he can carry on with his lessons.We don't need his company anymore.Xayden, let's go and have a look at the samples." 
Vivian then went back to Xayden and held his arms affectionately. 
Xayden kept silent before shuddering. 
Huh? Why is the place getting colder? While Xayden was still trying to figure out the scent, he felt a sudden drop in temperature in the air. 
He shivered once more and instinctively held onto Vivian's arms as well. 
Vivian, Kurt, and Lucy were all stunned upon seeing that.
What an awkward moment it was!
###Chapter 1682
Chapter 1682
After that, Xayden let go of Vivian's arms because he was frightened by Kurt's glare. 
That's weird. 
Didn't Mr.Matteo say Kurt has been fed some worms, and he'd lost his memory? If that's the case, why is he still treating me with such hostility? He never liked me then because he used to be my lab rat for poisons when we were at SteelFort. 
But what happens now? With that thought in mind, Xayden rubbed the back of his head before walking away hastily while dragging Vivian along. 
"What are you walking so fast? My foot hurts!" Vivian grumbled. 
"Oh? Aren't you going to work? Let's not waste time!" 
Xayden would never tell Vivian about those immoral acts of his. 
AS a matter of fact, most people in SteelFort had been his lab rat. 
Back then, even Sebastian had gotten mad at him more than once because of it. 
Obviously, he had his reasons. 
Vivian and Xayden went to the room where they kept the samples. 
As for Kurt and Lucy, they went back to Agarwood Pavilion. 
"Prince Kurt, were you angry just now?" 
Lucy made him a cup of coffee.
At first glance, her gaze was full of respect. 
However, one could see the annoyance in her eyes upon a closer look. 
Lucy thought Kurt's behavior was rather suspicious. 
Since he has forgotten about Vivian, why was he so agitated when he saw her acting so affectionately with her bodyguard? Was he jealous? With that thought, Lucy's gaze turned icy. 
"What? Why can't I be angry?" Kurt retorted. 
Based on his tone, he sounded like he was still angry. 
Lucy was taken aback. 
"Huh?" 
"She was so unprofessional, and she was being so childish! You can't possibly expect me to stay while she kept fooling around, can you?" 
Kurt's eyes were filled with contempt when he raised his gaze to stare at Lucy. 
Lucy pursed her lips. 
And finally, her gaze softened. 
"That's right.She shouldn't have done that.However, perhaps her upbringing had contributed to her arrogance.It's okay, Prince Kurt.Didn't she say she was going to leave after she was done with the first batch of products? We just have to be patient with her for a while more." 
"Hmph!"
Kurt snorted and kept silent. 
A smile then appeared on Lucy's face. 
After that, she headed downstairs to the kitchen in the palace to see if she could find something for Kurt to eat. 
While she was going there, she bumped into the person who was with Vivian. 
At that moment, he was in the corridor layered with golden amber.He's staring at something. 
What is he doing there? 
"What are you doing here?" she asked after walking toward him. 
For some reason, she couldn't help but feel unhappy when she saw him. 
Xayden turned toward her upon hearing that. 
Oh? Did she just present herself to me? He took down his glasses and walked toward the girl dressed in blue with a smile on his face. 
"Oh, it's nothing.I am fascinated by the shiny amber.You're Prince Kurt's attendant, right? What are you doing? Do you need my help?" 
Surprisingly, he was friendly, and he offered his help to Lucy. 
The hatred in Lucy's heart grew upon hearing that. 
"No.You should accompany your princess instead.Isn’t she looking through the samples?"
"Yes, she is.She chased me out because, according to her, I'm clumsy.Don't be shy, little girl.I'm a strong man! After all, I have nothing to do at the moment." 
As he spoke, he reached out his hands and snatched away a container she was holding in her hands. 
Lucy brought the container along so that she could pack some food for Kurt. 
Lucy was so incensed that her face flushed bright red. 
Why are all the Jadesons so shameless? Enraged, she wanted to snatch the container back. 
However, Xayden had quick reflexes. 
Before she could do anything, Xayden had already walked away with the container. 
"Let's get going, little girl.Don't worry.I won't take up too much of your time.Once Ms.Vivian is done with her work, I'll leave." 
Ms.Vivian? When Lucy heard him say that, an idea suddenly popped into her mind.So instead of resisting him, she decided to walk with him. 
"Have you been around her for long?"she asked. 
"Yes.I've been around ever since she came back when she was five," Xayden answered truthfully. 
When Vivian was five, that was when her mother brought her and Matteo back to Avenport. 
Back then, SteelFort was still under Frederick's control, and Xayden was the first batch of kids they'd taken in. 
Of course, with him were Channing and Calvin.
Upon hearing that, Lucy was elated. 
"Since you've been around for so long, then you should know your princess well, right? Aren't her parents worried about the fact that she has been here for so long? Don't they want her to head back soon?" 
Indeed, that was what Lucy wanted to know the most. 
Ail this while, not only had Vivian gone through dangerous situations, but she was also hurt by Kurt. 
Yet, her parents had done nothing.Don't her parents love her a lot?
###Chapter 1683
Chapter 1683
"Her parents? Her parents are kept in the dark.They're currently on a tour around the world, and they should be at Dartan now.Hence, they're too busy to know what's going on.And you know what? I was asked to be here by her brother.How absurd is that?" 
Xayden heaved a sigh after saying that. 
Oh? They're just too busy. 
Lucy's strung-out nerves finally became slack.They soon arrived at the kitchen. 
Lucy became friendlier to Xayden, and she'd even let him help her. 
This bodyguard from the Jadeson family doesn't seem very smart. 
"What's your name?" she asked. 
Xayden was standing right beside her while awaiting her orders when he heard her asking about his name. 
"I'm Xayden,"he answered nicely. 
Lucy then handed him the container packed with food. 
"Okay, Xayden.Will you please help me give this to Prince Kurt? In the meantime, I'll prepare some pastries." 
"Oh?" Xayden's eyes lit up when he was holding the container packed with warm food. 
What a pleasant surprise! With the container in his hands, he ran happily toward Agarwood Pavilion.
Around ten minutes later, he arrived at Agarwood Pavilion. 
"Who are you?" the guard asked. 
"Hi! Ms.Lucy sent me over to give this container of soup to Prince Kurt" Xayden explained with a smile on his face. 
Upon hearing that, the guard let him in.Hence, Xayden finally had a chance to see Kurt in private. 
In fact, Xayden heard a lot about Kurt when he was at SteelFort because of how incredible Kurt was.He was taken in when he was ten and was sent on a mission to study at Yartran alongside Vivian. 
After that, he was called back to SteelFort. 
Within three years, he'd become one of the best in that place. 
Back then at SteelFort, only the genius Calvin was considered more capable than Kurt. 
Hence, back when Xayden was a researcher, he'd always been wanting to analyze Kurt's brain.He wanted to see what made Kurt so different from the others.However, Xayden hadn't seen him for over a year because they were given different tasks. 
Xayden brought the container upstairs. 
He was shocked when he saw Kurt sitting demurely at a wooden desk with intricate carvings. 
That was because he was too used to seeing him with knives and guns back at SteelFort. 
Is he painting? Wow! Slowly, Xayden walked over to Kurt and placed the container next to him with astonishment written all over Xayden's face—he was in awe when he saw Kurt's work. 
"Are you serious? Is there anything that is too hard for you?" Xayden asked in bafflement.
Upon hearing that, Kurt glared at him coldly while still holding a paintbrush. 
Without uttering a word, Xayden slapped the back of Kurt's head. 
"What are you glaring at me for? There's no one else around, so don't glare at me with your murderous eyes! What? Do you think you look cool when you do that?" Xayden asked. 
Crack! Kurt had snapped the paintbrush in his hand. 
Xayden instantly felt a chill running down his spine. 
Although Xayden was one of SteelFort's best talents, his specialty was his intelligence. 
He wasn't as good at combat skills compared to the others, especially Kurt. 
"Fine, fine! I'll explain what's going on, okay? I knew what worm had gotten into you just by taking a whiff of your body, It's actually some sort of hybrid worm.Similar to a leech, but it's much smaller.After it had gotten into a human body, it'll take control over the body.That's because the person who raised it had fed a huge amount of hallucinogen to it" 
Xayden paused and scratched the back of his head before continuing, "However, I didn't smell any scent of you being controlled by it.Even if you were affected, there's no way you couldn't counter it considering the fact that you'd been at SteelFort for so long.Since it's so hard for me to get to see you, can you just stop acting cool in front of me?" 
Kurt was staring at him while he was saying all that. 
Finally, he narrowed his eyes and put down the paintbrush. 
"So, what are you doing here?"
"What? Isn't it obvious that it was Mr.Hayes who sent me? He was getting worried about you since he hadn't heard from you for quite a while.That was why he sent me here to check on you.By the way, it isn't that dad of yours who fed you the worm, right?" 
Xayden suddenly went up close to Kurt and sniffed him before asking. 
When Kurt saw him getting near, he shied away from him in disgust and answered, "I don't know" 
"You don't know? Aren't you the one devising the plan all along? How could you not know?" 
Xayden's eyes widened as he stared at Kurt in shock. 
Indeed, he was truly shocked. 
Before I came, Mr.Hayes and Mr.Frost explicitly told me this fellow is the one devising the plan, and they were just assisting from behind the scenes! So how come when I got here, he told me he has no idea what is happening? Xayden was starting to get a very bad feeling in his gut.
###Chapter 1684
Chapter 1684
Kurt then retracted his gaze and had his usual indifferent expression on his face. 
When I woke up, I really lost my memory.However, I slowly regained my senses thanks to the worm in me that I'd been training.So yes, I did lose my memory earlier." 
Xayden's expression changed instantly. 
So he was infected? Oh, what am [I supposed to do now, and who did it? With those questions in his mind, Xayden's expression became more and more solemn. 
Before he could say or ask anything, Kurt blurted, "Don't worry.Although I don't remember, I've already found out who the culprit is." 
"Oh?" Xayden was delighted. 
"Who is it? Have you caught him? Have you gotten rid of the worm?" Xayden asked anxiously because he was truly concerned about him after all. 
To his disappointment, Kurt didn't provide him with an answer. 
Instead, he gradually shifted his cold gaze toward him and asked, "What have you found out after roaming around?" 
"What?" Xayden was dumbfounded. 
Generally speaking, people with high intelligence would just get straight to the point in conversations. 
However, Kurt was speaking to an idiot.
Sadly, this is not going to work. 
Kurt frowned and asked impatiently, "Weren't you looking at the amber? Didn't you see anything out of the ordinary?" 
Xayden was in utter shock. 
Wow! That's incredible! This guy is just like Mr.Hayes! How did he know that without even seeing me there? Xayden wiped the cold sweat off of his forehead and flashed a sly grin. 
"I did see something.If I'm not mistaken, the amber isn't made of resin" 
"No?" 
"No.That's actually the saliva of some animal.I've even seen some larvae moving around in it.Hence, you should first find out how many people in the palace aren't infected yet." 
Suddenly, Kurt's expression changed dramatically the moment he heard those words. 
Infected? Is he talking about people getting infected with worms? Could it be that the golden amber here has become the breeding ground for those disgusting worms? If that's the case, what does that mean for the people in the palace? Kurt was enraged. 
He angrily clenched his fists and crumpled the writing he had just done, and his eyes were suddenly filled with murderous intent. 
"It's inconvenient for you, right? It's okay.I can help you.At the same time, I'm interested in finding out what's going on here as well." 
Upon seeing how angry Kurt was, Xayden immediately promised to help him on that matter. 
At that moment, Kurt's chest was heaving rapidly.
In the end, when finally regained his composure, he raised his head and looked at Xayden. 
"How about her? Is she all right?" 
Xayden was stumped. 
Her? Who is he talking about? Again, Xayden scratched the back of his head before saying, "Who are you talking about? Are you talking about Ms.Vivian? If so, I'm not sure.Since I've only found out about it today, I'd have to check on her and her brother when we get back." 
Crack! Another thing had broken. 
This time around, it was the coffee cup placed next to Kurt.He squeezed the cup so hard that he had broken it into pieces. 
"I've already gotten her to leave this place earlier on.Riley just had to create a problem and get her back here again.And now, such a thing had happened.What to do now? Tell me! What are we going to do?" 
Within seconds, Kurt's calmness had disappeared. 
Instead, he was trembling with rage.He shouted so loudly that even the guards guarding the entrance could hear him. 
Xayden was stunned. 
What's going on? Isn't this guy always as cool as a cucumber? Who would've thought he'd ever lost his cool? Xayden quickly comforted him, "Calm down.Even if she's infected, I'm here! Also, she isn't exposed to it for too long.I can easily get rid of it." 
Kurt finally calmed down upon hearing that.
Right at that moment, Lucy was walking up the stairs toward them. 
"Prince Kurt, I've brought you some desserts." 
Xayden's expression changed upon hearing that.He then hastily picked up the container and got ready to leave. 
"Oh! By the way, be careful of this woman.I've smelled a strong scent of drugs on her.If that's really the case, you ought to be wary of her." 
Before Xayden left, he didn't forget to give Kurt a reminder. 
However, Kurt had something else on his mind. 
"When will you have the results?" 
"Oh? That? Tomorrow, perhaps.I'll let you know tomorrow.Calm down" Xayden replied awkwardly before leaving with the container. 
"Xayden, you're still here?" Lucy asked. 
"Yes, Ms.Lucy.Apparently, Prince Kurt doesn't drink this.I've tried my best to convince him, but he wouldn't budge.I can't deal with him.Here!" 
Xayden acted like he was exasperated and handed the container over to Lucy. 
With that, he stormed off. 
Lucy was rendered speechless. 
When she looked at Kurt, she saw the grouchy look on his face.
Beside him, there were several crumpled paper balls. 
It seems like he's too moody to draw. 
Lucy quickly dispelled her suspicions and walked over to him.
###Chapter 1685
Chapter 1685
Lucy hurriedly apologized, "Prince Kurt, please don't be angry.He was the one pestering me and wanted me to help.Since he's the bodyguard of the princess of the Jadesons, I couldn't refuse." 
Fortunately, Kurt only snorted coldly and didn't leave any remarks. 
Seeing that, Lucy breathed a sigh of relief and happily handed over the desserts. 
Meanwhile, Xayden found Vivian sitting on the steps paved with golden amber.She was fiddling with a silver jewelry sample when he went over and pulled her up. 
"Xayden, what are you doing?" 
"The ground is cold.You might get sick.So sit over here instead." 
He then moved a stool over for Vivian to sit. 
Vivian happily sat down and continued to work on her jewelry. 
Without her noticing, Xayden stepped in front of the golden amber. 
After glancing around and making sure there was no one nearby, he pulled out a piece of blue, hair-like thread. 
"Xayden, what are you doing?" 
"I'm just trying to measure how thick the amber is." 
He then placed the string on the amber wall.
The next moment, a glint of light flashed in his eyes when he saw the blue thread merged silently into the amber.It was an incredible sight to behold. 
Half an hour later, Vivian was finally done inspecting the jewelry samples. 
"Let's go, Xayden."" 
"Okay." 
Xayden had also completed his task. 
Feeling satisfied, he left the place with Vivian. 
That night, the people in the palace suddenly suffered a severe case of diarrhea and vomiting. 
Even the king had a fever in the middle of the night, and the witch doctor couldn't bring his temperature down even after a long time. 
"How did so many people get sick all of a sudden? Did something happen?" 
Lucy never stayed in the palace at night. 
After hearing the news, she got up from her bed in the middle of the night and asked her uncle. 
"I have no idea.It could be another evil spirit." 
Her uncle wasn't quite sure of the cause.He took out some red cinnabar and a bunch of straw from home and prepared to ward off the evil spirit, which was the most common solution in the tribe. 
With the items in hand, he went to work. 
Evil spirit? When Lucy heard that, her face became even more grim and gloomy.
We're living in the modern era now, how could there be an evil spirit? These people are so ignorant. 
She immediately got dressed and rushed to the palace. 
When she arrived at the palace, everyone she saw was wailing in pain. 
At that moment, she felt like the place which housed people of the highest authority of the tribe had turned into hell on earth. 
There were people lying on the ground everywhere as endless moans of pain and agony resounded throughout the place. 
"What's going on? When did this happen?" 
Lucy's expression turned even more troubled. 
She immediately squatted down in front of the person closest to her and put her hand on his vitals to diagnose his pulse. 
"What a weak pulse..." She stared at the person. 
"What have you eaten?" 
"Nothing.We didn't eat anything." 
The man with a pale face struggled to shake his head. 
Lucy's expression turned grim. 
A weak pulse was often caused by a cold.
However, when she pressed deeper into his vitals earlier, his pulse was still distinct.She reckoned that it could only mean that these people were infected in the stomach. 
An infection? She narrowed her eyes. 
For a second there, her eyes resembled that of a venomous snake hiding in the dark, ready to strike at any moment. 
"Ms.Lucy, where are you going?" Lucy ignored the man. 
She immediately stood up and walked in with a cold expression. 
A few minutes later, in a secluded corner of the palace, Lucy squatted down, took out a silver dagger, and slit her wrist with it. 
Hiss... 
An eerie noise sounded.It was like the sound of a living creature being summoned all of a sudden. 
When the bright red blood flowed down her arm, the bushes nearby began to rustle. 
Then, those in the palace suffering let out shrieks of pain and rolled on the floor even more vigorously. 
What's going on? Is it still here? She opened her eyes again. 
Just then, a voice called out to her from a distance, "Ms. 
Lucy, where are you? Please go to Agarwood Pavilion immediately! Prince Kurt's condition has suddenly become worse!" 
Prince Kurt? Lucy's expression fell.
She quickly bandaged the wound on her wrist and got up. 
After the metallic scent of blood dissipated, the rustling stopped, and the people stopped groaning.
###Chapter 1686
Chapter 1686
When Lucy arrived at Agarwood Pavilion, she smelled the strong odor of blood again even before she had entered the room.Her expression changed suddenly and she ran in immediately. 
"Prince Kurt, are you okay?" 
When the maids present saw Lucy approaching, they turned their attention from Kurt to Lucy and said, "Ms.Lucy, you're finally here.Prince Kurt just passed out." 
Lucy rushed to the bed. 
Kurt was lying unconscious on the bed without any movement.His beautiful and delicate face looked ashen under the glow of the lamp next to him. 
On the corner of his lips was a sliver of blood that hadn't been wiped clean. 
"He vomited blood?" 
A chill ran down her spine at the sight. 
The maids nodded worryingly and pointed to the floor they had just cleaned. 
The people who got infected that night only had unbearable diarrhea and stomachache. 
However, Kurt's condition was much more severe. 
Naturally, that got them worried. 
After hearing them out, Lucy ignored them and told them to leave the room. 
"Leave the room for now."
"Huh? But Ms.Lucy, what do you—" 
The maids locked at her with puzzled faces. 
However, Lucy turned around and glared at them with a bone-chilling gaze. 
"Didn't you hear me? I told you to get out!" 
The maids trembled and left soon after. 
"What's with her foul temper? She's not even a consort yet." 
"Tell me about it.I can't stand how she's already acting like a consort before even becoming one.Does she really think that she could become the prince's consort?" 
"I think it's possible.But with so many candidates in the tribe, there's going to be a long line ahead of her.Besides, she's an outsider" 
"Well, let's just wait and see.Isn't Prince Kurt's birthday coming soon?" 
As the dissatisfied maids began to discuss the birthday of the king's heir that was just around the corner, they became excited.They wanted to see what was going to happen to Lucy. 
Meanwhile, Lucy wasn't aware of the maids’ gossip as she was examining Kurt in the room. 
However, she was examining him with an unorthodox method. 
Instead of diagnosing his pulse like when she did to the man upon entering the palace, she had taken out her sharp dagger again. 
Then, she lifted Kurt's wrist and swiftly slit across it with it.
Spurt! Blood instantly gushed out from his wrist.She squinted and looked at the blood. 
Then, she quickly took out a vial of green liquid and poured it into his wound. 
As she emptied the vial, something started to wriggle from within the wound. 
After a while, a squishy, black, worm-like crawled out from the cut on his wrist. 
"Is it really just an infection?" 
Lucy lifted the worm-like with her hairpin to get a closer look. 
When she noticed that the worm-like seemed like it was sick and didn't want to move, she knew then that there was nothing wrong with it.She breathed a sigh of relief. 
After ensuring that it was okay, she put the worm-like back into his wound. 
After she fed Kurt a brown-colored pill, the worm-like immediately buried itself into the wound as if it had caught the scent of delicious fresh blood. 
Soon after, Kurt's complexion gradually recovered. 
The next day, Vivian, who had slept until the sun was up, finally got up from her bed. 
D*mn. 
How the hell did I slept for so long? When her mind finally cleared up, she remembered that she had to check on the goods, so she jumped down and rushed to the bathroom. 
Ten minutes later, when she came downstairs after washing up, she saw Xayden tinkering with something on the table in the living room.
"Xayden, what are you doing?" 
"Huh?" 
Xayden, who was fully immersed in his work, raised his head. 
"Oh, Ms.Vivian, you're finally up?" 
"Yeah.I'm up.Why didn't you wake me? We have to collect the goods today, then ship them to the foreign merchants.If the samples are good, we'll be able to ship them in bulk." 
Vivian strode into the kitchen, grabbed the two buns left on the counter, and walked over with her bag. 
Xayden was still fiddling with something greasy in his hand when he smiled bashfully upon hearing Vivian's words. 
"I'm working on an organic skin care product.Here, look at what I found." 
Xayden mysteriously held the in his hand. 
Vivian lowered her head to look at it. 
Wow, it's so fragrant! She got even more surprised when she noticed the sparkling glitters inside.It looked exactly like the facial cream sold in stores.
###Chapter 1687
Chapter 1687
"This is..." 
"Would you like to try it? I can guarantee that it's better than the ones you bought outside." 
Xayden scooped a small amount of the cream with a spatula. 
Vivian fell silent.She had some doubts about using things of unknown origin on her skin. 
However, she had always been simple-minded, and she didn't want to disappoint Xayden. 
Hence, she extended her hand toward him in the end. 
Xayden smeared the cream across a large area on her hand with a smile on his face. 
Taking a whiff, Vivian noticed that the cream smelled really aromatic. 
After that, the two went out together. 
However, Vivian felt a little uneasy when Xayden brought a large amount of his newly-developed product with him.He even filled them in colorful tiny bottles, looking like a salesperson.He then told her that he wanted to give them to the people in the palace. 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
Did I...did I hear him wrongly? When did Xayden have an interest in doing such a thing?Before this, he only played with the bottles and jars at home. 
Feeling rather awkward about the situation, Vivian had no choice but to follow Xayden to the palace. 
When they walked past the clear lake and saw a maid working there, Xayden squatted down.
"Hey, miss, I'll give you something good." 
"Huh?" 
The maid was startled. 
Without waiting for the maid's reply, Xayden took out a box of the moisturizing cream from his sack and shoved it to her with a harmless-looking smile.He had decided that he would name his product moisturizing cream. 
Watching the scene, Vivian was stunned. 
"Xayden, are you trying to get yourself a wife? If so, you shouldn't give out so many.Just one is enough." 
Ahem... 
Xayden, who was still squatting on the ground and explaining the features of the moisturizing cream to the maid, blushed when he heard her words. 
What is she thinking? He only gave out the first bottle of moisturizing cream and explained the detailed instructions to use it because he was a chemistry adept, and he did indeed add ingredients that could make the skin smooth and delicate. 
When the two entered the palace, many people had already gotten the news of Xayden's miraculous concoction. 
Usually, an underdeveloped tribe such as this wouldn't pay much attention to their skincare. 
However, winter was just around the corner, and the women in the tribe had their faces frostbitten by the cold weather.
Even their hands and feet were severely frostbitten. 
The appearance of the moisturizing cream was a blessing in a time of need. 
As such, when Vivian met the king in the palace, she saw that Xayden had already started selling the moisturizing cream enthusiastically at the gate. 
The price for a box of moisturizing cream was more than enough for him to buy a bunch of silver beads from a tribe this primitive. 
He's such a cunning businessman. 
"Princess, your bodyguards stuff is quite good.If he's short of money, the palace can buy it all from him." 
"Haha..." 
By that point, all Vivian wanted was to dig a hole to bury her head and hide in embarrassment. 
The bodyguard of the Hayeses is short of money? Hah, what a preposterous notion! Xayden is clearly trying to look for a wife by doing this. 
Although Vivian doesn't want to involve herself in Xayden's matter any longer, she still generously gave a box of moisturizing cream to the king and the palace chief. 
Then, she went to check her goods. 
"Is Prince Kurt feeling better today? Last night, I heard that it was only because of Lucy that his condition was stabilized." 
"Yes.He even vomited blood.I wonder how his condition got so serious..."
When Vivian was being led to where the goods were, she saw two maids walking not far away with a plate in hand. 
They seemed to be talking about Prince Kurt. 
What are they talking about? And...did they just say he vomited blood? She immediately halted in her tracks as the expression on her beautiful face suddenly turned grim. 
Running toward the maids and stopping them, she asked, "Excuse me, ladies, what were you talking about? Can you tell me about it?" 
"O-Oh? Princess, i-it's you." 
The two maids didn't expect to meet a royal guest, and they immediately became flustered. 
However, Vivian didn't seem to be intimidating.She even addressed them politely after stopping them. 
"Don't be afraid, I don't have any ill intentions.I just overheard your conversation about Prince Kurt.May I know what happened to him? What do you mean when you said his condition was stabilized?" 
Seeing how mild-tempered Vivian was, the maids spoke. 
"Didn't you know about it, Princess? Prince Kurt fell ill last night." 
He fell ill? Vivian's complexion turned pale upon hearing them. 
In fact, even her lips turned white. 
"Why? What kind of illness does he have?" 
The maid quickly explained in detail, "I heard that it was because of the Devilwood water last night.It wasn't just Prince Kurt.Many people in the palace got sick last night.The Devilwood water is often used
to ward off the cold at night.However, the chef didn't burn the Devilwood thoroughly, and everyone got poisoned as a result" 
After investigating the incident last night, it was confirmed that the cause of the illness was the Devilwood given by the tribe.
###Chapter 1688
Chapter 1688
Devilwood was the best material for a primitive tribe to keep out the cold during the winter.It was woody and fragrant. 
After being burned into charcoal, it could be boiled with water, and drinking it would be able to warm one's blood like how liquor did. 
Hence, the palace would ask for the tribe to burn a bunch of Devilwood when the winter started. 
Due to its scarcity, however, there would only be one or two piles of Devilwood available throughout the winter. 
Unexpectedly, the Devilwood that was prepared last night was not burned thoroughly. 
And because raw Devilwood was poisonous to the body, swallowing it by mistake would cause diarrhea and vomiting. 
In the end, the witch doctor determined that it was the raw Devilwood that caused the illness. 
After listening to their story, Vivian decided not to check on the goods and ran toward Agarwood Pavilion. 
She ran so fast that the voices of the maids trying to stop her faded into the background. 
Ten minutes later, Vivian heard the sound of coughing coming from the floor above when she ran up the wooden building with carved beams. 
Cough! Cough! He's really sick! She became even more worried.
She ignored the fact that it was inappropriate for someone of her identity to be there and simply ran into the room. 
The young man stood by the window dressed in a robe.His short dark hair was shaggy, and he was wearing a pair of soft-soled shoes. 
When Vivian entered the room, he was looking at something in his hand under the fading sunlight. 
At a glance, he didn't look as upright and energetic as he used to be. 
Is he really sick? Why is he not resting?He's not even wearing proper clothing. 
The weather is so cold, and it's almost snowing. 
Vivian got even more worried.She stepped into the room and went behind him. 
"Are you sick? Let me have a look." 
Before Kurt could react, a pair of petite hands had turned him around to face Vivian.She then touched his forehead with her warm hand. 
Everything happened in an instant. 
Kurt was rendered speechless. 
"Hm.There's no fever, but your complexion looks off.Let's go to the hospital in Summerbank.The doctors here are too primitive." 
Kurt could see his reflection in Vivian's eyes as she spoke with urgency. 
His mind was suddenly filled with a buzzing noise.
What is this feeling? He couldn't tell. 
However, he could feel something awakening in his chest, and suddenly it became hot. 
At that moment, his fingers started to tremble. 
Vivian was shocked. 
"Look.You're shivering.Come on, we must go to the doctor right now.Go and change your clothes." 
Evidently, she was frightened. 
After retracting the hand on his forehead, she gritted her teeth and looked at him with her shimmering dark eyes. 
Then, without hesitation, she grabbed his arm.She wanted to drag him to the doctor no matter what. 
Kurt remained silent. 
For a moment, he really wanted to let go of everything and let her drag him out of this hellish place. 
After all, they came here together in the first place. 
However, when he saw someone coming over behind Vivian, he quickly retracted his arm from her grasp. 
"Princess, what you're doing is inappropriate." 
"What?" 
Vivian lifted her head to look at him.
Inappropriate? She didn't understand what he meant until the sound of footsteps got closer to her.She turned around only to realize that it was Lucy. 
That was when she finally understood everything. 
"Vivian? Why are you pestering Prince Kurt again? He's sick.Can't you just leave him alone?" 
Lucy had come over with Kurt's medication. 
When she saw Vivian in Kurt's room, fury boiled within her. 
Especially when she saw the woman hugging his arm. 
Vivian was rendered speechless. 
When she noticed Kurt stepping back, she stared at Lucy. 
All of a sudden, she turned around again and grabbed Kurt. 
"What do you mean I'm pestering him? I'm here to take him to Summerbank to see a doctor.You should watch your words!" 
"You—" 
"I'll have you know that I'm the princess of the Jadesons.I heard he was ill, so I came here to take him to Summerbank to see a doctor.After all, he's the heir of the king of Elysium.Can you bear the consequences if anything were to happen to him?" 
Vivian retaliated back aggressively. 
Kurt was stumped.
As for Lucy, her face was contorted with rage upon hearing those words. 
"Has the king agreed to let you take Prince Kurt to Summerbank?" 
"Why wouldn't he agree? He's his son.Do you think he wants anything bad to happen to him? I'm going to notify my brother now.He'll prepare a helicopter and we'll take him to Summerbank, hmph!" 
Vivian, who was provoked, finally brought out the temperament and confidence of a princess, rendering Lucy speechless. 
Indeed. 
When it comes to family background, no one in this world could compare with Vivian.She was an honorable princess, and not some girl from a small tribe. 
The status of the Jadesons was ridiculously competent and influential in the country. 
And her father, Sebastian, was the man that held all the power. 
Facing someone with such a substantial status, Lucy had no right to question nor shout at her. 
Does she think that just because I'm always in a good mood she can forget who I am? That because I'm acquainted with her she can forget about my identity? With that thought in mind, Vivian took Kurt away without batting an eye. 
Being stuck between the two women, Kurt was at a loss for words.
###Chapter 1689
Chapter 1689
Vivian took Kurt to the Summerbank Hospital that same day. 
Matteo wasn't at Elysium since he had exams at his school for the past two days.He figured that since Xayden was present, he could go back to school and come back after his exams. 
When Vivian realized that Matteo was nowhere to be found, she called Sebastian. 
"Daddy, I want a helicopter right now!" 
"What?" 
Sebastian, who was far away in Miralaea, was stunned when he heard what his daughter said on the phone. 
A helicopter? My, my, aren't you getting a bit too spoiled?Now you want a helicopter? Sebastian was sitting in a chair with his legs crossed. 
Flipping through a book in his hand, he said, "Why? Are you trying to ship the goods to the overseas merchants by air?" 
"Huh?" Vivian widened her eyes in shock. 
"Daddy, so you knew everything?" 
"Of course.My daughter is so capable, how could I not know? The business department has already given me a call.They even praised you." 
Sebastian started teasing his daughter.
However, his expression at that moment was one of pride. 
The little sweetie he raised for so many years had brought him many surprises.It was only natural that he would be happy. 
Vivian immediately blushed upon hearing that. 
"Daddy..." 
"All right, that's enough.Tell me, why do you want a helicopter suddenly? Is it really for your business?" 
"No" 
When she heard her father mention her business, she quickly shook her head to deny it. 
"Daddy, Kurt is sick.I...I want to take him to Summerbank Hospital, but the transportation here is inconvenient.And...even with a car, we'll have to walk for dozens of miles first to reach it.I-I don't want to make him walk in his condition." 
Vivian was stuttering a little. 
She felt embarrassed to explain.She was also worried about the things that Sebastian might find out. 
After all, she had not told Sebastian about Kurt's memory loss after he was being fed worms.So she wasn't sure if Sebastion knew about it. 
If he didn't know about it, she should never mention it. 
Fortunately, Sebastian only focused on the fact that Kurt was sick. 
"Is he seriously ill?"
"It's serious.I heard he vomited blood last night.When I was there this morning, he couldn't even stand on his feet.And the witch doctors here gave him some herbs to drink.There's no way he'll recover with just that!" 
Vivian became more and more infuriated as she spoke, before ending her sentence with a huff. 
Sebastian frowned.He vomited blood? He hadn't heard the news about that. 
Sebastian agreed to help Vivian and hung up the phone. 
Then, he scrolled through his contact list before selecting a number. 
He sent a text to Xayden: What's going on? Is there something you didn’t tell me? Squatting on the ground, Xayden glanced at Vivian with a troubled look and began to reply to his boss. 
Xayden: Mr.Hayes, here's what happened... 
Ten minutes later, in Miralaea, Sasha returned from the beach with some kelp and was about to wash them in the kitchen to make soup. 
Just when she was busying herself in the kitchen, Sebastian came downstairs. 
"Darling, what are you doing?" 
"Why are you up so early? Why didn't you sleep a little longer?" 
When she heard Sebastian's lazy voice, Sasha raised her head to look at him. 
There was a three-hour time difference between Miralaea and Chanaea. 
Nine o'clock in Chanaea would be six o'clock in the morning in Miralaea.
Sasha woke up early because she wanted to gather some kelp. 
Sebastian didn't answer her question. 
After reaching the bottom of the stairs, he went into the kitchen and put his arms around Sasha from behind. 
"Are you making something delicious again?" 
"It's kelp, and some seafood, to increase your calcium levels.You said you had a backache yesterday, right?" 
Sasha moved her head to avoid Sebastian's warm breath from brushing against her ear and pointed to the food she was preparing in front of her. 
Backache? What does that have to do with calcium? Is she trying to say that I'm getting old?!s two times not enough? Sebastian's face became gloomy. 
He stared at the food, but his hands were already gliding all over Sasha's body, caressing her. 
"Why don't we try it again? Let's see if my back still hurts then." 
"Huh?" 
Sasha's face suddenly turned red.Why does he still like to fool around even at such an age?He's not young anymore. 
Was yesterday not enough for him? In the end, Sasha could only beg for forgiveness. 
Only then did Sebastian let go of her.He then noticed the sandwich that was already prepared next to him and took a piece before stuffing it in his mouth.
"Darling, do you want to go back for a visit?" 
"What?" 
Sasha, who could finally resume cooking her soup in peace, suddenly raised her head and looked at him. 
"Back to where? Home?" 
She had the impression that Sebastian was talking about Jadeborough, where their home, the Oceanic Estate, was located.
###Chapter 1690
Chapter 1690
Sebastian did not disagree with her. 
"Anywhere is fine with me.Now that I have almost recovered, it is boring to stay here all the time.Let's just go somewhere.What do you think?" 
Sebastian suggested casually and took a bite of a sandwich before walking away. 
Sasha's eyes brightened upon hearing him.Am I not bored? Of course, I'm bored too. 
Although the environment is good and the air is fresh, Sebastian and I are the only ones here. 
Who wouldn't want to live surrounded by their family? Therefore, Sasha felt that it was a good idea. 
"Sounds good.Let's return to Oceanic Estate and visit Old Mr.Jadeson and everyone else. 
After that, we can go to Avenport to see my father" 
Sasha suggested. 
"Sure," Sebastian said. 
Sasha suddenly remembered something and asked, "Oh, by the way, should we go and see our children?" 
I haven't seen the children for a very long time. 
Although they are all seventeen years old, they are stil! my precious children.I haven't been able to take care of them in recent years. 
Now that I finally have time, I should visit them.
Sebastian raised an eyebrow upon hearing Sasha. 
Luckily for her, he agreed immediately, "Yes, let's go see them." 
"Great!" 
Sasha was tremendously happy.She could not help but feel excited about the trip. 
After that, she went upstairs to pack. 
However, she did not know that Sebastian had secretly sent a message on his smartphone after she had gone upstairs. 
Sebastian: inform everyone to wait for me in SteelFort in three days! In a few minutes, the message caused a stir throughout SteelFort. 
Meanwhile, Vivian brought the stubborn Kurt to the hospital. 
"Doctor, he is ill.Please take a look at him!" Vivian said urgently. 
Once they arrived at the hospital, Vivian did not care whether Kurt wanted to be there. 
She dragged him in by his arm, registered, and pulled him to a doctor. 
The doctor asked, "What is the matter?" 
Kurt did not say anything. 
Therefore, Vivian answered for him, "He vomited blood.Please take a look at him now!" 
She tried to get the doctor's attention by telling him the most severe symptom. 
Vomited blood? As expected, the doctor was shocked by what she said.
"What happened? Why did he vomit blood? Is he injured? Did he ingest poison?" 
The doctor quickly grabbed his stethoscope and placed it on Kurt's chest. 
What Vivian said instantly prompted the doctor to treat Kurt as an emergency patient. 
Kurt could not bear it anymore. 
Before the doctor could perform other tests, Kurt reached out to stop him. 
"Doctor, don't listen to her nonsense.I did not vomit blood.It was just a little cough and a cold" 
"Hey! How can you say you didn't vomit blood? I heard from two of the servants that you did!" Vivian argued immediately. 
She was so agitated that tears filled her eyes. 
A vein throbbed on Kurt's forehead. 
"You have only heard about it, but did you see it yourself? How would you know that I have vomited blood?" Kurt replied. 
"But-" Vivian said. 
"It was only a cough.I coughed up some phlegm that contained a trace of blood.The witch doctor said it is due to the charcoal from last night and the slight cold I have been having these past few days.You are overreacting!" 
Kurt interrupted her impatiently and insisted that he did not vomit blood. 
Vivian did not know what to say.
The doctor said, "Aren't you being unreasonable here, Miss? He is fine, but you insist that he vomited blood.Don't you know you are causing us unnecessary trouble?" 
The doctor became furious with Vivian when he found out that Kurt did not have a severe medical condition.Kurt's scolding had hurt Vivian.Now, the doctor's reproach made her feel even worst.I didn't do it on purpose.I was worried about Kurt.Is that wrong? Vivian remained silent. 
When the doctor ignored her completely, she wept and ran away. 
Seeing that, the doctor did not know what to say. 
Kurt was shocked.His face turned pale.He immediately pushed the doctor's stethoscope away and stood up. 
"Hey, what are you doing? I'm not done checking you" the doctor protested. 
Nevertheless, Kurt just ignored him as he saw Vivian running away.He quickly rushed out of the door to chase after her.I think I have said something harsh to her just now. 
Kurt ran out of the outpatient department and searched for her urgently all over the hospital.His heart sank when he could not find her anywhere.He continued to search all over the hospital, but she disappeared without a trace. 
"Excuse me, have you seen a seventeen-year-old girl? She is pretty and has a pair of large eyes.Also, she wore a blue dress.Did you see her?" Kurt asked desperately. 
Kurt had never felt as frantic as he did now.He was usually calm and collected. 
But now, he grabbed someone nearby in a panic and began to question him. 
The person was scared out of his wit from being grabbed out of the blue.
"Who? I didn't see her.Let me go!" 
Then, the person freed himself and ran away.He thought Kurt was a lunatic.
###Chapter 1691
Chapter 1691
Kurt's expression turned ashen. 
As he was about to continue searching, he turned and noticed a girl in a blue dress in the crowded outpatient hall downstairs.She carried a handmade cloth backpack while walking towards the exit. 
Kurt did not care that there were many people around.He rushed to the safety barrier and shouted, "Vivian!" 
After he shouted, Vivian paused her step and turned to look at him. 
Kurt could not say anything.He could never forget how her eyes looked at that moment. 
Kurt could not put them in words. 
When he saw her glare, he could only think of one thing—he was doomed! His mind went black. 
Then, he ran to the stairs and rushed down to stop Vivian. 
However, she had disappeared by the time he reached the outpatient hall. 
It was the first time she left him of her own volition. 
Previously, she had always liked to stick close to him, and he could never get her to leave him alone. 
However, he had hurt her so much this time that she decided to fulfill his wish and left him. 
Kurt was shaking all over. 
Meanwhile, Vivian got into a taxi.
Suddenly, she could not hold back anymore, and tears rolled down her cheeks.She had finally broken down. 
Vivian was only seventeen and was still a child.She finally could not take it after holding back for so long. 
Her heart was like a castle wall under prolonged attack, leaving it with numerous holes and cracks. 
Suddenly, an arrow appeared out of nowhere and crumbled it completely. 
Kurt's words were really harsh. 
It hurt Vivian so much that she could not stop crying for a long time. 
When the taxi was nearing the airport, she finally took out the communication device she used to contact her brothers. 
"Matt, I'm going home.Please take good care of yourself" Vivian said. 
Vivian did not want him to worry. 
Therefore, she forced herself to stop crying and put up a casual tone. 
Matteo was probably in an exam, so he did not reply. 
Unexpectedly, lan, who had not been in contact for some time, heard her message and asked immediately, "Where are you going?" 
"Ah?" Vivian panicked slightly when she heard Ian's voice. 
Unlike Matt, lan is unusually sharp and clever.If I were a little careless, he would notice something was wrong.
"l...lan, I'm returning to Yartran to study," Vivian answered. 
As expected, lan instantly noticed that something was off. 
"Study? Haven't you dropped out of that school? Who told you to go back there? Was it Daddy or Mommy?" Vivian began to panic.She took a long time to calm down after hearing lan's interrogative tone. 
Then, she forced herself to sound calm and said, "No, it is my decision.Lady Adalyn called me and said she would arrange for me to attend Royal Academy.Therefore, I need to head there immediately." 
"Really?" lan asked skeptically. 
"Yes, it's true.lan, I can't chat with you anymore because I need to board the plane now." 
Vivian wanted to hang up as soon as possible.She feared she would break down into tears if she continued speaking. 
Thankfully, lan did not question her further after hearing her explanation. 
Then, he ended the call. 
After that, Vivian ran into the airport. 
However, she did not know that lan had contacted someone else soon after that. 
Meanwhile, Kurt was still at the hospital and had just obtained access to the hospital's surveillance record. 
As he was about to rush off to pursue Vivian, the phone in the security room started ringing. 
"Hello? Who is this?" the security personnel asked.
"Pass the phone to the person opposite you now!" 
A stern voice sounded from the phone, causing the security personnel to shudder with fear. 
Who is this? How did he know to call here? He nervously passed the phone to Kurt. 
"Someone...someone asked to speak to you." 
Kurt was surprised.He stood stunned for a moment before accepting the phone. 
"Hello?" 
"Haven't you gone too far this time? How many times had this happened already? Do you think you can gain more trust from those people there if you hurt Vivi continuously?" 
A familiar male voice sounded from the phone. 
The man's words were sharp as blades, piercing straight at Kurt. 
Kurt narrowed his eyes. 
is that lan? How did he find me here? Furthermore, how did fan know about this matter? When did he find out about it? Even Matteo, who is in Elysium, remains unaware fan is far away at the base. 
How did he know so much about this matter? Kurt felt intimidated by this person who was only two years older than him. 
He was the only person apart from his father who could make him feel this way. 
"You...How did you know about this?" Kurt asked.
"Why would I not know? You have deep hatred toward Elysium.Moreover, you have been planning how to return there and take revenge.The worm in your body and the Blood Flute are your weapons for revenge against Elysium, aren't they?" lan replied. 
Then, he paused before continuing, "Since you are that clever, do you think you will get captured on that mountain? Kurt, don't you dare underestimate the Hayeses.Matteo may be kind and trusting, and my father is not around.However, I am keeping an eye on you.While I allow you to feign ignorance in Elysium and didn't stop Matteo from helping you, this is not an excuse for you to hurt Vivi!" 
lan spoke the last sentence with a threatening tone. 
Kurt's thoughts were a mess.
###Chapter 1692
Chapter 1692
Eventually, Kurt drove to the airport as fast as he could, but it was too late. 
Vivian had already boarded the flight by the time he got there, and he could only watch as the plane flew past his head. 
Zoom! The deafening sound of the plane's engine caused him to stop in his tracks. 
For what seemed like forever, he simply stood there looking up at the sky with a blank look on his face.I didn’t want this to happen, but I can't have her risking her life with me in that d*mned place. 
Xayden told me that she had already been infected by that nasty stuff! I can't imagine how things would be if he didn't show up! The experiment from last night has shown me that there isn't a single healthy individual in the entire royal family. 
They've all become hosts to the parasites, and the tribe will most likely be next. 
There's no way Vivian will be safe if she stays there! Kurt's slender fingers trembled by his sides as his handsome face turned terrifyingly pale. 
Even so, he simply waited until the plane was out of sight before retracting his gaze and walking back like a lifeless puppet. 
Something big happened in Elysium on the night that Vivian had left. 
After checking the date of Kurt's birthday, the high priest claimed it wasn't a suitable day for a celebration. 
Some people speculated that it was because a huge snowstorm would come in a few days.
According to their superstitions, it was incredibly inauspicious to have the future successor chosen on a snowy day. 
As such, the villagers got busy with the preparations to bring Kurt's birthday celebration forward. 
The office had to take over the orders signed with the overseas merchants after Vivian left, so Riley had come over in person. 
"Ms.Cooper? I can't believe they had you come all the way here in this bad weather! Why didn't they send a guy over instead?" the staff on duty exclaimed when he saw that they had sent a fragile- looking woman over. 
Riley replied with a smile, "Everyone's busy now that it's the end of the year.Since I happened to be free at the time, they decided to send me instead.I've been here before, so it's fine.Besides, Xayden is here!" 
Xayden was rummaging through his moisturizing cream when he heard that.He then looked up at Riley and flashed her an awkward smile in response. 
The two of them went to inspect the goods that day. 
Since Riley's status wasn't as high as Vivian's, she didn't have to go see the king in the palace. 
All she had to do was keep an eye on the goods. 
Fortunately, the Elysians were rather fast workers. 
Despite having only half a month, Riley was able to complete the orders on time every day after taking over for Vivian.It wasn't until three days later that she noticed that the production of silver jewelry had slowed down.
"What's going on? We've only completed two-thirds of the orders for today! There's still a third left!" she asked with a frown. 
The Elysian supervisor quickly explained, "It's probably due to the cold weather.Production has been affected by the freezing rain and snowstorms in the past few days." 
"Yeah, that's true..." 
Riley had a look of concern on her face. 
As there was nothing she could do about the weather's effects, she had no choice but to inform the overseas merchants about the situation.She told them that there would be a slight delay in handing over the goods due to the extremely harsh weather. 
Riley breathed a sigh of relief when she saw that the merchants were very understanding of the situation. 
However, her feelings of relief were short-lived. 
She had assumed that they would be able to get the production back on track the next day, only to realize that it had decreased even further. 
On top of that, the quality of the goods had also deteriorated. 
Most of the products were rather rough around the edges. 
"What on earth is going on here? Did the cold affect their craftsmanship as well?" 
Unable to stand it any longer, Riley headed over to the houses of the silversmiths to find out what was going on.
Upon arriving at the houses of the tribesmen in charge of silversmithing, she realized that they were not slacking off at all. 
In fact, they were all working really hard in the extreme cold. 
Riley then went straight to the house of a middle- aged woman and called out to her, "Ma'am, are you working in there?" 
There was no response from the woman, but a dog that happened to be trotting past started barking at her like crazy. 
"Go away, you stupid mutt!" Riley exclaimed in shock. 
Having been alerted by the sound of the dog barking, someone came out from the woman's house and shooed the dog off. 
"What brings you here so early in the day, Ms.Cooper? We haven't made much of the products yet" asked the man, seemingly afraid of her showing up. 
"Huh?" Riley grew increasingly confused when she saw the odd expression on the man.
###Chapter 1693
Chapter 1693
Aren't they all working their butts off in the cold right now? Why would he say that they haven't made much of the products? With that in mind, Riley stared at the silverware in his hand and asked, "She's working today, right? Why would the production be so slow?" 
"She is, but she messed up quite a few of them.Look at her, and you will see how much clumsier she has become today.I've been scolding her about it earlier!" the man said angrily while picking up a flawed product from the side. 
Riley took the product over from him and examined it closely. 
Oh, my...He's right. 
This is supposed to be a pendant with the tribe's symbol on it, but this thing just looks so distorted and disproportionate... 
How strange... 
Sensing that something was amiss, Riley took a closer look at the middle-aged woman in front of her. 
That was when she noticed something truly shocking. 
"Xayden, she—" 
Xayden cut her off mid-sentence, "It's normal for people to get a little slow and clumsy on a cold day like this.Come on, Riley, let's go ask the clients for more time" 
He then quickly talked her into leaving the house and dragged her somewhere quiet.He only let go of her arm after making sure that no one was around.
"Why didn't you let me finish, Xayden? That woman was Clearly...Well, she just looks abnormal! She had a blank look in her eyes while she was crafting the products! It's like she isn't even paying attention at all!" 
Riley asked anxiously the moment he released his grip on her. 
Xayden nodded, making no attempt to hide it whatsoever. 
"Yeah, I know." 
"So, you-" 
"She's not the only one.If I'm not mistaken, you will see the exact same thing happening with everyone else when you check on them later.Those in charge of producing silverware, fabrics, embroideries, and so on..." 
Xayden replied with a frown, his handsome face looking solemn. 
Even his eyes were filled with a murderous intent, much to Riley's horror. 
I don't get it... 
The exact same thing has happened with everyone else? What does he mean by that? What on earth is going on in this place? Riley really wanted to get to the bottom of it all, but it was Clearly not something she could afford to get involved in. 
After returning to the office, Xayden simply instructed her to stay in there and not go wandering about. 
He then left the office.He was nowhere to be seen even when it was dark outside. 
Three days later, it was finally time for the tribe to celebrate the birthday of the king's successor.
Noticing that the residents all had blank looks on their faces similar to the middle-aged woman's, Riley grew increasingly uneasy. 
"Today is the birthday of the future king, Ms.Cooper.We've prepared a present for him.Could you help deliver it for us?" 
Seeing as it was almost time for the ceremony to begin, the staff quickly handed Riley a present that they had prepared.He seemed to be completely oblivious to the strange behavior of the villagers. 
Since they were an official office stationed here, it would only be appropriate for them to deliver a gift on such an occasion. 
Riley took a peek at the gift and noticed that it was a six-figure fund meant to aid the tribe financially. 
This gift will do, I guess... 
After packing up some stuff, Riley headed off to attend the birthday celebration. 
Xayden left very early in the morning that day and hadn't come back. 
"That's weird...Why hasn't the Meyan tribe sent their daughters over?" 
"Yeah! The Zenisian tribe hasn't either!" 
Every tribe was supposed to attend the birthday celebration, and Riley overheard some of the people discussing the tribes who didn't show up. 
As she hadn't encountered a normal person in a few days, Riley got excited and immediately ran up to them. 
"Hi, are you guys going to attend Prince Kurt's birthday celebration too?" she asked.
The two girls turned around to look at her upon hearing that. 
"Yeah, we are.Who are you?" 
"I'm from the office.I'm the person in charge of the orders from your tribe!" 
Riley quickly introduced herself. 
"Oh, So you're the one handling that? I have to say, you're like a savior to our tribe!" 
"That's right! Are you going to attend the birthday celebration too, miss?" 
The two girls became incredibly friendly the moment they found out that Riley was the person in charge of the office.They then invited her to walk with them and chatted happily along the way. 
Riley hadn't spoken to anyone for a few days, so she gladly took them up on their offer without any hesitation. 
"Of course! This is such a big day for Prince Kurt, so it's only natural that we folks at the office be in attendance! What about you two? Which tribe do you two belong to?" 
Although Riley hadn't been here for long, it was enough for her to understand that this primitive tribe was comprised of many other tribes led by their own respective chiefs.
###Chapter 1694
Chapter 1694
The two girls revealed their identities by saying, "We're from the Cyanian tribe.Those two middle- aged women in front are from the Mordunian tribe.We're escorting our representative to the event." 
Riley was shocked when she heard those two names. 
"The Cyanian tribe? Isn't your tribe one of the chosen ones for the role of the consort? The same goes for the Mordunian tribe, right?" 
The king had chosen a few tribes to present their representatives before his future successor. 
The tribes chosen were the Cyanians, the Meyans, the Mordunians, the Zenisians, and the Yepalians. 
Unfortunately for the Yepalians, they were disqualified from participation because of what happened to Vivian in Styx Forest, so only four tribes remained as potential candidates. 
In terms of their capabilities, the Meyan tribe was the strongest as they occupied the largest amount of land and had the most people.They were so powerful that even the king showed them some respect in the palace. 
The Zenisian and Yepalian tribes came in second. 
They were originally formed when two brothers split up. 
Since Darlene was from the Yepalian tribe, one could tell that the Zenisian tribe's power was not much inferior to that of the Yepalian tribe. 
However, neither of the chiefs from the two tribes sent their daughters over.
"Isn't it better if those two tribes don't show up? That way, we Cyanians and Mordunians will be the only ones left! The competition won't be as fierce, and Prince Kurt could just marry them both if he can't decide on one!" 
"Yeah! That's right!" 
The two Mordunian women in front responded with smiles on their faces after hearing that. 
Although the people from the two tribes seemed to get along rather well, Riley wasn't feeling all that great. 
Poor Vivian...I can't imagine how heartbroken she'd be if the guy she likes ends up marrying two other women! Thank goodness she isn't here to witness all this! 
"Aren't you all forgetting someone? The Limmer family has a candidate too, remember? I heard she already moved into Prince Kurt's residence before the election and has been serving him ever since!" said someone from the crowd all of a sudden. 
The two girls that Riley had been chatting with broke into deep frowns instantly after hearing that. 
"She's just the daughter of someone who married an outsider! What right does she have to steal the position of consort from our tribes?" 
"Exactly! She was only able to move in because her uncle is an official for the royal family! She just got lucky, that's all!" 
"Yeah! Even if Prince Kurt does marry her, she'll be a concubine at best!" 
They showed no regard for Lucy whatsoever, much to Riley's relief.She had heard the stories about Lucy bullying Vivian, so hearing them badmouth the woman brought a smile to her face.
Riley continued following them to the venue where the grand birthday celebration was being held.It took about twenty minutes before they finally arrived at the place. 
To Riley's surprise, the event wasn't held at the tribe leader's residence. 
Instead, they chose the altar, which was regarded as the most sacred place in Elysium. 
Oh, my god! The altar is only used for events like making sacrifices, the succession of the king, and baptism of the royal family! And even during those moments, ordinary citizens aren't allowed to just enter the area like this! Usually, only the king and high priest are allowed in here. 
But now, we've got chiefs from every tribe as well as Kurt standing atop the altar! This event must be a really grand one! 
"Everyone! As you all know, we are celebrating the birthday of my son today! It's been forever since we had such a grand event here in Elysium! All I want is for everyone to have a great time!" said the king as he sat in his chair atop the altar. 
Instead of the usual commanding tone that he used when in the palace, he sounded a lot more friendly and casual this time. 
Even so, the fact that they were hosting the event in a place like this proved that it was anything but ordinary. 
Although the king didn't look all that well, he still valued this ceremony greatly. 
The chiefs all sat down cross-legged beneath the altar, and the tribal members all fell silent as they watched the high priest prepare for Kurt's coronation. 
"Prince Kaiden, you shall officially become an adult after this coronation ceremony.
From here on out, you will have to bear the responsibility of being the leader of Elysium, said the high priest with an endearing smile as he walked up to Kurt with the crown in hand. 
The high priest then stood in front of Kurt and waited for him to put the crown on. 
Given the king's physical condition, Kurt would indeed have to start taking charge of the tribe's affairs. 
That was something all the tribal members have been looking forward to this whole time. 
Kurt obediently stood up and put on the crown as told, much to the relief of the king as he watched from the side. 
Meanwhile, a young girl had changed into a Phoenix Coronet as she waited in a carriage in the distance.
###Chapter 1695
Chapter 1695
Apart from celebrating Kurt's birthday and his coming of age, it was also time for him to pick a wife to spend the rest of his life with. 
As such, it was truly a grand event, and the women who have been selected had all arrived at the scene. 
"That's strange...Shouldn't there be five candidates? How come there are only three remaining?" someone asked upon noticing two carriages missing. 
The tribal members all turned to look at the carriages upon hearing that, and they all gasped in shock when they noticed the two missing carriages. 
"What's going on? Which two haven't showed up?" 
"Judging by the design of the carriages, I think it's the Meyans and the Zenisians that are absent?’ replied a person who was able to recognize the three carriages. 
Oh, my goodness! The two tribes that are absent today are the wealthiest ones in Elysium! Why aren't they here? 
"Why aren't they here today? Do they not wish to participate?" 
"That's impossible! Prince Kurt has been confirmed as the successor of the crown, so there's no way they'd sit out on a golden opportunity like this!" 
"Then why are they absent?" 
Everyone felt confused.
It was the dream of every tribe to have their representative be chosen as the queen consort because it would bring their tribe great glory and wealth. 
As such, they couldn't understand why the two tribes would be absent during such an event. 
Riley too, was puzzled as she watched from the side. 
The high priest returned to his seat after Kurt's coronation ceremony was complete.It was now time for the girls to be presented before him. 
"Kaiden, the high priest has reevaluated the representatives from the Meyan tribe and the Zenisian tribe.He found them to be unsuitable for you and has revoked their right to participate" said the king all of a sudden. 
The tribal members began discussing among themselves after hearing that. 
"What? They're not suitable?" 
"Where did this come from all of a sudden?" 
"Didn't they already get evaluated during the election process?" 
"Why would they be deemed unsuitable now?" 
Although everyone found it hard to believe, nobody said anything when they saw no signs of displeasure from the chiefs of the two tribes. 
After all, they knew they weren't in a position to comment on anything, especially when the chiefs themselves didn't mind it at all. 
With that in mind, everyone stopped discussing the incident.
Kurt simply nodded with an expressionless look on his face after hearing the king's explanation. 
Eventually, it was time for the girls to present themselves before him. 
After a brief dance and musical performance, Riley saw the doors to the carriages being opened one after another. 
Three girls could then be seen gracefully stepping out of their respective carriages. 
They were all dressed in beautiful robes and wearing intricate ornaments as they made their way forward. 
"They look so beautiful!" 
Everyone in the crowd exclaimed in shock when they saw the three girls. 
Riley too, was stunned by their natural beauty. 
However, she was quick to notice something off about the girl standing on the right of the trio.She was dressed in something completely different from the robes that the other two were wearing. 
"Isn't that the Phoenix Coronet?" 
"What?" 
The two girls from the Cyanian tribe exclaimed in confusion. 
The Phoenix Coronet is a traditional Chanaean wedding gown reserved for members of the royal family.
This tribe has always been isolated from the outside world, so they probably don't know the difference between this outfit and the ones worn by the other two candidates. 
D*mn, Lucy sure is a crazy one! Is she wearing the Phoenix Coronet outfit because she thinks she will be chosen for sure? Riley thought to herself with an icy-cold look on her face. 
The three girls first greeted the tribe chiefs before kneeling down in front of the king. 
"Go ahead, high priest" the king said. 
"Yes, Your Majesty!" 
The high priest stood up from his seat and walked up to the girls with an old-looking book in his hand and a stern look on his face. 
"What is he about to do? Are there rules and regulations that you people need to follow when choosing a bride for the king's heir?" 
"Yes, there are.Under normal circumstances, the high priest has to evaluate the candidates that will marry the king's descendants.They will be tested for their housekeeping skills, literacy, and embroidery skills.If they are to become the wife of the king's successor, then they will also be tested for their ability in fortune-telling" the girl from the Cyanian tribe explained. 
Riley gasped in surprise when she heard that.
###Chapter 1696
Chapter 1696
I can understand the first three criteria as they showcase a woman's virtue, culture, and the embroidery skills that the women of this tribe must learn. 
But, fortune-telling? That is a little hard to believe. 
I mean, that's literally sorcery! Are the women of this royal family so hardcore that they even need to know how to tell fortunes? The thought of that piqued Riley's curiosity, and she dedicated all of her attention to what was going on at the top of the altar. 
The high priest then walked up to the three girls and handed them a large, red handkerchief. 
Judging by how thin the handkerchief looked, it was most probably made of high-quality silk. 
"This is your first test.You will use this handkerchief during your wedding ceremony after being chosen, so please put your training to good use.You may begin." 
Having received the instructions from the high priest, the girls quickly took the handkerchief over and started stitching away. 
The crowd looked even more nervous than the girls as they watched on from below the altar. 
For the most part, Riley's attention was focused on Lucy because of her extreme hatred toward her. 
A mischievous grin formed on Riley's face when she saw that Lucy clearly wasn't performing as well as the other two girls. 
Surely enough, the girl from the Cyanian tribe was the one who performed the best on the test. 
She had managed to sew a beautiful lotus on the handkerchief in just half an hour.
D*mn, this girl sure is talented! Riley thought to herself in awe as she complimented the girl from the bottom of her heart. 
"Look at how amazing our representative is! That woman doesn't stand a chance against her!" 
"I know, right?" 
The two Cyanian women began mocking Lucy disdainfully. 
Although Riley was laughing along with them, she couldn't help but notice something rather strange about Lucy. 
Huh... 
Lucey doesn't seem to be panicking in the slightest even after failing her first test so miserably... 
If anything, she looks like she’s just calmly waiting for the next test! Does she think she stands a chance in the following tests? The mere thought of that made Riley hate her even more. 
Kurt, on the other hand, didn't show any emotion as he watched on from his seat next to the king. 
Despite wearing an elegant crown that the high priest had personally put on his head, he had an icy- cold look in his eyes and kept quiet the whole time. 
It was almost as if everything that was happening before him was none of his business whatsoever. 
Riley could only let out a sigh when she saw that. 
The second test was a test of the women's literacy and housekeeping skills. 
As the daughters of tribe chiefs in Elysium would receive proper education from wise elders after they were born, it was nearly impossible for them to fail this test.
Surely enough, the competition between the three of them ended in a tie. 
When it came to the housekeeping test, Lucy put her experience gained from living in the royal family's residence to use. 
"Here, have some tea, Prince Kurt!" she said in the most affectionate way possible while serving Kurt a cup of tea on her knees. 
Tea wasn't a common beverage in Elysium as it originated from Jazona. 
Due to its calming and relaxing properties, most of the people there drank it as a part of their leisurely lifestyle. 
In Elysium, however, that was not possible due to the poor economy there. 
The tribal members struggled just to put food on the table for themselves, so they couldn't possibly be able to afford tea. 
In fact, even having a nice, clean glass of water was considered a luxury for them. 
Noticing that everyone's attention was focused on Lucy, the two other candidates had disdainful frowns on their faces as they whipped out the snacks that they prepared. 
To their surprise, Kurt's eyes lit up when he saw the cup of tea that Lucy served him. 
"Did you just brew this tea yourself?" he asked. 
"I did, Prince Kurt.This is black tea, which is a very popular choice out there" she replied while holding the cup of fragrant tea in her hands. 
Black tea, huh? Kurt looked genuinely interested as he picked up the teacup and drank it.
"Oh, my god! Prince Kurt drank the tea she brewed!" 
"Why would he do that? If he drinks her tea, doesn't that mean she has won this test? If she wins, then their score will be tied! The fortune-telling test will be the final test left! What do we do?" 
The Cyanian and Mordunian candidates were both shocked and angry at what they saw. 
Kurt drinking Lucy's tea made her the winner of the third test, so the fortune-telling test was the only one left.The atmosphere grew incredibly tense all of a sudden as the king and the chiefs anxiously waited to see the outcome. 
One of the chiefs came up to the king and whispered in his ear, "Your Majesty, are you sure you want Lucy to marry Prince Kurt?" 
The king didn't look too happy when he heard that. 
"Of course not! I only agreed to let her participate to make up the numbers because he saved Kaiden back then, that's all! Honestly, why are the girls from the Cyanian tribe and the Mordunian tribe so pathetic? Also, what on earth happened to the Meyan and Zenisian tribes?"
###Chapter 1697
Chapter 1697
The king cast a displeased look at the high priest beside him. 
However, the high priest did not even look at him. 
In short, the king had no intention of letting Lucy become the royal concubine. 
The palace chief said, "If that's so, it's all right.Your Majesty, the next test is fortune-telling.The Cyanians are good at this.I believe his daughter won't disappoint" 
"Okay.What do you know about her specialty?" the king asked. 
"I've checked.She is good at geomancy.We only need to ask related questions later.And the daughter of Mordunian is good in phrenology.That's easy too" the chief palace comforted. 
Only then did the king heave a sigh of relief. 
Even though fortune-telling was a mysterious thing, it was somehow well-proven. 
After all, it had a history of over a thousand years. 
Many things were influenced by it. 
With that, the final round began. 
Like the palace chief expected, after they asked the first geomancy question, the lady from Cyanian furrowed her brows after first glance. 
"Mr.Priest, this is not a good location.Water is an essential element in geomancy.Mountains surround this place on all sides.And it is filled with sands below.It is a bad spot!"
The sixteen-year-old girl pointed at a spot on the sand table.Her statement left the entire altar in absolute bewilderment. 
The cemetery was the tomb of the chief of an ethnic group in the tribe. 
However, it had been hundreds of years.It was precisely because of this tomb that the ethnic group perished. 
The king and the high priest showed much admiration for this bright young lady. 
Lucy's gaze darkened as she saw that. 
Next was the lady from Mordunian, who was also a promising candidate.She scanned the surroundings and suddenly locked her eyes on the king's face. 
Instantly, her expression changed. 
"What's going on? Do you want to read phrenology for me?" 
The king acted quite friendly toward her.It seemed he had already considered her as his future daughter-in-law.The lady from Mordunian immediately knelt before him. 
"I wouldn't dare to.But, I see some bad omens from your Majesty's face.I..." 
"Are you cursing the king?" 
All of a sudden, a cold voice interrupted her.The lady from Mordunian immediately lifted her head.Her face paled in fright. 
"N-No, that's not what I meant..."
"No? Then why did you say such a thing? Did you see dark shadows on the king's forehead and the sunken cheekbones, so you derived that it was the omen of death?" 
Lucy stood up and accused the lady of Mordunian, who was wearing a Phoenix Coronet.She tried to embarrass the latter in front of the crowd. 
At that instant, everyone at the altar went into an uproar.It is our king she is talking about.How could she say something so bold without any proof? Everyone stared at the lady who was still kneeling on the ground. 
Meanwhile, the king's expression darkened after hearing what she said. 
"What nonsense are you talking about?" 
"I...I." she choked on her words. 
"Your Majesty, please don't be mad.I know a little about phrenology too.My mother used to be a famous fortune-teller back in Elysium.She had taught me a lot.Why don't you let me have a look?" 
Lucy even started to recommend herself in the end. 
Holy cr*p. 
Does she know phrenology too? The crowd around the altar paled upon seeing that scene. 
Riley had a bad feeling about it too. 
Lucy walked toward the king, knelt, and touched the king's hand for a while. 
As expected, she used a different statement to overturn what the lady of Mordunian had said just now.
"Your Majesty, you definitely don't have the omen of death.Nonetheless, it is time that you take care of your body.As you have been enjoying life too much, the larger acupoints in your body were blocked." 
"Really?" 
The king was pleased to hear that. 
"Of course.Why don't you let me perform acupuncture on you? You will recover in no time" 
With that, Lucy took out a long thin needle from her pocket. 
At this point, it was almost confirmed that Lucy would be the one winning this competition.She had an advantage in fortune-telling, and she even possessed medical knowledge. 
Undoubtedly, she was the best candidate for the future concubine. 
The entire altar was overwhelmed with rage. 
Everyone from the two tribes was stomping their feet in wrath. 
However, the king was smiling in satisfaction. 
The crowd knew they could do nothing to eliminate Lucy. 
Riley was beyond enraged as well.She shifted her gaze toward Kurt.She was bewildered to see him still indifferent as usual. 
He looked as though the whole episode had nothing to do with him. 
This fellow! When Riley could not bear to watch the outcome and was ready to leave, a loud humming sound suddenly appeared above her head.
What is that? The crowd immediately lifted their heads, including Riley. 
Everyone was left in awe as they saw a helicopter appearing in the sky. 
It was descending slowly toward the altar. 
Holy sh*t. 
What is going on now? Riley widened her eyes in bewilderment. 
Upon seeing that scene, Kurt, who had been emotionless, finally showed some emotional turbulence on his face. 
After the helicopter finally landed, a lady wearing a snow-white dress and a princess crown came out.Kurt was overwhelmed with shock. 
"What's with the hurry? I'm not even here yet.Mr.King, do you think the Jadesons can not be compared to the minorities in your tribe?" Vivian said.
###Chapter 1698
Chapter 1698
The entire altar burst into bewilderment.Is she trying to crash the wedding? Holy cr*p. 
This has never happened before in the tribe. 
Most importantly, it seems like she has a powerful background.Isn't the Jadesons the royal family who rules Jadeborough? If that's so, even the king could not reject her. 
Everyone was dumbfounded by what was happening. 
"Lucy won't stand a chance now as such a powerful opponent has shown up." 
"Absolutely.She thought the victory would be hers after she defeated the daughters of Cyanian and Mordunian.She must be utterly pissed right now." 
"Look at her! Her face has turned as pale as a sheet!" 
The crowd started looking down at Lucy, who had the best chance up till then. 
Indeed, Lucy was beyond infuriated at the moment. 
Riley had noticed that as well.She was secretly delighted to see Lucy's victory crushed by the lady who descended from the sky. 
What a bold woman! It's your turn to be embarrassed! "Dear Princess, do you mean you want to participate in my son's royal concubine selection ceremony?" 
The king finally opened his mouth.His voice trembled with excitement as he locked his eyes with Vivian.
The high priest and the chiefs were rendered speechless by that. 
Kurt widened his eyes in awe as he heard what the king said. 
"Do I still need to join the selection?" Vivian asked. 
She had such a noble charisma that only an actual royalty could possess. 
The king was beyond delighted. 
"Of course not!" 
He let out a boisterous laugh. 
"You are the princess of the Jadesons.If you want to become my daughter-in-law, it would be our honor.I will have my useless son propose to you right away.How could I let you humble yourself and join the concubine selection?" 
In just a few minutes, the ending of the concubine selection ceremony concluded abruptly. 
Although some of the crowd could not accept this outcome, they knew of Vivian's status.She is an actual princess, after all. 
No one from the tribe could be compared to her. 
Hence, no one among the crowd dared to show any ion to the matter. 
Lucy was overwhelmed with resentment after she knew she stood no chance against Vivian, who suddenly showed up at the scene. 
"Vivian, does your family know what you are doing? Do they agree for you to marry into a small tribe?" she questioned viciously.
Before Vivian could respond to that, Kurt's expression turned hostile and intimidating. 
Indeed, he was delighted to hear Vivian's answer just now. 
An overwhelming feeling burst inside his chest.He had never felt such joy for a long time.He never thought something he lost would come back to him again. 
Yet, the overly ambitious woman got in his way. 
"I..." 
Vivian choked on her words. 
"Men, seize Lucy now!" 
Kurt opened his mouth before Vivian could answer.He commanded his guards to rid him of the obstacle. 
Those on the altar were baffled by his command. 
The citizens of the tribe were left in awe as they could not wrap their heads around it. 
What is going on? Why does Prince Kurt want to seize the woman? They were utterly bewildered. 
Even Riley was dumbfounded as well. 
"Do you want to arrest me?" 
On the altar, Lucy was overwhelmed with emotions. 
Her gaze was filled with shock and rage as she could not believe what was happening.
Kurt did not react directly to her question. 
As the guards arrived, he tossed the seal without any hesitation. 
Clang! It was a seal of execution order made of red copper. 
Everyone's heart skipped a beat as their jaws dropped. 
Execution order? Why would he kill the woman who had just participated in his concubine selection ceremony? That got everyone stunned in place. 
Lucy's pupils shrank violently upon seeing the seal, and the color drained from her face. 
"Why?" 
She locked her eyes on Kurt and spat out her question hesitantly. 
Kurt shifted his cold gaze back toward her. 
"Why? Do you still need me to tell you the reason? Why didn't Zenisian and Meyan come today?" 
A deathly silence ensued. 
Meyan and Zenisian? We thought they didn't come as they were destined to be archenemies. 
The crowd was left in befuddlement. 
Lucy's expression darkened after hearing that. 
"What does it have anything to do with me? The high priest said that their path crossed with each other!" As expected, that was her reply.
###Chapter 1699
Chapter 1699
Kurt sneered upon hearing that, "Yeah, indeed.The high priest said it.But he is being controlled by you.The bridal veil and the black tea, and even the fortune-telling, were all your doings.They were all arranged by you, weren't they?" 
Lucy was speechless upon hearing that. 
"You didn't want to win the game too obviously, so you arranged for them to win the bridal veil test first" 
He pointed at the lady of Cyanian and the lady of Mordunian. 
Both were still standing on the altar. 
Beyond exasperated, the two ladies’ eyes were reddened. 
"Then what about the following round? Kurt, what was wrong with the tea and the fortune-telling session?" 
The chiefs of Cyanian and Mordunian were enraged as they started to question. 
Kurt's lips curled into a sneer as he waved his hand. 
Soon, his subordinate brought upon something with a silver plate. 
"There was nothing wrong with the tea.That was her scheme.She has known me for a long time, and she knew it was my favorite.However, her ace card was the fortune-telling." 
He used a fork to pick up a tiny thing on the silver plate. 
"Hiss..."
To everyone's bewilderment, the tiny thing started wriggling on the fork and making a scary hissing sound, What is that thing exactly? A glint of fear appeared on everyone's face. 
Meanwhile, Lucy's face turned as white as a sheet. 
Not only did she see the worm, but she also noticed Kurt mentioning that she had known him for a long time and was aware that he liked black tea. 
What did he mean that I had known him for a long time? Based on his current memory, he was supposed to encounter me in the palace. 
Does that mean he has never fost his memory at all? Has he been deceiving me from the start? Chills ran down her spine; she could not help but shiver. 
"Prince Kurt, this..." 
"It's a worm.Could you take it to the king? Maybe, there's a surprise awaiting him." 
Kurt did not show much emotion after taking out the worm.He seemed to have a naughty notion as he asked the subordinate to bring the worm to the king. 
With that, the guard brought it cautiously to the latter. 
Everyone was dumbstruck by the next scene. 
As soon as the worm approached the king, it let out a loud shriek. 
The king sitting on his throne suddenly covered his belly with his hands, and appeared to be in anguish. 
"Aargghhhh!!"
"Your Majesty.what's wrong?" 
The palace chief was startled as he immediately ran to support the king. 
Those surrounding the altar, including those tribe citizens, froze on the spot upon witnessing that scene. 
They were familiar with worms. 
Even their high priest had some worms with him. 
Not to mention, he was the only one capable of possessing it. 
Worms were indeed dangerous beings.They could either control or kill the host. 
The palace had long since issued a strict order that no one other than the high priest should raise such a thing.Then, how could there be worms inside the king's body? Did the high priest insert those worms? 
"You..." 
The king, suffering from the worms, cast a furious look at the high priest.He seemed to have the urge to kill the latter right away. 
Just then, something strange happened. 
The high priest did not react at all.He stood at his spot, still smiling.It looked as though it had nothing to do with him. 
The king and the crowd were rendered speechless by that.
Even Vivian who was on the altar widened her eyes in disbelief. 
There is something amiss about him. 
"Yael, what are you doing? The king is talking to you! Yael!" someone among the chiefs shouted at the high priest angrily. 
The voice came from the chief of Cyanian who had just voiced out previously. 
However, the high priest, named Yael Griffin, did not seem to be bothered.He stood there with an unnatural smile on his face, as though he was a puppet being controlled by someone. 
That's so bizarre! The king had noticed something was off too. 
Enduring the pain in his body, he stared at the high priest and asked, "What's wrong with him?" 
No one dared to answer his question, except Kurt. 
"He is just like you.He was fed with the worms, obviously for quite a while now.You are still of use; your brain is not yet consumed entirely.There is still hope for you." 
He did not hold back his words at all. 
There was a glint of provocation in his tone. 
The color drained from the king's face upon hearing that.He could no longer hold his composure. 
"Who? Who the h#ll did this?" 
Kurt did not answer this time.He sat there lazily as he shifted his gaze toward the lady wearing the Phoenix Coronet.He looked as though he was a predator targeting its prey.it has been such a long
act.It has been three months since I was attacked in the forest, brought back to the palace, and fed with the worms. 
Perhaps, it has been even longer than three months.He began to play with a blood-red bead in his hand.
###Chapter 1700
Chapter 1700
There was no more hope in Lucy's eyes.She froze on the spot, staring at Kurt. 
After a while, she asked with a hoarse voice, "You have never lost your memory, have you?" 
"I did.For about ten days" he replied honestly. 
Upon hearing that, the two ladies in front of him felt a chill arising in their bodies as their hearts dropped with a thud. 
Meanwhile, Vivian could feel her heart racing as though it would jump out of her throat.He has been faking it all this while! D*mn it! How could he lie to me? Beyond infuriated, Vivian did not know how to react. 
Her face turned utterly red. 
Lucy uttered, "So all this while, it was all been an act, wasn't it?" 
"Yes!" Kurt responded. 
Lucy asked again, "Then what have you found out? Did you know my identity?" 
"What do you think?" 
The conversation ended with a provocative question by Kurt. 
Lucy fell into a deep silence.She stood still and stared at him. 
After a long while, her pale lips suddenly curled into an eerie smile.
"No, you will never know who I am.And you will never find out what I have done.Kaiden, your performance has been a huge disappointment to me." 
She staggered backward slowly as she spoke. 
Those on the altar sensed something was wrong. 
They immediately stood up from their seats and intended to flee. 
Yet, they soon discovered that besides the king, the palace chief, and those from Cyanian and Mordunian, the rest was standing there without moving. 
Their conditions looked just like the high priest's. 
"You b*tch!" 
The king finally burst into rage. 
He shouted as he drew the sword from the guard beside him.He was determined to kill the woman himself. 
However, it was too late. 
Lucy, who had left the center of the altar, suddenly put her finger into her mouth.She made a whistle, and those people standing still immediately started moving. 
"Aaaahhl" 
The two daughters of Cyanian and Mordunian recoiled in fear upon seeing that. 
Vivian was utterly stunned as she saw the terrifying scene.
At the critical moment, a figure emerged in front of her.He grabbed her by her waist and led her to jump down from the altar. 
Vivian failed to react to that.She was brought to Riley. 
By then, she was still staring at Kurt who placed her down gently, not knowing what to say. 
"Aunt Riley, please take her away.lan and Matteo will be here soon," Kurt said. 
"Then...what about you? Did that woman control everyone here? No wonder I thought those people looked strange when I was taking the goods here these few days.What is she up to now?" 
Riley was also beyond terrified by this abrupt development.She panicked when she heard Kurt asking her to bring Vivian away. 
Nonetheless, Kurt did not answer her questions. 
At this point, he figured it was better for those he wanted to protect to know less. 
Kurt released his hands and was about to leave. 
"Hold on a second!" 
At that instant, Vivian regained her senses as she grabbed his hand tightly. 
Kurt was startled, and he halted his feet abruptly. 
"Tell me, what do you want to do now? Don't lie to me again!" 
Tears welled up in her eyes.She was behaving confidently and arrogantly the moment she arrived in the helicopter.
Yet, her face was filled with fear and anxiousness at this moment.She could not bear to see him leave. 
Kurt turned around and looked at her.He threw away all his disguise at that moment as he could no longer suppress his emotions.He gripped her hand and pulled her into his embrace. 
"I'm so sorry..." 
He choked on his words. 
At that moment, Vivian felt as if her mind was blown. 
While she felt the familiar warmth and scent of his body, her heart was filled with mixed feelings. 
Overwhelmed with indignance, she failed to control the tears from flowing down her cheeks. 
"I don't want you to say sorry.I want you to leave with me.Kurt, let's leave this place, okay? That woman is a mad person.Let's not stay here anymore." 
She bawled her eyes out like a child, begging him to leave with her. 
Even a fool could tell that Lucy was not a kind person.She even dared to manipulate a high priest. 
There was unlikely any crime she would not dare to do. 
No one knew how many schemes she had been planning in her mind. 
The only thing Vivian Knew was that the entire Elysium had almost fallen into Lucy's hand. 
"Kurt, please go back with me..." 
"Vivi."
Kurt, who was still hugging Vivian tightly, called her by her name. 
That was all he could say. 
Can I go back with her? Absolutely not. 
If I leave now, it would be the end of Elysium. 
Even though he hated this place and would not miss it even if it perished, the citizens here were innocent, just like his grandpa and grandma. 
There are kids, old people, and families here. 
Most importantly, Lucy's purpose is not to conquer Elysium, but to use the tribe as a weapon to help that bast*rd rise again!
###Chapter 1701
Chapter 1701
In the end, Kurt knocked Vivian unconscious and handed her over to Riley. 
"Ms.Cooper, sorry for the trouble." 
Riley was stumped when she suddenly saw what was happening on the altar. 
Once the matter was exposed, Lucy grabbed a blade from one of the guards and began slaughtering everyone. 
With the vicious expression and the fact that she was still wearing her wedding gown, it was a terrifying sight to behold. 
After Riley carried the unconscious Vivian out on her back, Kurt tapped his foot and leaped back onto the altar. 
"Kaiden, do you think you can turn the matter around just by exposing me?" 
Lucy sneered when she saw him return. 
By then, she had already killed a few of the female royal guards with the blade she was holding. 
Meanwhile, Kurt scanned his surroundings and realized how bleak the situation was. 
Other than the Cyanians and Mordunians, all the other citizens were being controlled like puppets. 
Brandishing the weapons in their hands, they charged at the two tribes. 
On the altar, the situation was even more grim. 
The Mordunian chief had already been cut down while trying to protect the king.
Therefore, only the Cyanian chief was left to defend him. 
"Your Majesty, let's go!" 
"Hahaha!" 
Lucy burst into raving mad laughter upon hearing his words. 
"Don't you see it? There's no escape for you now.Where are you going to flee to? Let me tell you, Kaiden, I control Elysium now.In fact, I deliberately left these two useless tribes alone for your use during the election," 
Lucy declared with an unremorseful expression. 
Deliberately left? Kurt narrowed his gaze at her and asked, "Why? Is this election very important to you?" 
Lucy replied, "Yes, Kaiden, if you cooperate with me, you can still be the king of Elysium, while I can continue being your consort" 
Despite what happened, Lucy continued to persuade him.After all, it was a great honor for her.She could turn the entire Elysium into her puppet, while Kurt could ascend the throne. 
In the meantime, Kurt took out the blood-red-colored bead. 
After quickly studying it, he pressed a switch and caused it to turn into the long and sharp Blood Arrow. 
He glared at her with a gaze filled with hatred and contempt. 
"My consort? Are you even worthy?" 
"What did you say?"
At that moment, Lucy's face lost all color, as if she had been forcefully slapped in her face. 
"Didn't you hear me? Let me repeat it again.Based on your family background, you're nothing but a pawn of Eddie's.Based on looks, you're not even fit to be Vivi's servant.Thus, what gave you the audacity to claim the position of my consort?" 
"You-—" 
Lucy had never imagined that Kurt was capable of saying something so scathing. 
The way he conducted himself resembled her boss very much. 
Consequently, she was utterly infuriated by his words. 
Despite being willing to sacrifice the rest of her life in exchange for his safety, she ended up being humiliated by him instead. 
"Kaiden, I'm going to kill you!" 
Lucy roared before charging at Kurt with her blade. 
Upon seeing her response, Kurt cracked a blood- thirsty smile. 
In the blink of an eye, he unleashed the Blood Arrow and dashed forward to intercept her attack. 
In the meantime, Xayden arrived at the scene. 
The moment he saw the battle on the altar, he led the Meyans and Zenisians whom he had freed from the worms ahead. 
"Quick, restrain the rest of the tribes.We cannot allow them to massacre each other!"
The reason he was held up was that he was busy freeing the two tribes from the worms. 
As for the two tribes, they weren't actually hostile to each other as claimed by the high priest. 
In truth, Lucy had long manipulated them with the help of the worms. 
By doing so, she had turned the strongest faction within the tribe into her puppets. 
On top of that, she also gained control over all the other smaller tribes. 
Only the Cyanians and Mordunians were left alone so that the ceremony could still carry on, cementing her position as queen. 
However, she had not expected Vivian to return and throw her plans into disarray. 
Despite her vicious expression, Lucy quickly realized that she was no match for Kurt. 
As a member of SteelFort, he was significantly more skillful than her. 
"How dare a weakling like you take me on? You must have a death wish to do so!" 
When he noticed that Lucy could no longer defend herself, Kurt drew his bow fully and prepared to shoot the Blood Arrow at her. 
However, at that very moment, a high-pitch shriek suddenly rang out above his head. 
Before he realized what was going on, he felt something bite into the center of his chest. 
Ooof! Despite the intense training he had gone through, the pain was so unbearable that he dropped the arrow in his hand and staggered backward. 
The king whom he was protecting cried out in shock, "Kaiden!"
After steadying himself, Kurt raised his head and looked up.
###Chapter 1702
Chapter 1702
"Craigor!" 
Everyone on the altar was stunned to see Craigor, who was Kurt's long-lost uncle.He was the person who suddenly caused the worm inside Kurt's body to turn on him. 
Why? Holding onto his chest, Kurt was pale in shock as he looked at his uncle who had appeared out of nowhere. 
The worm that Lucy left inside his body had been disposed of by Xayden. 
Hence, the one that remained was given to him by his mother when he was young. 
It was the red-colored worm that emerged from his palm when he was on the train back then. 
That worm was the King Worm of the Zenisians. 
Evidently, they were members of the Zenisians too. 
It wasn't until something happened to his aunt and his mom was exiled to Black Marsh that they were chased out of Elysium. 
In spite of that, his mom had given him the King Worm when he was a child. 
The King Worm would only protect its host and never harm the latter unless it met with its Mother Worm. 
Kurt stared blankly at his uncle. 
"Why?"
"Why? How dare you ask me why? Kaiden, have you forgotten how your aunt's two brothers died? Have you also forgotten that your mom and sister are still imprisoned by this heartless animal?" 
Craigor berated his nephew the moment he arrived in front of Kurt. 
At that moment, Kurt's face lost all color.He had wanted to tell his uncle that it wasn't what it looked like and he had his own reasons for doing so. 
Unfortunately, just when Kurt was about to speak, his uncle was outraged to see him using the Zenisians' legendary weapon, the Blood Arrow, to attack those on his side. 
At that very instant, fury overwhelmed Craigor.Shriek! The mother worm in his hand let out an agonizing cry. 
When the King Worm within Kurt's body heard it, it began to struggle furiously. 
The very next second, Kurt dropped to his knees and lost consciousness from the excruciating pain. 
Sprawled on the ground, Kurt grabbed Craigor's pant leg and begged, "U-Uncle, no..." 
"What do you mean no? Do you want me to stop? Let me tell you Kaiden, he is the enemy, not Lucy.He, Roppell, is our family's mortal enemy.Do you understand?" 
After kicking his nephew aside, Craigor grabbed the blade on the ground with bloodshot eyes and walked up to the king. 
Kurt was stumped. 
"Argh!" 
With a flash of the blade, the palace chief who came forward to shield the king was cut down in half.
As Kurt closed his eyes, his face became terrifyingly pale. 
At that moment, Lucy came over, stood in front of him, and gave him a condescending look. 
When she saw how he was suffering on his knees, she suddenly felt the high of having avenged the humiliation she had suffered earlier. 
"Now that you have lost, how does it feel?" 
Kurt didn't respond. 
Due to the physical torment he felt and the increasingly chaotic situation, Kurt was in so much pain that his body was trembling slightly. 
Upon seeing his reaction, Lucy rejoiced in his misery. 
"Kurt, you truly are a smart man.Nonetheless, you have made one mistake, which is to chase everyone by your side away.Do you think that by doing so, you're protecting them? Honestly, you will just end up being all alone." 
Kneeling in front of him, she reached out her hand, wanting to lift his chin. 
Just when she was about to touch him, Kurt lifted his head suddenly. 
With sweat covering his entire forehead, he shot her a piercing gaze that caused her to lose her courage. 
What's going on? He is obviously my prisoner now, but why am I still afraid of him? Infuriated, Lucy grabbed Kurt by the face and forced him to make eye contact with her. 
"I'm curious to see how stubborn you truly are!"
Just as she spoke, she shamelessly attempted to plant her lips on Kurt's. 
At that moment, Kurt's entire body was filled with intense hostility. 
However, there was no need for him to take any action at all. 
As a gunshot rang out with a bang, a bullet flew swiftly in their direction. 
If Lucy hadn't dodged in time, she would have lost her life at that very instant. 
"Lucy, you despicable woman.I'm going to kill you!" 
It was the same figure dressed in the white dress.But this time, she had lost the crown on her head. 
Holding the gun in her hand like a fiercely protective mother, she dashed up from below with her black hair draped all over her shoulders. 
Bang! Bang! She fired a few more shots consecutively, forcing Lucy to flee some distance away. 
Only then did Vivian sprint up in tears and drop to her knees in front of Kurt. 
"Kurt..." 
The emotions she felt then were just indescribable. 
Looking at Vivian who had just returned, Kurt could see the terror in her face and the tears in her eyes. 
Also, her hands were trembling, for she had never held a weapon before. 
Consequently, his heart ached for her so much that he felt like it was being torn apart. 
"W-Why did you come back?"
"I want to be with you.Don't you worry, my brothers and Daddy are on their way here.Therefore, there's no need to fear these villains at all.No matter how powerful they are, my daddy will eliminate all of them!"
###Chapter 1703
Chapter 1703
Alternating between laughing and crying, Vivian was filled with hope the moment she mentioned her daddy. 
Kurt was stunned. 
"D-Did you just say that your daddy is coming?" 
"Mmm-hmml!" 
Teary-eyed, Vivian nodded with conviction. 
"I have gotten in touch with my brother, and he has informed me that they will be arriving in five minutes with Daddy.Thus, all you need to do now is wait," she reassured him with a smile. 
Kurt was speechless as he felt a sudden rush of ecstasy in his chest. 
Just like an ember that was reignited, he began to tremble slightly on his knees. 
That's right, as long as the legendary Sebastian is here, everything can be resolved. 
Staring at Vivian, he finally broke into a smile. 
However, at that particular moment, time seemed to freeze. 
"Mmph.." 
When Kurt saw blood spew out of Vivian's back like a fountain, he felt the world falling into a deathly silence.It was followed by the sight of Vivian gradually collapsing onto the ground. 
"Vivi!"
"Quick, drag her away! Without her as our hostage, there's no way we can escape when Sebastian arrives!" 
Having heard their exchange, Lucy knew that she had to strike. 
Subsequently, she reeled in the chain that she had pierced Vivian's heart with. 
Just like a floating piece of origami, Vivian was then pulled over to her side. 
"Lucy, I'm going to kill you!" 
Kurt had finally lost his mind.Springing up from the ground, he let out a beast-like roar before charging at the raving mad Lucy. 
As Kurt was attacking Lucy in a suicidal manner, it was a scene so brutal that no one could forget it for the rest of their lives. 
If Kurt tried to resist the control of the worm within him, it would relentlessly chew him from within. 
The phenomenon would result not only in the death of the host but the worm too. 
At that moment, he had gone utterly berserk. 
With blood oozing out the corners of his mouth, he wielded the Blood Arrow and slaughtered everyone in his path, as if he had gone berserk. 
Regardless of whether they deserved to be killed, everyone died when struck by the razor-sharp tip of his Blood Arrow. 
By the time he caught up with Lucy, there was already a pile of corpses by his feet. 
"Kurt, you had better stop moving.Or else, I'll kill her!"
Frightened by Kurt's ferocity and the fact that he had slaughtered his way to get to her, Lucy grabbed Vivian with one hand and tugged on the chain embedded in the latter's chest with the other. 
Vivian was in such tortuous pain that she could barely say a word. 
Every time she moved a little, her body would shiver. 
Moreover, her mind grew increasingly hazy. 
Despite being in a daze, she cracked a faint smile when she caught a glimpse of the blood-drenched Kurt standing in front of her. 
"K-Kurt, -leave me." 
As the pain he felt reached a climax, a mix of blood and tears streamed out from his bloodshot eyes. 
"Don't be afraid, I'll bring you home soon.W-We have promised each other that we will come here and return together" he comforted her while approaching step by step. 
Vivian stared at him. 
Even though she felt dizzy just like an anchored kite, she nodded obediently to acknowledge their promise. 
With that, Kurt closed his eyes resolutely. 
Just when Lucy assumed that she could capture him, he suddenly opened his eyes and stabbed the blood-stained arrow into his own chest. 
Hiss! An even more vicious worm cry was heard.
Suddenly, Lucy felt a stinging pain all over her limbs. 
When she lowered her head, she noticed countless crawling organisms moving under her skin. 
"AhI" 
When she finally screamed in horror, her attention was taken off Vivian. 
Seizing upon the window of opportunity, Kurt lunged forward with the last bit of strength he had and swung his blade down. 
Clang! After cutting off the chain successfully, Kurt carried Vivian and then fell down the altar. 
"Kaiden!" 
"Vivian!" 
As countless shouts filled the surroundings, Lucy regained her senses at once. 
At that instant, her eyes filled with murderous intent after having been tricked. 
Just when she turned around to capture the two of them, a thunderous rumble rang out above her head.It wasn't the sound of a helicopter but that of a jet. 
Furthermore, there was more than one of them. 
As they screamed through the air, one could see that their guns were primed. 
Bang! Bang! Bang! The jets fired a hail of bullets at the ground, just like a whirlwind of falling autumn leaves. 
Standing right in their sights, Lucy was soon covered by bullet holes.
Even in death, her eyes were still looking up at the sky.She couldn't understand how she still ended up being killed by Kurt despite the meticulous planning and the fact that she had the entire tribe under her control.
###Chapter 1704
Chapter 1704
This time, she had transformed the entire tribe into her base. 
On top of that, the guards outside were armed to the teeth to ensure that the day's ceremony would proceed smoothly. 
In fact, she even deployed the latest nuclear wave equipment that was available. 
How did Sebastian arrive in such a short time? Wasn't he not monitoring the matter? With her eyes wide open till the end, that was the question she took to her grave. 
Thump! After Lucy collapsed onto the ground, one of the jets spun around and gradually landed on the altar. 
Despite flying at breakneck speed a moment ago, it only took the jet a few seconds to come to a stop. 
In the meantime, everyone, including all those injured and the king who had lost his arm, stared at the landing jet amidst the gale it generated. 
Having barely survived, the king had never looked so pathetic before... 
Finally, a towering figure in a black trench coat descended from the jet. 
Given that it was raining at that time, he held up a big black umbrella as he disembarked from the plane. 
With a figure that stood out among ordinary men, he exuded a distinguish aura that was insuppressible. 
The king stared intently at him, for he had heard about this legendary figure of the Jadesons.
From those rumors, he learned that Sebastian used to be a company president with wealth that could rival nations. 
Later on, he somehow ended up as a son of a powerful family. 
After that, he managed to single-handedly subdue the chaos that erupted in the country. 
However, no one ever witnessed how he actually did it. 
Nonetheless, now that there was peace, everyone would feel a sense of reverence every time he was mentioned as if he was an angel who was sent to protect the people. 
At that moment, the situation was no different. 
The king watched on as Sebastian walked across the blood-covered altar and stopped in front of the lady he had just killed. 
"Is she dead yet?" he asked in a cold and indifferent voice. 
Just as he spoke, everyone present could feel the murderous intent he emitted.It was as if he would turn Lucy into dust if anyone had said otherwise. 
After all, Vivian was so precious to him that he would never tolerate anyone hurting even a single hair on her. 
And yet, Lucy had torn a huge wound on her chest. 
At that moment, Sebastian gave Lucy's corpse a deathly stare. 
"Mr.Hayes, she's no longer breathing." 
"Crack her skull and examine her brain."
"Yes, Mr.Hayes." 
"Also, kill the rest of them," he ordered through his gritted teeth. 
It had been a long time since he felt the urge to kill anyone. 
This time, blood was destined to flow like rivers. 
As the king continued to stare in awe, he finally understood what a true king and a real massacre actually were. 
Despite ruling Elysium like a tyrant, he was nothing compared to Sebastian. 
The screams of the slaughter could be heard for half an hour straight. 
All of them were being cut down just like watermelons. 
In the meantime, another jet landed behind them. 
Subsequently, two youths stormed out of it. 
Both of them were obviously filled with rage. 
It was at the same moment that the king realized that his tribe had long been wiped out. 
Other than the citizens who had been freed of the worms’ control by Xayden, everyone else looked unfamiliar to him. 
In other words, Elysium had been replaced right under his nose with men brought in by Lucy. 
"How dare you hurt my sister!"
As the youth's voice rang out, a sharp dagger plunged into the high priest's chest, causing him to collapse lifelessly onto the ground. 
Meanwhile, the king saw the other youth stepping on the high priest's corpse as he began to control a drone, which had blue lights blinking as it hovered in the air. 
After it ascended into the sky, the youth fiddled with the controls, resulting in a sound of a crack. 
Suddenly, the drone showered a white light upon the chaotic citizens beneath it. 
The next moment, the citizens that Xayden haven't freed stopped their hysterical actions abruptly. 
At the same time, the blank look on their faces gradually dissipated. 
"Mr.lan, you're amazing to have invented this gadget!" 
Xayden shouted in delight from below the altar when he saw what was going on. 
Evidently, lan was using advanced technology to free the tribe's citizens from mind control.The king was so astounded that he was lost for words.
###Chapter 1705
Chapter 1705
"Do you still want to kill?" 
All of a sudden, Sebastian walked over. 
The king was stunned to see Sebastian's gaze fall upon the man who was threatening him with a blade, Craigor.It was Craigor's sudden appearance that foiled the entire plan. 
If not for him, Kurt would have executed the mission beautifully. 
Craigor's actions had resulted in mass casualties among the tribe. 
Furthermore, he had caused the innocent Vivian to be grievously injured and for Kurt to sacrifice his life to save her. 
Up till then, no one was sure if Kurt was still alive or not. 
As Sebastian stared daggers at Craigor, the latter felt a chill down his spine. 
"w-Who are you?" 
"Who am I? After making that girl your pawn for so many years, how can you not know who I am? After all that planning, didn't she tell you who she is going against?" 
As the black umbrella tilted to the side, Sebastian revealed his face and burst into mocking laughter. 
At the same time, Craigor's eyes widened in shock. 
"Y-You're the youngest son of the Jadesons!" 
"Yes, I am!"
Craigor never said another word thereafter. 
Upon learning that he had been used all this while, Craigor stood there blankly as if a heavy blow had struck his head.So, this is him. 
After hearing so much about Sebastian over the years, Craigor assumed that he would look like some kind of a monster. 
However, Sebastian not only turned out to be much younger than he thought but was also a handsome and gentle-looking man. 
How is this possible? All the rumors he heard about Sebastian revolved around how ruthless the latter was. 
Even though Craigor was dumbstruck, that wasn't going to be his greatest blow. 
Standing in front of Craigor, Sebastian continued, "You claim that you are seeking revenge upon Roppell for killing your two sisters and nephews, but do you know that your nephews have been killed by the mastermind behind this lady?" 
"What did you say? They died by his hand?" 
"Yes, after your two nephews were sent away by their mother, my father took them in.Ever since then, they stayed with the Hayes family. 
The elder nephew sacrificed his life in Jetroina after stabbing my father's killer. 
He had wanted to repay his debt of gratitude by exacting revenge on the man who plotted against my father.
"As for your younger nephew, he continued to stay by my side.When I joined the Jadeson family, Eddie wanted to dispose of me when he saw how fast my influence was eroding his control over the Jadesons.Unfortunately, your nephew died protecting me when he was caught in Eddie's trap.And now, you have the cheek to tell me that you're avenging their deaths?" 
Sebastian's final sentence was filled with sarcasm. 
In truth, he had no interest in speaking to Craigor, especially after the latter had thrown a wrench into his grand plan. 
However, after watching Kurt suffer tremendously, Sebastian felt the urge to let the idiotic Craigor know of the massive mistake he made. 
He wanted to ensure that Craigor would live in regret, without any hope of redemption for the rest of his life. 
"T-That's impossible.You must be lying.It can't—" 
Craigor was thrown into a panic. 
With his face turning pale, he staggered backward and adamantly denied the fact. 
In response, Sebastian sneered, "If you don't believe me, why don't you ask your nephew, Kaiden, who is lucky to still be alive.When he awakes, you can ask him yourself about how he survived." 
"Let me tell you, killing Roppell is like squashing an insect to him.However, why doesn't he do it? Why did he stay in court for such a long time? Do you really think he's after the worthless throne?" 
Sebastian reminded Craigor in a cruel tone. 
By then, Craigor fell into silence.
Meanwhile, the king, who was also being accused by Sebastian, turned pale upon a sudden realization. 
No one was able to accept the truth. 
Both of them realized that when Kurt was declared dead back then, all ties had been severed between him and them. 
Upon his return, everything Kurt did had nothing to do with them at all. 
As a result, the two of them slumped to the ground. 
However, Sebastian paid no heed to them. 
Clang! The moment he turned around, he heard the crisp sound of a sword falling to the ground. 
Without looking back, he descended from the altar with his umbrella in hand and hurried to where the casualties were being treated. 
Ten minutes later, Kurt and Vivian were loaded onto the jet once their condition had been stabilized. 
After that, someone rushed up behind Sebastian to report, "Mr.Hayes, Craigor has committed suicide." 
Sebastian simply responded with a smirk.
###Chapter 1706
Chapter 1706
Just when Sebastian was getting back into the plane, the king dragged himself with his broken arm to stop the former. 
"M-Mr.Jadeson, I would like to ask you if my son is ever coming back?" 
Standing in front of the giant aircraft which he had not seen before, the king peered inside, hoping to find his son. 
Son? Sebastian turned around and gave him a disdainful look. 
"Is he even your son?" 
The king was speechless. 
"When your son was ten, you had sentenced him to death.Therefore, he doesn't exist anymore.Roppell, he is now known as Kurt, and he was rescued by me back then,’ Sebastian reminded word by word. 
To the king, Sebastian's answer felt like a slap to his face. 
In fact, even his neck was turning red. 
In response, the contempt in Sebastian's eyes intensified along with the frosty aura he was emanating. 
"Listen up, release his mother and sister in three days’ time.Or else, I will decimate your court.Roppell, I have shown you a lot of compassion by not subjecting you to the authority of the government.If you still dare to mess around, I don't mind razing this entire place to the ground!" 
Sebastian gave the king his final warning.
Razed to the ground. 
Roppell's face lost all color. 
In the end, he no longer dared to move a muscle. 
At that moment, he experienced for himself what true power was. 
As king of a small tribe, he was just like an insect when compared to someone who held the reins of a nation. 
At the end of it, Roppell could only watch as the jet took flight. 
Two days later, in Summerbank Hospital, Vivian's parents, her brothers, and Devin had been keeping watch outside the ward for the last forty-eight hours. 
That morning, the doctor approached them to tell them the results. 
"Mr.Hayes, your daughter has cleared the danger zone.All she needs to do now is to take her medication and rest" 
After hearing the news, everyone was filled with ecstasy before heaving a sigh of relief. 
Vivian was finally safe. 
"In that case, what about the Kurt? How is he?" Sasha asked with a concerned tone. 
This time, the doctor's expression was less optimistic. 
"His condition isn't looking good.The worm in his body has formed a parasitic relationship with all his organs after living inside him for more than ten years.Its sudden death is the equivalent of him losing
part of his organs at one go.Just think about it, what are the consequences of that? Mrs.Hayes, we have already done our best." 
The doctor's solemn answer was indicative of how grim the situation was.He wasn't familiar with worms. 
Hence, he gave his analysis to them in layman's terms. 
The doctor's words were apt in their description. 
The worm within Kurt had amalgamated itself with his body. 
The reason he didn't deploy the worm during his first battle with Lucy was that he knew about the huge repercussion he would suffer. 
Later on, Craigor, who was aware of that weakness, used the Mother Worm against him. 
The matter was a testament to how he was willing to sacrifice himself in order to save Vivian back then. 
"No, you can't do this.You have to save him!" 
Unable to hold back her emotions, Sasha burst out in tears upon hearing the doctor's words. 
After all, she had watched Kurt grow up. 
As for lan and Matteo, both of them were equally devastated by the news. 
Turning pale, they stood there listening to the doctor with reddened eyes. 
Only Sebastian and Devin were relatively calmer due to the fact that they were adults. 
"Doctor, is there any other way?"
"Not at my end.Mr.Hayes, if you know someone who is a better doctor, you can give it a try." 
Finally the doctor let out a sigh before leaving. 
At that moment, the corridor of the intensive care unit fell silent, for everyone felt as if their hearts were weighed down by a giant boulder. 
Filled with sorrow, they couldn't bring themselves to accept the reality. 
After all, Kurt was only sixteen. 
In the end, Sebastian pulled Sasha back into the ward, for he could see how devastated she was as she couldn't stop crying. 
After closing the ward's door, he poured her a glass of water. 
"Don't worry.I'll contact the best doctors overseas and get them to take a look." 
"You're right.What about Dr.Shoki? Isn't he an excellent doctor? He came to check on me when I fell terribly sick the last time.You should give him a call and get him to come" 
As if she had found a sliver of hope, Sasha insisted that Sebastian call the doctor right away.She had resolved not to give up easily, as Kurt meant everything to her daughter. 
However, after the doctors sent Kurt's medical and surgery reports to Haruto in Jetroina, he too shook his head helplessly after looking at the scans. 
Consequently, Sasha was heartbroken, while everyone else lost hope.
###Chapter 1707
Chapter 1707
"There's no more hope, Mr.Hayes.Can one live without a heart?" 
Haruto raised a cruel example. 
Just as he spoke, Sebastian's expression darkened drastically. 
"Is it really that serious?" 
"Of course.If you look at the scans, they clearly show that his organs can't even perform basic functions once the worm has died.That's the equivalent of losing his heart.This case is just out of this world.I have never seen something so unnatural in my entire life" 
Haruto remarked in disbelief. 
At that moment, everyone's heart sank. 
This time, it felt as if there was no longer any hope left. 
"What should we do? Should we tell Vivian?" Sasha finally asked with sullen expression and tears in her eyes. 
Everyone was equally stumped for an answer, for they didn't know how Vivian would react upon learning of the news. 
In spite of their concerns, she still found out in the end. 
On the third day after Vivian awoke, her parents had gotten Xayden to give her some medication for short-term memory loss.
Three days later, due to the fact that she had the worm inside her before, her memory gradually returned. 
Later on, she overheard two nurses discussing something while she was taking a walk along the corridor. 
"I heard the youth in the intensive care unit will be taken off the ventilator today." 
"That's right.Actually, he's already dead.It's just that his family couldn't bring themselves to do it" 
"Mmm-hmm.I heard about that too.It's such a shame, especially for someone as good-looking as him" 
Both of them were gossiping while tidying up one of the wards. 
When Vivian heard what they said, she stopped at the door at once. 
A youth? One that's extremely handsome? At that moment her eyes sparkled with intrigue. 
After all, the doctor had reminded her to be more active so that she could recover faster. 
Hence, she headed toward the intensive care unit for a walk. 
When she arrived, she saw the doctors and nurses entering the ward wearing cleanroom suits. 
Even though they had their masks on, she could still see the sense of pity on their faces. 
Who is he to elicit such an emotional response from the doctors and nurses? She gradually walked up to the intensive care unit and peered through the glass window. 
Just as expected, there was a patient on the bed inside who was connected to tons of tubes. 
Nevertheless, the ECG machine stationed beside him was still showing a pulse.
At that moment, Vivian felt a sudden squeeze in her heart when she saw the doctor who was about to disconnect the ventilator from the youth. 
After looking at the sixteen-year-old youth's face, she turned her attention to his tightly closed eyes.He's really handsome! That was the first thought that came to mind. 
Nevertheless, the thought was maintained for a fleeting moment as she subsequently saw the doctor remove the respirator from him, revealing his exquisite features. 
At that moment, she felt a buzz in her head. 
Standing there, her mind was suddenly filled with a blinding light before a voice began to ring out in it. 
"Vivi, I'll take you home" 
"Vivi, don't cry.I'm here to save you." 
"Vivi, you have to remember that your dad sent me to your side to protect you.I'm not your sibling in any way!" 
The tone of the final sentence sounded especially sharp. 
After staggering backward, Vivian widened her eyes and stared inside. 
In a few short seconds, she felt as if her mind was in turmoil. 
Vivi. 
Kurt. 
Vivi.
Kurt. 
"No, don't touch him! Don't you dare touch my Kurt!" 
Having finally regained her memories, she lunged forward like a raving mad girl and began to bang on the glass furiously. 
"No! Let go of him! Don't remove his respirator!" 
Her screaming voice was so sharp that the entire floor, including the intensive care unit, could hear her. 
Hence, the nurse inside came over to open the door. 
Nonetheless, she couldn't have expected the girl in a hospital gown to dash madly in. 
Looking at Kurt, Vivian put the respirator back on him without a moment's hesitation. 
When the doctors and nurses saw the terrifying look on her face, they looked at each other in confusion. 
By the time Sebastian and Sasha arrived, Vivian was shielding Kurt's bed in the intensive care unit as if she was possessed. 
"Vivi." 
When Sasha saw Vivian's reaction, she felt as if her heart was pierced by a knife. 
In the ward, Vivian was threatening the doctors and nurses not to come near with a needle.The moment she saw Sasha, she finally bawled.
###Chapter 1708
Chapter 1708
"Mommy, he isn't dead.I beg of you, don't let them take his respirator off.No, Daddy.No..." she pleaded with her parents with tears gushing out of her eyes. 
Her entire body was shivering at the same time. 
When Sebastian and Sasha saw the desperation in Vivian, both of them were so heartbroken that they didn't dare to do anything. 
Consequently, the respirator was put back onto Kurt. 
As for the doctors and nurses, none of them dared to enter the intensive care unit at all. 
Meanwhile, Sasha accompanied her daughter in the ward for a long time until the latter had finally stopped crying. 
After that, she simply sat there and stared listlessly at Kurt, just like a puppet. 
Sasha began to comfort her, "Vivi, you—" 
"Mommy, I know what you want to say, but he won't die, and neither will he leave me." Sasha remained silent. 
"He told me that he would take me home and asked me to wait for him.He also said that we must go there and return together.Mommy, can you give him some time? He will definitely come back to us." 
This is just like when she was six. 
When Sasha had just started speaking, Vivian talked over her quickly.
Despite Vivian's sound presence of mind, Sasha felt as if a knife was stabbed in her old wounds upon hearing her daughter's tone. 
The reason was that she was reminded of what happened to Calvin. 
Back then, he had died in front of Vivian, and she was only six that year. 
Sasha could still remember Vivian crying in a piercing voice when she saw Calvin die. 
Come to think of it, if she could communicate better back then, she would probably be begging us just like how she's pleading for more time on Kurt's behalf right now. 
However, will he come back just because we have granted him more time? Sasha cried her eyes out again. 
While the mother and daughter were overwhelmed by sorrow, someone suddenly entered the ward to see Sebastian. 
"Mr.Hayes, Kurt's mother and sister are here and would like to see him" 
"What did you say?" 
Sebastian raised his gaze. 
Ten minutes later, Sebastian, who was waiting outside the intensive care unit, saw a middle-aged lady with gray hair.She was dressed in Elysium traditional clothing and had a young girl in tow. 
The lady was very thin and looked extremely haggard. 
Even then, one could see from her features that she used to be a stunning beauty in her younger days. 
Once both of them came up to Sebastian, Nina recognized him.
After blinking her eyes, which resembled Kurt's, Nina meekly introduced Sebastian to her mom, "Mom, this is the man who saved Kaiden" 
The moment her mother heard it, she dropped to her knees in front of Sebastian. 
"Madam, there's no need for such courtesy." 
Sebastian quickly helped her up. 
Given how much she had suffered, she insisted on kneeling. 
Subsequently, she bowed to Sebastian in front of everyone. 
"Mr.Hayes, I, Ruby Calyette, can never repay the debt of gratitude I owe you for saving my son.I hope that I can somehow make it up to you in my next lifetime." 
"Madam, don't say that.Saving your son was a coincidence.It just wasn't his time yet.Hence, there's no need to make too much of it." 
Sebastian helped her up again.This time, Ruby didn't refuse. 
After that, Sebastian turned to the intensive care unit with a darkened expression. 
"Do you want to go in? He's right inside" 
From Sebastian's grave tone, one could easily surmise what the situation inside was. 
Unexpectedly, Ruby wasn't as sad as Sebastian even though it was her son that was lying inside. 
In fact, her expression was a sea of calm. 
"All right, Mr.Hayes.There's something I would like to ask of you.Will you promise me to do it?"
"Go on" 
Sebastian was surprised but agreed anyway. 
With that, he saw the feeble-looking Ruby push Nina forward. 
Raising her head, Ruby gave Sebastian a teary-eyed look and requested, "Can you please tell her brother to take care of his sister when he awakes? Wherever he goes, he has to bring her along and not leave her anywhere, all right?" 
Sebastian was stunned. 
Despite how smart he was and how much he had been through, he didn't understand the meaning behind her words. 
After Ruby entered, Vivian and Sasha came out shortly. 
Subsequently, they watched her through the intensive care unit's window. 
After Ruby said something to her son teary-eyed, she suddenly stabbed something into her own chest. 
The next instant, everyone saw blood spurt out of her body, followed by her pulling something out that was dripping with blood. 
"What is she doing? Open the door!" 
"Open the door at once!" 
In response, Sebastian and Sasha screamed from outside the ward.
At that moment, Nina suddenly wailed, "Don't open the door, Mom is giving her own nest to my brother!" 
Nest? What nest? Everyone was bewildered. 
In the meantime, Ruby placed the thing she was holding in her hand into her son's chest.A nest was actually the worm's habitat when it was raised inside a human body. 
Since Kurt's worm was given by his mom, she was its nest. 
Therefore, the only way to revive the worm within Kurt's body was to incubate the worm eggs left behind by the King Worm within the nest. 
Once the worm hatched from its egg, Kurt would naturally be saved. 
The gruesome scene that Sebastian witnessed would go on to haunt him for many years ahead.
###Chapter 1709
Chapter 1709
In the end, the intensive care unit fell silent by the time the doctor arrived. 
Ruby was lying motionless on top of her son, just like a caring mother who fell asleep from exhaustion. 
Unfortunately, everyone knew that wasn't the case. 
After being shocked by what had unfolded, the doctor examined the noble Ruby and shook his head in tears. 
"Mr.Hayes, I'm sorry.She no longer has a pulse." 
"Mom..." 
Nina's wail echoed throughout the corridor, moving everyone present to tears. 
Meanwhile, Sasha knelt down and hugged her tightly. 
"Be a good girl, and don't cry now.Let's stop crying." 
No one could bear to watch the noble yet heartbreaking scene. 
Nonetheless, the conclusion was for the best, for no mother in the world could stand idly by and watch their children die. 
Such was her fate. 
As a result, one could understand why she took such drastic actions.However, it was still a shame that Kurt couldn't see his mom one last time before her death.
After all, he had gone through so much hardship to save her to only have her sacrifice her life to save him. 
Therefore, he would be utterly devastated upon learning of what happened when he woke up. 
After that, Vivian kept vigil in his ward for over three days.She was worried that he wouldn't be able to accept the truth. 
However, Kurt was still in a coma three days later. 
Nevertheless, his condition improved, and he could now breathe independently. 
After finishing the examination, the attending physician looked at Sebastian in amazement. 
"Mr.Hayes, this is the most unbelievable event I have seen in my entire career.As of now, all his broken organs are attaching themselves back together.But, it's still a painstaking process." 
Unable to explain it in medical terms, the doctor could only describe it crudely by using the words "broken" and "attaching," for that was the phenomenon that was occurring inside Kurt. 
The King Worm's death had resulted in all of his organs being destroyed. 
Hence, they lost their basic ability to function. 
Surprisingly, after Ruby inserted a piece of flesh that contained the bacteria that could incubate worms into him, a strange organism began to amalgamate itself with his organs. 
Within three days, his supposedly dead organs became active again. 
"Hmm.There's no need to be surprised, as there are many unexplained phenomena in this world.It's just a matter of humans not bothered to find out more."
Sebastian plainly advised.The doctor nodded, "You're right.Even the medical field is still in development.Or else, we wouldn't have so many incurable diseases still" 
"Mmm-hmm." 
"Anyway, you can rest easy now, Mr.Hayes.Even though he isn't awake yet, it's just a matter of time before he does.By the time his body has repaired itself, he will naturally wake up." 
The doctor let out another long sigh after he finished. 
This is way too strange. 
With that, Kurt's condition stabilized. 
That afternoon, Devin finally returned with the twins after tying up loose ends in Elysium. 
"How is it?" 
"Everything has been resolved.A total of four to five thousand people died.Half were the remnants of Eddie's men, while the rest belonged to the tribe.Devin handed over a name list with a grim expression.That was the consequence of a disaster caused by a madman.In the end, thousands of innocents from the Elysium tribe lost their lives. 
To a tribe that had less than twenty thousand members, it was considered a devastating blow. 
Sebastian stared at the list with a sullen expression. 
"Haven you found any leads from Lucy's body?" 
"I have, Daddy.It's as you have predicted.After dissecting her brain, we found a chip.My analysis confirms that it's the exact same chip implanted in Duncan's brain"
lan walked over and took out a sealed bag that contained the chip. 
The moment he mentioned Duncan, his tone was tinged with anger. 
So, it appears that Lucy is nothing but a puppet. 
From the very beginning, there has always been reason to suspect her. 
Even though she was only about Kurt's age, she had the ability to wield significant influence and control many people in the tribe. 
That was certainly a red flag. 
Furthermore, this plan wasn't put in motion in just a year and a half. 
From the men in the forest to those in the tribe, it would have taken decades to do it. 
Consequently, there's no way a clueless sixteen-year-old girl is capable of something of this scale. 
That was the reason why Sebastian suspected Lucy was a puppet from the start. 
In the end, the results vindicated his speculation. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian stared at the chip with an increasingly murderous aura.
###Chapter 1710
Chapter 1710
"lan, I have a mission for you." 
"Sure, Daddy.What is it?" inquired the young man as he lifted his head to look at Sebastian. 
He had the same determination in his eyes as his father.Then, Sebastian handed his son a microchip. 
"I want you to use this microchip against them as a weapon.Can you do that?" 
"What do you mean by that, Daddy?" 
"I need you to crack it and get it under your control.That way, those who're like Duncan or Lucy will all be at your command.Do you understand?" explained Sebastian while gazing sternly at his son, who was already almost as tall as him then. 
At that point, Sebastian was no longer treating his son like a child but like a grown man instead.He saw lan as an adult who could help him shoulder some responsibilities. 
lan was all fired up when he realized how important a task his father had assigned him, so he immediately straightened his back before replying decisively, "Yes, I understand.Don't worry, Daddy.I'll get it done!" 
"Good!" 
Sebastian was more than pleased to see how dependable lan was. 
Standing just beside his brother, Matteo started to get anxious because he had not been assigned a mission yet like lan. 
"What about me, Daddy? I want a mission too."
"I haven't forgotten about you, Matteo.I have something I need you to do as well" assured Sebastian while patting his son on the shoulder. 
Then, he turned around and took out an item to show Matteo. 
"This is the Dragon Insignia of SteelFort.It represents the authority of the head of our family.From now on, it belongs to you." 
Matteo was utterly dumbfounded when his father gave him something so important. 
Even Devin was surprised when he saw what Sebastian did. 
"Sebastian, are you sure—" 
"He likes to use children as his pawns, doesn't he? Well, two can play that game.I'm sure you and your brother will be more than enough to deal with him in my stead.Now listen to me carefully, Matteo.Your mission is to lead SteelFort and uproot whatever remaining forces that b*stard has." 
There was nothing but murderous intents in Sebastian's eyes when he handed his son the Dragon Insignia. 
Even in his death, that old b*stard continues to haunt me, but I'm not going to let him have his way. 
Since he's already dead, I believe it's time I let my boys handle things for me.We'll see who has more capable children—Eddie's or mine. 
On that same day, Sebastian took Kurt and Vivian with him and returned to Jadeborough, leaving Matteo in Yorksland. 
The young mar's first mission was to scour Elysium for the former high priest, Daphne, and her son, Jason.
Meanwhile, on the Oceanic Estate in Jadeborough, Vivian had been visiting Grayson for the past two days, leaving Nina behind in the strange environment. 
"Nina, are you hungry? Would you like me to make you something?" inquired Sasha caringly. 
She was worried that Nina might not be comfortable staying there since the girl had remained on the third floor for quite a while. 
True to Sasha's concern, Nina did indeed have trouble getting used to the new environment. 
On top of that, she missed her mother and brother dearly. 
However, Nina remembered her mother telling her to behave there since Sasha was not only a good person but also a great benefactor to her family. 
Sitting by herself on the floor, Nina swallowed her emotions before lifting her head to respond to Sasha. 
"It's okay, Mrs.Hayes.I'm not hungry." 
Seeing how understanding Nina was only made Sasha more downhearted that she could not do anything to help. 
Suddenly, Sasha heard the voice of a little girl coming from downstairs. 
"Aunt Sasha! Where are you, Aunt Sasha?" 
Sasha knew exactly who that voice belonged to, so she looked down from the third floor to smile at the little girl carrying two big baskets. 
"I'm up here, Jaena!"
"Hey, Aunt Sasha! What are you doing upstairs? You've got to come down here and help me.These watermelons are just so heavy! I'm about to die from exhaustion!" 
After she finally found Sasha, Jaena let go of the watermelons and slumped into a chair. 
The girl then panted like a dog while leaning back. 
Nina got curious because of the ruckus, so she stuck her head out to see who Sasha was talking to. 
Something about Jaena's behavior reminded Nina of herself back in the palace after Kurt rescued her. 
Nina's beautiful eyes widened when she saw Jaena, a girl just about her age. 
"Is she really older than I am?"
###Chapter 1711
Chapter 1711
"Why in the world did your mother ask you to send watermelons here? I could’ve just bought them myself if I wanted to have one.Besides, they're quite heavy.Did she forget that you're still just a child?" 
"A child?" scoffed Jaena after she finally managed to catch her breath. 
She was about to tell Sasha how much she appreciated someone remembering that she was still a child when Nina suddenly appeared from the stairs. 
"Who's this?" 
Jaena had always been easily distracted by new things, including fresh faces. 
"Oh, she's Kurt's little sister.She just got here.Hey, do you want to play with her, Jaena? I think she could really use a friend." 
Sasha was suddenly hopeful again because she thought that Jaena could keep Nina company. 
However, upon hearing that, Jaena immediately jumped to her feet. 
"No, thank you.I have enough to deal with as it is.Just having Jeffrey around was enough to give me headaches, and now you want to torment me with another? If you don't mind, I'd prefer not to worsen my already terrible headaches.The watermelons are delivered, so I did what I came here to do.Bye, Aunt Sasha.I have to go to school now." 
Then, the girl hurried to the door and made herself scarce, leaving Sasha alone with Nina once again. 
After Jaena left, Nina lowered her head in disappointment.I knew it. 
Nobody likes me.
Meanwhile, Sebastian stayed at the Aquene Temple for several days, for it had been some time since he last visited the thousand-year-old temple. 
"So I heard that you gave Matteo command of SteelFort?" inquired Shin while making tea and playing chess with his son in a pavilion beside the stream. 
Sebastian held a teacup in his hands as he focused his attention on the chessboard. 
"Yes." 
"Aren't you worried about them?" 
Shin took a sip of his tea after asking the question with furrowed eyebrows. 
Compared to Sebastian, Shin seemed more concerned about the young ones. 
With a smirk, Sebastian extended his slender fingers to move a chess piece before responding, "What's there to worry about? They're not children anymore, you know? In just a few more months, they'll be eighteen years old, which means they'll be adults very soon" 
Shin was stunned when he received that piece of information.They're almost eighteen already? After freezing for a second, Shin returned to his senses and smiled in response. 
"You're right.I can't believe I forgot how old they are already.I'll have to consider them grown-ups from now on.I must say, the matter regarding Lucy did surprise me.Does that mean Eddie had control of the entire tribe when they were on Mount Aquene?" 
"I wouldn't say it's impossible." 
Shin then let out a long sigh, for he was as sick of the war as Sebastian was.It had been going on for many years since Eddie first started it.
The elderly man was so revolted by the conflict that he could not help but frown instinctively when he brought up the topic. 
Still, there was no other way.It was unavoidable. 
"So what are you going to do now? Since Eddie's been dead for so many years now, I don't think it's possible for him to plan that far ahead, do you? No matter how devious that old fox was, he couldn't have seen that far ahead into the future.He didn't even expect that you would defeat him all those years ago, so why he would have thought of playing the long game?" questioned Shin. 
As soon as the elderly man made his move, a strong wind suddenly blew and messed up the pieces on the chessboard. 
"He wouldn't have.It's impossible.That's why the most important thing now is to find his son." 
"What?" exclaimed Shin with his eyes widened at Sebastian, no longer interested in rearranging the chess pieces. 
Son? Eddie's son? 
"Did you...Did you just say that he has a son?" 
"Yes.What's wrong? You've been by his side for so many years, yet you have no idea that he has a son?" 
Sebastian glanced at his father indifferently, despising the man for being so ignorant. 
Does he really think that he’s a monk now and should leave the whole world behind him? 
"I...To tell you the truth, I really have no idea at all.I was imprisoned under the temple back then, so as you can imagine, I was quite occupied with other things.When did he have a son, and where is the
child now?" 
Shin was not too proud to admit his oversight, and he really needed Sebastian to tell him more because he could not imagine how Eddie managed to have a son. 
Since Eddie was a dwarf, he had always had low self- esteem around women. 
When Sasha and Sabrina found the secret room under the temple, they came across the man's notebook, and recorded inside was Eddie's resentment towards the society as a whole and his severe case of self-consciousness. 
Just when Shin was wondering who Eddie had a child with, Sebastian showed him a photo. 
The elderly man was shocked to the core when he realized who was in that picture. 
"What? Isn't this Alfred's wife?" 
"Yes, but this photo was taken before she married Alfred.Why else did you think a woman like her would marry a man like Alfred?" sneered Sebastian before continuing to sip his tea./ guess the old man isn't completely hopeless. 
At least he still recognizes the woman. 
Stunned for a while, Shin suddenly remembered hearing a rumor before he left home and became a monk, and it came from the prominent Heard family.
###Chapter 1712
Chapter 1712
The Heard family was very influential in Jadeborough back then. 
One could even say that they were as powerful as the Jadesons. 
Had it not been for the scandal, the Heards could have surpassed the Jadesons. 
"I remember how your grandfather refused to let me join the army and insisted that I stay at the White House.However, after the Heard family scandal broke out, he had a change of heart.Suddenly, he had no problem with me enlisting," explained Shin. 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian raised an eyebrow curiously and put his teacup down. 
"What scandal?" 
"It was said that Mrs.White got pregnant before marriage, so the Heards moved mountains to cover the story up.However, she did stay out of public eyes for several months after word got out," answered Shin calmly. 
The incident caused quite a stir in Jadeborough back then because of how renowned the Heards were. 
The fact that it happened just before the election only made the predicament much worse for the family. 
Even Jonathan was quite shocked when he heard the rumor. 
However, it did not take long for the Heards to turn the story around by convincing the public that Elizabeth had a tumor in her stomach and that she was sent overseas for treatment. 
They even hired a foreign doctor to make their story more credible.
Even though the scandal eventually died down, those in the city's upper class still found the Heards' explanation hard to believe. 
As for Jonathan, he decided to let Shin join the army because he knew the Heards would not stand a chance in the coming election, and as expected, they lost. 
What Jonathan did not expect, though, was that a young man named Alfred White from Xenhall would ascend to the White House in just a few years. 
Not only that, but Alfred also married Elizabeth.It turned out that the Heards were playing the long game. 
"That means Eddie was the mastermind behind it all." 
"Correct.Alfred was just Eddie's puppet.But you already know that, don't you? On top of that, his sickly son, Baylor, was an assassin of The Coffee Shop" sighed Shin after nodding at Sebastian, who did not expect to find Eddie behind yet another conspiracy. 
If nothing else, Sebastian was impressed by how crafty the old fox was. 
"So where's the child now? Have you found him yet?" continued Shin with his questions. 
"No, replied Sebastian in all honesty.Shin froze when he heard his son's response.No? So even Sebastian has bad days, huh? Because of how capable Sebastian always seemed, Shin found it surprising that his son had no answer to his question. 
Suddenly, Sebastian's face turned grim. 
"Is that so hard to believe? I doubt that Eddie got Mrs.White pregnant because he only wanted to be a father.That child's probably nothing more than a tool to him—a tool he didn't want anybody else to find."
Sebastian could not believe that he had to explain something so obvious to the elderly man who was supposed to be wiser than him. 
After a few awkward coughs, Shin grabbed the kettle and refilled his son's teacup. 
"Here.Have some more tea" 
The father and son then continued with their game until Sasha suddenly drove up to them. 
"When are you coming home, Sebby? It's almost Christmas? inquired Sasha.Christmas? The two men in the pavilion were stunned when they heard the word.Right! It'll be Christmas Eve in a few days, and after that, Christmas! Shin set his teacup down before smiling brightly at the couple. 
"She's right, Sebastian.It's almost Christmas, so you should go home.Spend some time with your family." 
Sasha shifted her attention to Shin as soon as she heard the elderly man. 
"Wait a second.Aren't you coming with us, Master?" 
Since she already knew that Shin was family, Sasha thought it would only be right for the elderly man to spend the holiday with them. 
However, Shin turned the woman down by shaking his head. 
"Thank you for the kind offer, but I'm a monk now.This is where I belong.You two have a safe trip now." 
"But—" 
"Go" interrupted Shin before turning around to leave, refusing to give Sasha a chance to finish her sentence.
Still, Sasha decided that she was not about to stand by while Shin walked away from her, so she raced to the temple door and grabbed the elderly man by the arm.
###Chapter 1713
Chapter 1713
"Sebby, are you mad?" 
"No" 
Surprisingly, Sebastian denied that he got mad just now after she grabbed him. 
Sasha was confused. 
"Then...What's up with you just now?" 
"No point trying to talk him out of it anymore.I was born in November as well.He was at war when my mother gave birth to me.He never Knew that my mother was still alive after the war.It wasn't until my mother passed away that he found out about it.It really isn't necessary..." 
He trailed off, as if he was talking to himself rather than Sasha. 
Sasha was stunned. 
It isn't necessary? Is he finally going to let go of his grudges? Sasha stared at his side profile and noticed he no longer looked as cold as before.She couldn't help but feel a hint of sadness for him. 
Time had smoothened all his sharp edges.He was more forgiving toward the people around him, including his parents. 
Sasha and Sebastian made their way home soon after. 
The next day, lan, Matteo, and Devin were gathered at Oceanic Estate since Christmas was just around the corner.
Vivian was the only one missing as she stayed behind at the hospital to take care of Kurt, who was still unconscious. 
"Vivi, is Kurt going to regain consciousness before Christmas?" 
Nina stayed backed at the hospital to look after Kurt as well. 
Vivian kept quiet.She filled a basin of hot water, wrapped his hands with some hot towels, and massaged it. 
The heater was on since it was a cold day that day. 
However, after his body collapsed, his hand and face almost always felt cold to the touch.It was as if the blood that gave him life never flowed through his limbs. 
Will he regain consciousness? Of course not. 
Grayson had checked Kurt up when he first arrived at the hospital. 
According to him, it would take Kurt more than a year and a half to recover. 
Vivian lowered her eyes and warmed Kurt's hand with the hot towel.She then picked up the nail clipper and trimmed his long fingernails. 
Nina remained silent.She lowered her head. 
After a short while, she turned around and left. 
Vivian and Kurt were the only ones left in the room. 
"Hey there, nice to meet you, Nina.Did you come out to play?"
"Yes." 
Nina stared at the nurse who had patted her head and nodded obediently.She wasn't as bad-tempered anymore and would keep her temper in check when she met people who were kind to her, as her mother told her to. 
Nina made her way downstairs.She was about to head out to the garden when she suddenly saw a smart-looking young man dressed in an olive green shirt walking toward her. 
"Oh? Nina, what are you doing here? Where's Vivi?" 
It was Matteo who had just returned home.He headed over to the hospital to look for Vivian after he heard that she was over at the hospital. 
Nina stared at him with her beautiful upturned eyes.She wasn't very fond of Matteo because she saw him involved in a fight with Kurt back at the palace.It was a fierce battle and Kurt was injured in the process. 
Moreover, he was always trying to find fault whenever he visits the palace. 
Hence, Nina despised him. 
"What's wrong, Nina? That is such a menacing glare you've got there." 
Matteo approached Nina with a big grin on his face and ruffled her hair. 
"Don't touch me!" 
Nina immediately dodged.She wasn't very happy about it. 
Matteo was shocked.
"Tsk tsk.No wonder you two are siblings.You're just as defensive as your brother back then." 
Nina kept quiet and glared at him angrily.It wasn't until the dashing young man grabbed the back of her collar and lifted her as if he was an eagle catching his prey. 
"Ah! Let go of me! Let me go!" 
"Shut up! I'll throw you to the ground if you don't" 
Nina's screams didn't faze him at all. 
After all, he was used to dealing with Jaena's antics already and knew how to navigate his way around the little monster Jadeson. 
Matteo and Nina returned to the ward. 
"Matt, you're back!" 
Vivian, who had been busying herself with Kurt that afternoon, brightened up when she saw Matteo.She put everything aside and stood up with a bright smile. 
Matteo nodded.He then tossed Nina onto the other hospital bed in the ward. 
Nina was speechless. 
"What happened to her?"asked Vivian. 
Matteo shrugged. 
"Oh, it's nothing.I saw her running around the hallways downstairs, so I brought her back.Right, Mom mentioned that you've been staying in the hospital.Aren't you going home for dinner?"
He turned to Vivian and asked the moment he laid eyes on her.It was his first time seeing Vivian look so haggard. 
She had lost the light in her eyes after spending some time at the hospital.Matteo's heart ached for her.
###Chapter 1714
Chapter 1714
However, Vivian shook her head once again. 
"I'm not going back." 
"Vivi, you can't carry on like this.He's fine now and only needs some time to regain consciousness.What is he going to do if you collapse by the time he wakes up simply because you didn't take care of yourself? Matteo panicked and raised his voice while Nina watched on from the side.She thought she would be mad since Matteo was asking Vivian to leave Kurt's side.However, she recalled how Kurt had treated her back at Elysium after hearing Matteo out. 
Oh, Kurt... 
She had no recollection of the old Kurt since she was only two years old when ten-year-old Kurt was sentenced to death.She only remembered him after his return. 
He loved her a lot, just like how Matteo loved Vivian. 
She knew she had a brother who loved her to the moon even though he never told her about it. 
"Yeah, he's right.Kurt...wouldn't want to see you like that too." 
"What?" 
Vivian whipped her head around to face her. 
Nina raised her head and stared at her bravely. 
"That's right.Kurt was always trying to chase you away back at the palace because he didn't want that wicked woman to find out about you and hurt you."
Vivian was stunned. 
However, Nina wasn't finished yet. 
"That's just how he is.He doesn't want to see the people closest to him get hurt.He would rather get himself hurt than see me, Mom, Grandpa, Grandma, or even you hurt.Don't you understand?" 
This kid, who looked just seven to eight years old, was teaching Vivian, who was older than her by ten years, a lesson. 
It might be because of the environment she grew up in. 
After all, she wasn't just any kid.She had been locked up by Jeremy, her biological father, for eight years. 
How could she be as innocent and naive as the other kids? It was more like she had seen the ugly side of human nature during those eight years. 
Vivian fell silent as she stared at Nina.Her eyes reddened as she grappled with her feelings. 
After half an hour, Vivian and Nina returned home with Matteo. 
It was soon Christmas Eve when they returned home. 
Sasha instructed the housemaids at Oceanic Estate to prepare a scrumptious breakfast for everyone that morning and made sure everyone had their fill.She then gathered everyone for a meeting. 
"Kids, I wanted to discuss this day with all of you since it's your day. 
I've discussed it with your father, which is Jaena's uncle, and decided that we will let you decide how you want to spend Christmas Eve tonight.
How does that sound?" 
"Swell!" 
Jeffrey, who was the youngest, jumped with joy upon those words whilst Nina's eyes sparkled. 
Matteo, lan, and Vivian were more calm and collected about it. 
After all, they were almost eighteen already. 
Hence, they looked forward to celebrating Christmas Eve with the hope of a child and the attitude of a young adult. 
As for Jaena, she merely arched her brow after hearing Sasha out.She feared her Aunt Sasha's ideas most because she always ended up having to look after her little brother, Jeffrey. 
"Okay, I've put the plans I've come up with on the table.We can choose to barbeque and play with fireworks at the observation tower, or I can cook you proper dinner, or..." 
Sasha paused when she reached the last suggestion. 
All six kids immediately turned their attention toward Sasha. 
"What is it, Aunt Sasha?" 
"Yeah Mommy, what is it?" 
"Haha...Look!" 
Sasha finally revealed her trump card. 
The kids immediately turned to look in the direction of the table.
There was a map of Yacon Farm, Jadeborough's most popular orchard, on the table and ten tickets. 
Damn it! Aunt Sasha really is something else. 
Jaena was about to flee when saw those tickets. 
Clack! Clack! Clack! Just then, Sabrina, who had been doted on by Devin, suddenly appeared in heels. 
"Jaena, where are you going?" 
"To the bathroom!" 
Jaena lowered her head and muttered under her breath before dragging herself over to the washroom. 
Sabrina didn't know what to make of it. 
"Sab, come on over.I'm letting the kids pick what we should do tonight," said Sasha. 
Sasha was in a really good mood when she saw Sabrina and invited her over to their discussions. 
Sabrina took one glance and pointed at the last one with her manicured red nails. 
"Damn! Yacons! This is really good for the skin.I can't really get my hands on it in the market yet! Devin, fetch me two big baskets so Jaena can bring them with her tonight.We're going to grab as much as we can!" 
Sasha was rendered speechless.
###Chapter 1715
Chapter 1715
Yacons were indeed more popular in Jadeborough this year. 
First, this winter was much colder compared to previous years, and the freezing weather was not conducive to the growth of the plant. 
Second, yacéns had a high nutritional value. 
As such, it was not easy for Sasha to obtain those tickets. 
Even if that was the case, it did not seem reasonable for Sabrina to ask her daughter, who was barely ten, to go all out picking yacons for her. 
Unable to hold back any longer, Sasha looked at her niece affectionately and said, "Jaena, don't listen to your mom.Just pick about ten pounds of yacons will do.Who do you want to partner with?" 
Sasha's care for Jaena allowed the girl to feel like a child once again. 
"I'll partner up with Vivi then." 
After taking a look at the other children, Jaena partnered Vivian, who was good-tempered and had a pleasant personality.She did not choose Matteo or lan as she was sure that the boys would oppress her. 
Vivian did not raise any ions when she heard her cousin's choice, and both of them went to collect their baskets. 
Nina kept quiet while watching the duo.
Sasha was a wise woman with sharp observation skills.She could guess the girl's thoughts just by looking at her expression. 
"What is it? Do you want to team up with Vivian as well?" she asked, stroking Nina's head. 
Just when the girl was about to nod her head, Matteo walked over. 
"Why would Nina want her as a partner? Vivian's pretty weak.Besides, she has Jaena to take care of already.Nina can come with me instead." 
After Matteo finished speaking, he pulled Nina toward him as the girl glared at him angrily. 
Sasha could not help but be amused at their interaction. 
After that was decided, the only one remaining was six-year-old Jeffrey, who would be partnering lan. 
Even though the latter was usually aloof, he was mature and calm. 
Among the triplets, he had the most patience toward kids. 
The teams were ready to set off. 
Suddenly, someone was seen walking toward them from outside Oceanic Estate. 
"Mrs.Jadeson, Ms.Sabrina, are both of you going out?" 
That person, who was carrying a few bags, was momentarily stunned to see that Sasha and Sabrina were taking the kids out. 
When Sasha saw the woman, she stopped in her tracks at once. 
"Oh, we're just heading out to have some fun with the children.Mrs.Cooper, what brings you here?"
The visitor turned out to be Tillie, Edmund's wife, whom she had not met for a long time. 
For the past four years, even though Tillie and Edmund got along well with each other, and the Cooper family had been prospering, the couple remained childless. 
At that moment, even a fool could read the envious look on her face as she stared at the house full of children. 
"Mrs.Jadeson, I'm here to deliver some local specialty produce to you.These were grown by my grandparents.I came over when I heard your family has finally returned.I hope you'll enjoy them? Tillie said before placing the bags on the table.Both Sasha and Sabrina looked at the bags full of premium organic local produce that contained no artificial or harmful pesticides. 
Touched by her sincerity, Sasha instructed a servant to put the things away immediately before saying, "Mrs.Cooper, you're too kind.Quickly, have a seat inside.Would you like some breakfast?" 
"No thanks.I've already eaten.I have to go back to help with meal preparation at home.Since it's the festive season, my sister-in-law will be coming over with her family later.I need to finish cooking before they arrive." 
Tillie had a helpless look in her eyes as she spoke. 
The Cooper family had experienced some changes over the past four years. 
Alice, the Coopers' second daughter, had finally gotten married and given birth to a child. 
After the child was born, the woman started going back to the Cooper residence more often. 
Whenever Tillie’s mother-in-law saw her grandchild, she would subtly mock Tillie for not being able to bear a child after marrying into the Cooper family for so long.
Hearing such words was extremely upsetting for Tillie. 
There was also Violet, the Coopers’ most pretentious third daughter.She was also the most worrisome child. 
Ever since she was dumped a few years back, she became a laughingstock in Jadeborough. 
In recent years, other than hooking up with different men, she was constantly asking for money from her mother. 
If Tillie had not been hiding it from Edmund, given the man’s temper, he might have already killed his sister. 
Tillie had been suffering in silence on her own. 
Looking at the blissful family in front of her, the woman smiled and said, "Mrs.Jadeson, I'll head back first then.I'll pay you another visit with Edmund next time." 
"All right.Take care and don't overexert yourself," 
Sasha reminded. 
After Tillie left, Sabrina turned to look at her sister-in- law a moment later, having seemed to notice the hidden meaning in her words. 
"Why did you ask her not to overexert herself? Do you Know something?" 
"Oh..." Sasha sighed.
###Chapter 1716
Chapter 1716
What else could it be? Naturally, one’s health would deteriorate after being trapped in an unhappy environment for such a long time. 
When Sebastian comes home, I will ask him to speak to Edmund and find out what exactly is happening in his family. 
The kids set off after that small episode. 
As the three older children were there, the adults put them in charge without following them. 
Their reward would be seeing Sasha waiting for their return at the campsite with her delicious pastries. 
What they were doing was very meaningful. 
While everyone else was enjoying the festive season, those wonderful people remained at the campsite, standing guard, acting as protectors for the others. 
As such, the Hayes family's triplets had accepted the task enthusiastically. 
However, all the children were stunned upon their arrival because none of them had ever worked ona farm. 
It shocked them to see the delicacy that they frequently enjoyed grew in soil like sweet potatoes. 
"lan, has Mommy gotten it wrong? Are these really yacons?" Vivian asked at once, carrying her basket, her eyes widening. 
Before she got an answer, Jaena had already bent down and plucked out one yacén.
When the girl dug into the soil, everyone saw the root that was covered in soil.It wasn't difficult to tell that it wasn't a sweet potato. 
"Wow! It's really a yacon!" Jeffrey exclaimed. 
The boy, who was used to enjoying the delicious food and snacks prepared by the servants at home, clapped excitedly because he recognized the fruit instantly. 
After that, the teams split up and got down to work. 
Since the farm did not enjoy a good harvest that year, not many healthy foliage of the plant could be seen. 
Most of them grew next to tea trees that had a dense canopy. 
Vivian and Jaena kept walking toward the deeper end of the farm. 
The latter felt that the trees there would be larger, and the chances of them having a denser canopy would be higher. 
Vivian went along with the girl's suggestion and the two of them left the other two teams, heading straight toward the deepest end of the farm. 
Indeed, when they reached there, they saw a cluster of yacén plants that were flowering healthily despite the freezing weather. 
"Vivi, let's split up.We have to pick more than lan and Matt so that we can make more sweet yacon muffins.I want to give some to my classmates." 
It surprised Vivian that the younger girl had thought of sharing the snacks with her friends, and she agreed without hesitation.She squatted down and started digging with her shovel.
While she was hard at work, Vivian suddenly noticed something moving behind a large tea tree from the corner of her eye.She turned in the direction, but there was nothing.I must be hallucinating.Maybe I saw wrongly... 
Vivian lowered her head and mulled over it for a brief moment. 
Just then, a hand reached out from behind that tea tree to grab her, dragging her away. 
Everything happened so quickly that Vivian did not even have time to scream. 
The only sound was her shovel hitting the ground. 
"Vivi?" Jaena called out when she heard the sound. 
When she looked over, she saw nothing but an empty farm.
###Chapter 1717
Chapter 1717
There was no one. 
Jaena stood up slowly, feeling perplexed by her cousin's sudden disappearance. 
Meanwhile, a hand covered Vivian's mouth.Her eyes had gone wide in shock as she stared intently at the person who had suddenly dragged her into a hole behind the tea tree. 
"I'll let go of you if you promise not to scream," the boy said in a hoarse voice. 
He was on high alert while keeping a close eye on the situation above. 
When he looked down, he saw that the face of the girl whom he had captured had paled in shock.Her beautiful almond eyes were also filled with fear. 
After the person finished speaking, Vivian quivered slightly as her heart skipped a beat. 
Why does his voice sound so familiar? She fixed her gaze on the boy once again and looked at him seriously.It was then that she noticed a pair of familiar bright blue eyes. 
Even though his face had been disfigured, he resembled Calvin! "Mmmm..." 
Thunderstruck, Vivian started struggling with all her might. 
Why? Why is he here? Also, what happened to his face? How did he become like that? She continued struggling, wanting to break free from her captor's grip. 
Perhaps because Jason could tell she meant no harm, he let go of her gradually.
"You...Why are you here? What do you want? Where's your mom? Where's that bad woman?" She did not scream. 
However, she could not hold back and started questioning the boy, her voice trembling. 
At that moment, Vivian was running on sheer anger.
###Chapter 1718
Chapter 1718
After all, back then in Elysium, those people who infiltrated the forest were sent by Jason and his mother. 
Moreover, the last they saw each other, those same people had also taken the high priest's son away before feeding the worms to her. 
Regardless of her anger, what shocked Vivian even more was the boy had lowered his head after hearing her questions.He pursed his lips tightly. 
After a long silence, he replied, "She's dead." 
"What?" Vivian's eyes widened in shock instantly. 
Daphne is dead? How did she die? Dumbfounded at what she had just heard, the girl asked at once, "How did she die? Did my brothers find her?" 
"No.She was...Lucy killed her.Back then, after your family got rid of all those people in the forest, Lucy executed my mom for failing in her task; Jason crouched down in front of Vivian with a mirthless smile flashing across his face. 
She could barely believe what she had just heard. 
Daphne was executed? Vivian was extremely shocked to find out that the former high priest of Elysium, whom Eddie had personally invited to collaborate with him, had ended up being executed by Lucy! The girl felt goosebumps all over instantly as a shiver ran down her spine. 
When she recalled the time when Lucy had gone into the forest to look for her, pretending to protect her, Vivian could not help but feel sick in her gut.
That meant the evil woman was the one calling the shots in the forest back then. 
However, Lucy had not expected Vivian's brothers would be there with her.She also did not expect that Kurt would go crazy and kill everyone in the forest just to save the girl. 
At that moment, it was apparent to Vivian that she had orchestrated Kurt's release after they fed him the worms. 
"That bit*h!" 
It was the first time Vivian had cursed so furiously. 
With those thoughts running wild in her head, she could feel herself wanting to skin the woman alive and tear her into a million pieces. 
Jason did not speak. 
Before going to Elysium, the boy was still the dignified and glorious young prince of Yartran. 
After all the torture he had endured, he had become numb to any emotions even as he recounted those excruciating experiences. 
At that thought, the hostility in Vivian's eyes gradually dissipated. 
Looking at the pale boy, who was disfigured beyond recognition, she asked, "What happened to your face? How did you come here after your mom was executed?" 
"Those people put me in a wooden box, and I didn't know what they were going to do to me.When I heard them talking about my face, I decided to destroy it myself right there inside the box." 
Vivian was utterly at a loss for words when she heard that.
Taking a pause, Jason then continued, "When I woke up, I realized I was already being transported to this place.When they opened the wooden box and saw that my face was gone, they wanted to kill me.I only managed to escape by releasing some snakes which my mom had given me" 
Vivian could feel her hair standing up as she listened to him. 
How can he be...so calm? Fixing her gaze on Jason intently, the girl's chest heaved rapidly, overwhelmed with rippling emotions. 
Vivian started to pity the innocent boy. 
Perhaps he knew about his mother's secret, but he would never have imagined that she would use him as a pawn. 
When Jason and Vivian first met, the boy knew nothing about his face. 
Vivian kept quiet for a long time.She only snapped out of her thoughts when she heard Jaena shouting her name and calling out for her brothers. 
Finally, Vivian made a decision. 
"Since that's the case, you should come home with me.I will tell my daddy and brothers what happened.Don't worry.If what you said is true, they won't make things difficult for you." 
"What?" 
To Jason, it was as if he had found a glimmer of hope in the dark abyss.His eyes lit up briefly as he turned to look at her. 
"Yup, I can guarantee that.Jason, I know you were most likely just a pawn and dragged into this matter because of your mom.If you are willing to follow me home and tell my daddy where those people are
hiding, he will give you a chance to atone for your mistakes.Actually, they are looking for those bad people right now." 
In order to convince Jason to go back with her, Vivian ended up telling him more than she should have.However, after she finished speaking, Jason's expression changed. 
Hope seemed to have drained out of his eyes once again. 
"I don't know where they are hiding." 
"What?" 
"Vivian, I didn't expect to see you here today; I am very happy that we met.Can I trouble you to pass this to my father?" 
Suddenly, the badly disfigured young prince took out something from his pocket. 
Vivian froze for a moment before lowering her head to look at it. 
A pocket watch! The surface was studded with precious rubies. 
When the lid was lifted, Vivian saw a photo had been inserted into the watch.It was a photo of Jason and his father, the king, taken on his eighteenth birthday.
###Chapter 1719
Chapter 1719
Vivian's heart skipped a beat. 
"Jason..." 
"Please forgive me for all the things I've done in the past.I also want to apologize on behalf of my mother for all the damage she caused.Vivi, since we were schoolmates, could you please give this to my father?" 
The twenty-year-old dropped to his knees and pleaded with Vivian, tears rolling down his cheeks.She became even more flustered and reached out her hand to grab him. 
"I'll not bring this to His Majesty.You have to do it yourself" 
She then pulled him up. 
When she was about to call for help from above, something emerged from the soil! In the blink of an eye, a sharp weapon pierced through Jason's body. 
Vivian could hear a desperate cry from the boy.He stared at the sky with his sapphire-like eyes and started having flashbacks.He recalled the luxury and fortune he had once enjoyed as a prince.He also remembered the radiant look on his face and the glamorous lifestyle he once led. 
"I-I'm sorry, Father..." 
Those were the last words that came out of Jason's mouth before collapsing to the ground. 
Vivian, who had come to her senses, held her head and screamed aloud at Jason's death.
By the time Sebastian rushed over after receiving the news, the cops had sent Jason's body to the coroner. 
They had also brought his traumatized daughter back. 
The only people left at the crime scene were her brothers and an officer from Jadeborough's Major Crimes Unit. 
Upon noticing Sebastian from a distance, Matteo approached him and briefly told him what Vivian had said earlier. 
"Daddy, Vivi said this was where she hid when she escaped from their clutches." 
lan nodded and added, "Vivi told us Lucy had executed Jason's mom, Daphne.She also said he scarred his face when he overheard the men discussing how they wanted to use him" 
"They still wanted to use him?" 
This piece of information got Sebastian intrigued.He could not help but take a glance at the body. 
The government has reclaimed Elysium, and the palace no longer has a king. 
The only people stationed there are officers from Yorksland and a representative of the tribe. 
Why did those men still need his face for? Are they planning to make him "Calvin" to reclaim the throne and reinstate the monarchy system in Elysium? Sebastian went into deep thought. 
A few moments later, Devin and his men, who had done scouting the area, walked up to Sebastian to report their findings. 
"They must have been looking for Jason for days.The bullet that shot him was a lightweight armor- piercing shell.After a round of investigation, we found out that the source of the bullet is a pipe that
comes from an orchard nearby." 
Devin then handed over a few pictures to Sebastian. 
After taking a look at the pictures, the latter's expression turned grim. 
These men must have found Jason, and he knew he would not survive the ordeal, despite hiding in the cave. 
Does that mean his meeting with Vivian was just a coincidence? Sebastian then left the scene with his men. 
When he returned to Oceanic Estate in the evening, he realized the incident did not ruin the festive spirit. 
The house was decorated with fairy lights, and the family was about to celebrate with a sumptuous meal. 
Sebastian heaved a sigh of relief. 
"Hey, welcome home.How's everything?" 
Sasha, who was making sweet yacon muffins, dropped the dough in her hands and walked up to him to express her concern. 
Sebastian smiled when he saw the flour on her face.He said, "Everything went well.Where's Vivi? How's she?" 
"She feels much better now, but I could tell she's still upset.After all, Prince Jason treated her quite well when she was in Yartran."
Sebastian nodded.He then went upstairs to check on his daughter. 
There seemed to be a change in the atmosphere when he arrived at Vivian's room. 
Despite standing outside the door, he could feel a suffocating silence in the room. 
"Cheer up, Vivi.You didn't cause Prince Jason's death." 
Nina's voice emerged from the room.She was not pleased to see how upset Vivian was. 
At the same time, she also felt if it were not for Vivian, her brother would not have been in a coma. 
Nina sat beside the bed, pulling a long face. 
Vivian fell silent while holding the pocket watch in her hands. 
When she was about to explain to Nina, she heard Sebastian's voice. 
"Are you in there, Vivi?" 
"Daddy..." 
Vivian's eyes brightened up.She immediately swallowed her words and went to open the door for him.She knew she did not cause Jason's death, but seeing someone die before her eyes was a traumatizing experience. 
It was difficult for her to watch a man breathe his last.Moreover, she now fully believed that Jason was innocent.
###Chapter 1720
Chapter 1720
"Daddy." 
"Is that what he gave you before he passed away?" 
Sebastian looked at the pocket watch and asked in concern.Vivian then handed the item to him. 
"Yes.He told me to give this to his father.Daddy, how did the investigation go? He's not a bad guy, right? He and his mother did nothing bad, right?" 
Those questions were still her biggest concern.She was relieved when her father nodded. 
As the evening sun cast a warm glow on the room's window, Sebastian opened the pocket watch. 
After seeing the tiny family portrait in it, he could not help but sigh. 
"Jason refused to say anything because he wanted to protect His Majesty." 
"What? He did that because he wanted to protect his father?" Vivian widened her eyes in disbelief. 
Does that mean those men have all this while been marking His Majesty as their target? Oh, God. 
Have they gone crazy? How dare they try to harm the king of Yartran! Vivian still could not believe her ears, but she could somewhat understand the logic behind their action. 
Had those men been wary of the king, they would not have instructed Daphne to approach him and give birth to Jason. 
That was why they threatened Jason not to reveal their identity, or else they would kill the king. 
"So Daddy, have you found those bad guys?"
She had to suppress her pain and anger and pin all her hope on Sebastian. 
As always, I know Daddy will not disappoint me. 
At about six in the evening, Sasha finished baking the sweet yac6n muffins. 
All the children then departed after receiving their muffins.As usual, Vivian still brought Jaena with her. 
Due to the incident during the day, Vivian was assigned to a nursing home.It was also because of the arrangement that she missed the jaw-dropping operation in the late evening. 
This time, Sebastian did not take part in the operation.He left the duty to his twin sons instead. 
That night, while everyone was busy with the celebration, a young man appeared out of nowhere and destroyed the casino that was located thousands of miles away from Jadeborough at lightning speed. 
The casino, which no governmental agencies had dared to intervene in, was filled with the sound of people shrieking, yelling, and wailing. 
The mob bosses, who were trying their hands at the gambling table, immediately drew out their guns and shot at the squad when the latter descended from the top. 
That was how barbaric they had always been. 
These mob bosses had ruled this place for decades.No cops had the guts to intrude on their territory, so they did not see this squad as a threat.But soon, they realized they had underestimated this group of intruders. 
"Come and sit in this comfortable spot.You can give your orders from here." 
Matteo brought a chair over and placed it next to his older brother.
Though their resemblance was uncanny, lan was more composed and elegant. 
He grinned and raised a submachine gun in the air.lan nodded and took the seat. 
After putting on headphones and opening the laptop, he started typing on the keyboard. 
Seconds later, lan said icily, "Three men from the arsenal.Four snipers.Focus on the target behind them.Matteo then signaled with a snap of his fingers.A gunshot resonated through the casino.More than ten men pounced on the mobsters like cheetahs.One could only imagine the intensity of the exchange. 
While the cops stationed outside kept a safe distance from the casino while the Jadesons, who were celebrating at Oceanic Estate, witnessed the fire exchange from afar. 
"Wow, are Matt and lan playing a shooting game?" 
Jaena's eyes lit up with excitement.She was so thrilled that she even forgot to eat. 
Meanwhile, Jeffrey dared not watch as he was still too young.He hid behind Devin and munched on the meatballs that his father fed him. 
Nina, who survived the bloodshed in Elysium, was in awe of Matteo and lan when she saw how they crushed the bad guys in the casino.She gulped while looking at the brothers, and her sparkly eyes brightened. 
Jonathan said, "Sebastian, did you instruct them to destroy the casino because Eddie's son is here?" 
"No.I'm using that place as a training ground for them.His answer rendered Jonathan, Devin, and Sabrina speechless.Even Sasha felt so awkward that she could not help but kick Sebastian's leg under the table.Can you not give such an irresponsible answer? 
"Eddie's son would definitely not hide in the casino, but there's no way the culprit who killed Jason could escape.This casino belongs to the Heard family.In the last few years, many people sympathized with Elizabeth when Alfred stepped down from his position.She eventually left the White House to start a new life in the casino." 
Sebastian felt he owed everyone a brief explanation of the turn of events.Upon hearing that, everyone finally understood what was going on.His intention was to get hold of Alfred's wife, Elizabeth!
###Chapter 1721
Chapter 1721
It was indeed Sebastian's plan. 
At present, the most straightforward way to locate Eddie's son was to go through the Heard family. 
Although he could not be bothered about that unscrupulous scum, allowing him to buzz around like an annoying fly was not the most ideal decision. 
Meanwhile, Matteo and lan managed to besiege the whole casino within an hour. 
The two brothers complemented each other very well, with one giving strategic commands while the other went on a killing spree. 
They carried out their plans swiftly and effectively. 
After a tough fight, they stood in the middle of the casino, amidst the enormous number of confiscated weapons. 
The brothers loomed over the man-in-charge, who had been pinned against the floor by the men from SteelFort. 
"I heard that you guys launched multiple attacks, but they were all in vain?" 
Matteo was the frisky one of the two siblings. 
Seeing that everything had come to an end, he picked an apple up and took a bite as he played with a submachine gun using another hand. 
That man raised his head abruptly.
Yes, we've never succeeded in taking down this place. 
So, who are these two little b*stards? How dare they ravage the casino as bold as brass and wipe everyone out? What gives? They don't know who owns this place, do they? 
"Yes! So, have you realized what a big mistake you've made?" 
That man continued to act insolently. 
"Mistake?" 
Matteo took another bite of the apple and turned to his brother, only to realize that the composed lan was staring back at them disdainfully. 
The latter sat down with his legs crossed, exuding an imposing aura, looking identical to their father. 
Haha... 
Matteo withdrew his gaze and crouched.He had an urge to play a game. 
"How big is my mistake? Why don't you tell me?" 
"Hmph! Let me tell you, no one would have the guts to come cause a scene in this area.Do you know who owns the place?" 
"Oh, who?" 
Matteo took another bite on the juicy apple. 
"He carries the last name Heard, one of the two former royal families in the White House.He's also the father-in-law of the president back then.Do you know who he is now?" the man-in-charge exclaimed proudly.
One of the royal families? Does it mean that the other family is the Jadesons? What's wrong with Daddy and Great-grandpa? Why must they always make us keep a low profile? See, nobody even knows or recognizes us. 
Hey, we're members of the royal family too! Matteo was feeling slightly aggrieved. 
lan watched on; his face devoid of expression. 
"Lo and behold, it's really the Heard family.Thus, Daddy's prediction is absolutely correct.Matteo, don't deliberate into small talks.Ask him if he knows where Elizabeth is" 
lan urged his brother to cut to the chase, considering that it was getting late. 
Subsequently, Matteo chucked the apple away and aimed the submachine gun at the man's head. 
"Spit it out! Where is your boss?" 
"You...You two..." 
"Oh, by the way, I forgot to say that my sibling and I are really not afraid of getting into trouble.This is because we are the heirs of one of the two royal families that you mentioned, the Jadesons!" 
As he was speaking to that man, he slowly placed his finger on the trigger. 
Had it not been for the weapon in Matteo's arm, many might have thought that he was just joking due to his crescent-shaped eyes and bright smile. 
Anyhow, his blood-stained hands reminded the man that Matteo's murderous intent was indeed brewing strongly within him.He's a Jadeson? Both of them? At that thought, the man's face turned ghastly.
Panic-stricken, he stared at the young fellow with a gun pointing at his head. 
Instantly, his arrogant attitude left him. 
"You...You guys..." 
"Spill! Mateo was getting rather impatient.The man was so terrified that he collapsed to the ground with a thud. 
"Our...our boss left the country a few days ago." 
"She's out of the country?" 
lan's expression changed. 
"Where did she go?" 
"I'm really...not sure.She made the decision abruptly.Please, Mr.Jadeson...I'm only a small fry.Boss won't tell me anything else." 
Now that the two boys had gained the upper hand, the man could only kowtow to them instead of fighting back. 
Darn it! So close yet so far. 
Anger was written all over Matteo's face. 
On the other hand, lan asked his assistant for his laptop and started clicking away. 
Surprisingly, he managed to find news about the Heard family online and discovered that they had departed for Yartran.
This is not good. 
Both the brothers’ expressions changed drastically.
###Chapter 1722
Chapter 1722
Back at Oceanic Estate. 
When Sebastian was about to call it a night, he received a text from his sons and frowned as he read the message. 
"What's wrong?" 
Sasha had already tucked herself in bed when she saw him remain rooted on the spot. 
Everyone's hearts were in their mouths that night, worrying about the two boys. 
Though they would soon be two fine adults, it was natural for their parents to feel anxious on the very first day they were to carry out a mission on their own. 
As soon as Sebastian got an update, Sasha immediately sat upright. 
A mixture of wonder and trepidation filled her mind when she saw him furrowing his brows. 
"Elizabeth is in Yartran," 
"Huh?" 
Sasha was shocked. 
"She's in Yartran? Why does she travel there? Could it be to kill Jason's..." 
Breaking out in a cold sweat, she was not able to finish her sentence. 
Instantly, Sebastian's expression turned grim.
Why is that woman in Yartran? Nothing good will come out of this for her to travel there at this juncture.He called Karl and instructed the latter to bring his men and rush over at once to protect the king. 
Unbeknownst to the couple, while they were sending their men to Yartran, something mysterious took place in Kurt's ward. 
A clat of worms appeared from nowhere and flew into his ward through the window. 
Within ten minutes, a strange gulping sound was heard coming from Kurt's throat. 
Lying on the bed, he needed at least another six months to be awakened. 
"Ahhh!" 
To everyone's disbelief, Kurt unexpectedly opened his eyes and sat as straight as a rod. 
The men from SteelFort who had been guarding the ward were utterly thunderstruck. 
They stared at the bizarre scene for a while. 
Five seconds later, Kurt fell to the bed again and started coughing severely. 
"Doctor! Doctor..." the guards cried upon snapping back into their senses. 
Moments later, the doctor dashed to the ward, and found an unconscious Kurt. 
After running a battery of tests on the patient, the doctor discovered that the dying organs in Kurt's body had regained almost fifty percent of their function. 
In addition, the doctor also heard a strong and steady heartbeat.
This is surreal! Am I hallucinating? The doctor was so stunned that he dropped his stethoscope on the floor. 
One hour later, Grayson arrived at the hospital alongside several renowned specialists for internal medicine. 
Upon hearing the strange case, all of them channeled their focus to analyze it thoroughly. 
At four in the morning, they received another astonishing news. 
The result of Kurt's sectioned cells came back, reporting a rebirth that was close to perfection. 
Rebirth was the only possible word to explain his condition because when Kurt was first admitted to the hospital, the medical officers concluded his case with a laconic reply, "waiting for a rebirth’. 
It was a rather vague yet trendy way to describe his state from a medical standpoint. 
The elderly specialists would not have spelled it out this way if they had not witnessed how his vitals were deteriorating to where his life was at stake. 
The whole dramatic change was like a withered tree dying away, only to be seen sprouting anew and eventually given a new life to grow healthy again. 
But this process of growth seems too fast. 
It has only been an hour, and his recovery has expedited exponentially! How could anyone not find this morbid or scary? Grayson stepped foot into Kurt's ward to personally check on the latter's condition. 
To his surprise, before he could stretch his hands to examine Kurt, the patient had already opened his eyes.
In that glaring room, Grayson could clearly see that a pair of eyes were staring at him intently, sending a shiver down his spine. 
"Kurt...Kurt, are you awake?" 
The men from SteelFort were present too. 
Seeing the miraculous scene, they called out to him in excitement, but received no response. 
Grayson was rendered speechless. 
The young man on the bed scanned the unfamiliar surroundings. 
Then he got up from the bed and sat upright. 
Suddenly, a sharp pang was felt in his chest.He curled his body up while clasping his chest with both hands.His entire body trembled violently. 
This is so weird. 
What on earth is going on? Even Grayson was scratching his head, puzzled at the turn of events. 
Someone had contacted Sebastian earlier, and the towering man stormed into the ward shortly after.
###Chapter 1723
Chapter 1723
"Mr.Hayes, you're finally here.Kurt..." 
A long silence ensued. 
After entering the ward, Sebastian's hawk eye had never left Kurt. 
This is definitely abnormal. 
No matter how incredible a human body is, its metabolism rate and ability to regrow new cells can never achieve full recovery within an hour.It’s a long process which needs at least six months. 
Sebastian's gaze was fixated on him.He could tell that Kurt also sensed danger in the air from the moment he entered the ward. 
Suddenly, the patient lifted his head, revealing a pale face which was covered with cold sweat.His eyes looked very ferocious, like a beast ready to devour its prey. 
A beast? A foreboding feeling crept into Sebastian's heart. 
Hiss! Just as he had suspected, two seconds later, Kurt leaped from his bed and pounced on Sebastian. 
His swift action left the SteelFort members gaping. 
"Are you out of your mind, Kurt? How dare you lay a finger on Mr.Hayes?" 
Upon realizing what had happened, they strode forward and blocked him. 
At that moment, Kurt had turned into a monster.
Seeing that the others were trying to hold him back, he quickly changed his move and struck the elites from SteelFort instead. 
Thump! In a split second, his one move sent them flying. 
Easily bested by Kurt, they knew he had now become second to Karl in his combat prowess. 
In fact, Karl was not his match at times. 
Sebastian's expression darkened.He took a step back and instructed two doctors to prepare to sedate Kurt. 
Then, he tossed a dumbfounded Grayson out of the ward. 
Thereafter, Kurt defeated another man from SteelFort. 
Soon, Sebastian became the last man standing in the room. 
"Mr.Hayes..." 
Ignoring his subordinate's warning, he stood rooted to the ground and watched Kurt close in on him. 
"Are you sure you want to kill me? What's in it for you if I die? Are you doing it for the adrenaline only? Or you're releasing your anger and hatred.I guess it's the latter, right?" 
He did it in a very casual way as if he was just chit-chatting with Kurt. 
Stopped in his tracks, the patient glared at Sebastian.His bloodshot eyes hinted at how much resentment he had in him. 
They strongly felt his malicious intention to tear the man in front of him into a million pieces.
But why is that so? There's no rivalry between us. 
Where does his hatred come from? It turned him into a totally different person, ready to release his wrath? What is actually going on? Sebastian sank into deep thought. 
Meanwhile, the nurse had gotten a dose of sedative ready outside the ward. 
An individual appeared behind the nurse and loaded it into a tranquilizer gun. 
Pftt! A soft sound was heard when he shot at the enraged Kurt. 
In just a moment, they saw Kurt wobbling, and he finally collapsed to the ground. 
"Oh my heart, what sorcery is this? There's actually something more effective than what I've invented? I do want to take a look at this stuff" 
Xayden snatched the tranquilizer gun away as he cussed and exited the ward. 
Sebastian and the other members from Steelfort just let him be. 
When everything settled down, it was already dawn. 
Upon researching, Xayden came up with a conclusion. 
"It's a type of worm that caused him to be like this.I can't brain this mystifying phenomenon." 
Fine, you might as well say nothing. 
Makes no difference anyway. 
Regardless, his words gave Sebastian a direction to investigate into. 
On the hand, Vivian also rushed to the hospital with Nina in the morning after she heard the news.
"Daddy, how...how is he?" 
"He's fine.Don't worry too much." 
Sebastian did not want her to overthink things, hence he gave her a superficial response. 
However, Nina could sense something was amiss even though he kept a tight lip about it.She looked through the glass panel and noticed three prominent black lines at the back of her brother's ears. 
Instantly, she trembled with fear and started crying uncontrollably. 
"Nina?" 
Sebastian realized that something was wrong. 
After what felt like an eternity of silence, Nina turned around and gazed at him with her tear-streaked face. 
"Is my brother dying?" 
"What are you talking about?" 
Sebastian's face fell. 
If a random person in the hospital had mentioned anything to him about Kurt's life and death, he would never listen to any of it, let alone take it with a pinch of salt. 
However, the person speaking to him right now came from the same place as Kurt. 
In fact, she was his blood kin.
With Nina asking such a terrifying question, Sebastian could no longer be at ease.He looked her in the eyes solemnly. 
"What makes you say that?" 
"My brother has been cursed, hasn't he? The witch said before that those who have been cursed will not live for long.It was the same to those who died in Black Marsh," she said while bawling her eyes out. 
She pointed two fingers are her unconscious brother. 
Sebastian said nothing further. 
In the end, he had also discovered the massive secret hidden behind Kurt's ears.
###Chapter 1724
Chapter 1724
He's cursed? A worldly-wise Sebastian had been through a lot and would never believe in anything unexplainable scientifically. 
To him, Elysium's worm still made sense for him, as it was explainable as a type of living thing manipulating human nerves and brain. 
But how's it possible that he’s cursed? It's preposterous indeed! Subsequently, he seemed to have fallen into a trance for ages. 
"Mr.Hayes?" Karl called out to him, breaking his reverie. 
"Head for Elysium now to bring me Roppell and the witch doctor as mentioned by her.There's something I need to ask them? he suddenly instructed sternly. 
Astounded, Karl raised his head to look at him as he asked tactfully, "Mr.Hayes, do you think...or perhaps, you suspect that Elysium has something to do with it?" 
"Yeah!" 
Sebastian nodded solemnly. 
A quick-witted Karl had a grasp of the situation and set off for Yorksland right away. 
Meanwhile, most of the visitors at the hospital had gradually left. 
Nonetheless, Vivian refused to leave, insisting on waiting outside the ward in anticipation. 
On the brink of tears, she pleaded with Sebastian piteously, "Daddy, please let me stay here.I'm sure he'll be able to recognize me after he regains consciousness later.I can assure you he won't go berserk
again!" 
No words could describe how tickled pink she was when she knew Kurt had regained consciousness while she was still in Oceanic Estate.She presumed it would take him quite a long time before coming to his senses. 
Thus, she was prepared to drop out of the school in Yartran temporarily to be by his side, waiting eagerly for him to regain consciousness. 
It never crossed her mind that he would suddenly come to his senses. 
Sebastian eventually relented and permitted Vivian to stay in the hospital. 
Nonetheless, she was only allowed to stay outside the ward. 
On top of that, there were two elite members of SteelFort standing guard to keep an eye on everything. 
Undeniably, Kurt was highly dangerous at the moment. 
Standing in front of the glass window of the ward, Vivian kept her eyes glued to the young man lying in bed. 
After what seemed like an eternity, the sun had risen high up in the sky. 
When the sunlight cascaded through the window left ajar into the ward, she eventually noticed the eyelashes of his tightly shut eyes start to flutter slightly. 
"Kurt!" 
Vivian yelled out at him excitedly; her heart leaped with joy.
He's awake! Ah! They weren't lying to me when trying to reassure me that he would wake up sooner or later! Fastening her gaze to Kurt, Vivian was over the moon. 
The latter finally opened his eyes gradually. 
Perplexed, he threw a glance at the ceiling above him.It was as though his mind was a complete blank, and he was trying to recall what had transpired. 
The morning sun was mesmerizing. 
It was like a layer of gilded veil illuminating the ward through the window, shrouding the young man lying on the bed with golden rays. 
The breathtaking view was beyond description. 
Vivian did not shift her eyes away from him all the while. 
At the sight of the youth lying motionless like a statue, she yelled apprehensively, "Kurt!" 
He finally turned in her direction as though he had heard her calling him. 
Vivian was at a loss for words when she caught sight of the familiar pair of eyes. 
Right that instant, her heart wrenched. 
Unable to stifle her inexplicit complex emotions, tears began trickling down her cheeks. 
Deep down, she kept calling his name. 
Kurt...
However, he seemed to be unperturbed by the hint of excitement amid sheer anticipation written all over her face. 
Looking at her intently, there was a glint of hostility amid sheer frigidness in his beautiful eyes. 
At that very moment, his eyes resembled the supermassive black hole with exceptionally strong gravitational force, sending a chill down her spine. 
Nonplussed, Vivian was utterly speechless. 
What's the matter with him? He can't recognize me again? Her mind went completely blank as she stared at him. 
Snippets of how he could not remember her while they were in Elysium earlier flashed across her mind.In a split second, intense fear crashed into her heart like a series of never-ending waves. 
Standing rooted to the ground, her face turned white as a sheet. 
By the time Karl led Roppell from Elysium to see Sebastian, it was already in the evening. 
Ever since the government of Yorksland had reclaimed Elysium, Roppell's crown was passed down to his eldest son. 
At the moment, the elder was in a dishevelment after losing an arm. 
If the others did not know his exact identity, they would surely mistake him for an old beggar. 
"Mr.Hayes, he's here." 
Leading Roppell, Karl advanced toward Sebastian.
The latter turned with an intimidating frostiness in his aura. 
In a blink of an eye, Roppell felt a shiver down his spine.He was about to drop to his knees in front of Sebastian as his legs gave way uncontrollably. 
It never occurred to anyone that the former king of Elysium, who used to have his nose in the air, would end up in such a pathetic state. 
At that moment, he could only kneel in front of Sebastian like a lowly small fry. 
Devoid of expression, Sebastian looked at how the witch doctor alongside Roppell was just in time to grab hold of the latter. 
Only then did he gesture to the housemaid of Oceanic Estate to pour him tea. 
"Don't worry.I don't intend to snatch your life.I assign my man to bring you here as I need to ask you something." 
He cut the crap. 
Petrified, Roppell stammered, "P-Please speak your mind."
###Chapter 1725
Chapter 1725
Shortly after, Sebastian signaled Karl alongside him to show Roppell a video clip and a picture. 
The video clip was taken earlier when Kurt went berserk in the hospital, and the picture revealed the three black lines behind his ear. 
"Did you see that? By right, your son’s supposed to take a long time before regaining consciousness.Unexpectedly, he was suddenly awake last night and seemed to have turned into a brutal annihilator.He charged at everyone relentlessly and was seemingly striking me with a fatal attack as if I were his mortal enemy.Thus, I wish to know what has gone wrong" 
Sebastian queried solemnly. 
"Huh?" 
The elder was thunderstruck. 
Hunching over humbly, he took the picture from Karl and started paying attention to the video clip. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian never shifted his gaze away from him. 
As expected, Roppell did not really react to how Kurt lost his control in the video. 
Nevertheless, there was a drastic change in his countenance when he saw caught sight of the picture. 
His pupils constricted; there was even a hint of unmissable irritation on his face as he fumed, "Da*n it! How could Yonas Morgan have the gut to put a curse on him!" 
He turned to shoot the witch doctor alongside him a glare with an instant glint of surging fury in his eyes.
Right that instant, it was as though he was still the ferocious king of Elysium with horrendous murderous intent. 
Yonas Morgan? Ha! He doesn't seem to have a grasp of the situation. 
But why is he getting all fired up all of a sudden? Who is Yonas Morgan? Sebastian squinted his eyes as he gazed at Roppell quizzically. 
Intimidated by Roppell's bellow of rage, the witch doctor refuted incoherently, "Huh? But I don't think Mr.Morgan is still able to do so.Isn't he being manipulated by that woman?" 
"Then tell me what's wrong with him! Only a high priest is able to put such a curse on someone.I don't even know the way, let alone the others! Can you explain to me what happened to him?" 
Roppell unleashed his wrath on the witch doctor, glowering menacingly at him. 
Sebastian suddenly had a clear insight into the situation. 
Hmm, evidently, he has nothing to do with Kurt's unfathomable condition. 
But why is he claiming that someone has put a curse on Kurt? He could not help holding his breath as he waited patiently for the duo to get a clue. 
Unexpectedly, the witch doctor startled them with overwhelming words. 
"Your Majesty, usually there are only two black veins on the new hosts if the high priests put a curse on anyone.After all, they can never transfer all the worm eggs in their bodies into the new hosts’.In other words, they won't put themselves on the line just to put a curse on anyone." 
"Do you mean to say that the two black lines are actually worm eggs?" 
Sebastian piped up, querying him apprehensively.
The witch doctor nodded at once and added, "Yeah! In Elysium, high priests usually force those who have committed felonies to swallow their worm eggs discreetly before they are sent to Black Marsh.It's a way of putting a curse on them" 
At the same time, he handed Sebastian the ancient manual, which he had been holding all the time. 
Ever since Elysium was reclaimed, they had slowly let go of worldly matters. 
The River of Styx, the Black Marsh, and even their former palace had become tourist spots. 
Thus, the witch doctor did not see any need for him to continue keeping the ancient manual with him. 
Sebastian took it from him and started flipping through it page by page. 
As time elapsed, the grimness on his face intensified, resembling a thunderstorm that would loom over them at any time. 
Ha! My gut instinct is proven right! The so-called curse doesn't exist in this world! So it's all because of the worms! Sebastian read out from the page, "But worms are of the higher range as they are cultivated by the high priests themselves.The black veins are actually the worm eggs produced by the worms in their bodies.As a punishment, the high priests usually force the criminals to swallow the worm eggs.Subsequently, two black veins will appear on their bodies.When a third black vein appears on a criminal's body, it implies even the King Worm is in the new host's body.If that is the case, the high priest will be dead too." 
So the priest's dead? Karl standing alongside Sebastian scratched his head. 
"What does it mean when it's mentioned that the high priest will be dead? Didn't that priest claimed to be manipulated meet his end on the alter?" he questioned the witch doctor. 
The latter shook his head hastily.
"That's not the case.If the high priest intends to transfer the King Worm in his body into someone's body, the new host must have the former's blood transfused into his body before.Furthermore, the King Worm can only be transferred into the new host's body if it is not repulsed by the condition of the latter's body." 
Karl was utterly speechless. 
What kind of theory is that? Everyone was flabbergasted. 
Even Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
"That's why none of the high priests in Elysium has done that before.Once the King Worms leave their bodies, they will be doomed.How will anyone do anything that will cost their lives?" 
Roppell broke the silence after cooling his head off. 
The witch doctor nodded and echoed, "That's right!" 
Nonetheless, Sebastian, who had been in silence, finally opened his mouth placidly. 
"Daphne is dead!" 
"Huh? What did you say?" 
Roppell turned hastily to look in Sebastian's direction. 
"Daphne? Is she still alive?" 
"She was alive earlier but is now dead.In actuality, she's the one bringing your son back this round.He actually thought of finishing her off right away when he spotted her in Yartran.However, she threatened
him with his mother and younger sister's lives.In the end, your son had no choice but to go back to Elysium with her’’ Karl explained on behalf of Sebastian. 
His words rang out like a bolt out of the blue for Roppell and the witch doctor, catching them off guard. 
Daphne? So she's the one? Dumbstruck, the witch doctor shuddered as he asked subconsciously, "So Daphne's the one putting a curse on Kurt?" 
"How could Daphne be the one? She's dead! How's it possible for a dead person to put a curse on Kurt?" 
Karl raised his voice in exasperation. 
Nevertheless, his heart thumped when Roppell turned pale and cast his eyes down. 
"How's it possible for the high priests to meet their end easily? Even though Daphne is dead, the King Worm cultivated for a few hundred years in her body will not be easily eradicated.In fact, it will live on with her life force and transform into a bug.Next, it will proceed to track down the person according to her strong will when she was still alive, fulfilling her wish" he uttered resignedly. 
Everyone's jaws dropped. 
It's incredible!
###Chapter 1726
Chapter 1726
Anyone in the high-tech society nowadays would hardly believe that a bug had such ultimate power. 
Needless to say, it was relatively unacceptable for Sebastian. 
Moments later, Xayden managed to make an analysis based on the blood extracted from Kurt's body. 
"It's actually a bacterial infection." 
"Bacteria?" 
Hearing that, everyone was stupefied.He nodded while displaying the wriggling black microorganisms visible under the microscope lens to everyone. 
"The worms of Elysium are actually a type of living thing that has already mutated.After staying dormant for a long period in the human body, they can indirectly cause the hosts’ body fluids to be contagious.Based on my observation of Kurt's blood sample, he could have been infected by Daphne long ago." 
Xayden pointed at some of the microorganisms that appeared to be tinier. 
Nonetheless, they were obviously the same as the black ones he showed them a while ago. 
He's infected long ago? In an instant, Vivian recalled something and chimed in, "Yeah! Kurt had first battled against Daphne at Jason's place.At that time, she summoned those snakes with her own blood.Somehow, Kurt managed to get rid of them with a Blood Arrow." 
"That's right.Daphne was able to summon the snakes with her blood as these microorganisms can lure them.On the other hand, Kurt was able to get rid of them because the venomous snakes are terrified of
his blood infected by the dormant worm in his body," Xayden explained analytically. 
Unequivocally, nothing in the world was unexplainable by science. 
For instance, others tended to be fooled and petrified of the worm, treating them like the deities they had reverence. 
Once the truth was unearthed, it would automatically become something relatively ordinary for the high- tech society. 
Roppell and the witch doctor were dumbstruck. 
On the contrary, Karl furrowed his brows and continued to voice his doubt. 
"If that's the case, how could such a large number of the bacteria from the worms in Daphne's body be found in Kurt's body instead? Not to mention, they'd even waken him up all of a sudden!" 
"There are two explanations for this question.First, the microorganism could still be alive even after Daphne was dead.In fact, it's a normal condition in the hospital.That's why whenever any patients infected by deadly infectious diseases pass away, we have to play safe by getting rid of their bodies with a unique method," Xayden explained. 
"Is it possible for the microorganisms to travel all the way here for Kurt? Don't you know it's thousands of miles apart?" Karl snorted. 
"What to doubt on that? Don't you realize how plaque spreads? We were not the only ones back from Elysium before this.Those from SteelFort were together with us too.Even Ms.Riley from the Coopers was with us at that time.Ah! She was back at the Cooper residence yesterday for a special occasion, wasn't she? Could it be she's back with the bacteria attached to her body?" 
Xayden analyzed further, sending them into a tizzy.
Astounded, everyone looked at each other in bafflement. 
Even so, when they came to their senses a while later, they had to admit that Xayden's words made sense. 
Isn't the plaque similar to the Ebola virus disease deemed one of the most horrifying infectious diseases in the world? If it starts to spread, won't it turn into a pandemic? 
"Head for the Cooper residence now to check if there is anything awry about Riley Cooper’ Sebastian instructed one of his subordinates. 
"Noted, Mr.Hayes," he replied respectfully and headed for the Cooper residence without hesitation. 
In the meantime, Karl continued to bombard Xayden with questions. 
"How about another possibility? What's that actually? Didn't you mention that Riley Cooper could be the carrier of the bacteria just now? If so, how's it possible that only Kurt is infected? How could the rest of us remain uninfected?" 
Da*n it! This man seems to have endless questions! Xayden scowled at him impatiently as he snapped, "Have you ever been infected by this type of bacteria before? Don't you know they will target those who have been gnawed by them first?" 
Karl was at a loss for words to refute him. 
"There's still another possibility.This type of bacteria could have started increasing drastically in his body.Do you get it now? Aren't you stupid?" 
Xayden blurted out, startling everyone at present.
My goodness! How could he have the cheek to sound so blunt to our boss! The other two members of SteelFort could only turn their heads to the other side in embarrassment. 
"Does it mean to say that he's infected? What will happen to him? Evidently, he's not his usual self now and can't even recognize anyone!" 
Paying no heed to Xayden's frustration, Sebastian cut to the chase. 
Irked by Xayden's words, there was an unmistakable hint of displeasure in his tone. 
Intimidated by his imposing aura, Xayden exercised restraint and rose to advance toward the microscope. 
"Based on my observation of his sectioned cells, it seems these bacteria did not really bring any harm to Kurt.In fact, those of his cells that were still recuperating previously suddenly have a speedy recovery." 
Sebastian queried desperately, "So, do you mean to say that..." 
"After all, the bacteria are still living organisms cultivated from the human body.I could only presume that Kurt's body is ideal as the cultivation base for this type of bacteria too.Didn't his mother give him the so-called King Worm when he was young?" 
Xayden cut him off as he scrutinized the sectioned cells with the microscope. 
Before Sebastian could utter any words, Roppell, who had been standing in silence behind him for a long time, raised his head abruptly.
###Chapter 1727
Chapter 1727
"His mother? You mean Ruby?" 
"Yes, Your Majesty," 
Karl sneered at the old man. 
"Didn't you know? Your son almost died in the hospital.His mother dug out her nest from her body and gave it to him.That was how he survived!" 
Roppell looked as if he had been slapped in the face. 
The veins in his neck bulged alarmingly. 
This is the difference between a sacrifice of a mother compared to a father's.I can't even remember the extent of having my hands stained with their blood throughout my entire life. 
And what of the poor woman? She has given her life up for her son. 
What right do I have to ask? Without another word, Roppell slinked away in embarrassment. 
After he left, the men sent to the Cooper residence returned with news. 
Xayden informed Sebastian that Riley had indeed arrived home ill and that her visit to the hospital the night before was confirmed. 
"Sounds like it's spreading" 
"It is, Mr.Hayes." 
Xayden heaved a sigh of relief after discovering the key to the matter.
"Then, what are we going to do about it?" Karl asked. 
"You say he is fine, but he doesn't remember us and he wants to kill Mr.Hayes.What's going on here?" 
"What's with all the hurrying?" Xayden replied irritably. 
"Can't you see that I'm working on it?" 
What happened to them over the past two years? Sebastian did not sleep well the night before. 
Having put the matter to bed, he was looking forward to going home for some well-deserved rest. 
Sebastian gazed at his daughter, who was standing outside the ward. 
"Come home with Daddy, Vivi." 
The girl shook her head unwillingly without taking her eyes off the inside of the ward. 
In the end, Sebastian had no choice but to instruct the hospital to prepare the room next to Kurt's for Vivian.He assigned two of his men to guard her before leaving. 
Bacterial infections? Even after he arrived home, he still felt that something had not been sorted out. 
Sebastian was awoken the following day in his bedroom in Oceanic Estate at the break of the day by an urgent ringing of his phone. 
"Bad news, Mr.Hayes.Kurt escaped!" 
Sebastian bolted upright from shock. 
"What did you say?" 
Escaped? How?
"Didn't you watch him?" he demanded sternly, shocked and angry at the news. 
His men on the other end of the line sounded very shaken. 
"We couldn't do anything to stop him, Mr.Hayes.For some reason, he became much more powerful than he was before.Even Mr.Frost was knocked out by him.That's not the worst part, Mr.Hayes." 
"What?" 
"Ms.Vivian followed him" 
Sebastian felt his whole world crashing down on him. 
The silly girl actually followed Kurt! After the young man woke up suddenly the night before, he had broken out of his ward and quickly subdued the two SteelFort members standing guard outside. 
Panicking at the sight, Vivian immediately called Karl. 
However, she had never expected Karl to fall by Kurt's hand almost as easily as the two men before him had. 
Kurt's combat abilities had drastically improved like an aspiring Kungfu master on television upon regaining consciousness to the extent that even Karl was no match for him. 
Fearing the possibility of him getting hurt in the altercation, Vivian rushed over without any regard for her own safety. 
"Stop hitting them, Kurt? she cried. 
"Don't you remember who you are? Remember me? Kurt?"
Vivian stood before him without fear of his snarling like a beast that had been thoroughly enraged. 
However, something strange happened just then. 
Despite mercilessly knocking Karl and the bodyguards out, Kurt stopped moving when he charged forward in front of her to her surprise. 
"Stand aside." he muttered through gritted teeth, though he did not lay a finger on her. 
Though Vivian burst into tears at the roughness of his voice, she stood her ground before him.To her immense relief, the young man did not lash out at her again. 
Rather, he turned on his heel and left. 
Where is he going? I will follow him wherever he goes. 
Vivian had a nasty shock when she finally realized that she had been led to a police station.It was in the dead of night when Kurt had already entered the building. 
In fact, he was already on the second floor without caring a da*n about anybody who might see him. 
What the hell? Vivian was shocked to the core. 
Gritting her teeth in resignation, she ran to the back of the compound and began building a crude flight of stairs with a few bricks to scale the wall. 
Darn! Breaking into the police station in the middle of the night is the most terrifying thing I've ever done in my entire life!
###Chapter 1728
Chapter 1728
Vivian jumped into the courtyard of the police station without making a noise. 
Looking up, she saw a faint light coming from a room on the second floor. 
Swallowing her fears, she climbed up in Kurt's wake and found herself in the coroner's office. 
A strong smell of formalin invaded Vivian's nostrils at her arrival. 
She was stunned to see the young man transfixed by a corpse that had undergone an autopsy. 
"Isn't that Jason?" 
Vivian's dark eyes widened as her tiny hands clapped to her mouth. 
How did he know that Jason's body would be here? Her pupils dilated in horror, and Vivian's head swam with more questions than answers since leaving the hospital. 
However, Kurt barely moved a muscle as he stood over the body. 
After staring at it quietly for five minutes, he gently touched its stone-cold face. 
Vivian was not sure if she had imagined detecting a trace of sadness in his gesture. 
A little later, Kurt returned the corpse to its locker before emerging again. 
"Kurt?" Vivian called tentatively. 
She did not hide from him. 
Instead, she craned her neck to look at him cautiously under the cold and dark night sky.
Instead of acknowledging her, Kurt merely stared into the pitch-black distance with a cold menace in his eyes. 
Without warning, he jumped out of the window. 
Vivian panicked. 
We're on the second floor! What about me? After stomping her feet in silent frustration, she climbed down the building clumsily crawling out from the place he had disappeared through seconds earlier. 
Vivian detected a sprinkle of white powder on the ground where she last saw him. 
"It's a good thing I thought ahead" she muttered with a triumphant smile. 
"I knew he wouldn't wait, so I tagged him with a handful of lime powder from the yard before I came up!" 
Following the trail of white powder under the faint moonlight, she dashed off in the direction he went. 
Vivian next caught sight of Kurt at a hotel in Jadeborough.It was one of the few places in the city where the lights were on at that hour. 
At that moment, screams of horror were coming from inside. 
"Murderer! Murderer!" 
Without hesitation and regard for her safety, Vivian ran in.The young man who suddenly turned into a maniacal killer was wielding a sharp dagger in his hand. 
Completely ignoring the guests, he stabbed one of the hotel's waiters as soon as the latter emerged.
Vivian must have blanked out for a moment because the next thing she remembered was the noise of police sirens blaring outside the hotel. 
She looked up and found the dagger in Kurt's hand pointed at the only clerk left at the front desk. 
"Did you enjoy committing murder?" he asked. 
"You!* the clerk cried, color draining from her cheeks. 
"None of you will make it out of here alive tonight.Just like how he didn't." 
Kurt drove the dagger into the clerk's chest until its point came out of her back. 
It was done in the same fashion and even at the exact spot of the bullet that had penetrated Jason's bulletproof vest. 
"How did you know where we are?" the clerk asked with a horrible gurgling sound as her mouth filled up with blood. 
A ghostly smile appeared on the corner of the boy's lips. 
Behind his ears, three black veins became conspicuous, resembling his pupils’ blackness at that moment. 
Vivian was rooted to the spot in fear. 
"Kurt..." 
By the time the police stormed into the building, the two had disappeared again. 
Vivian spent the night traveling around the city, watching the rampage in Kurt's reckless wake like a fettered demon being unleashed at last.
Ultimately, she could not hold on anymore for fear of being targeted as his next victim. 
Nevertheless, he did not turn his weapon on her. 
After slaughtering the entire staff of a supermarket, he threw aside the dagger in his hand that was so slippery from all the blood that he could not even hold it. 
The weapon fell to the ground with a discordant clang. 
Vivian gazed at him numbly. 
"I'm done” he finally said. 
"Are you still going to watch me?" 
She stood there for what seemed like an eternity watching the boy approach her, bringing the stench of iron and death along with him. 
"You're not killing them at random, are you?" 
"Random?" 
"They're the bad guys, aren't they?" Vivian asked softly with tears in her eyes. 
"Who am I speaking to right now? Is it Kurt or Daphne?" 
Kurt would never kill so many people at once. 
Also, it was impossible for Kurt to recognize Lucy's henchmen or where they hid when even her father had not managed to unearth anything. 
How did he know upon waking up? Vivian stared at the young man intently.
The question she asked managed to draw his attention. 
Kurt slowly turned his cold and familiar eyes up at her with such fierce intensity that it felt as sharp as his dagger. 
"Daphne? Who is Daphne? I only know that I should execute these people." 
There was a murderous glint in his eyes as he spoke. 
Suddenly, Vivian remembered a biologist's report she had seen long ago.The report mentioned the possibility of some viruses having certain memory. 
Upon invasion of the human body, it would eventually take over its host if the infected victim's immune system could not expel it in time. 
Kurt isn't himself.He's ill from the virus.
###Chapter 1729
Chapter 1729
Vivian followed Kurt when he decided to move again. 
Upon his arrival at the location of the tragedy, Sebastian was horrified to see the number of stretchers bearing the bodies being brought out by the police. 
"We have confirmed that all of the deceased have the mark, Mr.Hayes." 
At his employer's approach, Karl immediately stopped the two police officers carrying the corpse and lifted the white cloth to reveal a small tattoo on the back of the corpse's neck. 
Sebastian leaned in for a closer look.It was the shape of a small blue flame. 
Hidden at the back of the neck, it would have been easy to miss. 
"So, that's all of them?" 
"Yes, sir’ Karl reported assertively. 
"One more thing.The marks only appear after they die." 
At the same time, he gestured for one of his men to bring over a stretcher that bore a woman who was on her dying breaths. 
Karl tore her collar off to reveal nothing behind her neck. 
Sebastian was speechless with astonishment. 
That old viper! He finally understood how they had been able to remain hidden from his relentless search for so many years.
Sebastian found himself wondering how Kurt had accomplished that feat. 
As he was still reeling in shock, another piece of news came. 
"Kurt's whereabouts have been discovered, Mr.Hayes.He and Ms.Vivian boarded a plane to Yartran together." 
Sebastian froze in shock. 
"What did you say?" 
Yartran was at that moment a place of high political volatility, with Elizabeth seeking refuge there and the king's rage upon learning that his son had died abroad. 
Moreover, the twins are there right now. 
Sebastian's expression grew graver than ever. 
Meanwhile, Kurt had landed in Yartran with Vivian stubbornly by his side.It had been a long plane ride for her as she had not slept a wink nor had a drop of water to drink, but she did not dare relax. 
Wherever the boy went, she would follow doggedly behind him. 
Fortunately, Kurt did not drive Vivian away despite ignoring her. 
Upon exiting the airport entrance, she saw him hail a cab. 
Gritting her teeth once more in consternation, she dashed over and seated herself in the passenger seat to the astonishment of both the driver and the passenger at the back. 
After a few seconds of dead silence, Kurt decided to gloss over her appearance.
"To Exerine Palace!" he instructed coldly. 
Exerine Palace? At the mention of their destination, Vivian could not contain another start of surprise as she remembered that it was where Adalyn had taken her to the prince's birthday party. 
The Exerine Palace is commonly used to hold banquets. 
Why is he going there? Despite her confusion, Vivian did not dare make a sound before she suddenly recalled a friend she had in the country. 
Immediately, she reached for her phone. 
Vivian: "Sonia, do you know what's going on at Exerine Palace?" 
Sonia: "Huh?" 
Sonia was pleasantly surprised to receive a message from her friend who she had not heard from in a long time. 
She replied: "Hey, Vivi, it's been a while.As far as I know, there's nothing going on at Exerine Palace.Why do you ask? Are you in Yartran?" 
Vivian sent a noncommittal reply before putting away her phone, her brow knitted from being deep in thought. 
If there's nothing at Exerine Palace, why would Kurt go there? Isn't it an ancient fortress only used by the royal family to entertain in the present day? Vivian's head was buzzing when her phone vibrated again. 
It was a text message from her father.
Sebastian: "Where are you, Vivi? Reply me at once!" 
With a start, Vivian recalled that her phone had been turned off since she boarded the plane. 
In her urgency to contact Sonia, she had turned it on again without considering that she had been unreachable throughout her flight. 
Feeling guilty for causing him worry, Vivian hastened to reply to his text. 
She wrote: "We have just landed in Yartran, Daddy." 
Sebastian: "Where exactly?" 
As Vivian was the weakest out of his three children, Sebastian was at that moment wrought with anxiousness at the thought of her traveling abroad without him or Sasha being there with her as they have done over the years. 
Without his protection, Sebastian shuddered to imagine the malice waiting for his innocent daughter.He had half a mind to book himself a ticket and fly to her himself. 
Vivian: "We're in a cab now, Daddy.Kurt is going to Exerine Palace.I don't know what he is going to do" 
Sebastian: "Exerine Palace? What is he going to do there?" 
Like his daughter, Kurt's next destination surprised him.His handsome face was very puzzled under the fading light of dusk. 
"Did he find something again?" Sasha asked anxiously. 
"Didn't you say that Kurt had killed the remaining men that Eddie's son had hidden all over Jadeborough last night? Are there more of them in Exerine Palace?"
Being an intelligent woman, Sasha quickly pieced together all the information she had heard.It is indeed possible. 
But for what motive? Could a new Elysium be contained in the old castle under the nose of the royal family?
###Chapter 1730
Chapter 1730
Isn't this outrageous? His forehead throbbed violently, making him look more sinister. 
As a matter of fact, he had guessed it wrong this time. 
Although Eddie was devious, he would not dare to establish his own base right under the nose of the Yartran royal family. 
Following Kurt, Vivian sneaked into the old castle garden.She watched him going straight into the basement in the garden to retrieve a dusty iron box from an abandoned fireplace. 
Then, he opened it and took out a map in front of her. 
Vivian was speechless.She was so stunned that she just gaped and stared at him, wide-eyed. 
"Kurt, you..." 
"Have you contacted your dad? If you want to live, quickly ask him to come and fetch you.I don't want to repeat myself" 
Unexpectedly, after studying the map, his expression turned cold and he kept the map.Then, he spoke in an icy tone. 
Vivian clenched her delicate hands and bit her lips.She bent her head and determinedly stood motionless before him. 
However, this time, she was taken by surprise. 
After he had finished speaking, he took out a box of firearms which he knew was hidden there.He selected two of the most lethal and handy ones.
Then, he just turned around and headed out. 
Immediately, Vivian followed suit. 
Bang! He turned around and fired a shot! Vivian was so frightened that she screamed and ran, covering her ears.She trembled all over and huddled in a corner for a long time, not daring to stand up. 
"Kurt, you..." 
Ashen-faced, she looked at him with fearful eyes filled with tears. 
However, Kurt was completely indifferent. 
When he saw that she had finally stopped following him, he sneered and walked away, closing the basement door with a "snap." 
"Kurt! Kurt!" 
Vivian was so anxious that she shouted again from the inside. 
Not caring that her legs were still weak, she ran towards the door and banged hard on it.She realized what he was going to do. 
The map and weapons... 
Certainly, he had never been here before, but he seemed to know the place so well. 
This could only mean one thing. 
The black creatures in his body had brought him here. 
Those things must have been left behind by Daphne.
Daphne had lived in the Yartran King's royal residence for many years, so she must have been to Exerine Palace often. 
Hence, those must be her belongings. 
What is he going to do with those things? When Vivian recalled the bloodlust that flashed in his eyes when he obtained those weapons just now, she was even more worried and anxious. 
"Kurt, let me out, please, Kurt..." 
There was only silence outside. 
Nobody responded to her calls for help. 
After Kurt left, there was dead silence outside the basement. 
From the far end of the basement, there were only the echoes of her shouts. 
Indeed, this castle was deserted all the time, except when there was some party or function. 
Usually, there was no one here. 
She was soon out of breath. 
Oh, yes! I can still contact Daddy! Her eyes lit up immediately when she suddenly remember that and she took out her smartphone. 
To her disappointment, when she took it out, there was no signal at all. 
In this basement, there was not even a trace of the mobile service provider. 
Vivian was utterly exasperated.
There was nothing she could do but keep her phone back in her pocket and search for a way out of the basement. 
In the end, she really discovered a small door. 
Squeak... 
When the small dusty iron door was pulled open, she felt an extremely cold wind blowing in her face. 
The wind, with a very unpleasant rotten smell, made her feel a little nauseous. 
Where will this lead to? Vivian hesitated for a while, and then she stepped into it... 
At that moment, outside the basement, Kurt had come out bringing the firearms. 
Soon, he disappeared into the dark, cold and windy night. 
What was he going to do? Naturally, to kill again! Later, Sebastian examined all the dead bodies that had been killed by Kurt.It could be explained by science that this young man was infected by bacteria. 
However, there was something that science could not explain.He was getting revenge for someone and that person was Daphne! Daphne's death was quite abrupt. 
She was the former high priestess of Elysium who had worked together with Eddie back then. 
In the end, when she returned to Elysium, she was killed by Lucy. 
Was she resentful? Of course, she was. 
Just because of a microchip implanted inside a young girl, the importance of her position was being taken over and overshadowed.
On top of that, the death of her son was the reason her hatred became deeper. 
So, that was the reason why, after being infected, Kurt killed all the remaining members of the Limmer family living in hiding in Jadeborough.
###Chapter 1731
Chapter 1731
Now that he had arrived in Yartran, it should be the start of the second massacre, and this time, it might be larger and more terrifying than the one in Jadeborough. 
Before boarding the plane, Sebastian called his two sons who had already arrived in Yartran and learned that there was a massacre in the local black market. 
"Daddy, there are at least a few thousand people in that black market, but as soon as lan and I got here, we heard the news that the entire black market was razed to the ground!" 
On the phone, Matteo spoke with shock, anger, and fury. 
This little scoundrel was even better than him.It took him and his brother two hours to destroy the casino. 
This guy only took less than half an hour to wipe the place clean. 
It was all done! Matteo was so upset he fiercely took a bite off an apple. 
When Sebastian heard that, immediately his expression became solemn. 
"How about now? Where is he?" 
"I don't know, and we can't follow him.He's like a ghost, and we don't know where he's going next? If he commits a massacre here, it will be troublesome when it comes to international disputes since it is out of the country." 
Again, Matteo spoke angrily. 
Sebastian was silent for a moment.Finally, he said coldly.
"lan, I will send you a password later.Try to track it" 
"Okay?” lan replied. 
lan, who had been silent all this while, turned on his computer after replying to his father. 
A few minutes later, he received a string of numbers on his computer and clicked on it, thinking that it was some advanced tracking system. 
Unexpectedly, the screen suddenly went black and the sound of what seemed to be Sebastian's breathing was heard. 
"$104, give a response!" 
A deep voice, with a commanding tone came out clearly from the computer. 
Matteo was so taken aback that he stopped biting his apple. 
lan, too, was stunned for a moment.Is this...Daddy's voice? It was at this moment, that movement could be seen on the black screen. 
This was followed by loud noises and after a while, there were gunshots and screams. 
Bang! 
"Who are you? How did you find us? Ahh-" 
There was a shrill scream and the terror over there could be felt across the screen.The twins were petrified.When Sebastian heard it, immediately he ordered, "lan, track this frequency and find his location" 
"Yes!"
Only then did lan come to his senses.Quickly, he took his notebook and ran the tracking app.It turned out that, in order to find the boy who had become crazed, Sebastian had used the special tracking device of the Jadesons, which was directly implanted into the brain. 
And these tracking devices, other than Jonathan, Devin and himself, there was only planted on the boy they saved years ago.lan quickly locked on to the target.It was the most ordinary local residential building. 
The twins went there quickly. 
However, they were still too late.When they finally arrived at the residential building, they saw blood everywhere, and there were corpses in the corridors.The Limmer family had planned their disappearance so well. 
Everyone in the family was disguised as the lowest-ranking ordinary folk in society. 
They blended in as hotel staff and ordinary residents in the country so that no one would know. 
When lan and Matteo arrived and saw blue flame marks on the corpses in turn, apart from their anger, they were only shocked that the young man could find his targets and see through their disguises so accurately. 
Is he possessed by an evil spirit? Is it the spirit of that woman named Daphne? Matteo came over and sighed when he saw the red-eyed boy shoot down the last person. 
"You have killed so many, one after another.Don't you feel tired?" 
Silence was the reply he got. 
"What I mean is, where else do you need to go to kill? Say it and share with us so we can go together to finish them off"
Matteo explained because he was embarrassed by the cold piercing stare from Kurt's bloodshot eyes Of course, he was not going to kill anyone.He only wanted to find them and hand them over to his father, Sebastian to handle them. 
Killing so many people was really awful. 
It was clear that Kurt was infected by the black bacteria, and his bloodthirsty appearance was very similar to his original master, who would kill right up to the very last one.He kept the guns and was about to leave. 
Matteo was speechless. 
"Kurt, where is Vivi?" 
lan suddenly asked about his sister. 
At the question, Kurt who was covered in blood and about to leave, paused suddenly. 
"Did you leave her behind? Kurt, let me tell you, she is Sebastian's daughter.If the Limmer family finds her, she will be in great danger!" 
lan was very smart. 
When he saw Kurt's reaction, immediately he realized that something was wrong, and he changed his tone of voice to a stern note. 
Kurt's gaze was thoughtful for a moment. 
However, he remained silent. 
At the same time, Matteo took out his smartphone and called Vivian.
"Hello, the number you dialed is temporarily unavailable." 
"Darn!" 
Matteo lost his temper! At the same time, while he was standing with his back to them, something was slowly pouring out of Kurt's chest uncontrollably, and it gradually covered the destructive murderous aura on his body. 
Vivi…
###Chapter 1732
Chapter 1732
At this moment in time, Vivian's whereabouts were unknown. 
After she went through the small door, she had been walking forward relying on the light of her mobile phone.She walked for half an hour without reaching the end. 
However, the power of her mobile phone was almost empty. 
"I should stop using the torchlight, or else the power would be used up and Daddy or Kurt wouldn't be able to contact me" 
She thought that her sight had already adapted to the secret passage anyway, so she turned off the flashlight, and continued to move forward. 
Fortunately, this time, after about twenty minutes, she seemed to see some light in front of her, and that little light, in this closed secret passage where she could not see her own fingers stretched out in front of her, was like a life-saver.She ran forward joyfully. 
Sure enough, when she reached the spot, the light became bigger and brighter. 
When she finally got to it, she saw that it came through another small door at the end of the tunnel. 
Am I outside yet? When she saw where she was, she nearly stamped her foot in disappointment. 
She had thought that she was already outside Exerine Palace. 
It slipped her mind that she had been walking in this secret passage for an entire hour and that the time to get to the gate of the Exerine Palace was much shorter? Vivian pushed open the door. 
Hiss...
As soon as the door was opened, only a creepy hissing sound of some kind of creature was heard. 
Vivian stood there, stunned to see a huge pit in front of her. 
The pit was packed with poisonous snakes! Hiss... 
The snakes hissed again. 
Ah...ah...! Vivian paralyzed on the spot. 
She had never seen so many snakes before, and she was so distraught watching this terrifying scene that her knees buckled and she slipped to the ground with her head covered in her arms. 
This is horrifying. 
How can there be so many snakes in one place? She sat there, went limp with fear, and was unable to get up on her feet. 
Unfortunately, at this moment, the poisonous snakes in the pit discovered her presence, and soon, after another terrifying round of hissing inside, they started to climb out. 
Vivian was too scared to make a sound.She was shaking violently, desperately trying to escape, and trying to close the door again. 
However, not only her feet refused to move, but her body too. 
Fear overwhelmed her whole body that it would not obey the signals from her brain to move at all. 
Vivian was desperate. 
At the critical moment, in the secret passage behind her, a "boom" was heard, and a blood arrow with its dazzling red light flew through the air.
In just a moment! The poisonous snakes that were climbing up seemed to have seen something very frightening, and they shrunk back into the pit obediently. 
Vivian was so terrified that her tears fell like rain, and she was dumbfounded by this scene.Her head buzzed. 
Blood Arrow? Boom! After the Blood Arrow, a bullet flew through the tunnel. 
It shattered a torch that was hanging on the wall in the secret room.It seemed to be made of an unknown material. 
After a burst of sparks, the torch was not extinguished. 
Instead, it fell off, and in a blink of an eye, it was in the snake pit. 
Hiss... 
Immediately, these poisonous snakes started twisting crazily inside for a while. 
Then, a more terrifying scene happened.The snakes wrapped themselves around each other, opened their bloody mouths and hissed maniacally at each other... 
Finally, Vivian could take it no more.Her head tilted and she sank limply towards the floor. 
However, a vigorous figure swept into the cave and caught hold of her. 
Vivian was silent.She felt as if she was in a dream. 
When Vivian was young, her friend Sunny once asked her why she always relied on that guy who was younger than her and why she liked to look for him whenever she had a need.
At that time, Vivian had no explanation. 
Now, as she was held in his arms again, she finally understood.It turned out that it was a sense of security. 
This young man, although he was two years younger than her, had an aura about him that made her feel at ease, even though he always appeared cold and distant. 
As long as he was around, Vivian would feel safe and that everything would be all right. 
She opened her frightened eyes, and on seeing him clearly, a huge burden rolled off her chest finally... 
"Boohoo..." 
She hugged his neck tightly and wailed aloud. 
This was her usual behavior with him. 
Whenever she was wrongfully treated, bullied, or angry, she would cry on his shoulder.She had never needed to put on a false front in his presence.She was totally free to be herself like with a soulmate. 
However, Kurt froze! He had wanted to continue killing the snakes but after she hugged him, something seemed to come back to his mind and he stopped moving. 
Something churned in his bloodshot eyes.It was a familiar feeling. 
Even though her crying had messed up her appearance, she still looked delicate and soft, with a sweet fragrance like nectar. 
However, he experienced the ecstasy that was more pleasurable than killing.
###Chapter 1733
Chapter 1733
How did things turn out this way? He gulped and slowly put the gun down. 
"Get down!" 
"No! I don't want to! What took you so long? Take a look at this scary place.There are snakes everywhere.Aren't you worried about me? What happens if they bite me, and I die? Boohoo..." 
She burst into tears once again. 
This time around, she got so upset that she grabbed his collar and used it to wipe her face.Kurt was at a loss for words. 
Finally, her intense emotions hit him hard, and he quivered. 
The ferocious murderous intent in his eyes began to calm down a little. 
Vivian said, "You didn't use to be like this.In the past, you would get very worried even if I got a minor cut from peeling fruits.Now that I have been bitten by snakes, you still chase me away." 
"What did you say? You got bitten?" 
Her cries were being abruptly interrupted. 
Kurt hugged her, and he did not even realize that his expression had changed. 
Instead, he looked at her legs. 
Vivian was dumbfounded. 
In truth, she had no idea if she was really bitten by the snakes.
However, the moment she could sense his concern for her, she raised up her legs immediately. 
Anyway, there were several cuts and scrapes on her legs. 
Even if they were not snake bites, he would still be heartbroken if he really cared about her. 
Unfortunately, she did not expect to see Kurt's expression change when he laid eyes on her right leg. 
In an instant, a shocked look appeared in his eyes. 
Vivian was wondering what was going on.She turned to look in the same direction. 
True enough, there were two bite marks. 
A few minutes later, Vivian stopped making a fuss and watched in silence as Kurt put her down to attend to her bite marks.He took out a knife and cut open the bite wounds. 
Psshh! Rightfully, it must be very painful when the knife sliced the flesh open. 
However, it was only then Vivian realized that she did not feel any sensation. 
Afterward, she saw Kurt extracting the thick, black blood out of her wound. 
Toward the end, he even bent down and sucked out the remnants. 
"No!" 
Finally, there were some reactions from her, and she reached out to stop him. 
Kurt looked up at her. 
At that moment, Vivian was behaving differently from her usual self.
There was no crying or even a tiny hint of fear. 
Instead, she just kept her eyes on him. 
"The venom will get into you too.Don't do that.Just get me out of here" 
All of a sudden, his mind went blank. 
The various emotions surfaced and hit him like a tsunami.He realized that his hands were trembling slightly. 
"I won't let you die!" 
His mouth quivered. 
After saying that, he continued with the extraction of the venom.Vivian was speechless. 
In the end, Vivian still failed to stop him. 
However, when he carried her out of there, Vivian could feel that she was losing her consciousness. 
"Vivi." 
Someone seemed to be calling her. 
Therefore, she leaned on him and struggled to open her blurry eyes. 
"Yes..." 
"Don't fall asleep.We will get out of here very soon.Your brothers are all waiting for you outside, and your daddy is here too.Hold on.Get it?"
The man, who was carrying her, kept talking to her so that she would not fall into unconsciousness. 
In his speech, he mentioned a lot of people like her brothers and her daddy... 
That was a sign of his revival. 
However, before she could see her brothers and her daddy, she passed out as Kurt was carrying her out of the place. 
"Vivil" 
In that instant, Kurt, who was running like a crazy man, paused as if he had been stabbed by something. 
Fear engulfed him. 
Now, he remembered. 
Back then, she was stabbed in the chest by that woman right in front of his eyes.She was smiling brightly at him. 
However, the chain resembled the snake who took the life out of her. 
There was nothing he could do but watch as she drifted away. 
"No, this is all my fault.I shouldn't have forgotten about you.I made you wait for me, but I can't even remember you.This is all my fault.Vivi, I'm so sorry.Please forgive me?" 
Gradually, he released his grip on her. 
Finally, the girl with the purplish lips was lying quietly in his arms.She was no longer clinging on to him or pestering him anymore.She was finally the obedient girl that he wanted.
Kneeling on the ground, Kurt held her tightly in his arms. 
The pain in his heart had reached such a climax that it felt like it was being torn apart. 
Why? By the time Matteo and lan got there, that was what they saw. 
Their sister was no longer in pain and lying quietly in the arms of her beloved Kurt. 
Despair permeated the air so much that it made one feel like destroying the whole world.
###Chapter 1734
Chapter 1734
That was exactly what Matteo did.He rushed in and blew up the entire underground space that Daphne had built back then. 
After that, he followed the secret passage until he arrived at the royal residence and caught both Elizabeth and Colton by surprise. 
That was the final truth.It was also the best move in Eddie's entire plan! Colton was the only male heir of Jared Jadesons at the Ataraxy.He was already discovered in the same year when Isaac died. 
However, he was not Jared's biological son. 
After Janice passed away, the truth of Isaac's identity came to light.He turned out to be the son of Alfred and Felicity. 
Eddie pulled a switcheroo, and that was how Isaac ended up in the Sheerwood family. 
When Isaac was born, Alfred was thrilled to have a son, but he was also afraid that the Heard family might find out. 
Therefore, during Felicity's confinement period, he took the child away and gave his son to Jared's wife who had also just given birth. 
Unfortunately, shortly after he sent his son there, Eddie switched the boy and took to the Sheerwood family. 
Thereafter, Eddie sent his own son to the Jadesons.
Sadly, Jared's real son had been killed by Eddie a long time ago.So, he turned out to be the heir of that b*stard! Seeing the true color of that person, Matteo started trembling in anger. 
If his daddy did not need him for questioning, Matteo would have beaten him to a pulp right there and then. 
"You are the son of that old b*stard, Eddie? The Jadesons have taken care of you for so many years, and you turned out to be such a vicious person!" Matteo yelled. 
Colton stood up and smiled softly at him as usual. 
"Matteo, there are many things in life that are out of our control." 
"What are you talking about?" 
"Nothing.I just want to let you know that I have been very happy during the past few decades that I have spent with the Jadesons.Back then, I wasn't interested in fighting for anything.I would rather lead a normal and honest life with my wife and children.I wanted to live like a normal person" 
Matteo was speechless.He was filled with so much anger. 
At the same time, he recalled the scene at Oceanic Estate. 
Every time when Colton saw them, he would give them sweets. 
Back then, Colton was the youngest in the second generation of the Jadesons, and he was not much older than Sebastian. 
As for his two children, their ages were close to that of Matteo and his siblings.That was why he liked her very much. 
At the thought of that, Matteo was not as enraged as before.
When Colton saw that, he took out a bottle. 
"Take this and save your sister.It's the antidote for the snake venom.Don't worry.I will be here" 
Matteo clenched his fists so hard that they made a cracking sound. 
In the end, he still took the antidote over and rushed back to Vivian. 
Half an hour later after taking the antidote, Vivian did not look as pale as before. 
When Kurt saw that, he perked up too. 
"Vivi?” he called out softly. 
There was no movement from her, but her breathing had stabilized. 
When everyone saw that, they heaved sighs of relief. 
Just as Matteo and lan were about to go to the basement of the king, one of the SteelFort's members wriggled his way out of the secret passageway. 
"Bad news! Mr.Matteo, Colton has been killed by Elizabeth!" 
"What did you say?" 
Matteo's expression changed drastically. 
"I thought all of you were guarding him? How did he get killed by that woman?" 
"Mr.Matteo, there's a trap in the secret room.Elizabeth activated it when she wanted to take him and escape.But, Colton refused.By the time we dodged the trap, she has already killed him"
There was blood on the face of that member and also a wound that was at least ten centimeters long on his shoulder. 
What an evil b*tch! Both lan and Matteo finally understood and rushed into the secret passageway immediately. 
After they left, they did not realize that Kurt, who had calmed down considerably, opened his eyes in shock when he heard the news. 
His murderous intent appeared once again! Ten minutes later when Matteo and his brother arrived at the secret room, they saw Colton lying on the ground with a very sharp needle right in his heart. 
"I'll go after her!" 
Matteo was so mad that his eyes had turned bloodshot.He was about to take his men and rushed into the secret passageway. 
Just then, Colton, who had yet to die, called out to him weakly. 
"Matteo, you go...to the Cinnabar Harbor.She...she will escape from there..." 
"lan, give this to your daddy.These are what's left of the Limmer family including those students at the training base.lan, I know Duncan's death has upset you very much.But, please don't blame yourself.I'm the one who did it.It has nothing to do with you.Understand?" 
Before he passed on, he did not forget to resolve the enormous load of guilt in lan.lan stood there rooted for a long time.He loomed over Colton for ages and said nothing. 
Suddenly, Colton took out a family photo with trembling hands.
As his eyes fell on the two children who were standing at the entrance of a famous institute, a smile finally appeared on his face. 
Moments later, his hands gradually lowered to the ground. 
Nobody liked the darkness, especially those who had always been living under the bright sunshine.
###Chapter 1735
Chapter 1735
When Matteo finally arrived at Cinnabar Harbor with his men, he realized that someone was already there ahead of him. 
At that moment, that person held a thin yet sharp weapon of blood- red color in his hand, slaying everyone ruthlessly. 
Spurt! A jet of crimson blood spurted out. 
At once, another person fell prey to the man’s sharp weapon and collapsed to the ground. 
That scene was exactly the same as when he charged toward everyone at Elysium's altar back then. 
Upon seeing that, Elizabeth, who was retreating toward the port under the protection of her other men, immediately pointed at Kurt and shrieked, "Kill him! Finish him off" 
In other words, she ordered the men around her to lift their guns and kill Kurt right away. 
Consequently, Matteo saw a man beside her whipping out a submachine gun he had never seen before. 
Oh yes, wasn't that old coot, Eddie, fond of doing research on such things before he died? His eyes promptly went cold. 
Raising the sniper rifle in his hand, he likewise pulled the trigger. 
Bang! With a single shot, that man instantly dropped dead. 
At that, Elizabeth's face abruptly drained of all color.She immediately swung her gaze in the direction of the gunshot.
Unfortunately, all that entered her line of vision was the sight of another bullet whizzing toward her. 
Bang! Bang! Bang! Gunshots rang out successively, making it unquestionable that the shooter must be mowing everyone down like a gust of wind blowing fallen leaves away. 
In no time, everyone at the harbor met their end at Matteo's rifle, leaving the old lady the sole survivor. 
That included the situation on Kurt's side. 
After he had also eliminated the last person, he put away the Blood Arrow in his hand gracefully. 
Following that, the battle drew to an end for real. 
That old hag was the only person who remained. 
When Sebastian arrived, the three teenagers had already crippled Elizabeth's hands and had her kneel there while waiting for their father. 
"It's turned out that you were the culprit, Elizabeth Heard!" 
"Yup, it was me indeed! Did you not miscalculate as well, Yariel? It never crossed your mind that I was the person behind everything, huh?" 
Surprisingly, Elizabeth felt superior when she saw the man who ruined the White family back then and destroyed her lover, Eddie, in a single fell swoop.She thought that she was the last person standing, far better than Alfred and Eddie. 
But no sooner had her words fallen than the man standing before her drawled with his eyes pinned on her, "Indeed, it never crossed my mind. 
However, it wasn't for any other reason than the fact that I never expected the Heard family to be so kinky."
"What did you just say? Who's kinky?" 
The instant Elizabeth heard that, she instantly flew into a rage as though she had been stung. 
"Is that not the truth? Eddie suffered from dwarfism.Although he later had prosthetics legs, it was still relatively difficult if a woman wanted to have children with him." 
"How dare you?" 
It was as though Elizabeth had been smacked hard across the face out of the blue, for her entire face turned bright red. 
Meanwhile, the three teenagers across from them were at a loss upon hearing that. 
What's Daddy talking about here? Why don't we understand a single word? Clearly, they were all good and innocent children. 
Needless to say, Sebastian wouldn't put things so bluntly either. 
According to the diary Eddie left, he was an exceedingly depraved man.He had a physical defect, yet he craved women. 
Therefore, one could only imagine how wretched he was. 
However, the Heard family arranged for their daughter to serve him at that time. 
No one knew what happened then, but judging from the current situation, Elizabeth even wanted to make a comeback for him. 
Hence, her experience then must have been pretty great, more so than that with her legal husband, Alfred.
All that was sufficient to prove his point. 
"Fine.Since you want to put it in such a manner, I admit that I indeed made a mistake this time.But it never occurred to you either that you'd die at the hands of your own son in the end, no?" said Sebastian. 
"He was nothing more than a piece of trash!" 
Elizabeth was so resentful that her expression contorted in fury, and she gritted her teeth hard.She was Colton's mother, but at the mention of the man right then, she seemingly detested him so much that she wished he would never be reincarnated even after his death. 
When lan heard that, he grew so livid that he stepped forward and slapped her. 
"You're the piece of trash! Can you compare with him? Do you think you can still make something of yourself after Eddie's death by leading those small fries? Let me tell you that anyone with half a brain should do as he did.Surviving takes precedence over everything else!" 
He enunciated every single word as he tore into her.He had always been indifferent, but for the first time ever, he blew up in front of that despicable woman.He was incandescent for no other reason than the final remark Colton said to him. 
The man asserted that Duncan's death had nothing to do with lan. 
Instead, it was all his doing. 
One might wonder whether Colton was dumb to the core, but that wasn't true.He was actually incredibly smart. 
No one knew when he became aware of his background, but whether he knew or otherwise, he had always lived in obscurity at The Ataraxy.
Even someone as shrewd as Sebastian didn't notice anything amiss with him. 
It was because he knew that when one wanted to continue living despite the lethal dangers around oneself, the only thing one could do was to play safe and protect himself.
###Chapter 1736
Chapter 1736
"You think that you're exceptionally smart while your son was terribly stupid.But let me tell you this—if you hadn't gone to look for him, he would've continued living as part of the Jadeson family.His two children would've also lived to adulthood in this world, got married, and had children.A small tree can't withstand a great storm, but once it has grown into a gigantic tree, do you think it still doesn't stand a chance against the storm?" 
Hearing lan's words, Elizabeth was rendered dumbstruck. 
"Also, why didn't Eddie reveal the fact that Colton was his son? Do you really think that he disdained him?" 
That final utterance of lan’s was akin to a bolt of lightning to Elizabeth.She stared at him blankly.It was also then that she finally realized she had done an extremely foolish thing.Her arrogance had personally destroyed everything Eddie put in place before his death. 
Worse still, she caused her son's death. 
"T-That's not true! You're lying!" 
She went insane, starting to deny the truth vehemently, refusing to believe whatever lan said. 
In fact, even Sebastian at the side glanced at his son in slight surprise upon hearing all that. 
How did he suddenly comprehend so much? I didn't analyze all that with him, nor had I ever seen him so sharp-witted before. 
Could it be that it's because he has really grown up? In the end, Sebastian had someone drag Elizabeth away.
Upon seeing that, Matteo promptly stepped forward. 
"Daddy, was lan tight? Grandpa Colton actually harbored ill intentions toward us?" 
It turned out that he was also shocked by his brother's remarks earlier and couldn't quite accept it. 
Sighing, Sebastian reached out and ruffled his hair. 
"No.Although he was smart, I believe that he wanted to be an ordinary person more than anything else.Look, how did he treat you guys when you were young? Also, when Vivi was bitten by a venomous snake just now, didn't he give you the antidote immediately?" he consoled. 
Only then did the teenager who had shot up to almost his height nod firmly with red-rimmed eyes. 
"Yeah, I think so too!" 
Matteo was also a mellow teenager in temperament. 
Perhaps it was because he grew up in an environment filled with sunshine and love since young, but he would rather believe in the beauty and kindness of this world. 
Soon, Matteo escorted Elizabeth away with his men. 
lan stood in front of his father with his head lowered, saying nary a word. 
Standing with him was Kurt, who had blood stains all over his body and face. 
Sebastian ignored his elder son temporarily but turned his gaze to the other teenager, whose expression appeared a touch stiff and uneasy right then. 
"You've recovered?"
"Yes, Mr.Hayes." 
He dipped his eyes as the familiar address finally drifted into the air once more. 
All at once, Sebastian felt a sense of relief suffusing him as he stood there, the boulder that had been weighing on him for the longest time was lifted off at long last. 
"It's good that you've recovered.Send Vivi to the hospital first.I'll go and look for you in a while." 
"Sure, Mr.Hayes." 
From Sebastian's words, it didn't sound as though the man held him liable. 
Feeling much lighter, Kurt instantly agreed. 
Then, he whirled around and sprinted off.He actually didn't know how he managed to hang on during this period of time. 
His only thought after spotting Sebastian revolved around whether the man would be infuriated that he didn't take good care of the daughter he cherished like a precious gem. 
After all, he put her through the wringer. 
However, the man didn't blame him in the least. 
Instead, he still treated him the same as before. 
As Kurt ran along the street, he felt a wealth of warmth within him at that very moment. 
In the end, Sebastian went back with lan.
As they sat in the car and headed home, there was no communication between them for a long time while darkness gradually fell outside the window. 
It was so quiet that lan could only hear the sound of his own breathing.His fingers that had been curled into fists tightened even further. 
"Mr.Hayes, it's Lemlin Palace ahead.The royal residence just called, saying that the king prepared a feast there and is waiting for you" the driver who was driving at the front reminded, breaking the silence just then. 
The royal residence? It turns out that Daddy has an appointment for dinner with the king? lan's mood abruptly took a nosedive. 
"I won't be attending it.Tell the king that I'm rather tired today and that I'm taking my kids away for a vacation.Find a good hot spring resort." 
"Understood." 
The driver swiftly changed the route. 
lan was entirely stumped. 
The silence dragged on until they arrived at the entrance of the hot spring resort, and the car came to a stop.This time, Sebastian turned and looked at his elder son, who hadn't said a single word to him. 
"Let's go.I'll bring you up there for some relaxation" 
"Daddy..." 
lan lifted his head.
Despite trying his best to hold his tears at bay, one could still vaguely see that his eyes were slightly red-rimmed. 
In truth, he knew full well that he had gone a little overboard when he tore into that woman at the harbor earlier.It wasn't that his analysis went wrong, but his thoughts on the entire matter were too dark. 
Honestly speaking, the possibility of Colton being the kind of person he described was low. 
A small tree could grow into a gigantic tree, and then, it would have destructive power. 
Naturally, anyone would be afraid upon hearing such words. 
If one were to go with his words, the next thing one had to do were to eliminate Colton's two children at once so that there would be no loose ends.
###Chapter 1737
Chapter 1737
Therefore, after lan calmed down, he also realized that there was a problem with his line of thought. 
After all, his brother was immediately fearful after listening to his words at that time, and he promptly sought confirmation from their father. 
That had lan feeling extremely distressed.He didn't know when he turned into such a fatalistic person. 
"lan, you must remember that your thoughts have always been more meticulous than those of your brother's.As such, that analysis of yours was entirely normal.Don't overthink it because many things have two sides to them.There are both the good and the evil." 
Sitting in the car, Sebastian began discussing that matter with him formally at long last. 
Indeed, he had noticed his son's unusual behavior. 
That was why he requested the latter to stay and follow him. 
In all honesty, lan was very much like him when he was young, exceedingly smart yet awfully sensitive because of his withdrawn nature.He must have vented and lashed out at that old hag just now because Colton told him the truth behind Duncan's death in the end.He was inflamed and anguished, so he spoke without thinking. 
However, his spontaneous speech reflected his thoughts. 
That was something he couldn't ignore when he also grew up with the same personality. 
After Sebastian mollified that son of his, he brought him to the resort.
Half an hour later, when the teenager who finally had a smile on his face went to the hot spring with his brother, Matteo, Sebastian took out his smartphone and phoned Haruto in Jetroina. 
"Dr.Shoki, do you mind doing a mental evaluation for my son?" 
"Huh?" 
Having known them for quite some time by then, Haruto's way of speaking resembled theirs all the more. 
"What's wrong with your son? And which son are you referring to?" 
"My elder son.There's nothing major, but I want to evaluate his mental health.His current profession is rather unique," Sebastian fibbed. 
It was then that realization dawned upon Haruto. 
Subsequently, he sent an email over with an attached jigsaw puzzle, instructing the man to have his son piece it together so that he could see the finished product. 
Just when Sebastian received it, Kurt happened to arrive as well. 
Vivian was already out of the woods after taking the antidote and merely went to the hospital for a checkup. 
Thus, Karl had Kurt return to change since he was too filthy with too much blood on him. 
When Sebastian saw all three of them together, he decided to give them all the test. 
"This is a jigsaw puzzle.This time, you three of you managed to accomplish the mission perfectly, so I'm giving you all a chance to see which of you completes it first.When you're finished, I have a reward for you"
"Really?" 
After hearing that, Matteo leaped up in excitement in the hot spring. 
Both lan and Kurt were also intrigued. 
As Sebastian went off to relax, the three teenagers started piecing the puzzle together in the hot spring, each holding a tablet in hand. 
"Haha, the two of you are going to be left in the dust this time! Neither of you plays video games usually, so you can't possibly beat me! Just you wait! I'm definitely getting the reward!" Matteo crowed. 
lan kept mum, for he didn't like to talk. 
Instead, he buried his head in his task and pieced the puzzle together in all seriousness. 
On the contrary, Kurt responded to Matteo's remark.As he pieced the puzzle together, he replied, "How about playing together sometime?" 
"Huh?" 
Matteo exclaimed. 
The sound of water splashed everywhere split the air, and he was so shocked that he couldn't even be bothered to piece the puzzle together anymore.He turned and stared at Kurt, his alluring crescent eyes wide as saucers. 
What a scoundrel! He actually played video games behind my back and didn't tell me about it! About half an hour later, when Sebastian opened a bottle of red wine in the presidential suite and planned to text his wife at home just after having finished taking a bath, his assistant came with the three teenagers’ jigsaw puzzles.
"Mr.Hayes, among these pictures, Kurt finished the first, followed by Mr.Matteo, and finally, Mr.lan." 
His assistant handed him the pictures.Hmm? lan actually finished the slowest? Holding the wine glass in his hand, Sebastian was a touch surprised when he saw the three pictures in front of him. 
Nonetheless, he didn't think much about it, sending all three pictures to Haruto. 
Shortly after, he received a call from Haruto, who had taken a look at the pictures. 
"I've taken a look at all those pictures.Do you know what the real basemap of this picture is?" 
Haruto didn't explain it outright but put a question to him instead. 
Hearing that, Sebastian swept a glance over the original picture on his phone. 
A moment later, he answered, "A wine glass?" 
In response, Haruto chuckled. 
"Yup, it's a wine glass.It looks like you've now recovered completely, Mr.Hayes.Anyway, take a look at the three pictures you sent me.The first one was pieced into a towering tree.This is actually fine" Sebastian said nothing. 
The first picture was pieced together by Kurt. 
"When it comes to a towering tree, it actually means that the person desperately longs for peace in his heart because a towering tree can shield one from the wind and rain in the first place.Perhaps he had experienced something? But Mr.Hayes, there's nothing wrong with him," 
Haruto explained for the first picture.
As for the second picture, it was all the more unproblematic. 
Matteo pieced the puzzle into a broom with wings.It was as though he would be riding it to soar into the sky in the next second. 
"Mr.Hayes, this younger son of yours is really inherently optimistic.I reckon he'll be unperturbed even if doomsday comes." 
At that, Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
While that analogy was a tad exaggerated, as a father, he was still exceedingly happy to hear such an evaluation of his younger son. 
Alas, his good mood vanished when his gaze alighted on the last picture.
###Chapter 1738
Chapter 1738
"A door? He actually pieced together a door?" Haruto exclaimed. 
The man showed an exceeding astonished expression on the phone. 
Indeed, lan ultimately pieced his puzzle into a door. 
What was more, it was an exceedingly simple door with just a rectangular frame.It was bare within. 
There was nothing at all, but as Sebastian looked at the picture, he suddenly sensed that the empty space housed a narrow path with no end in sight. 
It was dark and mysterious, making one feel terribly uncomfortable. 
"What does this door represent?" 
"It's pretty bad.I once encountered such a person.In the end, he suffered from severe depression; Haruto answered honestly. 
In actuality, the candid interpretation for a puzzle pieced into a door was that it signified two worlds. 
One was inside the door while the other was outside.It was clear as day that lan, who had been introverted since young, belonged to the former.He liked to shut himself up in his own world. 
If it weren't for the arrival of his brother and sister later as well as his mother who loved him, he would have probably closed himself off long ago. 
Sasha subsequently exerted tremendous effort before he finally turned out to be a normal child. 
Duncan was also a critical point that caused the change in his personality.
After a bit, Sebastian put the pictures away. 
That night, he gave all three teenagers a reward. 
Matteo received a yacht he had long since wanted, equipped with the most advanced equipment. 
As for Kurt, Sebastian gifted him a car. 
"Now that you've recovered, are you planning to stay in Yartran and continue studying here? Vivi will be returning to the initial Royal Academy.With a car, you don't have to take the bus anymore if you want to protect her" he casually explained with a wine glass in hand when he had someone send the car key over. 
All at once, Kurt's face flushed bright red. 
Beside him, Matteo and lan both looked at him with knowing smiles on their faces. 
"Wow, it's a Maserati! This car is fast enough.It'll probably only take an hour from Atlantius to Royal Academy," 
Matteo teased. 
"It probably won't take that long.Forty minutes will do" 
lan chimed in. 
"Well, all right then.In that case, Kurt, you can set off before Vivi's class starts.When you arrive at her school, she'll have finished her class.The timing is just right" 
Matteo commented.Kurt said nothing. 
The urge to crawl into a hole in mortification seized him at their teasing.
Despite his embarrassment, he was still delighted to receive that reward. 
After all, that wasn't just a reward. 
Instead, it also signified Sebastian's recognition of him. 
Therefore, he accepted it happily. 
Next was lan. 
Everyone thought that his reward would be even better since he was the most creative among them when piecing the puzzle together. 
A door was a simple thing, and it was surprising to them that he actually pieced a door. 
Both Kurt and Matteo perked up their ears. 
"What would you like, lan?" 
"Huh?" 
lan, who was awaiting his reward, lifted his head and regarded his father in surprise. 
Why is he asking me about the reward he's giving me? Hasn't he prepared it beforehand? Verily, he was rather stunned. 
"Anything will do, Daddy." 
"What if I gift you some shares of the Hayes Corporation for you to handle? Would you like that?" 
None of them ever thought that Sebastian would give that elder son of his such a huge reward.
Matteo was wholly floored. 
Similarly, Kurt was shocked for several seconds, words eluding him. 
Meanwhile, lan gaped at his father blankly, making it evident that he still hadn't gathered his wits about him. 
"Why, Daddy?" 
"It's your Uncle Solomon's request.Your Aunt Ichika is now pregnant with their second child, so he has to take care of her.As such, he finds it a bit difficult to juggle things.Besides, he's rather angry recently because you've all grown up, but I haven't made a move to arrange for any of you to help him, Sebastian explained placidly.That was actually a half-truth.It went without saying that all he said about Solomon was true.The man indeed had his plate full right then. 
Not only did he have a son who was only five years old at home, but Ichika was also pregnant with their second child. 
Hence, he naturally couldn't quite handle everything in the office. 
Thus, he had really asked a few times which of the three teenagers would be willing to help him out. 
Ultimately, Hayes Corporation didn't belong to him alone. 
Sebastian still had shares in the company then.It had been years on end, yet Sebastian had only been sitting back and enjoying the fruits of his labor without doing anything. 
For that reason, he wanted the man to work for it. 
After hearing that elucidation, the three teenagers finally understood the entire situation.
The straightforward Matteo immediately agreed, asserting, "This is a great idea! It's perfect for lan to go and learn about managing the company from Uncle Solomon!" 
Having Zero interest in business, he thought nothing of urging his brother into picking up his slack. 
Kurt felt that it was good as well, but on second thought, he raised a question. 
"But Mr.Hayes, lan had been studying at the base and never learned financial management.Will he be able to do it if he goes over?" 
"Therefore, I'm contemplating withdrawing him from the base and having him attend finance school first for some time." 
With his eyes fixated on lan, Sebastian announced his decision.
###Chapter 1739
Chapter 1739
It would have been better if they were back home and lan was able to enroll in North Chanaea University. 
However, since what he needed was life in a normal environment, being able to get into any normal school would be helpful for him, giving him his much-needed exposure and social life. 
lan agreed to the arrangement as he thought his family would benefit from him doing so. 
Being a responsible seventeen-year-old teenager, he would do anything for his family. 
Sebastian breathed a sigh of relief after finalizing all the arrangements. 
Later that evening, he brought the three kids to the hotel and had a good meal with them. 
After the dinner, they went back to their respective rooms to rest. 
Sebastian decided to leave the following day after checking on Vivian and finding her condition stable. 
"Mr.Jadeson, we really appreciate your help this time!" 
The king came to send him off personally and brought many gifts for Sebastian and his family. 
Sebastian refused to accept the gifts, and said, "I should be the one thanking you instead, Your Majesty.After all, the incident arises due to our infighting, and unfortunately, our feuding affected you.I am really thankful you did not hold us responsible for the trouble caused." 
Sebastian knew the king was also a victim in that incident.
The culprit was from the Limmer family, so if the king wanted to pursue the matter and hold the Limmers responsible, it could escalate into an international affair and affect both countries. 
"Huh..." 
The king let out a big sigh and said, "Back then, I was completely besotted with Daphne because of her beauty.As expected, the royal family ed to our relationship as she was a foreigner and we could not find out much about her past.Despite the immense pressure from my family, I chose to ignore their concerns and went ahead with our marriage." 
"After our marriage, I began to realize something was not right with her.However, as she had never done me any harm and doted on Jason, so I chose to look the other way, the king added. 
"By the way, I heard your adopted child was possessed by her spirit and that is why he came here for revenge.In the end, all the underworld gangs in my territory were wiped out.Is that true?" 
The king suddenly posted an unusual question. 
Possessed? Sebastian thought the king was being very forgiving to put the blame on other-worldly forces.He knew that deep in his heart, the king wanted to forgive the woman who had deceived him all those while. 
Sebastian went along with it and nodded his head in agreement before saying, "I have already made freight arrangements for your son's body to be flown back home.He should arrive within a couple of days so please make plans for his burial." 
With tears brimming in his eyes, the king sorrowfully nodded and chokingly replied, "Thank you.I will..." 
Vivian, who had been standing quietly by the side, stepped forward and handed over Jason's pocket watch to the king.
"Mr.King, Prince Jason gave this to me during our last meeting and asked me to hand this to you.He told me he is very blessed to have grown up with so much love and attention from you" she said. 
"Oh, my boy..." 
The king finally could not hold it in anymore and broke down, his tears gushing out uncontrollably. 
Nothing could compare to the pain of losing one's child. 
Understandably, it was even more agonizing for the king as Jason was his only child. 
If Daphne had not been obsessed with those immaterial desires, she, the king, and Jason could have lived a blissful life. 
After bidding farewell to the king, Sebastian and the kids boarded the plane to go home. 
Normally, Kurt would be more discreet when other people were present. 
However, upon boarding the plane, Vivian suddenly grabbed his arm and made him sit next to her. 
Throughout the flight, she leaned on his shoulder and stayed very close to him. 
Kurt was a little taken aback by her public display of affection. 
"Kurt, do you think Jason will come back?" Vivian asked. 
"Huh? Come back?" 
Kurt was puzzled by her question. 
"Yup.Do you think his soul will go back to Yartran and reunite with his body? He left Yartran together with us, but now, we have to bring him home in this manner...He will come back, right?"
Vivian started choking with emotion as she spoke about Jason. 
In their time together, Vivian had not seen Jason do anyone any harm. 
The only exception was when his mom appeared in the villa and put a spell on him, causing him to lose his mind. 
When they were in Elysium, he never hurt her despite being on opposing sides. 
Even when they were in the jungle, he tried to keep his mother's followers away from her and did his best to get her out of harm's way. 
Kurt bit his lips to stifle his emotions. 
After a while, he managed to say, "Yes, he will." 
"Really?" 
Vivian looked up at him immediately with her beautiful eyes.Her eyes were brimming with tears, but he could see she was comforted by his reply. 
Kurt nodded his head and reassured her. 
"His mom is a high priestess, so she will make sure his soul reunites with his body.Have you forgotten how powerful she was? She could even make me seek revenge for them!" 
He brought up that incident to convince her, and true enough, that set her mind at rest and all her doubts were dispelled. 
Their plane touched down at Jadeborough's airport in the evening, a day before New Year's Eve.
After knowing what happened in Yartran, Sasha insisted on going to the airport personally to receive them. 
Devin obliged and escorted her to the airport. 
"Gh Vivi, my sweetie! You are finally home!" 
Sasha ran toward Vivian the moment she spotted her. 
After giving her a big hug, she started inspecting Vivian from head to toe.
###Chapter 1740
Chapter 1740
Vivian spun around to show off her healthy form, knowing Sasha was worried about her. 
"Look, Mommy! I am perfectly fine!" she said. 
"Wonderful!" 
Sasha nodded and shed tears of joy when she saw that her dear daughter was all right.Next, she turned her attention to Kurt, who was standing next to Vivian. 
"Mrs.Hayes..." 
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
"Are you okay? Have you recovered fully? Let me take a look." 
Sasha grabbed his hand and placed her fingers on his wrist to check his pulse.It was a winter evening and those fingers that were touching his wrist were cold, but her genuine concern and love warmed his heart. 
He obediently stood still as she examined him. 
lan and Matteo got off the plane and saw their mother attending to Kurt with much love and tenderness. 
They couldn't help but feel a little jealous. 
Matteo grumbled, "lan, do you think Mommy will only have eyes for her son-in-law from now on?" 
lan did not bother to entertain his brother's silly question. 
Matteo started singing in a sorrowful voice.
"There is a castle ona cloud, I-" 
Before he could finish the first verse, a hard knock landed on his head and he jumped in pain. 
"Daddy!" he protested. 
"Stop your nonsense! Quit fooling around and get moving.It is New Year's Eve tomorrow, so we have to get started on the preparations.Do you want your mommy to do all the work by herself?" he chided. 
Being a loving husband, he wanted Sasha to get a good break and enjoy the festive season. 
To lighten Sasha's load, he had already made a list of chores for his boys to do. 
Matteo and lan turned to look at their sister, who was being ushered into the car like a princess. 
Even her "personal bodyguard" was given preferential treatment. 
They couldn't help but let out a big sigh, resigned to their fate of being the "unfavoured" ones. 
On New Year's Eve, everyone at Oceanic Estate chipped in to help out in the preparations. 
Even Devin and his family came over from Red Pavilion to join them. 
"Devin, why don't you stay over and we ring in the new year together? We will head over to your place together tomorrow for more celebrations" Jonathan proposed. 
"Sure!" 
Devin happily agreed. 
It was a busy day at Oceanic Estate, as there were lots of work to be done on the massive estate. 
The kids were trying to split the cleaning duties among themselves.
"Who wants to clean the hall?" 
"Me, me!" 
A little hand shot up. 
Jeffrey volunteered for the chore, dragging his unwilling mom into it with him. 
Sabrina had always found excuses not to do any chores, so her family members were gleeful that her son actually did the opposite and forced her into doing so. 
Matteo continued with his chores assignment. 
"What about the garden? Who is going to take charge of the decorations? We need someone to put up the decorative lights and prepare flowers for all the rooms." 
No one wanted to volunteer for the difficult task of arranging flowers for the rooms, as there were many rooms in the estate and the amount of work involved would be overwhelming. 
"Let me do it" 
In the end, Jaena took on the most arduous chores without a complaint. 
Surprisingly, another voice rang out and said, "Count me in! And my brother will help us too!" 
It was Nina, and she volunteered to help Jaena! Everyone, including Jaena, was stunned by her move. 
Jaena stared in disbelief at Nina, surprised that the little girl, who was afraid of her, actually offered to work with her.
"No! Your brother cannot help you with that! We have already assigned another chore for him!" Matteo ed. 
After an awkward silence, Kurt spoke out and offered, "It is okay.I can manage both" 
Vivian chipped in and said, "That settles then.I will help Kurt, so you can rest assured both his chores will be completed.lan and Matteo, you guys take care of the rest of the chores" 
After that, she quickly gathered Kurt, Jaena, and Nina, and ran out of the room.She was not about to give her brothers a chance to protest. 
"What happened to the saying that blood is thicker than water?" 
Matteo fumed as he watched Vivian disappear around the corner. 
As usual, lan did not bother to say much.He grabbed the grumbling Matteo by his collar and dragged him off to work on the remaining chores. 
Sasha was in her room on the third floor, tidying her closet.She was chatting with Sebastian, who was doing some reading. 
"So you want to send lan to North Chanaea University next year?” 
"Yes.Compared to the school at the base, North Chanaea University has a much bigger student population.After interrogating Elizabeth, we know who are the ones that are microchipped.We need to remove the microchip from those kids and monitor them, which means we have to keep them away from the base for an extended period of time.lan will be badly affected by their absence, so it would be better to send him off to North Chanaea University." 
Sebastian filled Sasha in on what had happened and told her about Haruto's assessment of lan's psychological profile.
Haruto suggested widening lan’s social circle in order to help him with his issues. 
Humans are social animals, and having limited human contact over an extended period of time could lead to psychological problems, especially for an introvert like lan. 
That was the reason why Haruto suggested that living among the normal population, away from their confined base, would be beneficial for lan. 
"That makes perfect sense.Let's give it a try.I used to encourage him to go to preschool when he was young and adjust his activities based on his response.We can do the same for him now.Let's take it one step at a time, and make other arrangements for him if we see that he really could not adapt to life at North Chanaea University" Sasha agreed. 
Sebastian nodded and went back to his reading. 
Sasha suddenly recalled something and said, "Oh, what about Colton's family? What plans do you have for them? His two kids are back, and they are still in the dark about the cause of their father's death.By the way, Jared is kicking up a big fuss at The Ataraxy." 
Sebastian's face fell as he stared grimly at his book.
###Chapter 1741
Chapter 1741
Indeed, Jared was throwing a tantrum at The Ataraxy. 
Initially, his immediate family was bigger than that of his brother, Jonathan, He had three sons, Charles, Connor, and Colton, and a daughter Candice. 
However, things changed after Sebastian was brought back into the family. 
Jared had immense hatred for Sebastian for his return brought misfortune to Jared's immediate family. 
After Charles died, his wife, Jocelyn, and their two kids, Tiffany and Eric, also perished in Sebastian's hands. 
Although Sebastian was not the one who killed Connor, he was the mastermind of the plot that led to Connor's death. 
He was the one who leaked information about Connor's shady business to Jonathan, causing Jonathan to flare up and kill Connor on the spot. 
After that, Connor's son, Tyler also met his end. 
Shirley, Connor's wife did not manage to escape retribution as well. 
Both of them died because of their conspiracy against Sebastian. 
Candice was captured by White House and thrown into jail over her role in the conspiracy.She ended up dying in jail. 
With that, he was left with only one son and three grandchildren.
Colton had two kids, Timothy and Susan. 
And Connor had a surviving son, Cameron. 
They were the only family Jared had left. 
However, Jared was dealt with a devastating blow next.He discovered that Colton was actually Eddie and Elizabeth's son, not his flesh and blood. 
It was the last straw on the camel's back, and he could not take it anymore. 
On that very New Year's Eve, he lost his mind and created havoc at The Ataraxy, and some of his staff were savagely beaten by him. 
Timothy and Susan were a little older than Sebastian's kids and already in college. 
They arrived at The Ataraxy sometime in the evening. 
Initially, they had no plans to head home as they wanted to take on part-time jobs during the vacation to earn their pocket money. 
Being thoughtful kids, they wanted to lighten the financial burden on their parents, who had always taught them to be independent and not be financially reliant on Jonathan. 
However, a couple of days ago, they received the shocking news that their father had passed away. 
Devastated, they hurriedly made a trip home. 
"Get out! Get out of my house, you bast*rds! I hope you die in a car crash as you step out of here.I wish you all a tragic death!"
As they went near the compound, they could hear a hysterical Jared swearing and cursing loudly.His outburst of profanity echoed through The Ataraxy. 
Frightened by the commotion, they hesitated and stopped in their track. 
From the main entrance, they peeped into the compound, and to their surprise, they saw their mother kneeling on the ground. 
Sigrith's head was bleeding as she wailed and trembled uncontrollably. 
"Mom!" 
Timothy and Susan cried out loud and ran toward their mother. 
They had scant information about what happened to their father. 
Devin called them from Red Pavilion and told them something tragic had happened to their father, urging them to make a trip home. 
Upon reaching home, they were greeted by such a shocking scene. 
Susan was terrified.She ran to Sigrith in a panic and held on tightly to her mother. 
Timothy, on the other hand, stood right in front of the ladies to protect them. 
"What happened to you, Mom? Grandpa, why did you hit my mom?" Susan wailed. 
"Yes.Why did you hit my mom?" 
Timothy, being an impulsive young man, glared at Jared, angered by the sight of his mother's injuries. 
Before Jared could utter a word in response to Timothy, Sigrith stood up and pulled her two kids aside.
"Why are you here? Go back! What is happening here is none of your business!" she cried out. 
"Mom!" 
"Why should they leave? Are you still trying to hide the truth from them? Do you want them to keep to the delusion that they are from a respectable family?" 
Jared shrilled in anger. 
Sigrith's eyes dimmed, and pleaded desperately, "No, please don't..." 
"Why did I hit her? Listen up, you bast*rds.The reason is that she is not my daughter-in-law, and your old man is the love child of that old scumbag Eddie! Is that good enough a justification?" 
Jared howled and blurted out the harsh truth to the kids.That was shocking news that even an adult might not be able to handle, let alone two youngsters. 
Susan broke down instantly, and Timothy, being a little younger, took a long time to register what he just heard.He stood rooted to the ground, dumbfounded. 
What followed were more curses and swearing from Jared. 
Like a lunatic, he let out a stream of expletives. 
"You bast*rds will suffer a terrible end.Your father has met his just end, and you will be next.You won't live to see tomorrow!" 
Both Timothy and Susan were shocked beyond words at the wicked curses thrown at them.They finally saw the true evil colors of Jared and stared at him with ashen faces, aggrieved.
###Chapter 1742
Chapter 1742
At that crucial moment, a man stormed into The Ataraxy. 
When he heard the foul language Jared was using, his big eyes bulged in anger. 
Picking a stone from the ground, he threw it at Jared. 
Thud! The stone hit Jared's foul mouth spot on! ‘Ouch!" 
Jared screamed in pain. 
"I should have ripped that foul mouth off your face years back! It was a mistake to keep you alive.Do you have a death wish now? If you do, I can oblige and make your wish come true!" 
It was Jonathan who had rushed to Sigrith's rescue. 
Not satisfied with the injuries he caused Jared, he started scolding him loudly. 
Jared was lucky that Jonathan had mellowed with age. 
If he still had the quick temper of his youthful days, he would have drawn his gun and used it on Jared. 
Jared was bleeding profusely and in great pain. 
Covering his bleeding mouth with his hands, he stopped his swearing and timidly stood there, quiet as a mouse. 
Jonathan glared at him sternly until he lowered his eyes and cowered in fear. 
Turning his attention to Sigrith and her kids, he said, "Forget the nonsense he sprouted.Get up and come with me to Oceanic Estate"
"Uncle Jonathan..." 
Sigrith could not hold in her grief anymore and fell slumped on the ground, sobbing. 
Timothy and Susan stood next to Sigrith, staring gratefully at Jonathan. 
Their tears were flowing uncontrollably too. 
Among the Jadesons, they had always respected Jonathan the most.He was the head of the family and although he had a fiery temper, he was fair and reasonable. 
Jonathan brought Sigrith, Susan, and Timothy back to Oceanic Estate with him. 
Sasha, Devin, and their families, together with the relatives from Gossamer Creek, were all waiting anxiously for them. 
When they saw the pathetic state the three were in, they fumed and lashed out at Jared. 
"Has that old man lost his mind? How could he hit you?" 
Sabrina was the first to voice her anger and disgust.She would definitely side with Sigrith and her kids. 
Together with a few other relatives from Gossamer Creek, Sigrith had worked closely with Sabrina at her shop. 
Under Sigrith’s management, the business was flourishing, and Sabrina never had to worry about a thing as long as Sigrith was there. 
Knowing they were like family, no one could fault Sabrina for being angry and disrespectful toward Jared.
"That's right! You and Colton had been taking such good care of Uncle Jared.How could he be so ruthless toward you?" 
"Is he even human?" 
"I am not surprised.The Ataraxy has always been a cold and merciless place" 
Everyone at Oceanic Estate started grumbling and defending Sigrith and her family. 
The three were touched by the support shown and broke down once again in tears. 
Although it was revealed that Colton was Eddie's son, the family could testify that he wasn't evil like Eddie. 
They knew him well as they had lived together as a family for decades. 
Colton and his family should not be condemned simply because they were biologically related to Eddie. 
They had no knowledge of Eddie's sinister plans and were innocent victims themselves. 
Sasha managed to calm everyone down and asked some of the ladies to attend to Sigrith’s injuries. 
Next, she brought Susan and Timothy to join the rest of the kids. 
"Matteo and lan! Come out! Your Aunt Susan and Uncle Timmy are here!" Sasha called out to the kids. 
Instantly, the children dropped whatever they were doing and came running out to welcome Susan and Timothy. 
"Aunt Susan, you are back! Come and take a look at what we have done.We are preparing for the new year.Come join us!"
Vivian greeted them warmly, running up to Susan and hanging on to her arm, urging her to join in. 
Being kids, Susan and Timothy quickly set aside the bad experience they had a while ago and were soon basking in the festive mood. 
Sasha breathed a sigh of relief and left the kids to continue with the new year preparations.She went back to the room and found Sebastian poring through a pile of documents the business department had sent him.She briefly updated him on what had happened. 
"I have grossly misjudged Jared and never thought he could be so petty" she commented. 
"I am not surprised at all. 
If he were a gentleman, he would not have raised such terrible kids!" 
Sebastian sneered. 
Sasha let out a sigh, knowing he was referring to Charles, Connor, and Candice.She filled the kettle and put it to boil, then sat down opposite him and made him tea as they chatted about the incident. 
"So what will happen to Sigrith and her two kids? What do you think we should do?" Sasha asked. 
"I will go with any decision the old man makes." 
With his eyes glued to the ledger in his hand, he nonchalantly answered Sasha. 
Old man? Is he referring to Jonathan? Sasha was dazed momentarily by that reminder. 
Indeed, Sigrith and her kids' fates were in Jonathan's hands. 
Only he could decide if they get to stay in the family.
###Chapter 1743
Chapter 1743
Sigrith was aware of the current situation. 
As Jonathan came in after Sigrith finished bandaging her wound, she kneeled before him. 
"What are you doing?" 
Jonathan was shocked and quickly asked Sigrith to get up. 
Nonetheless, Sigrith, who looked teary-eyed again, shook her head in response. 
"Uncle Jonathan, we...didn't know that Colton...isn't a member of the Jadesons.He never told us about it.Besides, I've never done anything wrong ever since I became part of the Jadesons.Can you please let go of my two children?" 
Sigrith begged as she knelt on the floor.It turned out that Sigrith was worried her two children would be in trouble because of their father's deed. 
She was willing to let go of her dignity and life for her children's safety. 
Since her children’s grandfather was a rebel, Sigrith understood that no one would let go of them even if they moved out and lived elsewhere. 
The next moment, Sigrith was taken by surprise because Jonathan answered without hesitation, "Nonsense! Why do I have to let go of the two kids? I mean, they didn't do anything wrong! Moreover, even your husband Colton was forced to do it" 
"What did you say? Did someone force him to do it?" 
Sigrith looked up at Jonathan in shock.
Am I hearing things? 
"Yes, Eddie forced himself on Elizabeth back then.Just imagine who would willingly give birth to a raper’s child? Since the Jadesons and the Limmers were rivals, she deliberately wanted the Jadesons to accept the kid to take revenge against Eddie.Besides, she refused to let Eddie know he has a son." 
As Jonathan explained slowly, Sigrith couldn't tell if he was lying and was overwhelmed with shock. 
Staring at Jonathan, Sigrith thought she had found a glimmer of hope amid despair. 
After a while, she shivered in excitement. 
"Uncle Jonathan, are you serious?" 
"Of course.You can ask Sebastian if you don't believe me.He went to Yartran in person to deal with the matter.Colton was killed by his mother because he wasn't willing to succumb to her. 
"Elizabeth suffered cognitive distortions after her life was ruined by Eddie.She forced Colton to become the next Eddie, but Colton refused.In the end, Colton handed over the map that depicted Eddie's hidden forces around the world to Sebastian.Hence, do you think he would betray the Jadesons?" 
Jonathan gazed at Sigrith gently and caringly as he was speaking.I have made the decision.If the same grudge is passed on from generation to generation, both sides will never live in peace. 
Therefore, the best solution to resolve it is to be forgiving. 
Sigrith burst into tears, for she was emotional and felt that a new life had just arrived. 
Then, she ran out of the room to look for her two children. 
Shortly after, the children at Oceanic Estate could hear Sigrith’s kids burst into tears.
On the third floor, Sasha and the man in front of her looked at each other and smiled. 
The next day was the New Year's Eve. 
As the lady of the house at Oceanic Estate, Sasha purposely invited Sigrith and her children to celebrate the new year together. 
Sigrith gladly agreed as soon as she received the invitation. 
With Sigrith and her children as guests, the atmosphere at Oceanic Estate became merry. 
There were nine children at Oceanic Estate because Cameron had also arrived. 
After Knowing Sigrith’s good news, Cameron didn't want to be bothered by the elder at The Ataraxy but came to Oceanic Estate to celebrate the new year instead. 
Also, Sasha had to fork out a considerable amount of money to prepare some gifts for the kids. 
After the New Year's Eve dinner ended, Jonathan was shocked because many children lined up before him. 
Sasha said, "Grandpa, you don't have to give them much.Sebastian has prepared gifts for them," 
Jonathan responded with a smile and began distributing his gifts to the kids. 
Everyone knew that Jonathan wasn't a stingy person. 
However, Sebastian recently kept an eye on Jonathan's spending, for he didn't allow Jonathan to buy cigarettes. 
Besides, Jonathan didn't have much pension, thus leaving him no choice but to spend cautiously.
After Jonathan distributed the gifts, Jeffrey said, "Mommy, Great- grandpa gave me two hundred in cash." 
Immediately, Nina chimed in, "Me too!" 
Sabrina and Jonathan were rendered speechless upon hearing it. 
These scoundrels! Nevertheless, Jonathan was delighted deep down. 
After dinner, the adults began playing games, whereas the kids who had just received gifts went to the observation tower to play with firecrackers. 
Vivian carried a lot of firecrackers and took Kurt to a spot with the best view. 
Meanwhile, Susan couldn't help but ask, "Why do I feel that something is wrong between them? lan, are they-" 
"Ahem...ahem..." 
lan felt a little awkward. 
lan didn't respond to Sabrina's question. 
Since the garden was big enough, he took some firecrackers and brought her to another spot instead. 
"Aunt Susan, may I ask what's it like to study at your university? Can you ask my daddy to let me study there? I've heard that your university is a good place to study." 
"Ah? Susan, who was playing with firecrackers, gazed at lan in surprise.
###Chapter 1744
Chapter 1744
Susan regained her senses and asked curiously, "Are you intending to further your studies at my school? Aren't you based at the research laboratory?" 
Everyone in the Jadeson family knew that lan's genius was spotted by the research institute at a very young age and he was sent there to study. 
As a result, Susan and her brother were extremely envious of him and lamented the fact that they just weren't as gifted as he was. 
But now, he's telling me that he wants to study at my school? Susan stared at him. 
All she saw was her question causing him to avert his gaze by lowering his head. 
Pursing his lips, lan replied, "Daddy wants me to help Uncle Solomon out" 
"Uncle Solomon?" 
"Mmm-hmm.At Hayes Corporation.Since Aunt Ichika is giving birth soon, he will be extremely busy." 
lan usually didn't have much to say. 
But since he needed his aunt's help, he made an effort to explain in detail. 
As a result, Susan finally understood the situation. 
This is indeed how life is. 
lan isn't just born smart but also comes from an exceptional family. 
As if that wasn't enough, his family owns the largest conglomerate in the country.
Susan let out a sigh. 
"You can definitely come.However, our school's faculty of finance isn't that good.Hence, I'm afraid that your father won't agree," 
lan replied, "It'll be fine, as I'll study it on my own." 
Susan was momentarily speechless before finally agreeing to it. 
That evening, Sebastian and Sasha received the request. 
"Yariel, while lan and I were playing with fireworks, he told me that he wanted to go to my university.I'm guessing that he might have trouble adapting to a new environment quickly.Therefore, by going to school together with me, we'll be able to take care of each other." 
When no one else was around, Susan finally approached her cousin, Sebastian, and Sasha. 
Subsequently, she told them of lan’s request and shared her view of the situation. 
Just as she finished, Sasha, who was tidying up, was stunned. 
To have even considered that, this girl is truly smart. 
Evidently, she has inherited the genes of the Limmer family. 
Sebastian gave Susan another look. 
"Do you think it's a good idea?" 
"There's nothing wrong with lan joining us, for my brother and I are studying there too.We might not be able to help much with his learning, but we can support him in his daily life"
Susan responded with finesse, causing Sasha to beam. 
After putting the items that she was tidying up down, Sasha turned around and brought out a present that she had already prepared for Susan's family. 
"I'm amazed at how thoughtful you are.I'll be honest with you, your cousin and I have been racking our brains over where to send lan for his studies.Hence, your suggestion has helped put our minds at ease." 
"Really?" 
Susan was surprised to receive the present Sasha had prepared. 
Watching them by the side, Sebastian nodded too. 
"Initially, we were considering sending him to North Chanaea University.Now that we have heard your proposal, we think it's a wonderful idea.By the way, what is your major?" 
"Finance and accounting" 
Susan replied at once.She was well aware of how exceptionally smart Sebastian was ever since she was young. 
Cognizant that he held the reins of power within the Jadeson family, she also treated him with utmost respect. 
Nonetheless, she didn't expect her cousin, whom she worshiped, to have given her her first present for the new year. 
"That's a good major to have.Anyway, I presume you're a sophomore this year? Next year, you can join Hayes Corporation as an intern."
"Really?" 
Susan was ecstatic. 
As Hayes Corporation was the top conglomerate in the nation, it was the employer of choice for the majority. 
Even many of her classmates made entering Hayes Corporation their lifelong goal. 
As a result, she was surprised that she had the opportunity to do so. 
Finally, Susan was filled with excitement when she returned to The Ataraxy with her mother and brother. 
"Mom, do you know that Yariel has asked me to intern at Hayes Corporation next year?" 
"Really?" 
When Sigrith heard it, she stopped what she was doing and turned to look at her daughter in disbelief. 
Timothy reacted the same way too. 
Susan reiterated. 
"It's true.Yariel said so himself.However, he did add that whether or not I can continue to work there will depend on my performance," 
Sigrith replied, "That goes without saying, as they're not a charity.Therefore, you have to work hard when you're there, all right? After all, we do not want to disappoint them." 
Just as she spoke, her eyes began to moisten, for she had not expected such a development.
Previously, she was already grateful to those at Oceanic Estate for not holding her and her two children accountable. 
Hence, she didn't expect them to bestow upon her daughter such a gift. 
Evidently, Sebastian didn't treat them as outsiders and still saw them as family despite the incident with the Limmers. 
That night, Sigrith and her two children slept especially soundly.
###Chapter 1745
Chapter 1745
By the time they awoke, it was already the new year. 
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Early in the morning, fireworks were set off at the heavily decorated Oceanic Estate. 
The loud explosions that ensued broke the silence of the castle gardens, waking up many who were still sleeping inside. 
Sabrina demanded, "Who's setting off fireworks so early in the morning? Is it that little rascal, Jaena?" 
Devin answered, "It's definitely not her.She slept at midnight after helping you do your nails.There's no way she would wake up so early just to play with fireworks." 
With her face red in anger, Sabrina cursed, "Damn it." 
But in the end, she fell back to sleep in Devin's arms with the thought of giving her daughter a huge present when she woke up. 
The next moment, it was Sebastian and Sasha's turn to wake up, for they had always been light sleepers. 
Sasha asked, "Is it Vivi?" 
Sebastian grunted, "Mmm-hmm." 
The same thought flashed across both their minds, as Vivian was indeed the naughtiest among their children.
When she realized that it was Vivian who was setting off the fireworks, she didn't rush out to check if the latter was wearing a thick jacket anymore. 
Instead, she continued to close her eyes in Sebastian's embrace. 
After all, there was no need for both of them to worry about Vivian anymore. 
"Why aren't they waking up?" 
With the sky still dark, Vivian wondered why no one in Oceanic Estate had woken up despite her having finished setting off all the fireworks. 
Standing in the garden, she puffed her cheeks in exasperation while holding the lighter in her hand. 
When Kurt, who was setting up the firework rockets on the ground, saw that she had stopped, he picked up the down jacket left at the side and draped it over her shoulders. 
"Kurt, can I ask you something?" 
"Hmm?* "Why haven't they woken up yet? On new year's day in Jadeborough, there's a competition to see who is the earliest to set off fireworks.Therefore, I woke up especially early today just so that I can beat everyone.However, there's no reaction from them at all," 
Vivian fumed as her anger intensified. 
Kurt was equally amused as he was angry. 
Is she being foolish? Given that she had woken up early to set off the fireworks, what's the point in the others doing so? Obviously, there was no way he could say that. 
After putting on her furry hat for her and making sure that he had wrapped her snugly, Kurt suggested, "Since they're still asleep, shall we go to someplace fun?"
"Huh?" 
Vivian's dreamy eyes sparkled. 
"Where are we going?" 
"I heard that many are heading to the Warlock Church today to offer their first prayers for the new year.Shall we do the same and pray for your parents’ health?" 
As he gave her a gentle look, her beautiful and glistening eyes filled his heart with an overwhelming sense of bliss. 
Also, I would like to pray that you continue to stay safe. 
When both of them finally set off amidst the gloomy morning, they could hear the incessant sound of firework explosions. 
Therefore, both of them rushed toward Warlock Church as fast as they could. 
Actually, Vivian had been to the church before when she was young. 
She could still remember that during that period, her parents were pressured by their enemies on all sides. 
In fact, Connor's wife, Shirley, had even tried to poison her and her brothers by spiking their drinks. 
Fortunately, Sasha foiled Shirley's plan, which subsequently led to the latter's death. 
As Vivian and Kurt drove there at breakneck speed, they assurned that they would be the first to arrive. 
Contrary to their expectations, a long queue had already formed the moment they did.
Vivian was stumped. 
It's just a prayer, why is there such a massive crowd here? When she saw the queue that was tens of meters long, she began to have second thoughts. 
"Kurt, why don't—" 
When she turned around planning to tell him to forget it, she noticed that he had gone to a stall that sold offerings. 
"Hi, I would like to ask what kind of offerings I should get on behalf of someone close?" 
"Someone close? Which kind?’ the vendor asked for more details, as there was a specific offering for every different occasion. 
Some were for friends, while others were for the resolution of problems. 
Even the protocol of making them was different. 
Consequently, the vendor had to clarify the purpose. 
The moment they heard the question, Vivian could see Kurt's face ashen at once. 
At the same time, his fingers, which were hanging by his side, began to ball into tight fists. 
"It's for my...mother" 
"I see.In that case, take these.Three to show your filial piety and three more to show your well-being." 
The vendor handed him the offerings. 
Stunned, Kurt raised his gaze at him, "Offerings for well-being?"
The vendor explained with a gentle smile, "That's right.By coming here to pray for her, you're demonstrating your filial piety.As for your well-being, I mean that that's your way of telling her that you're doing fine"
###Chapter 1746
Chapter 1746 
Kurt was dumbstruck.Tell her that I'm fine? Suddenly, he could feel something ravage his heart. 
It was as if the excruciating pain that he had hidden all this while had been released. 
At that moment, his emotions overwhelmed him from all sides just like an avalanche. 
Unable to get a grip of himself in time, he felt his knees buckle as his body began to swoon. 
"Kurt? Kurt?" 
Vivian rushed to his side to support him. 
In truth, she felt as if Kurt was behaving strangely over the last few days. 
When he finally awoke in Yartran and returned to the country, he never brought up his mom or what happened to his family. 
In fact, his father, Roppell, was still around when he came back, but all he did was get the former to leave. 
From then on, he never talked about the matter until that very moment. 
"Kurt..." 
When Vivian saw that his face had lost all color and that he was trembling mindlessly, she was seized with fear. 
All she could do then was hug him tightly and call out his name again and again. 
Meanwhile, the vendor, who was taken aback, quickly rushed out of his stall.
"Kid, don't be sad.What I meant was that...you're fine.That's what your mom wants to see.Therefore, it's a good thing." 
Finally, Kurt looked up with a pale face and slightly trembling lips. 
In a raspy voice, he asked, "A good...thing?" 
The vendor nodded. 
"Of course.Every parent in this world wishes to see their own children safe and sound.In fact, they are willing to sacrifice everything just for its sake." 
Kurt was stumped. 
"Therefore kid, there’s no need for you to feel sad.My guess is your mom left this world feeling satisfied that she had given you a new lease of life," the vendor comforted Kurt before patting him on the shoulder. 
The moment felt really strange, for someone who was obviously a stranger seemed to know what had happened. 
Those magical few words that he uttered seemed to have pulled Kurt back from the brink. 
Vivian was stunned by the realization. 
As she stared at the vendor for a long time, she could feel the emotions in her heart crashing like raging waves. 
Nevertheless, she wasn't able to utter a single word at all. 
Who is that person? How did he know what has been troubling Kurt all this while? If we hadn't come today, what would have happened to Kurt in the future? Would he be tormented by the loss of his
mother for the rest of his life, never to forgive himself?" 
In the end, Vivian took the offerings and towed Kurt along with her. 
When they finally entered Warlock Church after queueing, she saw Kurt looking up at the giant statue of an angel inside. 
In that instant, a tear dropped from the corner of his eyes. 
"Kurt..." 
"Vivi, going forward, we should live out our lives happily together, all right?" 
He finally spoke in a raspy voice in front of the statue. 
Live our lives happily together. 
As her eyes began to redden, Vivian didn't say a word.She held Kurt's hand as both of them presented the offerings to the statue and knelt down. 
We will live happily together for the rest of our lives. 
Meanwhile, it was already past seven back at Oceanic estate. 
Everyone in the castle had gradually woken up. 
Since it was the first day of the new year, they couldn't wake up late, for there were lots to do. 
As the lady of the house, Sasha had to go down to the kitchen and make breakfast, for all the maids had gone home for the holidays. 
Whilst she was cooking, the unexpected sound of heels rang out from behind her.
"Why didn't you wake me up? How are you going to manage alone?" 
It was none other than Sabrina. 
Sasha broke into a smile at the sight of her. 
"It's no big deal.Didn't you stay up late last night?" 
"You should still wake me.After all, you're not the only lady within the Jadeson household" 
Sabrina was as unrelenting as usual. 
When she came over and saw that Sasha was done with the pasta, she began to prepare the eggs. 
In truth, she was quite independent. 
After all, she had spent a few years alone on a deserted island.It was just that she went on to meet a good man who spoiled her endlessly. 
After busying themselves, breakfast was finally ready at a little past eight. 
Sasha proceeded to gather everyone to eat. 
"Mommy, Uncle Solomon just called and asked us when are we going over to Avenport? He says that Aunt Ichika isn't feeling too good.Hence, they might head to Jetroina in two days’ time.Therefore, if we are going to visit, we'll have to make it before then," 
Matteo hurried over to report the important matter. 
Ichika isn't feeling well? The news caused everyone at the table to worry, especially Sabrina, who felt the need to make a call at once.
"Didn't I tell him to be more careful considering that Ichika is pregnant with twins? Look at what has happened now on the very first day of the new year" 
Silence descended upon the table. 
Twins? Everyone gaped in surprise. 
No wonder Sebastian has to send the three twins to take over Hayes Corporation.It turns out that this is big news indeed!
###Chapter 1747
Chapter 1747 
Given the sudden turn of events at Solomon's end, everyone at Oceanic Estate prepared to travel to Avenport once they had completed the celebrations on the first day of the new year. 
As for the Coopers, they had initially planned to visit Oceanic estate on the second day. 
But after learning of the news, they visited that very afternoon instead. 
"Happy New Year, Old Mr.Jadeson." 
Entering with gifts in his hands, Edmund was as high-spirited as usual. 
When he saw Jonathan, Devin, and the others, he burst into laughter as he greeted all of them. 
After patting him on the shoulder, Devin led him to have coffee with Jonathan. 
While the men went off for guys’ talk, the women were left behind. 
Other than Tillie, Riley had also joined them on the visit. 
"Riley, have you recovered? I heard that you were sick the last time you came back.How are you feeling now?" 
Sasha inquired with concern the moment she saw her. 
After all, Riley was a big help when both her two children were in Yorksland and Elysium. 
Riley shook her head. 
"I'm fine now.In fact, I recovered a long time ago.By the way, where's Kurt? How is he? Has he recovered too?"
She quickly thought about Kurt. 
Sasha explained to her that Kurt was doing all right. 
Since it was the first day of the new year, everyone was in good spirits except for one person. 
Standing amidst the laughter and joyous atmosphere, she looked a little dejected and seemed to be forcing a smile. 
In fact, the pale look on her face even made her look sick. 
When she saw Tillie's ashen look, Sasha pulled Riley aside and asked, "What happened? Is your sister-in-law not feeling well?" 
Riley responded with a sigh. 
"They got into an argument again last night.Since it was New Year's Eve, Tillie spent the whole day preparing a scrumptious dinner.However, Edmund didn't come home for dinner and spent the evening at someone else's home." 
Sasha was dumbstruck.She didn't expect much from their relationship. 
But after so many years of them being married, she was shocked that Edmund was still fooling around. 
"Riley, this can't be allowed.You must talk to your brother.Look at how miserable Tillie looks.I sure hope that nothing is wrong with her? Sasha reminded Riley.However, Riley didn't manage to read between the lines of Sasha's words. 
"Of course I did, but it has fallen on deaf ears.That aside, I'm sure you're unaware that both of them made a pact when they got married" 
"A pact?"
Sasha was stunned. 
Riley nodded. 
"Yup.I'm sure you're aware that Edmund was forced to marry her so that he could launder my father's assets.When Tillie finally found out, she pleaded with him to let her stay within the family.They would become friends and she wouldn't interfere in his life.It was only then that Edmund agreed to it." 
Riley finally revealed the matter with a sigh. 
In truth, the matter had become a joke within their family.It had been four years since they got married and Tillie made the verbal agreement. 
Throughout that period, Tillie never got pregnant as Edmund never slept with her. 
He had abided by the agreement just as she wished. 
All they did was maintain the front of a loving couple in public. 
However, once they returned home, both of them behaved like strangers to each other. 
Given the situation, Tillie became the butt of the other two Cooper sisters’ jokes. 
How else can I advise him? Riley was perplexed. 
Sasha too was dumbfounded. 
How did such a weird arrangement happen? Despite being a married couple, they had an agreement to just be friends when they should be like comrade-in-arms. 
Is she a fool? No wonder she looked terrible ever since we returned.
Since Sasha was a TCM specialist, it was obvious to her that something was physically wrong with Tillie. 
Is she trying to torment herself to death? What was she thinking when she struck such an agreement with the man she loved? Sasha found her unbelievable. 
Finally, Sasha decided to talk to her in her capacity as both friend and doctor. 
However, after searching through Oceanic Estate, she finally found Tillie sitting alone on the balcony, staring listlessly into the wind.She was a far cry from her once energetic self. 
In fact, there was a time when she would be relentless when it came to achieving her goals. 
"Tillie, what are you doing? Why are you sitting in the wind? Be careful of catching a cold" 
Sasha hurried up to her side with the intent of pulling her back in. 
However, Tillie continue to stare at the gloomy sky and the crashing waves down below. 
Suddenly, she asked, "Mrs.Jadeson, do you have any regrets in your life?" 
"Huh?" 
Sasha froze. 
Regrets? What does she mean? When Sasha looked down at her, she noticed the listless look in Tillie's eyes as she stared blankly out into the freezing ocean water. 
Pursing her lips, Sasha finally decided to sit down and accompany the latter.
###Chapter 1748
Chapter 1748  
"Of course I do.Who doesn't have any regrets in their lives?" 
"Is that so?" 
Tillie blinked upon hearing Sasha's answer. 
Sasha nodded. 
"Yes.However, there's no cure for regrets.Therefore, I have to correct myself so that I don't repeat the same mistakes the next time." 
Tillie was stunned. 
"The next time?" 
She thought that she had heard wrongly. 
Do I still have one more chance? Given that I do not have much time left, that would be a luxury for me.If I truly get that opportunity, it would be in my next life. 
Tillie squirmed the corner of her lips. 
Finally, she got up from her chair obediently. 
When she followed Sasha back indoors, a vibrant smile had returned to her face. 
"Mrs.Jadeson, I noticed that your three children have grown up a lot.Vivi in particular looks very different now." 
"Indeed." 
Upon hearing Tillie change the subject, Sasha followed suit and didn't continue with their earlier topic.
"Nevertheless, it's all thanks to Riley.She had taken good care of the children when they were in Yorksland." 
"No thanks are needed.She's obligated to do so anyway." 
The moment they discussed the matter, color began to return to Tillie's ashen face. 
After all, Riley was the only person in the Cooper family to bring her cheer. 
"By the way Mrs.Jadeson, there's something I want to trouble you with.It's related to Riley.Given her age, can you introduce someone to her?" 
"Huh? Me?" 
Caught by surprise, Sasha almost bit her own tongue. 
Of all people, why is she asking me to be a matchmaker? Does she realize it's a bad idea? I'm not fit to be one at all. 
Just as she spoke, Tillie let out a sigh by the side. 
"That's right.Riley doesn't listen to the both of us.Furthermore, after what happened to Dad, she had lost interest in relationships and isn't willing to get married" 
"Erm..." 
"Therefore, I figured that she would definitely agree to someone you matchmake her with.After all, you would definitely not do her harm." 
Tillie gave Sasha a hopeful look. 
Her biggest wish now was to see Riley find happiness before she died.
In the event Edmund fell back into his old ways, Riley would be the only person carrying the burden of the entire Cooper family on her shoulders. 
Even though she was a woman of the Cooper family, her two other sisters didn't even come close to being compared to her. 
Sasha was startled again. 
But after giving it some thought, she saw the reason behind Tillie's suggestion. 
On top of that, she was fond of Riley too. 
As a result, Sasha agreed to do so in the end. 
"All right then, I'll talk to Grandpa about it and see if he has anyone compatible in mind" 
"Mmm-hmm.Thank you, Mrs.Jadeson" 
Tillie finally broke into her first smile for the new year. 
After dinner, it was time for the Coopers to leave. 
As Edmund was utterly drunk after having drinks with Devin and the others, Tillie went over to help him when she saw the condition he was in. 
However, the moment she touched him, he unexpectedly shoved her aside. 
"Go away! I...I'll walk by myself." 
Subsequently, he swayed side to side as he staggered out. 
In the end, Devin went to help him when he couldn't tolerate the situation any further.
The entire scene caused Riley to stomp her feet in anger. 
That b*stard! I'll make sure to teach him a lesson when he wakes up tomorrow. 
Riley then walked up to Tillie's side. 
"Tillie, about that..." 
"I'm fine, Riley.Why don't you check if he left his bag behind? While you retrieve it, I'll go get the car" 
Tillie plainly suggested as if she wasn't emotionally affected at all. 
With that, she grabbed the car keys and went to start the car. 
Riley was stumped. 
Out of ideas, she had no choice but to do as she was instructed. 
Feeling the urge to intervene, Sasha entered the room and walked up to Riley from behind. 
"Riley, you had better keep a closer eye on Tillie, for her health doesn't look good" 
"What did you say?" 
Riley raised her head immediately and stared at Sasha in shock. 
The gravity of the situation finally dawned upon her. 
This time, Sasha no longer held back and revealed her analysis, "I noticed that her eyes have a yellow tint to them and she often hunches her back.If my guess is correct, there's something wrong with her organs."
Riley's mind was blown away. 
Problems with her organs? How can it be? Tillie has never mentioned it before.Riley was flabbergasted. 
Without any delay, she grabbed Edmund's bag and ran after Tillie. 
However, she missed them by a few minutes, as the two of them had gotten into the car and driven off. 
Inside the car, the drunken Edmund looked at Tillie, who was at the wheel, and mumbled, "Why haven't you changed?"
###Chapter 1749
Chapter 1749 
By the time Edmund woke up the next morning, it was already late in the day. 
After he opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling for a while, he jumped out of bed immediately. 
This isn't Cooper residence.It's one of the properties I bought a few years ago. 
Suddenly, footsteps rang out from outside. 
A young woman in a beige knitted top and short grey skirt entered the room upon hearing the movements inside. 
"Are you awake?" 
Holding a bowl of hot broth in her hand, she was none other than his legally married wife, Tillie. 
Edmund's heart tightened the moment he saw her. 
"Why am I here? Didn't we return to Cooper residence last night?" he demanded in displeasure. 
After that, he lay down again, as soreness reverberated throughout his body. 
Meanwhile, Tillie put the broth down on the table beside the bed. 
"You were drunk last night and insisted on coming here.Hence, I have no choice but to comply." 
Laying in bed, Edmund finally fell silent. 
After retracting his gaze from Tillie, he closed his eyes to rest briefly before sitting back up.It was true that he disliked staying at Cooper residence.
After all, he was constantly irritated by the sight of Tillie. 
But since it was the holidays, he spent a few days there out of respect for her.It looks like I was really drunk last night. 
Edmund proceeded to the bathroom. 
Just when he lifted the toilet bowl cover to poop, the wobbliness in his legs struck again. 
Also, the soreness in his hips felt as if he had done something vigorous the night before.It actually aches every time I move. 
This is really weird, for I didn't do anything yesterday. 
After washing up, Edmund came out of the bathroom. 
"Let's go." 
He grabbed his jacket and prepared to head back to the Cooper residence. 
However, Tillie, who was in the living room, didn't follow him out as expected. 
Instead, she watched him come down while remaining seated on the couch. 
"Edmund, I need to talk to you." 
Talk? About what? Can it be that my sisters have caused trouble again? And that I need to clean up their mess? Edmund's reflex was to think about his sisters, causing his expression to darken. 
All these years, Tillie had managed the Cooper family affairs very well, to the extent that Edmund could delegate it entirely to her.
It was for the same reason that he had to constantly hear from her about the problems his useless sisters caused. 
Nevertheless, Edmund bore with it. 
"What do you want to talk about? If they have gone overboard again, I'll teach them a lesson despite it being the new year" 
"It's not them." 
A hint of disappointment descended upon Tillie's face when she saw his expression.That's how he always is. 
Without a doubt, he only cares about the Cooper family and his own affairs. 
I have never ever been a priority to him at all. 
Lowering her head, Tillie brought something out of her bag. 
"It's about this, Edmund.Let's get divorced"" 
"What did you just say?" 
Finally, she had managed to elicit a response from Edmund. 
When his gaze fell upon her, she saw for the very first time the astonishment in his eyes. 
"Divorce? Are you pulling my leg?" 
"No, Edmund.I'm serious.My father's health is deteriorating.Hence, I plan to return to our hometown with him so that he can rest there.Given that I'm the only child, there's no way I can ignore my parents;
Tillie calmly explained with barely any emotion on her face.Her sadness, reluctance, and distraught were all well hidden. 
Edmund stared at her as a sudden sense of dread set upon him. 
Before he could even digest her words, he demanded angrily, "What's the meaning of this? Are you abandoning your family for your father's sake?" 
Tillie was speechless. 
Edmund continued, "What's wrong with you? Is it necessary to make such a stupid decision over a matter like that? Come home with me right now!" 
With that, he stormed out of the house. 
Meanwhile, Tillie was stunned as she watched his leaving silhouette. 
Is he unwilling to do so? Back at Oceanic Estate, Sasha and the rest of the family had woken up early as they prepared for their trip to Avenport. 
Jonathan asked, "How is Solomon going to entertain all of you? After all, they have children on their own, while Ichika is pregnant" 
Jonathan was upset that everyone was going to visit their relatives, leaving him alone at home. 
Sasha was naturally amused by his response. 
"Grandpa, don't worry.There will still be many relatives around.We are only staying there for a short while." 
"Hmph!"
In the end, Devin relented and stayed back with his son, Jeffrey. 
At the same time, Sebastian requested one of the triplets to stay back too. 
Thus, Vivian volunteered with the excuse that it was inappropriate for Kurt to go. 
After all, Kurt had to take care of his sister, Nina. 
Also, it would be weird for him to make the visit during the holidays since he wasn't related to the Hayeses at all.
###Chapter 1750
Chapter 1750 
Vivian responded, "All right.We'll stay here to have some fun for a couple of days.Nina, you'll have to start attending elementary school soon, right?" 
She then gently stroke the back of Nina's head. 
Upon hearing that, Nina ran to Kurt and hugged his thigh. 
"I don't want to go to school." 
Kurt did not know how to react to Nina's plea.He looked at his sister's puppy eyes and went soft.He squatted down and said to her, "If you want to do well when you grow up, you must go to school." 
"Why?* the seven-year-old could not quite understand what Kurt was implying. 
Vivian then walked over and squatted beside Nina. 
"We need to equip ourselves with the knowledge so that we live the life that we've always dreamed of.That's why I'm also studying hard so that one day I can become a successful designer." 
"Designer?" 
"Yeah.I want to become a fashion and accessories designer.What do you think of the clothes I'm wearing now?" 
To spark Nina's interest in education, Vivian stood up and spun around to display her clothes. 
Yet, Nina did not resonate with Vivian's inspiration. 
As a child who came from a war-torn region, Nina could hardly relate to materialistic values.
But Kurt knew the best way to get her attention was to get her to envision her future. 
At first, he kept mum. 
After Vivian left, he gazed into her eyes and said, "Listen to me, Nina.You're no longer a princess, and we won't be going back to Elysium anymore.You understand?" 
"But why?" 
The little girl instantly burst into tears upon hearing what he said. 
Tears welled up in Nina's beautiful eyes, and her body started trembling.She looked at Kurt in shock as she could not understand why she could not return to Elysium. 
Why can't I become a princess again? Kurt replied, "Because we don't belong to Elysium anymore.The monarchy should have been abolished a long time ago.We're living in a world where everyone receives equal treatment.The people in Elysium should be given such a privilege too." 
That remark rendered Nina speechless. 
"So from now on, you must be independent and learn to survive on your own since you won't have servants to take care of you anymore.Don't dream of marrying into a wealthy family and living comfortably for the rest of your life.You must not forget about this!" 
Once again, Kurt reminded his sister. 
In Elysium, princesses from the royal family received everything on a silver platter. 
Nina, too, enjoyed this kind of privilege despite being kept in confinement. 
Before the abolishment of the Elysium monarchy, princesses were either married to prominent tribal chiefs or noblemen.
That was why Nina was stunned when Kurt told her that. 
"What about you, Kurt? Does that mean you have to study and work to earn a living?" 
"Of course.After this, I'll be pursuing my studies overseas.After completing my studies, I'll get a job and make money to support your education.And..." 
He then took a glance at the girl who was playing with Jeffrey. 
Nina understood what Kurt wanted for his future.I bet he's determined to marry Vivian. 
Poor Kurt, I'm sure he'll have to work extra hard to prove that he's worthy of her love.I somehow feel his future in-laws are extremely rich. 
Perhaps they're even much wealthier than our royal family. 
Kurt might have to spend a lot on dowry if he plans to marry the girl of his dream. 
Nina went into deep thought for a moment. 
"All right.I'll attend school then.I want to master a skill that can help me earn lots of money." 
"Earn lots of money?" 
"Yeah.I want to chip in some money to help you marry your wife too! I know we're no longer in the palace, and Mom is not with us anymore, but don't worry, I'm still around.I'll make lots and lots of money for you to marry Vivian!" 
The little girl said with great confidence and patted Kurt's shoulder.
Kurt had no idea how to react to her words.His face was flushed with embarrassment.He wished he could teach her a lesson by giving her two tight slaps on the cheeks. 
Despite his embarrassment, Kurt was relieved that he managed to change Nina's mind. 
When Kurt told Vivian that he had successfully persuaded Nina to go to school, Vivian immediately went to look for Jonathan to ask for his help to enroll Nina in a school. 
But at that time, Jonathan was talking to someone over the phone. 
"You'd be surprised how good I am in matchmaking.The daughter from the Cooper family is a nice and capable lady, and everyone in Jadeborough knows that.What's your concern? Do you think she's not compatible with your son?" 
It's not even New Year, and Grandpa is already busy playing matchmaker? He sounded as if he was threatening the family, though. 
Vivian pulled Kurt aside and continued eavesdropping on the conversation.She wanted to know what arrangement Jonathan had in mind for Riley. 
###Chapter 1751
Chapter 1751
Kurt was at a loss for words. 
"I don't think we should eavesdrop on their conversation..." 
Vivian turned to him and said, "Why not? He's talking about Aunt Riley here.We must find out the man Grandpa is trying to matchmake her with.I've gotten to know many people in Jadeborough over the years, so I'm sure I'll know who the candidate is when I hear his name!" 
She then grabbed Kurt by the shoulder and dragged him to a window in the study.She even pinned the young man to the wall just in case he refused to abide by her command. 
Kurt's brows twitched when she pressed her body against him. 
Meanwhile, Jonathan continued speaking over the phone. 
"Do you have any other problems? If not, let's meet today." 
"What? You want them to meet today?" the person on the other end of the phone exclaimed. 
Jonathan expressed his dismay. 
"Of course.Do you want to wait till tomorrow? What if someone snatches her away? She's quite a steal, mind you.All right, enough talking.We'll meet at noon later.See you at Grandview Restaurant." 
Jonathan then ended the call without hesitation. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian could not help but giggle. 
"Did you see that? Kurt..."
When she lowered her head and was about to tell Kurt how capable Jonathan was, she realized the young man was captivated by her beautiful eyes. 
Kurt, whom Vivian had cornered to the window with her chest, could feel her warm breath as they were merely a few inches away from each other. 
Vivian instantly blushed.She froze right there while staring into Kurt's eyes, and her heart skipped a beat. 
Seconds later, her cheeks became even rosier. 
"I-I'm sorry..." She panicked and was about to run away. 
Yet, the young man, whom she had subdued earlier, extended his muscular arms, grabbed her, and pulled her into his chest. 
Vivian was utterly stunned. 
Kurt whispered in a hoarse voice, "Grandpa is going to come out anytime soon" 
He then pulled Vivian to the back to hide behind a potted tree. 
At that moment, she could feel his warm breath on her neck. 
Vivian squatted still.She could hear the young man’s heart pounding so clear that her body began to stiffen. 
Never in her life had she had this kind of feeling.She could not stop herself from blushing. 
A few moments later, Jonathan walked away, and they could hear his laughter fading.
When Vivian was about to get up, Kurt still wrapped his arms around her slender waist as if he was not ready to let her go. 
"Kurt, let me go..." 
Kurt then came to his senses and gradually released her.He instantly felt a pang of guilt and disappointment for what he did. 
What has gotten into my head? Wake up! I'm just a boy! Suddenly, Vivian mustered up the courage to give him a gentle peck on his cheek.Kurt was utterly struck dumb. 
His head started spinning and buzzing. 
All he did after that was staring at the little girl like a fool. 
What did she do just now? Teenagers would always have the most innocent affection for each other. 
Unlike adults with sexual desire, their love was simple and pure. 
A gentle kiss on the cheek was the most direct expression of love. 
No matter what they would go through in life in years to come, the kiss would forever be etched on their memories. 
When Kurt finally came around and stood up, Vivian was already gone. 
She must have found a place to hide as she had never done this before. 
All of a sudden, Nina appeared. 
She walked up to Kurt and noticed he looked calm.
She smirked and asked, "Did you do something bad?* Upon hearing that, Kurt's body turned stiff right away. 
"Excuse me?" 
"I saw you and Vivian..." 
"That's not something bad.You even acknowledged her as your future sister-in-law, right? Besides, I've long identified her as my future wife.Have you forgotten about it?" Nina thought about it. 
I guess he's right.
###Chapter 1752
Chapter 1752
In the end, Riley did not make it to the matchmaking session because she was busy looking for her sister in law, and her brother, who was a good-for-nothing. 
Yet, after searching high and low for a day, she still had no clue of their whereabouts. 
When Riley reached home and saw her mother and sisters munching on sunflower seeds while watching a television program, she exploded in rage. 
"Mom, why are you not looking for them? It's New Year, yet they're still not home.Are you not worried?" 
Violet crossed her legs and responded nonchalantly, "What for? You should know that Edmund doesn't like staying home." 
Her response left Riley speechless. 
Violet continued, "And don't you dare mention Tillie again.Where was she when mom and I were busy entertaining all the guests who visited us today? She should have stayed home and done her part.Why should I go and look for her?" 
Gabrielle echoed, "That's right!" 
The mother-daughter duo kept painting Tillie in a bad light. 
A vortex of anger swirled inside Riley, and she exploded. 
"Get the hell out of here and look for them right now! If you can't find them by the end of the day, don't even think of stepping into the house! Go!" 
Riley was enraged.She picked up a broom and started chasing them out of the house.
Unlike Tillie, Riley was like a boss in the Cooper family. 
No one would dare to go against her when she was throwing a fit. 
Violet reluctantly got off the couch and ran toward the living hall. 
"Riley, are you crazy? Why are you taking it out on me just because they went missing?" 
"That's the only way to get your *ss out of the house! Tillie must have pampered you when I wasn't around in the last two years.From now on, I'll not allow you to sit here and do nothing!" 
Riley picked up a ceramic plate and smashed it at Violet, who talked back at her. 
Violet and Gabriella had no choice but to leave the house to look for Edward and Tillie. 
Alice, who was carrying a child in her arms, was stunned to see how furious Riley was. 
"Riley..." 
"Shush! And you.You're also one of a kind.Why do you always come back to the Cooper residence when you're married? The Coopers are supposed to take care of you and your kid, huh?" 
Riley stared at her sister and reprimanded. 
Alice was also another problematic person in the family. 
Though she had married into another family, she was still the same old lazy woman, and no one could stand her. 
Even her mother-in-law could not get along with her. 
That was why she chose to stay in the Cooper residence even after she had delivered the baby.
Because of her, Tillie had to hire a maid to help her look after the child and cook for the family. 
Unbelievable! Flushed with embarrassment, Alice carried her child and scuttled away. 
Riley could finally enjoy some peace in the house. 
Seconds later, she took out her phone and started making phone calls to locate Edmund and Tillie's whereabouts. 
Riley wanted to track them down as soon as possible because last night, Sasha told her to pay attention to Tillie since the latter was ill.It was the next day after New Year, yet no one knew where Tillie and Edmund went after leaving the Jadeson residence last night. 
Riley then gave Edmund another call. 
The phone finally got through. 
When she heard Edmund's voice, Riley questioned him, "Where the hell are you? Do you know that Tillie hasn't returned the whole day?" 
Edmund kept mum.He was not in a good mood as he had lost quite a bit of money to his friends during a poker game. 
Upon hearing that, Edmund expressed his dismay. 
"So? Shouldn't you be calling her instead of yelling at me?" 
"Do you think I'd call you if I can get to her? Listen carefully, Edmund Cooper.You better look for her now, or you're going to be in trouble!" 
Riley threatened him.She was utterly disappointed with her brother's reaction.
With that, she hung up on him. 
Edmund, who sat by the gambling desk, dropped his cards and wondered. 
Trouble? What trouble? Is she going to teach me a lesson because she noticed Tillie and I are not as loving as she initially thought? Or is she mad at us because we have yet to have our own kid? Edmund's expression turned grim. 
"Your family called, Mr.Cooper? Do you have to leave soon?" 
"It seems like someone is afraid of the wife!" his friends teased. 
Edmund felt even more irritated. 
Reluctant to return to the Cooper residence, he continued playing a few rounds of poker.He only went home when it was almost past midnight.
###Chapter 1753
Chapter 1753
When Edmund returned to the Cooper residence, he thought everyone would be fast asleep.He did not expect the lights of the living room to still be on when he entered the building. 
As he finally stepped foot into the living room, he was immediately greeted by his sister's silhouette. 
"You-" 
"You finally decided to come home?" 
Without giving him a chance to speak, Riley stood up slowly from the couch she had sat on as she waited the entire day for Edmund's return. 
An ashen expression was etched on her face while her eyes were filled with a foreign look of disappointment, wrath, and iciness. 
Edmund froze. 
Perhaps it was due to the fact that he had never seen her with that expression, a sense of guilt rose to his chest. 
"Why do you want to see me?" he asked. 
"Why? Why? You still have the audacity to ask me why?" 
Riley was livid. 
In a swift motion, she picked up the pieces of paper from the coffee table in front of her and threw them in front of Edmund.
"Edmund, I really can't believe anyone could be so cruel.At the end of the day, Tillie lives under your roof.Did you not notice anything at all? Have you no clue? Even if you only have a cat or a dog as a pet, you'd know if they have fallen sick or gone missing, wouldn't you?" 
Keeping her gaze on Edmund, Riley interrogated, emphasizing each word she spat. 
Edmund was rendered speechless.It was then did he finally realize something was amiss. 
Picking up the papers in front of him, Edmund quickly lowered his head and started reading. 
To his horror, the first phrase that flashed across his vision was "Stage 4 Liver Cancer" on the report heading. 
Who has stage 4 liver cancer? All of a sudden, his mind became fuzzy.He was so shocked that he did not even pay attention to the name on the report. 
Riley spoke up once again, "Do you see now? It's already in the final stage.All these years, if you had been nicer to her so she could have had a better time in this household, she might not fall sick in the first place.Tell me, Edmund.How long do you think she had suffered silently for?" 
Silence filled the living room. 
For a long while, Edmund stayed rooted in his spot, neither moving nor speaking.He kept staring at the medical record and investigation report in his hand mindlessly. 
How could there suddenly be cancer? Isn't she always bursting with energy? She was always in his field of vision. 
That woman would be the first person he saw when he opened his eyes in the morning and the last person he saw when he went home at night.
Sometimes, Edmund could not help but feel annoyed, wondering if he married a person or a broken alarm clock. 
Yet, as it turned out, even someone as consistent as she might disappear from his life forever one day, and she would never come back. 
Truth to be told, Edmund did not expect such a day to come. 
"Edmund? Are you listening to what I'm saying? Edmund?" 
Seeing that Edmund did not react, Riley started to get impatient and started urging him. 
Riley's voice managed to snap Edmund out of his daze. 
However, instead of replying, he completely ignored her and crumpled the papers in his hand into a ball before turning to leave immediately. 
His movements were so swift and sudden that Riley called out in panic, "Where are you going again? Come back here!" 
She thought that he was still totally unbothered by the news and was going out to have fun again. 
But this time, Edmund was not going for a fun night out. 
Once he stepped foot out of the door, he jumped into his car and sped to the Zander residence. 
In the dead of night, his car whizzed along the roads as he slammed his foot on the accelerator, going more than a hundred and fifty kilometers per hour. 
End-stage cancer? Edmund truly did not expect such a fate to befall that woman. 
They had been married for five years by then.
No matter how much he claimed he did not love her, five long years of living under the same roof took away his ability to be indifferent in this situation. 
Edmund rushed to the Zander residence as fast as he could. 
However, upon seeing the lock on the door, his heart sank even further. 
What occasion is this that they even locked the door? Where have they gone? Edmund stood outside the locked door. 
A chill slowly crept down his spine as he felt his heart turning cold. 
Bit by bit, the iciness in his heart spread to his skin. 
In the end, even the tips of his fingers were freezing. 
"The number you have dialed is unavailable." 
The robotic voice traveled through the phone. 
"The number you have dialed-" 
"The nu-" 
Beep! Frustrated, he hung up the call. 
Upon hearing the commotion, the Zanders' neighbor walked out of his room to see what was happening. 
"Aren't you Mr.Zander's son-in-law? What are you doing here so late at night? Didn't you go with them? Edmund was bewildered.
"Go with them? Where did they go?" 
"To get treatment for Mr.Zander." 
The neighbor sighed. 
"What kind of a son-in-law are you? You can't possibly not know that your own father-in-law is going overseas for treatment?" 
Hearing the confusion in Edmund's voice, the neighbor began to feel angry. 
Once again, Edmund was stunned. 
Going overseas for treatment? Edmund truly had no clue. 
Another issue that baffled him was the person receiving the treatment. 
Isn't Tillie the one that's sick? When had it become Mr.Zander? Yet as that thought crossed his mind, a memory surfaced. 
When Tillie had acted out of character and handed him the divorce papers that morning, she seemed to have mentioned it in the passing.She told him that her father was ill. 
Hence, she wanted a divorce so she could take care of her father. 
Edmund felt his thoughts getting more entangled. 
Nevertheless, he was grateful to receive a new piece of information. 
As Edmund got into his car and drove away, he immediately got someone to check the airport ticket sales details.
As it turned out, the Zanders' names were found on three tickets on the flight to Moranta that afternoon.
###Chapter 1754
Chapter 1754
Adding pressure onto the accelerator, Edmund sped to the airport. 
With the new clue on his fingertips, finding the Zanders should be a breeze. 
Not to mention that Edmund already had friends from Moranta. 
The next afternoon after Tillie had gone missing, Edmund managed to find Tillie in a hospital in Moranta. 
"Ms.Zander, why are you only sending your father for treatment now? His condition is grave.Even after the surgery, there is no guarantee that he will recover." 
Edmund found Tillie standing in a hallway, talking to a doctor in a white coat. 
After the doctor revealed the diagnostic results, Tillie paled as her body began to sway. 
If it weren't for the fact that the doctor caught her in time, Tillie would have fallen head first onto the ground. 
Edmund clenched his fists slightly. 
Out of concern, the doctor asked Tillie if she was alright and helped her to a nearby bench. 
Seeing how easy it was for the doctor to carry Tillie to the bench, only then did Edmund notice how terribly skinny she had become. 
It was as if a gust of strong wind could carry her away. 
"Would you like me to help you back into the room so you can lie down, Ms.Zander?"
"It's alright.I'd like to sit here for a while.Thank you, doctor." 
Tillie answered absentmindedly, as though her soul had been sucked out of her body. 
Her cheekbones were prominent as the color drained from her skinny face. 
Were there any words that could describe how she felt at that moment? Truthfully, there were none. 
As despair filled her chest, Tillie felt each painful crack as her heart broke into a million pieces. 
Only one thing remained in her mind: guilt. 
If there was a way to turn back time, she would not make the same choices she did. 
She would have spent more time with her parents and would have made sure that they did not worry too much about her.She was their only daughter. 
Surely they had raised her as if she was more precious than any treasure in the world. 
Yet what had she done for them in return? Tillie was utterly devastated. 
She sat on the bench mechanically. 
Despite wanting to cry, tears failed to come. 
Just then, she felt a dip beside her on the bench.It was as though someone had taken a seat beside her. 
"Don't be so upset.If there isn't a cure here, I can send him to Jetroina.Word has it that there's a Dr.Shoki, and he's supposed to be brilliant"
Upon hearing the familiar voice of a man ringing out beside her, Tillie's brain suddenly went blank.She was dumbfounded. 
After a long while, she slowly turned her head in the direction of the voice and looked at the man beside her, thinking it was a dream. 
The outline of a familiar person greeted her. 
It was the same person that Tillie had fallen head over heels for since forever. 
But...what's he doing here? That's impossible.He didn't even want to see me back home. 
Why would he be all the way here for dad's illness? With that thought, Tillie turned her head back to stare blankly in front of her once again. 
Seeing that she did not reply, Edmund continued, "Alright, you stay here and take a breather.I'll go see what the situation is now" 
Having said that, he stood up and decided to check things out before making a decision. 
Staring at his diminishing silhouette, Tillie finally snapped out of her daze. 
Instantly, the dam she had built for five long years came crashing down as tears poured from the corner of her eyes. 
Unable to hold her tears back any longer, Tillie covered her face and allowed herself to wail loudly on the bench. 
Edmund stopped dead in his tracks.His body stopped moving as well. 
Edmund was not stupid.He knew exactly the reason behind that sudden explosion of tears.
Although unwilling, he had to admit that he had been a douchebag, especially toward that woman. 
Turning around, he returned to the bench and sat next to the woman once again. 
At that point, Tillie was gasping for air from crying so hard. 
"Alright, stop crying.I'm here.Don't worry, I won't let anything happen to Mr.Zander" 
The sound of sniffles continued to echo in the hallway. 
After around five minutes, Tillie’s breath slowly returned to normal. 
When Edmund saw that, he took out a packet of tissues and handed it to her. 
That was probably the first time in their five years of marriage that he had voluntarily cared for her. 
Tillie accepted the tissues and wiped her face clean. 
After a while, she turned to look at him with reddened eyes. 
"What are you doing here?" she asked. 
Edmund shrugged in response. 
"You didn't go home yesterday, so I went to your place instead.In the end, your neighbor told me you brought Mr.Zander here for treatment.Why didn't you tell me about this sooner?’ 
A hint of reproach could be detected in his last sentence. 
Tillie lowered her gaze.
What was there to tell? After so many years, he had never cared about her parents, not to mention that he had been even more terrible to herself. 
Would there be any use if she had said something? Tillie did not want to add salt to her wound. 
"You were busy, so I didn't bother to tell you.Plus, I assumed it was just a small issue at first" 
Tillie sniffed as she cooked up a random excuse. 
Edmund's frown deepened at her answer. 
"Assumed? How could you assume something like this? You're not even a doctor.It's not like there's no man in the house.What could've happened if you discuss it with me? How many things can you handle on your own?" 
Tillie remained silent upon hearing his response.He truly did not beat around the bush. 
However, as Tillie was sitting there, a tiny speck of warmth began to form in her long-frozen heart.
###Chapter 1755
Chapter 1755
In the end, Tillie agreed. 
Edmund began to take charge of Mr.Zander's treatment plan. 
However, the results he obtained from the doctor were far worse than he had expected. 
"Mr.Cooper, the patient's condition is not looking very pleasant.He has colorectal cancer.What we can do now is to let him undergo surgery to remove the tumor, but there is no guarantee that the cancer will not return." 
Cancer again? As Edmund heard the word, the images of the medical report Riley had handed him flashed across his mind. 
All of a sudden, his heart felt even heavier. 
After he had gotten married, Edmund had lived in a frolicking manner. 
The thought that someone was suffering all this while did not even cross his mind. 
"Noted" 
Edmund did not make a decision right there and then. 
Instead, after hearing what the doctor said, he went out of the doctor's office. 
All the while, Tillie had been staying by his side. 
Upon seeing that he left without a word, anxiety rose to her chest. 
"What's going on? Why aren't you agreeing to Dad's surgery?"
"It's not that," answered Edmund. 
"I just want to ask my friends if there are any other better hospitals.Right now, our priority is to make sure that nothing happens to Dad" 
Edmund turned around to look Tillie straight in the eyes when he answered. 
That was the first time he ever answered her question seriously. 
The moment he finished explaining, it did not escape his notice that Tillie was taken aback.Her calm expression a moment ago began to slip away as her eyes reddened once again. 
"Okay" 
With tears brimming in her eyes, Tillie ultimately agreed.It took Edmund almost no time at all to connect with a friend. 
As he had expected, his friend had managed to connect him with a better doctor and hospital. 
At the news, Tillie’s entire family erupted with excitement. 
"Eddy, thank you so much for helping out.If not, Tillie and I would not know what we should do." 
Happy tears streamed down Mrs.Zander's face at the great news. 
Edmund, on the other hand, could not help but feel guilty and embarrassed. 
"What are you saying, Mom? I'm your son-in-law.This is my responsibility." 
"That's true.You are my son-in-law, why am I being so formal with you? It's all Tillie's fault.Back then, whenever we wanted to ask you for help, she would always tell us you're busy and carry it upon herself.Little by little, even we don't dare to bother you anymore"
Mrs.Zander was overjoyed by Edmund's answer. 
Caught in the moment, she shifted the blame onto Tillie instead. 
Instantly, Tillie felt awkward being put under the spotlight. 
"Mom, what are you saying?" 
Yet in reality, when Tillie stole a glance at the man beside her, a warmth she had never felt before consumed her heart. 
On that day itself, Mr.Zander was transferred. 
When they had arrived at the hospital that was recommended by Edmund's friend, the doctor called for investigations on Mr.Zander again. 
After reviewing Mr.Zander's condition, the doctor announced that the situation was not as grave as they had thought. 
In fact, there was a high chance of recovery. 
When the family heard the news, it was as though a weight was lifted off their shoulders. 
After Mr.Zander's situation had settled down, Edmund glanced at the woman taking care of Mr.Zander in his hospital room, wondering if he should ask about her own condition. 
That way, they might as well run a screening on her too. 
However, just as he reached the door, he overheard Tillie speaking to Mr.Zander. 
"Dad, don't worry.The doctor Edmund found for us already said that it's just gonna be a small operation.You'll be in and out in no time."
"Really?" 
In the hospital room, Mr.Zander was lying on the bed.His body looked weak and disheveled. 
Nevertheless, the smile he had when he heard the news managed to brighten up his composure. 
As the scene unfolded in front of Edmund's eyes, he decided against asking Tillie about her condition. 
It's probably best to wait till after the surgery. 
Back at Avenport, Sasha and the rest had a meal together. 
The next day, Solomon prepared to bring Ichika back to Jetroina. 
They did not expect Ichika's condition to be so terrible that she could not even get out of bed. 
"She should definitely go for a check-up.Nothing of this sort happened when I was pregnant with the triplets.You guys should quickly find out the issue." 
As the full force of reality hit her, Sasha immediately urged Solomon and Ichika. 
Of course, Sabrina was even more anxious. 
"Exactly.Hurry and go.Why are you only letting us know about this now? Oh, right.You don't have to take Yoel with you.Just leave him here with us.Once you've gone to Jetroina, you would have to take care of Ichika and take care of the company at the same time.You wouldn't have time for Yoel." 
"Mm-hmm" agreed Sasha. 
Therefore, Solomon took Ichika away first thing the next morning. 
Their son Yoel, on the other hand, remained within the country with Sasha and the rest.
"What do you want to eat, Yoel? I'll cook for you." 
Seeing that Yoel sat silently like a mini gentleman, she quickly took a liking to the child.It was evident that the child was unlike others his age. 
Sasha could not help but compare Yoel with Devin's son, Jeffrey. 
The two boys were about the same age, yet Jeffrey was like the devil's incarnation, notorious for being naughty and mischievous. 
Even Nina, a girl of about the same age, was active by nature. 
Yet the child in front of her was incredibly obedient. 
No, obedient might not be the right word to describe the child. 
Instead, the child had a rather quiet and poised personality.He could sit alone by himself with a comic book when Sasha was busy, not bothering anyone. 
Even when his Aunt Sabrina was chasing Jeffery around the Hayes residence, Yoel could sit patiently on a stool and wait for his aunt in silence. 
Sabrina could not help but wish Yoel was her kid instead. 
###Chapter 1756
Chapter 1756
"Say, Sasha.Both these kids have the Hayeses blood.How could such a d*mned thing give rise to such a good kid?" asked Sabrina, panting from chasing Jeffery. 
Sasha did not respond. 
Instead, with sweat still dripping from her forehead, Sasha picked up the poor child who had been sitting quietly in hunger all that while. 
Well, with your gene, I'm surprised you had hopes of having a good kid. 
Sasha thought to herself. 
Yoel's obedient manner was probably inherited from Solomon. 
Sasha then brought Yoel to Frontier Bay. 
"Sebby, the school holiday is almost over.Should we go back to Jadeborough? Vivi and Matt are starting school soon, and there are a lot of things to take care of at home." 
"Mm-hmm, but I plan to take lan to the company for the next two days." 
Sebastian, who was reading by himself, casually revealed his plans for the coming two days. 
To the company? Sasha placed Yoel down on the floor before walking up to Sebastian. 
"Didn't you say we're allowing him to further his studies and get to know more people? Why are you sending him to the company now?" Sasha inquired.
"Because after I've come back here, I have evaluated the business of Hayes Corporation.Although the company is still earning profits, the overall performance is improving very slowly.Solomon might have been a great lawyer, but when it comes to business, he lacks the talent." 
Sebastian did not hesitate to put Solomon down.However, it was true that Hayes Corporation had only been going steady for the past few years.It lacked the rapid development when it was under Sebastian's lead. 
If this were to continue, Hayes Corporation would be replaced sooner or later. 
Once she had understood the situation, Sasha dropped the subject. 
The next day, lan was brought by Sebastian to the company upon waking up. 
"Did you hear? Mr.Hayes is coming to the office today!" 
The staff had long gotten the news that their ex-President would be visiting them that day. 
Everyone from Hayes Corporation was ecstatic and had all clocked in earlier than usual. 
Everyone had genuinely missed Sebastian. 
After all, it was Sebastian who led them into the glorious period of Hayes Corporation. 
At seven thirty in the morning, a familiar black Bentley rolled up to the company's entrance. 
Out stepped a man with a mature composure. 
Yet his appearance and demeanor were just as the people remembered. 
It's Mr.Hayes! The President that they had not seen in so long really was standing in front of them.
The crowd was having trouble containing their cheers of excitement. 
At the next second, the door to the passenger seat opened. 
A handsome young man stepped out of the car. 
The man's face resembled Sebastian so much that he looked like a miniature version of Sebastian. 
The crowd was utterly shocked by what they saw. 
My gosh, is that... 
Is that Mr.lan? He's all grown up now! Everyone in the building was dumbstruck as they watched on. 
However, everyone regained their composure when the father-son pair made their way into the building like the royal family. 
"Welcome, Mr.Hayes! Welcome, Mr.lan!" 
A round of thunderous applause reverberated in the hall. 
Sebastian was unfazed. 
Conversely, lan, who was already feeling nervous beforehand, was startled by such a grand welcome. 
"Daddy, they..." 
"It's alright.They're just happy to see you here.Let's go, we shall meet the top management of the company first.You've just gotten here.I'll bring you around so you can familiarize yourself with the operations of this company." 
Sebastian never liked the small talk.
Hence, he immediately brought lan into an elevator. 
After half an hour, in a conference meeting with the shareholders of Hayes Corporation, Sebastian announced that not only would he be taking over some of Solomon's work at hand for the time being, he would be assigning lan to the company's operational department. 
"Even though lan still has to study, he should have no issues managing the company's operation at the same time.It would not affect the company at all.Does anyone have any thoughts?" 
"Not at all, but, [have a question for you, Mr.Hayes.With such arrangements, are you planning to let lan work in Hayes Corporation in the future?" 
One of the shareholders could not help but ask. 
All of the shareholders knew Sebastian's position in Hayes Corporation. 
After all those years, Solomon had not retracted Sebastian's share of the company, meaning that Sebastian still had some say over how Hayes Corporation should run. 
Only, after Sebastian had reclaimed his identity as a Jadeson, he had stopped interfering with the Hayeses. 
One of the reasons Sebastian had done so was because he found it unfitting for him to continue leading the company since he was not the true heir of the Hayes family. 
Another reason was that he had too much on his plate and could no longer cope with such a workload. 
At that moment, however, Sebastian suddenly wanted his son to come to Hayes Corporation. 
The shareholders could not help but wonder if he was coming back to Hayes Corporation.
The thought stirred up two responses. 
Those who wanted Sebastian to return were naturally excited. 
Contrarily, those who thought Sebastian's return would get in their way were not happy at all. 
In their minds, Sebastian was a lot sharper than Solomon in both his tactics and brain. 
It would take a lot more effort to trick Sebastian. 
As a response, Sebastian merely swept the room casually with his gaze. 
After a few seconds, he answered nonchalantly, "I just want to train him.lan has been studying in a research institute all this while and had been isolated from society for too long.As for whether or not he wants to stay here after he graduates, that will be entirely his choice" 
After hearing Sebastian's answer, a few in the room let out a breath of relief.
###Chapter 1757
Chapter 1757
However, Sebastian pretended to be oblivious. 
After the meeting ended, he personally led lan back to Solomon's office and entrusted him to Luke. 
Sebastian replied, "Okay, but there's no need to go out of the way for him. 
He's here to learn and gain experience, so proceed according to the usual policies as you would for any other employee" 
lan did not say anything, feeling an inexplicable sense of nervousness after hearing Sebastian's instructions. 
Hence, lan officially joined Hayes Corporation that day. 
And as expected from his first day of work in a professional setting, he was clearly not used to it. 
Based on Luke's feedback Sebastian received after returning home from work, lan had spent the entire day at the operations department without taking the initiative to speak to anyone. 
He merely did as he was told and gave a brief reply when spoken to. 
Sasha's heart was filled with distress when she heard about it, and she asked worriedly, "What are we going to do about it?" 
On the contrary, Sebastian did not seem perturbed by the news.He sat at his desk and looked through some reports Luke had sent him while saying reassuringly, "You don't have to be so worried.He just returned from the base, so, naturally, it'd take some time for him to get acclimatized to working in such an environment.He'll get used to it after a while."
"But if he doesn't get along with the others in the office, won't it make him even more averse to such an environment?" 
Sasha responded, voicing her concerns. 
However, she fails to realize that lan is no longer the little boy she wanted to protect back then. 
At that time, he was young and needed his mother's protection to shield him.But now, lan is about to turn eighteen next year.He's all grown up. 
Hence, he's practically an adult and must learn to be independent. 
As parents, we won't always be there to protect him. 
Besides, a little hardship would be beneficial in his current situation. 
With that thought in mind, Sebastian paid no heed to lan. 
As for the latter, he was just as headstrong as Sebastian. 
Despite the grueling day he had had at work, lan did not utter a single word of complaint to Sebastian when he returned home that night. 
Three days later, the fifteenth of the month had passed, and it was time for Sebastian's university enrollment. 
Luke went to Caleb Somer, the director of Hayes Corporation's operational department. 
"Mr.Somer, Mr.lan will be leaving soon, so please make the arrangements for his subsequent work schedule." 
"Very well" Caleb answered.
He quickly instructed his secretary to draw up a work schedule and gave it to lan.He also assigned an extremely capable manager from the operational department to be responsible for working closely with lan. 
"Remember to stay in touch while you're at the university, Mr.lan.Once you're there, I'll assign you your first project." 
"Okay," 
lan was taciturn as he held the worksheet in his hand, but he still nodded.He left Avenport that same night, and it was only after arriving at the city where his university was located that he finally smiled. 
As reticent as he was, his eyes lit up as soon as he saw Susan and Timothy. 
"Aunt Susan..." he greeted. 
"Ah, you've finally arrived.We've already been here for two days.Let's go and get you registered, shall we?" said Susan, delighted to see him. 
After instructing Timothy to help carry lan’s suitcase, she took them to the university. 
Surprisingly, lan asked them a few questions about the university on their journey there. 
Timothy piped up, "Don't worry.Your faculty isn't that far from mine.I'll be able to look for you often, and we can hang out together" 
"That's right.Your father also called me earlier.You won't be staying in the dormitory.I've already found a place off-campus, and both of you will be living there together.Since it's not too far from campus, you can ride your bicycles to class” Susan added. 
"Sounds good” lan replied.
The uneasiness that had been in his eyes finally faded when he heard that, and he could not conceal the look of happiness that spread across his face as he agreed to her arrangement. 
Not many knew that one with a quiet and reserved personality was even more eager for love and warmth from the people around them as it offered them a sense of security. 
However, Sebastian had already considered that in his arrangements for lan. 
lan successfully enrolled at the university, and Timothy was the one who took him to the lecture hall on the first day of class. 
Everyone in the room turned toward lan when he appeared in the doorway with his backpack slung over his shoulder. 
He looked like a dashing young man who had just stepped out of a fairytale. 
His handsome face was so perfect that it was simply breathtaking, and due to his reserved nature, there was a brooding air about him. 
Like a dark and mysterious forest, he made one feel curious yet fearful to know what lay beneath his impenetrable facade. 
As soon as he appeared, everyone in the lecture hall fell silent for a few seconds. 
Fortunately, the lecturer happened to walk into the room just then. 
Noticing the other students staring at lan, he quickly said, "Everyone, allow me to introduce your new coursemate.His name is lan Hayes.Please give him a warm round of applause to welcome him." 
As loud applause filled the lecture hall, lan tensed up even more and stared at the other students stiffly. 
Suddenly, a clear and enthusiastic-sounding female voice rang out, inviting lan to sit with her.
"Since you're new, why don't you sit next to me? There's an empty seat here." 
lan turned to look in the direction of the voice…
###Chapter 1758
Chapter 1758
The person who spoke was a girl who looked quite adorable.Her hair was up in a bun, and she wore a short, pale yellow skirt.She beamed when she saw lan turn toward her, waving at him vigorously to join her. 
However, lan looked away at once.He did not wish to sit next to anyone. 
If it were possible, he would rather sit by himself. 
The lecturer had been wondering where to seat lan, so when he saw that, he quickly seized the opportunity and went with the flow. 
"In that case, why don't you sit with Zaylynn?" he suggested. 
Although lan furrowed his brows, he finally acquiesced. 
By the time he walked over to the empty seat, Zaylynn Neal had already wiped the seat clean and was waiting for him. 
"Sit here.I've already cleaned it for you." 
He nodded and sat down next to her. 
Seeing that, the other female students could not help sighing regretfully. 
They had thought he would keep his distance from others, not expecting him to be so obedient and comply with the lecturer's suggestion to sit with Zaylynn. 
While lan unzipped his backpack, Zaylynn asked, "This is the textbook we're using for this class.Since you've just enrolled, have you gotten your books yet? Do you want to borrow mine?"
She held out a textbook as she spoke. 
He looked up from rummaging through his backpack, his beautiful eyes framed by long eyelashes glancing at the book in her hand. 
Microeconomics? I didn't bring that book, but I can do without it for one class. 
Taking out a pen and a brand new notebook, he placed them neatly on the table. 
Then, he shifted his indifferent gaze toward the front of the lecture hall. 
Zaylynn stared at him wordlessly.He really is cold and aloof. 
Although she felt a little embarrassed as she withdrew her hand, she quickly recovered as if nothing had happened due to her cheerful and optimistic disposition. 
Whenever she noticed lan furrow his brows at something the lecturer was saying during the class, she would explain it to him kindly and patiently. 
I heard this he's only seventeen years old.He hasn't even celebrated his eighteenth birthday yet. 
Based on the university's usual age requirements for admission, he'd still be in high school. 
But seeing as how he suddenly came here to study, I can't help wondering whether something happened before this. 
With that thought in mind, she became even more attentive toward him. 
When the class was finally over, the other students started getting to their feet and leaving. 
But even as Zaylynn watched the others exiting the lecture hall, she showed no intention of leaving.
Instead, she turned toward lan, who was still seated next to her, and took the initiative to speak to him again. 
"Since this is your first day here, would you like me to give you a little introduction to our course's classes and schedules?" 
lan tilted his head and looked at her, then finally replied, "Okay." 
Indeed, that was what he needed. 
I've never studied in a formal educational setting, so I need someone to explain things to me so that I can better understand my classes and schedule. 
He waited for her to start explaining, but to his surprise, she took out her smartphone when she heard him agree to let her help him. 
With her WhatsApp open on her phone, she said, "Let's exchange numbers.I'll send you the class schedule" 
A hint of disgust shot through lan's heart instantly. 
He hated it when others tried to get close to him, especially in such a blatantly obvious manner. 
Hence, he grabbed his backpack and stood up with a darkened expression. 
Just as lan was about to leave, a young man appeared at the door to the lecture hall. 
When he saw lan, he quickly asked in a kindly tone, "Are you the new student, lan Hayes? I'm Jacques, the student council secretary.One of our lecturers wanted me to help you get familiarized with the Faculty of Finance.Do you have some time now?"
lan was silent for a moment before nodding. 
"Yes." Jacques smiled. 
"All right, then.Let's go.Zaylynn, what are you still doing here? You still have a class after this.Don't be late" 
Jacques reminded Zaylynn as he was about to leave with lan. 
Annoyed by his words, her round face flushed. 
What's up with this new guy? He's unwilling to let a girl show him around? He only wants some bigshot to do it? Furious, she left the lecture hall in a huff. 
Thanks to Jacques’ careful explanation, lan finally had a good idea of what he had to do during his time at the university and how to schedule his time. 
As they toured the faculty building, Jacques suddenly asked, "I heard from our lecturer that you didn't attend high school.Is that true?" 
lan murmured an acknowledgement. 
"Oh, my! Then you're—" 
Jacques began. 
"I had some health issues, so my parents had a teacher come to the house to teach me" lan replied, making up an excuse on the spot.
###Chapter 1759
Chapter 1759
The base is classified as one of the country's top secrets, so there's no way I can reveal anything.I'm also sure Dad didn't explain the actual situation to the lecturers when he decided to let me enroll here. 
Meanwhile, realization dawned on Jacques after hearing lan's response.I see. 
He has been studying on his own. 
No wonder the lecturer asked me to take good care of this new student, worrying that he wouldn't have a good grasp of the basics and would fall behind in class. 
Subsequently, Jacques became even more welcoming toward lan.He even asked one of the Faculty of Finance's top students to help guide lan.He led a girl over to lan, then said as he gestured toward her, "lan, this is Yasmin Snow. 
She's one of our faculty's top students. 
Seeing that you've just enrolled, I think it'd be a good idea to have her guide you for the time being." 
Yasmin Snow? lan cast her a nonchalant glance.She's rather beautiful. 
However, she seems just as cold and aloof as me. 
Even though Yasmin stood before lan, she merely looked at him with an impassive expression and nodded curtly without saying anything. 
Since she was so cold toward him, it was even more unlikely that lan would attempt to converse with her.
They entered the lecture hall together, but despite sitting next to each other, they did not interact at all throughout the entire duration of the class.It was only toward the end of the class that she cast a sidelong glance at him. 
Neither of them said a word...He has been fixing his eyes on the lecturer the whole time, never seeming to turn his attention elsewhere. 
She had also noticed a slight frown marring his handsome features from time to time, and she guessed it was because he had not understood something the lecturer had said. 
Nonetheless, he made no move to ask Yasmin anything. 
Instead, he picked up his pen and quickly jotted down notes in his new notebook.She watched as his pen moved purposefully across the page with a flourish, and his handwriting was as beautiful as his looks. 
Yasmin quietly withdrew her gaze. 
Five minutes before class ended, she finally broke the silence. 
"If there's anything you don't understand, you can ask me." 
lan did not respond immediately.He had been twirling his pen between his long, slender fingers.However, he paused his movements for a moment, then murmured an acknowledgment. 
Yasmin frowned again. 
What's with that attitude? She could not help feeling a little irked by his behavior. 
Known as the ice queen of the Faculty of Finance, she was recognized for her beauty and academic excellence.
Hence, many of the male students in their faculty would always seek to win her favor. 
However, lan did not seem bothered to pay her the slightest attention at all. 
After class, Yasmin hugged her books to her chest and left without a word. 
As for lan, he glanced at his watch and realized that he did not have any other classes that morning. 
Hence, he left the lecture hall and went to the Faculty of Business Administration to look for Susan. 
Halfway there, he bumped into Susan, who was on his way to look for him. 
She ran over happily as soon as she spotted him and asked, "lan, is your class over? How was it? Have you been able to settle in?" 
lan's handsome face finally broke into a slight smile when he saw a familiar face. 
"Mmm, it's going okay.Have you just finished your class?" 
"Yes.Let's go and grab a bite, then.Your father told me you're also handling some work at the company while studying.Is that right?" she asked in a caring tone. 
He nodded. 
"Yes.He said he'd assign me a project." Susan replied, "Okay.Let's hurry up and get something to eat.I've checked your class schedule.You only have one class later this afternoon.We can head to the library after eating, and you can work there.No one will disturb you there." 
She was truly meticulous to a fault, thinking of everything and making the necessary arrangements for lan after Sebastian spoke to her.
As such, lan felt comfortable with following her arrangements. 
Two of them walked toward the cafeteria. 
Knowing that lan had been waited on hand and foot since he was little and would not be used to the usual cafeteria fare, she had arranged for the cafeteria staff to prepare some other dishes just for him. 
She went to get the food when they arrived at the cafeteria and carried it over to him. 
"Look.Here's the food I asked them to prepare for you.I think you'll like it, Susan said as she set the dishes before him.Of course, she had also specially prepared a set of plates and cutlery for his use.Pressing his lips into a smile, lan lowered his head and picked up the fork.Suddenly, some of the students in the cafeteria caught sight of lan and Susan as they ate. 
"Oh my goodness! Isn't that...the new guy from our faculty? Why is he sitting with a girl? Also...Was he smiling just now?" they exclaimed. 
One of the students who had noticed them was a girl with a bun. 
They're right.lan was actually smiling. 
From the minute he stepped into class earlier, he wore an icy expression as if enveloped in layers of frost. 
I tried to get close to him several times, but that expression never changed. 
It was also the same when our faculty's ice queen sat next to him. 
So, what's so special about that girl? Why did he let her sit and eat with him? Why did he smile at her? Zaylynn was the beloved daughter of the Neal family and was used to being the center of attention.
As resentment bubbled within her, she stepped out of the queue with a plate still in her hands, then stormed straight toward lan and Susan.
###Chapter 1760
Chapter 1760
"lan, you're here for lunch too? What a coincidence! Can I sit with you?" 
lan continued with his lunch without uttering a single word. 
However, his gazes grew dark, a clear tell-tale that fury was surging within the boy, and he was nearly about to explode in anger. 
Fortunately, Susan was around. 
Upon seeing Zaylynn's abrupt appearance, the former hurriedly spoke before the young man lost his temper. 
"You're lan's classmate? Of course, you can.Come on, take a seat beside me" 
She then quickly gestured Zaylynn to the empty spot and ordered some more food for her. 
After all, lan would never allow strangers to sit beside him, and neither would he let anyone touch his food. 
That was why even Susan had to have her own plate of food. 
Luckily, with those arrangements, she successfully suppressed lan's burning rage, at least for the time being. 
At this point, Zaylynn seemed a little stunned. 
This girl... 
Why is she...
"What is it? Do you not like it?*” 
"N-No...I just thought you two seem to know each other.Isn't today his first day here in our school? You..." 
Zaylynn eventually asked after some hesitation. 
"Me? Don't get the wrong idea.I'm his aunt.It's his first day in school.I was afraid he wouldn't get used to it, so I decided to accompany him for lunch." 
Susan let out a chuckle before explaining. 
Since they were both females, it was no doubt she could tell the girl's intention after seeing her expression.She had always known that her nephew was an exceptionally outstanding boy; therefore, it was more than normal that he would attract the opposite gender. 
Besides, Sebastian had also told her the purpose for sending lan to the university was to make sure he could blend into society better. 
Since that was so, why would she push others away when they were getting closer with lan? And as expected, that adorable face instantly brightened upon hearing that explanation. 
"Oh, I see.There's no need to worry, Susan.You can leave this to me.I was the one who helped him through the first class this morning." 
"Really?" 
Susan was amused when she heard Zaylynn's words. 
However, she was still glad to know that lan had made a friend who would enthusiastically offer to help him on his first day of school.She was certain Sebastian would be delighted if he heard about it.
Susan even thought about having a good chat with Zaylynn. 
However, at the sight of the situation, lan threw his fork on the table, grabbed his backpack, and strode away. 
The two young ladies were stunned. 
Shortly after, lan found his way to the school library. 
University students usually would have a lot of free time throughout the day. 
There were only a few lessons a day, and for the rest of the time, students had to depend on themselves for self-revision. 
The hardworking ones would do their studying either at the library or in self-study rooms. 
And those who had no interest in studying would spend their time playing games and slacked off. 
In the spacious library that was three levels high in the university, lan saw that there was quite a crowd. 
The desks inside were almost all occupied. 
Without other choices, he could only head deeper inside, and in the end, he found an empty spot by the window on the third floor.It was just that another student was sitting opposite that empty seat. 
"It's you?" 
The girl lifted her head in the middle of her revision and saw him approaching. 
A rare flash of surprise flickered across that stunning yet frosty face of hers.It was none other than Yasmin.
Nevertheless, she realized in the next instant that it was almost as if lan did not see her presence—all that he did was pull out his laptop from his backpack and began studying diligently after settling himself down. 
Yasmin was rendered speechless by his aloofness. 
Hah, putting on a pretense, huh? A mocking smirk flashed across her face as she resumed her revision. 
The second time she was distracted from her studies was when lan suddenly stood up and walked toward the bookshelves after staring at the screens with his brows scrunched up. 
What is he doing? Puzzlement overwhelmed Yasmin. 
But since she was never interested in poking her nose in others' business, she merely lowered her head and continued studying. 
All was fine until a video call ringtone resonated through the venue from the laptop opposite her. 
The ringing was especially blaring in the noiseless library. 
Yasmin frowned and turned in the direction of the bookshelves, yet did not manage to spot lan's silhouette. 
On the contrary, because of the noise from the laptop, many students shifted their gazes toward her, feeling annoyed. 
Pissed off, Yasmin stood up and walked over with her teeth clenched, and just as she expected, someone was giving lan a video call.
She was about to help him decline the call, but to her surprise, she saw on a closer look that the saved caller ID of the caller was "Caled Somer, operational department director". 
Yasmin paused momentarily. 
"What are you doing? Who says you can touch my laptop?" 
A sharp and grim voice suddenly sounded from above her head. 
Yasmin's face fell at once. 
Lifting her head, she saw a handsome face ashen with anger, and on that face was a pair of insidious- looking eyes fixed on her. 
He was giving off a terrifyingly menacing vibe that anyone could sense his wrath from miles away.
###Chapter 1761
Chapter 1761
Yasmin had never felt so embarrassed before. 
With lan's unrelenting reprimands, topped off with the astonished looks of the crowd in the library, all she wanted to do at the moment was to find a hole to crawl and hide.I only took a glance at his laptop. 
Is there a need for him to have such a reaction? She grew frustrated. 
"I didn't touch your laptop.It's just that someone gave you a video call, and it's affecting the other students here.That's why I wanted to turn it off for you." 
"You could've just shut the laptop!" 
lan, whose rage was still burning, retorted. 
At once, the library fell into a deafening silence. 
Yeah, that's true. 
She could've just shut the laptop if it was noisy. 
Why fiddle with something that doesn't belong to her? Is that girl dumb? Or is she trying to invade his privacy? The crowd threw their stares toward Yasmin again.Her face turned scarlet as anger consumed her. 
Without uttering another word, she clenched her fists tightly as she glared at lan, then returned to her desk, packed her stuff, and hurried out of the library. 
Very well.
Remember what you did, lan! Nonetheless, lan could not care less about how the situation had turned out. 
That afternoon, after finding some finance-related books, he accepted a project by the Hayes Corporation on his laptop. 
Coincidentally, or perhaps not, that project was in the same city. 
Caleb: Mr.lan, According to observations, developments are still possible for that building.So, other than clinching the deal, you have to think about its development plans.Is there any problem for you? 
lan: It's fine.He merely responded with two words as he stared intently at the map of the commercial district surrounding the building that Caleb had sent over. 
Caleb: All right.If there are any other matters, feel free to contact me.Also, I've arranged for Ms.Myers and the others to assist you in work. 
lan: Mm-hmm. 
After adding the contacts of his new assistants, he left the library as he realized it was time for his afternoon class. 
That class was a foundation course. 
In fact, lan did not have to bother himself about attending such classes. 
But that afternoon, when he entered the lecture hall, he noticed that everyone had sat together even though it was not a huge crowd. 
After he entered, he noticed the empty seats at the back. 
"You're saying that guy scolded our ice queen at the library?"
"Yeah, everyone at the library saw it.How can anyone not know who the ice queen is? She's our goddess, someone who is so precious to us.And him? He's just a new transfer student.What right does he have to do that?" 
"Exactly!" 
When the crowd saw lan making his way in, they immediately gave him a pointed glare and deliberately displayed an enraged expression. 
Nonetheless, lan walked to the empty seats with his backpack, paying no attention to their behavior.And he was perfectly contented with that. 
"Look; he's really sitting there all by his own," 
"Yeah, don't you guys think he's a weird dude? He never talks, and neither does he mingle with us.Perhaps there's something wrong with him?" 
"Transfer students like him most likely have some problems.I observed him during the two classes this morning, and I noticed that he doesn't even know what lessons are supposed to be like." 
Hearing the comment someone made, everyone immediately turned to lan again and shot him their mocking-filled gazes. 
"What are you guys saying? Don't spout nonsense.I'm warning you!" 
Right then, a round-face girl, with her hair tied up in a bun, trotted into the lecture hall. 
Hearing the intense chatters among the crowd gossiping about lan, she knitted her brows and chastised them.It was Zaylynn. 
The group dared not say another word upon seeing her presence.
Following that, she cheerily carried her backpack and walked up to lan. 
"lan, you're here.Look what I've brought for you.Your aunt and I made a trip to the supermarket at noon, and this is what she got for you." 
Instead of taking her books out, she passed the box she was holding onto in her hands as soon as she sat down.It was a box of cake, or more specifically, lan's favorite chocolate lamingtons. 
Since lan did not finish the spaghetti during lunch earlier, Susan was worried he would get hungry and, hence decided to go to the supermarket to buy him the cake. 
Hearing that it was from his aunt, his grim expression turned slightly better as he took the cake over. 
Of course, Zaylynn was overjoyed. 
Not long after, the professor arrived. 
Earlier that day, Zaylynn had sounded Susan out regarding lan's interests.She also learned that the thing he hated most was getting interrupted while doing something. 
As such, she sat through the entire class quietly, without making any noises while beside him.But just as things seemed fine, troubles came. 
"Everyone, this question is slightly more complicated.I wonder if you guys grasp what I've explained? Do raise your doubts if anything is boggling your mind." 
"Sir, I think you should ask the new transfer student, lan, to see if there's anything he is unclear of"
###Chapter 1762
Chapter 1762
All of a sudden, someone within that group mentioned lan again. 
And with that, a commotion broke out within the class, asking for their professor to show more "care and concern" for the new student. 
The teacher had no choice but to turn to lan. 
"Then...lan, do you understand this question?" 
Within seconds, everyone averted their gazes on him. 
A contemptuous expression was apparent on their faces, an obvious sign that they were all waiting to watch a show. 
Indeed. 
They were waiting to watch lan make a fool out of himself. 
Other than his words and actions that seemed out of the normal, the fact that the gorgeous beauties of their faculty—Zaylynn and Yasmin— had all got close to him after his arrival naturally made them feel even more uncomfortable about it. 
"Sir, lan—" 
"I understand," 
Little did anyone expect that even before Zaylynn could finish her words, lan cut her off and nodded his head as he stared expressionlessly at the professor standing right in front.
The professor put on a satisfied smile. 
"That's great.Then—" 
"Sir, how about we get lan to demonstrate? We're still a little confused about it, to be very honest.By getting lan up, you can point out and clarify the mistakes he makes." 
"T This..” 
That put the professor in a tight spot. 
While he was still in a dilemma, lan stood up and walked to the front.His black eyes remained blank and glacial, and his statuesque face still carried his usual nonchalance. 
Arriving at the podium, he uttered, "Give me the chalk" 
"O-Oh, sure." 
The professor apparently had yet to pick up what was going on but went ahead to pass him the chalk.Under the crowd's bewildered gazes, lan began penning down notes on the blackboard as he elaborated.It had taken him two minutes. 
Only two minutes! That question, without a doubt, was a challenging one for an average year one student. 
Yet, he had written out the perfect explanation with his slender fingers. 
"All right.There are two points that you didn't illustrate clearly enough earlier, but I've corrected them for you." 
lan passed the chalk back to the professor.
The professor was dumbfounded. 
Similarly, the students in the seating area gaped at the scenario, leaving the whole lecture hall to fall dead silent.H-He actually corrected the professor? Oh my gosh. 
Did we hear wrongly? T-There's...nothing wrong with that fellow? Everyone felt like they were given a hard slap in the face. 
With that, no one dared to make another comment about lan for the rest of the class. 
As for that professor, he immediately returned to the office to look for the dean as soon as class concluded. 
"Sir, didn't you mention that the new transfer student in the Faculty of Finance has never attended high school? But how did he manage to solve a university question that easily? H-He even pointed my mistake out" 
The professor's face grew red in embarrassment. 
In truth, that was the first time a student corrected him throughout his entire teaching career. 
The dean regarded him with an icy cold gaze. 
"What's so strange about that? Do you mean that a person who hasn't studied at a high school is incompetent?" 
"Do you know what's his relationship with Susan Jadeson from the Faculty of Business Administration?" the dean suddenly asked. 
The professor was momentarily stunned.
Susan Jadeson? Isn't she one of the two students that our school is putting extra focus on? Together with her brother, Timothy Jadeson! 
"Uhm...what?" 
"He calls her ‘Aunt Susan’. 
Now, go and figure it out yourself. 
Decide what kind of attitude you want to show toward that child again after you've thought it through." 
The dean picked up a lesson plan on the desk and shoved it in the professor's hand. 
The latter froze in shock. 
When he finally came to realization, he widened his eyes. 
At the same time, his unhappiness toward lan for correcting his mistake dissipated. 
That's right. 
What is there not to understand? As the descendant of the Jadesons, it's no wonder he can point out my mistake. 
With that, he merrily headed back for lessons. 
Meanwhile, lan was preparing to head home after classes. 
He had planned to return home early since he would be meeting Yvonne and the others at his apartment to discuss the project. 
"lan, where are you going? Heading back home? Shall I give you a ride back?"
A voice called him from behind as soon as he strode out of the building. 
Several seconds later, Zaylynn popped out and warmly asked if he wanted her to send him back home. 
The Neal family was relatively wealthy and could be considered one of the prominent families in the city. 
Needless to say, Zaylynn had a private chauffeur who would send her to and fro school daily. 
Because of that, many in the Faculty of Finance tried to suck up to her. 
Sadly, she had been completely disregarded on that particular day. 
Walking up to the bike-sharing zone, lan fished out his phone and read through the instruction manual Susan sent him. 
Next, he scanned to make his payment and rode off on a bicycle. 
That entire scene left Zaylynn seething with anger. 
"Zaylynn, he's ignoring you again? He has gone too far! What's so good about that useless bicycle? He's really blind to how lucky he is!" 
"He probably has been too used to being poor.That's why he doesn't know how nice it is to have a luxury car send him home since he has never been on it before" 
Two other girls came running up to Zaylynn and began grumbling beside her.
###Chapter 1763
Chapter 1763
Although Zaylynn was still mad at lan at the time, she turned around and glared at the two girls upon hearing that. 
"Who are you two calling ungrateful, huh? Who I offer a ride to is none of your business! His family's financial status has nothing to do with either of you!" she shouted angrily. 
The two girls then quickly left in the cars of their respective drivers after that. 
lan was cycling rather slowly as he wasn't too familiar with bicycles. 
Unlike Matteo, who was a lot more physically active, lan had gotten used to being driven around by their family's chauffeur. 
Beep! Beep! Suddenly, a honking sound could be heard from behind him. 
Startled by the sudden noise, lan lost control of the bicycle’s handlebars and fell down after crashing into a pole. 
"Ugh..." 
The pain was so intense that he broke out in a cold sweat on the spot. 
Fortunately for him, he happened to fall down behind a corner of the university, so no one was there to see it.He then quickly got back on his feet and tried to carry on cycling, but a sharp pain tore through his ankle before he could take a step forward.He was about to give Timothy a call to ask if he had come out when another cyclist passed by and saw his little accident. 
Screech! The brakes made a loud screeching noise as the bicycle came to a halt next to him.
"What happened to you?" 
A cold female voice echoed throughout the quiet corner, making the situation even more awkward than before. 
lan looked up in response, but quickly turned his head when he saw that it was Yasmin.He then pulled out his smartphone and began dialing a number instead. 
Yasmin went livid with rage when she saw him ignore her act of kindness and rode off angrily. 
"Are you still in class right now? Oh...Okay, carry on, then.I'll figure something out on my own." 
The disappointment in lan's voice was clear as day when he hung up the phone. 
Upon hearing that, Yasmin instinctively slammed on the brakes and turned around to check on him. 
What the... 
Is he actually planning on walking? Has he lost his mind or something? Where is he going? The nearest bus station is a few miles away! Why doesn't he call for a cab instead? Despite still being mad at him, Yasmin doubled back and stopped her bicycle next to him anyway. 
"Where are you headed?" 
"That's none of your business." 
lan was probably better off keeping his mouth shut, because Yasmin nearly exploded with anger when she heard that. 
She had never experienced such strong emotions until she entered this university.
"As much as I'd love to just up and leave, the student council secretary did task me with looking after you, so it is my responsibility to ensure your safety.Wait here while I hail you a cab?" 
Yasmin replied as she got off the bicycle and pulled out her smartphone. 
Huh? I can hail a cab here? lan narrowed his eyes at the thought of that. 
Because he had always depended on his family's chauffeur to drive him around, he knew nothing about hailing cabs using smartphones at all. 
After successfully hailing him a cab, Yasmin shifted her gaze back toward lan and saw him standing on one leg while reading a white notebook. 
Yasmin recognized that notebook as she had seen him taking notes with it in class earlier. 
Huh? Going through his notes at a time like this? Is he really that hardworking? She thought to herself with a sneer and looked the other way. 
About ten minutes later, the cab that Yasmin hailed finally arrived. 
"All right, stop studying.Your ride is here," she reminded him patiently. 
lan looked up and saw a car pulling up in front of them. 
"Thanks," he said as he got into the car. 
What? Did he just thank me after practically ignoring my presence the whole time? I don't understand his behavior at all! Yasmin thought to herself. 
Had she known how Ian's mind worked, she probably would've understood why he behaved that way toward her.
The truth was, lan viewed every incident separately. 
Although he was mad at her for looking at his computer earlier, her helping to hail a cab in his time of need was a completely separate and unrelated matter. 
As such, he felt it was perfectly reasonable to thank her for it. 
Yvonne and the others were already waiting at the house by the time lan got home, and they were all shocked when they saw him limping through the front door. 
"What happened to you, Mr.lan? Are you all right? What's wrong with your leg?" 
lan brushed it off casually by replying, "I'm fine.I just fell down on the way home, that's all" 
With the first aid kit that he had bought from the pharmacy downstairs, lan began treating his wound inside his room.
###Chapter 1764
Chapter 1764
Being a medical practitioner, Sasha had taught them a lot about first aid throughout the years. 
As such, lan was able to get his wound treated fairly quickly all by himself. 
Yvonne, who had been waiting for him outside, asked worriedly when she saw him come out of the room at last, "Mr.lan, are you sure you don't need to get this treated at a hospital?" 
"That won't be necessary.Now, let's get down to business," lan replied as he sat down at the table with his laptop. 
The employees that came over to help him out knew better than to say anything further as they joined him at the table. 
"Mr.lan, what happened is—" 
lan, who was still staring at his laptop, cut her off by saying, "You can drop the formalities.From here on, just call me ‘lan." 
The employees froze in surprise for a brief moment before smiling again. 
"Right, of course.Let us get down to business, then.We've conducted a field study on this project two days ago.We spoke to the person in charge as well, but he raised the price the moment he found out that we're from Hayes Corporation." 
"How much?" lan asked coldly without even looking away from his laptop. 
Yvonne held up two fingers as she replied, "He's asking for an additional twenty million on top of the original price"
Twenty million? Heh...lan had an icy-cold look in his eyes as he said, "In that case, let him continue to try and sell it.See if he can find another buyer willing to pay that much for it." 
"But..." 
Yvonne fell speechless upon hearing that. 
Another employee from the operational department protested anxiously, "That building is located in a very strategic spot! Someone else will snag it if we don't make our move in time!" 
"Why are you being so desperate? They're raising the price ridiculously high precisely because they saw your desperation.Given Hayes Corporation's reputation, no one would dare compete with us if you put word out about this.Besides, if the location really is that great, our company is perfectly capable of setting up another commercial district next to it" 
Although lan had only joined the company not long ago, his words had hit the nail on the head and shocked the employees to the core. 
That level of brilliance and charisma...He's practically a miniature version of Sebastian Hayes! The apple really doesn't fall far from the tree! The meeting was ended shortly after, and the employees made their way out of the house. 
As everyone was preparing to leave in the car, Yvonne texted someone while nobody was looking. 
Yvonne: Mission failed.This kid saw right through our plans. 
Anonymous: What do you mean? Didn't he just join the company not long ago? 
Yvonne: Yes, but he just told us to ignore the price offered.Said he'd just build another commercial district next to it if someone else purchases the building.
Anonymous: D*mn it! That was the last message Yvonne received from the anonymous person she was texting.lan wasn't able to sleep well that night due to the pain in his leg. 
Susan came over with breakfast very early the next morning after finding out about it from her brother. 
"What happened to you, lan? Are you all right? I'm so sorry I wasn't able to send you home last night! Come on, show me the wound! How is it?" 
She was so worried about him that she ran straight to his bedroom with her backpack still on. 
lan was still in bed at the time, so he hid under the blanket out of awkwardness when he saw her coming in. 
"I'm fine, Aunt Susan..." 
Timothy had just gotten out of bed in the room next to lan’s when he heard how worried Susan was. 
"It's just a sprained ankle, that's all.I've already treated it yesterday, so he'll be fine?" he explained casually. 
Those words had barely left his mouth when Susan smacked him hard on the back of his head. 
"I'm surprised you've got the cheek to word it so casually! Why didn't you tell me about this sooner? Don't you know that we're his only family around here?" 
Susan did not hold back at all when it came to lecturing her younger brother. 
In the end, all Timothy could do was run off to fetch some ointment while Susan began examining lan's ankle.
The injury was actually quite severe, and the poor blood circulation due to lan's lack of exercise caused the swelling to worsen overnight. 
"lan, how about you take a day off from school? Get some rest at home, and I'll take you to a hospital afterward," Susan suggested.
###Chapter 1765
Chapter 1765
"I'll be fine.I don't think it's a good idea to be absent so soon after the classes have started," 
lan turned her suggestion down immediately. 
Even so, the two of them brought him to a hospital anyway before dropping him off on campus. 
Despite lan asking them to keep his injury a secret from his parents, Sebastian and Sasha managed to find out about it somehow. 
Sasha had heard about it from someone else very early in the morning. 
Sebastian was watering the plants on the balcony when she came in with Yoel in her arms and asked, "Sebby, I heard lan got hurt yesterday.Is that true?" 
"Yeah, it's just a minor injury.Don't worry about it," Sebastian replied with a nod. 
"I see...That's good to hear.By the way, how is he doing in university? Has he gotten used to it yet?" 
Sasha pressed on anxiously when she saw how calm he was.She had called lan to ask how he was doing throughout the past few days, but he would always brush her concerns off casually and only told her what she wanted to hear. 
Sasha probably wouldn't even know about his injury had she not asked Karl directly this time. 
Sebastian still had that same calm expression as he continued watering the plants. 
There was a gentle look in his eyes as he glanced at the flowers that were blooming under the morning sun.
"He's doing all right" he replied with a smile. 
That's right, we are always "all right". 
Life is never going to be smooth sailing all the time.We're always going to face challenges and obstacles along the way. 
Only by experiencing the ups and downs of life will he truly be able to grow and mature as a person. 
Feeling relieved when she saw how relaxed he was about it all, Sasha carried Yoel downstairs. 
"He'll be going to school with you today, Nina.Make sure you take good care of him, okay?" 
Nina, who was seven years old, was sitting in the living room with Jeffrey, who would soon turn six. 
They were both waiting for Yoel to come downstairs. 
It was a decision that Sasha and Sebastian made after discussing it and giving Solomon a call. 
After bringing Ichika to Jetroina, Solomon found out that one of the twins that she was pregnant with suffered from hemolytic disease of the newborn (HDN). 
Since HDN was extremely dangerous to both the mother and her baby, Haruto suggested for her to abort the child. 
However, Ichika burst out crying when she heard that and refused to abort her child no matter what. 
Left with no other choice, Solomon tried asking Haruto if they could try to save both of them instead. 
As it would be an extremely long process, they arranged for Yoel to attend a kindergarten here.
Nina had been keeping her distance from everyone ever since she got here, but she walked up to Yoel and took his hand as she said, "Okay!" 
Being the obedient kid that he was, Yoel didn't to it and simply let her hold on to his hand. 
Feeling relieved, Sasha then had the housemaid send the kids to school and prepared herself for work. 
She was planning on visiting a few factories owned by the Jadesons, but someone showed up outside Oceanic Estate all of a sudden. 
"Are you about to head out, Mrs.Jadeson?" 
"Riley? Come on in! Have you had breakfast yet?" Sasha asked as she welcomed her into the house. 
"I got a call from my brother this morning, Mrs.Jadeson.He told me that Tillie's father has regained consciousness after the successful surgery in Moranta, and that he intends on having Mr.Zander return for his recuperation.However, most airlines refuse to accept Passengers who have yet to be discharged due to how risky it is, so..." Riley replied anxiously as she entered through the door. 
Although she held herself back from completing her sentence at the end, Sasha was smart enough to understand what she meant. 
"No worries, I'll have Sebastian make the arrangements to bring them over.By the way, how is Tillie? Did she get herself examined by the doctor there?" she asked. 
Riley's expression turned gloomy the moment she heard that. 
"No, she didn't.Edmund tried suggesting it to her, but she strongly refused to do so.Said she didn't want her dad to find out about it right after completing his surgery.The two of them haven't been speaking to each other for the past few days."
"What?" 
While it is perfectly normal for Tillie to think that way, that shouldn't be an issue now that Edmund has found out about it.I mean, the two of them could just keep it her medical examination a secret from her parents! Why would she refuse to see a doctor? I have a bad feeling about this... 
Sasha frowned at the thought of that. 
###Chapter 1766
Chapter 1766
"Riley, did you ask the doctor about her condition when you looked it up at the hospital the other day? What did the doctor say?" 
"I did.The doctor told me that her cancer has reached the late stage." 
Riley's mood worsened even more when she said that. 
Late stage, huh... 
Despite how advanced technology is these days, liver cancer is usually fatal by the time it is detected... 
Sasha didn't know what to say all of a sudden. 
Regardless, she still wanted to try and treat Tillie as she didn't want her to die like this after hanging on for five long years. 
Having made up her mind, Sasha sent her a text that day: Tillie, I've heard about your condition. 
Since I practice TCM, I would like to ask if you're interested in trying out acupuncture. 
After about four to five minutes of waiting, Sasha saw Tillie start to type a message in response, but she didn't receive anything. 
Little did she know, Tillie was undergoing an overwhelming surge of emotions and mixed feelings at the time.It felt like she had found a ray of light at the end of a dark tunnel, and she felt like her dead heart had come back to life all of a sudden. 
It was such a complex feeling that she couldn't describe it at all, and she was trembling all over as she eventually replied: What do you mean? Sasha: You know how the hospital said my husband was
beyond treatment back then? Well, I managed to save him in the end. 
So, I thought maybe you could give it a shot as well. 
Tillie: ... 
Sasha: By the way, I've noticed something off about your condition long ago. 
Riley only looked up your medical record because I told her about it. 
Unlike modern medicine, TCM relies on careful observation and monitoring of your physical signs. 
Given the current stage you're at, why not let me have a shot at treating you? Fearing that Tillie would refuse her offer, Sasha even went as far as mentioning that she was the one whe first noticed Tillie's condition. 
Tillie was so overjoyed when she read Sasha's message that she fell to her knees and burst out crying on the spot. 
To finally stumble upon a glimmer of hope after wandering about in despair for so long was a truly indescribable feeling for her. 
Edmund came rushing out of the doctor's office upon hearing the commotion, only to panic when he saw her crying in the corridor. 
"What's wrong? Are you feeling unwell?" he asked anxiously as he thought her illness was kicking in again. 
In fact, her medical condition was exactly what he had been discussing with the doctor just now.He was even considering knocking her out and treating her by force if she refused to cooperate.
To his surprise, Tillie then looked up at him with her tear-filled eyes and stammered while sobbing, "M- Mrs.Jadeson said she's going to treat me..." 
"What?" 
Edmund was just as shocked when he heard that. 
Eventually, the two of them agreed to let Sasha try treating her. 
Feeling a lot better after making up her mind, Tillie was finally able to put a smile on her pale face, much to Edmund's relief. 
After taking care of the discharge procedure for his father-in-law, they boarded a private jet that Sebastian had arranged for them and flew back from Moranta. 
"I want you to stop worrying about stuff in the family when we get back, okay? All you have to do is just focus on Sasha's treatment," 
Edmund whispered in Tillie’s ear when her parents were asleep on the flight. 
Tillie, who was peeling an apple at the time, froze upon hearing that. 
Although she didn't say anything in response, her eyes began tearing up once again. 
"Also, I will kick both Alice and Violet stay out of the Cooper residence.You won't see them anymore by the time you get back," Edmund added. 
Tillie looked up at him after a brief pause and asked, "A-Are you sure about that? I mean, they're your sisters." 
Edmund felt his anger burning up when he heard what she said.
"That way of thinking is precisely why they keep taking advantage of you.You've served them more than enough over the years, don't you think?" 
Honestly, the one thing I dislike the most about Tillie is her excessively weak and submissive behavior! Alice and Violet have been parasites in the Cooper family for so many years now, and yet Tillie continues to put up with them. 
Why would she do that? Doesn't she know that she needs to stand her ground and be firm when dealing with such people?
###Chapter 1767
Chapter 1767
Tillie didn't say anything further and eventually fell asleep on the flight.It was already evening by the time they landed in Jadeborough. 
Riley had been waiting there for them quite a while ago.She quickly ran forward to greet them the moment she saw them get off the plane. 
"Are you all right, Tillie? How is Mr.Zander?" 
Riley was the main reason the Coopers were able to find out about Tillie's condition and convince Edmund to go look for her overseas. 
Because of that, Edmund was incredibly grateful toward her. 
"He's fine.All we have to do is get him to a hospital." 
"No problem.I've already contacted the hospital and made the arrangements for his ward, so we can bring him over right away!" Riley replied while helping her with the suitcases. 
Tillie felt touched when she saw how well everything was taken care of. 
"Thank you, Riley! Thank you so much!" 
"Come on, there's no need to thank me! We're family, remember?" 
Riley said with a smile as she had someone send Tillie's father to the hospital. 
The housemaid at the Cooper residence had already prepared dinner by the time they got home. 
Although Gabriella was still around, Alice and Violet were nowhere to be found.
The Cooper residence looked so clean and tidy that Tillie's eyes lit up with joy when she glanced around her. 
After dinner, Riley waited for Tillie to take a shower before dragging Edmund into her room. 
"Edmund, now that Mrs.Jadeson has agreed to treat Tillie, you need to be more caring toward her and try to help out at home.No more fooling around outside all the time, got it?" she lectured him. 
"I'm not fooling around! I was running errands, okay?" 
Edmund denied her accusation instantly. 
Riley gave him a really hard smack on the shoulder upon hearing that. 
"Don't lie to me! I've taken a lot of time off work because of you two, so I need to head over to Yorksland in two days.You'd better not let my effort and sacrifices be in vain or I'll kick your a*s when I get back!" 
She used to be a lot more reserved with Edmund due to the awkward relationship between their parents, but she had gotten over it after so many years have passed. 
Knowing full well that Edmund would never retaliate if she hit him, Riley no longer hesitated to scold or hit him whenever he misbehaved. 
"Why are you leaving in such a hurry? Have you met up with Gavin Little?" he asked while rubbing his shoulder in pain. 
"Gavin who?" 
Riley shot him an angry glare as she continued, "You just mind your own business and stay out of mine, got it? Make sure you take good care of Tillie and her father.With Mrs.Jadeson's treatment, there
might still be hope for her." 
She then snorted coldly and stormed out of the room, leaving Edmund completely speechless as he watched her go. 
D*mn, she sure has gotten a lot fiercer lately! It's no wonder no one wants to date her! Meanwhile, Sasha had been going through countless medical books in Oceanic Estate after hearing about Tillie's return to the country. 
"Are you able to treat late stage cancer?" Sebastian asked. 
"I don't know, but I can try my best to.At least it's better than not doing anything at all, right?" Sasha replied honestly. 
Sebastian decided not to ask her any further and carried on reading some documents that Luke had sent him. 
Solomon is busy looking after Ichika right now, so he won't have the time to worry about such things.I'll just have to manage Hayes Corporation remotely in the meantime. 
After carefully going through the report, Sebastian realized something was amiss. 
Not only was there no sign of increment in the past few months, but the report had also been separated into many different parts. 
What the... 
Why is everything so messy? Since when has he become so incompetent? With that in mind, Sebastian grabbed his phone and gave his assistant a call. 
"Hello, Mr.Hayes.Is there something I can help you with?" Luke asked upon answering the phone.
"It's about the report you just sent me.Has it always been written like this?" 
Sebastian asked the moment he heard Luke's voice on the other line. 
"That's right, Mr.Hayes.Is something the matter?” Luke replied with a nod. 
For some reason, he felt a lot more nervous talking to Sebastian than he ever did with Solomon. 
"Why would you split it into so many different parts? Compile everything and send it back to me!" 
Sebastian scolded him angrily. 
"Y-Yes, Mr.Hayes!" 
Luke quickly agreed to his request without any hesitation. 
Even Sasha was a little taken aback by how fierce Sebastian sounded on the phone.She walked up to him after he hung up the phone and asked, "What's wrong? Is there a problem at the office?" 
"I don't know.The statistics in the report were broken down into many different parts.I have no idea how Solomon is managing them at all."
###Chapter 1768
Chapter 1768
With a dark look, Sebastian hovered his mouse over a document icon and clicked on it. 
Then, he waved Sasha over to have a look at the file. 
While she was at that, he got up and got a glass of water for himself. 
Sasha was a genius in finance. 
Sebastian believed that she could comprehend the issue with the document at just a glimpse without any explanation from him.She settled in front of the computer and analyzed the document's content. 
Five minutes later, she spotted some issues with it. 
"The person who created this was either bad at it or had messed it up on purpose.It was Just one piece of land.Yet the data submitted were split into auction, planning, construction.." 
Sasha's eyebrows burrowed at the numbers on the screen. 
The expression on Sebastian's face darkened even more at her analysis. 
However, it was too early to conclude as a further investigation still needed to be done. 
Thus, they didn't dwell on it and retired for the night. 
When the lights turned off, thoughts of her son began racing through Sasha's mind as she lay in Sebastian's embrace on the bed. 
"Oh, right.Wasn't lan in charge of a project in school? How did he do? Did the operational department submit their proposal with the data this time?"
"I haven't looked at it yet..." 
Sebastian answered absentmindedly, his hands busy caressing Sasha in the dark.His nonchalance annoyed Sasha. 
Can't he be serious about it? We're talking about our son here! However, he did not hear her silent complaint. 
Not long after, he found her lips with ease and kissed her. 
With a swift movement, he positioned her on top of him. 
"Darling, it finally ended.Can we do something different this time?" 
In the dark, passionate night, his excited whisper sounded in Sasha's ear. 
Do something different? What was that supposed to mean? That night, Sasha didn't get to sleep a wink. 
Their nightly activities kept her up until dusk. 
At eight sharp in the morning, Luke had just started another day at work in Avenport. 
He requested the summary report, which the employees had worked on for the whole night, and waited for Sebastian's summons. 
Two hours later when it was almost ten in the morning. 
Sebastian, who had gotten some release, was feeling much better than last night. 
When he flipped the documents and skimmed through the summary report, he didn't point out any mistakes.
"Follow this example next time" 
Luke answered, "Yes, Sir" 
Employees at Hayes Corporation finally got to heave a breath of relief. 
"Say, Mr.Zeyl.Why did Mr.Hayes request for the summary report overnight?" 
After the meeting among the board of directors ended, a couple of shareholders began chatting in the lounge. 
Winston replied, "Why else? Have all of you forgotten? He likes everything to be immaculate.We were used to detail management and had forgotten about Mr.Hayes’ habit after all these years with Solomon holding the reins" 
His explanation was arbitrary at best, but the other shareholders were relieved by it. 
Feeling assured, the other shareholders left the lounge. 
Winston left ten minutes later. 
The minute he reached the parking lot, he took out his phone and saw he had received a few text messages from Bob from the Sales Department. 
Mr.Zeyl, did Mr.Hayes find out anything last night? Winston texted back: I was just about to ask you on that.You knew Sebastian would be taking over Hayes Corporation temporarily.So how could you not make the necessary preparations beforehand? 
Bob replied: It wasn't like that, Mr.Zeyl.We've already submitted those reports to the Finance Department.I did want to take it back and redo it.Yet, they rejected my request saying they had already prepared their month-end report.So I...
Winston texted: Useless! Winston began cussing in the car after he sent the message.Bob didn't reply to the message.At that moment, Winston's phone rang, cutting off his long train of cusses.He picked up the call in a bad mood. 
"Yes?" 
"Hey, Winston.I saw Larry and the rest asking you about that matter back in the lounge earlier, so I kept quiet; but what do you think about it?" 
It was another shareholder. 
Sebastian had removed many shareholders after Yancy's incident. 
Yancy was pulling the strings behind Solomon to acquit Hayes Corporation with Sinch Enterprise.She forcibly bought the shares from Peter, Larry, and a few others. 
Luckily, Sasha and Sabrina managed to retain those share transfer agreements. 
When Sebastian returned in the end, he destroyed Yancy's plans by repurchasing all of Hayes Corporation's shares. 
At that time, a change occurred within the board of directors. 
Sebastian swiftly repurchased all the shares Sinch Enterprise had bought with force and fired all the shareholders that had betrayed the company. 
Therefore, only a few original shareholders were left on the board of directors. 
Larry, Peter, and Winston were among the remaining few. 
The rest of the shareholders joined when Solomon took the reins.
"How else can I think about it? Isn't that obvious? Sebastian is not Solomon.Do you take him as a fool?" 
Winston began cussing in the car again. 
The shareholder on the other end paled at the string of expletives.
###Chapter 1769
Chapter 1769
"What should we do then? If he catches wind of this, we're dead." 
"Why are you getting all jittery? Have we done anything wrong? We just added a few detailed transactions to each category, so the company's spending looked more comprehensive.What is there to worry about?" 
The shareholder was stunned at Winston's swift change as he didn't expect Winston to switch his narrative so quickly.Is that all? But, the amount lining our pockets all these years... 
"Calm down.Let's not lose our heads when nothing has even happened yet.Even if worse comes to worst, we still have James holding the fort" 
Winston assured. 
James was Peter's son. 
In recent years, Peter had been slowly retiring from his post due to his increasing age and had transferred the position to his son. 
The shareholder was relieved at Winston's assurance. 
"You're right.What you said made sense, Winston.Then, what about the case that the operational department passed to lan? Yvonne sent me a message yesterday, saying that even though the brat might seem young, but he’s smart.He saw right through our plans." 
The shareholder's tone began to drip with frustration as he recalled lan's attitude. 
lan's interference had cost them twenty million in losses.
Winston replied, "That's enough.Let's not mull over this matter any longer at such a crucial period.That's just a minuscule amount.Just think of how much we would earn after he leaves?" 
"You mean they'll invest more?" 
The shareholder was ecstatic at the news. 
Shareholders like him had always accumulated their wealth with underhanded means over the years. 
However, Solomon was smart.He would assign someone he trusted to observe the entire project, from purchasing to development. 
The only way they could make some profit was to target the purchasing process before it was successful. 
An example would be the building that Yvonne proposed to lan. 
Before the acquisition process was completed, there was no way Hayes Corporation could find out about any manipulation of the property price. 
Once they succeeded in jacking up the price, profit would come in bountifully. 
That was the reason they created so many accounts. 
They would never reveal their relationship with the sellers for fear Hayes Corporation would find a trail that led to them in any investigation. 
The shareholder understood what Winston was trying to convey. 
After he hung up the call, he left while happily humming a tune. 
Meanwhile, Winston set his phone back in its holder and drove out of Hayes Corporation.
It's okay.I'll let our little friend play for a little longer. 
After he experiences the cruelty of the working society, he will retreat. 
Didn't he say the reason for him to work in the office was to fix the flaws in his character? The apple really does not fall far from the tree! A triumphant smile played on Winston's lips. 
Meanwhile, lan had a smooth day at the university.His life had been peaceful that day. 
It could be the bandage on his leg or his excellent performance in the previous lecture that had stunned those people. 
Either way, there wasn't anyone looking for trouble with him recently. 
"lan, did you hurt your leg? Do you need help to get to the cafeteria?" 
Zaylynn was friendly as usual. 
Seeing that lan had hurt his leg and was having trouble walking about, she immediately came over to him after class to offer him help to the cafeteria for lunch. 
However, lan would never take up her offer.He packed his backpack and walked away from his seat, ignoring her. 
"lan?" 
"lan, are you going to the cafeteria? Come on, let's go together." 
At that same time, Jacques specifically came over to find lan. 
Once he saw lan was leaving, he instantly rushed to lan's side with a girl trailing after him.
The girl was none other than Yasmin. 
In the end, lan agreed to join Jacques for lunch.He sat on the back seat of his bicycle as they rode to the cafeteria, with Yasmin and Zaylynn riding their bicycles behind them. 
"Yasmin, do you and Jacques have something on? Does our faculty have some activities planned?" 
"No" 
Yasmin's cold attitude was a slap to Zaylynn's face. 
Zaylynn felt humiliated by the sharp reply.If there's no activity, then why is she here? She should go on with her daily routine and let me handle everything here. 
Zaylynn disliked Yasmin. 
She could've been the prettiest in the Faculty of Finance with her good looks and excellent results, but she lost everything to Yasmin ever since the latter made her appearance. 
Zaylynn was staring at her. 
When she saw that they were almost reaching the cafeteria, she instantly stopped Yasmin.She had prepared some delicious food for lan and didn't want Yasmin to spoil it for her. 
"If you have nothing going on, then you should eat elsewhere." 
"What did you say?" 
"Yasmin, we'll assume you're infatuated with Jacques if you keep following him everywhere.To be frank, I've arranged a meal for lan in the cafeteria, and I hope no one will bother us."
Zaylynn was, after all, an heiress from a prominent family.She began to chase Yasmin away bluntly when Yasmin didn't get her earlier cues. 
Yasmin was speechless. 
lan? She turned to look at the boy walking into the cafeteria with Jacques’ help. 
Finally, her bicycle screeched to a stop.
###Chapter 1770
Chapter 1770
In the end, Yasmin turned her bicycle around and left. 
Zaylynn was over the moon at Yasmin's retreat.She ran after the two boys with bouncy steps. 
"Let's not eat the cafeteria food.I've already asked the cook to prepare something for us separately.Wait here for me.I'll run over there real quick to retrieve the food." 
She saw lan had already sat down at an empty table with Jacques soon as she entered the cafeteria, so she quickly stopped them from buying anything. 
Jacques flashed her a knowing smile. 
"How nice of you.I'm in luck then" 
As her senior, he was aware of her intentions from the start. 
Soon, Zaylynn led the cook over with several dishes in her hands. 
There were pork knuckles, baked fish, and a pot of steaming chicken soup. 
Those dishes were fantastic compared to the ordinary cafeteria food. 
Jacques drooled a little at the feast in front of him. 
After serving all the dishes on lan’s table, she noticed the cold, handsome boy didn't even spare the food a glance. 
With his head lowered, he was focusing on his phone. 
"Have some, lan.Let's eat first.You can use your phone later."
"She got a point.lan, let's dig in.The food won't taste nice once they're cold" 
Jacques urged. 
However, lan merely cast a disinterested glance at the dishes and said, "No thanks.My aunt will be coming over later" 
Both Jacques and Zaylynn were speechless at his cold response. 
They fell into an awkward silence after lan’s rejection. 
For a whole minute, they merely sat there in silent, thinking about how to continue or start a new conversation. 
lan's excuse was unusual. 
At the very least, anyone other than lan would've gladly dug into the dishes. 
Even if they were to reject, they would've done it politely, then explained the reason. 
lan was an exception. 
He rejected their offer directly and indifferently, then continued sitting there nonchalantly playing on his phone as he waited for his aunt. 
Zaylynn was stiff as a board sitting there under everyone's scrutiny. 
Assuming lan would gladly accept her invitation, she had publicized her lunch date with lan on social media. 
All her friends and acquaintances knew she was having lunch with lan.
What am I supposed to do? They're all watching my every move. 
How am I going to face them after this? Zaylynn was on the verge of crying. 
Jacques noticed the crestfallen look on Zaylynn's face. 
Sparing her a glance sympathetically, he urged, "lan, since Zaylynn went through the trouble of asking the cook to specially prepare the dishes, you should at least try it" 
"I don't want to!" he rejected coldly again. 
This time, even Jacques didn't know what to do. 
At that moment, Susan dashed to the cafeteria, halting right at the threshold.She was holding an umbrella in one hand and a thermal lunch box in the other. 
It wasn't every day one would see a woman running to the cafeteria, so Zaylynn noticed Susan immediately. 
Before Zaylynn's brain could even process that bit of information, lan, who had been staring at his phone the entire time, suddenly snapped upright and looked over his shoulder toward the doors. 
"I'm right here, Aunt Susan" 
The tall and lean boy, who was always cold and unfriendly, stood up and shouted at the woman standing at the door. 
The second he yelled, everyone's attention focused on the two. 
Zaylynn was one of them.
It was her first time seeing lan smile.His beautiful eyes sparkled as they curved into the shape of a crescent moon.He looked even more handsome than usual. 
The whole cafeteria fell into a dead silence. 
Susan noticed the extraordinary silence and was rooted in place from the awkwardness. 
Yet, the boy rushing toward her was oblivious to everything else that was happening around him. 
He hobbled over to her with his injured leg. 
Anticipation and delight filled his clear eyes as he looked at Susan. 
Such was lan.It was the flaw in his character that made him behave coldly toward strangers as though they didn't exist at all. 
However, around the people he knew, he would show his true, sincere self. 
Susan felt guilty after looking into his innocent and expectant eyes.She realized she was acting selfish and had crossed a line. 
"Have you eaten? I'm sorry.I was a little late because of the rain." 
"It's fine." 
lan's gaze was trained on the thermal lunch box in her hand.He did not give a damn about Susan being late. 
However, his intense gaze betrayed his hunger. 
Susan smiled at his antiques and helped him back into the cafeteria.
"Aunt Susan, over here.We're sitting over here." 
lan and Susan were oblivious as to when Zaylynn had come over. 
When Zaylynn noticed they were looking for a seat, she immediately called for their attention and invited them over to her table enthusiastically. 
Susan couldn't reject the young girl's passionate invitation. 
In the end, lan returned to his seat. 
Zaylynn's heart soared with joy at the sight.She quickly grabbed a pair of cutlery and an empty plate for Susan. 
"Aunt Susan, let's eat together" 
Susan answered, "Sure." 
Susan opened the thermal lunch box, took out the dishes she prepared and placed them in front of lan. 
As expected, lan had only touched the dishes she prepared for his lunch. 
###Chapter 1771
Chapter 1771
lan was indeed a picky eater. 
When he was young, his mommy, Sasha, discovered that secret of his when she met him for the first time. 
In order to win his heart, she kept him by her side and made several of his favorite dishes for him. 
Therefore, as part of the Jadesons, it was only natural that Susan would remember what her nephew liked to eat. 
Furthermore, to take good care of him, Susan even asked Sasha for advice. 
lan was enjoying his food. 
When Susan tasted the food that Zaylynn had prepared, she found them quite delicious as well. 
After they finished their meal, lan returned to work at the library as usual. 
Susan wanted to send him there, but once again, Zaylynn offered her help. 
"I'll send him there.I have a car." 
"A car?" 
Susan looked at her in surprise. 
That's right.I have forgotten that this Zaylynn seems to be from a wealthy family. 
Even when she is going to school, she has her own personal chauffeur.
Thinking of lan’s leg, Susan agreed. 
"lan, then you go ahead with Zaylynn to the library.There's still something I need to handle.Once I'm done, I'll come and fetch you, and we'll go back together." 
"Sure." 
lan did not sound very willing though. 
However, when he knew that he could go home earlier after his class, he had no ion. 
Naturally, Zaylynn was thrilled. 
That afternoon, the entire school saw the two of them together as she drove him to the library. 
After that, everyone started gossiping about them. 
"Does that mean that the popular Ms.Neal has finally found herself a boyfriend?" 
"That's right.He's the new guy from the Faculty of Finance.This afternoon, someone saw him sitting in Zaylynn's car." 
"Oh my! Who is he? He has such good fortune.The moment he comes, he manages to latch on to the rich Ms.Neal." 
"I suppose it must be his good looks?" 
Within the short span of a few hours, the entire campus was talking about the two of them. 
They were filled with disdain for lan and believed that he had enchanted Zaylynn with his good looks. 
That was how he got lucky and managed to hook up with her.
At least, that was their conclusion. 
Yasmin only heard about that when she came out of the internet café. 
After the incident at the library the day before, she had been so traumatized that she did not want to go there again. 
Instead, she had come to the internet café to perform simulated market research. 
In the end, she heard such a piece of news again. 
Zaylynn is dating Cold Fish? When she heard that, she did not know what to feel.Her initial reaction was to sneer quietly. 
One was a lunatic. 
The other one was brainless. 
What a match made in Heaven! Just as Yasmin was walking out of the internet café with her backpack and going to her class, she saw a man with bandages wrapped around one of his legs.He was limping in her direction. 
Isn't that lan? The moment Yasmin saw him, she looked away and was prepared to leave because she had no wish to talk to him. 
"What are you talking about? Didn't I already remind you? Just ignore them.Why are you in such a hurry to make your moves? Am I the one who is in charge of this case, or are you the one?" 
The angry voice of lan had somehow turned the air around them a little colder. 
Yasmin slowed down in her steps.
lan said, "Stop trying to explain to me.Come to the school right now, and pick me up!" 
He was certainly commanding the other party in the phone. 
Yvonne responded, "Mr.lan, please don't get angry.We have been trying to get in touch with you for the entire afternoon but to no avail.That's why we decided to take action first!" 
"Hah!" 
Hearing her excuses made lan even more enraged. 
All he did was let out a cold laugh.They had really underestimated his intelligence. 
Did they think he's Caleb? lan hung up the phone in a rage and looked up.He was thinking of ways to get out of there. 
Just then... 
"Yasmin!" 
"Huh?" 
Yasmin, who was already walking away, stopped and glanced at the person who had called out her name.He can still remember my name? What an honor. 
"You know how to ride a bicycle, don't you? Take me out of here," ordered lan. 
There was no hint of pleading for help in his tone at all. 
Yasmin was dumbfounded.It was only after a few seconds had passed before she realized that she did not hear him wrongly.
That was when she walked over to him. 
"Y-You want me to send you out of here?" 
"Yes!* "Why?" 
"I have something on!" 
lan still had his emotionless expression on. 
After seeing that Yasmin refused to move, impatience started to show on that gorgeous face of his. 
What's wrong with these people? Are they so dumb that they can't understand simple instructions? Yasmin was so pissed off that she took a deep breath before walking away. 
This man is sick! ls that how he begs people for help? Furthermore, why should I help him? Yesterday, he had made things so awkward for me, and everyone witnessed him telling me off. 
Yasmin could not be bothered with a weirdo like him.
###Chapter 1772
Chapter 1772
When lan saw that, he was taken aback.He definitely did not expect her to walk away without saying a single word. 
"Yasmin, what are you doing? Where are you going?" 
"It's none of your business." 
"Do you want money? Fine, I can give you a hundred thousand." 
Not ever knowing the value of money, lan just offered the figure. 
Yasmin was speechless.She picked up her pace. 
This guy is truly insane! 
"How about two hundred thousand?" 
What? 
"Three hundred thousand!" 
Oh my God! 
"Four-" 
Before he could finish talking, Yasmin finally turned around.She looked so infuriated as if she was about to tear him apart like a tigress. 
"So, you are very rich, aren't you?"
lan was a little shocked.He had never seen any woman who was so fierce. 
In that instant, he stared at the woman who was about to pounce on him and began to retreat.She is crazy! "So, tell me! How much money does your family have? If I want a million, will you be able to give it to me?" 
Yasmin was purely venting her frustration. 
At that moment, she felt like beating the sh*t out of that insane guy. 
Hundreds of thousands? Why doesn't he just smash me with mountains that are made of gold and silver? Perhaps, he is getting so addicted to making fun of me? Yasmin glared at him viciously. 
However, after lan had calmed down, he seemed to be considering her request. 
"Fine." 
"What did you say?" 
Buzz! Buzz! lan's smartphone began to vibrate again. 
lan pulled Yasmin's hands off his collars and walked away with his smartphone. 
"Hello?" 
"Mr.lan, our car is already at the entrance of your school, but they won’t let us in.Are you coming out now?" 
It was Yvonne, and she had already arrived at the school. 
When lan heard that, his tense expression softened a little.
"I understand.Wait for me." 
With that, he hung up the phone and prepared to leave.It was not that far to the entrance of the school. 
Even with one of his legs injured, he was not at all worried. 
On the other hand, that silly girl had just lost an opportunity to earn a million. 
lan turned around and walked away. 
Yasmin was left standing there and fuming in anger. 
Thanks to him, she had lost control of her emotions for two days in a row.Is he really sick in the head? Feeling furious, she stared at lan's back view as he walked away. 
Just as she was also leaving, she spotted something on the ground. 
"What is this?" 
She bent down to pick it up and realized that it was a USB drive. 
In the meantime, lan was being taken to the front of a building. 
Carlton Tower was indeed a building of potential in that city. 
Originally, it was the Old Town and used to be glorious. 
However, after so many years of economic development, the commercial district had moved to New Town. 
After that, the Old Town had become a dead place.
If he were to purchase the building, have it renovated, and developed a commercial district with more outstanding features, he would definitely be able to make a huge profit out of it. 
lan got out of the car and saw the seller of the building. 
"You must be Mr.lan.I heard you are still studying.Actually, the managers in your company should be able to handle this matter.There's no need for you to come here personally." 
On the surface, the person in charge seemed to be very polite to lan. 
However, there was a hidden meaning between the lines. 
In another word, he meant that lan was too young to get involved with such a serious matter.His presence there was only a charade. 
lan glanced coldly behind him. 
"Where's the contract?" 
"It's right here." 
Yvonne immediately brought the signed contract forward. 
With his backpack on his back and dressed like a university student, there was no way lan resembled a businessman who was dealing in billions of business. 
The seller had a patronizing and impatient look on his face. 
Little did he realize that lan would tear up the contract after perusing it for a while. 
"Mr.lan, you-"
"Mr.lan, what are trying to do? Why did you tear the contract up? Isn't this very immature of you? How can you tear the contract up?" 
The seller was fuming with rage. 
Yet, lan could not be bothered and threw the torn pieces of the contract at the seller.He then said coldly, "Firstly, I am not a child.I am from Hayes Corporation and in charge of this project.Secondly, since I am the person in charge, the contract is invalid without my signature, and Hayes Corporation won't acknowledge it." 
lan enunciated every single word clearly. 
When he finished his speech, everyone present was taken aback and rendered speechless. 
Somebody was so embarrassed that his face had turned bright red.It was an interesting sight to behold. 
The son of Sebastian was not someone to be messed around with. 
Just then, Yasmin arrived.
###Chapter 1773
Chapter 1773
Yasmin looked at lan standing before the building.She did not know what he said, but his words made the people in front of him turn pale. 
Especially the one before him. 
The person glared at him before walking away. 
Yasmin was dumbfounded. 
What is he doing? Is he working outside school? Did that person glare at him because he did not do his job well? Yasmin's expression darkened.She had worked many jobs before because her family was not affluent. 
To help reduce the financial burden at home, she had to find work whenever there was a holiday. 
Furthermore, she frequently came across employers who refused to pay her on time. 
Therefore, Yasmin burst into fury.She even forgot that she was angry with lan. 
"Hey, what are you doing? I'll call the police!" 
Yasmin rushed to lan and stood before him like a hero coming to save a damsel in distress. 
lan was stunned. 
Even the few people from Hayes Corporation were stunned to see a girl suddenly rush out from nowhere. 
What is going on? Does she want to call the police? Why does she want to do that?
"Miss, you—" a woman began to explain. 
Yasmin interrupted the woman and warned her sternly, "Don't bother explaining.I know what you are planning to do.You must have thought lan is underaged, so you refuse to pay his salary.I'm telling you, that's nonsense.If you don't pay him his salary today, I will report to the police and the Department of Labor.I will make sure you can never open your business again!" 
There was another moment of pin-drop silence.Then, the woman named Yvonne came back to her senses.She looked at the raging girl and wanted to explain. 
However, lan also recovered from his daze and spoke first. 
"You guys should leave," lan said. 
"Sure? Yvonne replied, and the group of people left immediately. 
Yasmin saw them leaving and turned to glare at lan. 
"Why did you ask them to leave? You haven't gotten your pay yet." 
lan was confused. 
Salary? What nonsense is she mumbling now? Is she out of her mind? lan ignored her and turned around to leave. 
However, he had just begun walking when she pulled him back again. 
lan was rendered speechless. 
Yasmin said, "Fine, I won't scold you any more, but you must be more careful next time.Let me send you home."
"Send me home?" lan asked. 
"Why? You don't want to go home? What are you going to do? Don't tell me you are going after that group of people alone" 
Yasmin's beautiful face darkened instantly. 
Yasmin had a rich imagination. 
Sometimes, one wondered what her brain was made of that she came up with such unusual thoughts. 
In the end, lan let her pull him away. 
His leg was injured, and it was hard for him to walk. 
Yasmin did not hesitate to help him.She held his arm as she half supported and half dragged him to a bus stop near the building. 
lan was furious... 
"Don't worry.I will help you to get the money back!" Yasmin said. 
lan did not know how to respond.He looked down at Yasmin tying his shoelace. 
Initially, he was bursting with anger and wanted to shout at her. 
However, after hearing her words, his angry words became stuck in his throat.He could not bear to scold her. 
The shoelace that loosened was from the shoe on his injured foot.As he had a bandage on his foot, he could only tie the shoelace loosely before leaving the apartment.
Thus, the shoelace unraveled when Yasmin dragged him to the bus stop. 
lan watched in daze as she helped him tie it up. 
Then, she brought him onto a bus and found a seat for him.He felt lost as he let her drag him around. 
However, when he sat down, he suddenly noticed how crowded the bus was. 
Furthermore, he was unfamiliar with the surrounding. 
Thus, a sudden wave of panic rushed to his head.He became tense and broke out in cold sweat. 
"No!" 
He finally stood up to rush off the bus. 
Unfortunately, the bus began to move. 
The sudden movement unbalanced lan and caused him to fall forward. 
"Hey, what are you doing? The bus is moving.It's dangerous to move around." 
"That's right.What are you trying to do?" 
The other passengers saw him and quickly pulled him back while scolding him. 
lan's expression turned worst.His face was as pale as a sheet, and sweat covered his forehead. 
Furthermore, his usually bright and beautiful eyes now seemed threatening and mad.It seemed he would jump off the bus if no one stopped him. 
"Is he a lunatic? Why does he look so scary?" asked one of the passengers.
"He does look scary.Perhaps...Let's call the police.Could he be crazy?" another passenger suggested. 
"Don't touch him anymore!" a passenger shouted. 
The other passengers saw his strange behavior and flinched as if he had an infectious disease. 
lan began shaking severely. 
A pair of fair and slender arms reached out and held lan in the nick of time. 
Then, she stood before lan and scolded the passengers crowding around him. 
"What the heck are you saying? It is only motion sickness.Watch your mouth!" 
Yasmin's words were stern, and her expression was cold and intimidating. 
Therefore, the other passengers finally shut their mouths. 
No one dared to say anything about lan anymore. 
Then, Yasmin held lan firmly with one hand and reached out hurriedly to press the bell pull.
###Chapter 1774
Chapter 1774
When lan and Yasmin finally got off the bus, lan's clothes were drenched with sweat. 
What happened just now was a symptom of lan’s autism.He feared being in a small space with many people. 
Therefore, he became nervous, scared, and fell into a panic. 
That was why he reacted the way he did. 
Yasmin did not know about his condition but knew something was wrong as she looked at him. 
"Please sit here for a while.I'll go and get you a bottle of water’ Yasmin said. 
She looked at lan sitting there and felt that he looked like someone recently rescued from drowning.His face was frighteningly pale. 
Therefore, she rushed to a convenience store behind the bus stop to get a bottle of water. 
"That's two bucks" said the shopkeeper. 
"Okay.By the way, do you have any medicine for motion sickness? If not, do you have something that could help someone feel better after motion sickness?" Yasmin asked. 
She remembered how ill lan seemed as she was paying at the counter. 
Thus, she asked the shopkeeper if he had something that could help lan. 
Yasmin thought lan's sickly appearance was due to motion sickness. 
Later, the shopkeeper sold her a pack of chewing gum.
Yasmin fell silent.She took the bottle of water and the pack of chewing gum and left the convenience store. 
Then, she gave lan the bottle of water. 
After he drank some water, she hesitated before offering him the pack of chewing gum. 
As expected, lan looked at her with a confused expression. 
Yasmin explained, "I got it for free while buying water..." 
lan did not say anything. 
How much could a bottle of water cost? I am aware of the cost of the bottle of water. 
When I was studying at the base, Duncan would buy me a bottle of water when we went out. 
If I'm not mistaken, it's a few bucks. 
Why would they give a gift for something that costs so little? lan looked down. 
It was hard to know whether he was doubting Yasmin's words or feeling sad after remembering a friend who had died a few years ago. 
His gaze remained somber. 
"I don't eat candies," lan replied. 
Yasmin stared at lan but did not say anything.I think this is the first time he spoke to me this calmly. 
However, he still sounds a little annoyed.It seems he has not fully recovered his mood.
Yasmin did not ask lan any more questions.She unwrapped a chewing gum and stuffed it into her mouth before putting the rest into her pocket. 
"Let me send you back.I saw electric scooters for rent on my way here just now" Yasmin said. 
"What?" lan turned to her again. 
Did she say electric scooter? What is it now? Soon, Yasmin showed up riding a shared moped and stopped it before him. 
"Get on" 
Her tone sounded unnatural, and her expression seemed a little stiff. 
lan remained seated and looked at her. 
That was the second time he could not understand the way she thought.He heard Yasmin was a top student in the Faculty of Finance and wondered if her intelligence was just for show. 
In the end, lan stood up and hailed a cab by the road. 
Yasmin was stunned. 
lan got into the cab and turned to her. 
"Why are you still standing there?" 
Yasmin finally came to her senses and set aside the moped.Then, she got into the cab. 
I need to calm down and process what is going on here. 
The cab sped down the road and brought them back to school.
"Sit, how much is the fare?" Yasmin asked. 
"Fifty-six bucks," the cab driver answered. 
The cab's meter beeped as it displayed the fare. 
Yasmin felt a wave of headache upon hearing the fare.It was almost the cost of her expenditure for a day. 
She looked down and opened her purse. 
At this moment, lan suddenly took out a large banknote and handed it to the cab driver. 
"Keep the change." 
"Wow, thank you, Sir." 
The cab driver was elated.Isn't that too generous? Yasmin was still digging through her purse when she saw what had happened.She widened her eyes in shock.Then, she rushed out of the car and put on her backpack before chasing after lan. 
"lan, why did you do that? You haven't gotten your pay.How can you waste money like that?" 
lan ignored her.He limped ahead while looking at his smartphone with an indifferent expression. 
Yasmin was annoyed at being ignored and reached out to grab hold of him. 
"lan, did you hear me? What is going on with you now?" Yasmin asked. 
Having been forced to stop, lan stared at Yasmin with a confused expression.
Yasmin continued, "I'm talking about your pay.What are you planning to do about it? Do you want to get it back? If you do, I can help you.Don't worry.I have experience in this.You will get your money." 
After a long moment, lan finally put down his smartphone and regarded her solemnly. 
"Why?" 
"There's no special reason.We are classmates, so we should help each other.Therefore, don't be sad.Don't take that job next time.There will always be challenges in life.Since you are this depressed from not receiving pay, how will you survive in the real world?" 
She pointed at lan's bag and continued to ramble on.lan was stunned.He stood still and looked at his bag before looking at Yasmin, who was still advising him earnestly.He could not figure out how she seemed completely different from when they first met. 
Thus, he did not speak for a long time.
###Chapter 1775
Chapter 1775
So, she thought I hailed the cab because I was depressed from not receiving my pay? Does she think I have given up on all hope? Is that why she is concerned about me? When I first met her, she seemed cold, like she had nothing to do with the world. 
Why is she now concerned? lan felt a strange feeling deep in his heart. 
"You are experienced? Do you mean someone had cheated you of your salary before?" lan asked. 
"Yes, Yasmin admitted frankly. 
"How much did they cheat from you? Did you manage to get it back?" 
lan suddenly showed interest.He found Yasmin peculiar, so he was curious about how she was in the past. 
"Not much.It was two hundred.Of course, I got the money.I majored in finance and minored in law.How can I not get it back?" 
Yasmin snorted proudly.She was a top student of the Faculty of Finance and attained good results in all her subjects. 
Thus, it was not surprising that she did well in legal studies. 
lan looked at her and seemed impressed. 
"So don't worry about it.I promise I will help you to obtain your pay.You only need to tell me which company it is.Also, how much do they owe you?" Yasmin said. 
lan remained silent.
Based on his past temperament, he would have wrenched his hand from her and left by now.She is an idiot. 
Why would anyone dare to cheat me of my salary? They were all people I knew. 
However, for some unexplainable reason, he felt something as he looked at the burning sense of justice in her eyes. 
Suddenly, he pursed his lips and stopped himself from correcting her. 
"They...They cheated one thousand from me" 
"One thousand!" 
Yasmin widened her eyes upon hearing the figure. 
"That is outrageous! It's a lot of money.Are you stupid? How can you let them withhold so much? Is this your first time searching for work?" 
"Yes..." lan replied. 
"Some heartless company owners are like that.They deliberately hire university students like us as free labor.Did you prepare the USB for them? Was that why you rushed there? Was it to submit their assignment?" 
After saying that, Yasmin took out the USB she found just now. 
Is that the USB? His expression changed upon seeing the USB. 
However, he soon noticed her good-humored expression and calmed down. 
"Yes."
He took the USB from her. 
The USB contained the proposals he prepared for the projects under his responsibility. 
If she saw them, it would expose his identity. 
Later, lan contacted Yvonne and a few others through his smartphone, informing them that he would go to work at the office during the weekend. 
Yvonne was shocked when she saw his message. 
What the heck? Isn't he here to study? Why is he still coming here on the weekend? Therefore, she had no choice but to rush to organize the documents in the office and prepare an office space for him. 
Soon, lan sent another message. 
lan texted: I only need desk space for employees. 
Yvonne replied: Mr.lan? 
lan texted: Also, prepare one thousand.Someone discovered that I work.I'm not eighteen years old yet and am still underage.She will come with me to collect my salary this weekend.Yvonne did not know what to text back.How did things become so messy? However, she thought about it quickly.lan did not reveal his identity at school. 
Based on the law, companies are not allowed to hire underage workers. 
Therefore, it means that someone found out he is working. 
That was why he asked me to do that. 
Thus, to prevent trouble at the office building, we have no choice but to put up an act.
Why is there so much trouble? He should have focused on his studies instead of participating in company matters. 
Still, Yvonne had no choice but to help lan the best she could. 
Susan came to the school in the evening.She found the Faculty of Finance and planned to go in to look for lan. 
However, she met Zaylynn, who had been waiting there. 
"Susan, you're here? Are you here to pick up lan?" Zaylynn asked. 
"Yes, good afternoon Zaylynn.Are the classes over?" 
Susan quite liked Zaylynn.She seemed friendly, so Susan decided to chat with her. 
However, she did not expect Zaylynn to come close and hug her arm. 
"Susan, where do you live? Can I come over to visit?" Zaylynn asked. 
"Oh?" 
Susan was stunned.She didn't have to do this.It's a little too much. 
Susan glanced at lan packing his backpack in the classroom.Her demeanor turned a little cold. 
"You should ask lan.I don't stay there.It is his home.If you wish to visit, you should ask for his permission." 
Susan was intelligent and deflected the question skillfully. 
Zaylynn expression fell the moment she heard Susan's response.She wants me to ask lan.
Isn't that an indirect way of saying no? Thus, Zaylynn’'s plan failed. 
Later, as Susan was sending lan home, lan suddenly noticed a row of mopeds before the school.He paused his step.
###Chapter 1776
Chapter 1776
"Have you ever ridden on that, Aunt Susan?" 
"Yes?" 
Susan moved her gaze to where lan was staring at. 
"Are you talking about the moped? Yes, I have ridden on it.However, you'll need a license to drive it, and as it is a hybrid vehicle, it will be very troublesome if it runs out of battery halfway" 
Susan explained to lan patiently even though she had no idea why he was suddenly interested in the vehicle. 
However, when she finished, there was a hint of disappointment in his eyes. 
"Oh... 
"Huh?" 
Oh? What does that mean? Susan didn't understand what lan meant, but she didn't have the time to think about it for long because she was in a hurry to bring him home. 
When they arrived at the apartment, Timothy wasn't back for dinner because he had night classes at school. 
After Susan prepared dinner, she and lan ate at the dining table. 
"Aunt Susan, I heard that university students work when they are still studying, is that true?" 
Curious, lan started to ask questions again.
Smiling, Susan put a large piece of pork ribs in his bowl and replied, "Yes, it's because some students are not from rich families.They find jobs so that they can afford their tuition fees and daily expenses." 
"What do they do usually?" 
"Hmm...Some of them become tutors or work part-time in companies." 
Susan didn't tell lan that she experienced the same thing as those students. 
Although they lived in the Ataraxy, their lives hadn't been as easy as what other people thought because Colton and his wife didn't want to depend on the Oceanic Estate for money. 
Besides, Colton hoped for both Susan and Timothy to be independent as early as possible. 
It seemed like Colton was getting ready in case something happened to him and the family one day.He was proven right. 
Susan and Timothy were currently leading decent lives despite the downfall of their family. 
lan was immersed in his deep thoughts again. 
After all, he had gotten so used to his luxurious lifestyle that he couldn't understand what it was like to be poor. 
"Aunt Susan, do you think it is a good idea for me to hire Yasmin?" 
"Pardon me?" 
Susan, who was sitting opposite lan, choked on her food when she heard what he said.She coughed continuously for quite a while before the cough eventually subsided.
Yasmin Snow? The girl that he scolded a while ago? Why so sudden? Their progress is much faster than Zaylynn. 
What did she do to make lan come up with this idea so suddenly? Susan didn't say a word to lan, but she decided to investigate Yasmin at the university the next day. 
Susan and lan went to the university the next day. 
After lan left for his classes, Susan went to the Faculty of Finance and started asking around about Yasmin. 
She happened to bump into Jacques, the student council secretary. 
"Do you know Yasmin Snow? She's an outstanding student with perfect grades.However, she doesn't have many friends because of her personality.She's more of a loner, I think" Susan probed. 
Jacques gave Susan a bitter smile when he heard that. 
"Right? Do you know where she lives? I've also heard that she works part-time while studying, is that true?" Susan pressed on. 
Jacques replied, "Yes, she is from Xenhall, and her family is quite poor.I don't know the details, but I saw her applying for a bursary once she enrolled in our university." 
Jacques told Susan everything he knew about Yasmin's family background. 
Xenhall? Susan's expression changed at the mention of the place. 
The next moment, she immediately turned and left without another word. 
In fact, Susan wasn't completely unaware of the Jadeson family matters.
She was actually smart enough to notice whenever something was off with her father. 
However, her father didn't know that she was aware of anything at all. 
Back when Susan graduated from high school at the age of eighteen, she went home two days in advance because she couldn't wait to see her family. 
However, the moment she reached home, she saw someone leaving their house in a rush. 
Not long after she went indoors, she saw her father tearing a piece of paper into shreds and throwing it into the dustbin angrily. 
"Ruthless!" 
Colton yelled. 
After Colton left, Susan picked up the paper shreds from the bin and pieced them together.She realized it was a list of names of children younger than her age. 
Most of them were born in Xenhall. 
As Susan recalled the past, she went back to her classroom visibly shaken. 
For the rest of the day, she didn't pay attention to the lessons because she was zoning out. 
"What are you up to today, Susan? You haven't been paying attention at all.What is bothering you?" a girl asked. 
"Nothing." Susan brushed her off.
"Let's go and have fun since today is Friday! We won't have classes tomorrow because it's the weekends" 
The girl said enthusiastically as she came over and hooked her arm over Susan's elbow. 
Susan was still thinking of what to reply when she suddenly thought of something. 
Standing up with a jolt, she muttered, "I'm sorry.I have something else to do.See you." 
After that, Susan hurriedly left the classroom and headed for the Faculty of Finance.If I guessed correctly, I mustn't let that girl approach lan.I won't allow anything to happen to him! Susan started sprinting. 
However, when she reached the Faculty of Finance, a tall and pretty girl riding a moped was already in front of lan. 
"Let's go to the place you work at, lan."
###Chapter 1777
Chapter 1777
In the end, Susan didn't stop them because she wanted to see if her hunch about Yasmin was correct. 
Is she approaching lan because of an ulterior motive? Susan trailed behind them closely in a cab. 
Soon, she realized Yasmin was taking lan downtown on her moped. 
After leaving the university, they arrived at the office that lan and a few others worked at. 
Seeing that they had arrived, Yasmin stopped the moped and looked up. 
"Is this the place?" she asked. 
lan didn't reply.He was still feeling a little odd on his first ride on the moped. 
Besides, after realizing that his hands were around Yasmin's waist when the moped stopped, he quickly withdrew his hands. 
Why does such a weird vehicle exist? I must be crazy to ride on it! 
"lan? I'm talking to you.What are you thinking?" 
Yasmin turned around and frowned at lan impatiently because he hadn't replied her.lan hurriedly looked away and got down from the moped. 
"Yes, it's here," he confirmed. 
"Okay.Wait here first.I'll go and park the moped.Then, we'll go up together" 
With that said, Yasmin parked her moped at the roadside.
lan stood rooted to the ground and did nothing. 
Until Yasmin headed toward him, only did he remembered to inform the people in the building about his arrival. 
As he took out his phone with his lips pursed, Yasmin saw him and blurted, "What are you doing? Don't be afraid, lan.With me here, they won't be able to get away with it" 
Yasmin snatched Ian's phone away and tucked it into his bag.Then, grabbing his hand, she marched into the building. 
Susan was speechless as she watched them from a distance. 
She's so bold! Isn't she afraid of lan at all? lan was known for his cold and indifferent demeanor.He had the same temper as his father. 
If a stranger touched him, he would yank his hand away. 
However, lan didn't react much to Yasmin grabbing his hand. 
Susan was surprised by his reaction. 
Nevertheless, she quickly followed them. 
Meanwhile, lan and Yasmin had entered the elevator. 
"Did you inform them that you'll be coming today?" 
Seeing that lan was silent since they went into the building, Yasmin started the conversation by asking him about the people in the building. 
Besides, she wanted to be prepared for later.
lan guiped. 
"Yes..." 
"Great.If they have prepared your salary when we reach the office, we'll let them off.If they refuse to give you the money, we'll have to use the second option." 
"There's...a second option?" 
lan finally looked into Yasmin's eyes. 
"Of course" 
Yasmin said confidently, "How can you be unprepared when facing these people? Don't worry, I have told a senior about our situation.If we get into trouble here, I will speed dial him.He will call the police and the officers from the Department of Labor.Once the officers arrive, the people in this company will be the ones in trouble instead." 
lan didn't expect Yasmin, a girl who was barely twenty, to have such an elaborated plan.He went silent. 
Should I inform Yvonne and ask them to just leave the money out so that we can save the confrontation? However, it was too late for anything to be done. 
Yvonne was already waiting for them at the office. 
Upon their arrival, Yvonne and the others started their act. 
"You want your salary? You're not even eighteen! You're lucky that we still hire you and pay you a few hundred.How dare you come back with someone else to ask for more?"
"She's right.We've paid you according to the contract.You clearly knew the salary and agreed to it before starting work" 
Yvonne's assistant chimed in. 
The corner of lan's twitched. 
Embarrassed, he turned around and looked away. 
The change in their script was done after Yvonne messaged lan to confirm the details. 
The truth was if lan was discovered to be working in the company, there might be dire consequences in the future because lan was still underage. 
As expected, Yasmin was furious. 
Face reddened with anger, Yasmin glared at Yvonne and the others fearlessly and said, "That's funny.Are you saying that you're purposely making use of the fact that he is underage?" 
"What did you say?" 
"Am I wrong? It's illegal to sign a contract with an underage knowingly.If you still refuse to pay him, we'll go to the Department of Labor and report you" 
"You..." 
Yvonne was so angry that her face turned green on the spot. 
What the hell, lan? How did he get involve with such a troublesome person? What should we do now? Yvonne looked to lan for help. 
However, lan merely replied, "Let's not go through the trouble.Just pay me the money."
###Chapter 1778
Chapter 1778
Yvonne didn't say anything as Yasmin continued glaring at her angrily. 
In the end, lan got his money back. 
Yvonne and the others watched as lan and Yasmin left the building. 
An assistant suddenly asked, "What's going on with lan, Ms.Myers? I think he's acting a little strange just now." 
Strange? As if reminded of something, Yvonne quickly walked to the window and looked for lan and Yasmin.She instantly spotted Yasmin driving a moped with lan sitting at the back. 
Dawned with realization, Yvonne was speechless.Is lan in love with the girl? This is good news! In that case, he will be too occupied to take charge of what we do in the company.He will be busy dating the girl! Yvonne smiled wryly at the thought of it. 
Meanwhile, Susan also saw Yasmin and lan leaving on the moped on the ground floor. 
After they left, Susan approached the building. 
Looking up at it, she finally decided to go into the building and head straight for the office. 
"Excuse me, you are...?" 
"Sorry to disturb.I just happen to pass by.I'm a student at the University of Pollerton"" 
Susan didn't expose her identity. 
Instead, she started observing around.
Sebastian didn't tell his employees that lan was studying at the University of Pollerton. 
Hence, they didn't know that one of the Jadesons was studying at the same school as lan. 
Susan decided to scan the floor a couple of times to check if Yasmin left a trace. 
However, she heard someone gossiping when she passed by the office the second time. 
"Ms.Myers, are you telling me that Mr.lan is interested in the girl that came by just now?" 
"I think so.Why else would a boy who has lived a luxurious life like him ride on a moped with her? Besides, I saw how happy he was to have her defending him." 
"Really?" everyone exclaimed. 
Susan stopped in her tracks. 
Defend? Was Yasmin defending lan just now? If so, does that mean I can discard the possibility of her being a threat to lan? Susan heaved a sigh of relief. 
Just as she was about to go downstairs, someone else continued, "In that case, should we contact the seller again? Since lan has already fallen in love, I'm sure he won't have the time to take charge of us.We have suffered a great loss just because he won't let us sign the contract." 
"I agree..." 
A few others chimed in. 
Upon hearing the conversation, Susan stopped. 
Soon, she heard a woman's mirthless voice.
"All right.Let's contact the seller again.As for the contract, we can ask Caleb for help" 
"Mr.Somer?" 
"Yes.Didn't lan say he is in charge of the project? If we go to Caleb, the director of the operational department directly and ask him to sign, lan won't be able to stop us" 
Yvonne concluded slyly. 
After Susan left the building, she went back to the university to tell lan what she heard. 
However, when she reached the Faculty of Finance, she was told that lan and Yasmin never came back to the school. 
Susan's face darkened. 
When Susan saw lan again, it was the next day.It was a Saturday and hence there were no classes, but Susan knew that lan would be at the library. 
Riding on a bicycle, she came over to the library to look for him. 
However, she didn't see him in the library. 
"Aunt Susan, lan is working at Yasmin's workplace." 
All of a sudden, Zaylynn came to Susan and complained to her furiously. 
Working? Susan was utterly shocked. 
Why is he working? He's still in charge of the project in Hayes Corporation! It's not like he's very free! Susan didn't know what lan was thinking.
Furthermore, she was worried that the innocent boy would be tricked because she heard what had happened to him in the past. 
Back then, lan almost got into trouble because of his friend. 
At the thought of it, Susan left the school in a haste to find lan. 
When Susan reached the bubble tea stall where Yasmin was working, she saw Yasmin and lan standing behind the counter. 
Both wearing aprons, Yasmin was teaching lan how to make a cup of bubble tea. 
"Don't rush.You need to shake the bubble tea well for it to taste better." 
Standing next to lan, Yasmin taught him every step patiently.She even filled his cup with the berry sauce she made thoughtfully and told him to shake well. 
Susan froze and stopped going forward because she noticed the relaxed look on lan's face.He was just like an iceberg that finally started to melt after eons. 
Although his face was still tense, the corners of his lips began to curl upward as his eyes shone. 
Even Susan couldn't bear to interrupt the moment. 
"Have you...Have you been doing this every day?" 
"Yes.I come here on weekends.I can get a hundred a day and a free cup of bubble tea.Isn't that a good deal?"
###Chapter 1779
Chapter 1779
Yasmin looked up at lan. 
At that very moment, she had a vibrant smile on her face.I guess no one is born looking glum. 
People have bad days, and sometimes they have a hard life. 
Who doesn't want to live every day happily? In the end, Susan returned to her apartment. 
After preparing a table full of dishes, she waited patiently for lan’s return. 
lan arrived home around nine o'clock at night. 
Although his injured leg was recovering well, Susan still went down and opened the door for him once she heard him. 
"Aunt Susan?" 
lan was surprised that Susan was still at his house at that hour. 
Smiling, Susan greeted, "Hello, lan.I've prepared dinner for you and have been waiting for you to come back.You must be tired today.I heard from your friend that you tried out something new today.How was it?" 
Susan thought of a smart way to ask lan about his day and not make him awkward at the same time. 
lan's ears turned slightly red as he replied, "Oh, I think it's not bad" 
"What did you do?" 
"I've learned how to make bubble tea, Aunt Susan.I can make a cup for you too if you want to drink"
lan looked up at Susan with his glinting eyes and smiled. 
How filial! Susan was delighted and glad that lan thought of her after learning how to make bubble tea. 
"Sure.You can make one for me when you have the time, but not tonight.You must be tired." 
After a brief pause, she continued, "But if you work at the bubble tea stall, how are you going to handle your project at the company? Are you going to leave it?" 
Susan got to the question eventually. 
However, the moment she finished, she noticed the immediate change in lan's expression.His relaxed stature disappeared instantly and was replaced by his usual cold expression. 
"Of course not.We will sign the contract in a few days." 
"In a few days?" Susan asked anxiously as she recalled the conversation among the employees that she overheard the day before. 
"Why do you have to wait for a few days? Since you've already decided, isn't it better to sign the contract right away?" Susan continued. 
"The seller wants to raise the price by twenty million.Let me wait for a few days and see if he will lower the price." 
As lan didn't see the point of hiding his reason from Susan, he told her everything truthfully. 
Susan immediately understood what was going on. 
Apparently, the employees in the company wanted the twenty million for themselves.
Such insolence! How dare they go behind lan's back when he's the son of the president of Hayes Corporation! Fuming with rage, Susan didn't say anything more to lan. 
After dinner, she took out her phone and made a call on the way back. 
"Hello, I would like to have the contact number for Room 1106 in Golden Commerce Tower" 
"Okay, please wait for a moment.." 
Ten seconds later, a phone number was sent to Susan's phone. 
Next, she dialed the number that she just received. 
"Hello?" 
"I would like to remind you that twenty million is a sum huge enough for you and your accomplice to be sentenced to lifetime imprisonment.If that's what you want, I won't hesitate to report you to the police" 
Susan walked home with an umbrella over her head. 
With darkness looming over her, she looked like an apparition who was roaming in the night. 
As she spoke calmly over the phone, her icy tone sounded terrifying to Yvonne. 
Who is this? The color drained from Yvonne's face. 
Quickly glancing at her phone screen, she was alarmed to discover that the call was from an unknown number. 
An unknown number? Susan managed to conceal her phone number while using a normal smartphone.
Even if Susan refused to acknowledge the fact that she was one of the Limmer family's descendants, she had inherited the Limmers' intelligence. 
Furthermore, it was obvious that she was smart from how she managed to discover Yasmin's true identity all by herself. 
Susan brought breakfast to the apartment on a Monday morning. 
Tidying up lan's bedroom, she hesitated for a moment before asking, "lan, can you do me a favor?" 
lan, who was brushing his teeth in the bathroom, poked his head out and looked at Susan quietly as he continued to brush his teeth. 
lan was at ease and relaxed before Susan as if she was family. 
To him, there was nothing to hide in front of her. 
Susan began, "Well...I heard that you are dating a girl, is that so? We're here to study, lan.Can you promise me not to date for now and focus on your studies first?" 
"Ahem!" 
lan coughed with his mouth full of toothpaste. 
Dating? What is Aunt Susan thinking? I'm not dating anyone! lan's cheeks flushed. 
After washing his face, he regained his composure responded to Susan. 
"I'm not dating anyone, Aunt Susan; lan hurriedly denied. 
"You're not? Then what is it between you and Yasmin..""
"There's nothing going on between us.It's just...Things are really interesting with her.I get to do things that I've never been exposed to.Why would you think I like her, Aunt Susan?" 
After calming down, lan told Susan what he really felt about his friendship with Yasmin. 
At the same time, he was perplexed as to why Susan would get the wrong idea. 
Susan didn't know what to reply with.
###Chapter 1780
Chapter 1780
In the end, Susan felt awkward at the gaze. 
The reason she asked was that she had found out Yasmin's identity and was worried that lan would get hurt if both of them were to fall in love. 
Given that he wasn't an ordinary person, there was a limit to how many blows he could take. 
Consequently, Susan's concerns were eased at the moment. 
When they returned to the university, she walked Kurt back to the Faculty of Finance before she returned to her own class. 
When class was finally over at noon, she grabbed her lunch card and umbrella before leaving her classroom. 
Instead of heading to the cafeteria, she returned to the Faculty of Finance. 
"Susan, are you here to see lan? He has gone out for lunch." 
By then, everyone knew who she was considering how often she dropped by. 
Therefore, they would automatically inform her that lan wasn't around the moment they saw her. 
However, lan wasn't the one she was looking for this time. 
"Yasmin, is your class over? Would you like to head to the cafeteria together?" 
"Huh?"
Just when she popped out of the staircase, Yasmin was briefly stunned when she heard Susan calling out to her. 
ls she inviting me to go to the cafeteria with her? Isn't she lan's aunt? Why is she doing this? Are we going without lan? As questions littered her mind, Yasmin asked, "My class is over.However, aren't you here to see lan? He is probably in the classroom still.I had just gone to the student council to deal with some matters.Shall I get him for you?" 
Yasmin was congenial as usual. 
Susan shook her head. 
"There's no need to, as he has gone to the cafeteria.Since I have run into you, I just wanted to invite you along.I'm sure you haven't had lunch, have you?" 
"O-Oh, not yet." 
Yasmin felt the anxiety within her ease after being told the purpose of Susan's visit. 
Ever since she learned that Susan was lan's aunt, she would feel inexplicably nervous every time she saw the latter. 
Fortunately, she was just passing by. 
With her bag slung behind her back, Yasmin felt a little awkward as she walked alongside Susan. 
"Yasmin, where are you from? I heard from lan that you helped him get his salary back.You're really amazing for doing that." 
"Don't mention it" 
Yasmin blushed at the compliment.
"I barely did anything at all.I just happened to be a little more experienced due to the many jobs I held before.That's the reason why I was able to help him" she frantically explained. 
However, she had no idea that lan never told Susan any of that. 
The latter had deduced everything simply by connecting the dots. 
"Really? In that case, where are you from? Do you always have to look for a job due to difficult circumstances at home?" 
Just as expected, Susan pressed on with her questions the moment Yasmin replied.It was as if she had set Yasmin up with her earlier query. 
Naturally, Yasmin didn't think too much of it. 
"That's right.I come from Xenhall.My dad died when I was young, leaving both my mom and me to rely on each other.All these years, it wasn't easy for her to support me in my studies.Therefore, I hope to elevate her burden once I entered university." 
When she explained her family situation, she did so proudly and didn't attempt to hide it just because she was poor. 
As a result, Susan was filled with admiration after hearing her backstory. 
"Wow, I'm impressed that you're able to help your family out even though you have just entered university.By the way, why did your dad die early? Was it because he was sick?" 
"No, my dad met an accident while searching for my younger brother." 
When the words left Yasmin's mouth, a sorrowful expression descended upon her pretty face.It was as if the sparkle in her eye had suddenly dimmed.
An accident while looking for her brother? In that case, two lives were... 
At that moment, Susan fell silent as she continued to walk. 
With one hand holding an umbrella, her other hand clenched so tightly that her knuckles turned pale. 
"My brother was kidnapped when he was young, causing our family to be devastated.Subsequently, my dad traveled all over in search of him, while my mom stayed at home to raise me.Unfortunately, my dad lost his life before he could locate my brother." 
Oblivious to the change in Susan's expression, Yasmin continued her story.Her gruesome past was like a bloody scar on her family. 
Despite the fact that many years had passed, neither mother nor daughter dared to bring it up. 
In fact, Yasmin didn't even dare think about it. 
Consequently, the only thing she could do was to work and study hard, with the hope that she could land a respectable job upon graduation and lead a better life together with her mother. 
"Erm...do you hate the person who kidnapped your brother?" Susan asked suddenly while walking beside her. 
Upon hearing the question, a sudden sense of hatred welled up within Yasmin. 
"Of course.That's the reason why I chose to major in law.My goal is to find those animals one day and throw all of them into prison!" 
Susan was rendered speechless. 
Until they arrived at the cafeteria, neither of them said another word.
###Chapter 1781
Chapter 1781
Meanwhile, lan had already gone back with Timothy. 
After having lunch, both of them returned to the apartment, for lan needed to conduct a conference call with Yvonne in the afternoon. 
As for Timothy, he had made an effort to come back together with lan. 
After lunch, Susan returned to her dorm with a heavy heart. 
After she lay down, her mind was preoccupied with the matter. 
It turns out that Yasmin is really Duncan's sister. 
Thinking back to the day she saw the name list, she sent someone to Xenhall to send her a copy of the list of all the children who disappeared back then. 
Subsequently, she used her photographic memory to recall Duncan's details. 
Duncan.That isn't his real name.It should be Shane Snow. 
The Snow family was probably a family of scholars to have given their children such beautiful names. 
Unfortunately, their lives were ruined by that maniacal demon. 
Now that Shane is no longer around, can Yasmin accept the truth calmly? Susan didn't dare think about it. 
Nonetheless, after lying down for the entire afternoon, she finally made a decision in the evening.
"lan, after thinking through the matter, I feel I should stay by your side if you're going to continue managing the company.Timothy is just too careless and won't be able to juggle so many tasks.Therefore, I plan to move into your apartment too, what do you think?" 
Susan had given lan a call. 
While presenting her idea, she was both nervous and blushing till her ears were red. 
After all, she was still a young girl in her early twenties. 
Luckily, lan, who trusted her with his life, readily agreed. 
"Sure, when are you moving? Do you need my help?" 
In fact, he even sounded delighted at the news. 
At that moment, Susan felt her concerns ease. 
"That's...a good idea.Come over and help me then.Don't worry, I'll inform your parents of the matter." 
"There's no need to, just move over" 
lan plainly rejected. 
After lessons had ended, he left class with his bag slung behind his back. 
Coincidentally, Yasmin ran into him. 
When she saw him, she remembered that he had asked her to invite him along whenever she found any jobs. 
Hence, she called out to him, "lan, where are you going?"
Stopping in his tracks, he turned around to look at her. 
"Is something up?" 
"Not really.Remember you told me that you wanted to work part-time while studying? I just found a job as a home tutor.Do you want to join me?" 
Yasmin explained her intention in an awkward manner. 
The moment the words left her mouth, she was surprised that lan had no reaction at all.Just two days ago, his eyes lit up curiously upon hearing about the strange ideas she had. 
"Nope" 
"Hmm?" 
Yasmin was caught off guard by his monosyllabic answer. 
By the time she regained her senses, lan was already long gone. 
What's with that snarky attitude? I'm not going to invite him the next time! After having her good intentions rebuffed, Yasmin was filled with exasperation, causing her to stomp her feet before leaving. 
Meanwhile, lan headed to the Faculty of Business Administration. 
Given that all the girls there had not seen lan before, the entire dorm was filled with excitement when they realized how handsome he was, to the extent Susan was worried that lan would be given a shock. 
In the end, lan ignored all of them.
Once again, it was an opportunity for him to demonstrate how his character flaws made him different from an ordinary person. 
Whatever he disliked or scorned would be totally filtered out of his mind. 
Once both of them had moved some stuff to the apartment, Susan went off at once to buy some groceries. 
"lan, just leave my things there.I'll unpack them when I'm back.But first, I'm heading out to get some groceries to cook.If you have something to do, please go on ahead" 
"Sure, lan agreed obediently.After Susan came back with the groceries and was done cooking, lan was still busy working in his room. 
Such a routine felt right to her. 
"lan, it's time for dinner.You can continue later" 
"Mmm-hmm, he grunted before coming out of his room.Coincidentally, Timothy had just returned from playing basketball and was drenched in sweat.The moment he saw his sister and the table filled with a scrumptious feast, he ranted, "Susan, aren't you being biased? Why haven't you cooked such a delicious meal for me before?" 
Just as he spoke, he sat down and started eating before washing his hands. 
The instant she saw it, Susan slapped his hands aside. 
"Go and wash your hands.How do you expect everyone else to eat when your hands are so dirty?" 
"Okay," 
"lan, have you washed your hands? Once you're done, come and have dinner."
"I'm ready." 
Amidst the warm atmosphere, all of them had a great time together. 
With her mind put at ease, Susan slept very well in her new room that night.
###Chapter 1782
Chapter 1782
From then on, the matter gradually settled into a routine. 
Ever since Susan moved in with lan, she would meet him at the Faculty of Finance after school on the pretext of going home together. 
Naturally, Yasmin no longer had any chance to get close to him. 
Thus, the next few months passed uneventfully until lan bought the building he had his eye on. 
When redevelopment was about to start, he headed to the site to check on the progress. 
On his way there, he ran into Yasmin coming out from it. 
"lan, what are you doing here?" She called out to him first. 
In the few months they had not spoken to each other, Yasmin had lost some weight. 
She gave lan an exhausted look while holding a document pouch in her hands. 
lan stopped in his tracks. 
I'm here for the building, but what is she doing here? Why did she come out from inside? He then turned his gaze to the document pouch she was holding. 
"I was giving out flyers.Since this building is about to be redeveloped, the tenants have to move out.Hence, the real estate agency I work for is flooding them with rental advertisements." 
While explaining, her voice couldn't hide the fatigue she felt, leading lan to furrow his brows.
At the sight of how drained she was, the image of her previous self that was brimming with energy flashed across his mind. 
He ordered without a second thought, "In that case, stop doing it, and follow me" 
"Hmm?" 
Yasmin's eyes widened in surprise. 
Follow him? Did I hear wrongly? Yasmin figured that lan was behaving strangely because she hadn't whipped him into shape in the last few months. 
Nevertheless, half an hour passed. 
"Mr.Hayes, the designs are out.Please take a look at them." 
"Mr.Hayes, we have concluded negotiations with the contractors. 
They are ready to start work in the next few days." 
"Mr.Hayes..." 
In the office that was surrounded by gleaming windows, Yasmin gaped as she watched the staff flow in and out to make their respective reports. 
This is extremely shocking! What has he been doing the last few months to end up in such a high position? Yasmin's eyes almost popped out of their sockets. 
It wasn't until all the reports were done and everyone had left that she walked up to lan’s table. 
"What's going on? How are you...a manager now?"
In truth, she felt a little jealous, for she had never found such a wonderful job before, especially one that was both presentable and high paying. 
How in the world did he do it? "Mmm-hmm.However, you shouldn't let your imagination run wild.I'm nothing more than a low-level assistant.As of now, I'm just helping the boss who bought this building manage things," 
lan explained when he saw the envy and dejection in Yasmin's eyes. 
After all, he was someone that was extremely sharp. 
Just as expected, the shock on Yasmin's face eased upon hearing his reason. 
"I see.In that case, you're really lucky.I heard that the famous Hayes Corporation is responsible for the takeover of this building.In fact, many in the Faculty of Finance dream of working there upon graduation." 
"Really?" 
"Really.Considering how big the company is, that's the best one can possibly achieve" 
While Yasmin was speaking, she couldn't hide the ambition that glistened in her eyes. 
lan fell silent. 
After pondering in his chair for a few seconds, he suggested, "In that case, you can stay by my side." 
Yasmin responded, "What?" 
lan replied, "I'm already working in Hayes Corporation.If I perform well this time, I can officially sign a contract with them.Therefore, you should be my assistant and sign it together with me."
lan had never expected that he could tell a lie one day without batting an eyelid. 
In the end, Yasmin agreed in delight. 
After both of them spent a busy day at the office, Susan called in the evening and asked lan when he would be coming home.lan answered, "I'll be back once I finished work with Yasmin." 
Susan was stumped. 
Just as she felt a sudden jolt, her previous worries came flooding back into her mind. 
How did Yasmin end up with lan again? Susan was filled with frustration, especially when she saw both of them coming home together. 
Yasmin had given lan a ride on her electric bike and arrived downstairs of the apartment. 
"All right now, we're here.You should head back up." 
Knowing where to draw the line, Yasmin had no intention of going up. 
However, after lan got off, he checked his watch and instructed, "Let's go together.Since there's still work to do, we'll continue after we finish dinner" 
With that, he headed upstairs without giving the matter another thought. 
As Yasmin was rendered speechless, so was Susan who was watching from upstairs. 
In the end, Yasmin joined them for dinner in the apartment. 
Once they had finished, they went to lan's room under Susan's watchful eye, sat opposite each other at the table, and got back to work, Susan was so distraught by the sight that she could barely breathe.
Unable to bear it any longer, she cleared up the kitchen and went out. 
Wearing a pair of earphones and dressed in loose casual clothing, she walked aimlessly around the apartment grounds.
###Chapter 1783
Chapter 1783
Back at Oceanic Estate, Sasha had been asking about how lan was doing. 
Ever since he went to university, he seldom called home, as if he was trying to prove to them that he could live independently of them. 
Even when he did call, he wouldn't reveal his true situation to them. 
As a result, Sasha and Sebastian had to rely on the men Karl had assigned to watch lan to hear the latest about him. 
"Mrs.Hayes, don't worry.lan is extremely popular in school.In fact, there are two girls who keep staying by his side." 
When Karl updated them on the situation, he couldn't resist cracking a joke out of it. 
Sasha was both shocked and delighted to hear it. 
"Really? What kind of girls are they? Does lan like them?" 
Karl was dumbstruck. 
What kind of response is that? Isn't she worried? Her son is only seventeen and isn't considered an adult yet. 
Karl, who started the topic jokingly, was at a sudden loss when he saw Sasha's excitement. 
Fortunately, Sebastian was there. 
Having heard the report, he raised his brow before pulling the nosy Sasha behind him.
Sasha was speechless. 
Sebastian asked, "Have you investigated it? What's the situation like?" 
"Yes, one of them is Zaylynn Neal, daughter of a businessman in Pollerton.Their family has a reasonably clean background.As for the other, Yasmin Snow, it doesn't look good" 
A grim expression descended upon Karl's face at the mention of Yasmin's name. 
Sasha interjected, "Why doesn't it look good? Is there something wrong with the girl?" 
She assumed Karl was implying that Yasmin's character was questionable.If that was the case, she had to make sure lan stayed away from the latter. 
However, Karl shook his head. 
"No, there's nothing wrong with her personality.Mrs.Hayes, do you still remember Duncan? That girl is his elder sister!" 
"What?" 
Sasha and Sebastian were taken aback by the revelation. 
Duncan's sister? Why is the world so small for our son to run into his sister? Sasha could feel her heart sink. 
As for Sebastian, his expression drastically changed. 
What had surprised him the most was that he had assumed the university was clear of any potential threats to his son. 
Hence, he didn't expect to be thrown a curve ball like that.
Is this destiny? Entering his forties, Sebastian began to believe in fate. 
"Sebby, what should we do? Should we get lan to come back at once? Is that girl trying to get close to him?" 
"No, Mrs.Hayes, Yasmin was already studying there before lan went over.Based on my investigations, the university was in fact her first choice after finishing her high school exams," 
Karl quickly explained. 
By then, Sasha didn't know what else to say. 
The only thing in her mind was to recall lan immediately, for she didn't want to see him get hurt again. 
As for Sebastian, he had no plans to take any action after deliberating upon the matter. 
"Perhaps, that's part of growing up for him." 
"What did you say? Do you mean he should experience it?" 
Sasha gave him an astounded look.she couldn't understand how someone as sharp as him could utter such words. 
"Sebby, have you got it wrong? Why do you think this is necessary? It's within our power to stop it!" 
"Yes, we are capable of stopping it.However, have you considered that since Yasmin is alive, she will find out the truth about her brother's death sooner or later? When she does, she would still come for lan." 
Sasha remained silent.
"Therefore, this is something that lan needs to face.Only by overcoming it will he truly have matured.If it happens sometime later when we're much older or not around, wouldn't it be a bigger blow then? If he falls, who will be there to help him get back up? Are you pinning your hopes on Matteo? Or the clueless Vivi?" 
Sebastian explained patiently when he saw the anxious look on his wife's face. 
In the end, Sasha opened her mouth but nothing came out.That's true. 
What if he falls in the future? By then, there will be no one to support him. 
Since the storm is inevitable, it would be better for him to sail through it in his youth. 
At the very least, both of us are still young enough to deal with it. 
Finally, Sasha agreed with Sebastian's perspective. 
Karl, too, found that the reasoning made sense. 
"Mr.Hayes is right.Furthermore, I don't think it's necessary to worry too much about it.Susan and her brother are doing a good job of taking care of lan.Susan in particular has even discovered who Yasmin is." 
"Really?" 
Sasha was stunned.Susan is truly impressive
###Chapter 1784
Chapter 1784
"That right.Her performance over the last few months has demonstrated that she's someone extremely competent.Previously, Mr.Hayes had gotten me to test her by letting those men in Pollerton to cause lan trouble. 
"However, Susan noticed their agenda after a single meeting with lan.Subsequently, I didn't know what she did, but the men didn't dare cause any more trouble the very next day.Instead, they complied with lan's instructions obediently." 
Karl proceeded to relate all the details of what happened back then at the university. 
While doing so, he still couldn't help but feel amazed by what she did. 
Even though she looks unassuming, she managed to astound everyone at the crucial moment. 
Having heard Karl's report, Sasha was dumbfounded. 
When she turned her head to look at Sebastian and noticed the shock on his face, she asked at once, "Sebby, can she—" 
"Probably not." 
After regaining his senses, Sebastian rejected the idea at once. 
"Both Susan and her brother were never inculcated with the idea of revenge by Colton.As for the Limmer family, he had never told them about it.Therefore, both of them would not harbor any agenda." 
"And Susan..."
"She probably just wants to help lan out.Don't worry.I'm monitoring the situation.If anything untoward happens, I won't sit idly by and watch," Sebastian reassured her. 
Feeling relieved, Sasha went back to her work. 
When Karl saw that he was alone with Sebastian, he asked, "Mr.Hayes, are you really not concerned about Susan?" 
"She deserves a chance.Anyway, continue to keep a close eye and don't interfere.I want to see how she deals with the situation." 
"I will!’ Karl acknowledged. 
Back in Pollerton, Susan only returned from her stroll when it was late at night. 
By the time she got back, Yasmin was already gone, leaving lan working alone in his bedroom. 
"lan, aren't you done yet? Are you hungry? Do you want me to cook you some supper?" 
After hearing the question, lan looked up from his computer and gave Susan a glance. 
"I'm fine, Aunt Susan.You should go to bed first." 
Susan stared at him in silence. 
Actually, there’s no need for me to interfere in this matter if I don't want to. 
However, she realized she couldn't bring herself to do it. 
Is it because I feel the need to repay Sebastian for the mercy he showed my family? Or, is it because of the fact that lan has trusted me without reservation ever since he came to the school? Also, every time
he looks at me, he doesn't see me, a remnant of the Limmer family, as an outsider even though he is obviously someone prominent. 
As lan moved a little closer, Susan could see her reflection in his clear and beautiful eyes.How can I let someone like him get hurt? After returning to her room, Susan made a call. 
"Hello, didn't you promise to do something for me? I have something for you now." 
"Go on." 
"There's a student named Yasmin Snow in the University of Pollerton.Just transfer her away to some other university," 
Susan stated her request.Her plan was simple. 
As long as Yasmin no longer studied at the same university, she wouldn't interact with lan anymore. 
That way, he would be safe. 
Little did she expect to return to the apartment a few days later to find Yasmin bawling in lan’s arms. 
"Why did the school expel me? I didn't do anything wrong.What gives them the right?" 
"Calm down, I'll help you get to the bottom of the matter" 
Even though he was hugging her, lan didn't really know where to put his arms. 
Given that it was his first time holding a girl and considering how sudden it was, he felt awkward doing so. 
In spite of that, he tried his best to comfort her still.
Suddenly, Susan, who was standing nearby, caught a glimpse of the cold glint that flashed in lan's eyes. 
With her face losing all color, she lost the courage to approach them. 
As she rushed back to school with the intention of erasing all the evidence of the matter, lan, who was just as canny, reacted faster than she could. 
With little effort, he discovered that the university administrator had been bribed. 
Leveraging the Hayes family's influence, lan got the latter to give the perpetrator up. 
Susan didn't return to the apartment subsequently. 
Instead, she spent the night alone in the university's empty gymnasium. 
Curled into a ball, she was overwhelmed by fear and helplessness. 
It wasn't until the next day that her brother, Timothy, found her. 
Before saying a word, he greeted her with a forceful slap. 
Slap! Susan almost lost consciousness from the impact. 
"Susan, what are you doing? I have noticed that you've been acting weird lately.Despite being his aunt, you are especially close to him.In fact, you even moved in with us.Susan, what's going through that mind of yours? Tell me, what are you planning? How can you be that shameless?" 
Timothy roared as his finger almost stabbed her in her face. 
Susan turned pale at once.
Covering her face, she ignored the pain she felt and denied it frantically, "I wasn't thinking of anything at all, Timothy.It's not what you think.I did that just because...because..." 
"Because of what?" 
Suddenly, Yasmin appeared at the scene.However, she wasn't alone. 
Behind her were many parties from the school, including members of the student council, Susan's teachers, classmates, etc.
###Chapter 1785
Chapter 1785
"Susan, it turns out that you're the one behind this mess.Why did you get the school to expel me? What did I do wrong? How dare you bribe the school administrator? Susan, you have truly outdone yourself this time," 
Yasmin thundered at Susan in front of everyone. 
After all the teachers and students recovered from their shock, they glared at Susan in disbelief and anger. 
As she felt a chill down her spine, Susan's face was white as sheet. 
"I...I didn't get the school to expel you." 
"No? Do you deny it still? lan helped me to find out the truth, the administrator had confessed to it.And yet, you still plan on shirking responsibility? Susan, are you unwilling to repent until it's too late?" 
Yasmin's threatening voice rang out, rendering Susan speechless. 
In the end, she was apprehended by the teachers under everyone's scornful gazes. 
By the time lan arrived after receiving the news, the school had already dropped the bombshell on her. 
Due to the gravity of the offense, which was to bribe a teacher into harming other students, Susan ended up being expelled as punishment. 
With that, her reputation in school was ruined. 
"What are you doing? Who asked you to gather the teachers? Didn't I tell you to wait for me to clarify the matter with her first?"
Outraged by the conclusion, lan turned around and questioned Yasmin, who was still at the school office. 
Yasmin recoiled in shock, for she had never seen him flare his temper before. 
"What's there left to ask? Hasn't the matter been laid bare? Besides, you're the one who helped me investigate it.How can there still be a mistake? Therefore, what's wrong with my actions?" 
Not only did she not repent but also felt that she had done the right thing. 
lan's flushed red in anger. 
Just when he was about retort, he was forced to swallow his words at Yasmin’s accusation that it was he who discovered the truth. 
In the end, lan gave up arguing with her and went to look for Susan instead. 
Meanwhile, Susan had returned to her dorm after receiving the notice of her expulsion. 
When she wanted to clear her belongings, her friends and classmates of old stopped her. 
Not only did they ridicule and berate her but also threw things at her. 
"Susan, you're truly disgusting.What does your nephew's relationship have anything to do with you? Furthermore, how can you bribe the school administrator to expel her?" 
"Exactly!" 
"You're such a disgrace!" 
Overwhelmed by the humiliation, Susan's body trembled to hard that she could barely maintain her balance.
Arriving at the crucial moment, lan saw what had transpired and pulled her to his side before she collapsed. 
"Aunt Susan" 
"Look, look, her nephew is here.Come to think of it, something seems to be off with both of them.Tell me guys, don't you think that there's something fishy going on?" 
"Now that you mention it..." 
No one had expected lan's appearance to cause the crowd's wickedness to intensify. 
On top of hurling baseless accusations at both of them, some even began to ridicule lan, causing Susan to narrow her gaze. 
Finally, she raised her head in defiance before sweeping a piercing gaze across the crowd. 
"What are you talking about? Let me warn you of the legal consequences of your words.If I hear another filthy word from anyone of you, I will sue you for libel and make sure all of you are thrown into prison penniless." 
While they were humiliating her, she endured it in silence. 
But the moment they involved lan and started to ridicule him, she lashed out at them just like a cornered beast. 
As a result, all of them were cowed into silence. 
While supporting her, lan stared at the group.
"All of you, listen well.It will do you good to not make boundless allegations.Since both of us are members of the Jadeson family, you had better think of the consequences before you start spreading rumors." 
The very next second, silence descended upon the building. 
The Jadesons? Did this young man just say that he is a member of the Jadesons? No wait, before everything happened, we only knew that Susan Jadeson was his aunt. 
However, we never bothered to give their family name more thought because the siblings kept a low profile in school ever since they arrived. 
Oh my god! At that moment, everyone could feel the emotions raging in their hearts. 
As they checked the Jadeson family's profile online, the first thing they saw was the head of the family, Yariel Jadeson. 
Subsequently, they realized he went by another surname, Hayes. 
The revelation stunned everyone. 
Oh no, we have gotten ourselves in hot soup! How can a member of the Jadesons do something like that? Given the power they wield in the country, how did their children end up that way? In just half an hour, public opinion within the school changed entirely.
###Chapter 1786
Chapter 1786
Similar to the last time, Susan had also been brought to the apartment by lan. 
After he fetched a basin of hot water for his aunt to wash up with, lan proceeded to inspect the wounds she had on her before he hastened along to find her some first aid. 
"Hang on, lan.There's something that I'd like to ask." 
With her eyes in a state of consistent puffiness, Susan called after him, and only then did lan turn around to still himself in front of her. 
"Go ahead." 
"I would like to know if you were ever angry? Over this matter?" 
With her head raised, the barely twenty over year old girl could no longer hold herself together when she finally dropped that question, and from her eyes, tears came pattering off as soon as she did. 
Is he upset? That was what she wanted to know. 
She supposed that Yasmin was someone that he fancied, so would he be resentful of her for forcing the former to quit school? Susan regarded him unflinchingly as he listened, only to see a look of serenity about the boy. 
"Why should I be? I know that you must have your reasons for doing what you did, Aunt Susan, so all I want to hear is an answer from you.Just tell me what it is." 
His calmness was astonishing, seemingly never in doubt whatsoever as to whether she might be acting in his best interest, as though what she had done behind his back was something that was merely
pedestrian. 
Susan was dumbstruck. 
All of the grievances she had piled up inside finally proved too much for her to handle, bursting forth from her chest like a river that had overflowed its embankments. 
Sprawled over the table in front of her, she then started to bawl uncontrollably. 
How could she not be considered a child? She had only just turned twenty-one. 
Susan's crying persisted for a good several minutes before she gradually recollected herself. 
Throughout, lan stood steadfastly beside her with nary a word and refrained from interrupting until her emotions finally settled... 
"I-I did this because...I feared that she might harm you" she eventually said between snivels. 
"Harm me?" 
lan sounded somewhat surprised. 
"Why? Do you think that by allowing her to work with me this past period, she was going to affect me in some way?" 
"No...It isn't like that.It was because...she's the older sister of one of your late associates, lan.Do you remember Duncan, that good friend of yours? She's his sister" 
Susan finally revealed that secret to the one before her. 
After she finished, she kept those pair of teary eyes transfixed upon him extremely nervously, as though fearful of what sort of effect that revelation might have on him.
In truth, her predictions were spot on. 
That youth staggered backward and regarded her with eyes widened when he heard it.He held that expression for a brief couple of seconds and became pale as a sheet.It was truly unsettling. 
"lan..." 
Susan was so spooked that she instantly felt an impulse to slap herself, but like water that was thrown out, there would be no taking back the words that one had uttered. 
In the end, lan lumbered off stiffly back to his own room and shut the door behind him.He did not reemerge again the rest of the night. 
Scared witless, Susan was completely beside herself while she kept vigil outside his doors. 
Many times over, she tearfully pleaded with him to come out, but her efforts proved futile as there was no discernable reaction elicited from within. 
When Timothy returned and got wind of that matter, he got so upset that he nearly wanted to strike his own sister. 
"What have you been doing all this time? Why haven't you brought this up for discussion with the rest of us? This is just great, the way the situation has evolved.You can't even go back to school, and should anything happen to him, you won't even have a place here with the Jadesons either!" he raged on in a right fit. 
That was correct. 
The one thing that that pair of siblings dreaded the most was not being able to remain with the Jadesons.
Susan turned impossibly ashen-faced. 
Amidst their relentless squabbling, the door that had been closed the entire night suddenly opened. 
"Are you all right, lan?" 
Susan immediately left her own brother behind and ran over when she saw that, meticulously scrutinizing from tip to toe the youth who had finally reemerged.She was genuinely concerned for him.Okay.He's okay. 
The lan who stepped out was not in as bad a shape as she had imagined. 
"I'm fine,"he replied, pursing his mildly dehydrated lips. 
"You don't have to worry about that issue with school, Aunt Susan.I'd take care of it for you, so you should head in for class later with Uncle Timmy as usual." 
Susan did not know how to respond to that. 
"Also, don't concern yourself too much about Yasmin, as I don't think we did her brother wrong in any way.It's beyond my control even if she were to really find out about it in the future and choose to hate me for it." 
It was unexpected that he would have gained such clarity and repose after spending the night processing this. 
Susan was instantly delighted. 
"This is just wonderful.I'm glad that you think this way, lan.Sorry for underestimating you, thinking you to be more fragile than you actually were.For that, I owe you an apology’ that magnanimous and understanding aunt immediately apologized to her own nephew.Surely lan would not blame it on her.
The ability to assess issues with a greater sense of ivity was something that came with age, so perhaps he had indeed grown in maturity in this respect over the years, compared to how he was in the past. 
Henceforth, the trio's relationship reverted to the harmonious way that it formerly was.
###Chapter 1787
Chapter 1787
Over in school, Yasmin awoke in the dormitory the next day to a message on her phone sent from that person. 
Anonymous: I'm sorry to have to share with you a piece of unfortunate news this early in the morning, Ms.Snow. 
Susan Jadeson had not been made to leave this school because the son of Sebastian Hayes had helped her get the orders for her expulsion rescinded. 
As such, she remains a student here as we speak. 
That came to her like a bolt out of the blue, and at that moment, the embers in those eyes that just roused from her slumber reignited with a surge of fury. 
Why? Why did he keep this woman around? I haven't even called him to account yet, so why did he still want to help her? With her hands gripped tightly around that phone, the enmity that had been dormant inside her bones for a very long time started to seep back up to the surface. 
Even the joints between her clenched fingers started to crack audibly in tandem. 
Anonymous: Whatever you've been doing isn't going to get this done, Ms.Snow. 
The Limmer family had basically been tamed by Sebastian, so they'd naturally seek to protect Eddie's legacy. 
The only way for you to get revenge for your brother is to up the ante! Lost in her thoughts for some time, Yasmin then tapped in and sent out a few lines via her phone.
Yasmin: What do you suggest? 
Anonymous: First thing's first.We would, of course, have to rid ourselves of Susan.She's too sharp, so we won't be able to take out that brother of hers either with her in the way.Yasmin gasped. 
Anonymous: Relax.You won't have to do this yourself for the Limmer family has enemies aplenty, so there would be numerous others who would pull the trigger on them even if you didn't.Your job would be to cause her to let her guard down by continuing to win her trust. 
That person who hid in the shadows was like a venomous snake.It only took a moment's hesitation from Yasmin for him to latch onto her inner thought strains. 
In that same instant, Yasmin felt a chill down her spine and very much wanted to turn him down. 
However, thoughts of the younger brother she had not seen in ages immediately manifested inside her mind. 
To think he would finally show up inside a photograph, strung to death inside a prison. 
To add to that, there was that microchip that was implanted in his brain, all gory and gruesome... 
How could she not be seething about that? She definitely was! Before he went missing, he was still a baby cooing in my arms. 
In the end, the girl closed her eyes and sent over her worded response. 
Understood... 
How many have lost their loved ones and everything to their name because of you Limmers? Why do you and your brother think yourself deserving of such a good life? You had this coming to you, Susan Jadeson.
Until the end, there was only a frigid bitterness in her eyes. 
Elsewhere, Susan indeed managed to stay in school. 
After lan's had his own identity made public, their academic peers became apprehensive about indulging in any more idle chatter about the relationship between the pair. 
As for the school administration, he conversely opted for a more forceful approach by tapping on his identity as the future heir to the Jadesons. 
As a result, the school dared not take this issue any further even without elaboration on his part. 
That was how Susan got to return to school the next day as if nothing ever happened. 
"Are you going to apologize to Yasmin, Susan?" 
After the dust had settled, that became the more indecisive Timothy's new preoccupation. 
The notion of going forth to apologize never crossed Susan's mind as she remained uncertain as to how her arrangements to transfer Yasmin got flipped into an expulsion for the latter. 
Susan was intent on seeking out clarification from the chief administrator but unexpectedly ran into Yasmin on her way over to the school's administrative building. 
"I've, uh...already heard that you did not ask the school to expel me, and only arranged to have me transferred to a better school.I'm sorry that I was mistaken about that.Would you be able to forgive me?" 
She approached, hemming and hawing before she abashedly offered up an apology. 
That was, indeed, how Susan handled that; by getting that person to arrange to have her counterpart transferred to North Chanaea University, a school more prestigious than the University of Pollerton and
one that lan himself had wanted to enroll with previously. 
In her esteem, she wanted to prevent the former from harming lan but not necessarily by ruining her. 
Besides, with the girl's grades, she probably deserved something better. 
Susan quietly regarded her. 
"It's okay" 
That was a breath of relief for Yasmin, and immediately, a massive weight off her own shoulders. 
"That's good to hear.In that case, Susan, I'd like to buy you lunch as a means of making it up to you.Also, why don't you ask your brother and lan along as well?" 
"Huh?" 
Seeing the girl become so friendly all of a sudden took some getting used to for Susan. 
Hasn't she always been quite aloof? Never mind buying anyone lunch, word has it that she had hardly ever exchanged pleasantries with anyone at school. 
That made Susan a little apprehensive. 
"Are you...reluctant, Susan? Could it be that you're still upset with me? In that case, shall I put up a notice on the school's forum and issue a formal apology to you?" 
An anxious Yasmin then fished out her phone and started to create a post. 
When Susan saw that, she felt compelled to stop her.
"It's not that.I'm just thinking that it might cost you a bit if you were to foot the bill for all four of us.Are you going to work this week? Would you have enough to spend?" 
Being as magnanimous and understanding as she was, she began to banter away, deciding to let this episode pass.Her words elicited a bright smile from the girl opposite her…
###Chapter 1788
Chapter 1788
That same afternoon, the lot of them gathered for lunch together. 
The venue chosen was a small eatery just outside of the school grounds, and a thoroughly unremarkable one, at that. 
When Susan arrived, she saw that the environment was not the best and was concerned about whether it would be to Ian's liking. 
Hence, she decided to draw out a piece of tissue to wipe down the stool for him. 
Before she was able to get down to it, however, Yasmin was already one step ahead. 
"Allow me." 
With keen eyes and quick hands, she grabbed something and started to give the seat lan was about to occupy a good cleaning up. 
Susan was stunned to see that the item used was a pristine white handkerchief that was obvious at one glance to be something that she had brought along herself. 
lan was likewise astounded as well.He was not quite as at ease with himself as he was before when they met up after he had learned of the girl's background. 
What he felt then was a cautiousness tinged with a hint of contrite, as though he was fearful of hurting her again if he was not careful. 
That girl though, behaved as if nothing was amiss, and went about ingratiating herself with him as she always did.
Does that mean that she hasn't found out about what happened to her brother? There and then, lan felt relieved inside, and that sentiment was naturally reflected in his demeanor which had reverted to being as upbeat as it used to be. 
"Okay," 
Regarding her with gentleness, he settled himself down into the chair. 
Across from him, Susan watched as she awkwardly clutched onto that piece of tissue in her own hand, and for a considerable time thereafter, she remained ill at ease. 
In spite of that, she was nonetheless the considerate type and was thus happy to see the duo back on good terms. 
Although lan made no mention of it these past two days, she and her brother knew well how downcast the former felt. 
"All right.What would you all like to have? I'd go place the order for us" 
"Okay.I'd like some spicy sliced beef" 
Yasmin unreservedly named the dish that she herself wanted.Such a spicy dish? Thought the amused Susan as she jotted it down. 
Next up was her younger brother Timothy and Ian's turn. 
"...I would like to have a..." 
"You'd want a gumbo because I bet you seldom have it.I used to have that a lot on my previous visits here and what's great about the one they serve here is that it isn't spicy" Yasmin spoke up again.
This time, to offer a recommendation to lan as a regular patron at this joint and emphasize the fact that it was not spicy. 
Susan turned her gaze toward the young man seated across from her when that voice faded off. 
The dark pupils of the usually lukewarm youth's pretty eyes lit up when he heard those thoughtful words, just as she had anticipated.She could sense the elation about him in spite of where she was.She lowered her eyes, but this time, there was no smile on her lips. 
As she kept her head down and earnestly scribbled away on the order chit, the grip on her fingers had tightened around the pen quite considerably. 
She had no other desire, save for a simple wish that every smile that bloomed upon the face of that innocent young man from their family would not be rewarded with disappointment. 
Everyone very much enjoyed themselves over that meal. 
Once they had their fill, it was time to return to class. 
Coming out, Yasmin was excited to see a moped parked not too far away. 
"Hey lan, let's go back in that." 
"Great idea!" 
lan readily agreed once more. 
While the siblings watched that pair depart, Susan's eyes narrowed where she stood. 
She then instructed her brother beside her, "Keep an eye on him." 
"What for?" asked Timothy.
"I'm asking you to check in on him more regularly.Your faculty's closer to his, so do drop by his place whenever you've time to spare.It's not as though you are unaware that he still doesn't know how to navigate relations with others" 
"Got it" 
Timothy scratched the back of his head before he finally assented. 
A couple of days later, it seemed that everything was progressing as it should. 
In response to Yasmin's initiation, lan had her take on the role of his assistant once more. 
Certainly, owing to the revelation of his identity, she was also in the know that he was the one who was really calling the shots over that building project. 
"Isn't your father extremely bold? You're not even eighteen, and already he's putting you in charge of such a huge project for the company, just like that?" 
That weekend, both of them made another trip to the office building. 
When Yasmin looked out at the construction works that had already begun beyond the windows, she could not resist asking that of the young man behind her. 
Hailing from a wholly different world made her rather curious about the lives of people from wealthy families like his. 
Pursing his lips, lan placed down the work that he was busying with on hand. 
"My Dad just wanted me to have the opportunity to go through the paces.Besides, my aunt is currently a little unwell and has gone to Jetroina to receive treatment.With my uncle unavailable to come into the
office at the moment, et all, I'm just doing my part to help out," he very candidly shared with her his family matters. 
There was an element of recompense in the way he was treating her right now because of what happened with her brother.It could be said that he would be amenable to answering any questions she may have, or acquiescing to whatever she needed him to do for her. 
The current state of affairs suited Yasmin just fine, especially in the absence of Susan's interference during this stretch. 
"Is this document meant for the engineering team, lan?" 
"It is." 
Lifting his head to look at the copy of statistics in her hands that he had just come up with, he nodded. 
He had been personally overseeing those as he wanted to ensure that nothing went awry, seeing that this was his first time being in charge of a project, after all. 
After these were complete, they would be collected by the representatives from the engineering department who would come by to pick them up for themselves. 
However, that afternoon, that girl decided to volunteer herself for the task.
###Chapter 1789
Chapter 1789
"How about I have it sent over since we're in the vicinity? They seem like they are going to be quite busy today" 
"Oh, okay-" 
In the end, lan went along with it, Perhaps, he was also in agreement that there was not too much ground to cover. 
Never did he know, however, that the moment she took the item downstairs and exited that building, she immediately made a call to someone she had long wanted to reach out to. 
"Are you busy right now, Susan? I've something that I'd like to have your help with." 
"Huh?" 
Susan, who was busy revising for her examinations in school, let out a look of surprise when she received that call. 
Help? What sort of help? Isn't this girl currently working with lan? What else could she have that would be in need of my assistance? 
"The situation's like this, Susan.lan just passed me a set of data sheets that he said are the accounts for the project.As you know, I don't work on stuff like that and it's giving me a headache.That's when I thought of you.So could I like, get you to offer me some pointers?" 
Through the phone, Yasmin seemed to have picked up on Susan's doubts, and as such, took the initiative to elaborate further.
As things stood, it did not seem proper for Susan to turn her down under these circumstances. 
Hence, that girl returned to school to seek out Susan some twenty minutes later, clutching a stack of data sheets in her arms. 
"That many?" 
"Um-hum" replied Yasmin as she wiped the sweat off her own brow. 
"To be honest, Susan.I wanted to make a good impression of myself at lan's company now so that I might have a chance to work there after I graduate." 
She regarded her counterpart with a mixture of urging and self- consciousness. 
More significantly there, was the display of resolve she had. 
"I see.It's good thinking on your part.Actually, I'm planning to intern with them over the summer holidays myself.That's why I've been in discussion with the lecturer to secure my qualifications earlier in order to facilitate my own entry" Susan chuckled. 
Without any semblance of guardedness, she also shared her personal plans in their entirety. 
At the tender age of just twenty-one and having been raised by her own parents thinking that the world was a place filled with warmth and love, how could she have thought anyone capable of such deviousness? Her wariness from before had stemmed purely out of protectiveness over lan. 
Yasmin lowered her eyes to conceal the enviousness and contempt that was madly entangling her like vines. 
Some parts of her heart had ultimately begun to succumb to the darkness that was slowly but surely devouring it.
"Is that so? Splendid.Let us work hard toward our goal together then." 
"Okay.Sit tight for a bit while I get this ready for you, and oh, don't tell lan.Just say that you did it yourself.I'll teach you some basics on finance and accounting matters later." 
Susan made sure to offer a reminder before she got down to sorting out that set of data sheets. 
While Yasmin waited by the side, her phone suddenly rang about five minutes later. 
"Hello?" 
"When will our supplies be arriving, Ms.Snow? We need them to get cracking." 
"Huh?" 
Yasmin shot up onto her feet when she heard that. 
That got Susan's attention as she, too, lifted her head. 
"Is something wrong? What happened?" 
"There are some supplies that were due to be delivered to the site that has yet to arrive, and I wasn't aware that they're waiting to have them to work with.I may have to head down to the work site to look into it." 
"No worries.You go on ahead.Just come by to pick these up after they're done." 
"But this one's quite urgent as well" 
Yasmin was sweating buckets and appeared to be a little flustered. 
Seeing no alternatives, Susan could only offer to help deliver those data sheets on the girl's behalf.
That greatly pleased Yasmin. 
"Would you really? That's terrific.In that case, shall I wait for you over at the work site?" she said with a look of gratitude. 
Susan happily obliged. 
Very soon, that girl was gone. 
On her own part, Susan focused herself on filling up those data sheets before she rode away with them on a bicycle from the school premises. 
At this juncture, she decidedly refrained from bothering lan. 
Firstly, because she was studying for her own examinations. 
Secondly, she had seen how much he cared about Yasmin and wanted to give them some space. 
As far as that young man was concerned, she had always tried her utmost to satisfy him. 
That fateful day though, something was to happen to her after she entered that building that was under construction in the Old Town which she had not been in a very long time. 
Crack! She blanked out when the cement board gave way a sudden beneath her feet, and the first thought that came to her mind was whether lan would be able to complete his project in a timely manner if she were to meet with an accident there. 
"Hey! Come quickly! Somebody has fallen in!" 
The workers on site were in a frenzy when they witnessed this.
Not far away, a girl who had long since been observing this from a distance saw the slender figure clad in light blue cast adrift like an untethered kite.She shuddered all over. 
Bang! After Susan dropped into that massive foundation hole that was dug up, she vanished so quickly that it left Yasmin shell-shocked. 
When the latter was able to react, she broke into a frantic run, only to discover that it was a channel meant for the induction of cement. 
By the time she arrived upon that large mass of viscous slate, the girl who was in the prime of her youth was already nowhere to be seen. 
The former's strength deserted her…
###Chapter 1790
Chapter 1790
The entire site ceased operations when lan arrived. 
None of the workers had experienced such a terrifying ordeal that they didn't know what to do and remained frozen in place even after lan showed up. 
"What are you guys still standing there for? Get down there and start looking!" 
The young man flew into a rage at the sight. 
A ghastly look crossed his handsome face as he prepared to head down himself too. 
Suddenly, someone grabbed onto him. 
"You can't go down there, Mr.lan.I've already called the fire department." 
It was Yvonne.That caused lan to come to a stop and keep his eyes low, but he couldn't stop quivering. 
The firefighters soon arrived and went down to begin the search immediately. 
Meanwhile, Yasmin finally returned to her senses. 
Despite feeling chills all over her body, she mustered up the courage to walk over slowly, wanting to know what had happened. 
Indeed, she had deliberately gotten Susan to come over. 
The young woman had been struggling with herself ever since that anonymous character contacted her many days ago.She didn't want to do this, but ultimately, she did.
As she walked over and noticed how many firemen in yellow uniforms had entered the huge concrete canal but there was still nobody to be found, her face turned white like a sheet. 
At that very moment, a worker came this way. 
"The lady left this on the floor before falling in there, Mr.lan." 
It was the document Susan had dropped. 
As soon as Yasmin saw that, all the color drained from her face, and her body turned ice-cold. 
"A data sheet? Why would she have this?" 
"I'm surprised too.I thought I saw you give this to Ms.Snow" Yvonne added. 
In a mere matter of seconds, they both turned to Yasmin frostily. 
"What did you do?" 
This time, lan didn't even bother saying the woman's name first. 
Moreover, his voice sounded much grimmer compared to how gently he usually spoke to her. 
A chill ran down Yasmin's spine as she saw how differently the young man behaved. 
So, this aunt of his matters the most to him? While initially filled with fright and panic, Yasmin suddenly found herself calming down after being questioned. 
"I...I wasn't sure how to write some of the data, so I asked Susan for help.Then, someone from her site called me to say that materials needed for the renovation haven't arrived, so I came back" 
"So, you had Susan bring the document here?” Yvonne asked quickly.
Yasmin nodded. 
"Y-Yes.I didn't want her to, but she insisted because she didn't want to trouble us." 
She tried her best to push all the blame on Susan. 
In truth, everything she had said seemed legitimate, for she had already come up with the details while laying out this scheme. 
Surprisingly, lan said nothing more.He merely retracted his gaze, clutched the document tightly, and turned around to focus on the canal below. 
Seeing that, Yasmin heaved a sigh of relief. 
Susan remained missing two hours later. 
lan's body began to sway as he heard that. 
"lan!" 
"Are you all right, Mr.lan? Calm down.We'll find her; Yvonne assured, hastily holding onto him.But realistically speaking, if the woman couldn't be found here, the only other place she could possibly would be at the very end of the canal - inside that huge concrete mixer. 
lan's mind buzzed as his face paled terrifyingly. 
"lan?" 
Yasmin called out to him right after noticing that he was about to head below while staggering. 
Yet, as soon as her words fell, the young man turned his head and glared at her viciously.
"You'd better wait right here." 
In that instant, Yasmin dared not move an inch, but she could feel a shiver hit her again.He definitely doesn't mean anything good by that.He's saying he'll deal with me when he finds her. 
Thinking that, fear surged through the young woman once more. 
A few minutes later, lan, who had personally made his way down the hole, arrived at the end of the channel and stared at the fearsome- looking concrete mixer. 
###Chapter 1791
Chapter 1791
"Mr.lan! Please..." 
The site contractor was shocked to see him and was about to urge him to go back up. 
Yet, the young man who was born with a silver spoon merely stood there for a few seconds before rolling up his sleeves and grabbing the wooden stick next to him. 
Just how important was Susan to him? Before ending up in the same university as her, she was nothing more than an aunt to him. 
Sasha had opened a bar with Sabrina after the Ataraxy was gone. 
Members of the Jadesons who had nothing to do would then head over and help. 
That included Colton's wife, Sigrith. 
While Sigrith busied herself at the bar, her two children who were still in school would often head over there for meals as she didn't have time to cook for them at home. 
lan would then also frequent the place since his mother and aunt were both there. 
That was how he kept bumping into Susan. 
Besides, they were family, so she would often drop by the Oceanic Estate. 
lan always remembered how Susan, who was only a few years older than him, would bring them gifts.She was so bright.She also had a great personality and always took good care of others.
Thus, out of all the members of the Jadeson family, lan and his siblings liked Susan and Timothy the most. 
And given how withdrawn lan usually was, it was only natural that she mattered so much more to him. 
That was also why he had chosen to attend the same university that Susan did. 
After he did so, she looked out for him more than ever - to the point that she could tell what he was thinking with just one glance.She had become even more important to him since then. 
And just like what he felt about Vivian and Matteo, he wasn't going to let anyone or anything hurt her. 
Remaining pale-faced, lan continued to scour the concrete machine, not daring to ask anyone to activate it in the event there was really someone inside it. 
Several firefighters spent nearly half an hour searching with him, but they couldn't find a single trace of any body. 
"There's no one.She's probably not here," someone mentioned. 
Hearing that, the young man suddenly felt as though he had lost all his breath, and his legs turned jelly- like. 
"Mr.lan!" 
The men standing nearby hastily grabbed hold of him.If she’s not inside the machine, that means she'd be somewhere in the channel. 
But why haven't we found her? lan snapped out of his daze and began to walk back into the canal, disregarding how filthy the place was.
Yasmin silently watched him from above.She, too, began to wonder why they hadn't come across the woman's corpse. 
Based on how that person spoke, they must've wanted to do something to her by having me lure her over.But why hasn't her body been found? She couldn't stop looking on. 
Then, she watched as lan suddenly stopped at a turn inside the canal and spaced out while staring at something there. 
"Mr.lan?" 
"Go check that out." 
The young man pointed at a trail of concrete. 
"l-Isn't that a concrete trail?" The workers froze. 
"Yeah.I'm guessing it spewed out while in transport?" said one of the firefighters. 
Yet, lan didn't believe it to be that way.He walked over, and with everyone's eyes on him, he began to pry open the concrete with his slender fingers. 
"Oh, God!" 
Everyone was dumbfounded as they spotted a mark that looked like something had been dragged away. 
There were also traces of blood on the mark, which ended right next to the conveyor belt. 
The mark was exactly the size of a woman's hand.
Susan was such a genius! Yasmin nearly lost her balance as she stared at the bloody handprint, her body turning cold from the terror. 
"Go through all the surveillance cameras right away! And call the cops now!" 
lan roared, no longer able to contain his anger. 
With that, everyone got moving and did as they were told.The police arrived ten minutes later. 
The firefighters who had been dispatched here prior had already confirmed that the owner of the handprint was dragged away on the conveyor belt, but they still had to find out where the person was. 
Yvonne watched the scene in awe. 
Never had she expected a mere eighteen-year-old boy to be this observant. 
Furthermore, his logical thinking could make one shudder in amazement. 
Yvonne began to wonder if she should just leave the company. 
The police took action immediately now that they had a lead. 
After much ado, an unconscious Susan was eventually found inside an abandoned factory.
###Chapter 1792
Chapter 1792
As lan had anticipated, there was not a single trace of concrete on her body. 
However, the woman had a deep cut on her waist, two bloody fingers that had lost their nails, and a bruised face. 
"Aunt Susan!" 
lan dashed into the factory as soon as he heard the news. 
Yasmin wanted to tag along. 
Since she didn't know what had happened, she wanted to see Susan and make sure she herself would be safe.But as soon as she budged, the young man before her stopped in his tracks. 
"Mr.lan?" 
"Take her back to the office building.No one gets to let her out without my permission" 
There was not a single ounce of warmth in his words.With that, Yasmin was confined and had nowhere to run. 
There was nothing more despairing than this.Susan was then taken to the hospital. 
Fortunately, none of her injuries were life-threatening. 
Standing outside the operating theater, lan sighed with relief upon hearing that and entered the ward. 
"Aunt Susan..."
When everyone had left, he stood next to the bed and gazed at the woman who remained unconscious. 
Guilt overtook him as he noted her two fingers that were now wrapped in bandages.He felt utterly miserable, as though his heart had been stabbed. 
Timothy just so happened to arrive at this moment, and he was instantly enraged. 
"Who the hell is behind this? My sister's never done anything to p*ss anyone off! Why would anyone do this to her?" 
Neither of them had a clue. 
After Colton’s death, Sebastian had made sure no one knew that Susan and Timothy were members of the Limmer family in order to keep them as safe as possible. 
So, why was someone going after Susan all of a sudden? Everything had been fine previously.lan left the hospital. 
He then arrived at the commercial building in Old Town half an hour later. 
"You're back, Mr.lan.How is Ms.Jadeson? Is she okay?" 
Yvonne, who had remained here awaiting his return, quickly walked toward him.She now sounded much more respectful than before. 
lan nodded in response.Then, his icy gaze fell on the anxious-looking woman inside the room. 
Creak. 
"lan! Y-You're finally back! Is Susan okay?"
Expectedly, Yasmin turned around as soon as he opened the door. 
Having spent the past few hours in here, she was worried but at the same time couldn't conceal the look of panic in her eyes. 
lan didn't answer her. 
Instead, he walked up to his office desk and took out his own pack of anti-bacterial wipes. 
After cleaning his hands thoroughly, he finally felt a little better. 
His hands reeked of blood - Susan's, to be specific. 
Yasmin was speechless. 
"Is this your first time trying to kill someone?" 
In an instant, the room fell into a dead silence.Yasmin's head buzzed, and her face lost all its color. 
"Your plan was well thought out, but you underestimated the fact that I grew up in bloodshed.I'd already experienced murder when I was just six and someone nearly killed my entire family" 
The woman was at a loss for words. 
"But we lived after being lucky enough to have been protected by an excellent bodyguard.So, the next time you ever think of carrying out your schemes, I suggest you stay calm and at least make sure you don't leave any trace on yourself" 
While speaking, lan glanced at the hem of Yasmin's trousers expressionlessly.
The woman's mind had turned completely blank by now.But upon hearing his words, she instinctively looked down at her ankles and noticed some yellow paint on her trousers.She had gotten that stain from the concrete plate Susan was standing on back at the site. 
The workers had painted that particular plate to distinguish it as an impromptu stepping board.Hence, some of the paint had gotten on her clothes while she was swapping the plates. 
Yasmin couldn't think for over ten seconds.She merely stood there as her vision turned dark. 
"I didn't want to do it..." 
"I know.That's why I'm letting you off.Your brother was once my closest friend, so I've been doing my best to compensate you ever since I found out who you are.AllI hope is that you won't be blinded by revenge." 
lan finally looked up and revealed the truth. 
Yet, the woman's lips curled into a contemptuous smirk. 
"Compensate? Is compensating me all you can do, lan?" 
lan became visibly puzzled.What else should there be? 
"I don't want your compensation.You guys killed my brother, and my father died because of this too.No amount of compensation will ever be enough! Besides, why should Susan Jadeson - no, she's Susan Limmer - why should she still get to live?" 
"What did you just say?" lan's pupils immediately constricted, and his gaze turned dark.
###Chapter 1793
Chapter 1793
Yasmin immediately shuddered at the sight. 
But she quickly composed herself as a mixed feeling of hatred and resentment brewed within her, causing her emotions to run wild. 
"Did I say anything wrong? Her grandfather killed so many people! Why do she and her brother still get to live comfortably?" lan fell quiet. 
"Look at how many families were destroyed just because that b*stard snatched their children, lan! And how many more died because of his ridiculous dream? Why does Eddie Limmer get to have descendants even after all the horrible things he’s done?" 
By the last sentence, Yasmin was screaming at the top of her lungs.lan continued to say nothing, but a look of never-before-seen disappointment appeared on his face, and the air around him turned terrifyingly cold. 
"Mr.lan?" 
"Hand her over to the cops.Let them deal with her" 
That was all the disheartened young man could say before getting up to leave, as though there was no one in front of him. 
Yasmin immediately grabbed onto him in horror upon hearing his words. 
"Don't hand me over, lan.It's over for me if I'm taken to the cops," she begged, tears trickling down her cheeks as panic began to set in.
Yet, the young man merely shot her an icy glance. 
"What about my aunt, then? If she weren't so smart, she would've been dead by now.You need to be taught a lesson, Yasmin, or you'll only keep going down the wrong path." 
With that, he freed himself from her grasp and left mercilessly.If this woman refused to reflect on her deeds and continued to believe she was doing the right thing, letting her off now would only hurt her. 
Everyone has the right to live without being persecuted illegally. 
Why, then, should Aunt Susan be an exception? Even if someone commits a serious crime, no one can take away any of his children’s rights to live. 
Who does Yasmin think she is to be able to say that? What makes her any different from Eddie Limmer? Every life should be respected. 
By the time lan returned to the hospital, Susan had already woken up. 
"lan, is...is everything okay at work?" 
That was the first thing she had in mind, despite having just regained consciousness and looking extremely unwell, her face remaining swollen too. 
lan hurriedly stood next to her. 
"Everything's fine.What about you? Are you feeling any better?" 
He gazed at her with concern, unable to hide the worry in his pitch- black eyes. 
Susan grinned. 
"I'm okay.Just a few external injuries.Don't worry about me, lan."
After scrutinizing her and making sure she was really fine, lan walked away, poured her a glass of water, and handed it to her. 
When she had taken a sip, the woman watched him sit back down, looking less anxious. 
"I heard from Timothy that you locked Yasmin up?’ she said while holding her glass. 
"I did? lan admitted. 
"She was behind this.I can't forgive her for doing such a thing to you, so I handed her over to the police." 
"What?" 
Susan hastily sat up as she heard that. 
"lan, don't.Her life will be ruined if you let the cops deal with her." 
For some reason, the woman was actually helping Yasmin. 
With some traces of fury left within him, lan stared at her. 
"But how could I ever let her off after she's done something so wicked? I talked to her after that, but she wasn't sorry at all.She even thinks she did what was right! If I don't hand her to the police and teach her a lesson, she'll come after you again one day!" 
The young man finally spoke from his heart - he just didn't want his aunt to get hurt anymore. 
Besides, given how blinded by revenge Yasmin was now, there was certainly a possibility she would act again.
Susan gazed down at her glass, where the water remained hot. 
"I know you're worried about me, lan.But I'm still Eddie Limmer's granddaughter, and there's nothing I can do to change that.That's why I understand why she hates me.Forgive her if you can.I don't mind making it up to her if that's what she wants." 
"Aunt Susan!" 
lan was instantly livid. 
Making it up? She's not Eddie! Why should she have to pay for his sins? Is she stupid? The young man's face flushed in anger. 
Even so, due to his aunt's insistence, he eventually agreed not to send Yasmin to the police, but to let her off instead. 
However, he decided to settle for the next best option, which was to personally request to have Yasmin transferred to a different university. 
After Yasmin received word about this, she went looking for him at the library.
###Chapter 1794
Chapter 1794
"How heartless could you be, lan?" 
lan, who was in the midst of reading a book, glanced up at her while looking visibly perplexed. 
"Heartless? Getting your transferred is the best way to deal with you, and you don't know how to be thankful?" 
Thankful? He's actually using this word on me? Yasmin was so indignant that she could only smirk at him. 
"You're right.You come from such a powerful family, while I'm just a commoner.I suppose any slightest bit of charity from you is something I should naturally be grateful for." 
"What?" 
lan's expression soured.Yet, the young woman walked straight toward him. 
"Let me ask you this again"she said sternly, standing next to the lad. 
"Have you been kind to me all this time just because of my brother?" 
"Is there something wrong with that?" lan frowned. 
"I wouldn't have let you off so easily if it weren't for him.Also, my aunt insisted on giving you a chance.She said you're still too young to have your life ruined, so I decided to trust her.I hope you use this chance wisely and stop messing up." 
The furious young man couldn't sound any colder than he did now, and there was naturally not a hint of warmth left in his eyes.
Seeing that, Yasmin’s heart turned cold, and she suddenly thought back to all the times they had spent together - from the first day when she was berated by him after touching his computer at the library to when they met again after he fell off his bike. 
Does he not have any feelings for me at all? No, that's impossible.He always kept me company whenever I went out to get coffee or headed to work. 
And during all those times, he always looked so gentle, and his eyes would look so warm. 
With a clench of her fists, Yasmin walked out of the library, left campus, and took a cab to the hospital. 
Meanwhile, a nurse was currently unwrapping the bandages on Susan's fingers. 
The latter's nails wouldn't grow out well if she kept her fingers wrapped up. 
"Please bear with it, miss," the doctor urged. 
Susan's face instantly paled. 
Everyone in her family knew her lack of tolerance for pain. 
In fact, she had braced herself the whole time while being hospitalized. 
By the time the bandages were removed and some medication was reapplied, the ashen-looking woman's forehead dripped with sweat. 
She was supposed to return to her ward after leaving the nurse's office, but she bumped into a familiar face that seemed to have come to see her. 
"Yasmin? What are you doing here?" she called out after a brief moment of astonishment. 
The one who had come looking for her was none other than Yasmin.
The latter was evidently surprised to hear Susan greet her after such a huge ordeal.It was as though nothing had happened before. 
Hence, Yasmin found herself unable to express the words she had long prepared in her heart. 
"Yeah...I came to see you.H-How are you? Are you doing better?" 
"I'm okay.I just got my bandages removed, and I should be out of here by tomorrow.Beaming, Susan showed Yasmin her fingers that had just been tended to.The latter didn't know what to say.Finally, she spoke after following Susan back to her ward. 
"lan wants me to transfer to another university.He said it's the only way to make sure you're safe, but I don't want to change schools.Coming to this school has always been my dream.I don't want to leave." 
Susan was speechless. 
"So, can you transfer instead?" 
Yasmin lifted her head and stared at Susan.The latter certainly wasn't prepared for this. 
What's with that frankness? And that matter-of-fact tone? Susan gazed at her blankly, seemingly having seen through the depths of the latter's heart within those few seconds. 
It was Yasmin’s turn to fall silent. 
In spite of having felt slightly enraged just a while ago, she watched the woman who was just a year older than her retract her gaze. 
"Then, can you guarantee that those guys behind you won't cause me any more trouble?" 
"What?"
Yasmin was taken aback.She...knows there are people telling me what to do? Even lan never brought this up. 
"If you can guarantee that, I'll change schools.If you can't, then I'm sorry, but I won't leave.I don't want to have to worry about getting hurt again even after I transfer." 
Susan calmly emphasized her terms. 
Meanwhile, Yasmin froze in place as her ears turned red.This time, she really couldn't answer Susan's question.
###Chapter 1795
Chapter 1795
Can I guarantee that? Of course not! I don't even know who those guys are! Yasmin gripped her fists so tightly that her knuckles turned white. 
Seeing that, Susan added blankly, "Or, there's another way if you really want me to leave.You'll have to hand over the person who's been contacting you." 
Yasmin wasn't just stunned anymore.She could even feel a chill running down her spine now. 
How does she know about all this? I've never even told her anything! How does she know I'm not alone in this? Has she been keeping an eye on me all this while? We've always gotten along, but has she actually been watching my every move? Unable to utter a word, Yasmin turned and strode away quickly. 
Susan watched her left. 
Then, she retracted her gaze and sneered after the other woman had disappeared out of her sight. 
Of course, she knew.She had been wary of Yasmin ever since she tried to get the latter to change schools, only for the latter to end up riling up the entire university to go against her and bending the truth. 
It didn't help that Yasmin remained unusually nice to her. 
Susan was no fool.She only wanted to give Yasmin a chance. 
Unfortunately, disappointment was all she felt now.She was disheartened by what happened at the construction site, and today's events left her feeling even worse.
The woman sorted out the invoice inside the bedside drawer. 
When Timothy arrived shortly after, they both prepared to leave the hospital. 
"Timothy, is the basketball goodwill match ending in two days?" 
"Yeah" 
Timothy turned to his sister. 
"What's up?" 
"Nothing.It's just that you've been neglecting your studies because of this, so I think you should stop joining these events and start taking your classes seriously instead.I'll be keeping an eye on you" 
Susan reminded nonchalantly. 
Timothy instantly blew up. 
"Why can't I join my extra-curricular activities? It's not like they're affecting my grades! You can't do this!" 
"What? Am I wrong to tell you to focus on what's important? In any case, campus and home are the only two places you can go from today onward.I'll be following you at all times," she clapped back furiously, not expecting her brother to be this skittish. 
She then went to pay her hospital bills, leaving Timothy exasperated. 
What's up with her again? Has she gone nuts from what just happened this time around? Unbeknown to this young man, those were also the exact words Sebastian had said while in the Oceanic Estate as soon as Karl reported to him about the recent days’ events.
"Susan can't protect herself yet, so the only thing she can do is to watch over her brother" 
Sebastian remarked while sorting out his company's mail in his study. 
"Then...should we interfere?" Karl asked hesitantly. 
Interfere? While seated, Sebastian cast him a glance. 
Despite having always been efficient and precise, he wasn't quite sure what to do now.I want to know just how smart this girl is. 
Had she not left that mark behind while she was kidnapped on site, no one would've been able to find her that quickly and save her. 
So, what would she do when danger lurks on every side? After pondering for a moment, Sebastian shook his head. 
"Not yet.Some gain their power in the face of adversity, while some become the darkness themselves.I want to find out whether the Limmer family blood that runs through her is inherently good or evil" he replied as a look of anticipation and interest crossed his face. 
Karl couldn't help but feel stumped. 
Does he have too much time on his hands? I can't believe he's playing games like this. 
But then again, we do need to test her. 
The Limmers are so powerful that once they land on the wrong path, they'd be a ticking time bomb. 
"So, we don't need to do anything about those little pests? According to our information, they're likely to be family members of those children, or that someone is instigating them - just like what they're doing
to Yasmin Snow right now.If that's the case, this isn't a small deal.The Limmer siblings’ lives could be in danger" reminded Karl. 
He had already gotten someone to find out about the person who had contacted Yasmin ever since they began going after Susan. 
It was then he learned that most of them had the same addresses as those of the children on Eddie's list.In other words, they were surely related to those children.
###Chapter 1796
Chapter 1796
There's no way these guys are going to let the siblings off.But why is Mr.Hayes still taking it easy? 
"We'll see how things go.Besides, even if she's really about to get killed, you'd be able to help out in time." 
Thus, Sebastian ended the discussion, leaving Karl in shock. 
When he left the study, Sasha, who was out drying the sweet potatoes she had received, explained the situation to the confused man. 
"What your boss means is that he wants to see what Susan is capable of.Because sometimes, a person reveals their true potential only in the face of danger.But if she can't save herself, that means she won't be much of a threat." 
With that, Karl finally understood Sebastian's intent. 
"And...what if she manages to deal with the situation herself?" he couldn't help but ask. 
Sasha did not answer.Instead, she glanced toward the man who began to work inside the study. 
Seeing how composed he looked, she turned away and smiled.He'll know what to do, of course. 
Back at the University of Pollerton, Yasmin couldn't deliver what Susan had asked for. 
In spite of that, she didn't want to change schools, so she soon conjured up a wild idea. 
On her way back to the dormitory, the woman deliberately fell off her bicycle and broke both of her legs.
"Oh, my God.Why is Yasmin so unlucky these days? She nearly got into an accident at work just a while ago, and now, she's broken her legs.It's like she's having a streak of bad luck." 
"I know, right?" 
lan had agreed to Susan's request to keep the construction site incident a secret, so no one else on campus knew what Yasmin had done. 
Thus, they all took pity on her after seeing her injured.lan, on the other hand, was beyond ticked off after hearing about this. 
"Forget it, lan.She's had it rough," Susan advised. 
"Her brother was taken away from her, and her father died in a car accident.Now, she's her mother's only hope of getting a good job after she finishes university.Let her be - for her brother's sake." lan fell silent.He wanted to say something, but after hearing his aunt mention Susan's brother, he kept his words to himself. 
Because at the end of the day, he felt remorseful about what had happened to Duncan.The young man was his first close friend, and regardless of whether he betrayed lan back then, he was the one who had shown him how warm and beautiful this world could be. 
That was why lan was still thankful for him.And so, he took his aunt's advice. 
Yasmin was certainly overjoyed to hear about this, and she immediately deleted all traces of her communication with that anonymous person.She even changed her number.She didn't want to live a dark life like that.Soon, everyone returned to their usual routines. 
Life on campus became peaceful yet bustling at the same time. 
"Susan! I heard you'll be taking your test.You'll be able to do your internship after that, right?"
"That's right." 
On this day, Susan's coursemates came looking for her as soon as she arrived on campus.They looked especially envious of her, and she admitted that what they were asking was true. 
Seeing that, one of the girls grew more excited. 
"Wow! That's fast.Do you mind telling us which company you'll be interning with?" 
"Well..." 
Susan naturally could tell them it was Hayes Corporation.Sebastian had agreed to let her do her internship there long ago, so she felt a little guilty for relying on her connections.Still, I'm going to do my best.I'll make Hayes Corporation acknowledge my abilities and keep me. 
Thinking that, Susan headed to the examination hall.But to her utter surprise, the young woman failed her test. 
How could this be? After glancing at the results sent to her phone all day, she eventually decided to see her professor and find out what had happened. 
"Sir, my grades..." 
"I'm sorry that you failed, Susan.Your paper's right here.Have a look at it." 
The professor kindly showed Susan her test paper. 
The young woman immediately began going through her answers, and before long, she felt her stomach drop as her face turned pale. 
According to accounting basics, there shouldn't be an issue with her answers.
The main problem lied with the practical accounting data on the next page. 
"Sir, may I know where this practical data came from?" 
"Oh, this is the latest data we received not long ago" the professor explained after putting his reading glasses on and glancing at the paper. 
"I heard it came from the finance department of the renowned Hayes Corporation.You failed because you answered the questions from this section wrongly." 
Upon hearing that, Susan's face paled even more.
###Chapter 1797
Chapter 1797
It was from the Hayes Corporation. 
Why would they send the data over at this time? Does that mean all those taking the accounting exam had failed? Nobody should have access to these practical data, after all. 
"You mean this? No.We only send this data to the students who applied for internships at Hayes Corporation.I don't know about anyone else, but no one dares to admit that they will intern there.Ms.Jadeson, why don't you do another one?" the teacher kindly advised. 
However, he didn't know about Susan's goal.She took the exam because she wanted to go to the Hayes Corporation. 
Susan returned to her apartment feeling depressed. 
lan didn't go to school and was in the apartment that day because his projects were at their critical moment recently. 
With superior intellect, it didn't matter if he skipped a few classes, so he took a few days off. 
When Susan suddenly came home, he raised his head at the coffee table in the living room, looking very surprised. 
"Aunt Susan, you're back?" 
In an instant, Susan, frustrated by the exams, almost yelled and asked him if his father didn't like her and wanted her to stay away from the Hayes Corporation.
However, she held it in and returned to her room to cry in silence.It wasn't until the evening that her younger brother, Timothy came home. 
Then, she finally came out of her room after hearing her brother bellowing in hunger. 
"Susan? What's wrong with your eyes? Why are they swollen?" 
"Mind your own business!" 
Susan panicked and avoided Timothy, and went straight into the kitchen.Timothy was rendered speechless.He glanced at lan in the living room, who was also looking back at them and shrugged.Then, he went into his room. 
When dinner was ready, Susan had calmed down and brought out the dishes. 
"lan! Timothy! It's dinner time!" 
"Coming!" 
The two young boys put down their work and came to the dining table. 
There were pork ribs, tomato soup, and a meticulously grilled steak. 
At first glance, they seemed to be specially prepared for lan. 
"Let's eat" 
After serving the dishes and filling their plates, Susan asked them to eat. 
As he was used to being served by his elder sister, Timothy immediately picked up his fork and started chowing down on the food.
On the other hand, lan waited for Susan to sit down before eating. 
"Susan, how was your exam? When will you get your certificate?" 
While eating, Timothy suddenly remembered Susan's exam that day and asked.lan turned his gaze toward her as well. 
Susan's face turned pale again. 
"Well, I'm waiting for their announcement; she brushed them off half-heartedly.” 
"Announcement? When will that be? Didn't you already decide to intern at lan's company next month? Will it be delayed? The holidays are next month.Once the holidays are over, you have to come back to class again," 
Timothy continued to question her inconsiderately.Susan finally got a little impatient.She put down her fork and questioned him back, "So when are you going back to see mom? Your competition is over.Why haven't you go home?" 
"I...I'll be going back in two days; Timothy was at a loss for words.It was an unappetizing dinner. 
The next day. 
Susan woke up, sat on the bed, and took a deep breath before opening the door. 
"Aunt Susan?" 
Surprisingly, lan was already standing at her door early in the morning.Susan was stunned. 
"Good morning, lan.Are you hungry? I'll go make some breakfast."
Susan thought he was hungry and immediately wanted to make him breakfast.However, lan shook his head. 
"A lot happened last night, and I didn't get the chance to ask you.Did something happen with your exam? Didn't you pass? Susan was rendered speechless, and she stood still for a few seconds. 
She almost couldn't hold back the grievances that piled up all night.She was contemplating the exam the whole night, analyzing why it happened.She even tried to convince herself that everything was just a coincidence.However, the irrefutable reality extinguished all her hopes. 
Hayes Corporation was not just any other company.The probability of being recruited as an intern from the school was close to zero.So Susan was the first, and the data was targeted toward her. 
Things had become complicated for her, even as a university student. 
In the end, Susan lowered her head and rubbed the tears off her eyes, pretending she had just woken up. 
"No, there's no result yet." 
"Okay.Let me know when the result is out.You don't have to worry if you don't pass.You can go with me after the holidays.It won't matter if you have the certificate or not" 
lan suddenly put his hands in his pockets and said something unusual. 
Susan quickly raised her head.Is he planning to take me with him? Then...She tried to utter words, but she couldn't make a sound. 
However, all the tears she held back suddenly gushed out of her eyes. 
The anxiety that was weighing down her heart seemed to have become lighter.
###Chapter 1798
Chapter 1798
Susan finally felt relieved after hearing lan’s words. 
Strangely, just when Susan was about to forget about it after a week, she suddenly received an email from Hayes Corporation. 
Dear Ms.Jadeson, We have received your email.We have attached our company's requirements for recruiting interns in this email.Please have a look.Our company welcomes every single intern.Thank you.From,Human Resources Department of Hayes Corporation.Susan was stunned. 
That email was the one she sent to Hayes Corporation before her exams.Back then, she was confident about the exam.Hence, after thinking about it, she decided to send an email to Hayes Corporation to see what requirements they had so she could prepare in advance. 
As a result, they responded to her email today. 
Susan stood petrified as she stared at the email.It was as if the ray of hope had shone upon her. 
They actually replied to my email.So my previous guesses were wrong. 
The data sent by Hayes Corporation wasn't meant to make things difficult for me. 
Instead, they sent it to everyone who will do their internship at Hayes Corporation. 
At that thought, she decided not to go to the cafeteria.She turned around and ran toward the internet cafe outside the school. 
"Susan, what are you up to? Don't you want to eat?" 
"I'm not hungry."
She waved her hand and dashed. 
Ten minutes later, in the internet cafe near the school, she turned on the computer and browsed the campus website, and she found some posts about the internship application at Hayes Corporation. 
Student A from XX University: I want to intern at the Hayes Corporation. 
Can I get in? Student B from XX University: Me too.But the company is so big.Do we even have a chance? Student from YY University: It should be fine. 
Although the Hayes Corporation is a big company, its recruitment process is transparent.I had a senior who went to their Human Resources department. 
As long as you have a graduation certificate and pass the interview, everything should be fine. 
Student A from XX University: Really? We don't need anything else? Student B: Exactly.It's a big company.Won't they have any special requirements? The entire thread was filled with similar questions. 
However, the student from YY University gave a very positive answer because he had a senior who went to Hayes Corporation for an internship and confirmed that there weren't any special requirements. 
Student from YY University: What special requirements would there be? It wouldn't make sense for them to have so many demands from you.You're only going for an internship, not to interview for an executive position. 
After reading his reply, all the students in the thread, even Susan, in front of the computer, were stunned for a moment.What he meant was that the Hayes Corporation had no reason to be so particular toward interns.Which also meant that the data she saw the other day was probably not given by the Hayes Corporation.
Susan finally breathe a sigh of relief.When she came out of the internet cafe, it was raining.The sunny day before was already dyed gray.She raised her head and looked to the sky. 
"Yasmin, it's raining.Why are you still going out? Can't you wait?" 
Suddenly, she heard a voice next to her.Susan turned her head toward the voice and saw a girl pushing a wheelchair in the rain toward her, and the person in the wheelchair was none other than Yasmin. 
"Well, my mother is ill.I have to withdraw some money for her.I'm sorry." 
Yasmin apologized to the girl behind her, who was pushing her wheelchair.Her mother is ill? Susan returned to her senses and looked up at the rain pouring down from the sky.Then, she decided to stay for a while longer and went back to the internet cafe. 
Through the drizzling veil, she watched as the two girls went to the opposite bank and saw Yasmin walking into the ATM.She had recently investigated the Snow family. 
Although her family was in a dire situation, she was surprised that they had gotten to the extent of needing Yasmin to transfer money back home. 
Yasmin was still a student. 
Even though her father passed away, the Snow family should have family members in Xenhall.Her uncle and grandfather were still around. 
So why couldn't they pay for her mother's medical expenses? Why would they need a student to send her money? Susan waited for Yasmin to leave. 
After a long while, she pursed her lips and returned to the cafe with a determined look.
Then, she found a hacker on the internet.Can I see the security footage of XXX bank's ATM? Sure, but it costs five thousand.Five thousand was a lot for a student. 
Susan gritted her teeth.She eventually took five thousand from the living expenses her mother gave her and her brother and gave it to the hacker. 
The hacker efficiently sent her the security footage of that bank within a few minutes, and Susan was about to finally see Yasmin deposit a thick stack of bank notes into the ATM.
###Chapter 1799
Chapter 1799
This is getting interesting. 
The last hint of warmth disappeared from her eyes. 
After getting back to school, she went to her classroom and did nothing much throughout the afternoon.She was busy writing something in her notebook till someone came to look for her after class. 
"Susan, we're having a party later.Would you like to come?" 
Zaylynn, whom she hadn't seen in a while, asked. 
Party? She's inviting me? Susan shot her a scornful look with a grin hanging on her face. 
"Are you inviting me because you want me there? Or are you inviting me because of someone else?" 
"Susan!" 
Zaylynn blushed because Susan had read her mind. 
"It's all right.I'll call lan and get him to join you.I won't be joining because I have to do revision at night." 
Susan rejected her and took the initiative to present her with someone she wanted to see badly. 
Hearing that, Zaylynn left happily. 
Seconds later, when Susan called lan, he'd already left the lecture hall, and he saw a flashy Lamborghini parked nearby.
"lan, Zaylynn said she'd like to invite you to a party at her house.Since your project is almost done, you should have some fun.I'll get Timothy to accompany you.Go and relax, okay?" Susan urged. 
Susan remembered Ian's parents telling her that they'd sent lan there to study because they wanted him to learn to socialize with others. 
Tonight is the perfect chance for him to do that! However, she was puzzled when lan hung up on her right after her words. 
What happened? Did his phone die or something? This has never happened before.Susan sighed and hung up the phone as well. 
At around six that evening, most of the students had already gone back to the dorm. 
That was when Susan made her move. 
After making her way to the Faculty of Finance, she went to the office of the student council to look for Yasmin. 
"Yasmin?" Susan uttered. 
"Yes?" 
Yasmin, who was busy writing something, raised her gaze. 
Susan? Why is she here? Yasmin was caught off- guard, and her expression changed because she was surprised to see Susan there. 
Susan, however, smiled and remained calm.She'd even brought a gift along to see her. 
"Why haven't you left yet? I've gone to the dorm to find you, but your classmates told me you're still out.I figured you might still be here, so I've come here instead.How's your leg? Is it getting better?"
"Huh?" 
Yasmin saw the gift Susan had put on her desk and felt even more uneasy. 
"O-Oh...I'm okay now.Thanks..." 
"Don't mention it.I should've come to see you earlier, but I've been busy with the examinations.I'm sorry, Yasmin? Susan apologized.So, is she here just to see me? Yasmin gradually calmed down and grew less wary of her. 
"That's okay.It's no biggie, actually.It's going to be completely healed in no time." 
"Is it? That's good, then." 
Susan appeared relieved when she nodded. 
However, Susan sighed when she sat down and opened the box of the matcha cake she brought along. 
"Frankly, my mood hasn't been great recently.I've flunked my examinations, and I don't think I can do my internship at Hayes Corporation." 
"What?" 
Yasmin abruptly raised her head, and a look of guilt flashed across her face. 
"What happened? Your results have been good, no? How did you end up flunking it this time around?" 
"Well, I was told that Hayes Corporation had suddenly released a piece of data, and they've requested the interns to have a go at it.I've never seen such complicated data, so I've been eliminated."
Susan paused for a while before adding, "However, I've looked into it, and it seems like Hayes Corporation had never requested for such a thing.I'm going to get lan to ask about it.If that's really the case, then someone must be messing with me." 
As Susan was talking calmly, she was stuffing a piece of cake into her mouth. 
Instantly, the office fell into complete silence.It was as if time had come to a standstill. 
As neither of them was saying a word, it was deadly silent in the office that one could hear a pin drop. 
Indeed, if lan were to go and verify the matter, everything would be revealed. 
Yasmin's hands under the table were as cold as ice.She was starting to panic, and her throat had dried up due to her anxiousness.How is she so smart? 
"All right, then.Head back soon, okay? I'll get going now" 
Seeing that Yasmin had kept silent, Susan stood up and was about to leave.Yasmin was speechless. 
When Susan was about to reach the entrance, Yasmin finally mustered her courage and uttered, "If someone is messing with you, who do you think it might be?" 
Susan was standing by the entrance when she turned around calmly and replied, "I don't know.However, I don't think you'd have anything to do with it, right?"
###Chapter 1800
Chapter 1800
Yasmin was stumped. 
"W-Why?" 
"Because you've already made a mistake last time around.You don't want such a thing happening again, do you? Yasmin, you won't get too many chances in life.I urge you to appreciate the good things you have now; Susan warned sternly while standing at the door.It seemed like she'd just gotten serious by then.There was no look of mockery in her eyes. 
Instead, she looked stern and threatening. 
Indeed, she wasn't going to keep giving her chances. 
It was really a rare opportunity for Yasmin to be able to live in peace. 
Perhaps others were unaware of it, but Yasmin and Duncan knew that their father had died trying to get away from the Limmers. 
Hence, there was no reason for Yasmin to keep doing anything foolish and heading back toward the darkness. 
Susan left the student council after that. 
When she was heading back, she received a text message from Yasmin saying: I'm sorry.I was the one who did it.To which Susan replied: It's all right. 
Ultimately, that was all she had to say to her. 
Almost immediately after Susan replied, Yasmin rang her on her smartphone.
"D-Do you not blame me?" Yasmin asked. 
"Why should I? You were forced to do so, weren't you?" 
A moment of silence ensued. 
Then, Susan started hearing the person sobbing on the other end of the phone call. 
In fact, she could hear how remorseful and aggrieved Yasmin was. 
"I-I'm so sorry.I really didn't mean to.All I wanted to do was to stay here, but they told me that if you were to intern at Hayes Corporation, you'll get closer to lan.I-I couldn't accept that, so I've secretly slotted the data they had given to me into the exam papers." Yasmin was crying out of breath. 
I wonder what she has gone through all this while. 
Perhaps it's not even an exaggeration to say that she'd gone through hell. 
She was just a girl living a normal life when she suddenly found out that her brother was kidnapped and had a microchip transplanted into his brain. 
After that, he'd died because of that old b*stard's business. 
How could she not be seething about that? Not only that, but her father had also died in an accident because of that matter. 
Hence, it's only normal that she'd lost her cool in the end and got taken advantage of by that group of people. 
Fortunately, she'd just started, so she still has a conscience.
Susan waited patiently for Yasmin to vent her frustrations before asking, "Now, will you tell me how to contact those people?" 
"W-What?" 
Yasmin was bewildered. 
"If you don't tell me, they'll just keep pestering you.Yasmin, if you want no part in this mess, you should let them come at me directly.I'm the one they're targeting, you know?" Susan explained. 
Upon hearing that, Yasmin was a little perplexed. 
"They're going to kill you.Aren't you terrified?" 
"How is being scared helpful? The only way I can deal with it is by facing them.Also, I know you've done it mainly because of lan.You're into him, aren't you?" 
Susan suddenly brought the matter up. 
In that split second, Yasmin was blushing uncontrollably in the office. 
"I-I'm not." 
"I can tell, so you don't have to deny it.It's okay, though.You should fight for him if you like him.lan is a great guy.He was rather blissful when you guys were together.Besides, you're Duncan's sister, so he'll have different feelings toward you" 
Yasmin was surprised to hear that. 
Did she just advise me to fight for him? She sounded sincere when she told me to approach lan once again! Yasmin froze momentarily before asking, "A-Are you serious?"
"Yes, I am.What's wrong?" 
"Nothing's wrong.It's just that I-l thought you were into him!" 
Yasmin finally blurted out what was on her mind. 
Indeed, the phone call went dead silent after she said that. 
Apart from the buzzing sounds in the phone call, it was so silent that they could hear each other breathing. 
"Susan? Are you there?" 
"Yasmin, I don't understand how does your mind work.Don't you know he's my nephew? Are you sure you're thinking clearly?" 
Susan finally voiced. 
Yasmin was shocked by how incomprehensible Susan was.She sounded annoyed as well! Once again, Yasmin was stunned. 
"But he's not your biological nephew, is he?" 
"So what? He's already been addressing me as his aunt for the past ten-odd years.Are you trying to be funny?" 
Susan finally broke into a smile after feeling rather flustered.She's ridiculous! How could I be in love with my nephew? What is she thinking? With those thoughts in her mind, she was about to end the call. 
Right then, Yasmin said, "Since that's the case, I'm going to go after him.I'll confess everything to him and come clean.Susan, will you move out of the apartment, then? I'll look after him from now on!"
###Chapter 1801
Chapter 1801
Susan rejected her request in the end. 
"I can't do that because I've already promised his parents to take care of him.You can go after him, but there's no way I'd move out.Besides, what difference does it make if I remained in the apartment when you guys get into a relationship? If he were to be staying with his parents, would you ask his parents to move out?" 
After saying that, an ambiguous smile appeared on Susan's face. 
She's pushing her luck, isn't she? Yasmin merely remained silent and blushed.Indeed, she was crossing the line. 
Susan left the place afterward. 
That night, Susan gave the contacts she'd gotten to her people. 
"Mr.Glen, please investigate this.They're the ones who went after me" Susan uttered. 
Somewhere in the dark, an old man answered the phone and agreed, "Okay." 
Hearing that, Susan was about to hang up the phone. 
"W-What's going to happen after we've investigated them? What's your next move, Ms.Jadeson? If they're really the family of those kids back then, they'll surely come after you and Mr.Jadeson" the man on the other end of the phone call abruptly asked. 
He was also warning her at the same time.Susan remained composed upon hearing that. 
"In that case, we'll just report them to the police.
If we don't have anything incriminating of theirs yet, we shall keep an eye on them in the meantime, Mr.Glen," 
"Is that all?" 
When Susan heard the old man's question, her expression turned serious.She then warned, "If not? What else do you want to do? Remember this, Mr.Glen, don't kill anyone anymore.Don't worry.If those people want to kill me and my brother instead, I'll get Sebastian to deal with them and punish them accordingly!" 
Indeed, that was her attitude toward the matter.I'm not taking any lives, but if I can't protect myself anymore, I'll just hand them over to lan's dad.I'm sure he'll protect us. 
The old man still had something to add, but Susan had already ended the call. 
When she got back to her apartment, it was already late at night. 
However, she was shocked to see that the lights in the apartment were still on. 
When she walked in, she saw a tall and thin figure watching the television on the couch. 
"You're back, lan? Why are you still up?" Susan asked in puzzlement. 
Amidst all the matters she had to attend to that night, she'd forgotten to ask lan about how the party went. 
Susan then walked over to him hurriedly because she wanted to ask about his night. 
To her surprise, lan suddenly stood up when she was approaching him. 
At that time, he was around one point eight meters tall, and he was about to turn eighteen.
When he suddenly stood up in front of her, she instinctively took a step backward. 
"lan, what—" 
"Where have you been?" 
lan's eyes were gloomy, and his handsome and beautiful face was rather cold. 
In fact, he looked terrifying. 
Hearing that, Susan felt guilty. 
"I-I didn't go anywhere.I was revising at school.Did you not have a good time at the party? Or are you blaming me for not fetching you? lan, I-" 
"I don't need that!" 
With that, lan walked away with his darkened face. 
Bang! 
He slammed his bedroom door so hard that it had given Susan a scare. 
Oh, no! He must be pissed because I've gotten him to join a party with so many people. 
Susan was filled with regret. 
That night, she was worried about him, so she sent a text to Sasha, who was at Oceanic Estate. 
Her text read: Sasha, I've gotten lan to join a party at his classmate's house, but he came home angry.
Did I do something wrong, Sasha? Did I make him feel uneasy? What should I do now? After sending that text, she held her smartphone in her hand and fell asleep feeling bothered. 
Upon finding out that Hayes Corporation had nothing to do with her flunking her examinations, her respect for Sebastian and Sasha had been restored. 
Hence, she'd report back to them regarding lan. 
Back at Oceanic Estate, Sasha had only seen the text when she woke up the next day. 
When she saw it was about lan, she got up immediately. 
"lan had attended a party? That's great!" 
She brought her smartphone to the balcony outside to show Sebastian, who was stretching. 
Sebastian merely glanced at the text and asked, "Party? Is she talking about the small party held by the Neal family last night?" 
"That should be it.Since he’s willing to attend parties nowadays, it seems like we've made the right decision by sending him to Susan's.However, Susan said lan seemed pissed.This child..." 
Sasha couldn't help but get worried again. 
Sebastian remained silent and picked up a watering can as he gazed at his budding plants under the morning's rays.
###Chapter 1802
Chapter 1802
"Oh, by the way, Susan said there's a girl! Sebby, do you think our son is into this girl? He'd even found someone he likes! He's doing well!" 
Sasha was a woman susceptible to gossip, so she figured that out in no time. 
Suddenly, she held her smartphone in her hand and started cheering.Sebastian, who was watering plants, couldn't help but ask, "He likes a girl? He's too young!" 
"No, he's not.He's almost eighteen now, so why can't he be into someone? Did I not marry you when I was eighteen?" 
Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
Seeing Sebastian's half-hearted attitude, Sasha suddenly asked, "Wait.Are you looking down on the Neal family? Since we're on this topic, I must ask you about the marriages of both our sons.Do you have any requirements for their spouses? Must their spouses be of similar social status?" 
Sebastian remained silent for a while and felt helpless. 
What is she talking about? Similar social status? When I married her, was the Wand family even on par with the Hayes family? 
"No.As long as they're happy together," he answered. 
"Is that it?" 
Sasha was doubtful because Sebastian was acting like the Neal family was below him. 
Upon seeing how doubtful Sasha was, Sebastian nodded resolutely.
"Am I that closed-minded? Have I ever required them to do as I wish regarding who they end up with? For example, when have I ever dictated that little girl?" 
Sebastian ended up mentioning his precious daughter again.When he was saying that, he seemed a little annoyed. 
Indeed, no one could blame him because she'd been under his care for so many years. 
Before he knew it, not only did she fall for someone else, but she'd also been through countless life- threatening moments for him. 
Fortunately for Sebastian, he wasn't of age yet. 
Otherwise, he'd have gotten heart attacks because of how angry he was.Sasha finally understood what he meant. 
Abruptly, she went up to the disheartened man and hugged him from behind. 
"There, there.Don't be so angry, okay? Kurt isn't that bad.At least we don't have to worry about her anymore, no? Vivi is going to the same university after she graduated.Isn't that good? We don't have to worry about anything" 
Sebastian remained silent. 
Although she had a point, Sebastian's face remained solemn because he knew there was even lesser of a chance she'd return to him. 
That rascal! After finding out what was on Sebastian's mind, Sasha went back to her bedroom and replied to Susan's text: Susan, it's all right.Maybe it's because it was his first time attending such an event.
Just spend some time with him in the meantime. 
If possible, bring him to more events so that he'd get used to it. 
To which Susan replied: Okay. 
Susan's reply was instantaneous.It seemed like she was anxiously waiting for Sasha's reply. 
Susan felt relieved after receiving Sasha's text.She then left her bedroom and ran to lan's room.She knocked on his door and tried to please him. 
"lan, are you up yet? It's the weekend! Do you want me to make some ravioli?" 
She had no choice but to pacify him when he was mad. 
Luckily, he wasn't holding any grudges. 
Susan could hear him moving around in the bedroom after a few knocks. 
Within seconds, a handsome boy in casual clothes appeared in front of her with his black, short, and messy hair. 
"lan? Should I make ravioli for you?" 
When Susan saw him, she leaned on his door and gazed at him with her huge and beautiful eyes.lan kept mum for a while. 
Fine.I'll just let her off the hook this time. 
lan then nodded coldly. 
"Okay."
Hearing that, Susan raised her arms into the air happily and cheered, "Yes! I shall make breakfast for you, then! Wait for a while, okay, lan? Delicious ravioli is coming right up!" 
She then hurried to the kitchen happily. 
As for lan, he merely smiled before heading toward the washroom. 
Around half an hour later, Susan was done preparing the ravioli. 
At the same time, lan was also done getting ready for the day.As they were having breakfast, someone rang their doorbell. 
"Who could it be?" Susan was bewildered. 
lan had even less of an idea because he practically had no friends there. 
Susan went to open the door. 
"Yasmin? You're here?" 
"Yes.Good morning, Susan! I-l stumbled upon the newly opened Brew Cafe nearby our university, so I've brought you guys pancakes and yam porridge.Have you guys eaten yet?" Yasmin asked. 
No one expected Yasmin to visit them so early in the morning. 
That morning, she was wearing a light green short skirt and an embroidered white decorative belt around her waist. 
With her long black hair draping across her shoulders, she looked rather beautiful. 
Susan was baffled upon seeing her.Did she actually come? That was the first thought that popped up in her head.
When Susan saw how well Yasmin had dressed up, she couldn't help but feel uneasy seeing that she was still in her pajamas herself.
###Chapter 1803
Chapter 1803
"No, we haven't! Come in!" 
Susan invited her in warmly. 
Yasmin's looks were famous at University of Pollerton. 
Hence, she was known as the most beautiful girl with a cold demeanor in the Faculty of Finance. 
Susan brought her to the dining table and said, "lan, Yasmin is here.She'd brought breakfast for us, and "No!" 
lan interrupted rudely before Susan could even finish her sentence. 
Within seconds after Yasmin arrived, his darkened handsome face had turned solemn. 
Hearing that, Susan's palms started sweating cold sweats, and she was stunned. 
"lan, she—" 
Right then, Yasmin interrupted and explained, "lan, I've come here today to apologize to you guys.I know I've made a mistake, and I'm very grateful to you guys for letting me off the hook.Hence, I'm here to promise you guys that I'll never commit such a mistake ever again.Please forgive me, lan" 
As she was explaining herself, she had her head lowered, and she looked remorseful. 
When she was assuring them she'd never commit such a mistake again, she purposefully took a step forward toward lan.She was afraid that he might not forgive her. 
Upon hearing that, Susan was stunned.
Although she told me she'd take the initiative to go after him, I never expected her to be so brave! With her decisiveness and wittiness, it seems like she's not the girl with a cold demeanor anymore! Why do I feel like she’s even more impressive than me? When Susan glanced at lan, he seemed dumbstruck as well. 
Indeed, lan was so shocked that he'd remained motionless for a good few seconds while staring at Yasmin. 
"lan, are you not willing to forgive me? That's all right.I'll call the police now and get them to arrest me.I'd do anything to earn your forgiveness." 
With that, Yasmin whipped out her smartphone and was about to call the police. 
At that moment, lan finally reacted.He reached out to grab her smartphone and threw it across the table. 
"Are you done with all this ruckus?" 
"lan, I-" 
"Listen to me.If you really want to turn over a new leaf, you can't possibly do it with just words.If you're sincere about it, be honest from now on and stop coming up with silly schemes." lan finally spoke. 
His tone was stern, and his expression had remained tense. 
On the other hand, when Susan saw him grabbing Yasmin's smartphone away from her, she knew Yasmin had succeeded.She's good, indeed! As expected of a law student because she'd learned about psychological theories in her syllabus.She must be good at figuring people out.She'd gauged his weakness, and that's her own brother. 
Yasmin managed to remain at the apartment and had breakfast with Susan and lan.
"Susan, since it's the weekend, do you guys have anything planned?" Yasmin asked. 
"Not much.lan’s mom called and told us she has a friend here who's holding an opening ceremony, so she told me to bring lan there to deliver a gift on their behalf," Susan uttered casually. 
In fact, Sasha had instructed Susan to do so. 
Due to her social status, it was only normal for her to have a friend in the area. 
Sasha had done so because she wanted Susan to bring lan out to attend these events so he could get used to socializing. 
Another party? Yasmin’'s eyes lit up. 
The day before, she was irritated when she heard lan was attending a party held by the Neal family. 
She knew how wealthy the Neal family was, and she never thought she could get a chance to get close to lan. 
That was why Yasmin was in low spirits before Susan went to look for her in the student council.Now, I might have a chance. 
When Yasmin was helping with the cleaning up in the kitchen, she suggested, "Susan, do you want me to accompany him instead? Didn't you say I should take the initiative? I think this is a perfect opportunity for me to do just that.Will you let me accompany him?" 
Susan was utterly shocked.She turned around and gazed at Yasmin blankly.She was so stunned that her hands had frozen while she was still scrubbing the plates. 
Isn't she a bit too straightforward?
"What's the matter, Susan? Don't you think it's a good idea? Since you told me to go after him last night, I think this is a good opportunity for me.As lan’s aunt, will you not give us your blessings?" Yasmin added. 
This time around, her determined eyes were layered with a hint of puzzlement. 
It was as though she couldn't comprehend why would an elder refuse to offer her blessings to a younger couple. 
Ultimately, Susan caved in under Yasmin's gaze.She retracted her gaze and went back to washing her dishes. 
After a moment, she nodded and said, "Okay.It's not that I don't want you to accompany him.I was just worried about your leg." 
"Oh, it's been a while now.It's fine! Besides, I can also get him to take care of me if I have difficulties with my leg." 
Yasmin was over the moon after getting Susan's approval.She got even more excited when she realized she could get lan to care for her because of her difficulties.
###Chapter 1804
Chapter 1804
Susan then left the apartment with a backpack and an umbrella. 
After coming out of the building, she raised her gaze toward the dazzling sun before walking into the sultry weather. 
Indeed, the sun was rather unforgiving that day. 
Hence, she decided to just do her revision at the school. 
The school had allowed her to retake the examinations after clarifying what had happened. 
When Susan had left for school, Yasmin remained at the apartment to continue cleaning up.She felt relieved knowing that she had the whole place for herself and lan, so she was thinking of ways to approach lan. 
Should I just tell him that his aunt had asked me to accompany him in delivering the gift? Or should I find an excuse so that he'd be more approachable? She was left in a dilemma for quite a while. 
Ultimately, she made up her mind when she saw lan coming out of his room after getting changed. 
"lan, your aunt had left.She said her school had agreed to let her retake her examinations, so she'd gone there to revise." 
Upon hearing that, lan, who was wearing his blue shirt with white stripes, stood still and stared at her coldly. 
"Why are you still here, then?" 
"Huh?"
Yasmin was startled, and her scalp went tingly. 
"Y-Your aunt told me to stay.She told me you're going to send some gifts on your parents’ behalf, so she'd allowed me to keep you company.She'd even given me taxi fares" she uttered cautiously while whipping out two one hundred banknotes. 
She had to say that to convince him because she was afraid that lan might end up rejecting her. 
However, lan's expression got even more frightening when he was staring at the banknotes in her hand. 
"Haha." 
He let out a chuckle. 
Yasmin was baffled when she heard that. 
What did he mean by that? Right after he chuckled, lan turned around and went back into his room before slamming the door shut. 
Yasmin was rendered speechless, and she stood there in a daze for quite a long time. 
In the end, she slumped into a chair behind her. 
At that moment, her pretty little face had turned pale.Is he not willing to go with me? He'd never been like this. 
Back then, he'd go to wherever I invited him to.Even when I was working part-time, he'd also accompanied me. 
Why is he acting this way now? In utter remorse, she sat there and started sobbing.
Meanwhile, Susan was concentrating on her revision at her school's library. 
Since it was the weekend, the library was almost empty. 
In fact, it was as if she had the whole library to herself.She was able to focus fully on her studies because it was that quiet. 
Buzz! Buzz! Suddenly, her smartphone started vibrating in her bag. 
When she heard that, she quickly took it out, fearing that it might cause a disturbance to the other students. 
"Hello?" 
"Susan, lan is unwilling to go with me.I think he's still blaming me for what happened.Could you come over and bring him there instead? I'll just tag along" Yasmin said. 
Since she had no idea how to deal with lan, she ended up looking for Susan for help. 
Susan was annoyed because the phone call had interrupted her concentration. 
When she heard about Yasmin's outrageous request, she couldn't help but scold, "Yasmin, that's your problem! Since you've already decided to get him back, you should work hard on your own instead of looking for me for help.Although I'm his elder, I'm not a parent to him!" 
With that, Susan hung up the phone relentlessly. 
When Yasmin heard that, she was embarrassed, and she felt as though she had just been delivered a slap across her face.Indeed, she was too full of herself prior to that.Is it because her father had died too soon, so she had a poor upbringing? Or did she do that on purpose? Before Susan could compose herself, she was once again interrupted by her smartphone.
This time around, Sasha called and asked her why she had not brought lan to her friend's event. 
Upon seeing no sign of lan, Sasha's friend had called to ask Sasha personally. 
"What?" 
Susan was panicking. 
"About that...Sasha, lan said he was going to attend the event on his own.I'll go back and check on him now’ 
"Okay.Do that quickly.Every time he encounters something unpleasant, he'd just lock himself up in his room.Go over to check on him.If he's still home, please persuade him and bring him to see the Lowry family yourself" 
"All right.I understand," Susan answered hurriedly before grabbing her backpack and leaving the school. 
I mustn't let them know about Yasmin! Otherwise, they're going to get pissed at me. 
With that thought in her mind, Susan got on her bicycle and rode home as fast as she could.
###Chapter 1805
Chapter 1805
Around twenty minutes later, she'd arrived at the apartment. 
When she got back to the apartment, she was panting heavily. 
Indeed, she saw lan’s pair of signature handmade shoes outside the apartment's door. 
Sh*t! He's really still here. 
Susan's palms started sweating.She then quickly opened the door with her keys and walked in. 
After throwing a cursory glance around the place, she noticed no one was around.She gulped and walked cautiously toward the tightly shut bedroom door and knocked on it. 
Knock! Knock! She leaned against the door and asked, "lan, it's me.Are you inside?" 
There was no response. 
Although there was a pair of squeaky clean slippers outside the room, the silence she'd gotten was as if the room was empty. 
Sh*t.I'm doomed.Is he mad? Beads of perspiration had already formed on Susan's forehead. 
However, she still needed to complete her task. 
Susan took a deep breath and continued knocking on the door. 
"lan, open the door, okay? Your mom had just called me.She told me to bring you to the Lowry family before it's too late.Be cooperative, okay?" 
Again, she heard nothing in response.
"lan, if you don't open the door now, I'll have to get the key to your room.Don't get angry at me by then, okay?" 
When Susan realized he wasn't going to open the door, she gave up knocking and decided to get the key instead. 
However, the door suddenly opened with a click the moment she turned around. 
Susan froze upon seeing for the first time how frightening lan could look.He appeared in front of her in his blue shirt with white stripes. 
At that moment, his young and handsome face looked like a character out of a comic book. 
Despite his handsome face, his body was exuding a cold aura when he was glaring at her with his darkened eyes.His demeanor was so gloomy that Susan felt like a storm was fast approaching.He remained silent as he glared at her. 
When Susan saw him, she couldn't help but shudder. 
"I-lan—" 
"You're really quite something, Susan!" lan uttered sarcastically. 
Upon hearing that, Susan could feel her scalp going numb because he was speaking in a rather devilish tone. 
H-How is he so scary? All I did was get Yasmin to bring him to the party, no? He can choose not to go if he doesn't want to. 
Besides, didn't I come back already? After gulping and composing herself, Susan uttered, "A-Are you angry? I'm sorry, lan.It's just that I remember how well you got along with Yasmin.
Since she's determined to turn over a new leaf, she Bang! Suddenly, something was thrown at her. 
Instantly, Susan covered her ears and shrieked. 
The that was thrown at her had shattered into pieces. 
Some of the pieces had even been flung toward her body. 
"Listen carefully, Susan! You don't get to dictate what goes on in my life! Know your place!" 
lan thundered before going back into his room and slamming the door. 
Once again, the door was slammed shut. 
Susan was utterly stunned. 
After standing still on the messy floor for quite a while, she lowered her gaze and looked at the smartphone that had been smashed into pieces. 
With tears in her eyes, she crouched down and picked up the shattered smartphone.He's right.I've been too full of myself, and I'm a nobody.I'm just here because I need the Jadesons to protect me.I shouldn't have gone over my head and wished for things for myself. 
While sobbing, she picked up pieces after pieces of the shattered smartphone. 
As she was doing that, she noticed that her leg had suffered some cuts.She merely wiped it with a piece of tissue before heading to the washroom. 
When she was done cleaning up the mess, she composed herself and sent a text to someone at Oceanic Estate: I'm so sorry, Sasha.I've failed to convince lan.This is all my fault.
To which Sasha replied: It's all right.That's just his temper.I'd still like to thank you, though.It must've been tough.Sasha was rather understanding and reasonable. 
Susan's eyes were brimming with tears once again when she read Sasha's reply.She then quickly raised her head and put the smartphone aside.She'd only been able to regain her composure after some time. 
That day, she didn't head out anymore. 
Likewise, lan’s door was kept shut, and he stayed inside. 
In the evening, when it was almost time for dinner, Susan went to the kitchen to see if they had any food left. 
Seeing that there wasn't much available at home, she grabbed her purse and went to the supermarket to grab some groceries. 
The moment she left, lan opened his door after locking himself inside for the whole afternoon. 
lan came out of the room and glanced around the apartment. 
Although his expression had remained tensed, he was clearly looking around the spot where he smashed the smartphone.He then saw bloodstains on the floor, and the color started draining from his face.
###Chapter 1806
Chapter 1806
After doing her grocery shopping, Susan made a trip to a smartphone store near the supermarket. “Hi there. Can you recommend me a good phone?” 
The store owner took a few phones out of the display cabinet and placed them on the counter. ”All right. Check these models out. They're suitable for mobile gaming as they have large storage spaces.” 
“Might be a little pricey, though.” He reminded after sizing her the girl, thinking she must be a student. 
The moment Susan heard that these smartphones were designed for mobile gaming, her eyes brightened. “Okay. I'll take this then. I can use back the same phone number, right? By the way, my SIM card is damaged.” 
“Sure, not a problem. Your identification card, please,” the store owner replied. 
Identification card? I'm not buying it for myself, though. I bet he'll not come if I ask him to. 
After contemplating for a while, she decided to show the store owner her identification card. As soon as she got back her phone number, she made the payment for the new phone and went home with it. 
“Timothy? What are you doing here?” She was surprised to bump into Timothy at the foyer of the condo. 
She ran up to him and asked, “How's everything? How's mom?” 
Timothy, who had just returned from Jadeborough, looked exhausted and disheartened. “Mom is not doing well, Susan. 
“I heard she spotted blood in her stools some time ago but refused to go for a body checkup. I eventually convinced her to do a thorough checkup, but the doctor said...” 
“What did the doctor say?” Susan inched closer and grabbed his arms.
Bad things can't happen to my family anymore. We've lost our father. We can't lose our mother. 
Timothy dropped the bomb. “The doctor said it's rectal cancer. Mom is going die soon, isn't it?” 
The six-feet-tall boy burst into tears after delivering the news. 
Susan blanked out and staggered, dropping the grocery bags in her hands. 
“Susan...” 
“No! Mom will not die. I'm going back to Jadeborough. Bring these up. I'll bring mom to the hospital right now.” 
Instead of going upstairs, the twenty-one-year-old grabbed her phone and left for Jadeborough in haste. 
All this while, Susan had always been the decision maker of the family. 
Timothy might be a male in the family, but growing up, he had always been a pampered child. Since Colton's passing, Susan had to take charge of everything in the family, as her mother Sigrith was also a nose of wax. 
In other words, all the family's responsibilities were now on her shoulders. 
Meanwhile, inside the condo, Ian worked on his laptop in the common area and did not return to the bedroom. 
He waited for more than an hour but did not get to see the person he wanted to meet. Instead, he met Timothy. 
“Timothy? Why are you doing here?” Ian asked.
“I came to tell Susan that mom is very ill. She just left the building a while ago.” Timothy put the grocery bags aside, went to the refrigerator, and took out a beer. 
Ian froze for a few seconds as he did not know how to react to that unexpected update. 
“Susan went back? She went back just like that?” Ian asked. 
“Yeah. I bumped into her at the foyer downstairs and told her about mom. She then left right away. Oh, she said she bought this phone for you. Why do you keep changing phone?” 
Timothy immediately took notice of the new phone. It was as if he no longer had a care in the world after dumping the responsibility on Susan. 
Ian was rendered speechless. 
In that instance, he picked up the phone on his desk and ran out of the condo. 
Timothy stared at his back and looked confused. What's wrong with him? 
Meanwhile, Susan had arrived at the airport. But when she was about to purchase a flight ticket, she realized she did not have enough cash in her wallet. 
“Could you give me a special rate, miss? I'm just a student.” She begged the lady stationed at the ticketing counter. 
After glancing at Susan, the ticketing officer said, “If you're a student, you must have a student card. Show me your student card to prove your identity.” 
Susan froze for a moment. Student card? I didn't carry my student card with me. I didn't even go home just now!
Right now, Susan only had her identification card. 
She was on the verge of breaking down. “I came out in a hurry and forgot to bring my student card. I'm a student, miss, please believe me.” 
“Why don't you check my identification card? Here, here you go. Give me a discount, please! My mom is sick, and I must rush home now!” she pleaded continuously. 
Yet, the ticketing officer remained indifferent. “How can I verify your student identity based on your identification card? Do you think I can give anyone a special rate just because they beg me? Come back once you've found your student card. Next!” 
The officer's reply instantly dashed her hopes. 
Susan clenched the phone in her hands, and tears began to well up in her eyes. As she walked away from the ticketing counter, she could not help but turn around to look at the ticketing officer once in a while, hoping she would sympathize with her. 
“Hey, you need money for your flight ticket, right? How about this. You do something for me, and I'll give you the money.” 
All of a sudden, a well-dressed man appeared right in front of her and offered help. 
Susan then looked in his direction.
###Chapter 1807
Chapter 1807
“What can I help you with?” Susan asked as she needed the money to buy a ticket. 
The man started explaining what he needed her to do. “Something easy. You see, I have all this luggage with me, and I can't leave them here. Could you get me a cup of coffee in that café?” 
He pointed at the café in the basement. 
That's it? 
Susan put her guard down and agreed. 
After the man had given her the money, she went downstairs to buy him a cup of coffee. 
Buying a cup of coffee for someone was not a big deal, but she was so worried about her mother that she dropped her guard against the strangers around her in the airport. Had Susan been in her right mind, she would have remembered that there were airport workers who could help the man with the luggage. 
Yet, she did not think of that. She arrived at the basement and realized most shops were newly open. 
“A cup of coffee, please,” 
“Sure. Please wait a minute.” A middle-aged man walked up to her. 
While waiting for the drink, Susan kept looking at her watch anxiously. 
“Why don't you take a seat first? The coffee is not going to be ready anytime soon. How about a glass of water to calm you down?” The café owner then gave her a glass of water. 
Without hesitation, Susan took a sip of the water as she was thirsty. 
Some ten seconds later, her head started spinning. “You...”
“Are you tired? Why don't you take a good rest? I'll find you a comfortable spot.” 
The man walked up to Susan with a baffling smirk. 
Susan's body started trembling. She wanted to escape but was too weak to hold herself up. Instead of standing up, she fell from the chair. “S-Stay away from me. Do you know who I am?” 
“I don't care who you are. The moment you step into my shop, you'll have to obey me.” The café owner continued to inch closer with a syringe in his hand. 
Susan plunged into despair and did not know what to do. 
With the remaining strength she had, she pulled herself away. Fear was written all over her face, and tears began rolling down her cheeks. 
Never in a million years did she think she would die in such a manner. Is this karma? Do I have to pay the price for the evil deeds that the Limmers had done in the past? 
As the man approached with the syringe, Susah could only keep her eyes shut and not look at it. 
In the nick of time, something came crashing into the café. 
A flying chair then hit the man right on his head, and the sound of his cracking skull could be heard from a distance. 
Susan immediately opened her eyes. 
All of a sudden, a warm liquid splattered all over Susan's face. She woke up and saw the man lying still in front of her.
The warm liquid was the blood from the café owner's head. 
While Susan was still gasping for air, a man ran up to her and swiftly grabbed her arm. 
She then tilted her head to look at the young man. She gazed into his eyes for nearly a minute but could not hear a word he uttered. 
After regaining her consciousness, she exclaimed, “Ian!” 
She hugged his thigh and burst into tears. 
She had never been so frightened before. 
Likewise, she had never felt so helpless and disheveled too. At that moment, she had cast aside all the etiquette and embraced Ian with all her might. 
Susan just wanted to hug him tight and cry out loud. It was as if she had found a haven amidst a life- threatening thunderstorm. 
“Ian, you're here. I can't believe you're here! I thought I'm going to die, and I won't get to see you again!” She started bawling her eyes out while hugging his thigh. 
Ian's body stiffened. 
He did not know how to react as they had never experienced such intimacy before this. 
When he lowered his eyes to look at the girl, who wailed like a child, he thought she did not look like her usual steady and modest self. 
He found it amusing. “I'm here to protect you, don't worry.” 
He gently patted the back of her shoulder.
Susan froze for a bit and finally came to her senses. 
Wait a second. Am I crying while hugging my nephew's thigh? What am I doing! 
Susan tilted her head to look at the young man, and words caught in her throat as she did not know what else to say.
###Chapter 1808
Chapter 1808
“I... I...” 
“Let me carry you.” 
Subsequently, the good-looking young man bent down and picked her up in his arms. 
Though he seemed thin and slender, he could easily carry Susan up. 
She widened her teary eyes and gawked at him. 
Her gaze was fixated on him even after they had both left the cafe. 
She was literally in a daze. 
“What happened, Mr. Ian?” 
“Inform the police that the human traffickers are hiding beneath this area. If you want to keep your job, you'd better catch the mastermind red-handed. Otherwise, this airport will be acquired by the Hayes,” he instructed several men in black indifferently after getting out of the elevator. 
His stern voice and imposing aura sent a shiver down the men's spines. 
He sounds and looks exactly like... 
If the men had not seen Ian with their own eyes, they would have mistaken him for Sebastian. 
It suddenly dawned on them that Ian and his father were most alike in all aspects. 
Then, the men got to work right away. 
Susan was still feeling groggy. When she finally snapped back to her senses, she realized that she was sitting in a lounge with a hot cup of coffee in her hands.
“I've bought the tickets, and we will board the plane in half an hour's time. Take a rest for now.” 
Ian took out a bottle of water and sat beside her. 
However, he did not drink it. He kept the boarding passes and returned the identification card to her. 
Susan was completely baffled. 
When did he take my identification card? How come I wasn't aware of it? 
“What's wrong? It's not nice?” 
“Oh, nothing. It tastes good. I'm... I'm just feeling a little dizzy.” Susan lowered her head and averted his intent gaze. 
It was the first time she panicked before him 
Feeling dizzy? 
As soon as she said that, Ian recalled that she was drugged earlier on, and he rose to his feet immediately. 
Susan was stunned. “Where are you going?” 
“I'm going to get you some medicine. Don't roam around, just wait for me here.” With that, he left the lounge. 
Susan watched on for a very long time before taking her eyes off of his back. Then, she hung her head low and continued sipping on the coffee which she thought tasted very sweet. 
Half an hour later, it was time for them to board the flight. 
“Oh right, why are you here? Did Timothy say something to you when he went back?”
Upon taking her seat, Susan felt more at ease and posted a question to Ian. 
He nodded in response while scrolling through his new phone. 
The gentle sun shone into the aircraft through the windows and fell on his delicate and chiseled side profile. Basked in the golden rays, he looked absolutely handsome like a model coming straight out from a painting. 
“Yup, he said that your mom fell ill. Don't worry, I'll ask my Mommy for help.” 
He gave her a short reply without taking his eyes off of his new phone. 
Seeing so, Susan felt a little uncomfortable. 
She was the one who bought him the phone, but she could not tell if he liked it. His previous one was gifted by his parents. It was a limited edition phone with only a few of the same kind in the whole wide world. 
That made Susan a little apprehensive. 
Luckily, he started playing games on it after setting it up. 
“Um... You have to switch your phone off during take-off.” 
Hmm? 
Her statement caught his attention. 
Do I really have to switch it off? How troublesome!
Born with a golden spoon, Ian had never experienced anything less than a luxury life. He never came across this rule when he traveled in his own private jet as arranged by his father. 
Nonetheless, he obliged with a frown. 
“You can read some books. I have a Kindle in my bag. Would you like that?” Susan offered. 
“Kindle? What's that?” 
“This one.” 
Seeing that he was interested, she quickly fished out her most-loved gadget from her bag and passed it to him. 
She usually travel light, but she would always have a backpack with her to keep her phone and keys. 
Apart from those two essentials, Susan also brought her Kindle. 
Ian took it and was surprised to see an electronic book. 
Since young, Sebastian had been promoting paper books to Ian because they had a large library at home with an enormous collection of reading materials. 
When he switched the device on, the title on the first page of the screen read: Spoiled Rotten By The Domineering President. 
Ian was dumbfounded. 
“Oh no, this is not for you. Hold on, let me find another book.” 
Susan's face turned crimson red, she was dying to find a hole to bury her head at that instant. She swiftly snatched the book away and deleted it before searching for one that he would like.
There goes my reputation. This is so embarrassing!
###Chapter 1809
Chapter 1809
Throughout the rest of the journey, Susan did not dare to engage in a conversation with him. Instead, she pretended to sleep all the way. 
I've humiliated myself in the most massive way ever. 
Fortunately, Ian did not bother about her. He found a book to his liking and started reading quietly. Perhaps the concept of electronic book was all too new to him, he was very focused. 
Two hours later, they arrived in Jadeborough. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, our aircraft has arrived at your destination. Please get ready to deplane.” 
A soothing voice of the flight attendant made a landing announcement as the plane made its way to the runway. At the same time, a sense of weightlessness came along and washed everyone over. 
Susan woke up to find her head resting on Ian's shoulder. I fell asleep? Oops, I did. 
She opened her eyes bigger and saw a wet patch on his blue shirt with white stripes. 
She blanked out all of a sudden. 
Thump! 
The landing was a rough one, resulting in quite a turbulence felt by all the passengers. 
Right then, Susan wanted to wipe off the saliva marks on her face, but her effort was in vain. She swayed to the side, slid down from his shoulder, and fell into his arms. 
What an ill-fated voyage! 
A wave of colors flushed her cheeks at once. A faint fragrant from his body snapped her back to her senses, and she quickly jumped up to her feet as though she was electrified.
“Um... I'm sorry, Ian. I... dozed off just now.” 
“It's okay.” 
Coincidentally, Ian looked down too, and their eyes met. Apart from his stiffened body, a tinge of red crept up on his otherwise pale ears. 
The young man grew up in an extremely comfortably and lavish environment. Due to his health issues, his parents had never made him go for extra training like what they did to his brother. 
Hence, he had very fair and silky skin. It was totally not exaggerating to say that his skin was more delicate than most girls. 
Upon getting off the plane and exiting the airport, Susan felt much better. 
“Ian, shall we call a cab?” 
“Nope, Mommy knows that I'm back. So, Mark is waiting for us outside.” 
Striding ahead, he did not say much. 
Upon receiving his response, Susan trailed behind closely. 
If Sasha had known about Susan's situation, the latter knew that she would not need to worry about anything. This was because the kind-hearted Sasha would certainly help her out. 
She will definitely help Mom! 
Just as they had both expected, Mark did not bring them back to Oceanic Estate when they got back to Jadeborough. Instead, he drove them to the General Hospital.
“Your Mommy has brought the patient to the hospital the moment she received your call. Dr. Wallen is arranging for her check-up as we speak. Let's go and have a look.” 
“Sure.” Ian nodded. 
Susan was moved to tears when she heard those comforting words. 
Ten minutes later, they arrived at the internal medicine department. Susan scanned around and spotted her mother coming out of the examination room. 
She ran toward her. “Mom, are you okay? How are you feeling?” 
Tears welled up in her eyes again when she saw her ill mother. She's not getting any younger. Fear, anxiety, and trepidation was written all over her face. 
Sigrith said nothing. 
Meanwhile, Sasha walked over and consoled the terror-stricken Susan, “Glad to have you back. Don't worry, Dr. Wallen says that the cancer hasn't reached its terminal stage. We just need to wait for the report to be out and treat it accordingly with a surgery.” 
Upon hearing that, Susan felt like a weight was lifted off her shoulders. 
“Thank you so much, Sasha. My brother and I wouldn't know what to do if not for you.” 
“Don't mention it, we're family. Why didn't your mom inform us that she's sick? Are we outsiders? She's my aunt and I'm your cousin-in-law. We're the closest kins, so please don't act like strangers.” 
Sasha was a little frustrated.
Susan did not know how to respond to the overwhelming concern and kindness that Sasha had demonstrated toward her family. 
She assisted her mother as she said, “You're right, Sasha. My Mom is like that. She doesn't like to trouble others. Rest assured that I'll remind her that we're family, and there's no need to feel embarrassed when asking for help, right?” 
“Exactly! That should be the way.” Sasha let out a smug grin. 
Soon, the test results were out. Thankfully, it was just like what Grayson and Sasha had suspected. Sigrith's condition was not that critical. Hence, everyone discussed and finalized the date for her surgery. 
“All right, I'll only return to campus after Mom's surgery,” Susan stated resolutely after making up her mind to stay and take care of Sigrith. 
Her decision instantly fetched an ion from the lady host of the entire Jadeson family. 
“Why do you need to do so? Is there no one else at home? The Jadesons are a huge family. We can easily get two people to take care of your mother. There's no need for you, a student, to bother yourself with the nitty-gritty. You can return to campus with Ian tomorrow.”
###Chapter 1810
Chapter 1810
“But...” 
“Okay, great. Now that this is sorted out, Ian, you should come home with me and rest early tonight.” 
Sasha did not leave Susan any room for further discussion. After rejecting her request swiftly, she changed the topic and focused on her son. 
Ian was quiet the whole time. 
When he was about to leave, he took out the Kindle and returned it to Susan. 
“Here you go.” 
“Hmm?” Susan looked up at his face, only to realize that he had looked away and walked off with his mother. 
Holding on to her device, she watched the mother and son duo leave the ward. Moments later, she collected herself after Sigrith approached her. 
“Susan, you must repay the kindness of your cousin and his wife, did you hear me? We must have done something right in our past lives to have met such compassionate people in this life.” 
She nagged like a doting mother, reminding her to be grateful. 
Susan said nothing. 
She gripped her device tightly until her knuckles turned white from the vice-like grip. 
Slowly, she released her fingers when they entered the elevator. 
“Yes, Mom. I'll surely remember their good deeds and try my best to return the favor.”
“Great. Listen to them, and don't upset them in any way. Do remember to keep a look out for Ian in school. This is basic courtesy, do you understand?” 
“I know...” she muttered indifferently, almost inaudible. 
Yes, I'll etch this advice in my head to fulfill my duty as a senior and take care of Ian. I shall do so to show my gratitude toward the couple and their family. 
Then, Susan went home with her mother. 
After a simple meal, Susan went into the room to help her mother pack her hospital bag. 
Buzz! 
Suddenly, her phone rang. 
Who could it be to send me a message at this hour? 
She stopped what she was doing and reached for the phone. 
Upon unlocking the screen, she noticed the black and white profile picture. There was no text apart from a screenshot of flight details. 
It's Ian! 
Subconsciously, her lips curled upward. Her fingers started typing away, and she was ready to send him a list of messages to initiate a small talk. 
What are you up to? Have you had dinner? What did you eat? 
She typed a lot, but hesitated right before she was about to click the send button. 
Her mother's advice dawned on her...
Susan replied: Received with thanks, Ian. 
In the end, she sent him a laconic yet formal response. 
Meanwhile, at the Oceanic Estate, only the lights in a bedroom on the second floor were still brightly lit. Ian was playing computer games while waiting for her reply. 
As soon as he heard the phone buzzing, he paused the game and immediately checked his phone. 
Instantly, his good-looking face became sullen, and his mood was completely ruined upon reading the message. 
As a consequence, all the other players in the game were killed by him that very night. It was an awful and unbearable sight to watch. 
The following day, Sasha woke up earlier than usual, knowing that her son had morning classes. 
Awakened by the noise, Sebastian asked, “Why did you get up so early?” 
“I have to prepare breakfast for our son. He's going to school today. I've got to be quick, or else he's going to miss the flight,” Sasha answered while putting on her clothes. 
Right as she said that, he pulled her back into bed. 
“Why is he taking a flight? Get Karl to drop him off using the helicopter. Come sleep with me for a while more. I didn't sleep well last night.” 
Afterward, he tucked her in and hugged her to sleep. 
Sasha was so annoyed, but she could not escape his embrace.
Ian woke up around eight. Upon checking the time on his watch and realizing that it was getting late, he got up immediately. 
“Good morning, Mr. Ian, you're up?” 
“Yup. Where are Mommy and the others?” he asked as he took a seat at the dining table and picked up a fork. 
The housemaid dared not tell him the truth that the adults were sleeping in. 
Hence, she came up with an excuse. “Madam and Mr. Sebastian went grocery shopping. This breakfast spread was prepared by Madam. She said that Mr. Frost will take you to school once you're done eating.” 
What? 
Ian raised his head. 
Mr. Frost is sending me to school? I thought I've said no to Daddy last night? Why did he insist on this arrangement? 
He put the food down, grabbed his backpack, and headed out. 
The housemaid was taken aback. 
“Where are you going? Why did you leave in the middle of breakfast?” reprimanded a solemn voice. 
Hearing so, Ian stopped in his tracks and dared not move a muscle. 
“Good morning, Great-grandpa.” 
He turned around and was met by a sulky Jonathan who had just entered the hall with his walking stick.
His greeting put a smile on Jonathan's face. 
“Sit down and finish your breakfast. How can you neglect the most important meal of the day when you're hitting puberty?” he instructed his great-grandson to sit down and accompany him for breakfast. 
Jonathan had been wanting to spend more time with everyone in the family.
###Chapter 1811
Chapter 1811
Since age was catching up on Jonathan, he really longed for more opportunities to spend quality time with the younger ones. 
However, as his great-grandchildren grew older, they became more independent and eventually drifted further from the family. 
The obedient Ian obliged and sat down beside him. 
“Are you settling down well in your new campus, Ian? How busy are you with your school work?” 
“Not busy,” he answered honestly. 
Then, he scooped a bowl of soup for Jonathan, making the latter very well pleased. 
My eldest great-grandchild is such a sweet boy who is filial toward his elders. 
After having several mouthfuls, Jonathan continued posting questions to Ian. “What about your classmates? Getting along well? I heard that you did a project for Hayes Corporation in between your studies. Can you cope with everything?” 
“It's fine. I'm done with it now, and it's going to be launched very soon. If... you're free to drop by during the opening, Great-grandpa, Mark can bring you there.” 
Unexpectedly, Ian invited Jonathan to go witness the fruit of his labor, the very first showcase of his solo venture into the corporate world. 
“Really?” 
Jonathan's eyes lit up in response. Having received an invitation out of the blue was like a highlight to his mundane lifestyle.
Ian nodded. “Of course! The building is located in the Old Town. Thus, I purposely designed an arcade for the senior citizens. You can enjoy yourself there with the others when you come to visit.” 
“Hahaha...” Jonathan was over the moon. 
“Wow, my oldest Great-grandson is so capable! Sure, that's excellent! I'll make sure I bring along my old comrades from Jadeborough to support you on your launching day.” 
“Terrific!” Ian grinned. 
By the time breakfast was over, Karl was already outside. 
“Mr. Ian, the helicopter is ready. Let's take our leave.” 
Ian's grimaced at that news. 
Susan took the flight back to Pollerton that day. 
She waited for hours at the airport, but the person who gave her the tickets did not show up. Finally, she gave him a call when it was time for boarding. 
“Hello, the number that you've dialed is temporarily unavailable.” 
Staring at her phone, a reminder from her mother before she departed her house that morning kept playing in her head. 
Susan, don't take the private jet. Go for the flight. We've bothered them too much. Let us be reminded of our place. 
At that thought, she kept her phone in her backpack.
Fifteen minutes later, the plane took off. She looked at the empty seat next to her and plunged into complete silence. 
When she arrived at Pollerton, a southern city, she was greeted by the monsoon season. As soon as she got out of the airport, dark clouds hovered above her head. The endless drizzle shrouded the entire city like a rain curtain. 
“Miss, do you need a cab?” 
“No thanks, I'm taking the bus.” 
With only a couple of hundred in her purse, she strode to the bus station nearby. 
The rain got heavier. Though the distance between the airport and the station was only a mile, she had already gotten herself drenched shortly after she exited the airport without an umbrella. 
Luckily, she did not need to wait very long for the next bus heading to downtown. 
Hence, she got herself a ticket and boarded the bus. 
“Hello? Are you in class, Timothy? Otherwise, please come pick me up at the station. I don't have an umbrella with me. 
When she was about to reach her destination, the rain had not stopped. She gave her brother a call and urged him to come quick. 
Where's Timothy? 
Although he was a happy-go-lucky guy, he cared for his sister a lot. When he heard that Susan was on her way back, he hurriedly borrow a friend's moped to go fetch her. 
“Susan, you're alone? Where's Ian?”
In the midst of the incessant pitter-patter, that was the first thing that came to Timothy's mind when he saw Susan. 
She pressed her lips, got herself up the moped, and put on her raincoat. 
Subsequently, she grabbed the hem of Timothy's shirt and said, “Well, his family sent him back separately. By the way, did you get into any trouble when I was away these two days?” 
“What are you trying to imply? Why would I get into any trouble? I've been working my a** off, attending lessons everyday.” 
“Fine. Ian will be back soon. Let's head back to the apartment first. I need to get changed while you go for marketing. Then, I'll make us all a meal before we go for our classes this afternoon.” Susan had it all planned out. 
Just as Susan had predicted, Ian returned to the apartment half an hour after their arrival. 
“You're finally back, Ian? Why is your private helicopter so slow? My sister is back for a while now,” Timothy grumbled jokingly while mopping the living room when Ian walked into the house. 
Instantly, the latter's expression changed. 
“Where is Susan?” 
“She's cooking lunch in the kitchen. You're back at the right time. She's almost done. We were just waiting for you.” Timothy pointed at the range hood, in the direction of the kitchen. 
Ian fell silent. 
My eldest great-grandchild is such a sweet boy who is filial toward his elders. 
After having several mouthfuls, Jonathan continued posting questions to Ian. “What about your classmates? Getting along well? I heard that you did a project for Hayes Corporation in between your studies. Can you cope with everything?” 
“It's fine. I'm done with it now, and it's going to be launched very soon. If... you're free to drop by during the opening, Great-grandpa, Mark can bring you there.” 
Unexpectedly, Ian invited Jonathan to go witness the fruit of his labor, the very first showcase of his solo venture into the corporate world. 
“Really?” 
Jonathan's eyes lit up in response. Having received an invitation out of the blue was like a highlight to his mundane lifestyle. 
Ian nodded. “Of course! The building is located in the Old Town. Thus, I purposely designed an arcade for the senior citizens. You can enjoy yourself there with the others when you come to visit.” 
“Hahaha...” Jonathan was over the moon. 
“Wow, my oldest Great-grandson is so capable! Sure, that's excellent! I'll make sure I bring along my old comrades from Jadeborough to support you on your launching day.” 
“Terrific!” Ian grinned.
By the time breakfast was over, Karl was already outside. 
“Mr. Ian, the helicopter is ready. Let's take our leave.” 
Ian's grimaced at that news. 
Susan took the flight back to Pollerton that day. 
She waited for hours at the airport, but the person who gave her the tickets did not show up. Finally, she gave him a call when it was time for boarding. 
“Hello, the number that you've dialed is temporarily unavailable.” 
Staring at her phone, a reminder from her mother before she departed her house that morning kept playing in her head. 
Susan, don't take the private jet. Go for the flight. We've bothered them too much. Let us be reminded of our place. 
At that thought, she kept her phone in her backpack. 
Fifteen minutes later, the plane took off. She looked at the empty seat next to her and plunged into complete silence. 
When she arrived at Pollerton, a southern city, she was greeted by the monsoon season. As soon as she got out of the airport, dark clouds hovered above her head. The endless drizzle shrouded the entire city like a rain curtain. 
“Miss, do you need a cab?” 
“No thanks, I'm taking the bus.”
With only a couple of hundred in her purse, she strode to the bus station nearby. 
The rain got heavier. Though the distance between the airport and the station was only a mile, she had already gotten herself drenched shortly after she exited the airport without an umbrella. 
Luckily, she did not need to wait very long for the next bus heading to downtown. 
Hence, she got herself a ticket and boarded the bus. 
“Hello? Are you in class, Timothy? Otherwise, please come pick me up at the station. I don't have an umbrella with me. 
When she was about to reach her destination, the rain had not stopped. She gave her brother a call and urged him to come quick. 
Where's Timothy? 
Although he was a happy-go-lucky guy, he cared for his sister a lot. When he heard that Susan was on her way back, he hurriedly borrow a friend's moped to go fetch her. 
“Susan, you're alone? Where's Ian?” 
In the midst of the incessant pitter-patter, that was the first thing that came to Timothy's mind when he saw Susan. 
She pressed her lips, got herself up the moped, and put on her raincoat. 
Subsequently, she grabbed the hem of Timothy's shirt and said, “Well, his family sent him back separately. By the way, did you get into any trouble when I was away these two days?” 
“What are you trying to imply? Why would I get into any trouble? I've been working my a** off, attending lessons everyday.”
“Fine. Ian will be back soon. Let's head back to the apartment first. I need to get changed while you go for marketing. Then, I'll make us all a meal before we go for our classes this afternoon.” Susan had it all planned out. 
Just as Susan had predicted, Ian returned to the apartment half an hour after their arrival. 
“You're finally back, Ian? Why is your private helicopter so slow? My sister is back for a while now,” Timothy grumbled jokingly while mopping the living room when Ian walked into the house. 
Instantly, the latter's expression changed. 
“Where is Susan?” 
“She's cooking lunch in the kitchen. You're back at the right time. She's almost done. We were just waiting for you.” Timothy pointed at the range hood, in the direction of the kitchen. 
Ian fell silent.
###Chapter 1812
Chapter 1812
“Ah, Ian! Welcome back! You're just in time for lunch! Go wash your hands and have a seat!” Susan greeted him with a surprised smile when she came out of the kitchen with the food. 
Huh? Is she not mad at me? 
Ian thought to himself in confusion while staring long and hard at her. 
Not only was she not angry at him in the slightest, but she also had her usual warm and caring look on her face. 
Feeling a little relieved, Ian replied with a nod, “Okay.” 
He then put his bag down and went to wash his hands in the bathroom. 
The atmosphere in the house returned to normal that day, and the three of them headed out together when the rain stopped later that afternoon. Because Timothy was in a hurry to attend a competition, Susan drove Ian to university using her moped instead. 
“Ian, did your father say anything about the project you're in charge of? Is he satisfied with your performance?” she asked along the way. 
Having gotten used to riding around on mopeds, Ian was casually reading through an electronic book while seated behind her. 
“He didn't ask.” 
“What? He didn't ask? Why not? Was he unsatisfied with your performance?” 
Susan grew anxious when she heard that. She even slowed down a little just so she could hear him clearly.
Ian looked up at her when he noticed the sudden decrease in speed. 
“The fact that he didn't ask me about it could also indicate something else.” 
“What would that be?” 
“That he doesn't need to worry about it at all!” Ian replied confidently. 
Oh, wow... Okay... You know what? Screw it, I'm not going to ask any further! 
Susan thought to himself as she continued the journey to the university in silence. 
“Susan, Ian, nice to see you two back on campus again! I heard you guys took the day off and went home yesterday. What happened? Is everything all right?” Zaylynn exclaimed in surprise the moment she saw them. 
Susan simply flashed her a smile and brought the moped to a halt so Ian could get off. 
“You head on over to your classroom, Ian. I'll be in the Faculty of Business Administration. Give me a call if Timothy isn't able to pick you up when your class is over, and I'll come right over.” 
“Okay.” Ian nodded obediently. 
Zaylynn, on the other hand, started yapping the moment Susan left. 
“Why does it have to be her that picks you up, Ian? I have a car, so I can send you home too! It's way more comfortable than a moped! Ian? Hey, Ian! Wait, don't go!” 
Zaylynn stomped her feet in anger when she saw Ian carry on walking like she didn't exist. 
She then followed closely behind him until they arrived at the Faculty of Finance. Suddenly, the two of them happened to bump into Yasmin and Jacques. 
“Ah, Ian! You're back!” Jacques called out to him worriedly upon seeing him. 
Not wanting to be rude to him, Ian stopped in his tracks and said, “Yeah.” 
“Is everything all right at home? You left in such a hurry that Yasmin had to take care of your leave application!” Jacques shot Yasmin a glance as he asked. 
A faint blush could be seen on Yasmin's pretty, fair face when she heard that. 
“Oh, it's nothing worth mentioning! I—” 
“Anything else I need to know? If not, I'll be on my way to class now,” Ian cut her off coldly, much to Yasmin and Jacques' surprise. 
Neither of them was expecting for Ian to be so cold toward them. 
Even Zaylynn was so shocked that she only snapped out of her daze when Ian entered the classroom. 
“Hey, Ian! Wait for me! Ian!” she shouted while running after him. 
Yasmin's face was red with anger and embarrassment, and her knuckles turned white from how tightly she clutched her books.
“Um, Yasmin... Please don't take it personally. I heard Ian is just cold and aloof like that. He's not good at socializing with people, so we need to be more patient with him,” Jacques advised her when he noticed her response, but she didn't seem to hear him at all. 
Moments later, she just turned around and walked off without saying a word. 
D*mn, that's way scarier than her lashing out angrily! 
Jacques thought to himself as he watched her leave. 
Ian found the class to be quite all right, but it would be so much better if Zaylynn didn't pester him incessantly. 
“Ian, look! I've made the notes for the classes that you missed! It's all here!” she said while handing him the notes that she had prepared throughout the past two days. 
It was her first time ever doing such a thing. 
Being quite the lazy student, the fact that she even prepared her own notes was a miracle in itself.
###Chapter 1813
Chapter 1813
Zaylynn was eagerly hoping for Ian to thank her for the notes, but he didn't seem to need them at all. 
Despite being absent for two days, Ian was able to keep up with the lessons just fine. In fact, he even seemed a little impatient and annoyed at how slow the lecturer was progressing through the syllabus. 
Although Zaylynn felt disappointed that her strategy of preparing the notes had failed due to Ian's high level of intelligence, she still had other tricks up her sleeve. 
“By the way, Ian, I booked you a spot for Professor Rind's lecture this Friday! It wasn't easy, but I managed to get you a front-row seat!” 
Ian turned around and glanced at her upon hearing that. “Professor Rind?” 
Thinking she had struck gold, Zaylynn got really excited as she introduced the professor, “Yeah! Professor Andy Rind is the most famous professor in this university! He used to be a leading figure of Wall Street in Moranta! I heard he was very influential at that time!” 
Andy was indeed Sasha's boss when she was working in Wall Street back then, so what Zaylynn said wasn't exactly far from the truth either. In fact, Andy used to be so powerful that he was bold enough to take on Hayes Corporation. 
That man posed such a huge threat that Dad had to deal with him personally, and now, he ends up working as a professor here in this university? 
Ian became interested in Andy after recalling his history with Sasha. “Okay, what time is his lecture on Friday?” 
“Ten in the morning!” Zaylynn replied excitedly while holding all ten of her fingers up. 
Yes! He agreed to it! My dream guy has agreed to attend the lecture with me!
As Ian had accepted her invitation, his attitude toward her warmed up a little. He even allowed her to sit next to him in the market analysis practical session after that. 
The main problem, however, was her immense lack of intellect. 
“Ian, I don't know how to solve this. Could you teach me?” she asked coquettishly. 
Naturally, Ian ignored all of her questions as usual. 
Yasmin was attending that same class as well, and she glared coldly at Zaylynn when she heard her coquettish voice. 
“What are you doing, Zaylynn? We're in class right now. This isn't the time for you to be having discussions. You can ask the lecturer if you have any questions,” she said sternly. 
Naturally, Zaylynn wasn't about to just take that without fighting back. 
“I'm not having a discussion! I'm consulting Ian on something I'm not sure of! What, you got a problem with him teaching me?” 
“You...” 
Yasmin was livid with rage upon hearing that, but Zaylynn didn't seem to care at all. 
She even pulled a face at Yasmin and flashed her a smug grin just to rub it in. 
Since they were both girls, it was only natural that Zaylynn noticed Ian being close with Yasmin. As such, she was deliberately trying to spite her as much as she could. 
Time went by rather quickly, and the class was soon over.
Right when they were about to end the lessons for the day, news about the university's prepaid cards being hacked spread all over campus. 
“Hey, did you hear? The amounts stolen were worth tens of thousands! They say it's the girls from the Faculty of Finance that did it!” 
“Really? How did they pull off such a crazy stunt? That's so scary!” 
“I know, right?” 
The university's forum was exploding with comments discussing the incident. 
Susan was coming over to pick Ian up after class when she saw Zaylynn and a few of her closest friends being taken away by the chief administrator. 
Huh? What happened? 
As she had been busy with classes in the Faculty of Business Administration, she had no idea what was going on at all. 
“What's going on? Why are they being taken away?” she asked the student standing next to her. 
“You didn't hear? Zaylynn lent her family's credit card to her friends so they could splurge on the university's prepaid cards! Someone exposed what she did, and now they're being taken away for investigation!” the student explained angrily. 
What? Seriously? Has Zaylynn lost her mind? She's the one who will bear the cost in the end if they're using her family's credit card! Not only has she ruined her reputation, but she also literally pays the price for her actions! 
Susan thought to herself in shock after hearing that.
Unsure of what to make of it, Susan was about to head on in when someone called out to her from behind, “Susan?” 
“Huh?” She turned around in response, only to see a pretty girl standing behind her. 
She was wearing a pair of jeans and a black T-shirt with white stars on it, giving her a refreshing yet cold appearance. 
That girl was none other than Yasmin herself. 
“What is it, Yasmin?” 
“Oh, I just wanted to ask you why you two went home so suddenly yesterday. Did something happen?” she asked directly. 
Unlike how reserved and conservative she was when faced with Ian, she was able to be completely open and direct with Susan. 
Susan's expression turned slightly gloomy as she replied, “Yeah, something came up.” 
“What happened? Is it a problem within his family? Why didn't you tell me about it yesterday? Did you know that he lashed out at me after you left? He even ignored me completely! I've been worried sick for the past two days!” Yasmin exclaimed angrily.
###Chapter 1814
Chapter 1814
Being a girl that prioritized her studies over everything else, she rarely cared about others. 
However, all of that changed ever since she came across Ian. 
Yasmin found herself wanting things between them to return to the way they were at the start. On top of that, she also wanted him to share all of his problems with her alone. 
She would feel overjoyed whenever he looked at her, and him being cold toward her would upset her more than anything else in the world. 
Yasmin really hated this side of her, but she simply couldn't help it. The fact that Ian went to his aunt first when faced with trouble left her in a really bad mood. 
“It's nothing, really. By the way, you mentioned something about him lashing out at you?” 
“Yeah... I thought he didn't want me accompanying him, but it looks like he was in a bad mood because of what happened in his family. Am I right?” Yasmin asked with a pout. 
Susan simply fell silent as she recalled how Ian had smashed the smartphone angrily in front of her when she got back. 
“Susan?” 
“Yasmin, I think you should stay away from him in the future,” Susan replied with an expressionless face all of a sudden. 
Yasmin froze. 
“W-What did you just say? Could you say that again?”
“Ian doesn't like you, Yasmin. I suggest you stop pestering him and keep your distance from him the next time you see him on campus,” Susan said coldly before walking off. 
Ian definitely doesn't like Yasmin, or he wouldn't have lashed out at me and smashed the phone like that. Heck, he even accused me of making decisions on his behalf! Wait... So, that's what he was so mad about yesterday? D*mn, why didn't I realize it sooner? I'm so dumb! 
Susan smacked herself on the forehead in frustration at the thought of that. It was at that moment that she made up her mind to stop Yasmin from pestering Ian any further. 
She had barely taken a few steps when someone grabbed her by the arm from behind. 
“What are you talking about, Susan? Could you repeat what you just said earlier?” 
The look on Yasmin's pretty face had become extremely stern and somewhat vicious in an instant. 
Susan frowned as she glared at her hand. 
“Have I not made myself clear enough for you?” 
“No, you most certainly have not! You clearly told me to go all out in courting him! Not only did you give me your full approval, but you even encouraged me and supported my pursuit! Why are you suddenly telling me to stop now? What's the meaning of this, huh?” Yasmin was so mad that she practically spat those words out. 
What the heck is she playing at? She was the one who offered to help me win Ian over! She said she would give me a chance, so why is she telling me to stay away from Ian now that I have finally decided to abandon my pride and dreams in pursuit of him? How could she do this to me?
With that in mind, Yasmin continued with a crazed expression on her face, “Does toying with the feelings of others run in your family or something? You Limmers hurt my brother in the past, and now you're going to hurt me too? Are we just pawns to you guys? Is that it?” 
They were causing such a huge commotion that everyone passing by stopped and stared at them. 
Susan went pale instantly and instinctively took a few steps back upon hearing that. 
“N-No... That's not it...” she stammered. 
Yasmin maintained her fierce glare as she asked, “Is that so? In that case, why does it matter who I pursue? Don't tell me you actually want to keep him all to yourself?” 
Unable to contain her emotions any further, Susan snapped back at her, “No! He's my nephew, and I won't let you slander us like that!” 
“Then stay the heck out of my way, Aunt Susan!” Yasmin retorted and shot her a disdainful look before walking off. 
Susan simply stood there staring blankly into space in complete silence. 
It wasn't until everyone left that she came back to her senses and slumped weakly to the ground. 
She felt like a part of her had been removed, and it left her feeling empty inside. 
Having been excellent in everything she did growing up, she had never expected to be pressured that much by the Limmer family name. 
It brought her constant fear and allowed others to humiliate her wherever she went, even though she didn't do anything wrong.
Susan felt so broken that she couldn't even muster the strength to get back on her feet. 
Suddenly, someone came forward and stood before her.
###Chapter 1815
Chapter 1815
“What did she say to you?” 
The voice sounded so cold that it sent shivers down Susan's spine when she heard it. 
She looked up at the person in response and went pale upon seeing who it was. “Ian? H-Has your class ended already? She didn't say anything in particular. Let's head back now that your class is over.” 
Not wanting to worsen the situation, Susan tried to get out of there as quickly as possible. 
However, Ian wasn't about to just let it slide like that. The look in his eyes grew cold when he saw that she refused to tell him the truth, and he walked off immediately after. 
“Ian? Where are you going? Come back here!” 
Susan was so frightened that she quickly ran after him and grabbed him by the arm. 
“Let go of me!” 
“I won't let go! It's fine, Ian! Don't go after her! She doesn't like me, to begin with, so it's normal for her to say some mean things once in a while! Please don't blow this out of proportion!” she pleaded while holding on to his arm as tightly as she could. 
Ian paused and decided to not chase after Yasmin in the end. However, he still sent out a text upon heading out the front gate. 
A few minutes later, Hayes Corporation's hiring manager came running out of the Human Resources Department. 
“Who's in charge of recruitment for the internship program this year?” 
“I am, Sir,” replied an elderly staff.
The hiring manager waved at the staff as he said, “Is there an applicant named Yasmin Snow from University of Pollerton? I want her name deleted from the system right away! Also, arrange for Susan Jadeson to be an intern in the Finance Department!” 
“Yes, Sir!” the elderly staff replied and deleted Yasmin's name from the list immediately. 
Being a huge company, it was only natural for Hayes Corporation to contribute to society. As such, the company would hire a bunch of interns during summer vacation every year. On top of that, it was also a way for the company to discover more talents among the youth and possibly recruit them into the company in the future. 
Yasmin's application went through a bunch of screening tests before finally being approved, so it was truly a shame that she got disqualified like that. 
The atmosphere in the apartment was as peaceful as usual that night. 
“Ian, Timothy, I made us some soup! Come help yourselves in the kitchen!” Susan called out to them as she tidied up the kitchen counter and took her apron off. 
“Aren't you going to have some too, Susan?” Timothy asked when he saw her leaving the kitchen. 
“You two go on ahead. I still have some revision to do,” Susan replied before hurrying off to her bedroom. 
Ian saw Timothy helping himself to the soup when he entered the kitchen. 
“Ah, there you are! Here, have some soup!” Timothy said while pointing at the bowl of soup prepared for him. 
“Where's your sister?” Ian asked while sitting down at the table.
“She's doing some revision. She missed out on quite a lot in the past two days, and she has a test coming up in a few days.” 
Huh? Another test? 
Ian stared blankly at him in confusion. 
“Haven't you heard? She failed her exam the last time, so she did some digging and found out that there was an issue with the test questions. The university is letting her sit for the exam again,” Timothy explained when he saw Ian's clueless expression. 
Little did he know, Ian was actually oblivious to the fact that Susan botched her exam. 
“Actually, there is no need for her to take the exam,” Ian replied calmly. 
“Huh? What do you mean? Are you saying that you can get her a position in your family's company?” Timothy looked up at him in surprise upon hearing that. 
“Yes, that's right,” Ian mumbled as he carried on sipping on his soup. 
Despite his best efforts to maintain a calm expression, Timothy's penetrating gaze caused him to feel awkward and unnatural. 
Timothy was so touched that he gave Ian a few pats on the shoulder as he exclaimed, “Tsk, tsk, tsk... You sure are a considerate nephew, aren't you? It's too bad my sister probably wouldn't agree with your arrangement!” 
Ian looked up at him immediately. “Why? Why won't she agree with it?” 
“You may not know this, but she doesn't like relying on connections to get what she wants. Instead, she prefers to fight for what she wants and earn it all by herself. Honestly, you have no idea how annoying
that can get! She's always scored first in school every year!” Timothy got a little annoyed upon mentioning that. 
Because of how excellent Susan was, their parents have always doubted his capabilities since he was a kid. The difference between him and Susan was so huge that they often joked about him being adopted. 
Although Ian knew she wouldn't accept his kind offer, he didn't get mad at her because of it.
###Chapter 1816
Chapter 1816
Instead, his eyes were filled with admiration and respect when he glanced at Susan’s bedroom door. He then quickly finished up his soup and prepared to leave. 
“Hey, where are you going? Aren’t you going to do the dishes?” Timothy called out to him. 
“I’m busy! There are a lot of things that I need to take care of!” Ian replied as he ran off. 
The next morning, Ian was reading his electronic book while seated behind Susan as usual when she drove him to campus. 
The two of them zipping through the little park near the university was quite a sight to behold. 
“Ah, Susan, you’re here! Professor Shaw is looking for you.” 
“Oh, really?” 
Professor Shaw was the person in charge of her exam, so Susan stopped her moped upon hearing that. 
“You head on over, then. I’ll go to the Faculty of Finance by myself.” Ian said as he got off the moped. 
“All right. Take care now!” Susan replied with a smile before giving that student a ride to their faculty. 
“Your nephew sure is handsome, Susan! I heard he’s the hottest guy in the Faculty of Finance! No, I think he’s the hottest guy on campus!” said the student jokingly as she and Susan were quite close. 
Susan didn’t know whether to laugh or cry when she heard that. 
“What are you going on about? Focus on your studies!” 
“I just want to know if your nephew has a girlfriend. If not, maybe you could get us both introduced or something! Since we’re such good friends, it’ll make the whole process a lot easier!”
Susan deliberately put on an angry expression as she shouted through clenched teeth, “Oh, shut up!” 
Little did they know, Ian had been standing there the whole time and overheard everything they said. 
Yeah, this is how youth should be! Free from drama, schemes, and conspiracies… A young woman like her should be enjoying life to the fullest and shine brightest among everyone else! 
With that in mind, Ian turned around and began heading over to his faculty building. 
He had barely taken a few steps forward when another moped pulled up beside him. 
“Ian? What are you doing here?” Yasmin asked in surprise when she happened to pass by and saw him standing there. 
The look in Ian’s eyes turned cold instantly upon seeing her. He then ignored her completely and carried on walking, leaving Yasmin rooted to the spot with her face all pale. 
However, she bit down on her lip and refused to give up when she saw the breakfast she had bought him. 
“Ian, want me to give you a ride? We’re still quite far away from our faculty building. Oh, and I also bought breakfast! It’s the sandwiches you said you liked! Would you like to have some?” she asked while cruising slowly beside him. 
Ian simply kept on walking without saying a word, much to her disappointment. As they arrived at a corner, Zaylynn showed up and asked, “Good morning, Ian! Why are you walking to class? Want me to give you a ride?” 
Before getting into her car, Ian turned around and shot Yasmin a cold glare as he said, “I don’t know what gave you the courage to continue hitting on me, but you’d better stay out of my way if you want to continue studying here.”
Those words hit her like a bolt from the blue and stabbed at her heart like a knife. 
“Why is that?” Yasmin asked while trembling all over. 
“Why, you ask? Do you really need me to tell you what you did? Don’t think that you can do whatever you want to Susan just because you know the Limmer family’s secret. Keep in mind that I can have you silenced permanently if I so much as feel like it!” 
Ian sounded sinister and terrifying like a devil when he said that. 
Yasmin felt like the world around her had been plunged into darkness. 
“You… Are you going to kill me?” 
“I won’t kill you because you’re Duncan’s sister, but I can keep you locked up somewhere far away for the rest of your life!” Ian replied viciously. 
Yasmin’s eyes went wide with shock when she heard he would keep her imprisoned for life. 
That was when she truly realized what Susan meant when she said Ian didn’t like her, and that he was only nice to her because of Duncan. 
How could they do this to me? I’m the victim here! It’s the Limmers and the Jadesons who destroyed my family! 
Yasmin thought to herself as she stood there and watched Ian leave in Zaylynn’s car. 
Her fists were so tightly clenched that her nails dug deep into her palms, and her eyes were bloodshot from anger.
A few minutes later, she pulled out her phone and replied to an email that had been pending her action for a long time: I’m in! 
###Chapter 1817
Chapter 1817
Susan did very well on her paper, having almost scored full marks. 
Even the professor was happy for her. 
“With grades like these, Susan, you could go anywhere you want. Have you decided where you would like to apply for an internship?” 
Susan decided to be frank. “Yes. I sent my resume to Hayes Corporation.” 
Hayes Corporation! They’re ranked first in the country. 
The professor gazed at her approvingly as nothing made him happier than seeing his students get a good start in their careers. “Good on you to aim high! I’d be happy to write you a recommendation letter when I return. Rest assured, Susan. You’re getting in.” 
Susan was overjoyed. 
After exiting the faculty building, she did not wait to break the news in her Whatsapp group with the other two. 
Susan texted: Good news, guys. I passed! 
Ian was the first one to reply: Congratulations! 
Timothy chimed in next: Should I expect a celebratory meal? I’m feeling KFC tonight. 
This freeloading brother of mine! 
However, Susan was in a very good mood and agreed. 
She replied: KFC on me tonight, then. By the way, what are you two doing?
Timothy responded: I’m playing ball with the management department next door. Having a blast! 
Ian, however, answered: I am in Professor Rind’s lecture. 
Susan perked up. Professor Rind? The Wall Street Investor turned teacher? 
She hurriedly texted: I’m coming over. Do you have a spot available? It’s always packed whenever this professor gives a lecture. Latecomers never get seats. 
Timothy chimed in again: What’s so interesting about that professor? 
Susan retorted: Shut up! 
Ian texted: There still are. Come on over. 
Susan’s eyes lit up in anticipation as she rented a bicycle and took off toward the lecture hall at the other end of the university with her knapsack on her back. 
As the Faculty of Business Administration was inherently related to finance, a lecture given by such a legendary figure with his Wall Street credentials would only benefit her. 
Despite making it there as quickly as she could, Susan discovered to her dismay that even the exterior of the lecture hall was crammed with hopeful students holding their laptops at the ready, trying desperately to glean something from the speaker within. 
I knew it! Looks like all of them had the same idea as me. 
Grimacing while muttering awkward apologies, Susan squeezed her way through. 
Fortunately, she quickly spotted the handsome young man through the dense crowd sitting in the first row. Next to him was a girl with her hair in a topknot clad in a cute floral dress.
Zaylynn? 
Susan was stunned. 
“Over here, Susan!” The girl had also spotted her and was already beckoning frantically with her arms. 
The sound of her name roused Susan out of her reverie. 
Only Ms. Neal is capable of knowing no embarrassment. 
Striding over to her friends as inconspicuously as she could, Susan squeezed herself into Zaylynn’s seat. 
“You could have told me you were coming, Susan. I would have reserved three seats.” 
“That’s all right. I’ve only just found out from Ian today that Professor Rind is giving a lecture. A single seat should fit two skinny girls like us.” 
Gazing at the girl’s indignant yet delighted expression at her presence, Susan could not help returning the smile as she was fond of Zaylynn. 
Though she’s loud and not very bright at times, her heart’s in the right place. 
Without wasting any more time, Susan started her laptop. 
“Here’s what happened before you arrived,” Ian offered as he slid his notes over. 
Susan took the notebook from him and perused it quickly. 
“God, he’s amazing. We were never taught any of these in class.” 
“He is,” Zaylynn said proudly. “Why else would I save you a seat?”
Susan tousled her friend’s bun and grinned in response. 
It did not take long for her to catch up with the help of Ian’s notes. Soon, she could not only keep up with Andy’s lecture, but she had also begun taking her notes. 
“Remember, many factors cause fluctuations in exchange rates. Therefore, conducting a thorough market analysis should always be the first step. Factors such as the military, crude oil, and natural disasters are major determinants of the market’s direction. If you find that they pose a risk to your investment, you must stop immediately.” 
Characteristic of a Wall Street investor, Andy’s speech was bold. 
However, every word of his rang true as the market would either plummet or skyrocket from the determinants he mentioned, regardless of the nature of the financial instruments. 
“I have a question, Professor,” a voice came from the middle of the lecture hall. “Some of the factors you mentioned are beyond our ability to predict. How can we stay ahead of them?” 
Susan’s writing hand froze as that very question had occurred to her. 
Though the discovery of crude oil may contribute to market fluctuations, the prediction of military instability and natural disasters were factors that most civilians would not be able to foresee. 
###Chapter 1818
Chapter 1818
Yes, how can we stay ahead of them? 
Seated atop the stage, Andy suddenly sighed. 
“Good question. This brings me to my next point: talent!” 
“I know that it’s not appropriate to talk about this at university where meritocracy is the norm,” he continued with a wink, “but we have to admit that it plays a role. Some people, like this friend of mine, are able to spot innocuous clues at a glance.” 
At the sudden mention of his friend with such prophetic abilities, the students in the hall began to engage in a buzz of speculations. They were eager to learn the identity of such a talented individual. 
Susan was one of them. 
“She is a woman,” Andy proclaimed, smiling with pride and nostalgia. “A decade younger than me, but what a talent she had for financial forecasting. In fact, she predicted the famous oil riot in Zaewora and made me a fortune.” 
The mysterious introduction only served to excite the students even more. 
“Who is she, Professor? Where is she working now? Is there any chance of her giving a lecture?” 
Andy chuckled. 
“She’s retired from public life and is very happy remaining home with her husband and children. Even I am unable to make an appointment with her,” he remarked only half-jokingly. 
It’s true. She’s a powerful woman now. I’m not even qualified to shine her shoes. 
The lecture lasted a full two hours. The sun was already disappearing down the western horizon when the trio emerged from the lecture hall.
“This professor is really something, Ian,” Susan exclaimed as she went over her notes again. “He talks about these things that our syllabus never covers. Even a student of finance and accounting such as myself found it enlightening.” 
Ian merely nodded without comment. 
On the other hand, Zaylynn nodded off during the lecture. Eager to participate in the conversation as she was, she found herself lost in their jargon. 
“I found it interesting too,” she chimed in. “Especially the part about his friend. It shocked me to hear about such powerful women in the world today!” 
Susan nodded vigorously in agreement. 
Ian made a surprising response to that. “He’d exaggerated a little. Though he did make a fortune from the oil riot back then, he had forced the person to do it for him.” 
The girls stared at him with their mouths wide open. 
“How do you know?” 
“Because that friend he spoke of is my mother,” Ian remarked casually before striding ahead with his schoolbag on his back, leaving the girls behind thunderstruck by his proclamation that was uttered with as much enthusiasm as if it had been a statement of fact. 
His mother! 
Susan was in complete awe. Right before they were about to exit the gate of the university on their way to dinner, she suddenly remembered. “Was your mother ever in Hayes Corporation?” 
“Of course,” Ian answered. “She used to be the director of the operational department.”
I never knew Sasha to be as well-versed in finance as in medicine! That explains how her son managed to complete the building project so beautifully at only seventeen years of age. He has great genes. 
“Wait a minute. Where are you guys going?” Zaylynn cried. Keen not to be left behind, she stamped her feet before hurrying up to them. “Can I come along? I did reserve a seat for you today, didn’t I? It was hard work, you know.” 
Though Ian frowned at the intrusion, Susan readily agreed. 
“The more the merrier, Zaylynn. We’re having KFC for dinner, is that all right with you?” 
“Of course,” Zaylynn said at once. “I’m not picky.” 
Waving her chauffeur away, she hopped on a bicycle like the others and set off with Susan and Ian. 
The warm hues of the sunset made the scenery surrounding the campus look as though it had been kissed by fire. Engulfing the entire city in yellow and orange, the setting sun cast elongated shadows of the trio onto the road they made their way to dinner amidst yells and jests of youth. 
Unbeknownst to them, a figure appeared behind them after they left. 
With a stack of books in her arms, the figure stood there expressionlessly as she watched them leave. The unsettling aura her presence emitted caused those who passed by shudder involuntarily as they gave her a wide berth. 
Why does this girl look so scary? 
“Hello, Yasmin. What are you doing here? Are you getting ready for work again?” 
The sudden mention of her name in a voice laced with concern appeared beside her.
The speaker was the secretary of the student council, Jacques. 
Yasmin withdrew her gaze and looked at him with its hostility retracted. 
“Where are you going, Jacques?” 
“I was just about to head home. Would you like a ride?” 
Jacques was a local who lived with his upper-middle-class family. Upon being told by Yasmin that she was working part-time, he took pity on her and offered to drop her at her workplace. 
###Chapter 1819
Chapter 1819
It was usually the warm and caring traits of board members that afforded them the opportunity to hold such positions. 
Therefore, it was not out of character for Jacques to make that offer. 
Yasmin tilted her head in consideration of the offer for a moment before agreeing. “Thanks for the trouble, Jacques.” 
“No worries,” he replied cordially as he reached over to open his door for her. “We’re all classmates after all.” 
When they passed the famous bridge near their campus, Yasmin turned her head slightly and saw the four figures outside through the car window. 
“Did the university not deal with Zaylynn, Jacques?” 
“How can they? The Neal family is one of the shareholders of the university,” Jacques explained patiently with his eyes on the road. “Besides, it was an honest mistake on Zaylynn’s because she did not know that what she did was against the rules. As soon as the incident had occurred, she immediately confessed to the chief administrator and used her family’s money to make up for the loss incurred by her mistake. With all said and done, the university has decided to consider the matter resolved.” 
In his opinion, Zaylynn’s mistake was forgivable as she did not do it out of malice. Coupled with the fact that she confessed to her mistake almost immediately, the university decided to give her another chance. 
Jacques was not aware of the effect of his words in causing the gaze of his passenger seated behind to become colder. 
Ten minutes later, Jacques pulled up at the side of the most prosperous commercial plaza in the city.
“Here we are, Yasmin. Take care of yourself at night, won’t you? Don’t get home too late. If you ever feel like you can’t cope with juggling work and study, I can help you apply for financial aid.” 
“I’ll bear that in mind,” Yasmin said as she exited the car. “Thank you, Jacques.” 
Financial aid. Yes, times are tough for me now. What about the offspring of the murderer? Why are they able to sit around and enjoy the sunshine without a care in the world for their daily expenses, let alone worrying about their future? 
Stewing in bitter thoughts, Yasmin walked to the gate of the square. 
To her further resentment, she did not expect to run into the four figures on their bicycles as soon as she had changed into her apron at the cafe she worked at. 
“Are we dining in that KFC?” Zaylynn asked. “Should we park our bikes here?” 
“That works,” Timothy answered. “It’s not far, anyway. Let’s walk over.” 
With a general murmur of assent, the quartet parked their bicycles in the square. 
After locking hers, Susan came over and saw Ian frowning before producing his own phone to scan the QR code provided at the designated spot. 
“There is a QR code provided, Ian,” Susan said gently. “Just scan it and your bike will be automatically locked.” 
Ian merely grunted but the knot in his brow instantly relaxed. 
After ensuring that everybody had managed to successfully lock their bicycles, the group marched forward. Zaylynn’s boisterous debate with Timothy regarding the best-tasting flavor of chicken wings made her a perfect match for him.
How childish! 
With a scoff, Susan ignored them and turned her attention to the boy walking beside her. 
“Have you had KFC before, Ian?” 
“Not often,” Ian admitted. 
For a prominent family like the Hayes’, KFC was something they did not particularly patronize. Besides, Sasha’s attention to the health of her family turned her away from deep-fried food. 
As a result, Ian had only had KFC several times when he was much younger and not anymore as he entered adolescence. 
Susan grew a little worried. 
“I’ll get you something else later. Let’s order you a steak at a different restaurant.” 
Ian refused gently. “That’s all right. Let’s dine together.” 
Soon, all four of them arrived at KFC. As soon as Zaylynn and Timothy entered, they made a mad dash to the counter to place their orders. 
Susan and Ian simply exchanged a glance before getting a table. 
“Let’s sit here, Ian.” Having found a table just right for four, Susan pulled her friend over to occupy it. 
Ian obediently sat down. 
It was a strange feeling for him as he rarely dined in such public places. Even if he did, it was always with his parents at higher-end and cleaner restaurants.
As he was seated here watching the traffic of other patrons, Ian suddenly realized that he did not seem to mind as much as he did from the way he meekly accommodated Susan’s requests. 
“We’re back,” Zaylynn announced excitedly as she returned with a large tray. “Status report: two burgers each, five packets of spicy wings, two packets of fries, and a large jug of Coke. How does that sound?” 
Susan clicked her tongue in disapproval. 
“That’s too much food, Zaylynn. We won’t be able to finish all of that.” 
“That’s all right,” Zaylynn said with a generous wave of her hand. “We can share it with our classmates and those homeless people outside.” 
Susan was dumbstruck with incredulity and amusement. 
Ian, who was sitting next to her, also raised his eyebrows as a smile played on his lips. 
When Timothy returned with another tray of food, the group’s laughter stopped abruptly. 
The group was so full after their meal that Zaylynn had to summon an errand boy to bring their leftovers back to the university. 
Yasmin caught a glimpse of the errand boy’s departure while on duty in the cafe beside the mall. Without hesitation, she reached behind her and undid her apron. 
“Where are you going, Yasmin?” came the shrill voice of her employer. 
“There’s something I have to attend to. I’ll be right back.”
###Chapter 1820
Chapter 1820
Susan and the others returned home right after their meal. Zaylynn, too, got home after calling her chauffeur to pick her up. 
Ring, ring, ring… 
The Neal residence’s landline rang, breaking the silence of the night. The sharp ringing jolted the housemaid who was on night duty. 
Why would someone call at this hour? 
The housemaid opened her eyes and ran downstairs to answer the phone. “Hello?” 
“Bad news. There has been a homicide case at the university, and the victim is a student. It is said that she ate something Ms. Neal had bought for her before she died. The cops are heading to the Neal residence right now.” 
“Wait, what?” The housemaid was thunderstruck. 
The cops arrived a dozen minutes later. Zaylynn’s father, Feynman Neal, got downstairs in haste before he could even button up his shirt neatly. When he arrived at the door, he saw a police patrol car parked right in front of his house. 
“Sorry to disturb you at this hour, Mr. Neal. There has been a homicide at the University of Pollerton. According to reports, the deceased consumed something your daughter brought for her. We came to take your daughter to the police station to assist in the investigation.” 
One of the cops presented his ID and told Feynman they would have to take Zaylynn away. 
Homicide?
Feynman’s expression darkened as he had never encountered an incident like that before. “Sorry, sir, what do you mean? What do you mean someone consumed my daughter’s food and died? Are you trying to say my daughter poisoned the person?” 
“Calm down, Mr. Neal. We’ll know what happened once the investigation is complete,” the cop consoled him. 
Meanwhile, Zaylynn also came downstairs after hearing a commotion. She staggered and nearly fell after seeing all the unsmiling cops in the living room. 
“Mom—” 
The cops eventually took Zaylynn away. 
Meanwhile, the coroner performed an autopsy on the deceased and found out she died from exsanguination after a stomach rupture. 
Stomach rupture? How did it happen? 
The Neal family could not believe their ears when they received the update. 
“We found a chemical component called diethyl phthalate, known as DEP, in the deceased’s stomach. The deep-fried food she ate reacted with the chemical component, causing her stomach to rupture.” 
The coroner then took out a piece of burnt item, which he had retrieved from the deceased’s body, and placed it before the cops and Feynman. 
Diethyl phthalate? DEP? 
Feynman had no clue what that chemical component was. Zaylynn looked even more confused.
The coroner then glanced at her manicured nails. Upon noticing the glitter on her nails, he broke a tiny piece of it with a tweezer. 
“Hey, my nails!” Zaylynn shrieked in dismay. 
A few minutes later, the coroner returned with another update—he found DEP in Zaylynn’s nails. 
“Many nail salons in the market use unsafe and non-compliant products that contain excessive chemical components. I tested your daughter’s nail polish and discovered excessive organophosphates on it. Do you know what that is?” 
Feynman and Zaylynn kept mum, as they did not know the answer to his question. 
“It’s a combustible substance that can cause explosions!” the coroner concluded firmly. 
Upon hearing that, Feynman staggered and fell to the ground. Zaylynn’s mind went blank when she saw the cops walking in her direction with a pair of handcuffs. 
No! I’m innocent. I didn’t kill her. I didn’t kill her! 
The next day, Susan, Ian, and Timothy only learned about Zaylynn’s arrest after reading the messages their coursemates sent to their group chat. 
Timothy was the first to come across that piece of news in the group chat. 
“Zaylynn killed someone? How is that possible?” Timothy read the message while brushing his teeth in the bathroom. 
Upon reading the message, he was so stunned that he spewed a mouthful of water.
Susan heard some commotion and walked to the bathroom to check on him. “Hey, what’s wrong with you?” 
“Quick! Read the messages in our group chat. Someone from our university died last night, and the cops think Zaylynn is the murderer!” Timothy urged Susan to check her phone right away. 
Susan returned to her room and checked the messages immediately. She was just as shocked as Timothy when she found out that Zaylynn had been accused of the murder. 
She turned to Ian and asked in disbelief, “What do you think?” 
“Let’s try to get more information about the case first.” 
Ian, who had changed into clean clothes, replied calmly, and he was not going to sit idly by. Upon dropping his words, he carried his backpack and walked to the door to change into another pair of shoes. 
Susan urged Timothy to keep up with Ian while she walked behind the two boys. 
Zaylynn is not the murderer. I’m sure about that! Though she can be a little spoiled and arrogant, she’s not an evil person! Besides, what can she gain from killing that student? It’s not like she held any grudges against the deceased anyway! 
The three of them soon arrived at campus. 
“Let’s divide and conquer. I’ll head to the female dorm. It’ll be more convenient that way,” Susan proposed. 
“All right. I’ll talk to the school authority then.” Ian nodded, volunteering to handle the most important task. Reaching out to the official source might give them more accurate details. 
Timothy decided to approach students around the campus to gather more information. He would primarily focus on the few students who had spread the news in the WhatsApp group.
Susan arrived at the female dorm a few minutes later. “Hi, I’m Susan Jadeson from the Faculty of Business Administration. I heard that a homicide happened here. Is it true?” 
###Chapter 1821
Chapter 1821
“Susan, you’re here!” 
Unexpectedly, one of the girls from the dorm recognized Susan and ran toward her with red-rimmed eyes upon noticing her arrival. 
Susan froze for a moment, but she soon remembered who the girl was since she had a good memory. 
“Oh, it’s you. You’re the girl who always hangs out with Zaylynn, right?” 
“Yeah, we’re besties. Susan, we all ate the food Zaylynn brought, and we’re still alive and kicking. I don’t believe Holly died because of the food!” 
“Yeah! Everyone in this dorm room ate the food, but we all didn’t experience any discomfort at all!” 
Susan was surprised to see so many of them defend Zaylynn. I guess Zaylynn is quite popular among these girls. 
She tried to console all the anxious girls. “Calm down, girls. Let’s find out more about the case first, okay? We’ll be able to analyze the situation once we’ve gathered more information about it.” 
Susan even assured them, “I want you girls to know that I’ll be able to help Zaylynn if she really is innocent. You have my word.” 
After hearing Susan’s words, the few girls fell silent for a moment. Then, they gave Susan a better picture of the incident. 
The previous night, after dinner, someone had brought the leftovers to the dorm. The girls had all gotten excited and started munching on the drumsticks and burgers. 
As for the deceased girl, Holly Halford, she was actually not from the same faculty as them. She was a computer science student, and she had come to their dorm to look for a friend.
“Since she was at our place, we offered her our food. It’d be awkward if we didn’t do that, wouldn’t it?” 
“Yes.” Susan nodded in agreement. 
“So that was why we shared our food with her. But somehow, she felt sick soon after she left the dorm. We ate the same food, but nothing happened to us.” 
The girls started to get agitated again. 
Susan knitted her brows. That’s strange. They ate the same food, yet the girl named Holly was the only one who lost her life because of it. How strange. 
Susan then left the dorm. 
While she was on her way to meet Ian and Timothy, she bumped into Yasmin, who had just returned to the campus. 
With a backpack on her back and a stack of revision materials in her hands, Yasmin entered the dorm with a solemn expression on her beautiful face. 
“Good morning, Yasmin. You’re early today.” 
Yasmin stopped in her tracks and looked at the dormitory warden who had greeted her. She asked in frustration, “Why are our classes canceled? Did something happen?” 
The warden immediately inched closer after hearing Yasmin and whispered, “Haven’t you heard the news? Someone from your faculty died.” 
“What?” Yasmin’s expression changed abruptly, and she blanched at the warden’s words. “W-What do you mean by someone died? Who died?”
“A girl from the Faculty of Computer Science. She died after eating a burger that Zaylyann brought to the dorm last night. You would have been in danger had you been here last night. Thank goodness!” The warden was relieved that Yasmin was away the previous day. 
Yasmin continued to keep mum. 
It seemed that the news had shocked her to the core. She hugged the books close to her chest and froze right there for quite a while, her face shockingly pale. 
Susan walked over and stood in front of her. “Yasmin, you just got back?” 
“It’s none of your business,” Yasmin said. 
Since the fallout they had two days ago, Yasmin no longer had to put on a facade to pretend to be nice. She could finally show her true expression. 
However, was that a facade of Yasmin? 
It did not seem like it, as she really thought she saw some hope during the few days. 
“I’m trying to investigate the homicide case that involves Zaylynn. Students staying in this dorm, including you, are potential suspects,” Susan explained patiently. 
Upon hearing that, Yasmin unexpectedly let out a mirthless laugh. “Suspect? Do you think you’re a cop? Who are you to question my whereabouts? Stop being a busybody!” 
Susan knitted her brows and decided to ignore Yasmin. 
No longer looking at Yasmin’s unpleasant face, Susan walked up to the dorm warden.
She suddenly pointed at a tiny black dot near the window frame of the room where the dorm warden stayed and asked, “Madam, is that a surveillance camera?” 
The dorm warden’s expression changed. “Um…” 
“I won’t tell anyone about it. Don’t worry, madam. I merely want to check the surveillance footage to find out what exactly happened when the person brought the food over last night,” Susan assured her, as she knew why the warden panicked as soon as she saw the latter’s expression. 
Obviously, the warden had secretly installed a surveillance camera in the common area to monitor students in the dormitory so that she could slack off. In fact, the school authority had forbidden the installation of surveillance cameras in the female dorm because it was a violation of students’ privacy. 
Yet, that warden had gone against the regulations and installed a surveillance camera there. Not only that, she had even aimed the surveillance camera directly at the interior of the building.
###Chapter 1822
Chapter 1822
Ultimately, the woman handed the surveillance footage over to Susan, and an inexplicable look flashed in Yasmin’s eyes as she saw this from afar. 
It wasn’t long until Susan returned with a copy of the footage. 
Susan: I’ve made some progress. What about you two? How’s it going? 
Timothy: I asked around, but everyone’s saying they only realized it after the girl’s stomach burst. Some only found out after the police came over. 
Susan: What about on your side, Ian? Did the chief administrators say anything? 
Ian came online after Susan tagged him. 
Ian: I spoke to them. According to the cops, the burger was contaminated with organophosphates from Zaylynn’s fingernails, and that caused that girl’s stomach to combust and rupture. 
Both siblings were taken aback. 
Organophosphates from Zaylynn’s fingernails? How dangerous could nail polish even be? 
Neither of them could believe what they had read. 
But after the three reassembled, Ian took out a piece of the burger he had obtained from the chief administrators, and they noticed how it reeked of a pungent scent. 
“It turns out that Zaylynn had gotten her nails done at a newly-opened salon, and then she went to grab some food after Andy Rind’s talk.” 
Ian laid all the information he had received on the table, including some photographs. 
Susan felt her stomach drop as she saw them.
This is the latest crystal nail manicure. I’ve never had my nails done this way, but I remember a friend talking about it before. It’s really popular these days. 
The manicure is done by painting excessive layers of clear-colored polish onto each nail. 
It contains lots of chemicals and doesn’t dry easily. 
Everyone’s expressions looked sullen. 
“So, the girl really died because of Zaylynn?” 
“You can put it that way.” 
Ian nodded at the conclusion while opening a bottle of mineral water in front of him and taking a huge sip of the drink. 
He rarely involved himself with matters unrelated to him, but for some reason, he had spent so much time today running around everywhere for a girl who had nothing to do with him. 
The young man really had changed. 
He had become much warmer and more humane. 
Feeling devastated, Susan gripped her temples as she sat there. The mere thought of an innocent girl getting locked up behind bars made her nose sting. 
“Is there no other way? Zaylynn’s still so young and she never has bad intentions.” 
Ian’s heart sank as he watched her sit there quietly, her eyes unable to open due to the immense sorrow that filled her. 
He felt so agonized.
That girl has nothing to do with her. Why is she taking this so seriously? 
At last, he spoke. “I can get my dad to do something about this.” 
Indeed, the only person who could lighten that girl’s sentence would be Sebastian, given his influence in this country. 
Yet, as soon as Ian’s words fell, Susan looked up at him. 
“No! We can’t do that. That would be misusing our power. Remember, Ian, even if Zaylynn is guilty, we can’t use our power to interfere. The Jadesons may be on top of the world, but we should never do anything that would break the people’s trust in us.” 
Ian had never expected this twenty-something-year-old young woman to turn him down right away. 
She had even reminded him firmly that they had to uphold the Jadeson household’s reputation in everything they did, rather than let the family name crumble in their hands. 
Ian turned red in embarrassment and glanced downward. 
Even Timothy felt his sister had gone too far with her words, but aside from being embarrassed, Ian had no intention of blaming her. 
“I understand.” 
“Okay. I think we should still look into this. Something just doesn’t seem right. By the way, Ian, don’t you have someone at home who’s a chemistry whizz? Could you get him to find out what’s inside the nail polish?” 
“You mean…”
“I’ll go get my nails done the same way Zaylynn did, then we’ll go see him and get him to check if the contents of the nail polish are lethal enough to kill someone.” 
Susan’s cheeks reddened with excitement at her own suggestion. 
Ian pondered for a moment. 
We can give it a try, but if that doesn’t work, we can get someone to conduct a blanket search on whichever area those burgers had passed through. 
The young man was determined to get to the bottom of this case. 
Half an hour later, Susan made her way to the same nail salon with the company of Zaylynn’s close friend, Felicia Johnson. 
As soon as they headed out, someone hiding in a dark corner nearby began to panic. 
“Susan’s gone to the nail salon. Could she have figured out something?” 
“Don’t panic,” a voice responded to her. “That stuff vanishes in thin air. She won’t be able to find out about anything no matter how hard she tries. Besides, we have our own people working inside that nail salon. You don’t have to worry at all.”
###Chapter 1823
Chapter 1823
“What’s your end goal, then? I didn’t ask you to kill anyone, but now you’ve taken two lives! What are you going to do about this?” 
The woman was so furious that she trembled non-stop, her face void of any color. 
Yet, the person over the phone merely laughed. 
“Ms. Snow, you said you want to give Susan Jadeson a taste of what it feels like to suffer a fate worse than death, so it’s only natural that we come to such decisions. Besides, weren’t you already prepared for outcomes like these the moment you agreed to be a part of this?” 
“You!” 
Upon hearing that, the woman found herself unable to retaliate. 
But he’s right. It’s already over for me. Why am I still acting like I have the moral high ground? If I were that afraid of getting blood on my hands, I wouldn’t have contacted them in the first place. The fact that I reached out to them means I had already intended to do all this. 
The other party hung up without another word. 
Susan and Felicia arrived at the nail salon half an hour later. 
“Welcome! Are you here to get your nails done?” an employee greeted. 
“Yup. Crystal nails for both of us, please.” 
Susan immediately mentioned the kind of service she wanted. 
The lady readily agreed and led them into the store.
After taking a seat, Felicia said to Susan right away, “Susan, these are the exact same seats we were led to when I followed Zaylynn here.” 
Hearing that, Susan nodded and waited for the lady from before to serve them. 
Manicures were a popular beauty treatment in today’s age, and many women—including Susan herself —would have visited a nail salon at least once. 
That was why Susan thought nothing of all the tools and bottles that the beautician had brought over, and the only thing she looked at was a bottle of clear nail polish. 
“Is this what you’ll be using on our nails?” 
“That’s right.” 
The beautician nodded. 
Not asking anything more, Susan and Felicia let the lady work on their nails, and they were done in an hour. 
Upon getting up, Susan prepared to get Ian to have Xayden look into the nail polish’s contents. 
But just as she walked out of the store and arrived at the roadside, a sudden thought crossed her mind, causing her to stop in her tracks. 
“What’s wrong, Susan?” asked Felicia. 
“I just remembered something you told me about Zaylynn’s nails. They were quick-drying, right. Is that what you said?” 
“Yeah,” Felicia replied, albeit still puzzled.
Susan immediately glanced at her shiny nails. “Then, why did we have to cure our nails? Were we not clear enough with our instructions? Did the lady give us a different kind of manicure?” 
“Huh?” Felicia only grew more bewildered. 
Seeing that, Susan said nothing else to her, instead turning and heading back into the nail salon. 
“Excuse me, ma’am. Can I confirm that we were just given crystal nails?” 
“Yes, you were,” the busy owner of the salon appeared confused to see them return. “It was our current best-selling crystal nail manicure. What’s wrong? Is something the matter?” 
“No. It’s just that I heard from another friend that her nails were quick-drying when she got the same procedure done, but both of us here had to cure our nails. So, why the difference? Is there something different about the materials used this time?” Susan asked. 
Hearing that, the boss hastily walked toward them and glanced at their nails. 
“How could that be? All our nail services require curing. Could you have misheard something your friend said? We apply multiple layers of polish to each nail, then cure every coating and make sure it’s dry before moving on to the next layer. That’s what makes this a crystal manicure. There’s no way each coating can dry that quickly just by blowing on them with a fan,” she explained. 
Susan fell silent for a long while. 
Then, she sat on the couch and requested, “I think you might want to let me have a look at your store’s surveillance footage from yesterday. Someone from our school died because of your nail polish. It’d be troublesome if I were to inform the cops now.” 
With that, everyone inside the salon turned to her—including the beautician who had just tended to her and Felicia.
How is she so smart? 
Didn’t they say she’d be easy to deal with? She’s only in her early twenties! How could she have figured out something so trivial? 
Taking advantage of the commotion in the store, the woman left in a panic as the owner went to retrieve the surveillance footage. 
Meanwhile, Susan quickly noted from the footage that Zaylynn did not have her nails cured while she was here yesterday. 
Not only that but her nails were coated many more times than they should have been. 
“I… I never taught her to do it that way. Who on earth is she, anyway? I’ve never even met her!” the owner exclaimed. 
As realization dawned on her, Susan hurriedly dialed Ian’s number while getting Felicia to call the police. 
Whatever happened last night caused such a huge stir, and surely the cops must’ve come here since it had something to do with the girl’s nails, right? But why didn’t they figure out anything after dropping by?
###Chapter 1824
Chapter 1824
After hanging up, Susan stared blankly at the computer screen in front of her. 
Ian showed up a while later. 
“You're here, Ian.” Susan jumped to her feet and pointed at the footage. “Take a look at this. I've confirmed that something really was off about the way Zaylynn had her nails done. The woman who did her nails just ran away.” 
Ian sat down while rubbing his temples. 
In fact, he had gotten a few people to look into this matter. After the errand runners had arrived at the university, they spotted two of Zaylynn's female friends—one of whom was Felicia—carrying the two buckets into campus. 
After the girls passed a narrow path surrounded by trees, the errand runners then discovered some traces of phosphate on one of the tree branches. 
In other words, this was a planned murder. 
“Let's wait for the cops here,” said Ian after watching the footage. “They'll definitely find out what else could be behind this. They're professionals.” 
He spoke coldly and relentlessly. 
Susan didn't oppose after finding out the truth, and so the two remained inside the nail salon, waiting for the police to arrive. 
As anticipated, a team of police dressed in full uniform showed up ten minutes later. 
The captain made his way over to Susan and Ian right after spotting them.
“Good day. I'm Captain of the Crime Investigation Unit. Were you the ones who found a lead?” 
“Yes, officer.” 
Susan stood up and related her experience here while referring to the surveillance footage. 
The captain immediately began a search. 
“And this is?” 
“This is my nephew, Officer. He-” 
“There's a narrow path with locust trees on both sides on the way to the female dorms on campus, officer,” Ian suddenly chimed in. “If you take a look at the sixth tree on the left, you'll find what you're looking for on one of its branches.” 
Susan was completely dumbfounded. The young man had calmly relayed his thoughts instead of looking apprehensive like he usually did when dealing with strangers. 
Is... he not afraid anymore? 
Of course, the captain knew nothing about Ian's condition, so he gave the latter an approving pat on the shoulder after being provided with such an important lead. 
“I'll do that. What's your name?” 
“Uh... You should get to searching right away, officer. Don't let anyone ruin your plans.” 
Noticing the way Ian's brows twitched, Susan hastily changed the subject and pulled him over by the arm.
The young man didn't like interacting with strangers, and he certainly didn't appreciate being touched by one either. 
After lugging him toward her, Susan sighed with relief as she watched the captain leave with his team. 
“It's okay. You can change your clothes once we head back,” she said while rubbing Ian's shoulder. 
The young man said nothing. 
He merely gave the woman's anxious-looking face a quick glance before shifting his gaze elsewhere coolly. 
“Okay.” 
Eventually, Zaylynn was deemed innocent and thus released. 
As for the reason behind the incident, the police believed that Zaylynn had attracted too much attention on campus, which ultimately led to some resentment toward her. 
Still, the truth would remain a mystery until the culprit was apprehended. 
Speaking of the culprit... 
“I've received a text from the captain we met that day,” explained Susan while busying herself in the kitchen. “He said they've issued a nationwide arrest warrant against that woman from the nail salon. She's now wanted across the whole country, and they believe she won't be able to run away for much longer.” 
Both young men could hear her. Timothy was reading a fantasy novel while hogging the bathroom, whereas Ian sat in the living room feeding a turtle they and recently bought as a pet.
Ian had nothing to respond with after hearing his aunt's words. 
An arrest warrant? 
I guess I've overestimated them. Not every cop is as efficient as Uncle Devin is. A lot of them are just trash. 
Thinking that, the young man tossed two turtle pellets into the tank. 
“You're feeding him again? You can't keep feeding the turtle, Ian! He'll die if he overeats!” 
A slim figure walked out of the kitchen just in time to see him feeding the turtle, and the woman swiftly grabbed his hand before scooping the pellets out of the tank. 
Ian silently glanced at Susan's slender hand before looking down, his thick lashes concealing the fluctuating emotions in his eyes. 
Timothy walked out of the bathroom at this very moment. “Come on, Susan. It's just a turtle! Why are you being so dramatic? You scared Ian.” 
“Huh?” 
Susan quickly came to her senses. 
“Sorry, Ian! I guess I overreacted. Don't panic, okay? I had no intention of blaming you for anything,” she apologized while letting go of the young man. 
But in truth, how could Ian ever be upset at her over something like this?
###Chapter 1825
Chapter 1825
After having breakfast together, the trio was about to leave home when Zaylynn showed up with her parents, who had personally brought her there to express her gratitude. 
“Thank you, Susan, Ian, and Timothy. I'm beyond grateful for everything you've done for me. If it weren't for you guys, I probably would've been...” 
“We owe you big time! You're the Neal family's saviors. As Zaylynn's parents, we thank you!” 
Both Feynman and his wife, Clara, bowed and thanked them profusely with tears in their eyes. 
The two young men were at a loss, given that they had never dealt with such a situation before. Thus, it was Susan who spoke up and quickly told them to lift their heads. 
“Don't say that, Mr. and Mrs. Neal! Zaylynn is our friend. It's only natural that we help her in times of trouble.” 
“She's right. You don't have to thank us. Besides, there's no way Piggy here could've actually killed anyone!” Timothy blurted. 
Silence washed over the entire apartment as a scarlet-faced Zaylynn glared at the young man who had just addressed her in such a way. 
“Hey, Timothy... What did you just call me?” 
“S-Sorry, my bad... Hey, don't come over. I didn't mean it...” 
A squabble soon ensued between the two, and Timothy ended up being chased into his own room and hiding in there. 
Susan was deeply embarrassed by what had just happened.
She wanted to chastise her brother for his lack of manners and apologize to Zaylynn's parents. 
But unbeknown to her, Feynman and Clara seemed unusually pleased after exchanging glances with one another. 
The Jadeson family was untouchable—so much that they would have never imagined their daughter being friends with Ian. 
But this other guy isn't bad either. He's part of the Jadesons too. He may be from a different branch, but it seems that the current head of the clan regards him highly. That's good enough for us. 
Zaylynn's parents left in high spirits, but not before extending a personal invitation. 
“By the way, Mr. Ian and Ms. Susan, as a token of our appreciation, will you please accept our invitation to come and have dinner at our place? Don't worry for we mean nothing by it. We just want to treat you to a meal.” 
Just as Ian was about to reject their offer, Susan suddenly recalled his mother asking her to take him to more social events, and so she stopped him. 
“Okay. Thank you for the invitation.” 
“Not at all! In fact, we're thankful to have you come over.” Feynman was instantly overjoyed. 
Thus, the matter was settled. 
After their guests had left, Susan sent Zaylynn a text message, reminding her of the help that had been given by her other friends. 
Zaylynn: Don't worry, Susan. I'll invite all of them over. I know who my true friends are after what happened. Anyone who's helped me for the past two days will have dinner at my place!
Susan: Okay. 
Zaylynn: But my dad says you'll have to bring your brother too. Oh, but please warn him that he can't call me Piggy if he does come! 
Susan didn't know how to respond. 
Even so, she was glad that they remembered Timothy. After arriving on campus and seeing Ian off at the Faculty of Finance, she pulled her thoughtless brother aside. 
“Zaylynn's inviting you over too. You'd better watch your manners and stop embarrassing me.” 
“What?” 
The tall young man froze on the spot. 
I'm invited? 
Suddenly, the thought of that round-faced, tantrum-throwing girl made him smile widely. 
Should I get her a present? 
Meanwhile, Yasmin arrived at the Faculty of Finance rather late today, and the first round of classes had already ended by the time she showed up. 
Moreover, she seemed to be in her own world. 
“What's wrong, Yasmin?” the student council secretary asked in concern. “You don't look so good today. Are you not feeling well? Were you giving home tutorials last night?” 
Yasmin finally snapped back to reality. 
“I-I'm fine. I just slept a little late last night.” 
“Well, how about you get some rest inside the lecture hall? No one's in there right now.” 
“Okay.” 
Yasmin carried her books into the lecture hall. 
Students of this faculty often used the hall for self-studying. The place was usually packed at night, but it was much emptier during the day. 
Yasmin pushed the door open, only to gasp in shock. 
The first thing she saw was a young man who glanced at her with a pair of extremely frosty eyes upon hearing the door creak open. 
Yasmin stilled instantly. 
She had no words to describe the way he looked at her, but those eyes caused her head to turn numb in a flash, and she felt as though all the blood in her system had left her. 
Her body felt so cold that she trembled—all the way to her fingertips. 
“W-What are you doing here?” 
“And what about you?” the young man asked, his voice as icy as his gaze.
“I...” 
“A person only thinks of hiding away in a quiet place when dealing with immense fear and unease. That was exactly what I did when your brother died in prison. I locked myself in my room for three days and three nights.” 
Ian began recounting his horrifying past, his lips pale and his pupils quivering slightly since the beginning. 
Yasmin's expression took an immediate turn.
###Chapter 1826
Chapter 1826
“To be filled with confusion and terror is like being completely engulfed in darkness. I would force myself to sleep, thinking that once I woke up, we would've returned to the past before anything had ever happened—to the time your brother was still your brother, or maybe to when I still hadn't met him. Do you know what we call that?” 
Ian suddenly stopped talking and stared straight at the woman standing before him. 
Standing in place, Yasmin now felt as though she had been stripped bare, and all her deepest thoughts had come to light. 
It was as if the young man had completely seen through her with just his gaze. 
What do we call that? 
It's called running away. It's called numbing oneself out. 
As a psychology major, Yasmin understood this concept more than anyone else did. Why is he suddenly telling me all this? Could he have found out about something? 
The woman was so fearful that she tremored from head to toe. 
But to her surprise, Ian then packed his books and got up to leave without another word. 
Yasmin quietly watched him exit the hall. 
The moment he disappeared, she felt as though she had lost every ounce of her strength. 
Thud! 
The young woman slumped to the floor, leaning against the door behind her after suddenly recalling how Ian and Susan had handed things over to the police right after discovering a lead.
That meant Ian was still giving her a chance. 
Yasmin couldn't move at the thought. 
Night fell. 
Expectedly, Zaylynn had magnanimously invited every student from the Faculty of Finance to her place for a feast. 
Susan stayed close to Ian all the while, worried he would feel uncomfortable. 
Yet, he ended up doing better than she had expected. While he did furrow his brows upon arriving at the Neal residence, many of his classmates took the initiative to greet him, enabling him to blend in with them. 
Seeing that, Susan eventually left him and headed over to the girls. 
“Why didn't Yasmin come tonight?” 
“You're right. I haven't seen her.” 
After a series of chattering, one of the girls couldn't help but ask about Yasmin. 
Susan had arrived just in time to hear that, and she stilled briefly. 
“Is she not here?” 
“She's not, Susan. Did Zaylynn not invite her?” someone mused. 
But no matter how spoiled and willful Zaylynn was, she still had her manners and would surely not leave anyone out after inviting the entire faculty over.
Susan walked over to her. 
“I did invite her. I even sent her a personal text, but she's not here. That's not my problem.” Zaylynn pouted. 
“It's okay,” Susan assured with a smile. “It's her loss for not coming. Look at all the good food she's missing out on!” 
“Right? It's better if she doesn't come,” the other girls quipped. 
Everyone consoled the young host. 
But to their surprise, Yasmin did show up eventually. 
With a long, khaki bodycon dress, her silky black hair cascading down her shoulders, and a flawless face, she captured everyone's attention as soon as she appeared. 
She was absolutely gorgeous. 
Even Susan couldn't help but compare her to a famous actress upon seeing her. 
“Y-Yasmin is here. Quick! Keep all this stuff!” 
“Clean up the floors too! How did you guys make such a mess? What will she think of us?” 
Chaos erupted among the boys in a matter of minutes. 
They frantically cleaned up the mess they had made. Some even moved all the stools and other obstacles aside just to make way for the ice queen. 
The girls flew into a rage upon seeing that.
Yasmin is such a jinx! 
They all turned and left, not wanting to have anything to do with her. In the end, it was Susan who brought Zaylynn over, asking her to attend to Yasmin. 
“You're here. Well, help yourself to whatever you want. It's all here,” said Zaylynn, pointing at all the food being served. 
In response, the discomfort Yasmin felt only grew more intense. 
I plucked up the courage just to be here, okay? 
I'd only look more suspicious if I didn't come. 
And yet, the girls' lounge area became empty the moment she showed up, and that humiliated her greatly. 
Not only that but seeing how all the girls fawn over Susan made her feel worse. How she wanted to leave this place right away. 
“Hey, Yasmin. Do you want something to eat? We just grilled some chicken wings.” 
Suddenly, a boy approached her with a plate of food.
###Chapter 1827
Chapter 1827
Yasmin glanced at him. 
The young man looked nothing out of the ordinary, and she would have never given him the time of day if they were in school. But now... 
“Thank you.” 
She took the plate with her slender hands and placed a chicken wing to her lips. 
Oh, God. The ice queen accepted my gesture. 
The young man was on cloud nine. 
All the other boys grew excited upon seeing that. It was only normal for them to react that way toward a girl as beautiful as Yasmin. 
With that, Yasmin soon became the subject of all the boys' adoration. 
The other girls were on the verge of exploding. 
“Look at that. I told you she's such a b*tch! She won all the guys over the moment she showed up.” 
“Right!” 
They were livid. 
Susan frowned. “Come on, now. You left her on her own back there. What could she have done if the boys hadn't approached her? Did you put yourselves in her shoes?” 
She understood how Yasmin must have felt.
Unfortunately, Yasmin didn't seem to appreciate Susan's kind thoughts. After sitting down for a while, she suddenly caught sight of Timothy and made her way toward him. 
“Do you need help?” 
“Hmm?” 
The young man immediately looked up while grilling some meat. 
She's... 
Timothy found himself unable to look away or even speak. It was as though everything else around him faded away the moment he saw her. 
A blush crept across Yasmin's cheeks. 
“Do you need help?” she repeated. 
“Oh! Sorry about that. Yeah, I could use a hand.” 
Timothy snapped out of his daze and readily accepted her offer to help. 
As someone from a different faculty, he had heard of a famous ice queen from the Faculty of Finance, although he had never taken a proper look at said figure despite having met her a few times while with his sister. 
But, she looked way too stunning. 
The woman was now clad in a beautiful dress and had dolled herself up, looking like a goddess. It was only normal that a young man like him would be smitten. 
Yasmin spent a good part of the night helping him, and it didn't take long for them to grow close.
Susan walked in their direction just in time to see the two chatting away, and a chill ran down her spine instantly. 
She dashed over without a second thought. 
“What are you doing, Timothy? Put those things down and stay away from her!” she screamed at once, having lost her ability to reason. 
Timothy froze in shock. 
Even the other guests looked bewildered. 
What's going on? 
Hasn't she always been level-headed? Why does she look like a completely different person now? Why is she making such unreasonable demands with her brother? 
“What's wrong with you, Susan?” Feeling his blood boil, Timothy glared at his sister and refused to comply. 
That only aggravated Susan more. 
She charged toward him, slapped away whatever he was holding, and began to drag him away with her. 
“You're coming home with me right now!” 
“Susan!” 
Having never expected his sister to be this unreasonable, Timothy pulled his own arm out of Susan's grasp, resulting in the young woman losing her balance and falling over. 
“Ahhh!” 
An intense feeling of pain came from Susan's waist as she clutched onto the table, unable to get up for a moment. 
Timothy and all the other guests fell silent. 
Just as everyone glanced at one another, a young man emerged from the building after hearing the commotion outside. 
“What do you think you're doing, Timothy?” 
Laced with anger, Ian's voice pierced the air, instantly causing everyone to shiver with fright—including Timothy. 
“I... I...” 
“Shut your mouth! Get your a** home right now, or you'll be leaving this place in a different way.” 
The same icy voice rang across the room again. 
Despite being older, Timothy was unable to stand up for himself as an unexplainable hint of fear surfaced in his eyes. 
He then remembered who led the Jadeson family.
This young man standing in front of him possessed such a powerful and fearsome energy. He's just as terrifying as his father! 
Susan finally left with Timothy a few minutes later. 
Having been calm and collected all this while and finally losing her mind because of her brother, she could only scurry off as quickly as possible. 
Her fears were deep-rooted. 
Ian stayed behind, his eyes never leaving the woman before him as the sun set behind the garden they were in. 
“Are you that tired of living?” 
Those words sounded as though they had crawled out of the abyss. 
Yasmin stood there in a daze, her face slowly losing its color.
###Chapter 1828
Chapter 1828
“Did I do something wrong?” 
After calming down, Yasmin glanced at the young man with an aggrieved look on her face. 
“All because I said a few words to her brother? Shouldn't you be a bit fairer to me, Ian? Zaylynn's the one who invited me here, but she didn't give a d*mn about me! Have you ever considered how I felt?” 
Ian kept silent. 
“The boys were willing to talk to me, so I stuck with them! Is there a problem with that?” the woman questioned, tears brimming in her eyes. 
Yet, the young man remained aloof. 
“Are you sure you had no other intentions when you approached Timothy? Timothy is Susan's younger brother, and he's also the grandson of Eddie Limmer. He's the only male descendant of the Limmer household. Did you really not have other motives?” 
He stared at her with his piercing eyes. 
Yasmin's feet instantly turned cold. 
Did she not have any other motives? 
Of course, she did. 
The resentment within her had resurfaced ever since she found herself being neglected while Susan became the center of all the girls' attention. That was when she couldn't help but turn to Timothy. 
She was up to no good from that moment onward. 
The woman was unable to say another word.
Seeing her reaction, Ian added, “I handed that case over to the police because I still wanted to give you a way out. But if you still insist on walking this path, that's fine; I'll personally hand you over to my dad.” 
At last, he mentioned that person—his father. 
Yasmin's eyes grew wide as she stared at the young man in disbelief. It was now that she understood what it meant to experience true fear—what it meant to no longer be given a way out. 
Sebastian Hayes was like a god in this country. Once she fell into his hands, her life would indeed be over. 
With an ashen face, the woman watched Ian leave. 
As soon as she returned to her dorm later, she removed every method of communication on her phone and computer. 
Meanwhile, Susan warned Timothy not to be around Yasmin again the moment they arrived back at their apartment. 
Timothy was baffled. 
“Why can't I be close to her? It's not like she has a boyfriend!” 
Seriously? This idiot's already thinking about dating her? 
Susan was fuming. 
“So, you're thinking of being her boyfriend just because she doesn't have one? Don't make me get you to drop out of school and go home, Timothy!” 
“What? You'll make me drop out? Who are you to make me do that, Susan? Do you think you get to decide everything for me just because you're my sister? Aren't you thinking too highly of yourself now?” 
“You!” 
Susan was so exasperated that she nearly collapsed. 
Ian so happened to return in the middle of the heated argument, and he stared at Timothy grimly. “She may not have the right, but my dad does.” 
“I - “ 
“You'd better listen up before my dad comes to a decision, Timothy. If you ever talk to Yasmin again, I can't guarantee what I might tell my dad.” 
Ian glared at the imprudent man while giving him a warning. 
Timothy's face turned red in fury. 
How dare he talk to me like this? Does he not remember who's the older one here? Has he forgotten that I'm his uncle? 
Unbelievable! 
Still, he dared not utter a single word in response. 
Susan finally began to cool down.
I'm better off leaving this in the hands of family. It's not like I'm of any use now. Whether it was Sebastian or Jonathan, she knew that either one of them would surely deal with Yasmin. 
Thus, she returned to her room. 
Meanwhile, at Oceanic Estate, Sasha was dumbstruck upon hearing that Ian had called to inform Sebastian about Colton's children. 
“Is it that serious now? Ian actually called you?” 
“Yeah. Timothy's a bit of a halfwit, and Susan can't keep him in check. It's also not wise to tell him Yasmin's true identity, so we have no choice but to interfere,” Sebastian replied while casually reading a book. 
Sensing something off about what the man had said, Sasha put down the skincare product she was using and walked toward him. 
“What do you mean by that? Did something happen again?” 
“Yeah. Yasmin's got her eye on Timothy now. She was an accomplice in a murder case that happened two days ago, but their plans were foiled after Ian and Susan did some searching. That's why she started vying for Timothy's attention while she was at the Neal residence last night.”
###Chapter 1829
Chapter 1829
Indeed, nothing could escape this man's eyes. 
Sasha's expression darkened instantly when she heard that. 
“How could she do this? She's only a little over twenty! How did she turn so evil within such a short time? Wasn't she a good-mannered and excellent scholar before this? How did she become so terrifying in only a few months?” 
Sasha was enraged. 
She herself had walked through hell and made it out alive without hurting anyone else. Yet, someone as young and as bright as Yasmin had chosen to let the negative environment shape her into someone bitter. Within a short period of a few months, she had entirely transformed into someone new, and not for the better. 
Yasmin's actions truly baffled Sasha. 
How can this be? Is it really just because of the resentment her family has? Is Yasmin aware of what we have planned to offer her? 
When the couple first came across Yasmin and noticed her brilliance, they had intended to pave the way to a bright future for her. 
Even her application for an internship in Hayes Corporation was given a green light. 
Sasha was so furious that her blood began to boil. 
“First,” Sebastian said, “it's the result of how she was raised. Second, it has something to do with her nature.” 
“How so?” Sasha turned to look at the man.
“Look at her family background. Ever since the accident involving her father and brother, only the girl and her mother were left behind. I wouldn't be surprised if the mother-daughter pair had been bullied by society. Because of that, her mother must have festered resentment in her heart and forced the girl to be exceptional. Over time, Yasmin herself became someone bitter with resentment and someone who has to stand out. You can see that trait of hers from her actions. Yasmin has been nothing but cold to her peers in school.” Sebastian started to break it down for her. 
Sasha nodded in agreement. “From a psychological perspective, that would be how it happened. But you mentioned something about her nature?” 
“I meant it's a trait that she was born with. It's in her blood. For example, Susan has given Yasmin so many chances, yet Yasmin has never shown gratitude. However, a tiny offense by Susan immediately spiked her resentment. This proves that she's naturally a competitive, defensive, and extremely petty person. This is just her character and has nothing to do with the environment.” With that, Sebastian concluded his analysis. 
Every single word he said hit the nail right on the head. There was nothing Sasha could say that could refute his points. 
After all, it was true that being competitive and jealous wasn't a trait that was only confined to people of poorer status. Many among the wealthy echelons shared the same trait as well. 
Therefore, the environment could not be blamed. 
Rather, it was one's nature. 
Once Sasha understood the situation, she was even more worried. 
“So what are you gonna do about it now? Are you gonna arrest her immediately? You already have your hands on the proof that she's the murderer, right?”
In contrast to Sasha's anxiousness, Sebastian was unfazed. “Patience, Darling. There's still a bigger fish to fry. Let's wait until it takes the bait,” he said casually. 
Bait? Is he still fishing for something larger? 
Sasha could not help but worry about Ian, who was in Pollerton. She did not want her son to be caught in the whole ordeal. 
That night, Sasha sent a text to his youngest son, who was at the military academy. 
She wrote: Matteo, are you free these few days? Can you take a few days off? 
Matteo: Sure thing, Mommy. Is something wrong? 
Seeing that Matteo was willing to agree to her request without hesitation, Sasha felt relieved. 
She quickly sent another text to Matteo: Just the project Ian's working on. The grand opening is happening soon. I'm just a bit concerned that someone might be secretly causing trouble. I'd like it if you can come back and protect Ian. 
Sasha intentionally left Susan and Timothy out of the picture. 
Instead, she mentioned the trouble faced by the Hayes Corporation. 
All in all, the couple was as sharp as people gave them credit for. One of them knew every detail regarding Susan and Timothy's ordeal, while the other could detect a hitch in the workings of the company miles away.
When Matteo heard that someone was daring enough to plot against Ian, he immediately agreed to help without a second thought. 
The next day, Matteo flew to Pollerton, missing Susan and Timothy by just a hair. 
Nevertheless, picking up a child at the airport was the last thing on his mind as he landed and descended the plane. 
“Are you Matteo?” 
All of a sudden, a little girl of about six to seven appeared out of nowhere. The girl was absolutely beautiful. Her big, round eyes sparkled in the sun. Her chubby cheeks were as white as porcelain. At the sight of Matteo, she immediately ran over and hugged his legs. 
Matteo was already more than one hundred and eighty centimeters tall. His eyes popped with surprise as he stared at the kid wrapped around his legs. 
Where did she come from? And how does she know I'm Matteo? 
“Who are you? You know who I am?” Matteo asked, puzzled. 
“Of course I know who you are. Daddy has a picture of you, and I look at it all the time. Also, it's Vivi who asked me to wait for you here. She and Kurt will be here soon.” The girl's childish voice filled the area as she explained with a huge grin. 
Matteo was rendered speechless. 
What is this? What's Vivi doing here? And Kurt as well? What's going on? 
To his relief, it was not long before he caught a glimpse of a young woman in a pink dress and a white lace hat. The young woman was sitting on top of a suitcase like a child as she was pushed along the exit lane by a tall, muscular, and handsome young man.
###Chapter 1830
Chapter 1830
“Matt! I'm over here! Over here!” 
Vivian dragged the last syllable of the last word as she waved her arms at Matteo. 
The entire airport could hear her excited voice, and it annoyed Matteo to no end. 
“Why did you come back? Also, you coming back is one thing, but why is there a kid here? Unless...” 
Something suddenly crossed Matteo's mind, causing his signature big eyes to widen even more. His gaze moved from the little girl on his legs to the faces of the two people moving toward him. 
As usual, Vivian was slow in picking up clues. She did not figure out what was happening. 
Kurt, on the other hand, instantly turned red at Matteo's gaze. Soon enough, his expression turned grim, and there was a shadow on his beautiful features. 
“Have you seen a nine-year-old child having a baby?” Kurt asked. 
Matteo was at a loss for words. 
After some quick calculations, Matteo remembered that the guy in front of him was only sixteen, while the little girl still hugging his legs was already about six to seven years old. It was impossible for the girl to be his child. 
Matteo chuckled sheepishly to hide his awkwardness. 
“Haha, I'm just messing with you. Then tell me, whose child is this? Why did you guys suddenly bring her here?” 
“Matt, don't you recognize her? She's Ms. Fischer's daughter. Her father is sick and no one can take care of her at the moment. We were on a trip and visited him, and he asked us to bring her along with us,”
explained Vivian. 
At that, Matteo lowered his gaze once again to look closely at the girl. Only then did he realize that the child's features looked very much like Willow's. 
Matteo sighed, remembering the late woman who used to take care of them when they were younger. His heart sank as the grief of her death weighed it down. 
After a few seconds, Matteo bent down and picked the girl up in his arms. 
“Don't get me wrong. I'm not here to see you. We're here to see Momma,” said Natalie. 
“Momma?” Matteo asked, puzzled. 
“Yeah, Momma Ichika. But we were already on the plane when we found out Momma has gone to Jetroina and is taking care of the baby in her tummy, so she can't take care of me. That's why Vivi brought me here.” 
“Yep! Convenient!” Vivian said in a straightforward manner. 
It truly was convenient for her. To go to Avenport, they had to make a stop at Pollerton. When Sasha informed them that Ichika had not yet returned, they decided to just stay in Pollerton instead. 
Besides, Vivian wanted to see Ian too. 
To her pleasant surprise, Matteo was there as well. 
Vivian was overjoyed. Despite the fact that she was already eighteen, she felt like a small child again when sandwiched between the two young men. The entire way, Vivian carried six-year-old Natalie while Kurt pushed them out of the airport on a suitcase. 
Seeing the image, Matteo shook his head at Kurt disapprovingly. “At this rate, you're going to spoil her.”
Kurt did not say a word. 
After a moment of silence, the young man turned his emotionless face toward Vivian and asked, “Do you have a problem with that?” 
Matteo's mouth dropped to the ground. 
This guy is really something! 
The four of them made their way to where Ian was staying. 
When the door of the apartment opened, Ian was dumbfounded by the sight of the four of them. He froze at the doorway and gaped at them in disbelief, forgetting what he was supposed to be doing. 
It was only after Susan heard the commotion did she walk over. 
“My gosh! Matteo, Vivi, and Kurt? What are all of you doing here? Why didn't you give us a heads-up? I didn't prepare anything for you guys.” Upon seeing the four of them, Susan was taken aback as well. 
“You don't have to prepare anything for us, Aunt Susan. We're all family. There's no need to be so courteous.” 
Vivian waved her hand dismissively before waltzing into the apartment as if it were her own. 
Kurt followed from behind. 
It didn't take him long to notice a weight dragging him down. Lowering his gaze, he saw a child hugging his leg and staring at him with puppy eyes and a pout on her face. 
“Kurt, why didn't anyone welcome me? Do they not like me?”
Her pitiful voice melted everyone's heart instantly. 
Kurt stared at the girl quietly. 
Just as he was about to explain, a huge silhouette appeared beside him. Seeing that Natalie had her arms wrapped around someone's legs again, he bent down and picked her up. 
“Aunt Susan, come here. Let me introduce you to the kid Vivian and Kurt picked up from the roadside along the way.” Matteo grinned. 
“Huh?” 
“Matt, what are you talking about? She's—” 
All of a sudden, Natalie burst into tears. 
Giant teardrops escaped her pair of lovely eyes and rolled down her smooth cheeks, dropping onto the ground with a splat. She flailed her arms and looked aggrieved. 
Susan did not know whether to laugh or cry. 
She quickly went over to Matteo and carried Natalie into her arms, not forgetting to scold Matteo. “Matteo, you went too far. She's just a child. You startled her.” 
“Heh, I was just kidding...” Matteo chuckled awkwardly. 
“You are as thoughtless as I am.” Timothy eyed Matteo. 
Timothy's words managed to shut Matteo up. 
Ian stood at the side and eyed the situation in silence as well.
After a long while of comforting and coaxing, Natalie finally stopped crying. Once she had calmed down, she trotted over to Ian, who posed the least danger. 
“Do you like me, Ian?” 
The adorable little girl ran into Ian's room. Seeing that he was working, she went over and rested her head on his desk. She then looked at him with her head tilted. 
Ian glanced at the little girl. 
She truly resembled her mother. Even though her facial features were still of a child, one could tell she was a real belle. 
“Go play outside.” Ian did not answer her question but shooed her away casually instead. 
Natalie did not budge. 
She kept staring at Ian while maintaining her position, mesmerized by his clean features. Out of the blue, a drop of clear liquid dripped from her pink small mouth and onto Ian's desk. 
Splat! 
Ian was dumbfounded.
###Chapter 1831
Chapter 1831
Natalie ended up lazing in Ian's room. 
The fact was that she was afraid of Matteo. He was tall and looked like he enjoyed playing pranks on others. Hence, whenever she went out and saw him, she was always afraid that he might lift her up again. 
Hence, she sat on Ian's couch and played obediently. 
Meanwhile, Susan was cooking outside. Since there were suddenly so many guests, she became busy. 
Luckily, Kurt was there to help. 
“Kurt, I didn't expect you to know how to cook! How impressive. Did you know that Timothy doesn't know how to do anything? He just asks for everything that he needs. I wonder if he'll starve to death in the future.” 
Looking at Kurt, who was cutting the vegetables skillfully, she was surprised and envious. 
A smile formed on Kurt's lips. 
Naturally, he knew how to cook after training at SteelFort for a few years. The training was not just limited to combat—survival skills were taught as well. 
Furthermore, he had a glutton with him; thus, there was no way that he would not know how to cook. 
Kurt tried his best to help Susan prepare the food. 
“Time to eat! After we are done, let's take a look at Ian's project.” Matteo was always optimistic. When he saw that the food was served, he ran to Ian's room. 
When Natalie saw him, she shuddered in fear. She ran away from the couch and crawled into Ian's arms.
Ian was speechless. 
Matteo complained, “What's wrong with her? Why does she always run to you whenever she sees you, but treat me like I'm a ghost?” 
Ian replied, “All right, let's go out and eat.” 
Then, he pushed his big-built brother out of his room and pulled Natalie out of his arms. 
With his large figure, Matteo would undeniably intimidate children. Since he had been in the military school for quite some time, he was very strong and muscular. Furthermore, he was a prankster. 
On the other hand, Ian did not train so intensely due to his health and was much thinner. His introverted personality made him seem more approachable too. 
However, this was only Natalie's perspective. Any other person would think that Ian was cold and aloof whenever they saw him. 
“Let's go and eat,” instructed Ian calmly as he gazed at Natalie. 
While being carried by him, Natalie blinked her large, watery eyes. 
“Can I sit with you? Kurt is definitely sitting next to Vivian, so I can't sit there. There's also Matteo and the other dude...” Natalie pouted as she revealed a fearful expression. 
Is she serious? 
The veins on Ian's temples throbbed. 
However, left with no choice, he could only take Natalie out.
Susan asked, “Huh? Is she with you all this while? It's no wonder I didn't hear anything.” 
When she brought the food out and saw Ian bringing Natalie out, she was very surprised. She walked over and stroked her tiny head. 
“Your name is Nat, right?” 
“Yeah!” 
When Natalie saw how gentle Susan was, she immediately took a liking to her. 
Susan asked, “Do you want to sit with me? He might not know how to take care of you.” 
She pointed at Ian, who had never taken care of anyone. 
Natalie looked at both of them. 
A handsome big brother or a gentle big sister... Never mind! I'll fill my tummy first before playing with him. 
Natalie allowed Susan to carry her away obediently. The meal ended in a fun and lively exchange between those young men and young ladies. 
After eating, Ian agreed to take them to the project area. 
Hence, the whole gang left enthusiastically. 
“Ian, how's the project looking? Are you going to turn everything into a commercial district?” asked Vivian since she was quite knowledgeable about businesses. 
Ian passed her a blueprint.
“It's going to look like this for now, but I want the surroundings to form a business ring. That's how we can maximize profit. So, we'll wait and see how things turn out after business starts.” 
“That's possible. But do you want to add something more unique?” 
Vivian suddenly made a suggestion after receiving Ian's blueprint—a contrast to her usual carefree personality. 
What? Something unique? 
Ian glanced at her. Matteo, who was driving in the front, and Kurt in the front seat also turned around simultaneously. 
“What do you mean?” 
“Like classical architecture, you know? The show that I organized in Elysium, Yorksland, helped the place to shoot to popularity. We can look for something similar to that,” reminded Vivian. 
Everyone had to admit that among the triplets, Vivian was the most naturally gifted in terms of business. In short, she had inherited the good genes from both Sasha and Sebastian. 
A smart man like Ian immediately understood what she meant. Ideas started surfacing in his mind rapidly.
###Chapter 1832
Chapter 1832
He was not as talented as Vivian since his strength was in the area of research. However, with his highly intelligent brain, he understood her idea immediately. 
Soon, he came up with a strategy. 
“Are you talking about an international modeling competition?” 
When Susan heard that idea, her mouth fell agape in shock. 
Isn't that too much? This is only a small project. Is there a need to spend so much? 
However, when Ian raised that idea, all the others agreed unanimously, especially Vivian. 
“That's a good idea! We can leverage the Hayes Corporation brand and organize a large-scale modeling competition! This building will have its first headline.” 
“Sounds reasonable,” agreed Kurt. 
Matteo and Timothy did not even need to say anything. They merely followed the majority's opinion. 
Half an hour later, everyone arrived at the building and Ian brought them on a tour around the place. After ensuring that the project was feasible, he would have to consult Sebastian. 
Since Solomon had not returned, Sebastian was in charge of the final decision. 
Indeed, when Sebastian, who was all the way at Jadeborough, heard that idea, he thought that it was quite good. However, he changed it a bit—the international modeling competition could just be for clout. They could just invite a few international models, while the rest of the participants could be locals. 
The Hayes Corporation would host the competition. They could announce that that place would be the origin of Hayes' first foray into the fashion industry.
“Oh my God! Daddy is like a god.” Vivian was extremely impressed by Sebastian when she heard the final plan. 
Ian and the rest immediately changed the strategy at the office. Since it was almost time for the opening ceremony, almost everyone played a part in it. 
Vivian offered, “I'll be responsible for contacting the supermodels. Lady Adalyn can help me with that.” 
Matteo said, “I'll be in charge of rebuilding the place. If this is the final plan, we must redo the surroundings and extend it by a few more kilometers.” 
Kurt chimed in, “I'll take charge of safety! You can leave the entire project to me.” He was the most ambitious. 
Ian patted his shoulder gratefully and passed him the contact details of the captain of the security team. 
As for Susan and Timothy, their task was to contact the competitors. After all, they had studied there for a long time. 
After returning home, Timothy scratched his head and asked, “Susan, who should we look for?” 
Susan glanced at her school, which was nearby. She thought about it and said, “I wonder if there's anyone from our school who'd be willing to join.” 
“Our school?” 
“Yeah! We can invite anyone to join the modeling competition. It's somewhat like a talent show. If that's the case, even students from our school are eligible.” 
Susan was smart enough to have understood the ingenuity of the plan instantly.
Timothy's eyes lit up. 
Immediately, the siblings split up. Timothy was in charge of looking for guys, while Susan looked for girls. 
“A modeling competition organized by the Hayes Corporation? Oh my God! I'm going! I'm so going!” 
Amongst the girls, Zaylynn was the first to jump in excitement upon hearing the news. 
If she was already so excited, the other girls would naturally be equally so. 
Within one afternoon, Susan managed to find many people who wanted to join. She had a jolly good time looking at all of them, who were blessed with long legs and slender waists. 
It was the same for the guys too. 
Although Yasmin knew about the competition, she did not dare to say anything. 
With her looks and figure, she was more than eligible to join the competition. However, she did not dare to do so. She felt like a clown that had been dragged to a dark corner, hidden from the light forever. She could only enviously watch the other girls grab that rare opportunity. 
“Why aren't you going, Yasmin? You've got such a good figure. If you sign up, you'll definitely be selected!” A voice rang out from behind. 
She immediately turned around and looked at the student council secretary, who had approached her. 
“I...” 
“You don't dare to go? If you're scared, I'll accompany you there. This is an amazing chance. Although I know that your dream is to become a top financial planner, winning Hayes Corporation's modeling competition is also a shortcut to success!” stated the student council secretary directly.
The secretary was right. This was the easiest shortcut to reach success. 
If the Hayes Corporation truly had an intention to expand into the modeling industry, it would be influential enough to secure a huge market. The model who won the competition would definitely become famous. When that time came, she would be drowning in invitations. 
There was no one definite path to success. Many people would realize that their route to success would not be the same route that they had dreamed of initially. 
Hence, this would not conflict her dream at all. 
However, Yasmin lowered her gaze despondently.
###Chapter 1833
Chapter 1833
“No, I don't like it.” 
With that, she left with her head still bowed. 
Seeing that, the student council secretary had no choice but to sigh and walk away. 
Yasmin quickly returned to her dorm. To her surprise, she received a message on her phone immediately upon returning. 
Anonymous: I want you to attend that competition. 
Crash! 
Her phone fell to the ground. She glared at it in utter terror, as if she had just encountered a ghost. 
Feelings of fear, shock, and disbelief were written on her face immediately. 
Why? Didn't I already delete him? Why can he still contact me? How did he infiltrate my phone? 
Shuddering, she stood there for more than a minute, completely paralyzed. It was like something terrifying like a plague or a vicious demon was lying on the floor instead of her phone. 
She wished for nothing more than to smash it into pieces. 
In reality, she did that. However, when she stepped on the phone, it started blaring loudly. There was nothing more despairing than this. 
Oh god, is here no way out of this? 
In the end, she picked the phone up with a despondent look and placed it against her ear robotically.
“What are you doing, Yasmin? Do you think that you can cut off contact with us just like that? Let me tell you this. From the moment you contacted us, you will never be able to get rid of us. Don't even think of escaping us!” reminded the person viciously over the phone. Every word was like a venomous snake sinking its fangs into her flesh, causing her to shudder in fear. 
However, she was at her wits end. 
“Yasmin, don't forget that you've got blood on your hands. Someone died. Although you didn't kill the person personally, you're involved in every step. You can't prove yourself innocent anymore,” he continued harshly. 
Yeah! There is no way I can wash the blood off my hands. It looks like I can only follow them to hell now! 
“What... What do you want to do? Ian's siblings are here. There's no chance for you to kill Susan and her brother!” 
“That's why I'm making you join the competition,” revealed the person sinisterly. “Let me tell you this— Sebastian's eldest son has a mental illness. Sebastian sent him to the University of Pollerton and made him in charge of the Hayes Corporation's project in order to train him. If Ian ruins the project, what will happen to him?” 
“I'm really looking forward to this. If someone dies, it'll be even more entertaining!” added that vicious man. 
Immediately, Yasmin felt like darkness was engulfing her again as she stood in her room. She smashed her phone onto the ground and shrieked shrilly. 
She finally understood how despair and fear felt like—once she stepped into the abyss of darkness, there would be no path of return.
The next day arrived. 
After all their effort yesterday, those who stayed in the apartment completed their tasks exceptionally. The next step was to continue with their own duties. 
“My task is to design clothes today. Within a week, I'll finish designing all their outfits.” 
“Sure!” 
On the temporary meeting table, which had been repurposed from the dining table in the apartment, everyone started reporting their work progress before even having breakfast. 
Ian, who was in charge of the project, was pleased when he heard about Vivian's progress. 
It was Matteo next. “I've already found a renovation team. After your side is done with the blueprint, we can start work immediately.” 
“My security system is almost done too. I can ensure that not even a fly can escape my eyes.” Kurt handed his blueprint up too. If he was the one in charge of security, the outcome would undoubtedly be good. 
As the top assassin of SteelFort, this was a piece of cake for him. 
Ian glanced at Timothy and Susan. While Timothy did not make much progress and had only found a few guys, Susan produced a long list of names. 
Vivian exclaimed, “You're so amazing, Aunt Susan! You managed to recruit so many people in such a short time! Who are they?” 
“Some are my schoolmates. When they heard that the Hayes Corporation is organizing a modeling competition, everyone was so excited that they raced to sign up. Another portion of them is made up of
less popular celebrities whom the Neal family had recommended to me.” 
After Susan introduced the first list, she whipped out another one. 
Wow, celebrities! 
Everyone's eyes lit up. 
If there were celebrities joining, the competition would definitely attract more attention. The building and the business district surrounding it would be even more popular as well. 
Everyone glanced at Susan, admiring her intelligence. 
Ian was gazing at her too, not concealing the look of approval that was showing in his eyes. 
Since everyone was done with their preparations, the next step was to start working on them. After eating breakfast, they all left. There was only Ian, who was the chief in charge of the project, and the six- year-old Natalie left in the apartment. 
They just stared at each other for a while...
###Chapter 1834
Chapter 1834
“Don't worry, Ian. I'm a very easy baby. You don't need to feed or coax me. Just bring me along with you wherever you go!” 
When the six-year-old girl saw Ian frowning, she immediately carried her bag, ran to the entrance, and waited for him. 
I'm so obedient, he'll definitely bring me along! 
In the end, Ian brought her along and arrived at the building half an hour later. 
“Oh my God! Where did this little girl come from? She's so pretty!” exclaimed Yvonne and the rest in shock when they saw Natalie. 
Looking at the lady pinching her cheek, Natalie flashed a sweet smile at her. 
“I'm Natalie, Ian's little sister. In the future, I'm going to be his wife!” 
“W-What?” When she said that, everyone in the building was dumbfounded. 
Meanwhile, the water in Ian's mouth spurted out in the office. 
“What are you talking about, Natalie? Who allowed you to spout such nonsense?” 
“I'm not saying nonsense! When I grow up, my dream is to become your wife, Ian. Daddy said that it is possible. As long as I try my best, I can definitely become your wife.” 
With that, the cute little girl stared at Ian with her head tilted to the side. Drool came dribbling down her mouth again. 
Yvonne and the rest doubled over in laughter, unable to control themselves.
Indeed, Natalie seemed like a child who was raised by an eccentric guy like Brandon. Furthermore, there were photos of him, a huge celebrity, and his daughter published occasionally. It was obvious that he doted on her greatly. 
Rumors had it that because his daughter loved to draw, he just lay there and let her tie his hair, apply lipstick to him, and even paint his nails... 
It was no wonder that he had raised a daughter who wanted to marry Ian. 
Meanwhile, Ian fumed at the side. 
When Vivian and Kurt returned at noon, he made a huge fuss and urged them to send Natalie back to Jadeborough. 
Vivian asked, “Why? I've got so much work to deal with now. The models will be arriving soon!” 
Yvonne explained, “Ms. Vivian, this little girl declared right in front of everyone that her dream is to become your brother's wife!” 
“Yeah! Hahaha!” 
Everyone could not help but burst out laughing again. 
Vivian muttered, “Um...” 
Kurt was speechless. 
After a long while, Vivian scratched her head.
“So you already found out, huh? Ian, this is all Uncle Brandon's fault. She has been pasting your photo above her cot since young.” 
“She was willing to come over for your sake,” added Kurt calmly. 
The building was so quiet that they could hear a pin drop. At that moment, everyone fell silent, their gazes flitting between Ian and Natalie. 
They completely ignored Ian's extremely grim expression. 
What a bloody mess! 
Furious, Ian sent a message to Sasha and scolded Brandon for his failure in educating his child. 
Sasha was speechless. A few seconds passed before she finally replied to his message. 
Sasha: Ian, Brandon did that because Nat was diagnosed with lymphoma when she was three and almost lost her life. To motivate her and encourage her to continue with her treatment, he mentioned you. 
Ian: Me? 
Sasha: Yeah! Because you were born prematurely, so your health wasn't that great. Furthermore, since your blood type is special, your father had to take a helicopter to search for hospitals multiple times just to save you. 
Sasha: By using you as an example, Brandon hoped to encourage her to continue living. After she emerged victorious from the battle against her illness, she has been treating you as her idol. 
Sash revealed this hidden past to Ian and even sent a few photos from back then. 
Ian fell silent after seeing the photos.
Natalie was curling up on the bed like a weak little kitten. Her face was deathly pale and her eyes were shut. Even her nose was filled with all sorts of pipes. 
“She's just a little kid. At six years old, she doesn't know what being a wife means! Don't be angry, Ian. She's just fooling around like a child,” assured Vivian at the most critical moment. 
She glanced outside the office and saw Natalie completely engrossed in playing with a little dog, her butt poking out. 
In the end, Ian decided to ignore this matter. He lowered his head and scrutinized the first batch of name lists. 
Yasmin Snow? 
When he saw the last name, a menacing look immediately appeared over his initially relaxed expression. 
Ian: Why is Yasmin's name here? 
Susan: Huh? 
Perhaps Susan was busy, she did not react immediately.
###Chapter 1835
Chapter 1835
When Ian noticed that, he sent a photo of the name list gloomily. Even through the phone, his fury and displeasure were glaringly obvious. 
Susan was at a loss for words. 
How should I explain this? Since that student council secretary specially approached me, I can't possibly refuse. What happened between Yasmin and me hasn't been publicly revealed yet. 
When Susan read the message on the screen, she could already imagine Ian's furious expression. Not knowing how to reply to him, she sent a few words back. 
Susan: The school recommended her. 
Ian: So what? 
Susan: Ian, no one know about our conflict yet. If you contact the school and force her to withdraw from the competition, she might see me in a bad light again. 
Susan's last sentence had a pleading note. 
Yeah! That's what I'm the most afraid of. I can already feel that Yasmin's state of mind has changed drastically. Sometimes, I'm even terrified by her. At the Neal residence the other time, she approached Timothy directly! 
Susan just hoped that everything would become peaceful again. 
Ian read the message in the building. Although there was still some lingering anger within him, he could sense her pleading tone. Hence, he did not say anything else. 
At that moment, Kurt arrived.
“Kurt, I want you to keep an eye on someone.” 
“Who?” 
Kurt was a bit surprised. From his impression, it was rare for Ian, who had a very calm and rational personality, to want to keep an eye on someone so warily. 
He picked up the name list. 
“Yasmin Snow?” 
“Yeah, she's Duncan's elder sister. After realizing that Susan and Timothy were from the Limmer family, she has been acting shady in the dark. She's already responsible for someone's death.” Ian did not hide anything from Kurt. 
When Kurt heard that, he was in disbelief. 
So it's her! Is this Uncle Sebastian's true ive in asking me to come here? Does he want me to bait all these people? 
The intelligent man immediately understood. 
Nodding, he memorized Yasmin's name and face. Soon, he left. 
By the time night fell, the few of them had returned to the apartment. However, Vivian soon noticed that Kurt had not come back yet. 
“Where's Kurt? Why hasn't he returned?”
“I think he's still dealing with the security system. Hey, you're too much. Why aren't you showing concern for me? I didn't even manage to take a sip of water after coming back,” complained Matteo while answering her question. He had just returned to the apartment as well. 
Vivian blushed. 
Just when she was about to pour some water for Matteo, she spotted a pair of tiny hands. Natalie placed a cup of water in front of Matteo before turning around and dashing away. 
“Huh? Nat?” 
“Wow! It's Nat! You love me the most, don't you? Come here and let me give you a hug!” 
Natalie had already hidden behind Ian. When Matteo saw her, he quickly beckoned her to come over. However, she was unwilling to do that. 
Grabbing Ian's shirt, she poked her head out and snuck a peek at Matteo carefully before hiding again. 
“Hahaha!” 
Matteo was taken with how adorable she was. His heart softened as he stood up from the chair and walked over, wanting to carry Nat over. 
“No! I don't want him to carry me! Ian, save me!” screamed Natalie before snuggling into Ian's arms, as if Matteo was a beast. 
This made Matteo unhappy. 
He stared at Natalie gloomily. “This is so weird. Do I look very scary? Why is she so scared of me?”
“You don't look scary. It's just that your actions are! Nat is still a child. How can you be so violent? If you want to have a good relationship with her, you need to be gentle and coax her,” analyzed Vivian. 
When Matteo heard that, he slapped his forehead in realization and quickly took out something from his pocket. 
“Come here, Nat. Look at what this is! If you come here, I'll let you play with it.” 
Still clinging to Ian, Natalie glanced at him. 
What's that? Is that a toy? 
In the end, Natalie allowed Matteo, who was as tall as a skyscraper to her, to carry her. She sat on his lap and started playing with a robot he had brought from the building. 
Time passed quickly. Soon, it was time for the building's opening. Everyone was done with their preparations as well. The media reporters who had heard about it quickly rushed over. 
“Even the reporters are here. Seems like today's event will be big.” When Ian received the news, he specially summoned Kurt over to his room and told him that. 
A calm expression hung on Kurt's face. 
Actually, he wanted to ask Ian something. The main event for today is the project he's in charge of. Why is he constantly thinking about that issue? What is he really focusing on?
###Chapter 1836
Chapter 1836
“Don't worry. I've already made all the necessary preparations. Every single one of Yasmin's actions will not escape my eyes,” assured Kurt. 
Ian heaved a sigh of relief upon hearing that. After getting ready, he left with Kurt following behind him. 
“Kurt, thanks in advance for today. I just received a call saying that Zaylynn's father will be bringing some government officials over. The event will be on an extremely grand scale! In that case, security will have to be tighter as well.” 
To Kurt's surprise, he bumped into Susan after coming out. She had not left yet. 
Stopping in his tracks, Kurt casually glanced at Ian, who had just entered the car, then back at Susan. 
“It's fine. The preparations are all done. I've even arranged for some people to come all the way from Oceanic Estate. There won't be a single hiccup.” 
“Good.” Susan felt relieved when she heard that. 
Carrying the box on the ground, she walked alongside Kurt and said, “Ian's project is very important. Nothing bad must happen.” 
“Why?” 
“This is his first assignment after he made his first step into society. Both of us know what his personality is like. It has not been easy for him to reach this stage.” 
Susan gazed at the car waiting for them in front. As she stood there, a gentle look appeared in her eyes —like a light breeze rippling the surface of a tranquil lake. 
It was as if the only person that she could see at that moment was Kurt sitting in the car. However, she did not even notice that.
Kurt smirked and averted his gaze. 
“Don't worry. I won't let anything happen to him.” 
And you too. 
However, Kurt did not say the last part. 
Soon, everyone arrived at the building. The greatly anticipated ceremony and the modeling competition were finally unveiled in front of a huge crowd... 
“I'm so nervous! So many people came today. Those famous models are really here!” 
“Yeah! There are even celebrities. The Hayes Corporation is really capable. We must seize this golden opportunity!” 
“Yeah!” 
The other models in the building's dressing room discussed excitedly with each other, especially Zaylynn and the rest. 
Since it was such a grand event, they were naturally very thrilled. 
Yasmin was in the dressing room too. 
While she sat there and listened to their discussion, her fingers turned cold. 
“Miss, you're too nervous! It's not easy for me to do your makeup like this. Relax!” reminded the makeup artist when she noticed it. 
Yasmin took a deep breath and forced herself to calm down.
After much difficulty, her makeup was done and the next step was to pick her clothes. The models filed out of the room and headed to the other changing room. 
“Yasmin, here's our strategy. Sebastian's daughter will be in charge of the changing room in the front. She's responsible for all the models' clothes. Your mission is to stir up some trouble there.” 
“What did you say?” shrieked Yasmin in shock when she heard that. 
Are those devils crazy? How dare they target Sebastian's daughter? Aren't they afraid that they'll die a horrible death? 
She froze in her tracks. Lifting the hem of her dress, she rushed to a quiet place. She suppressed her fury and demanded, “What are you planning to do? Our target is Susan and no one else!” 
“I know. But doing this is for the sake of targeting Susan.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“If something bad happens to Sebastian's daughter in this event, Ian will undoubtedly be greatly affected. Once both of his children are harmed, what will Sebastian do? He'll naturally be furious. By then, he won't defend Susan and Timothy anymore. After all, he entrusted Ian to both of them personally. Without Sebastian's protection, we can kill them anytime we want!” gloated the person menacingly over the phone. 
That was their final plan—to let someone else do the dirty work for them. 
The most powerful force backing Susan and Timothy up was Sebastian and the Jadesons. If they could not ruin that connection, they would never be able to get Susan and Timothy. 
Furthermore, if Ian was cast out of the picture, it would be easy for them to kill a twenty-one-year-old woman.
When the person on the phone thought about this plan's success, he laughed gleefully. 
Yasmin's chest heaved rapidly. 
She felt like she was on the verge of fainting. Her body felt even colder as if she had just been plunged into a terrifying abyss. Other than death, there was no other option.
###Chapter 1837
Chapter 1837
Why did I reply them back then? Why did I do that? 
“Yasmin, are you in contemplation? It's okay if you're unwilling, we won't insist. But it's a good day today. There are so many reporters here too. I don't mind making this opening ceremony a lot more exciting.” 
“W-What do you mean?” 
“You don't understand what I mean? We have records of everything you've done.” 
That demon then burst into maniacal laughter over the phone... 
Yasmin felt her last shred of hope vanish into thin air. 
Meanwhile, in the dressing room. 
The place was Vivian's turf, at least for that particular day. 
A large portion of the designs was her works. And even though there were inclusions from other fashion designers she had invited, she was still the main person in charge. As such, upon arrival at the venue, the models were basically heeding her commands. 
“Look, guys. That's Ian's sister. She's not only pretty but is extremely capable too.” 
“Exactly! She's amazing!” 
When Zaylynn and the others walked into the dressing room and saw Vivian buried in work, they all had astonishment and admiration filled their eyes. 
Even Yasmin, who arrived later than the rest, was dazed momentarily at the sight of Vivian at a distance away. 
She is very beautiful, indeed.
All along, Yasmin had been very confident about her appearance. She had received numerous compliments since she was a child. Furthermore, she had never encountered another girl who could win her in terms of looks. 
But after meeting Vivian, she had to admit that the latter was much more gorgeous than herself. 
Vivian had a perfect oval-shaped face with a pair of watery, black eyes that sparkled like gemstones. Despite the large crowd at the venue, she would still pull a sweet smile up on her face whenever someone called her. Her appearance was honestly a sight to behold. 
“Vivi, should we run a round of rehearsal after everyone gets changed?” 
Susan was inside too. 
She was in charge of the order of the models' entrance into the show. Therefore, there was a need for clear communication between Vivian and her to avoid making any possible blunders. 
Turning around, Vivian nodded in acknowledgment after seeing that it was Susan. 
“Yeah, Aunt Susan. It's Ian's first project; we can't afford any mistakes. It'll be great if we do some rehearsals before that.” 
“All right.” Susan was totally for the idea. 
With that, she led the models and headed into the dressing room. Meanwhile, Vivian stayed outside to watch the models, who had already got changed, do their rehearsal on the runway. 
Just then, Yasmin walked over. 
“Huh? Why haven't you gotten changed?” Surprisingly, Vivian spotted her presence despite the crowd in the area.
At once, Yasmin stopped in his tracks. 
“I... I...” 
“Oh gosh. You have what it takes to be a model. You have a great figure and sharp facial features. Which team are you in?” 
Vivian grabbed onto her tightly, and after closely observing her from head to toe professionally, the former's eyes glistened like the stars at night. Without hesitation, she inquired about Yasmin's team. 
In truth, her reaction was just like any other designer. While they were particular about designing clothing, finding a good model was also something they highly coveted. 
The turn of events was, unquestionably, out of Yasmin's imagination, leaving her slightly bewildered. Before she could try to say anything, the naive and enthusiastic girl in front of her asked her assistant to bring over an outfit. 
“Hey, babe. Here you go! This dress is the flagship design of my entire collection. You shall put this on!” 
It turned out that Vivian wanted to let her put on the best piece of work. 
Yasmin stood rooted to the ground, unsure how she should feel at that moment. 
Nonetheless, having exchanged gazes with that pair of beautiful eyes filled with hope and affirmation, she suddenly had one thought pervaded her mind—she must not hurt her! 
“What's wrong with you? Do you not like this?” Vivian had no idea that the young lady before her was her biggest threat. Seeing her lost in deep thought, she showered her with concern.
“If you don't like it, I-” 
“No, I do. I like it very much!” Yasmin finally broke her silence and quickly grabbed the dress over from Vivian's grip. 
“But I don't know how to put this on. Can you help me with it?” 
“Of course, that's not a problem,” Vivian agreed to it readily. 
And so, the two of them headed toward the dressing room together. 
As it was the first time Yasmin was removing her clothes in the presence of someone else, she was a little embarrassed and nervous that she seemed slightly hesitant to make a move. 
“Don't worry. I'm a lady too, and I can promise you that there are no pinhole cameras in the dressing room. No one will infringe your privacy,” Vivian thoughtfully reassured in a sweet voice. 
Yasmin lowered her gaze, and a slight blush spread across her cheeks. 
“Great.” She then proceeded to take her clothes off. 
Wow. What a perfect figure indeed. Every measurement hits the golden ratio. 
Vivian was over the moon. She was so engrossed in waiting for Yasmin to put on the dress that she did not realize strange noises sounding from the dressing room next to hers. 
Click! Clack! 
It was a crisp sound of something breaking. 
After someone gasped in shock, the crowd outside instantly cast their fear-filled gazes toward the direction of the dressing room. At the same time, a black figure dashed in from outside.
“Oh, my gosh. What happened? Why will this dressing room suddenly collapse?”
###Chapter 1838
Chapter 1838
“I don't know. Did someone fall?” 
“No. It's merely a mannequin.” Someone in the crowd suddenly made that comment. 
A mannequin? 
Yasmin's expression turned ghastly upon hearing that. 
Naturally, she knew the reason why that dressing room had collapsed. Otherwise, she would not have brought Vivian to another dressing room instead. 
But why a mannequin? 
A bad feeling slowly crept up within her. Instead of getting done with changing into the dress, she parted the curtains and peeked out. 
And like what she had expected, there was a commotion outside. 
However, it was not as chaotic as she had thought. Many in the crowd were instead casting their curious gazes at the dressing room. 
At that moment, a tall, slender silhouette appeared in the dressing room. 
Is that... Ian? 
She felt her heart skip a beat. 
Unexpectedly, it was not Ian. When she caught sight of that person who walked out from inside after taking care of the mess created in that dressing room, she realized it was an unfamiliar face whose features were nowhere inferior to that of Ian. 
And Yasmin was, again, struck in awe by the youth's appearance.
He had a pair of beautiful almond-shaped eyes that sparkled like how a porcelain lamp would. However, he was dripping with an exceptional cold and distant aura. 
As the youth apathetically swept his gaze across the surrounding, the girls around could instantly sense a menacing hostility enveloping the atmosphere, leaving them not daring to make another sound. 
Who is this young man? He's so good-looking! 
“Oh, Kurt? Why are you here?” While everyone was in awe, Vivian's line of vision also landed on that young man and immediately came running out, surprised. 
Well, the young man was none other than Kurt. 
While Yasmin continued to watch the situation in the dressing room, she noticed how the threatening aura that the youth was exuding toned down as soon as Vivian made her way out. His expression turned more tender-looking as he quietly watched the young lady approach. 
“I came over to take a look. Anyway, you guys didn't set up one of the dressing rooms properly.” 
“Is that so?” 
Hearing that, Vivian walked behind him to take a look. Upon finding that there was a big hole formed after the inside of that particular dressing room collapsed, she jumped in shock. 
“Oh gosh. Thankfully we didn't go to that dressing room. Phew, how fortunate.” She patted her chest as she heaved a sigh of relief. 
Kurt merely grunted a reply before he continued scanning through the area with his cold gaze that ultimately landed in Yasmin's direction. 
The intense exchange of gazes threw Yasmin off her composure. She could not help but suck in a sharp breath and shuddered uncontrollably in front of that youth. Her heart nearly fell out of her chest in that
instant. 
It was so bone-chilling Yasmin felt her mind in a complete blank for a moment. 
“All right. Since everything has been resolved, you should head outside first. It's all girls here, so I doubt it's very convenient for you to stick around.” Vivian tried to shove Kurt out of the room. 
Her words seemed to have pulled those models, who were enraptured by the handsome youth, back into reality. In that split second, what followed after a scream was those girls covering their chest with their arms while their faces flushed red in embarrassment. 
Kurt was a little taken aback by the situation. 
In the end, he was dragged out of the room. 
Subsequently, Vivian darted back inside. “I'm sorry for the slight mishap. Let's continue getting changed.” 
Yasmin seemed to have yet recovered from the situation earlier. “O-Okay...” 
Regardless, she followed Vivian back into the dressing room. 
But then, she could no longer be as calm and composed as earlier when she looked at her reflection in the mirror. 
Who exactly is that young man? And why would there be a mannequin in that dressing room? According to the plan, I should be bringing Vivian into the dressing room, and we'll be the ones falling in. But why would there be a mannequin inside? 
Those thoughts only further fueled Yasmin's uneasiness.
“Erm... M-Ms. Vivian, can I ask you something? Who's that guy earlier?” 
“Him? He's my family. We grew up together since young,” Vivian casually revealed Kurt's identity. 
But as soon as her words fell, she saw Yasmin quivering in front of her. 
Grew up with her since young? Could it be... Could it be that he's the personal bodyguard of this young lady of the Hayeses? And that means he's the top assassin of SteelFort those people have been mentioning? So, Lucy, Elizabeth, Colton, and the others have all died at this guy's hands? 
Yasmin's mind was in an utter mess. 
Right then, a voice rang out from the micro earpiece hidden in her ear. 
“Yasmin! You're amazing, huh? How dare you do that again? Are you tired of living?” 
Yasmin did not respond. 
“Fine. Just you wait. I'll settle scores with you again.” Finishing that, that person switched off the transmitter. 
“Hey, what's on your mind? I've put on the outfit for you. I have to head outside to watch the other girls rehearse. Go look for my assistant to get your hair set.” 
After putting the dress on Yasmin, Vivian was preparing to head outside. 
To her surprise, just as she turned around, Yasmin vehemently grabbed onto her arm. 
“No, you can't. Don't go anywhere. G-Go and look for the young man from earlier. Where is he? Stay by his side. Hurry!” It was the first time Yasmin had ever lost control of her emotions.
###Chapter 1839
Chapter 1839
Yasmin grabbed onto Vivian's wrist firmly. At that moment, she finally found her conscience after evil and darkness devoured her entire soul. 
Puzzlement swamped the latter as she stared intently at Yasmin. 
Snap! Right then, the lights in the dressing room suddenly grew dim following that sound. 
“Aaaahh!” the girls at the venue shrieked in horror. 
Similarly, Vivian looked up above her head in shock. Within a second, just as she felt someone grab her wrist and pull her out, she also felt a pair of hands pushing her from the back. 
Following that, a clattering noise resonated through the air. Outside Vivian's line of vision, a massive black hole appeared. This time, the young lady standing behind her fell straight into it. 
Nobody liked darkness, to be honest. 
Unfortunately, it was too late. 
When the lights lit up again, Vivian saw Kurt right before her. The youth had made his appearance again, and this round, hugging her in his arms. Turning around, she instantly fell into a daze when she saw that there was not a single soul in the dressing room. 
“Where is she?” 
“Someone took her to get her makeup and hair done. Don't worry,” Kurt gently comforted her while hugging her. 
With that, Vivian felt at ease. In the blink of an eye, she pulled herself together and devoted her attention to the fashion show that had yet to conclude.
Little did she know that in the building where the fashion show was taking place, an opening ceremony was happening concurrently and was under the attention of various media outlets and many audiences. And not too far away, there was an abandoned, old house. Inside, Kurt sat on a stone bench expressionlessly as someone was being thrown in. 
“It's him?” 
“Yes!” Standing by the side, the SteelFort member bobbed his head after bringing in the last person. 
Only then did Kurt raise his glance to look and walk over to that person slowly. 
Throughout it all, that person merely stared ahead numbly. 
Even though he did not recognize Kurt, he felt an inexplicable fear surge inside him as the youth walked up to him. It was almost as if Kurt had the presence of Lucifer and was about to send him to meet his doom. 
“W-What do you want from me?” 
“What do you think?” Murderous intent filled Kurt's eyes as he placidly threw a question back. 
Suddenly, he reached his arm out as fast as lightning, grabbed onto that person's chest, and forcefully smashed him toward the ground. Loud crunching sounds, similar to the ones heard in the dressing room earlier, resounded in the air. 
That person's ribs were crushed! 
“Pfft!” 
It was simply too horrifying.
Blood spewed out from that person's mouth. Standing by the side, the two SteelFort members felt their scalp prickle and could barely breathe as they watched the scene. 
Indeed. This rascal has got even more merciless. 
The most frightening fact was that Kurt had no intentions of ending that person's life. He wanted the latter to suffer in immense pain. 
“I've underestimated you. I thought you only wanted Susan and her brother's life. But it seems like you're eyeing Vivian's too. Do you know what my bottom line is?” 
Kurt stood up and pulled out a silk handkerchief to wipe the blood stains off his fingers. Then, he walked back and sat down again. 
That person could not muster the strength to speak. Tremendous fear was over pouring from him. 
Of course, there was no need for him to respond. The answer was clear—it was the naive little girl, Vivian. 
That person shut his eyes in agony. 
“What's his name?” Kurt gulped down a mouthful of water and finally popped that question. 
“Maurice, a student of the University of Pollerton and the student council secretary. We've run a check, and he doesn't seem to have any connections to those people on the name list.” 
The SteelFort member brought over a document, which seemed like they had secured while capturing that person on the ground. 
Kurt grabbed it and carefully looked through it.
It was the same name list. Oddly enough, several names on the list had been strung together and used to form a string of numbers. On one look, it made no sense at all. 
Kurt had no reaction whatsoever. 
“Hahaha! There's no need to look so thoroughly. There's no way you guys can figure out even if you guys are smart enough.” 
That person had finally managed to catch his breath and spoke rather brazenly, perhaps because he figured he was doomed. 
Yet, things did not turn out that way. He was left disappointed as it only took Kurt one glance before he grabbed a pen and drew on it. 
“Go look up for this latitude and longitude; find out what place this is.” 
“Got it.” The members went to investigate without delay. 
Several minutes later, they achieved findings. 
“We found it. It's also in Xenhall. But it's on a mountain called Minnewell Hill.” 
“Minnewell Hill?” Confusion flashed across Kurt's eyes. 
The blood-stained face of that person lying on the ground turned grim upon hearing the SteelFort member's report. 
“So, Xenhall used to be Eddie's nest. If that's so, there must be some secret hidden in it. Send this information to Mr. Hayes and get him to check what on earth is it about.” Kurt made a decision. 
Beads of cold sweat began forming on the foreheads of the SteelFort members.
Isn't that rascal a little too outrageous? It's a task handed to him, yet now he's instructing Mr. Hayes to investigate something? Does he have an idea who's the boss here? And who's the subordinate? 
The two members were, undoubtedly, rendered speechless by Kurt!
###Chapter 1840
Chapter 1840
Nevertheless, the two SteelFort members had no choice but to pass the message in the end. 
What left them utterly stunned was how they received news from Oceanic Estate within twenty minutes. 
“Mr. Hayes says that place should be Eddie's other military supply storehouse.” 
“The other?” A frown formed between Kurt's brows. 
I remembered Karl mentioning the military supply storehouse. According to him, it should've been blown up in the underground tunnel during the battle back then. Why will there still be one here? 
“Does that mean that he is a remnant of Eddie's followers? And he's going to make a comeback? Then why is he after Susan and Timothy? Aren't they the grandchildren of Eddie?” 
“Erm... that's not it. Don't get too agitated, Kurt. Mr. Hayes says this person probably only wants to seek revenge for his family.” The SteelFort member sounded a little awkward. He took out the phone and clicked open to show Kurt the information Sebastian sent. 
Revenge? 
Kurt was left completely puzzled until he took the phone over and saw the photo that revealed the true identity of that person before his eyes. 
“Maurice White? His last name is White?” 
“Yes. He's the grandson of Alfred's brother. Back then, after Alfred suffered a crushing defeat at the hands of Mr. Hayes, Eddie saw that there was no use for this pawn anymore. Afraid that Alfred would divulge his secrets, he got Elizabeth to poison them to death.” 
“Poison them to death?” Kurt raised an eyebrow.
“That's right. This child coincidentally was placed under his grandma's care, and that was how he was lucky to escape death.” 
Kurt's face turned grim. 
Without a doubt, he knew who Elizabeth was. He was, after all, the one who killed her. 
Even if she has something to do with Eddie, she's still Alfred's wife. They even gave birth to Baylor. How could she be that ruthless? 
Kurt shifted his gaze to Maurice again, who was barely alive after being badly whacked up by him earlier. 
“So, your real motive is to avenge your family members?” 
“I-Isn't that the same? Aren't those names on the list all die at Eddie's hands? I merely gathered them together. I-Is there anything wrong with me killing Eddie's descendants and taking his things?” Trembling involuntarily on the floor, he exerted all his energy to query his doubts. 
Kurt went silent. 
He could not find words to answer those questions. After all, Eddie was also his enemy whom he held a grudge with. 
Back then, had he not colluded with Daphne in an attempt to usurp Elysium to make it his base, Daphne would not have bewitched his father to kill his heir, one after another. 
It was first Calvin and Channing, then him.
That was why he could totally relate to that person when he mentioned boring a grudge. 
But grudges aside, choosing to kill some other innocent people just because you wanted to seek revenge, what difference will that make of you from Eddie or Elizabeth? 
Kurt returned the phone to the members beside him. 
“Do you have any idea who killed Elizabeth?” 
“Who?” 
“Me!” 
A silent pause ensued. 
“Then, do you know what she did before I killed her back then?” Kurt kept his stoic expression as he continued to ask. 
No words could come out of that person's mouth. The words he heard seconds ago left him completely paralyzed, his brain unable to process anything. 
He had been looking for Elizabeth all this while. It was a pity he could not find a trace of her throughout the years, and it was only until last year that he received news about her death. 
He learned that she was killed by a mad youth. 
Back then, that youth had charged toward Yartran and single-handedly wiped out all the nests Elizabeth occupied within a day. Eventually, he also annihilated that cunning woman personally. 
Even at that point, he remembered every single detail of the incident. 
Because of that incident, he had been hoping to meet that youth to show his appreciation for helping the White family seek their revenge. 
“The last thing she did was kill her biological son just so that she could run away. And her son was none other than Susan's father, Colton. Think about it—if she could bring herself to kill her son, she wouldn't bat an eye on killing you?” 
There was no response. 
“In other words, Colton was actually a victim too. Why would you see him or his children as your target for revenge? He had never mentioned anything about his true identity to his daughter. And because he tried to save Vivi from the snake venom, his mom killed him. Not everyone wants to be the devil in the darkness in this world, and he was one of them. He only wanted to live a normal life. Why did you not let them off?” It was rare of Kurt to advise anyone with such patience. 
Perhaps, he did that because mentioning someone else's family tragedy reminded him of himself. 
Laying on the floor, Maurice finally stopped saying anything. 
He stared blankly at the ceiling. His face, probably because of too much blood lost, had turned as white as the dead, and as time elapsed, he slowly shut his eyes tight. 
“Take him away.” Kurt waved his hand as he figured the matter had been settled. 
Shortly after, when he strode out from the deserted house, Matteo, who had brought people along with him, ran toward him.
###Chapter 1841
Chapter 1841
“So? Have you taken care of the matter at your end? I heard the person backing them up was the student council secretary in their school,” Matteo asked. 
“Mm, he's Maurice White, Alfred's grandson. What about Yasmin?” Kurt asked. 
Matteo shrugged. “She's been sent to the hospital. She'll be fine. You've made a lot of preparations. Still, she must pay for what she has done.” 
“Mm.” Kurt didn't deny it. 
After that, both of them returned to the building and acted as though nothing had happened. They waited until the grand opening ceremony started and the fashion show ended before they went to find Ian. 
“Wow, today's event was a great success! Look, everyone's talking about us on the internet.” 
“Yeah! We're trending!” 
“Zaylynn, look, they're all talking about you...” 
That show had achieved unprecedented success. Even after it had ended, there were still people sticking around. 
Ian was standing at a distance, staring at the scene. 
It was his first time appearing in front of so many people. However, he was no longer afraid. His heart was currently filled with great joy that the success of the show had brought him. 
Joy like that made everyone appear pleasant to his eyes. 
Indeed, a person's environment could change a person.
Susan was carrying a bunch of gifts. It was prepared by the models for the organizer to celebrate the success of the show, and they insisted on sending those gifts. 
“Ian?” She approached him while panting. 
She had wanted to ask him to help her out. 
However, when she saw the joyous look in his eyes as he stared at the crowd, she stopped and quietly accompanied him from across. 
Happiness filled her beautiful, watery black eyes. 
Compared to the success of the show today, she was gladder that Ian had walked out of his solitude. 
While that transition might not be complete yet, she still felt it was an achievement worth celebrating. 
“Hmm? Why are you carrying so many things, Aunt Susan? You didn't ask anyone for help? Ian? Where is he? Why isn't he helping you carry these?” Matteo and Kurt approached her from behind. 
They had come to help her out when they saw her carrying so many things at once. 
It was then Susan returned to her senses. 
“It's all right. There aren't that many things here. Oh yeah, where did the two of you go earlier? Why didn't I see both of you?” she asked when she saw both of them approaching her. 
Matteo vaguely mentioned that they had gone on a patrol. 
As for Kurt, who was usually a taciturn person, he remained silent. 
When all three of them reached the other side, Ian noticed them and swept his gaze across them and the items in their hands. “Where's Vivi?” 
Before Susan could reply, Kurt suddenly put the gifts in his hands back to her, turned around, and left. 
Once everyone cleaned things up and returned to the apartment, it was already evening. 
“I got news about Yasmin. After she woke up, she called the police and turned herself in.” 
In the evening, one could see a magnificent view on the balcony of the apartment. The brilliant setting sun colored the sky, turning the scene into a splendor painting. 
Kurt shoved his hands into his pockets and stared at the person watering the plants on the balcony. What's that flower? 
He stared at that dog-tail-looking plant and didn't find it all that pleasing to the eye. Yet, the affluent young adult in front of him was willing to lower himself to water that plant. 
“Is that so? What did she say?” 
“She said she killed someone. A girl from the school. She admitted it,” Kurt replied plainly. 
The moment he finished, the person watering the plant stopped. 
At her age, admitting to murder wouldn't lead to her getting a death sentence, but she would have to stay in prison for at least a decade.
Ian continued to water the plant and instructed calmly, “Tell my daddy to transfer a bit of money to the Snow family. It's better for her to sit in prison for a few years than be dead.” 
He didn't say anything about Yasmin being punished appropriately or celebrating it. Instead, he provided humanitarian aid to her family. 
As for Yasmin herself, he was simply glad that she wasn't dead, and it was obvious from his tone. 
Kurt pursed his lips silently and was about to head back to the living room when Ian asked, “I heard Maurice used the military supply storehouse buried by Eddie in Xenhall as bait. Is that true?” 
“Yes.” 
“Then are you heading there next?” 
Kurt didn't expect him to ask that. 
He stayed silent and turned to the woman playing with Natalie in the living room.
###Chapter 1842
Chapter 1842
“Don't worry. I won't tell her. I just want to remind you about it. If you're really heading there, you need to be careful,” Ian said. 
“What do you mean?” Kurt turned back to him. 
If one compared their intelligence, the difference would be apparent. However, everyone has their own strengths. For example, Kurt was great at setting up strategies and executing them. 
As for Ian, he was good at analysis and deductions. 
He had his father's mind. When the pieces were displayed on the board in front of him, he wouldn't make a move, but he would be able to notice important information hidden within quickly. 
“That's Eddie's old nest. Daddy hasn't found it yet after searching for a long time. Why would Maurice know about it? How old was he when his family was poisoned to death? The secret was important, sure, but back then, the White family didn't expect they would be wiped out. So how did he know?” Ian laid out the analysis he conducted in his mind. 
Kurt furrowed his eyebrows upon hearing that. “So you're saying that your daddy is asking me to destroy it so that no one can get it? Is that right?” 
“Yes. That's why you need to be careful. I believe someone else is involved. They'll no doubt get the news that something happened to Maurice,” Ian reminded once again. 
Kurt raised his eyebrow. 
He didn't dwell on the matter. Instead, he was worried about Vivian after he left. 
“What are you standing there for, Kurt? Help me find the beads! Nat accidentally scattered them on the floor.”
Both men were standing on the balcony when they heard an exclamation from the living room. 
It was then followed by the sound of beads falling to the ground from the coffee table. 
The beads were scattered everywhere. 
Vivian was on the verge of tears. 
She didn't care about much, but she cared a lot about her clothes-making material. 
When Kurt saw that, he quickly went in to help her pick it all up. 
The others helped too. Natalie was so shocked that she stood unmoving. 
“What are you standing there for? Go to the side.” Matteo was bending down to pick up the beads when he saw the culprit remained standing on her spot. He picked her up and put her on the couch. That way, it would be more convenient for his huge body to move around and pick up the beads. 
Natalie's watery, big eyes instantly turned red. Nobody likes me or welcomes me here! 
She was hurt, and seeing that no one was paying attention to her as she sat on the couch with teary eyes, she pouted before running away. 
Only when everyone gathered the beads did they realize Natalie was gone. 
“Where's Nat? Where did she go?” 
“Huh? I don't know.” 
Everyone was confused.
In the end, it was Susan who noticed that a pair of small shoes had gone missing from the entrance. 
Everyone began to panic as the sun had completely set. Without hesitation, they all immediately went out to find her. 
Timothy said, “I'm blaming this on Matteo. She probably ran away because you picked on her.” 
“I... I did?” Matteo wanted to deny it, but in reality, he couldn't remember if he had upset her. 
That was because he liked to tease all kids. 
“All right. Let's not talk about that for now and just find her. Oh yeah, Timothy, how about you try calling Zaylynn? Her family is familiar with the place and they know a lot of people. We can ask them for help,” Susan said. 
She suddenly thought about the Neal family. 
Timothy immediately made a call. 
Soon, the entire police force in the area moved out to search for Natalie. 
“Do you want to join me, Matteo?” Susan intentionally invited him to join her. She could feel his anxiety when they split up to find Natalie. 
“It's okay. I move faster than you. I can find her myself,” he said and quickly left, which made Susan feel quite worried. 
At that moment, Ian came by. He saw her staring at his little brother's back and pursed his lip. “He's just feeling guilty. That's why he's desperate to find her.” 
“Ian, you're here.” Susan returned to her senses when she turned around and saw him.
She sighed and attempted to defend Matteo. “I know that, and it's why I'm worried. Matteo definitely didn't do it on purpose. He just likes to joke around with Nat. How can a cheerful guy like him be mad at a kid?” 
Ian stared at her. This seems to be the first time I've heard what she thought about someone else, and it turns out to be my brother.
###Chapter 1843
Chapter 1843
Even in the dark of night, Ian could see her fondness for Matteo, especially when she mentioned the cheerful part. She had meant it genuinely. 
Ian looked away and turned around. 
Susan quickly caught up with him and walked by his side. “Where should we find her? This side?” 
“No.” His voice suddenly sounded cold. 
Susan was a little confused by his sudden coldness. But since he had said that, she decided to follow behind him silently instead. When he turned right, she turned right too. 
Did I say something wrong again? Oh my god! 
Matteo finally found Natalie at the police station. 
She was sitting on a chair, surrounded by a male and a female officer. In her hands was a giant lollipop, and she was enjoying it. 
“What's your name, little girl?” 
“Natalie.” Her cute voice and the scent of the sweet softened the police officers' hearts. 
They all found her name to be pleasing to the ear. 
Just as Matteo let out a sigh of relief at finding her, a vein bulged on his forehead when he saw her sitting there and eating a lollipop casually. 
Right as he was about to head in, a policewoman sat next to Natalie because she liked the girl very much. 
“Tell us, Natalie. Why did you run away from home?”
“I didn't run away from home. It's because Daddy's sick.” 
“What did you say?” 
That stunned everyone in the station. Even Matteo paused his steps when he was just about to go in. 
Natalie continued, “Yeah. My daddy's sick, so I'm here. But now I want to go back. Can you take me home?” 
She suddenly raised her head to stare at the policewoman. Tears swelled in her wide eyes. 
The policewoman asked, “Why do you want to go back?” 
“Because I miss Daddy...” 
Tears streamed down Natalie's cheeks as she lowered her head. The entire police station turned silent in an instant. 
Matteo's fists tightened. 
Ever since he was a child, he had been an optimistic person. Even when he encountered many upsetting things in his life, he never let them affect his mood. 
That was until the current moment. 
He wasn't sure what he was feeling. 
There was guilt, but there was remorse and heartache, too. 
Vivian had told him that when they went to pick up Natalie, Brandon called them because he learned that they were in Netheria for vacation.
It had been six years since Brandon left with the child and never returned to Avenport. Matteo couldn't help but wonder how Brandon and Natalie had been living for the past six years. 
He also wondered what would've happened to Natalie if Vivian and the others hadn't gone to Netheria. 
Matteo stood at the entrance and watched tears fall from Natalie's eyes. At that instant, he really wanted to slap himself. What have I done? 
“Nat, I'm here to pick you up.” He entered the police station after calming down. 
However, when Natalie heard his voice, she was so frightened that she jumped into the policewoman's embrace. 
Matteo and the policewoman were speechless. 
“No! I don't want him! I don't want...” Natalie cried out loud. 
It made him feel even more at a loss. 
The police asked, “Wait a second. Who are you? Why is this child so afraid of you? Are you really her family?” 
“Yes, I'm her brother.” 
Natalie shouted, “No, he isn't! He's a bad guy! I don't want to see him!” 
She didn't hesitate at all to call him a bad guy. 
A vein bulged on Matteo's forehead when he heard that. “I dare you to say that again, Natalie Emmanuel.”
Natalie, who was making a scene a second ago, abruptly turned silent. She was so terrified that she stopped moving. 
When Matteo saw that, he pulled out his identification card and showed it to the police officers. 
A few minutes later, he brought her out of the station. 
When he lowered his head and saw that she refused to leave with him, he scooped her up and left the building with her in his embrace. 
Natalie was shocked. 
“Stop messing around. I'll take you to eat something nice.” Matteo didn't feel entirely comfortable either. 
After all, aside from hugging his sister, he had never hugged another living being. 
The dogs he hugged while training in the military were different. 
The girl widened her eyes in disbelief. She couldn't believe that the tiger-like Matteo was going to bring her somewhere to eat tasty food. Not only that, but he wasn't scolding her anymore. 
Her gaze was fixed on his face. 
###Chapter 1844
Chapter 1844
It was then Natalie also realized that Matteo had a pair of attractive eyes that looked like a crescent moon. 
“What are you staring at me for? I'm not going to eat you." Matteo had no idea why she was staring at him. 
He thought she was afraid of him again since she had been staring at him after he carried her. 
The moment he finished speaking, she immediately hid her head in his embrace as though she was a kitten that had done something wrong. 
Kids sure are hard to take care of. Matteo sighed. 
He brought her to a supermarket and let her pick what she wanted to eat. 
Natalie was finally smiling again as she sat inside the cart. Matteo pushed her around while getting the food and even toys that she wanted. 
“I want this! That one too! And that one! I want it! Buy it for me, Big Tiger..." She got so excited that she accidentally called him that. 
Matteo was speechless. I'm a big tiger? When do I look like one? I'm clearly a knight in shining armor, given how handsome and cheerful I am. 
Thereafter, he returned to the apartment with a bag full of snacks and toys in one hand while carrying a six-year- old girl on the other arm. 
"Oh goodness! You two are finally back!" When the others saw them after waiting inside the apartment for the entire night, they let out a sigh of relief. 
They were glad the child had finally been found.
The next day, in order to prevent any accidents from happening again, Matteo and Vivian brought Natalie back to Jadeborough to hand her to Sasha. 
As for the others... 
"I'm going back to the company," Ian uttered emotionlessly as he watered the flowers on the balcony. 
Kurt nodded. "I'll help you bring your things over there. Once it's done, we'll return to Jadeborough." 
It was a perfect excuse that innocent Vivian didn't find suspicious. 
After everyone's destination was set, the next was Susan and his brother. Whenever summer vacation arrived, both of them would take up part-time jobs. 
However, the situation was different that year. 
“I'm., also going to Hayes Corporation with Ian. I passed my internship interview," Susan announced. 
Vivian was happy when she heard that. "Really? It's great that you're going there! Let me tell you something, Aunt Susan. With your talents, you're going to have a good 
time working at a big company like that! Don't worry. Daddy will definitely give you special treatment!" 
She even mentioned her father, as she was certain he would treat his relatives nicely. 
However, in reality, would Sebastian really do that? 
Susan didn't think about it that much, nor was she looking forward to it happening. After all, she was already glad that she could make it into Hayes Corporation. 
She turned to the balcony.
To her surprise, the teenager watering plants on the balcony didn't seem happy to hear the news. He simply continued to water the plants emotionlessly. 
Her smile froze. 
Buzz... Buzz... 
Suddenly, her phone on the table rang. 
"Hello?" she answered the call. 
"Hello, is this Ms. Susan Jadeson? We're the police, and we're currently in the hospital. Do you have time to come over? Yasmin wants to meet you." 
She was taken aback when she realized it was the police calling her and that Yasmin wanted to meet her. 
Why does she want to see me? 
She quickly tidied things up, grabbed her bag, and went straight to the hospital. 
Truthfully, she only knew what was going on with Yasmin after Yasmin had been sent to the hospital and the matter had concluded. 
When she learned that the people who wanted to hurt her and her brother had been captured, she had to admit that a huge wave of relief washed over her. 
She could finally stop worrying about someone trying to kill her and her brother. 
However, none of that told her why Yasmin wanted to meet her.
She arrived at the hospital with suspicions. The moment she did, she saw a young woman sitting inside a ward illuminated brightly by sunlight. 
Yasmin still looked pretty even in her changed clothing. 
She was basking in the sunlight and staring out the window, allowing the golden rays of light to make her look even more charming. 
"You're here?" Her head didn't turn when she heard Susan walking in. 
Susan slowly approached Yasmin, put her bag down from her shoulder, and stared at the latter. 
"Look at how beautiful the sun is today. I suppose I should be grateful that I can see such dazzling sunlight before I go to prison." 
"You're still young. There are many more wonderful days waiting for you in the future," Susan comforted, not knowing what else to say. 
After all, it wasn’t a death sentence, nor was it lifetime imprisonment. 
Yasmin smiled. 
It was a genuine, liberating smile. 
"Yes, I suppose so. What about you? Have you thought about what to do?" 
"Me?" Susan was taken aback, not understanding what Yasmin meant. "What should I be doing?" 
"Aren't you going to be with Ian? Or do you plan to stay as her Aunt Susan?" Yasmin finally turned her head and gazed at Susan calmly. 
It was as though a bomb had exploded in Susan's mind. Is she crazy?
###Chapter 1845
Chapter 1845
"What are you saying? What do you mean by staying as her Aunt Susan?" Susan stared at Yasmin with rage and shock. 
She didn't understand why Yasmin had called her to the hospital just to force her to listen to a bunch of nonsense. 
Yasmin still appeared to be calm as she stared at Susan's infuriated expression. "You know that's not what I meant. Or are you going to tell me that you still don't know how Ian feels about you? Do you really think he still treats you as his aunt?" 
She went straight to the point, which bewildered Susan. 
Susan's eyes widened. Her mind was blank, and her gaze was fixed on the woman in front of her for a few seconds. 
"You're insane!" 
"Am I? You should know if that is true or not. I did think he simply saw you as his aunt at first, but I was wrong. The way he looked at you was different," Yasmin recounted. 
It was raining outside when she first saw the two of them in the cafeteria. Zaylynn had ordered a table full of food for Ian after she thought she had chased Yasmin away. 
However, Ian didn't care about that at all. 
It wasn't until Susan showed up that his eyes sparkled like the brightest stars in the cosmos. 
In any case, it was Yasmin's first time seeing someone as cold as him being so enthusiastic about meeting someone.
It was also then that she started to dislike Susan. 
"You're lying. Ian, h-he's just my nephew. We're relatives. That's why he's happy and will protect me when he sees me," Susan uttered as she suppressed the emotions in her heart while clenching her fists. 
Yasmin smiled and advised, "I'm just reminding you about it. You can accept it or leave it be. If you really don't want to have that kind of relationship with him, then I suggest you stop treating him nicely. The better you treat him, the more he falls in love with you. When that time comes, if his father really disapproves of his relationship with you, it'll probably be catastrophic for him emotionally." 
At that moment, she had really let everything go. She had asked Susan to visit her because she genuinely wanted to give that advice. 
Ever since she turned herself in and her brother died, she had learned a few more things about the situation from Kurt. 
He had told her that because of her brother's death, Ian had locked himself in his room for three days straight 
and almost didn't leave at all. It wasn't until Sebastian woke up and helped Ian that Ian slowly recovered. 
Susan finally fell silent. 
Her face turned completely pale in just a few seconds. It was as though her heart had finally been stabbed by something that was always there. 
She didn't want to admit it, but at that moment, she could feel nothing but cold sweat running down her body. 
"Times up, Yasmin," the police officer, who was standing outside waiting for her, said.
Yasmin stood up, brushed the hair on her forehead aside, and prepared to leave. 
"Why did you tell me all of this?" The voice coming from behind her stopped her in her tracks. 
"Because"-she glanced back-"you're not the only person who likes him. Right now, I'm going to pay for my sins by going to jail, but at the same time, I hope he can lead a happy life." 
It was a simple reason, yet it was one that didn't come to her until she had learned how to let go of everything. 
Susan watched her leave before sitting in her spot, basking in the golden sunlight next to the window. There she remained for a long time as she digested that astounding revelation. 
A week later, summer vacation finally arrived. 
Ian left the school building and, instead of returning to the apartment as usual, headed to the moped parking spot. 
He still didn't know how to ride it. 
Or perhaps it would be more precise to say he didn't want to ride it and only wanted to be a passenger. 
After he waited for a while, a pair of siblings approached him. Each of them was carrying a big pile of books. They looked as though they weren't coming back the next semester to study. 
"You're already out, Ian? How did you do on the exam?" Susan asked with a smile when she noticed him. 
It was pretty clear the books were weighing her down with how strained her smile was. 
They all had an exam before the holiday, and she had just finished hers.
Ian raised his eyebrow before silently and helpfully carrying the books in her arms. 
Timothy smiled. "Come on, Ian. Help your Uncle Timothy carry some books, too." 
Ian shot a piercing glare at Timothy, which effectively shut him up. 
Susan drove the moped while Ian sat behind. As for Timothy, he drove another one by himself. Right as they were about to set off, Zaylynn approached them. 
###Chapter 1846
Chapter 1846
"Where are you all going? Is it back to the apartment? I wanna go there too!" "What for? It's the holidays. Why do you want to join us instead of going home?" Timothy, being the dense guy he was, retorted. 
It made Zaylynn so angry that she wanted to cry. "It's none of your business! I wanna go back there with you guys! I ordered a barbecue. Since the holidays are starting soon, I want all of us to gather one last time before we split up." 
"Sure. You can sit behind Timothy," Susan suggested. 
And so the four of them headed back to the apartment. 
Upon arriving at the apartment, Susan still prepared a few dishes because she was worried Ian wouldn't enjoy barbecued food. She thought the food might be too heavy on the flavor department, so she prepared a couple of dishes that she knew he liked. 
Once everything was set up, everyone had a great time eating. 
"So now that the holidays are right on our doorstep, what plans do you guys have in mind?" The liveliest person in the group, Zaylynn, brought up the topic first. 
Timothy was eating grilled fish when he heard that. He answered, "I'm going to get a part-time job, of course. Not everyone is as rich as you, Zaylynn." 
"You-" 
"All right, Timothy. Why do you have to act like a child every time? Zaylynn's a girl. You have to treat her better," Susan advised in order to prevent another fight between them from occurring. 
Only then did Timothy stop.
Zaylynn asked, "Then where are you going to do your part-time job? If you don't mind, you can come and work at our family's hotel. My dad said he's recruiting people." 
"Really?" Timothy's eyes sparkled. 
The hotel operated by the Neal family was a famous local hotel. Otherwise, the Neal family wouldn't have been as influential as it was. 
Susan thought the idea sounded good too, so she turned to Zaylynn. "That sounds great. Timothy was going to work in an internet cafe for the summer. He probably needs to work at night, and the pay isn't that great. If your hotel has a position for him, that'll be great." 
"There is a position that suits him. He's good at computers, and our hotel security department needs someone who can deal with their computer system. My dad was planning to hire someone at a high price to deal with that." Zaylynn was quite happy that her seniors agreed to the idea. 
If they went to her place, then Ian... 
"Sure. It's decided, then. Timothy will go to your family’s hotel while I stick with my original plan." 
"Where are you going?" Zaylynn asked. 
Ian hadn't said anything so far, but his expression looked relaxed as he cut the steak on his plate. 
"I'm going to Yeringham," Susan said before quickly glancing in Ian's direction. 
Clank! 
His response was straightforward. 
He threw the knife in his hand on the table, his cold, handsome face covered in a layer of darkness.
Zaylynn and Timothy were both shocked. 
As for Susan, a chill ran down her spine as her fingertips turned cold. 
"Why?" Ian questioned. 
"Huh?" 
She fearfully gazed at Ian as he turned his line of sight toward her. His look was so scary that it was preventing her from speaking properly. "1-1 have a senior there asking me t-to join a company that focuses on charity. 1-1 
told her I would give it a try. I'm sorry, Ian, for not telling you sooner. I'm not going to Hayes Corporation." 
"Suit yourself!" That was all he could muster as disappointment filled his heart. 
Then he stood up, entered his room, and shut the door tight. 
For an entire minute, the dining room was dead silent. The remaining three's faces were deadly pale. 
What's going on with him? Why is he so angry? So what if she doesn't want to go? Do interns not have the freedom to choose? Zaylynn and Timothy were puzzled. 
After everyone left, Susan brought the plates and cutleries to the sink to wash them. She was using so much force that she snapped a plate in half. 
In an instant, the sharp edges of the plate cut her, causing blood to spill out. 
It's fine. I just need to endure this for now. She wiped her tears away and treated her cut before resuming her dishwashing. 
In the afternoon, she left the apartment and headed to Yeringham.
Before she left, she gave Sasha a call and mentioned that she wouldn't be working at Hayes Corporation. Then she asked the older woman to send someone to 
pick Ian up. 
Sasha found it odd. "Why does Susan not want to intern at Hayes Corporation anymore? And why did she decide to go to a place like Yeringham?" 
"Probably because of her resentment," Sebastian said when he heard that as he read his book. 
###Chapter 1847
Chapter 1847
Resentment sounds possible, yeah. Back then, she wanted nothing more than to work at Hayes Corporation. However, ever since Maurice and Yasmin were arrested, she started to change her mind. Doesn't that mean she's starting to become aware of her identity? What other reason could there possibly be for her decision? I hope she's okay and knows what she's doing. Sasha pursed her lip. 
Sebastian didn't really care about the matter. 
However, he didn't expect his eldest son, who was capable of handling a full-fledge project flawlessly as a student, to start treating his job carelessly after returning to the company during the holidays. 
"Mr. Ian didn't show up again, Mr. Hayes. I specially went to Frontier Bay to check up on him and found him still sleeping at eleven in the morning..." 
"That’s right, Mr. Hayes. He's the manager of the operational department and he has the responsibility of leading the team. This isn't a good performance at all. Sometimes, he even turns off his phone." 
"Also, he has been playing video games in the office all day..." 
Sebastian had been receiving all kinds of complaints about Ian in just ten days. 
It made him furious. 
"Is that brat itching to get his butt whooped? Did I send him there to play?" 
"All right, all right. I'll give him a call and check up on him." Sasha was concerned about what he would do to their son, so she decided to deal with the matter. 
Thus, in the evening, Ian received a video call from his mother when he was playing video games with his friends after waking up from his nap. 
"You're... playing games right now, Ian? Why aren't you at work?" she asked worryingly.
Ian finally turned off the computer and answered, "I don't want to go to work anymore, Mommy. It's boring. I want to go home." 
"Hmm?" Her heart instantly softened when she heard that. 
Her eldest son had always been an independent and obedient child. Ever since he was a kid, he had rarely asked for anything from her. 
It made her wonder if something had happened at his end. 
"I think I should go there and check up on him. His situation with Matteo and the others is different. It is quite a sudden for him to just jump into the workplace. Did you tell the company employees not to give him special treatment? I'm worried he's not adjusting well." 
She brought up the issue with Sebastian after hanging up the phone. 
Sebastian didn't disagree. However... 
"Can you leave Tillie? She's six months pregnant right now, and she's afflicted with a terminal illness. Her life depends on you. If you leave, what will you do if something happens to her?" 
Sasha furrowed her eyebrows and kept mum. Tillie's situation is pretty awful right now. I told her not to carry the child when she found out she was pregnant, but she insisted on doing it, saying that she wants to give that man a kid. Women can be foolish sometimes. 
In the end, Sasha stayed while Sebastian went to Avenport personally. 
When the news reached Ian, he was freaking out a little. He thought he would be getting a few cozy days when his mother arrived. However, it turned out that his father was the one visiting him. 
He had no other choice but to force himself to perk up.
The next day, Sebastian arrived at Hayes Corporation instead of going to Frontier Bay. He immediately called for a meeting and when he didn't see his son anywhere, he asked Luke to make a call. 
"Mr. Hayes has arrived, Mr. Ian. He said that if you don't arrive in fifteen minutes, you're not going home for the 
rest of your summer vacation." 
He's a lunatic! What kind of father is he? Ian swiftly got out of his bed and rushed to the company without washing himself up. 
"Daddy," he greeted upon meeting his father. 
"What are you doing? Who allowed you to act so permissively?" Sebastian was sitting in his office as he stared at his son. 
Ian was sporting disheveled hair, and there were two dark circles around his eyes. 
Sebastian was livid that his son looked like a delinquent in distress. How can the son I personally raised become like this in just ten short days? 
Seeing that he was about to get angry, Ian, who bore the same temperament as he did, rebelliously walked over to the nearby couch and slumped on the furniture. 
"Myself, Daddy. I don't want to work anymore. Please let me go." 
"What did you say? You don’t want to work anymore?" Sebastian was so angry that the veins on his forehead were throbbing. "Do you think this is a game, huh? Do you think you can just quit if you don't feel like it? You're already eighteen years old, Ian! You're an adult, so you need to act like one, and you can start by fulfilling your responsibilities!"
"What responsibility? I didn't choose to do this. You forced this job onto me. I never liked it, but now you're making me take responsibility? What is my responsibility?" 
"You!" Sebastian got so furious that he almost grabbed the ashtray on the table and threw it at his son. 
Thankfully, Luke was outside. When he saw both of them arguing, he quickly approached his boss and advised, "Calm down, Mr. Hayes. Mr. Ian is simply in his rebellious phase right now." 
"What did you say?" Sebastian was pulled out from his blinding rage when he heard that and was stunned. Rebellious phase? 
Luke continued, "That's right. It's only natural that your grown-up child has a rebellious phase. It means they're currently in a transition period of their life when they're starting to be aware of their independence and desperately want to escape their parents' custody." 
He even pulled out a Wikipedia page for his boss to read. 
If anyone else was there to see that, they would be laughing their shoes off. 
A CEO needing his assistant to tell him how to raise his son? How could it not be funny? 
Sebastian was still enraged, but he stopped shouting at his son. 
After he kicked Ian out of the room, he asked through gritted teeth, "He wants to escape my custody too?" 
Luke was sweating bullets. "That's... just a figure of speech." 
###Chapter 1848
Chapter 1848
Sebastian burned the midnight oil and went through a few books to get a better understanding of teenage rebellion as per his assistant's suggestion. 
He learned that several factors contributed to the cause. 
Some of them included parental pressure, arrogance, and heartbreak. 
Sasha felt amused yet annoyed when Sebastian concluded his findings to her through the phone in the middle of the night. 
"Mr. Hayes, which category do you think your son belongs to?" 
"One, we don't pressure him into anything. Two, he's arrogant, but not that arrogant with me around. So, by the process of elimination, he must be heartbroken." 
Cough! Cough! 
Sasha, who was drinking water, choked upon his words. 
Heartbroken... Another one of my children has fallen in love once again. But why did he have to get his heart broken? Is he that bad? Why was he dumped? Damn it! 
Sasha couldn't keep still anymore as she asked, "Have you figured everything out yet? Who is it? Why did she dump my Ian when he's so smart and handsome?" 
Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
So is this how men's brains are wired differently than women's? Unlike Sasha, Sebastian was having a fit when he found out about it. 
He got his heart broken? How could he enter a relationship when he can't handle himself yet?
However, Sebastian had completely forgotten that the young man by his daughter's side was younger than Ian by two years. 
Sebastian decided he would get to the bottom of things. 
That night, Susan, who was in Yeringham, couldn't help but send a message to the younger generation's family group chat when she heard of Ian's little fiasco. 
Susan: Hello there, how is everyone doing? It's so cold over here. 
She then proceeded to send a photo. 
Everyone else in the group popped up when they saw her message. 
Vivian: Wow, Aunt Susan. Where are you at the moment? 
Why is there snow in the summer? Is this real? 
Susan: Yeah, it's real. We're at high altitudes. I'm dressed in a down jacket today. 
Timothy: This is terrible! 
Susan was at a loss for words. 
Matteo: That's called being noble. She went there for charity work, not for herself. We should be proud of her. 
Vivian: That's right. Kurt went to Norham with Mr. Frost a few days ago. He told me the water level there has risen. 
Matteo: Why didn't I know about this?
Ian: What do you know? 
He finally appeared. 
Susan immediately mentioned him in the group chat without hesitation. 
Susan: @lan, how are you doing? I heard that you're not feeling well as of late. Your dad even went to the office, right? 
Vivian: That's right, Aunt Susan. Ian is being stubborn again. He doesn't want to go to work. 
Ian: Vivian! 
He practically yelled at her in the group chat in front of everyone. 
Vivian sent an emoji showing a face with a stuck-out tongue to show that she was joking and fell silent. 
Shortly after, the chat group quieted down. Vivian noticed that someone had sent her a private message. She clicked on it and saw that it was Susan. 
Susan: Vivi, what's wrong with your brother? Why is he in such a bad mood? 
Vivian: Yep, Aunt Susan. He's throwing a fit. He refuses to go to work and has been home all day. He finally relented when 
it drove Daddy nuts. 
Susan: What? 
The news took her by surprise.
At the same time, she felt worried about Ian. 
Why is he making such a huge fuss out of the blue? Is it because of work? Or... is he still mad at me? 
She paused at that thought and deleted the message she was about to send to Vivian as if she had done something wrong. 
Susan gave herself a tight slap. 
"Susan, what are you doing? Why are you trying to act all high and mighty when you're a wh*re?" she scolded herself. 
The text message was never sent out after that. 
However, she wasn't aware that a certain young man, who had been hiding behind the screen, had been checking his phone every so often that night ever since the group chat fell silent. 
But he was only met with disappointment. 
Halfway through, he couldn't take it anymore. Ian flung his phone onto the ground and submerged himself in his video games for the rest of the night. 
Sebastian came in to check on Ian the next morning. 
He nearly had a stroke when he saw Ian lying in a heap by his computer that he had yet to shut down. 
"Ian, you are crossing the line," he snapped. 
One hour later, Karl, who was in SteelFort, received a mission. He was to bring someone over from Frontier Bay to SteelFort and train him for two months. 
###Chapter 1849
Chapter 1849
Him? Who? Has Mr. Hayes found someone new again? 
Karl was feeling rather bored lately. Hence, he was very excited when he heard the news. He left on his motorcycle after instructing his subordinates on things to do while he was out. 
Little did he know... 
"Are you kidding me, Mr. Hayes? You want me to bring him over? I'd rather you just kill me!" 
Karl's face darkened. 
It felt frustrating because Ian had been a sick and weak boy since he was young. Moreover, he wasn't exactly likable. Karl was worried Ian would lose his life within two days if he brought him over. 
However, it seemed that Sebastian was determined to teach his son a good lesson. 
"Okay, then. I can shoot you right now." 
Karl was at a loss for words. 
In the end, he had no choice but to take Ian away with him. 
Meanwhile, Ian never uttered a word ever since he found out about it. He remained expressionless throughout as he climbed onto Karl's motorcycle. 
Very soon, he was whisked away by Karl. 
"Mr. Hayes, I've finally found out what happened. Ian and Yasmin were good friends back in school." 
Luke came over just as Sebastian was fuming with rage. He quickly reported everything he had found out the night before to Sebastian when he saw that he was in a bad mood.
Yasmin? 
Sebastian's face darkened as he stared at the photos in his hand. 
He had never seen that side of Ian before. That little b*stard. He even went to work in a cafe for the girl's sake. 
"How pathetic. Is it because he feels guilty?" 
He had hit the nail on the head. 
"It's possible. After all, she's Duncan's sister. Whatever the case, it's been a long time since I've seen Ian smiling so brightly," Luke said awkwardly. 
Luke stood his ground even though he knew Sebastian well enough that he would be displeased to hear those words. 
As expected, Sebastian's frown deepened. 
This girl became a killer at a very young age. There is no way I am going to let someone like her become my daughter-in- law. Ian can forget about getting together with her. 
Sebastian decided he would teach this son of his a good lesson. 
At the same time, he planned to find him a new school. 
"Transferring again? It's only been one semester and you want to transfer Ian to another school?" 
"Why not?" 
Sebastian frowned as he spoke through the phone.
"Just look at him right now. Returning to the University of Pollerton will only remind him of Yasmin. He won't be able to free himself from her if this continues." 
Sasha fell silent. 
He's actually making sense. 
Hence, she agreed in the end. That night, she gave Sebastian the green light to pick a new school for Ian. 
It wasn't until a week later that Susan found out about the news. Vivian was the one who told everyone about it in the group chat. 
Vivian: I have good news, everyone. Ian will be transferring over to my school. 
Timothy: Why? 
Vivian: I don't know. Daddy called the shots. Maybe because he thinks Ian should transfer over since he's been very naughty as of late. 
She explained in the group chat. 
Nobody else responded that day after that, including Susan, who had read the message. 
Ian's transferring to a new school? Why? Was his dad the one behind it? I'm sure it’s because he has found out something about Ian, not because he's a naughty boy. 
Chills ran down her spine as she couldn't think straight anymore. She even curled up on the bed out of fright.
It was as if she was afraid someone would come over at any moment and find out about her deepest, darkest secrets. 
She tossed and turned all night. 
It wasn't until the next day that the sound of someone knocking on the door woke her up. She stared out the window blearily. 
"Susan, are you up? Have you had your breakfast? We're heading out soon." 
It was the other college student who had volunteered to be part of the Villagers' Committee. 
Susan scrambled to her feet. 
Indeed, the place she was at this summer was vastly underdeveloped. The government had just set up the Villagers' Committee to help them walk out of poverty. 
Hence, Susan and her college mates were here to educate these people. 
Susan came down from the stairs after a while. 
"Nicky, are you chatting with your boyfriend again?" 
She couldn't help but tease when she saw Nicky giggling at her phone like an idiot. 
Nicky smiled, feeling embarrassed. 
"Yeah. He's asking me if I've had breakfast. Oh right, Susan, do you have a boyfriend?" she asked out of curiosity. 
Susan immediately shook her head. "No..." 
It was true. She was single.
She had many suitors in school, but she had never accepted anyone as her boyfriend. After all, she only planned to find one after making a name for herself, as she was an ambitious girl. 
###Chapter 1850
Chapter 1850
Susan kept her head down and ate her breakfast. 
Nicky, on the other hand, continued complaining to her boyfriend after seeing how Susan had stopped talking. 
"You claim that you miss me so much that you can't sleep, but you didn't drop by to see me. You've been playing video games at home all day, and you never bothered to come and visit me." 
"That's different. Be good now," the guy pacified. 
Susan felt uncomfortable hearing that because even an idiot could tell that he was actually pacifying Nicky as though the latter was a kid. 
Hence, she quickly finished her breakfast and left the place. 
She had planned on hurrying to work, but when she reached the entrance of the village, she saw a villager on an ox cart. The creaking noise sounded rather unpleasing to the ears. 
Susan was speechless. 
It only took one look for her to notice the guy sitting at the back of that ox cart. Her mind exploded and turned completely blank. 
Oh my gosh. 
"Ms. Jadeson, come quick. Do you know this punk? He said he came to look for you guys." 
When the driver of the ox cart saw her, he quickly waved at her. 
Susan swayed a little.
The sun was too bright and dazzling for her that day. She wasn't sure if she was especially sensitive to it because she didn't sleep well last night or if the sudden emergence of the guy in question had taken a toll on her heart. 
She felt as though her heart had instantly pumped all the blood into her brain, and she could tell that her vision was getting darker. 
Still, she staggered to the guy because she realized that he seemed to have remained motionless the entire time. 
"W-What's wrong with him?" 
"I have no idea. When I was on my way here, I saw him stumbling out of a bus. He couldn't stand straight, so I went to help him out a little. That was when he told me that he was looking for the university students who were volunteering in the village. I brought him here after hearing that," replied the driver. 
Susan, despite her daze, hurriedly crouched down to examine the guy. 
A quick examination showed her that the handsome guy's forehead was burning. She also noticed the countless bruises on his arms and legs. 
W-What on earth happened to him? 
It only took a second for immense anger and absolute heartbreak to spread out in her heart. She didn't even think about it as she helped him sit up on the cart. 
"Ian? Ian! Wake up." 
He did not respond.
Susan continued calling him several times, and only then did he open his eyes. 
Susan was delighted to see him up. She was going to interrogate him about what had happened to him when he suddenly relaxed and fell right into her arms. 
Before she knew it, he had already fainted. 
She was so angry that she was about to go insane. 
Who did this to him? 
Susan had never experienced anger like that before. 
The good news was that there was a small clinic in the village, so they could take him there. After a closer examination, the doctor shared his diagnosis, "He's fine. It's just some scratches and external injuries. Also, he has a fever that is caused by the inflammation of his tonsil. I suppose he is exhausted and has not rested in a while." 
"I see. Thank you, Doctor." 
Susan heaved a breath of relief after hearing what he said. 
Thank heavens he is fine. 
She stayed by his side and was there until his condition stabilized. As she didn't want anyone to worry, she took the initiative to contact someone from Oceanic Estate. 
Susan: Vivi, do you know what is up with your brother? He dropped by all of a sudden. 
Vivian: Huh?
She was rather surprised to hear that because just some time ago, she had overheard her parents arguing over the phone. She seemed to have heard her mother crying and complaining because her father had dealt with her brother the wrong way. 
Ah, so Ian ran away? 
Vivian: The thing is, Aunt Susan, my brother escaped. 
Susan: Huh? Escape? 
Vivian: Yeah. Ian made a scene at Frontier Bay and refused to back down even after Daddy showed up. That infuriated Daddy, so he had Mr. Frost take Ian to SteelFort for training. 
Susan was so angry that she was on the verge of losing her temper. Steelfort? What? Isn't that the place the Hayeses train their assassins? If I remember correctly, Kurt received his training there. 
It was especially hard for her to control her emotions when she turned around to look at the young man lying on the bed. The sight of those terrifying bruises didn't help either. 
Susan: What is wrong with your dad? Ian is not like Matteo and is physically weaker. How can your dad punish him like that? What if something bad happens? 
Vivian: He wasn't trying to punish Ian. It was for Ian's sake as well. 
Vivian was still rather protective of her father. 
Susan's frown smoothened a little after she read that reply. 
Susan: I know he means well, but he should have taken Ian's physical state into consideration. Just look at how bad things are now. Ian obviously couldn't handle that intense training, and that is why he is here now and has a fever.
Vivian: You're right, Aunt Susan. Daddy overdid it. Don't worry. I will talk to Daddy about this. Maybe it's best if Ian stays with you for the time being. Can you take care of him for a while? 
Susan: Uh... 
She didn't really know how to react to the sudden change. 
Still, she couldn't deny that when she saw that request and looked at the young man lying on the bed, she instantly felt happier than she had been in a while. 
The sorrow that had been following her around seemed to have faded as well. 
###Chapter 1851
Chapter 1851
Ian slept until that evening. 
When he woke up, all he saw was a beautiful mountain view with a shade of red draped over it. Confusion filled his mind. H-How did I end up here? 
"You're finally up. Doctor, please come." 
A middle-aged woman was sitting beside him and guarding him. 
That confused him even more. 
Truth was, he was already a little overwhelmed when he escaped because Karl's "teachings" had already dehydrated him by then. Karl was never harsh, but Ian was too stubborn. He refused to voice up or complain the entire time he underwent his training. 
That was why Karl assumed that Ian could take it and gradually made things more difficult. 
That night, Ian had fallen asleep as soon as he returned to his dorm. 
He had no idea what happened next. 
He didn't even remember how an insane thought kept running in his mind, telling him that he had to leave that torturous place. Before he knew it, he had already grabbed his phone and left the place. 
So... where am I now? 
Confused, Ian stared at a middle-aged woman with clothes so washed out that she looked like a beggar. 
"He's up? Okay, let me examine him." 
Soon, a middle-aged man with a pair of mud-tainted pants entered. He reached out as soon as he saw that Ian was up.
Ian reacted by instinctively moving away. 
"What are you doing?" 
Both the middle-aged man and woman were stunned. 
Why is this punk so aggressive? I wouldn't have bothered to take care of him if Ms. Jadeson hadn't asked. 
"You're sick, young man, and I am a doctor. I'm just going to examine your condition." 
"A doctor?" 
Ian, with his face pale, kept frowning as he scanned the man standing in front of him. 
The doctor didn’t know what to do about that. 
In the end, the middle-aged woman eased the tension when she thought of asking for help. 
"The sickness might've caused the kid to lose his mind, Doctor. I better ask Ms. Jadeson for help," suggested the middle-aged woman before she rushed to get Susan. 
Ms. Jadeson? 
Ian, who had been lying on the bed, finally stopped being so hostile. 
Indeed, a few minutes after the middle-aged woman left, they heard a series of footsteps approaching. Ian stayed in the room and saw a familiar face a moment later. 
"Ian, you're up! Are you okay?"
Susan was extremely happy to see him. She ran to his bed as soon as she entered the room and stood in front of him excitedly. 
Ian couldn't speak. 
Only then did he finally realize where he was and what he had done on the previous night. 
His incredibly handsome face tended to exude a stoic aura, but at that moment, that same face shone with embarrassment and awkwardness. It got so bad that he had to turn to the other side because he was worried that it'd show. 
"Ian?" 
Naturally, Susan had no idea what was going on in his mind. 
All she knew was that he refused to acknowledge her. He wouldn't even look at her, so she assumed that his being ill had prompted his childish side to act up again. 
"Okay, come on now. Don't be mad. Your Aunt Susan is here now, right? Be good and let the doctor examine you, okay? I'll treat you to something nice afterward." 
She was actually coaxing him as though he were a kid. 
Things would have been better if she had kept quiet because 
Ian's expression became worse immediately after he heard what she said. 
"Watch what you say, Susan. I am not a kid!" 
"Right, okay. You're an adult now," Susan said right away to calm him down.
About ten minutes later, the doctor finished examining Ian. 
"His fever is gone, but he should still take the pills. Also, he should refrain from eating anything cold or spicy. He needs to rest for the injuries to heal, so have him stay put for a few days. Don't let him exercise or do anything during this period." 
"Will do, Doctor^’ replied Susan right away. 
After that, she collected the medicine and returned to Ian's room to take him back. 
"Do you need me to help you?" 
"No." 
Ian stubbornly turned her down, but he soon regretted that. The second his feet touched the floor, his overly exhausted body ached all over, and he couldn't stop himself from moaning in pain. 
"Are you okay?" asked Susan. She was so surprised that she hurried back to help him. 
She knew all too well how big his ego was, so she didn't insist earlier. She trusted him and let him walk on his own when he said he was fine. 
Yet... 
As Susan held him, she said some comforting words in a sweet voice, "Don't underestimate your injuries. The doctor said that those injured muscles won't kill you, but it will be agonizing for you." 
Ian didn't reply. 
He remained quiet as she helped him move forward slowly.
The village offered a fantastic view at dusk. As the sun set, the bright blue sky slowly turned into a stunning orange, and droplets of warm light rained down on the green forest and clear river. It looked so good that it was as though it were a painting. 
The two of them walked on the path filled with green grass. The red sun elongated their shadows on the ground. 
"Ian, it's not right for you to come here without telling your dad. Talk to your parents the next time you feel the need to run away, okay?" 
Susan broke the silence and spoke up because she felt awkward. It was so bad that her palms were sweating. 
###Chapter 1852
Chapter 1852
Ian turned his head and looked at her right after she finished speaking. 
Susan saw a breathtaking glow in those beautiful brown eyes. 
Her heart skipped a beat as she stared into them. 
"You told them?" 
"Y-Yes..." answered Susan dazedly. 
Ian stopped talking and looked away. It was obvious he was upset about it. 
Susan dared not speak again. 
She waited for quite some time, but he never said anything. It seemed that his silence was doing a pretty good job of expressing his utter dissatisfaction because it was driving Susan insane. 
"D-Don't worry. They are not angry with you at all. In fact, they want you to rest well here. That is why I’ve planned everything for you. If you don't want to go home, you can stay here for a few days, and I'll hang out with you." 
Susan didn't actually mean to share all that information. It simply slipped out of her lips. 
When she finished speaking, Ian turned his gaze to her. 
He was extremely tall, and Susan could tiptoe, but the top of her head still wouldn't be able to reach his chin. Darn it. He's three years younger than me, so why is he taller than me? 
The height difference made it so that she had no choice but to lift her head to look into his emotionless eyes. As though granting her a gift, he half-heartedly nodded in agreement. 
"Okay..."
Susan was speechless once more. 
This spoiled brat! 
Ian ended up staying in that village after that. 
Sebastian, who was at Avenport at the time, burned with anger when he first heard what had happened, but Sasha convinced him to let him go. 
Sasha thought that her son had only done something that rebellious to go against his father. 
As for the reason he went to Susan... 
"Susan has always looked out for Ian even when they were at school. It's not like Ian can go to his siblings after he escaped SteelFort, and he definitely couldn't go to Kurt, who has gone to Xenhall. He didn't have many options, and that was why he went to Yeringham instead," Sasha analyzed. 
That reasoning was sound. As far as Sasha and Sebastian were concerned, that was the only possible reason Ian would go there. 
He never had many friends, and the incident with Duncan only made him keep his guard even higher. That was why he didn't really know anyone outside the family. 
Sebastian agreed with his wife's reasoning. 
Still, her words reminded him of a crucial issue he needed to solve. 
"Should we help him look for his significant other?"
"Wait, what?" Sasha was surprised to hear that. "Didn't you say that you wouldn't get involved with the kids' love life? Why are you trying to set Ian with someone up now? Are you going back on your words?" 
Sasha panicked a little. 
They were having a video call at the time, so Sebastian could see how worried she was. Hence, he waved at her and signaled for her to calm down. 
"I don't want to get involved, but Ian's situation is a little unique. You saw how things are for him and what the incident involving Yasmin has done to him. There is no saying what will happen if he meets another woman like that again." 
Sasha was instantly at a loss for words. 
He's right. My boy is not an ordinary man. He has always had a small circle of friends, and he always hides away in the figurative castle he built in his mind. Who knows what will happen the next time someone breaks down his defenses? 
"W-Who do you have in mind?" 
"We'll have the old man keep an eye out." 
Sebastian didn't have anyone in mind, so he entrusted that to Jonathan. The latter happened to be bored out of his mind, anyway. 
Besides, he was strict, so the woman he chose would surely be amazing. 
Sasha agreed.
The couple ended the call soon after. Sebastian was going to go back to work when someone suddenly sent him a text. 
Karl: Kurt called earlier, Mr. Hayes. He said he found something in Xenhall. 
Sebastian: What did he discover? 
It had been a while since Kurt had gone to Xenhall, and he had been sending reports regularly. As everything had been progressing smoothly, Karl had not bothered reporting anything to Sebastian. 
That day, however, something that was worth mentioning came up. 
Sebastian checked the photo Karl had sent and saw that it was a clay pot. There was a lot of mud on the pot, and it looked as though it had just been excavated. 
Sebastian: What is that? 
Karl: Inside is filled with broken bones, and it was buried by the entrance. 
Sebastian: So? 
Karl: Do you believe in geomancy? After Kurt found it, I looked into the place and learned that the place was actually filled with vital energy. 
Sebastian was lost for words. My gosh, I can't believe he's talking nonsense. 
Sebastian cut him short right away and demanded that he take things seriously. 
Geomancy? What on earth is that? The monk from Aquene Temple once said that I am destined to be a king, but I'm still the same old me, aren't I?
Karl: I'm serious, Mr. Hayes. I'm sharing this information to let you know that the clay pot is buried in a critical spot. 
Sebastian did not reply. 
Karl went on: I think someone deliberately buried this clay pot here. This may have probably been Eddie's future grave back then, yet they actually buried these bones here. 
###Chapter 1853
Chapter 1853
Karl: There's more to it as well. Given the size of the bones, it is likely these bones belonged to a kid. That would destroy whatever geomantic omen this place is meant to bring its owner. Legends say that the curse will be more potent if the person buried here is related to the child. 
Karl added that last sentence to warn Sebastian. 
Whether they were real or not, these were what some people would believe. 
Sebastian remained silent. 
It was true he didn't believe in any of it, but his subordinate made a valid point about being wary of the supposed intentions. It was something he had to deal with. 
In other words, someone who wishes eternal damnation for Eddie buried the clay pot there. Who could the culprit be? Also, if those bones likely belonged to a kid who is related to Eddie... 
Even someone as incredibly intelligent as Sebastian fell into deep thought. 
In the village in Yeringham, Ian felt much better when he woke up the next morning. Some of his energy was replenished, and his appetite had returned. 
Susan was up early as well. 
She knew that Ian was a picky eater, so she had woken up early to go to a farmhouse in the village to get some flour and egg. She had even picked some fresh vegetables from the field. 
That was why Ian detected the alluring scent of delicious breakfast when he walked down the stairs that day. 
"Ian, you're up. I bet you’re hungry. Take a seat. I'll be done in a minute," said Susan from the kitchen when she saw Ian.
However, Ian didn't leave. He had a white shirt on and was staring at the thing in front of him. He walked to it and looked down at it in confusion. 
What is this? 
He reached out. 
"Don't touch that, Ian. It's a water pump!" Susan shouted in surprise. 
Unfortunately, she was too late. All she heard was a loud splash. The mechanism that was pumping water from the spring began working as soon as Ian removed the cork. 
The water splashed right onto his face. 
Susan was stunned. 
When she came back to her senses, she rushed out of the kitchen, grabbed a dry towel from the floor above, and ran to Ian after that. 
"Here, dry yourself up. Ah, this is all my fault. I forgot to remind you that this water pump works in a way such that the water will shoot upward if you pull that cork." 
Susan felt terrible about it. 
She held the dry towel and quickly wiped the water off of 
Ian's face because she was worried that he would catch a cold. 
Fortunately, the water wasn't too strong. It only got Ian's face wet, so Ian was basically fine after Susan dried him up. 
Ian recomposed himself and said, "That is so stupid. There's a thing called pressure pump."
"Huh?" 
Susan didn't understand a word he just said. 
However, Ian refused to talk anymore. He grabbed the towel and walked up the stairs right away. Moments later, Susan heard him shouting from the floor above. "Hey you, get me some new clothes. I wanna change." 
Susan was dumbfounded. 
Hey you? How rude! Also, we're in a poor, secluded village. Where am I supposed to go to get him a new outfit? 
Despite those thoughts, Susan had no choice but to go to her coursemates and borrow some clothes. Fortunately, she knew some guys, so she managed to borrow a brand new outfit from one of them. 
After changing his clothes and reluctantly using the toothbrush that Susan got him, Ian was finally ready to have some breakfast. 
The pasta tastes pretty good. 
Ian was so spoiled that he felt compelled to wipe the chair clean before he sat down and gracefully have his breakfast. 
"Ms. Jadeson, we have to go harvest some pears today, and you'll have to tag along because we have to weigh and record everything." 
"Okay."
Susan was quick to agree to help when a member of the Villagers' Committee assigned her a task. 
That was how things were in a secluded village like that. The leaders they elected for the Villagers' Committee were all somewhat uncultured, so university volunteers were destined to fall for their tricks. 
The task of harvesting the pears, for an instant, somehow got assigned to the members of the Finance Department, and as their accountant, Susan had to tag along as well. 
She went to her office to pack some things, then returned to the kitchen to see that Ian had left in the few moments she was gone. Nothing but his plate remained. 
"Ian? Ian?" 
Susan panicked a little and hurried out the door to look for him. 
The second she left the house, she saw that young, dashing man standing on the field. His beautiful brows were knitted together when he stared at the old woman who was waving endlessly at him. 
"Hey, why are you still standing there? I asked you to help me carry this because I am too old to do it myself." 
Susan found the situation so funny that she almost laughed aloud. 
The old woman was on her way to spread the fertilizers in the field. 
She probably saw Ian through the open window and realized that he was having his breakfast, so she asked for his help. It was understandable since fertilizing truly was a tiring task. 
Unfortunately, Ian was a spoiled brat who grew up in a luxurious environment. There was no way he could understand what the old woman was saying. 
Susan came over and stood beside the dashing young man.
###Chapter 1854
Chapter 1854
'I'll help you. He doesn't know anything about this." 
"Oh, is that so? I see. No wonder he ignored me when I kept calling him. Okay, then. You can come and help me out," the elderly woman replied with a grin that revealed she did not have many teeth left. 
Susan bent down immediately and was about to take off her shoes to go onto the field when Ian took notice and finally turned toward her. 
"What are you doing?" 
Susan gestured toward the field and explained simply, "I’m helping her with the pollination. You don't know what that is, do you? They're pollinating the crops. This tall one is the stamen, and the shorter one is the pistil. The crops are in the flowering stage now, and they have to pollinate them by hand" 
Ian fell silent. 
Indeed, he had not seen that before. 
I've been to the countryside with Mom, Matt, and Vivi. In fact, I've been there several times. However, the climate and environment there were unlike where we are now. I really haven't heard of this. 
He gazed at Susan as she took off her shoes and socks, revealing her fair feet. Suddenly, the sight triggered something within him, and he recalled a scene of being in the fields with his parents when he was little... 
"Ian! What are you doing? You can't come down here!" 
Ian looked at her impassively as he kicked off his shoes and socks in seconds. "Why not? I used to go out to the fields with my parents when I was little. Who knows where you were or what you were doing then?"
He gave a contemptuous snort before stepping forward among the flowering crops. 
Susan was dumbstruck. 
All right, then. I was only worrying about where to get clean socks and shoes for him later. 
Hence, both of them started working in the field. During the time Susan had been there, she had done such work before and had become accustomed to it. However, it was a different story for Ian. Soon, he felt his arms start to ache and his face sting. 
The leaves of the seedlings were actually very sharp with serrated edges. Those unaccustomed to handling the seedlings would easily cut themselves on them and even find that their skin would itch. 
Susan watched as Ian's fair and handsome face quickly turned red as he scratched at it. 
"That's it, Ian. You can't stay in this field any longer. Let's hurry up and go back. Your skin isn't used to this. If you continue, you'll ruin your face." 
Tossing aside the bamboo pole, Susan hurried over to him and pulled him out of the field. 
It was not long before they were back in front of the faucet. 
But this time, Ian found the familiar coolness of the water that gushed forth when Susan removed the plug soothing and refreshing. 
Finally feeling better, he asked Susan, "Doesn't it make you itch?" 
She was in the middle of wringing a towel to wipe his arm. When she heard his question, she answered casually, "I'm already used to it. I was just like you in the beginning."
In the beginning? 
Ian's gaze fell upon her face, and it was then that he noticed her skin was indeed a little darker than it had been when she was in university. 
Her skin used to be fair and smooth, but now, he could see at a glance that her cheeks were red as if smeared with blusher. 
Is that really sunburn? 
Before he realized what he was doing, he had already stretched out his hand and pinched her cheek, which looked as pink and plump as a juicy peach. 
Susan stared at him wordlessly, and everything seemed to come to a standstill. 
They stood unmoving as if rooted to the spot, and the only sound was the gurgling of the water as it continued gushing out. 
Only their eyes moved as they stared at each other. 
"Ms. Jadeson! Ms. Jadeson!" 
Suddenly, someone from the Villagers' Committee's Finance Department came rushing down from the mountain, his yells shattering the peaceful stillness. 
The sound jolted Susan to her senses. 
"Huh... What is it?" 
She looked away hastily as if electrocuted, her bright red face betraying her panic and embarrassment.
Meanwhile, Ian was equally flustered. 
After withdrawing his hand mechanically, he grabbed the towel and hurriedly wiped his body with it. 
By the time the person from the Finance Department ran over, Ian had already gone upstairs to his room. 
After a while, Susan followed the man uphill to record the number of pears, leaving Ian alone upstairs. Even after a long time had passed, he could not calm down. 
What did I just do? Is she angry? Did I give her a shock? 
His frustration continued burgeoning, and he became so upset that he ended up ripping a book he had brought with him to shreds. 
Just then, Vivian sent a text message: What are you doing, Ian? 
Ian ignored the message. 
Vivian: How are things with your Aunt Susan? Are you having a lot of fun? You should send me some photos. 
Ian reckoned that Vivian was probably so bored at Oceanic Estate that she resorted to pestering him for photos. 
As a result, his already foul mood only worsened when he saw that text message. 
Ian: I didn't take any photos. 
Vivian: Why not? Is it no fun there? Then why did you run all the way there? If you don't feel like staying at SteelFort, you can come and find me. We can look for Kurt and have a blast together. 
Ian did not reply after that.
Her text had rendered him speechless. 
###Chapter 1855
Chapter 1855
After putting down his phone, Ian was about to wash his face when he heard another voice downstairs calling for Susan. 
"Hey, Small Fry," the man asked upon seeing Ian emerging from his room, "have you seen Ms. Jadeson?" 
"No" 
Looking as proud as ever, Ian's already foul mood worsened when he heard yet another request for Susan, prompting him to give a retort that was as cold and stiff as his stance. 
Why does everybody only want her help? What about the rest of us volunteers? We might as well go home! 
"Oh man, who's going to help me count for the sale of my wares if she's not here?" the middle-aged man wailed. *l'm selling all my lumber today, Small Fry! Say, are you as good as Ms. Jadeson? Why don't you come with me instead?" 
"Me?" Ian wondered if his ears deceived him. 
Before he could give a definite answer, the panic-stricken villager was already bounding up the stairs toward him. 
"Yes, yes, you will do just fine," the man said impatiently as he tugged on Ian's arm. "Hurry up and come with me please; the driver is about to leave. What if I get scammed without an accountant present?" 
Ian instinctively took a few steps back. 
As was the culture within the village, every important sale necessitated an educated opinion wherever possible.
Even the sale of timber required the careful calculation of its mass to ensure equity for both parties. 
In the end, Ian decided to consider it a favor to Susan by obliging the villager. 
Several minutes later, his snow-white shirt caught the crowd's attention almost as soon as he arrived at one of the drying fields of the village. 
Aside from his natural good looks, he had an aura of nobility emanating from his bones. Upon his arrival there, even his fellow volunteers stared at him blankly. 
"What are we evaluating today?" 
Pretending not to notice the stupefied glances, Ian turned to the villager who sought his help. 
The man, who was a farmer, immediately pointed to a pile of peeled fir trees on the ground. "All of that,” he said. "The buyer will come and measure it. After that, please record it in my ledger and exchange the necessary documents with him." 
That's it? 
Ian took the paper and pen. 
The buyer arrived soon after. 
With a single disdainful glance at the seemingly inexperienced teenager, he took out a measuring tape and conducted his usual routine while mumbling the dimensions under his breath. 
"Wait a minute. Is that all?" Ian stopped the pair of burly men stepping forward to carry the wood. 
The buyer glared at him. 
"Yeah. What else are you expecting?"
"What about the foliage?" Ian asked as he cast a glance at the sizable mass of branches while opting to ignore the man's impertinence. 
He noticed that the buyer measured only two-thirds of the actual length while conveniently leaving out the top of the tree. 
What is this wily fox up to? 
"Don't they teach you how to measure wood in university, young man?" 
"Enlighten me." 
"The leaves and branches are useless to us," the buyer retorted. "Why should we pay for it?" 
By that point, the villagers around Ian, especially the middle- aged farmer, were glancing at each other in dismay. After witnessing the newcomer's anger, he began to panic at the prospect of losing a reliable buyer. 
"Small Fry, let's just-" the farmer began. 
"Fine," Ian cut across to address the buyer, instantly crushing the latter's arrogance. "Then they'll saw off what you didn't pay for, and you can keep the part you do have a use for." 
The buyer and the villagers were struck dumb with astonishment. 
Such a demand to saw off the branches is unprecedented! Will the buyer still agree? 
Sure enough, the buyer did not take the threat kindly. 
"You are deliberately causing trouble, aren't you? Well, I don't want the wood anymore. You can sell it to someone else!" At that, he turned around and made to storm off to the villagers' horror.
Ian's voice rang out again impassively at that moment and interrupted the villagers' flattering pleas to the buyer. 
"I would think twice if I were you. If you leave this village today, I guarantee you will never be able to do business here again." 
"What did you say? Who are you to make this kind of 'guarantee?'" 
"Try me." 
Clad in his white shirt, the eighteen-year-old young man stood positively sparkling in the bright morning sun as he held a man twice his age in a vice grip with nothing more than several words and a refusal to lower his gaze. 
Although he did not lose his temper or raise his voice, that was a warning sign to those who knew Ian well. 
Fortunately, the buyer was wise enough to hesitate. After regaining his composure from his short burst of temper, he noticed how his young adversary carried himself. Not only did he fail to intimidate the boy, but the boy's presence had him at an unusual loss for words. 
Finally, he turned to address one of his subordinates without taking his eyes off Ian. "Who is he?" 
"They're volunteers from a famous university, boss. And expensive, too. Their families must be powerful people." 
The buyer gulped. 
Ten minutes later, the measurement was redone without so much as a twig left out of the equation. 
###Chapter 1856
Chapter 1856
The villagers were ecstatic. Once the wood was measured and paid for, the farmer dragged Ian to his house for some potato and leek soup. As it was a local and expensive delicacy, it would only be prepared to honor significant guests. 
Ian had already firmly made up his mind to decline even before the offer was made. 
At the farmer's approach, Ian shuddered in recollection of the incident with the Villagers' Committee and hastened his departure. 
"Hey, Small Fry, where are you going? My wife has prepared a feast to thank you for your help" 
Ian almost yelled in exasperation as the farmer's soil-crusted hand reached out with surprising vigor to grab his snow- white shirt. 
Fortunately, a slender figure in the distance quickened her pace in Ian's direction at the commotion of his struggle. 
"He has a delicate stomach, sir," the figure cried from afar. "But I'm sure he appreciates the offer" 
As she spoke, she forcefully pried the farmer's fingers away from Ian's shirt. 
Oh my, it's as black as soot! 
Susan quickly extracted a clean handkerchief and cleaned Ian's shirt as best as she could. 
The farmer must have gotten the hint as he no longer insisted on Ian's presence. 
"I'm sorry to hear that. Even if you won't have lunch, at least come for my wife's pineapple tarts." 
Pineapple tart? 
Susan, who was feeling rather hungry, swallowed when she heard that.
"That sounds delicious, Ian. There's no harm in paying him a visit, is there? This village is known for its exceptionally sweet pineapples. I heard this harvest has been their best one yet." 
Turning to face the young man behind her, her perspiration- laced face was full of hope. 
Ian raised his eyebrows. 
Although he had little interest in morsels, he gave in to her pleas. 
Susan was thrilled. Turning to nod excitedly at the farmer, she gratefully accepted. "We would love to come, sir. Thank you." 
"I am the one who should be grateful as Small Fry here has made us a lot of money. Come on, let's go!" 
The farmer led the way back to his home. 
They were in a primitive village. With houses made of mud bricks and worn tiles, the fragrance of fresh produce wafted from both sides up the quaint village road. 
The smell and sight seemed to lift Susan's spirits greatly. 
Having felt uneasy after running away in a panic earlier that day, she did not dare think about how Ian's impression of her would change after witnessing her erratic behavior. 
What would he think of me? Would he see me as disrespectful, or would he think I have an ulterior motive against him and cast me aside as a result? Oh, how I wish I knew what he was thinking. 
It was only when Ian had agreed to keep her company and showed no displeasure in doing so that the knot in her chest began to loosen. Unnoticed by her, a joyful feeling that put a spring in her step rose within her.
Soon, the scent of freshly baked tarts informed the pair that they had arrived at the farmer's house. 
"It smells amazing!" 
"That would be my wife's pastries," the farmer said proudly as he beckoned them in. "She got up especially early today for this. We are the first to bake with our harvest this year, you know. Here, try some." 
Susan went in with him with Ian following suit. 
Although slightly crampy, the house's interior felt refreshingly cool due to the adobe used in its construction. 
As it was not Ian's first time in a village, he could still adapt to the culture. 
Just when he thought village life suited him, a furry thing shot between his feet when he crossed the threshold. 
Thud! 
Ian stumbled backward and collided with the door. 
Startled by the noise, Susan hurried over with the pineapple tart in her hand completely forgotten. 
"What happened?" 
Ian was on the floor. His expression was contorted in a curious mixture of rage and humiliation as he stared at the cause of his alarm crawling toward him. 
Where did that thing come from?
"Are you afraid of dogs, Ian? Don't worry. This one's still a puppy! He probably wants to play more than he wants to bite you." 
Biting is the least of my concerns! Its sudden and disturbingly silent appearance is the problem here! 
After sufficiently recovering from the shock, Ian wore an ugly scowl. 
Before he could defend himself, the young woman squatting at his feet in concern just moments before picked up the puppy that looked several days old at most and deliberately brought it close to his face. 
"Woof! Look, puppy, you scared this nice young man. Apologize to him, you hear?" 
For some reason, Susan's monologue amused her greatly. 
Bent double with laughter with the puppy still in her arms, the farmer's family came hurrying out at the noise and giggled upon being regaled of the incident. 
Ian was so angry that his face had turned an ashen gray. 
Meanwhile, Kurt finally returned with the clay pot to Avenport. 
After a glance at it, Karl took him directly to Sebastian who was busy with work in his office. 
"I have informed Mr. Jadeson at the military supply warehouse, Mr. Hayes. He assures us that he will deal with it within the next two days." 
"Very well." Sebastian studied the clay pot on the coffee table. 
It was a curious artifact, indeed. Molded from clay of a most striking red, there was a circular motif painted on it. 
"It's looks like a charm of sorts," said Kurt.
The young man, who had been standing with respectful silence in the corner ever since he came in, suddenly interjected. 
###Chapter 1857
Chapter 1857
Sebastian's beady eyes fell on him at once. 
"What do you mean?" 
"We used to have something like this in Elysium," Kurt said stiffly. "After a person dies, those who hold a grudge against the deceased will bury the bones of his descendants at his grave as we believed it would shackle their souls to the netherworld forever" 
He was extremely reluctant to share that unsavory custom as he was painfully aware of how ignorant and backward they were. 
I might as well share everything I know by this point. 
Sebastian and Karl stared at Kurt after his startling proclamation. Their shocked expressions reflected his disgust. 
"You learn something new every day about the world, huh? I can't believe such customs still exist." 
"In that case, Mr. Hayes, this clay pot should have been buried by Eddie's enemies. Do you think the White family is behind this? Could it be Maurice White? Should we pay him a visit in prison?" 
Upon recollecting the existence of a likely suspect, Karl could not afford to rule him out. 
Maurice knew where the military supply storehouse was. Being a member of the White family, he has the strongest motive for such a devious act. 
Sebastian was on the same page as his Karl. 
However, the inconsistency of the timeline bothered him. Maurice would have only been a child when Eddie died as he was only three years older than Ian.
Ian and the rest were only eight at that time. Wouldn't that make Maurice eleven the year Eddie died? How could such a young child bury this pot? 
Aside from that, Eddie had not left behind any close relatives except for Colton who was already a husband and a father at that time. 
Nothing makes sense. 
"Mr. Hayes?" 
The voice snapped Sebastian out of his reverie. "Do you think Eddie has other descendants?" he asked abruptly. 
Karl was stunned upon hearing that. 
"That couldn't be, could it? You're telling me there are still people who— Wait a minute. Are you still suspecting Felicity?" 
Karl recognized the impossibility of his theory even before he completed his sentence. No woman in her right mind would be willing to bear the child of a disabled dwarf. 
Besides, it went against Eddie's distorted worldview to seek women. 
Sebastian frowned without outwardly refuting Karl's speculation. 
After mulling it over for several minutes from his desk, he finally decided for his men to interrogate Maurice. 
As Karl and Kurt were about to leave, Sebastian called Kurt back.
"Wait a minute, Kurt. I have something to tell you." 
Kurt paused in his tracks and spun around attentively. 
"You are to bring Ian back from Yeringham," Sebastian ordered unexpectedly. 
Kurt looked up and met the older man's eyes with surprise in his own. 
"Why? Isn't his little trip doing him good?" 
"Is it? How is running away from his problems doing him any good?" Sebastian snapped, his temper flaring up. "I'm tired of him running away the second he encounters an obstacle. What kind of man am I teaching him to be by condoning that behavior? If he doesn't correct this habit now, what would become of him when he gets older?" 
Kurt pursed his lips and spoke again after a long and careful consideration. "He's just not used to such a high-intensity job, that's all. You have to give him some time to accustom himself. I heard that he's doing fine in Yeringham now." 
"Is that so?" 
"Well, Vivi spoke to him. From the photos he sent her, she said that his village looked similar to the place you used to take them in the countryside when they were children. Maybe he misses that, Uncle Sebastian. If I may say so, you have been rather harsh with him." 
Giving the best attempt at eloquence in his life, Kurt delivered his speech without pausing to draw breath before waiting for the verdict to fall with deathly stillness. 
It's too tiring to keep lying like this!
Fortunately for him, Sebastian was often a little too concerned and confused than was wise when it came to his children. At Kurt's words, he found a sense of doubt creeping up in his heart for the first time that day. 
"Do you think so?" 
Kurt nodded firmly. 
Sebastian then sighed and dismissed the notion. 
I guess there's no harm in letting the kid relax a little longer. Besides, Susan has enough sense for both of them. 
That was the last time the subject of bringing Ian back by force was raised. 
As for the young man in question, Ian was visibly more relaxed after having a few days of getting acquainted with his new surroundings. Not only did he regain the color in his cheeks, but the frequent scowls on his face had also disappeared. 
"Would you like to come to the market, Ian?" came a voice outside his door. 
Excited to visit the morning market, Susan awoke early that morning and ran upstairs to extend an invitation to her companion. 
Her timing could not have been more perfect as Ian had just woken up at that moment. 
However, the sound of her voice did not fully rouse him from his grogginess. Slipping on a pair of slippers clumsily, he staggered toward the door. 
"What will we be doing there?" he mumbled.
"Just some shopping, that's all. Look at your room. You came here nearly empty-handed! So let's pick up a few things you might need. You don't have to say yes if you don't plan on staying for a long time." 
Susan stood timidly at the door, unsure if Ian was annoyed or not fully awake. 
Still standing behind his door, Ian scratched the back of his head with one hand as he regarded her with a bleary eye. 
###Chapter 1858
Chapter 1858
"Wait for me outside.' 
Bang! 
Without giving Susan time to respond, Ian slammed the door shut in her face and proceeded to get dressed. 
Delighted, Susan hurried downstairs to the kitchen to retrieve two eggs she had boiled earlier before waiting for him at their rendezvous point. 
Not long after, the sound of the door opening prompted her to look up, only to have a handsome young man clad in a white shirt meet her gaze. Looking like he had just stepped out of the pages of a comic book, Ian descended the stairs with grace and aplomb. 
"Are you all set? Let’s get going, or we won't be able to catch the minibus to the market." 
Urging him, Susan beamed as she handed him the two hot eggs still in her hands. 
Ian did not refuse. 
The pair soon arrived at the bus stop. Due to the market that day, many villagers already stood in line. 
I didn't think it would be such a long queue! Would he feel irritated? 
Familiar with his aversion to crowds, Susan began to worry. 
Fortunately, the villagers parted in the middle to allow the two university students to ascend the minibus when it arrived. They were still very impressed with how Ian made the farmer a third more than he would usually earn with the sale of timber. 
"Have your nephew sit over here, Ms. Jadeson. It's a prime seat on this bus."
"This seat is fine too, Ms. Jadeson." 
The villagers were simple, kind-hearted folk who wouldn't think twice about paying kindness shown to them forward. 
Susan and Ian finally decided on a very comfortable position by the window. Although the softness in the seats was wanting, Susan did not notice any discomfort in her companion along the journey. 
"Why don't you eat the eggs?" she asked after a while. "Aren't you hungry?" 
"I'll have them now.” 
Seated next to her without a word, Ian finally picked up an egg hesitantly as he feared the unsanitary implications of eating in public. 
Not to mention it also seems awfully impolite. 
Determined to make that day an exception for Susan's sake, he took the peeled egg handed by the young woman beside him. 
Just then, one particularly daring villager gathered enough courage to ask the question his fellows were dying to ask. "What's the age gap between you and your nephew, Ms. Jadeson? You seem to be the same age. Do you have many older siblings?" 
Upon their initial arrival, the villagers had assumed that the handsome pair of university-educated youngsters were a couple. 
Only later did they discover through the Villagers' Committee that they were aunt and nephew. 
"We-” Susan began.
"We're not related by blood.” 
Suddenly, a dry voice interrupted her by answering the question on her behalf. 
Immediately after the voice fell, the minibus rang with the laughter of the villagers. 
So they're not directly related. Could that mean that the rumor of them being a couple is true after all? 
Within seconds, the impression of the youngsters in the eyes of their fellow passengers changed. Although they were heavily ridiculed, the villagers' jest was never cruel. 
Susan's face, however, turned a deep scarlet. 
She stumbled out quickly as soon as the minibus rolled to a halt at the station outside the market, feeling on the verge of dying of utter embarrassment. 
Ian, on the other hand, remained completely indifferent. 
His aloofness did not last very long. As soon as he stepped out of the minibus, the massive crowd jostling each other in the cramped market and the rampant presence of live poultry wailing on both sides of the street rooted him in 
terror. 
"What's wrong? You don't like it here?" Susan became worried at how green his face became. 
Without deigning to respond, the young man pursed his lips before following cautiously in her wake. 
Susan was just about to suggest they leave quickly after buying what they needed when her phone suddenly rang.
Without even looking at the screen, she answered it at once. "Hello?" 
"Ms. Jadeson, what do you think you're doing frolicking around with Sebastian's son? Even if you don’t take the Limmers seriously, it's still no reason for you to do that." 
The angry voice fell upon her ears like a thunderclap out of the blue. 
With her phone glued to the side of her face, Susan's cheeks drained of color within several seconds. 
"I didn't-" 
"You didn't? Are you still trying to deny it despite photos of you in Yeringham are now all over the Internet? You can't do this, Ms. Jadeson. I've never forced you to do anything you didn't want to, have I? Besides, you'd once said that you wouldn't do anything for the Limmer family. I'd even obliged you for not wanting to bear the Limmer name. However, Sebastian is the enemy of our patriarch. How could you fraternize with his son?" 
The man's voice rose in pitch as he spoke. On more than one occasion, he was so angry that he spluttered in search of the right words. 
Susan’s face was as white as a sheet of paper. The only thing she could do was mutter, "That has nothing to do with me." 
"Is that so?" the man challenged. "I dare you to tell Sebastian that you wish to be his daughter-in-law then. Do you think he would agree to it?" 
He added menacingly, "Don't you forget that although the Limmer family is gone, the Heard family still remains. They will never let you or Sebastian off the hook if you do this. After all, you have conveniently given them a chance to ruin the Jadeson family!" 
Susan's eyes dimmed in despair at the man's vicious words.
###Chapter 1859
Chapter 1859
Crack! 
The phone fell from Susan's hands and broke into pieces. 
Ian had already gotten used to the surroundings. He spotted a suitable pair of slippers at a stall nearby and was about to summon her when he saw her phone dropping to the ground. 
"What's wrong?" he asked in confusion as he bent down to pick her phone up. 
To his surprise, the young woman, who had been in a cheery mood just a moment ago, was now as pale as a ghost. She stared at him intently without a word. 
Ian was at a loss when he saw that. 
In a state of panic, he reached out and took her hand without hesitation. 
As expected, her hand's also freezing. 
"Susan, you—" 
"Ian, why don't I send you home today? We're at the county, anyway," Susan suggested suddenly. She retracted her hand from his grasp and gazed at the bus station not far away. 
The veins on Ian's forehead throbbed. 
"Why?" he demanded. 
His response was curt, and he didn't bother hiding his fury. His tone sounded haughty, as usual. 
Hearing that, Susan blanched. 
She lowered her head and pretended to look at the broken pieces of her phone. She did her best to tamp down her tears so he wouldn't realize her true feelings. 
"Nothing. I was thinking that I'd better get you home before your parents start to worry. You've been here for days, and you must have a ton of work waiting for you to handle by now. Besides, Vivi told me yesterday that your dad's planning to send Kurt here to bring you back home." She immediately made up an excuse. 
She wasn't lying, though, for Vivian indeed contacted her yesterday to tell her that. 
Contrary to her expectations, Ian let out a disdainful snort and spun on his heels to leave after hearing her words. 
"Ian, where are you going? Don't run off. The bus station is that way," she yelled. 
"Susan, listen carefully. I’m an adult now, so I'm free to go anywhere I like. No one can limit my freedom!" he snapped. 
Susan parted her lips. "But-" 
"Shut up!" he roared. 
With that said, he strode away, leaving her behind. He ignored her and disappeared into the market ahead. 
Susan stood rooted in her spot behind. She was so distraught that she could barely breathe. 
I never meant to react this way. But I've really crossed the line this time. It was all my wishful thinking. 
Susan went to the bus station alone and bought the ticket. She then sent a text. 
Susan: Sebastian, Ian is doing fine here. I bought him a bus ticket and will send him back home today.
Her tone was respectful and formal. It was as though she had returned to her rightful position from this moment onward. 
She was a member of the Jadeson family, and Ian was her nephew. 
Sebastian's reply arrived shortly after. 
Sebastian: Got it. I'll get someone to pick him up at Yeringham Station. 
After reading the text, Susan felt drained of energy, and her shoulders slumped in dejection. 
Ian finally found her twenty minutes later. He was laden with grocery bags and even had a fluffy puppy with him. He was planning on keeping it as a pet. 
When he showed up, he saw Susan sitting in the waiting room. She was obviously waiting for him to return. 
"Ian, I bought a bus ticket for you. It will depart in ten minutes. Your dad has sent someone to pick you up at Yeringham Station. Hurry, you should leave now,” she said. 
Her lips were curved into a pleasant smile as usual. 
Ian's expression turned cold gradually. Crash! He dropped everything he bought to the ground, including the dog, before 
turning to leave. 
"Where are you going? Ian, come back!" Flustered, Susan ran after him.
Alas, Ian was too quick. As he had the upper hand over her with his height and long legs, Susan could barely catch up with him. 
Left with no choice, Susan had to run with all her might. 
Fortunately, the crowd dwindled after they left the market. She could still spot him from a distance behind. 
Noticing that he was heading in the direction of the village, Susan finally broke down out of exhaustion. She screamed, "Ian Hayes, can you stop acting like a child? You'll have to face reality soon enough. It's useless to run away! In the end, you'll still have to go home!" 
She was close to tears by the time she finished her sentence. 
Finally, Ian halted in his tracks. Perhaps he had heard how shaky her voice sounded. 
Running away? No, I've never run away from anything. The reason why I came here was to face everything. 
Turning around, Ian went back to her. He came to a stop before her and realized she had broken down completely. 
"Who called you earlier?" he asked suddenly. 
"Huh?" Susan was in the midst of wiping her tears away when she heard his question. 
She lifted her head and stared at him blankly. 
"Whose call was that? What did the person say to you?" Ian demanded sharply. An icy aura enveloped him, and he looked terrifying. 
Susan froze.
###Chapter 1860
Chapter 1860
Why is he so sure that someone has called me earlier? 
Susan's mind went blank for a few seconds. 
Ian took the opportunity to get her phone to check her call and text history himself. 
Susan blanched. "No!" 
She wanted to get her phone back. 
Alas, she was no match for the tall and strong Ian. He managed to unlock her phone easily and click into her history. 
Susan: I hate this. He keeps badgering me nonstop, and I'm afraid I might suffocate one day. 
Poppy: Then what are you going to do? If you can't stand it anymore, make a decision as soon as possible. Some people can be really shameless, so you'll have to be straightforward for him to stop. 
Susan: Yeah, I got it. 
Despite not knowing what her reaction was when she typed out the last message, he could feel her hatred and indifference. 
Ian stiffened. 
He stared at the chat history blankly as though a bucket of cold water had been dumped over his head, freezing him from head to toe. 
Badger her? Shameless? 
Slowly, he turned at his shoulder and pinned her with a withering look. One look from him was enough to send shivers down Susan's spine.
She parted her lips but no words came out. 
She wanted to explain that she wasn't complaining about him. Back in the bus station, she was utterly frustrated and started chatting with her best friend, Poppy Slate, about the person who kept her on a tight leash. 
Fury and hatred had overwhelmed her entire being then. 
"Am I badgering you?" Ian asked. 
"Yes," came her soft reply. 
"Am I annoying you? And suffocating you?" 
After a pause, she answered, "Yes." 
Susan balled her fists so hard that her nails dug into her skin, drawing blood. Her palm was soon sticky with blood, but she didn't even realize that. 
Yes, I'll just admit to everything. 
Slowly, she lowered her head. The sparkle and hope in her eyes disappeared without a trace, and she could hear nothing but a word. 
"Yes." 
No matter what he said, she would reply numbly, "Yes." 
Ian had left. 
He didn't even say a word or react violently. All he did was walk past her and head to the bus station.
Susan was dumbstruck. 
Right that moment, she whipped around to stare at his back. His departure was like an iron shard stabbing straight into her heart, and the pain turned her inside out. She could barely stand on her feet. 
I'm sorry, Ian. 
She trudged back home slowly, looking like a lost soul. 
That afternoon, she received a text telling her that Ian had arrived safely and that she didn't have to worry about him anymore. 
After reading the text, she left her phone aside. That day, she sat in her spot for the entire afternoon until night fell. 
In reality, she had never had a boyfriend. 
Susan was a brilliant student, and there were many boys who had a crush on her on campus. 
However, she had never fallen in love with anyone else. She wanted to focus on her studies and develop her career before finding a partner for life. 
When did I start to care for him? I went against the social norms and fell in love with him. 
She reckoned it was because they had grown up together. He used to be an introvert. The Jadeson family was a big family, and there were plenty of kids of his age. 
However, he was only close to his siblings and her. 
Later, she became accustomed to his presence, while he got used to her concerns for him.
What happened next was how her identity had undergone a change, so it was normal for their relationship to change swiftly as they grew closer to each other. Yasmin was right. I was head over heels in love with him without realizing it. 
Just like that, Susan didn't move an inch the entire night. 
The next day, a member of the Villagers' Committee came up to her as they were worried something had happened to her. 
"Susan, I heard that you fought with your nephew at the market yesterday. Is that right?" 
"No," Susan refuted stiffly. 
The committee member immediately added, "But the villagers saw your nephew flying into a fit of rage at the bus station. Not only did he destroy the bus station, but he also smashed someone's car windshield." 
Susan gasped in disbelief upon hearing that. 
Overwhelmed with shock, she spun on her heels and dashed out of the house. 
Oh, dear. Why didn't I think of that? I only focused on being harsh on him and didn't stop to think whether he could bear it. The only reason why I’d been so careful and protective of him was that I didn't want to hurt his feelings! 
Susan ran out and got a villager to give her a ride to the market on his motorcycle. 
When she arrived at the market, she dashed all the way to the bus station and saw some people repairing the chairs and windows inside. There were also some window shards outside in the parking lot. 
"Sir, what did you do to the young man who kicked up a fuss here? Where is he?" she asked as her voice choked up.
At the sight of a puddle of dried-up blood on the ground, she couldn't stop the fear from clawing up her throat. 
###Chapter 1861
Chapter 1861
"What did we do to him? What else? We sent him to the police station, of course. How dare he destroy the entire place and cause trouble for us, huh? He will pay the price for his rash actions!" the man huffed angrily. 
The other staff in the bus station nodded furiously as well. 
Susan was stunned. 
It took her a few seconds before she regained her senses. 
The police station? How could that be? Didn't I receive a text saying he has arrived safely? Why is he in the police station? 
She shook her head, trying to make sense of the situation. No, that text must be fake. If someone had picked him up from the station, his dad would've sent me a text personally. I received the text from an unknown number. I didn't receive any text from Sebastian yesterday. 
Comprehension dawned, and her mind went blank. Without hesitation, she ran onto a bus. 
"Quick, take me to town!" she said. 
"Miss, the bus runs according to the schedule. It's not your personal ride. You can't just ask us to leave as you like," the ticket seller reminded her. 
Bursting into tears, Susan pleaded, "How much do I need to pay you? I'll pay for the ride. Please, ma'am. I really need to go to town. Someone's life is at stake. Please leave right now. I'll pay you any amount you want!" 
She emptied her pockets and offered all the money she had to the ticket seller. 
The ticket seller was dumbfounded.
In the end, the bus roared to life and drove all the way to town. 
On the way there, Susan sent a text to Vivian. 
Susan: Vivi, did Ian tell you anything? 
Vivian: No. He didn't even contact me. 
Susan: Did your dad tell you that he's going back? 
Vivian: No. Oh, I think I heard Daddy calling Mommy yesterday. He said Ian's coming home soon, but Mommy told me later that he isn't coming back. 
Susan: What? 
Vivian: Yeah. Don't you know? Mommy didn't even seem disappointed. Aunt Susan, is Ian enjoying his time with you? So much so that he had no intention of coming home? 
Vivian was still as tactless as usual. She had no idea what had happened. 
After reading her replies, Susan pocketed her phone. Her heart was aching, for she knew it was all her fault. He's stubborn. I should've realized something was off yesterday when he took off. The calmer he looked, the worse he was doing. There was no way he'd go home obediently. 
Susan arrived in town in record time and went straight to the police station. 
"Officer, I need to find out if you've brought a young man 
from Xendale here after he caused trouble at the bus station."
"Yes, the young man is here. Who are you?" The police officer at the police station replied in the affirmative as expected. 
Susan's body shook slightly. She grabbed the edge of the table to steady herself before pleading, ‘Tm his aunt. Can I talk to him?" Her voice was trembling. 
"You're his aunt?" the police officer repeated doubtfully. 
After confirming her identity, Susan was allowed entry. More than ten minutes had passed since she entered the police station. 
"He's eighteen. The law states that those who commit the act of vandalism will be detained for fifteen days. Tell him to be honest so we might reduce his sentence." 
"Yes, of course," Susan responded hastily before rushing away. 
Inside the cramped and dark holding cell, she saw a young man wearing a white shirt sitting on a chair. 
He was staring at the ceiling blankly. The sight of the wounds on his handsome face caused her heart to constrict in anguish. 
'Tm so sorry, Ian" 
She stood outside the holding cell and broke down after saying that. 
This is all my fault. Ian was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. He was adored by his family and never had to suffer. What have I done to him? 
She blamed herself for being the reason he got arrested by the police. He's an innocent young man but ended up in this state because of me.
Susan wailed her heart out. "Ian, I'll bring you home right now." 
With that said, she left to talk to the police. 
When the police entered the holding cell, he asked, "Is she your aunt?" 
"I don't know her," the young man answered indifferently. 
Susan was rendered speechless. 
Her face pale, she stared at him incredulously. Even her tears had dried up. 
There was nothing more despairing than his hurtful words. 
He used to rely on her so much and would listen to her obediently. Alas, he was claiming that he had no idea who she was right now. 
Susan couldn't help but quiver slightly as realization struck her. 
###Chapter 1862
Chapter 1862
In the end, Susan managed to get Ian out. She used her identity as a Jadeson to get the police to release him. 
When they both walked out of the police station, it was drizzling outside. Susan borrowed an umbrella from the police station so they wouldn't get drenched. 
When she came near him, however, he strode into the rain without hesitation. 
"Ian Hayes, stop right there!" she yelled. 
The sight of his back reminded her of the scene yesterday when he walked away from her. Finally, she plucked up her courage to stop him from leaving. 
She was afraid the past would repeat itself. 
Fortunately, she managed to get him to stop in his tracks this time around. 
Susan's eyes turned red instantly. She held the umbrella and ran toward him. 
"Ian, I know I went overboard yesterday, but I didn't have a choice. You asked who called me yesterday, right? I'll tell you who it was. It was Mr. Glen, a neighbor of Timothy and me. 
He has been our neighbor since we were kids," she explained hastily. 
Finally, Ian lowered his gaze to spare her a look. 
"He treated us well, so we never suspected him of anything. When my dad died, he told us his real identity. Many years ago, that man sent him to protect us. I was both shocked and disgusted, but there was nothing I could do about it.
Luckily, he didn't force us to do anything against our wishes. He kept an eye on us and protected us within his means. Back when Yasmin tried to harm me, it was Mr. Glen who helped me retaliate. That was why I accepted his presence silently." 
She paused to take a deep breath before adding, "However, I forgot that he worked for that man. Yesterday, he called me out of nowhere to inform me to stay away from you. If I insist on staying with you, you and your father will be mocked by everyone. The Jadeson family will also become the laughingstock of the country. What else can I do? I can't let you get hurt nor can I stand idly by and watch as your dad's reputation is torn into shreds. Other than pushing you away, what else can I do?" 
Her last question was soft as though she had exerted all her energy and strength. 
That's right. What else can I do? 
My hands are tied. 
Susan had always been a brave and decisive young lady. 
Now that she had reached a dead end, instead of making up excuses to lie to him and risk bringing harm to both sides, she chose to reveal the truth boldly. 
It was an admirable decision. 
Ian was understandably shocked. 
He had no idea that this was the truth. 
My father's reputation, destroyed?
That had never crossed his mind. He didn't even stop to consider what others would think about their relationship. After all, it was his own business. Others had no right to interfere in his affairs. 
Falling silent, Ian stared into the far distance. His face was ashen beneath the umbrella. 
"Let’s go back. We'll talk more back at home," Susan mumbled, her gaze downcast. 
She said nothing else. All she wanted to do was to head back with him after she spotted his injuries. 
However, Ian didn't move at all. 
He stood there for a long while as though he was a statue. Finally, he parted his lips and rasped, "I'll figure something out." 
"Huh?" 
"Wait for me, and don't listen to that man. I'll be back after dealing with the matter." 
After saying that, he strode away. Despite the drizzle, he walked ahead without any hesitation. It didn't take long for him to be completely drenched. 
Shortly after, his figure disappeared from sight. 
Susan froze. 
A long while later, she felt her heart bursting into a million pieces. 
At once, she squatted down and bawled her eyes out. 
No one knew what she was going through right then. She had always thought she would have to face everything alone after her father's death.
That day, she realized there was someone who was willing to protect her no matter what. 
Ian... 
Back in Avenport, Sebastian was hearing the story of the clay pot when he heard about Ian's return. 
"I asked Maurice, and he told me his grandfather gave him the map." 
"Grandfather?" Sebastian asked. 
"Yes, I found his grandfather who told me that it was Maurice's father who delivered the map to him suddenly. Maurice's father got the map after visiting someone in prison," Karl reported. 
This was a complicated story. 
To make it short, when Alfred was locked up, his brother went to visit him, and he gave the map to his brother in secret. That would mean that the map originally belonged to Alfred. 
I can't believe the map is his! 
Suddenly, Sebastian recalled how Alfred reminded him to be careful of those behind his back when he paid the man a visit back then. 
It seemed that Alfred found out about Eddie's military supply storehouse. Knowing that he had been used, he leaked the information to Sebastian deliberately. 
Alas, Sebastian was too busy to pay attention to the matter. 
"What about the clay pot? Is it related to him?" 
"Maurice's grandfather said Alfred didn't relay any message regarding the clay pot. However, he did mention that Alfred s brother complained about Alfred marrying a loose woman instead of the daughter
of the Durant family," Karl added. 
Loose woman? Does that mean Alfred's family knew about Elizabeth's actions all the while? Interesting. 
###Chapter 1863
Chapter 1863
Sebastian returned to Frontier Bay and saw Ian sitting in the living room. 
He thought Ian would be doing well in just half a month's time after his escapejudging from what the other children had secretly informed him. 
However, Ian now looked nothing like what he had expected. 
"What happened to you? How did you end up like this? Did you get into a fight?" Sebastian asked bewilderedly. 
He stood before Ian and saw that not only were his clothes dirty, but there were also various bruises on his face. 
Sebastian grew furious. He had always thought Ian was the most obedient of his three children because he had raised Ian himself. 
Ian had always followed the rules and behaved wisely since he was little. He would never get into a fight. 
Therefore, Sebastian wondered what had happened to Ian. 
"Yesterday, your Aunt Susan sent me a message saying you are coming home. But you sent me another message later saying that you won't be returning. What is going on?" 
Ian sat silently on the couch for a few minutes before turning to Sebastian and said, "Daddy, why did you keep Eddie's descendants as a part of the Jadeson family? Aren't you worried that the people will criticize you if the matter is exposed?" 
"What do you mean?" Sebastian narrowed his eyes. 
Why is Ian suddenly asking such a strange question? Did something happen to him? Did the remnants of Eddie’s followers find him and speak to him?
Sebastian was an intelligent man. He went through every possibility in his head within a few seconds. 
"Why should I be worried? Your Aunt Susan and her brother have nothing to do with Eddie other than being his blood relations. They were never involved in any matters related to him." 
"Then... does that mean you won't take it to heart if someone threatens you with this matter?" 
Sebastian's words were like a cardiac stimulant, reviving Ian's depressed heart. 
Sebastian continued to observe Ian. 
He had raised Ian, so he could see that something was wrong with him. 
He did not answer Ian's question but called Wendy, the housemaid, to prepare a bath for Ian and get him to rest before calling Karl over. 
"I want you to investigate what happened to Ian in Yeringham yesterday." 
"Mr. Hayes, do you mean..." Karl instantly sensed that something was wrong upon hearing Sebastian's instruction. 
"He's been asking me about Susan and Eddie's relationship since he came back. I want you to investigate what Susan is hiding. When I was at the university, I found it strange that a girl like her could keep escaping from being in danger from Eddie's men." 
Sebastian's expression turned solemn, and his tone suddenly grew cold as he spoke. 
Karl understood what Sebastian meant and immediately began an investigation.
By evening that day, Sebastian received a message from Karl when he was having dinner with Ian in the dining room. 
Kart: Mr. Hayes, I have finished investigating. Someone saw Mr. Ian and Susan arguing at a market in Xendale. Mr. Ian was angry, and Susan kept crying. He walked away after that. 
Sebastian: Where did he go? 
Karl: He didn't go far but went to a bus station and wrecked it. The police arrested him and brought him to the police station. 
Karl had to gather his courage to break this shocking news to Sebastian. 
He found it hard to believe that Ian had been arrested and brought to the police station. As far as he could remember, Ian was the most obedient of Sebastian's three children. Yet, Ian managed to get himself into serious trouble. 
It was more severe than what Matteo had done. 
Sebastian did not reply to Karl's message but glanced at Ian, who was sitting opposite him. 
Ian noticed Sebastian's gaze and did not know what to say. 
He felt the surrounding air suddenly turn chilly and began to eat slowly. 
Thankfully, the oppressing aura from Sebastian did not persist. Soon, Sebastian's phone vibrated again. His expression calmed down tremendously as he saw the message. 
Karl: I have found out what happened. It was a person called Kilian Glen who called Susan. I don't know what they talked about, but I discovered that he's Susan's neighbor.
Sebastian: Her neighbor? 
Karl: Yes. I have also finished investigating your suspicion about what happened to Susan at the university. She had spoken to Kilian on the phone a few times then. 
It was no wonder that Karl was the leader of SteelFort. He could find all this information within a short time. 
Sebastian suddenly had on a cold look again. 
He could be tolerant and magnanimous to others. 
However, he could not tolerate anyone who messed around right under his nose. He had told Susan that she was free to choose her path, but he would not hesitate to retaliate if she chose the wrong path. 
"Daddy, I... I have something to tell you," Ian piped up. 
Sebastian looked at him in astonishment. "What's the matter?" 
"I... fought with Susan yesterday. She suddenly received a call and chased me away. It was around the time she sent you the message." 
###Chapter 1864
Chapter 1864
"Later, I questioned her and discovered that a man called Mr. Glen had been contacting her since her father passed away. He kept reminding her that she was a Limmer. He also called her when I was in Yeringham and said he noticed that I was always staying with her. Susan was worried about my safety and so she chased me away." Ian finally told Sebastian what had happened. 
Of course, he hid some things from Sebastian, such as his true reason for staying in Yeringham. 
Sebastian did not reply but kept staring at Ian with a strange expression. 
He chose to be frank now. Does this mean he found out that I am investigating him? This little imp still has some wit left in him. 
"I understand and will investigate this matter. Is this why you came home looking depressed? You were worried about your Aunt Susan?" 
Ian panicked slightly and quickly looked away. He looked down at his plate and picked up some spaghetti with his fork. 
Luckily for Ian, although Sebastian was observant, he did not suspect that Ian was hiding a big secret from him. 
Looking at Ian, who was silent and whose head was hung low, he simply assumed that Ian was worried about Susan. 
He thought it was the concern of a nephew for his aunt. 
Thus, Sebastian instructed his men to carry out an investigation. 
After dinner, Ian returned to his bedroom and shut the door. He could not calm down for a long time as he sat at his desk, looking at a page on his phone screen.
An hour later, he finally saw activities on that page. 
Karl: Mr. Hayes, I have found Kilian, but he denied that he is Eddie’s follower. 
Sebastian: What does he mean? 
Karl: He said Elizabeth sent him to watch Colton. He also revealed that Elizabeth had abducted Susan and her brother when they were born. 
These words popped up on the page. 
Ian stared at them unwaveringly and even forgot to breathe for a moment. 
It was as Ian had expected. Shortly after Karl sent the message to Sebastian, a furious emoji came from Sebastian's phone. 
Sebastian: What is the meaning of this? What do you mean by abduction? 
Karl: The doctor carried the babies away soon after birth to administer the vaccination. However, the babies never returned. 
After Karl explained that, the rest were easy to guess. It meant that Susan and her brother were not Colton's children. Elizabeth had likely switched them a long time ago. 
Sebastian was furious, and that was the end of the messages between Karl and Sebastian. 
After that, the page on Sebastian's phone did not show any more activity. 
Ian closed the page and got up from his desk. His palm was covered with cold sweat, and his legs were trembling slightly.
I'm sorry, Daddy... 
The following day, Ian woke up and went downstairs. As expected, he found Sebastian sitting in the living room with a grim expression. 
"Morning, Daddy." 
"Mm, how are you feeling now? Can you go to the company today?" Sebastian glanced over his shoulder. 
He was not in a good mood. 
He still found it hard to believe the news he had received last night. If what Karl said is true, I need to find where Colton's real children are. Could they have become Elizabeth's pawn too? 
Ian nodded obediently. "Yes, Daddy. Are you going somewhere?" 
Sebastian grunted and replied, "Karl found something last night, so I need to leave to confirm whether it is true. I need you to watch the company for me and inform Karl if there is anything. Also, your Uncle Solomon has returned." 
"Okay." 
And so, Sebastian left Avenport and took a flight to Jadeborough. 
Ian watched Sebastian leave. Once the helicopter flew out of sight, he stood at the door and tapped on his phone screen. 
Very quickly, he transferred a sum of money from his account.
That day, Ian worked hard at the company. He responsibly dealt with every document sent to him, shocking the employees. 
Has Mr. Ian stopped being rebellious? 
At noon, while he was having lunch in the top floor president's office, the phone screen beside him lit up with a notification. It turned out that Susan had given in and sent him a message. 
Susan: Ian... How are you doing over there? 
Ian: Good. 
He did not say anything else. However, his expression lightened with a slight smile as he sent the reply. 
Susan's anxious heart finally calmed down after she received his message. 
Susan: Really? Then... have you told your father about this? Did he say anything? 
That was what she wanted to know the most. 
Only the heavens knew she could not sleep the whole night after Ian left. 
Ian read her message and denied it immediately. 
Ian: No. I am now trying to resolve the issue concerning your identity. 
Susan: My identity? 
Ian: Yes. You are no longer Eddie's granddaughter after today. Who do you wish to be? You can tell me now, and I will make it happen. 
###Chapter 1865
Chapter 1865
Ian casually told Susan his plan. He respected her decision and allowed her to choose her new identity. 
In actuality, Ian had begun planning this during his journey home yesterday. 
One could not deny that he inherited Sebastian's intellect. From when Sebastian instructed Karl to begin an investigation to Sebastian’s reaction after finding out about Kilian, Ian could accurately predict Sebastian's every move. 
Ian carried out his plan well and deliberately arranged for Karl to find and capture Kilian. 
Furthermore, he also provided Killian with what he should say. 
The reason Ian did all this was to give Susan a brand new identity and allow her to free herself from the Jadeson family. Then she would not have to worry about the matter anymore. 
Ian waited for Susan's response with anticipation. 
Unexpectedly, Susan called right after he messaged her. 
"Hello? Are you saying you will give me a fake identity to leave the Jadeson family?" Susan said. 
"Yes." Ian did not deny it. "You said you were worried about my daddy and the Jadeson family's reputation because of your identity as a Limmer. Since I have resolved this, you don't have to worry anymore." 
Susan's hope gradually shattered as she listened to Ian. Her eyes were filled with despair. "Ian, do you understand what I 
truly worry about?" 
"What is it?" 
"I am worried about what the world would think, whether your parents would accept our relationship, and what every member of the Jadeson family would think. Have you considered how much of a blow we would cause them if we revealed our relationship one day?" Susan asked softly on the phone. 
That was her true concern. She did not dare to imagine how people would react if they found out about her feelings for Ian. She was Eddie's granddaughter and Ian's aunt. It was improper for her to have such desires. 
Ian remained silent. 
He took his phone and sat beside the coffee table. He was confused at first. But after he heard what Susan said, his gaze turned dim and cold. "Are you asking me to tell my parents about this?" 
That sent Susan into a panic. "N-No! That's not what I meant!" 
Disappointment rose from Ian's heart, and he lost the determination in his gaze. Even his affection for her gradually dissipated. 
"Susan, you are much weaker than I thought. Since you are that scared, fine, I will do as you wish. From now on, you are still my aunt, and I am still your nephew!" Ian snapped. 
With that, he did not give Susan a chance to reply and hung up immediately. 
Susan sat stunned like a statue. 
It took a long time before she finally recovered her senses. She felt as if someone had dug out something from her chest. She staggered and slumped to the floor. 
Yes, he is smart and saw that I am afraid and cowardly. I am not as brave as him. So what if the world criticizes and looks down on us? At the very least, Ian dares to fight for what he wants and take action. What about me? Other than shrinking back and worrying, I did nothing! 
Since then, Ian did not contact her anymore. A few days later, someone exposed the matter concerning Kilian. It turned out a person had paid him and instructed him to fabricate lies about Susan's background. 
In the end, she was still Eddie's granddaughter. 
After receiving the news, Susan remained in Yeringham and did not speak for the whole day. 
In August, when there was still half a month before the new semester, Ian completed the paperwork to drop out of the University of Pollerton. He, Vivian, and Kurt would travel to Yartran together and attend classes in Atlantius. 
Ironically, soon after they left, the truth about Susan's background finally came to light. 
"Susan, I have good news for you. Both of you are not Eddie’s descendants. Your father is not Elizabeth's son. She killed 
her own son a long time ago." Susan's mother, Sigrith Halford, broke out in tears of joy on the phone. 
Susan was dumbstruck after hearing the news. 
It turned out she was not Eddie's granddaughter. 
"Ian's father found out the truth. He said Elizabeth had given birth to a child many years ago. At that time, Eddie promised her that he would make her the First Lady after he recovered his position. However, Eddie broke his promise and married her to Alfred. Thus, her heart grew twisted with hatred. She killed her child, placed it in a clay pot, and buried it before Eddie's tomb so that he could never find rest in the afterlife."
Sigrith frankly told Susan what had happened in Jadeborough recently. 
However, there was something more shocking than this. 
It turned out that after Elizabeth killed her baby, her family had feared Eddie would seek revenge, so they had rushed to the countryside and adopted a child of a similar age. 
The child he adopted was born to a woman from the Limmer family. 
Juliet Limmer was the mother. One could find her name in the Limmer family's family record in Golden Heights. She was Louis and Eddie's blood-related aunt. After getting married in Xenhall, she became Felicity and Janice's aunt. 
From this, one could tell how evil Elizabeth was. 
Sigrith wiped her tears and continued, "Ian's father also said that during the years of war, Juliet had helped to raise her younger brother, Lucien's children. If you are okay with it, you can go for a paternity test and see whose blood is flowing in you and your brother." 
Susan's mind went blank. She had never expected such an unbelievable matter to happen to her. 
She was still a Limmer. 
However, within the span of a month, she suddenly became the descendant of a national hero from the descendant of the most publicly hated man. 
It sounds like something straight out of a drama. However, isn't all this a little too late... 
###Chapter 1866
Chapter 1866
Susan arrived in Jadeborough. 
On the day she arrived, Jonathan came to meet her personally and brought her to Oceanic Estate. 
"Susan, we are certain that you and your brother are descendants of Mr. Louis Limmer. Your brother has met with the representative in Xenhall and completed the paternity test. I brought you here because I would like to know what your plans are from now on," Jonathan said solemnly after bringing Susan to Oceanic Estate. 
Jonathan was the head of the Jadeson family. He usually would not discuss vital matters with a younger generation like Susan. 
However, he revered Louis. Many years ago, Louis had led them into a battle that led to the founding of this land. He would always admire Louis and Judith as the most esteemed leaders. 
Susan pursed her lips. 
Although she had mentally prepared for this, she still could not help but feel flustered now that she had to face it. 
"Grandpa Jonathan, what do you mean?" 
"The White House has also found out about this matter. They are excited that the esteemed Mr. Louis Limmer has descendants. They wish to arrange for a residence for you and Timothy and get both of you to restore your surnames to Limmer." 
It was something unavoidable. Everyone would pay attention once Louis' name was mentioned. As Louis' descendants, 
Susan and Timothy would receive the glory and treatment they deserved.
However, all Jadesons, including Susan's mother, thought that Susan would refuse. 
After all, Susan was humble and intelligent. She knew that the fame and attention she would receive after becoming a Limmer might be detrimental to her. 
Everyone in the Oceanic Estate expected her to remain as one of the Jadeson family. 
Even Sebastian and Sasha believed Susan would choose to do so. 
Yet little did they expect her to agree to the proposal from the White House. "Sure, let them do that." 
"Huh?" Jonathan was stunned by her choice. 
After ten minutes, the news of her decision spread throughout Oceanic Estate. Everyone looked at Susan differently when she stepped out. 
There was no ill intention among them. 
However, they could not help but feel disappointed and worried that Susan would lose herself in the complicated world of politics and power. 
"Susan, I heard you have chosen to take the Limmer surname." Sasha also came to Oceanic Estate. As Susan left, she walked her out. 
To her surprise, Susan avoided her gaze and did not dare to look at her. 
"Yes." Susan nodded, gripping the hem of her clothes. 
Sasha was a little disappointed to see Susan behaving this way. However, seeing that Susan was nervous, Sasha reached out and patted Susan's head. 
"It's all right. You are free to choose. However, you must remember not to lose your principles wherever you are and take good care of Timothy, okay?" 
"I understand." Susan nodded and kept Sasha's advice to her heart. 
Then Sasha instructed a driver to send Susan back. 
Susan was about to leave, but she suddenly paused and turned around to look at the woman sending her off. She gathered her courage and asked, "Oh, if l-l become a Limmer, can I address you differently?" 
Sasha was stunned. "You wish to address me differently? What do you mean?" 
Susan replied, "I am around Vivian's age, so it feels a little disrespectful to keep calling you Sasha. Now that I am a Limmer, can I call you Mrs. Hayes? Kurt also calls you this." 
Everyone in the living room exchanged glances for a few seconds, including Sasha. 
She wants to call me Mrs. Hayes? Based on our age difference, it makes sense. However, she's been calling me Sasha for over twenty years. It feels strange that she wants to call me something else. 
"Um... Sure," Sasha agreed in the end. 
She saw a smile on Susan's face, and the latter seemed delighted as she left. 
Sasha was rendered speechless. 
What is happening?
Sasha went to the third floor and found Sebastian reading. She told him what had happened with Susan, causing him to stop turning the pages. 
Susan wants to change how she calls Sasha? 
In September, Susan and her family moved into the Limmer family's official residence at Golden Heights. She and Timothy had both taken Limmer as their surnames. 
After they changed their surnames, someone from the White House came to them and offered to send them overseas for their studies. 
"Overseas?" Timothy was excited. 
However, Susan seemed indifferent to the offer. 
"Sir, I prefer to stay at my current university. It is a reputable university in our country and is as good as any university overseas. I hope to finish my studies here. I'm sure that grandfather of mine will agree with me when he finds out." 
The secretary from the White House was stunned to hear a young woman in her early twenties making such a speech. 
###Chapter 1867
Chapter 1867
It was all about genetics. 
After being exploited by Elizabeth all these years, Colton nevertheless stayed true to himself and never became her pawn. It was the same for the pair of siblings, who would never turn out to be people who covet power. 
The two siblings still went to the University of Pollerton. 
After half a year, with her own efforts, Susan managed to secure herself the opportunity to attend to University of Pollerton, and several other universities in Yartran as a foreign exchange student. Without hesitation, she chose Atlantius. 
"Susan, you're going there? Are you..." 
Poppy took a peek at Susan's registration form. She was overjoyed yet worry for her best friend at the same time. 
She was happy because she knew what Susan went through, and the reason behind her decision. 
But at the same time, she was worried for Susan. Poppy feared for the worst, given that there was no news about Ian for the past six months. 
Nonetheless, she could tell from Susan's eyes that she had made up her mind. 
"Don't worry about it. I've already made the necessary preparations." 
Then, Susan submitted her form. 
Another six months passed and it was already the end of the year. This time, when Susan and Timothy went back for their break, they noticed that the other young adults did not return to Oceanic Estate for Christmas.
"Kurt and Vivi are not coming back this time because Vivi is invited to a fashion week." 
"That's right. As for Mr. Ian, rumor has it that Uncle Solomon arranged for him to work at Wall Street in Moranta to get some experience" 
"Matteo will not be coming back as well." 
Sigrith sighed at the thought. 
Matteo must be sending Nat to meet her father. Brandon is finally getting better, and he's longing to see his daughter. Nat, too, is missing her father, so Matteo was tasked to send her over. 
Susan stood there and listened attentively. 
She was feeling rather disappointed, for she believed that the young man she was waiting for was not going to Moranta to gain experience, but instead, was just trying to avoid coming home. 
Susan never imagined herself going through such torment on New Year's Eve and New Year's Day. Every day, she would be counting down the days and hoping time could pass by quicker. 
Once school reopened, I would be able to travel to Yartran. 
Fortunately, she had her best friend by her side through such tough times. 
Poppy: You're going to visit him soon. Do you have the gift ready? 
Susan: What... what gift are you talking about? 
Poppy: What do you mean what gift? You need to get him something that he likes. Do you even need me to teach you this?
Of course Susan knew. 
However, the only meaningful thing that she could do for him was merely to cook for him. Other aspects of his life were well taken care of by his mother. He basically had everything that he needed and wanted, except for food. Hence, she always cooked for him when they were staying in the apartment. 
In the end, Susan did not get anything for him. Frustrated, she hugged the puppy that she got from Yeringham. 
It was the same puppy that Ian had bought from the market that day. 
After what seemed like an eternity, the day that Susan longed for finally came. With her luggage in hand, she left the house in a hurry early in the morning. Sigrith, who witnessed her fumbling, couldn't help but feel annoyed. 
"What's wrong with her? She was never this excited to go to school before. So why is she acting all jumpy now? She didn't even attend the few dinner parties that I arranged for her." 
"What dinner party?" 
Coincidently, a few sisters-in-law from the Jadesons were here to visit. Upon hearing what Sigrith said, they were intrigued. 
Sigrith immediately explained, "She's going to graduate from university soon. Quite a few madams from influential families are arranging for Susan to work for them. I was just about to tell her that." 
"I don't think it's that simple. I bet they're all trying to get her to become their daughter-in-law instead." 
The ulterior purpose was evident.
But it was to be expected. After all, Susan was a hot-shot in Jadeborough ever since she showed up. Many from the elite families were eyeing for her to be their daughter-in-law. 
Sigrith's sisters-in-law were happy for her because it meant that Susan could marry into a good family. Their lives could see a change for the better soon enough. 
In Pollerton. 
After completing the registration process, Susan rushed to the airport. 
Upon knowing that Susan was coming to Yartran, Vivian swiftly made the necessary preparations to welcome her. 
Vivian texted her: Aunt Susan, you have nothing to worry about. Kurt and I are already here at the airport. You'll see us when you arrive. 
Susan: Okay. 
Susan initially wanted to correct the way in which Vivan addressed her. But in the end, she decided not to as she didn't want others to find out what was in her mind. 
With a rapidly beating heart, Susan boarded the plane. 
After a few hours, she arrived in Yartran. 
The moment she exited the plane and entered the airport, she immediately noticed Vivian, who was dressed in a blue jacket and a furry hat, waving vigorously at her. Standing behind Vivian was a handsome young man. 
"Aunt Susan, I'm here! Look here!"
She joyfully called out to Susan. Despite her age, Vivan still had a baby face, and her smile was innocent and bright. 
As she stared at Vivian, Susan was slightly dazed by the young woman's happy-go-lucky attitude. 
###Chapter 1868
Chapter 1868
Susan had heard about what happened between the two of them, and it was undeniable that they had been through a lot. 
However, the moment she saw Vivian's smile, she knew then that Vivian must be living a happy life. Susan was even more confident in her intuition when she saw Kurt standing behind Vivian, always protecting her. They were basically inseparable. 
Susan was well aware that he must be protecting Vivian with his own life. 
"Aunt Susan, why did you choose to undergo your student exchange program here? You know, when I first found out that you were coming, I was so happy, and I still am!” 
Vivian, who finally got to meet Susan, immediately popped the question. 
For a moment, Susan didn't know how to answer to that. 
"I... I'm not sure where I want to go. Since I've never been abroad before, I figured I might as well come to a place where there's someone I know." 
"Well, you've made the right choice! This is definitely where you belong!" 
Vivian was giving Susan a thumbs up for what she thought to be the "right choice." 
Kurt, who stood at a side, pursed his lips. Nonetheless, he remained silent. 
After helping out with Susan's luggage, Vivian noticed that Susan had brought along a dog. The next second, Vivian's eyes widened in bafflement. 
"Aunt Susan, you brought a dog!" 
"Um... yeah. I've been taking care of the dog for quite some time. Since I'm starting school soon, my mom said that she wanted to give the dog away. That's why I brought it here." 
Susan was fumbling to come up with an excuse. 
Luckily, Vivian was quite a naive person. She didn't bother much about what Susan was saying, but instead, all her attention was channeled to the dog. Even before Susan could finish her sentence, Vivian squatted down and wanted to carry the dog in her arms. 
"Be careful!” 
Kurt saw it and immediately pulled her hand. He was afraid that Vivian would get hurt. 
Susan quickly explained, "Don’t worry, the dog won't bite. I bought it in Yeringham. It's really obedient and gentle." 
"Okay." 
Vivian's eyes glistened with excitement. 
She could tell that the dog's intelligence was remarkable, and it had a protective nature. 
Together with the dog, the group left the airport. 
When Vivian and Ian came to Atlantius, Sebastian bought an apartment for them since there would be three of them there. 
"Aunt Susan, it's perfect! We have five rooms here, and with you joining US, we're officially fully occupied!”
Vivian smiled in delight as she started introducing the apartment to Susan. 
There are five rooms, but the apartment will be fully occupied if I move in? 
While staring at the spacious and beautifully renovated apartment, Susan was baffled by Vivian's statement. 
However, she felt out of place to ask further, given that it was not her apartment. 
She then moved her luggage into her room and started unpacking her stuff. When she was done, Kurt also finished cooking. Just then, a click was heard and someone came in through the door. 
Vivian looked up and exclaimed, "Ian, you're back?" 
The moment Susan heard what Vivian said, her heart started pounding rapidly and she had a sudden spike in anxiety. 
She held something in her hand and made to come out of her room. 
However, before she could leave her room, she heard Vivan saying, "Sigrun, where have you guys been today? You have been gone for so long! Kurt and I brought Aunt Susan back from the airport already." 
Susan halted in her tracks. 
"I'm so sorry, Vivi. I went out with Ian to buy some materials since school is starting tomorrow. Ian needed to buy a whole lot of things." 
The woman's voice was gentle and soft, and it was the sweetest sound to anyone's ear. 
Susan was stunned.
She gradually walked out of her room and took a peek. In the living room stood the young man who she did not see for over half a year. However, there was someone else beside him. 
It was a gorgeous woman with thick, silky hair, and she was dressed in a brown dress. 
"Sigrun, you're really the best! As expected of the person sent by Great-grandpa, you're really doing a good job at taking care of Ian." 
"Vivi..." The woman named Sigrun was evidently embarrassed by her words. 
She was seated opposite Ian. After giving him a shy glance, she smiled shyly and her cheeks started turning bright red. 
Meanwhile, Susan started to turn paler by the second. 
Still holding on to the in her hand, she felt like someone had dumped cold water over her head. The chills penetrated her bones, and it was as though she was disconnected from her surroundings. 
Am I... too late? 
###Chapter 1869
Chapter 1869
Vivian rushed toward Susan excitedly once Susan came out of her room. "Aunt Susan, have you packed everything? Come and have dinner. Ian and Sigrun are back." 
Apparently, Vivian had no idea about the secret between them. 
The living room plunged into silence when Ian looked up at Susan. 
At the same time, Sigrun also shot a curious glance at Susan. 
Almost instantly, Susan's face turned pale. 
At long last, she was face to face with Ian. However, the look he gave her was calm and cold, with not a hint of happiness or anger in it. Despite not having met for half a year, Susan didn't expect to receive such an indifferent response. 
The next moment, Susan was impressed once she shifted her gaze toward Sigrun. 
She's so beautiful! 
Sigrun had a well-defined oval-shaped face, fair and porcelain skin, and enchanting eyes. One couldn't help but feel mesmerized upon seeing her. 
As Susan was rooted to the floor, Vivian caringly asked, "Aunt Susan, why are your hands so cold? Should I turn the heat up on the heater?" 
Vivian instantly felt that Susan's hands were icy when she touched them. 
However, Susan was stunned and couldn't utter a word. In the end, Kurt came up to them and instructed, "Vivi, please take Susan to the dining room. I'll turn up the temperature of the heater." 
"Okay." 
With that, Vivian brought Susan to the dining room, still not realizing that something was off. 
A short while later, the five of them were seated at the dining table, with Susan arranged to sit at the head of it. 
Sigrun grabbed her cup of drink and introduced herself, "Nice to meet you, Ms. Susan. I'm Sigrun Lightburn, granddaughter of the Chief of staff of the Army. Vivian has always mentioned you to me. After meeting you today, I have to agree that you are indeed a graceful and gentle woman." 
Dumbfounded, Susan instinctively looked over to Ian beside her. It was as if she wished to ask for his help. 
Susan was only two to three years older than Sigrun. 
After Sigrun complimented her like she was talking to an elder, Susan couldn't help but feel slightly uncomfortable. 
As Susan stared at Ian, he probably sensed her gaze and finally turned around. 
The next moment, Ian said composedly, "You don’t have to be so formal since we're a family. Anyway, let's enjoy the meal." 
Susan widened her eyes in shock upon listening to it. 
Why is he acting this way? It's almost like he doesn't know me! 
No, that's not true. He knows who I am but can't remember the things that happened between US. What's wrong with him? 
Susan was utterly stunned. 
Meanwhile, Sigrun heeded Ian's advice and began eating. 
For the rest of the meal, Sigrun didn't serve Susan food or drink but focused on enjoying her meal with Ian. 
Of course, Vivian and Kurt were also digging into the different dishes with relish. 
Susan was the only one who wasn't in the mood to have dinner. Gripping her fork and spoon tightly, she was seemingly in a trance. 
After dinner, Sigrun helped Kurt clean the table while Vivian fed the dog that Susan had brought over. 
Susan saw that Ian had entered the second bedroom, which also happened to be his. A moment later, she mustered her courage and headed toward his room. 
Susan saw that Ian was sitting before the computer when she arrived at his door. She called out cautiously, "Ian..." 
Ian looked up once he heard Susan's voice. 
"Yes?" 
Susan's heart skipped a beat, for she saw Ian's cold expression when he glanced at her. 
It was as if Susan was no different from Matteo and everyone else in the Oceanic Estate. 
"... Nothing. I just wanted to check in on you. How are you after you've been here? Have you gotten used to everything after staying here for half a year?" Suppressing the excruciating pain, Susan forced a smile and asked Ian.
Ian nodded and responded, "Not bad. How are you? How's everything?" 
Susan replied, "I'm... doing well. I'll stop bothering you. Anyway, I bought a little gift for you and hope you'll like it." 
With that, Susan walked toward Ian and took out a gift from her pocket. 
It was a key chain that looked like a lotus-shaped dessert. 
Ian stared at it in bewilderment after taking it from Susan. 
"Well, you can leave it here. Thank you, Aunt Susan." 
"You're welcome." 
Susan couldn't help but dig her fingers into her palms when Ian addressed her as Aunt Susan. She swore she could smell the coppery scent of blood, and only then did she spin around to leave. 
Coincidentally, she bumped into Sigrun as she left the room. Sigrun said, "Oh? Ms. Susan, are you here to see Ian?" 
###Chapter 1870
Chapter 1870
Staring at Susan's hands, Sigrun asked in surprise, "Ms. Susan, your hands..." "Vivi, can you go downstairs to buy a bottle of detergent? Sigrun can go with you." Suddenly, Kurt came out of the kitchen and asked Vivian to buy something for him. 
Vivian agreed to it right away. 
Then, she skipped happily toward Sigrun and grabbed her arm to leave the house. 
Susan heaved a sigh of relief after they left. 
Just as Susan wanted to return to her room, she heard Kurt's voice from the kitchen. 
"There are some Band-Aids in the wine cabinet. You should treat your wounds." 
Susan was a little taken aback, for Kurt could seemingly see her even though his back was facing her. 
Moments later, Susan slowly came up to the wine cabinet. She opened the drawer and took out two pieces of Band-Aids. 
After treating her wounds, Susan came to the kitchen and offered to lend Kurt a hand. "Kurt, let me help you." 
Kurt neither agreed nor declined as he continued working. 
As Susan was wiping the plates with a dry towel, she couldn't suppress her curiosity and asked, "Kurt, can you tell me... what has happened to him?" 
"What do you mean?" Kurt, who was busy washing the dishes, asked Susan back calmly. 
Susan turned around to gaze at Kurt. That question from him was the final straw on the camel's back, and she found she couldn't suppress her emotions any longer. In an instant, tears started to well up in her eyes. 
Susan was smart enough to know that Kurt had helped her ease the situation by asking Sigrun to leave the house. As such, it was logical for Susan to believe that Kurt was aware of what had happened to Ian. 
"Ian was sick. After returning from the company, he locked himself in his room, just like how he did for three days after Duncan died. However, this time, he locked himself in his room for a week." 
Crash! 
Once Kurt finished explaining, a plate fell from Susan's hands and shattered on the floor. 
The next moment, Ian came out of his room because he heard the noise. 
"What happened?" 
Although her body trembled violently, Susan dared not turn around and merely stood still. 
In the end, Kurt crouched down to pick up the shattered pieces of the plate. 
"It's nothing serious. I accidentally broke a plate." 
"I see. Don't wear Aunt Susan out. Since she has just arrived today, please let her get some rest. Why don't you hire a housemaid to do the dishes if you're busy?" Ian instructed Kurt before he left the kitchen. 
From those words, one could tell that Ian still cared about Susan. 
However, Ian didn't realize that his words were like piercingly sharp knives that plunged into Susan's heart. 
The pain was excruciating, so much so that Susan's legs could barely support herself. 
"Well... what happened next?" Susan asked after Ian left. 
In the end, Kurt decided to tell Susan the truth. "Worrying that something would happen to Ian, I got a psychiatrist to check up on him. The psychiatrist advised US to erase his painful memories, given that he has a hereditary disease. When he was soberer, I asked if he wished to heed the psychiatrist's advice. He eventually agreed to it." 
In other words, Ian lost part of his memories voluntarily. Since Susan had said that her relationship with Ian was over, he decided to give her what she asked for by erasing his memories that were related to her. 
That night, Susan couldn't even remember how she got back to her room. 
All she knew was that the sky was completely dark when she woke up. 
The first night that Susan spent in a foreign country was surprisingly silent. Slowly, she stood up from the floor and walked toward the window. 
Looking out, she saw her dog, which was tethered to a post downstairs. 
While everyone in the apartment slept soundly, Susan went downstairs to hug her dog. Apparently, it also couldn't fall asleep because of the unfamiliar environment. 
"Lotus, can you tell me what I should do next?" Woof! 
Snuggling itself in Susan's arms, Lotus gently barked because it didn't know how to speak.
Meanwhile, Susan hugged Lotus tighter and rested her head against its back. Moments later, tears streamed down her face non-stop. She stayed in the backyard with Lotus for quite some time before returning to her room. 
Upstairs, Kurt was also awake. 
Given his years of training, Kurt would jolt awake at even the slightest noise. Besides, he had had to keep Vivian company earlier. She had asked him to watch a soap opera together and only fell asleep not long ago. 
Before Kurt fell asleep, he thought Susan would give up on Ian soon. 
After all, in Kurt's eyes, Susan wasn't brave enough to fight for what she wanted. 
Surprisingly, after everyone woke up in the morning, a sumptuous breakfast was already served at the dining table. 
At the same time, a petite figure was busy preparing food in the kitchen. 
"Oh, are you guys awake already? Come and have breakfast! The food is ready." 
Susan quickly asked everyone to freshen themselves up and come to the dining room. 
At the sight of the delicious food on the table, Vivian was absolutely delighted. 
###Chapter 1871
Chapter 1871
"Woah, Aunt Susan, you're amazing. That means well get to eat both Kurt's and your cooking in the future!" 
"What's the matter? Are you losing interest in my food after eating my cooking for so long?" a certain someone grumbled. 
The girl quickly consoled, "Of course not. How can I possibly do that? My Kurt's cooking is the tastiest of all. Come on, let's go wash up now. 
She was getting more and more shameless in flaunting her relationship. 
Even Susan's face was red as she watched them. 
Soon, Ian and Sigrun came out as well. Sigrun was equally delighted to see the scrumptious meal. 
"Oh my god, Ms. Susan, you're amazing! You've actually made so much delicious food!" 
"It's nothing. They're just normal homecooked dishes." Susan quickly shook her head humbly. 
However, just as she said that, the girl named Sigrun began studying the breakfast spread. 
"I think Ian will like the sandwich and milk. I'll get some condensed milk for you." 
With that said, she went to the refrigerator for the condensed milk. 
When Susan noticed that, she took out the pot of oatmeal she had prepared earlier from the kitchen and put it in front of Ian. 
"He doesn't eat that. He prefers oatmeal. Come, Ian, eat up. These are your favorites. I've even made a plate full of steamed buns for you." 
Susan then smiled as she served the dishes.
Sigrun, who was In front of the refrigerator, froze. Then, she turned to look at the two of them. 
Even Ian frowned when he saw the food. He then asked, "These are my favorites?" 
Susan replied, "Yes, you loved the oatmeal I made most when we were at the University of Pollerton. You'd even have a few bowls of it every time I make it." 
Ian fell silent, and so did Sigrun. 
Even Kurt and Vivian, who had just come out of the room upstairs, lowered their heads and looked at the trio. 
In the end, Ian scooped up a spoonful and ate it. However, everyone noticed that he stopped after a few bites. Instead, he took the milk and sandwich that Sigrun had prepared for him. 
The living room turned quiet. 
"Ms. Susan, could it be that you've remembered it wrongly? We've been staying here with Ian for half a year, and he has never asked me to prepare these for breakfast. He prefers milk and sandwiches," Sigrun questioned. 
Susan did not speak. 
She only looked at the young man, who was digging into his breakfast as if nothing was happening around him, in a daze. All of a sudden, a thought entered her mind, and the feelings of remorse and sorrow nearly suffocated her. 
That's right. He never had anything he liked nor disliked. He ate anything I made for him as long as I'm the one who made it. He has never been picky, and he always polished everything off his plate. That's
why I thought he liked it. The truth is that Ian has always been considerate of me. He's actually a picky eater. 
Susan retreated to the kitchen. For a long, long time, she never re-emerged. 
"Ian, what are you doing? Aunt Susan prepared all these for you early in the morning. How can you be so mean? Even if you don't like them, you should've eaten them!" 
Vivian, who had seen the moment, furiously began lecturing her brother once she went down the stairs. 
However, Sigrun did not agree with her. 
"But Vivian, how is he supposed to eat it if he doesn't like It?" 
"But..." 
"All right, keep it. I'll eat it later." 
Right as the girls were arguing, Ian, who was sitting at the side, interrupted them. After frowning and asking them to keep the oatmeal, he went back to his room. 
Vivian instantly and merrily brought the oatmeal back to the kitchen. 
"Aunt Susan, you don't need to be sad anymore. I've taught Ian a lesson, and he says he'll be eating it for lunch." 
As Susan looked at the young woman who was still defending her, she felt even worse-she realized she could not forgive herself anymore. 
What have I done?
That morning, when Susan went to the supermarket, she made a call to Oceanic Estate. 
"Mrs. Hayes, it's me, Susan. I'd like to ask what Ian usually likes to eat. What about Vivian? I was thinking of cooking something for them. They said it's been a long time since they've eaten homecooked food as they've been ordering takeout all along." 
"Oh, I see. Sure, I'll tell you right away.” 
Sasha was exceptionally delighted when she heard that. 
Immediately, Sasha went to compile a document a few pages long about the food her children liked before sending It to Susan. 
"Darling, look at how sensible and thoughtful Susan is. The first thing she thinks about upon reaching their place is what she can cook for them." 
Sebastian was in the middle of reading the newspaper in his hands when he heard her words. He then crossed his legs and muttered, "Is that so?" 
Sasha replied, "Yes, yes. She was even asking me for a list of food they like." 
Sebastian then asked, "Did the daughter from the Lightburn family not ask you for a copy?" 
The Lightburn family? 
The moment Sebastian asked that, Sasha froze. 
Right, I've forgotten about that. Sigrun is the girl that Grandpa wants as Ian's significant other. After all, her grandfather used to be his comrade.
Sasha had also heard that the young woman seemed like a nice person who had been getting along with Ian. 
"She didn't ask me for it, but I heard from Vivian that she apparently takes rather good care of Ian." 
"I see. What are you planning to do, then?" Sebastian suddenly asked. 
For families like theirs, once the boys reached adulthood and had a suitable partner, they would quickly make their relationship official. Furthermore, Ian was already nineteen. Jonathan had been thinking about making his relationship official for a long time. 
Sasha had nothing to disagree to after hearing Sebastian's explanation. 
"If both parties are fine with that—if Ian agrees to it as well-let's make it official." 
Sebastian did not reply to that. 
###Chapter 1872
Chapter 1872
Two days later, the semester started again. 
As it was Susan's first time around, Vivian wanted to accompany her to the campus to report in. However, Kurt analyzed the situation and thought that it was not appropriate for her to keep Susan company. 
"Susan's in accounting, and it has nothing to do with your design. It's best for Ian to keep her company instead. Ian's in finance, and they're in the same school." 
"Oh, you're right!" 
Vivian found sense in Kurt's words. 
Instantly, she ran to her brother's room. 
"Ian, accompany Aunt Susan to campus today. Her major is similar to yours, and her classes are also physically closer to yours. Kurt said you're the better choice to bring her around." 
Ian was in the middle of packing his laptop and his books when Vivian ran in. When he heard her voice, he lifted his head to look at her. 
However, before he could say anything, Sigrun walked over from the room next door. 
"The Faculty of Finance isn't the same as accounting. They're two different fields, and the classrooms are pretty far apart. Why don't I bring her there instead? I'm in business management, and my classes are closer to Ms. Susan's." 
It was truly a sudden turn of events. 
Vivian, who was standing by the doorway, was taken aback by it.
To everyone's surprise, Susan, who had packed up her things upstairs, suddenly came downstairs with her bag. When she heard the voices in Ian's room, she, too, came over. 
"It's fine if it's a little far. Ian knows my situation better. I think it'll be better for him to lead me there. Ian, will you mind?" 
When her bright eyes looked into the room, even Kurt could not help but turn to look at her a little longer. 
It seemed like something about her had changed. 
In the end, Ian agreed to it. Sigrun was disappointed about it, but she did not dwell much on the matter. 
To her, Susan was just their aunt. 
Soon, the few of them reached the campus. 
"Ian, I'll head over with Kurt first. Let's get in touch once we're done with our classes.""Okay." 
Ian nodded. 
In the blink of an eye, Vivian and Kurt were gone; the only ones left at the campus entrance were Susan and the other two. Susan, naturally, had no other plans, but after Sigrun watched Vivian and Kurt leave, she headed straight to the bicycle zone by the entrance. 
"Ian, let's ride over." 
"Sure," Ian agreed. 
Susan guessed it was their routine. 
A second later, she came to a decision. 
"Huh? Ms. Susan, why aren't you getting a bike?"
"Oh, I don't know how to ride one..." Susan gave them an apologetic look as she stood rooted in place awkwardly. 
Sigrun never thought that Susan would be unable to ride a bicycle. Once she registered what Susan had said, she immediately offered, "You don't know how to ride a bike? Why don't you... Why don't you ride on mine as a passenger?" 
Susan fell silent. 
However, she did not reject the offer. After Sigrun got onto her bicycle, Susan moved to take a seat behind her as well. 
Nevertheless... 
"Ah!" 
Thump! 
Both cried out at the same time. If not for Ian supporting them in time, they would have fallen to the ground. 
It was inevitable. The bicycle was designed differently from the models back home. The designs of the wheels and the handle were meant for a solo rider. Even if someone wanted to take a passenger, they would have to be extremely skilled in balancing the bicycle. 
Susan had noticed this at first glance, which was why she had taken up Sigrun's offer. 
After finally getting on Ian's bicycle, Susan glanced at the lonely young woman on the other bicycle and guiltily looked away. 
However, she did not regret her decision.
Susan had to try walking back into the young man's world again. Regardless of what the results were in the end, she was going to try her best. 
Not long after, Ian brought her to her faculty. 
Those who knew Ian noticed the unfamiliar face and curiously asked, "Ian, is she your new friend?" 
Pursing his lips, Ian nodded and replied, "Yes, she's my aunt." 
Susan blinked, a little shocked. 
Even after finishing up her enrolment procedures, she was still feeling disappointed. There was no trace of joy or anticipation in her despite having transferred to a new university. 
Ian turned around to glance at her for a beat before saying, "Don't worry. The culture here is fine. The people here won't put you in a difficult spot and are friendly." 
"Is that so?" 
It was only then Susan seemed to brighten up a little. 
"In that case... Ian, can I come and find you more often? I... I just came here, and I'm not too fluent in French. Vivian and Kurt are too far from me. I..." 
"Sure," came the young man's swift response. 
Upon hearing that, Susan finally smiled. When her wide smile reached her bright eyes, Ian found himself lost in a trance for a moment. 
It was a pure and sweet smile.
The joy on her face when he said yes was as if she had gotten everything in the world. The eyes that reflected no one but him made his heart ache. 
Ian left. 
That day, he kept staring out of the window something he rarely did. It was as though he was waiting for something. 
When Sigrun came to look for him, she spotted him staring right at her. 
"Ian?" the young woman happily called out. 
###Chapter 1873
Chapter 1873
During the six months she had spent by his side, she had never seen him distracted in class. Even when she arrived, he would ignore her as long as he was doing homework or in the midst of lessons. 
Sigrun approached him in delight. 
"Ian, here, I bought you a drink." She took out a bottle of mineral water from one of his favorite brands. 
"Mmm-hmm, just leave it there." 
Before she knew it, Ian retracted his gaze as the distant look he usually had returned. It felt as if the gaze he threw Sigrun earlier was nothing but an illusion, causing her to feel disappointed. 
Nonetheless, she quickly regained her composure as if nothing had happened. Taking out her notebook, she planned to do her homework while keeping him company. 
"Ian?" 
Suddenly, someone shouted outside the classroom. 
Startled by the voice, Sigrun looked up and noticed that Ian had gotten to his feet and hurried outside. 
"What's wrong?" 
"Ian, t-the teacher wants to evaluate me, saying that I'm a transfer student. Only with the evaluation test results can they decide which grade to place me in. After taking a look, I realize it's mostly in... French." 
Filled with dismay, Susan had arrived with her backpack while clutching the test paper. She hung her head so low in embarrassment that it seemed to be buried in her chest. 
She had started out confident due to her being a top student at the University of Pollerton. 
Unfortunately, her ignorance of many French professional terms disheartened her, let alone the accounting knowledge required of her. 
After skimming through it, Ian led her into the classroom. 
"Sit here." 
"Oh, okay." 
As she took her seat, Susan gave Sigrun an apologetic look. 
A few minutes later, both of them went through the test paper together. Observing them by the side, Sigrun suddenly realized the usually aloof Ian was especially gentle and patient when it came to explaining Susan's test to her. 
"Do you understand now?” 
"Mmm-hmm, I got it. What about this?" 
"Let me take a look." 
They spent half an hour of recess working on the paper. 
By the time Susan left, her mood had brightened up. As she put her test paper away and put on her backpack, she smiled vibrantly at Ian. 
"Ian, thank you so much. Let me buy you lunch." 
"Hmm?"
"To thank you, of course. Also, Sigrun, do join US. Both of you can decide where to eat. Once I'm done, I'll come and see you. Anyway, I'm going back to class now." 
With that, she ran off with her backpack bouncing on her back. 
Sigrun sat and watched Susan's silhouette disappear before returning her attention to Ian. 
"Ian, are you going?" 
"I'm fine either way," Ian casually remarked. Sigrun was stumped. 
Either way? 
During the past half year, she had never seen him eat outside. He would either eat the food Vivian had sent over or head back to their apartment. There was not a single Instance of him eating at a place outside the school. 
Suddenly, Sigrun was unsettled by a thought. 
Meanwhile, after Susan slipped back into her classroom, she held onto her furiously beating heart, as if she was filled with excitement over doing something amazing. 
Luckily, Ian didn't reject me and even explained the test to me. 
As she carefully unrolled the test paper he had gone through with her, she felt as if she could catch his scent on it. 
It was a faint mint smell that was especially pleasing to her. 
When the school bell rang at noon, she dashed out of class excitedly to have lunch with Ian and Sigrun.
However, she arrived at the Faculty of Finance to find that both of them were not there. After checking with the other students, she learned that Ian had left a while ago. 
"Ian? He has already left. Every noon, his girlfriend will meet him for lunch. She treats him very well and is particularly attentive," one of the students informed her. 
The instant she heard those words, she felt as if someone had poured cold water on her brimming passion. Frozen in place, whatever enthusiasm she had earlier had now vanished. 
Girlfriend? Is it Sigrun? That's right. I forgot to ask Kurt the other day about who she was. She introduced herself as the granddaughter of the Chief of Staff of the Army, but I forgot to ask her what she was doing there. With both siblings and Kurt together, they would have enough company. Thus, what's the point of her presence? 
After receiving a call from her daughter, Sigrith replied, "Her? She's the fiancee that Jonathan has found for Ian. I heard that she is the best candidate they have after a long search and is probably related to one of his old comrades." 
Fiancee? 
Susan felt a buzzing in her head. 
She couldn't believe her ears. In just half a year, the Jadesons have already decided on his engagement? In that case, does it mean that we no longer have a chance to be together? 
Holding her phone, Susan felt as if she had fallen into a bottomless abyss. 
###Chapter 1874
Chapter 1874
Inside Adalyn's restaurant, Vivian, who had just started eating, knitted her brows when she saw that there were only four of them. 
"Where's Aunt Susan? Why isn't she here?" 
"Hmm?" 
Laying out the cutlery, Kurt looked at her. "Didn't you inform her?" 
"I didn't. Isn't she supposed to be together with Ian? Ian, didn't you tell Aunt Susan about having lunch here?" 
Vivian looked at Ian, who had taken his seat opposite her. 
Instead of responding, the latter's gaze shifted in Sigrun's direction. 
Evidently, she was the one who arranged everything. 
At that moment, she began to shirk her responsibility. 
"1-1 thought that you had informed her. Since you haven't, I'll give her a call right now." 
She took out her phone at once. 
Nevertheless, Vivian was already annoyed. This is just Aunt Susan's first day at school, and we have already made such a careless mistake. What will she think when she finds out about it? She will definitely feel sad about it. 
Getting to her feet, Vivian decided to pick Susan up herself. 
The moment she left, Kurt naturally went with her, leaving Ian and Sigrun at the dining table.
"Ian, I..." 
"Didn't she ask you to make reservations for lunch? Why didn't you do it?" Ian questioned with an indifferent look in his eyes. 
Sigrun was surprised that he had brought up the Incident in the morning. She had assumed that he didn't care for it, just like many other things in his life. 
Upon realizing he had clearly remembered the matter, her face lost all color. 
"Ian, l-l'm sorry. I just thought that you had no intention of eating out, so I decided not to make reservations. After that, I assumed Vivi would have told her when she invited US here." 
Subsequently, Silence ensued. 
At that moment, Ian got to his feet as a grim look flashed in his eyes. 
In the end, after Vivian found Susan, she and Kurt brought the latter to have lunch in the school cafeteria together. 
Even though the simple dining environment wasn't as luxurious as that of Adalyn's place, the despair that Susan felt earlier eased a little at the warm gesture. 
"Aunt Susan, you should come straight to me next time. Ian can't be bothered with anything and lets Sigrun run his affairs, just like a kid who hasn't grown up- Mmm..." 
Before she could finish, Kurt had stuffed a piece of steak into her mouth, rendering her speechless. 
Damn it, doesn't he realize that I'm speaking to Aunt Susan?
Susan continued to eat quietly. 
Kurt, too, didn't say a word. It wasn't until Vivian left to wash her hands that he swept his gaze toward Susan, who was feeling down in the dumps. 
"Sigrun is someone Old Mr. Jadeson found for him. Over the past half year, she has been taking care of him" 
"In that case, what about him?" Susan finally asked. 
When she raised her head to look at Kurt, he could see the ashen color of her face. 
Kurt cocked a brow. "Him? How would I know?" 
Susan was stumped. 
"Perhaps, she has grown on him like how you did when you took care of him back then. Or maybe, he's just used to being under her care. Anyway, how could I know what's going through his mind?" 
Kurt's tone was indifferent to the extent of sounding a little cold as if to express his exasperation over the question. 
If she really wants to reconcile the relationship, what does the engagement matter? Is she just going to back off because of it? If that's what she thinks, I would prefer Sigrun to be with Ian for the rest of his life. At the very least, he will be a lot happier with someone who doesn't shy away in the face of obstacles. 
Susan stared blankly at him as she didn't know how to describe her feelings. The only thing she felt was a growing sense of isolation.
Only then did she realize the complex emotions she previously felt were nothing compared to her current feelings. 
That's right. How can I give up just because of this? They aren't even married yet, are they? As long as they aren't, I still have hope. I will show him that I'm the one that belongs in his heart. 
Wiping the tears off her eyes, Susan began to wolf down her food. 
When she saw Ian again in the afternoon, she noticed the apologetic look in his eyes even though he didn't bring up the matter of lunch. 
"Next time, just come to me if you need anything." 
"All right." 
Susan felt better at once. 
Over the next few days, she would travel back and forth between the Faculty of Accounting and the Faculty of Finance. Just as he promised, Ian would drop whatever he was doing whenever she came to see him. 
Consequently, Susan was happy with how things were. 
Unfortunately, the same could not be said for Sigrun. 
"Grandpa, ever since Susan came, she keeps staying by Ian's side. Even though she's his aunt, she gets in my way of spending time with him. Are you able to somehow transfer her away from the university?" 
"All right. I'll have it done right away." 
Sympathizing with his granddaughter, Lucius Lightburn readily agreed to the request.
However, the moment he ended the call, his wife reminded him, "Susan is one of Louis Limmer's descendants and is someone of importance. Are you sure you want to mess with her?" 
"What are you afraid of? Even if she's a member of the Limmer family, it's only in name as she doesn't hold any meaningful power. Besides, I'm not messing around with her. Can't I find her a better school than the one she's in now?" 
Lucius didn't think much of the matter. 
###Chapter 1875
Chapter 1875
It was a Thursday when Susan found out that she had failed the evaluation test. 
The moment she received the news, she was so desperate that she rushed to see the teachers in school instead of informing Vivian and the others. 
"Ms. Ericsson, can I check which part of my test I failed? Can you explain it to mê'?" 
"Oh, it’s you. It was terrible. Whatever you have learned is too different from what we teach here. Susan, I would suggest that you go to a different school. In fact, Г refer you to Flinders." 
The moment the teacher saw her, she actually suggested that Susan transfer someplace else. 
How can I do that? I painstakingly fought for a place in my school back home to come here as an exchange student. If I don’t get to study here, what’s the whole point of all this? 
Filled with desperation, Susan pleaded with the teacher, "Ms. Ericsson, I don’t want to go to another school. Why don’t you tell me what my mistakes are so that I can work on them and retake the test?" 
Despite her pleas, the teacher was unmoved. In the end, she gave Susan a card for Flinders before dismissing her. 
Susan's heart sank in despair. 
What am I going to do? 
She walked out of the school office with a listless expression. 
"Oh? Ms. Susan, what's wrong? Why do you look so glum?" 
The moment she came out, she ran into Sigrun. 
Suddenly, she felt as if the latter was her last hope. "Ms. Lightburn, the teacher just told me that I have failed my test and wants me to go to Flinders University instead. What should I do?" 
"Huh?" 
A concerned expression descended on Sigrun's face when she heard the news. 
"That's unacceptable as you're unfamiliar with the school. Why don't I talk to the teacher for you? After all, I know her better than you do." 
"Okay." 
Susan was extremely grateful. 
Unfortunately, Sigrun’s meeting with the teacher was futile, as the latter refused to budge from her decision not to accept Susan. 
"I'm sorry. I strongly feel that a student must go to a school that is compatible with them. This is also for her own good." 
"But-" 
"Enough. I have classes to teach. That's all for today." 
After outright rejecting both of them, the teacher picked up her books and left for her classes. 
With that, the glimmer of hope Susan held just a moment ago dissipated just as quickly as it came. 
Sigrun was equally speechless. 
After a while, she tried to persuade Susan, "Erm... why don't you go to that university instead? It's not that far from here. If you take a bus, it will be a two- hour ride." 
Two hours? How is that not far? 
Susan would never accept such an arrangement. 
After returning to the apartment, she lingered in her room for a while before turning on her laptop and looking up local accounting information and test paper questions. 
She hoped to work hard and sit for the test again. 
As a result, she stayed home that weekend to study in her room. When Vivian and the rest asked her about it, she only told them that she was revising her lessons and nothing else, for she didn't want them to worry. 
In fact, she didn't even dare imagine how Ian might react once he found out about it. 
Would he be happy? Or would he help me? I can't take that risk. No matter what, I must seize this opportunity to stay by his side. 
After studying hard for a few days, she went back to school on Monday to see the teacher again. 
"Ms. Ericsson, excuse me, but I would like to appeal for another opportunity to take the test. If I fail again, you can rest assured that I'll go back to my own school." 
Just to get the teacher's agreement, Susan was willing to make a bold promise. 
After staring at her briefly, the teacher finally agreed due to what Susan had said. 
Susan was ecstatic over the response.
Subsequently, she took the test paper and gave it another shot. This time, she utilized all the knowledge that she had crammed into her head over the last few days. 
When she was done, she handed in the paper confidently. 
Unfortunately, she was shocked to learn that she had failed again. 
"You can return to your country now as your results do not meet our school's standards." The teacher handed her the results heartlessly. 
Susan was stunned. 
This is impossible. Considering how much effort I had put in, how can I still fail? Even if I have not studied here before, accountancy is a universal concept. How can it vary so much in different places? 
At that moment, Susan began to suspect that the teacher had something against her. 
"Ms. Ericsson, are you sure that the problem lies with my test paper?" 
"Of course," the teacher answered with conviction. 
In response to her answer, Susan took back her test paper without another word. 
"All right. In that case, I'll let someone else check it. If the mistakes are mine, I'll keep my promise." With that, she left with the paper, causing the teacher to panic. 
###Chapter 1876
Chapter 1876
She had assumed that Susan was a pushover and never imagined that the latter would want to get the paper checked by a third party. 
The teacher commented behind her, "It's useless even if you bring it to someone else since every school has different admission standards. Furthermore, you're just an exchange student, and the school doesn't need a reason for rejecting you." 
The words caused the already aggrieved Susan to turn around and stare blankly at the teacher. 
Filled with disbelief, she felt a burning sensation in her eyes that made her look particularly pitiful. 
Nevertheless, the teacher left without another word. 
Instead of explaining further, all she left Susan was the cold silhouette of her back. 
After that, Susan slumped onto the bench behind her. 
There was indeed a difference between an exchange student and a regular student. No matter how exceptional an exchange student was, they would have to return to their school of origin. 
In contrast to an exchange student, all the achievements of a regular student would be attributed to the university, enhancing the school's reputation. 
Therefore, Susan didn't suspect anything was amiss with the teacher's draconian stance. 
Left without a choice, she resigned herself to attending Flinders University since she couldn't enroll in Atlantius. A distance of two hours was certainly better than returning to her home country where she would not be able to see Ian. 
Finally, she arrived at Flinders.
"Hello, I come from Atlantius. Ms. Ericsson told me that I can enroll myself here." 
She handed over her academic documents. 
After checking her credentials, the school staff didn't make things difficult. Instead, they handed her a form to fill out. 
"Once you have filled out this form, you can report to your teacher in class. Ms. Ericsson has already made the necessary arrangements." 
"All right." 
Susan was surprised by how smoothly everything was going, especially since they were telling her to go to class right after she arrived. 
Isn't this a bit too fast? 
Nevertheless, she was still one who prioritized her studies. Once she heard that she could go to class, she complied obediently as it was three o'clock in the afternoon then. 
By the time class was finished and she came out of school, it was almost five. 
Thus, she hurried to the bus stop, hoping to rush back to Atlantius. 
Buzz! 
When she got on the bus, her phone vibrated in her bag. 
Could it be a call from them?
She quickly brought it out but was dismayed that its battery had run out. Given that she had rushed out earlier and didn't expect to change schools, she had forgotten to bring a power bank. 
Therefore, Susan could only hope that her bus would travel faster. 
Unknown to her, Vivian and the others had gathered at Atlantius after finishing their classes. Upon hearing what happened to Susan, Vivian was nearly out of her mind with anxiety. 
"Sigrun, why didn't you tell us about something that important? What If something happens to her? She's all alone in an unfamiliar place!" 
Vivian glared furiously at Sigrun. 
Shocked by the backlash, Sigrun felt that she didn't deserve it. 
"I assumed that she would tell all of you. Just that day, I talked to the teacher on her behalf, but the teacher insisted that she had failed the evaluation test. Since what she has learned is different from what's being taught here, the teacher referred her to another school." 
"You-" 
"That's enough. Let's stop assigning blame. What matters now is to look for her. I'll go back and get the car." 
With a gloomy expression, Kurt pulled Vivian to his side before they quickly left the school to get their car, which was the Lamborghini that Sebastian had gifted to Kurt back then. 
After watching them leave, Sigrun heaved a sigh of relief. 
"Are you going to tell me that you're not aware of the rules regarding an exchange student? Or the fact that you have no idea what accounting is after studying in the Faculty of Business Administration for half
a year?" 
A cold gaze swept in her direction. 
As he gave her an earnest but indifferent stare, Sigrun could feel the hostility he emitted while standing under the shade of a tree. 
In that instant, Sigrun's face lost all color. 
He actually saw through all that? In that case... He... 
Despite her panicky attempts to explain, Ian wasn't willing to give her the opportunity to do so. Turning around, he rode home with his canvas bag on his back. 
At seven in the evening, Kurt and Vivian finally brought Susan home. 
"Oh? Dinner has been served? Sigrun, did you cook?" 
When the three of them came home to a table of scrumptious dishes, the famished Vivian jumped in joy. 
However, there was no sign of Sigrun. Instead, a towering figure in a casual beige outfit emerged from the bedroom. Wearing a pair of sandals, he had stuck both his hands in his pocket. 
His entire being exuded a languid yet casual vibe. 
###Chapter 1877
Chapter 1877
"Ian? D-Don't tell me that you prepared these?" 
Vivian's eyes widened in shock when she saw him. 
Ian's expression froze. 
"Do I look like I know how to cook?" 
"Hehehe... Nope," Vivian admitted before sticking her tongue out. 
It was only then that Ian looked away and explained that he had ordered someone to deliver the food instead. 
As for Sigrun... 
"After her mistake, I asked her to stay in school and reflect upon her actions for a few days." 
Once everyone sat down and began eating, Ian slowly explained why Sigrun wasn't having dinner with them. 
At his words, Vivian and Susan looked up in surprise. 
Mistake? What did she do? 
Only Kurt didn't react as he continued to enjoy his dinner. It was as if he had known about it all along. 
Once dinner was over, Susan cleared the table before returning to her room. 
Exhausted from the long day she had had, she wanted to rest early because she was worried she couldn't wake up in time to make the long trip to school. 
Knock! Knock!
"Come in." 
Susan, who was rummaging through her wardrobe, went to open the door. 
"Ian?" 
She had not expected the one knocking on the door to be the person she missed dearly. 
Ian nodded indifferently as he was never one to show much emotion. All along, he always wore a frosty expression on his face. 
Nevertheless, in the past, he would smile when in front of her and would talk to her in a gentle tone. 
"I just want to tell you that you don't have to go to Flinders tomorrow." 
"Huh?" 
Susan was pleasantly surprised. 
"Really?" 
"Yes. That teacher is unfamiliar with the rules for exchange students. Therefore, I went to see another teacher. Now that everything is cleared up, you can continue studying at Atlantius tomorrow," Ian explained at the door. 
Susan was filled with joy after hearing the news. Overwhelmed by emotions, she stretched out her hands and hugged Ian around his arms. 
"Ian, you're wonderful! This way, I'll never have to leave your side again!" 
Lost in her ecstasy, she accidentally let out a Freudian slip.
As the air between them suddenly froze, Susan, who had regained her senses, didn't dare move a muscle, as if she had been struck by lightning. Even Ian seemed paralyzed in his position. 
Amidst the air of awkwardness, Susan felt the urge to run somewhere and hide. 
In truth, that was exactly what she did. As if she had been jolted by electricity, she let go of Ian and fled into her room, slamming the door shut behind her. 
Bang! 
No explanation was forthcoming at all. 
After staring blankly at the door for a while, Ian turned around stiffly and returned to his room. Once inside, he realized that his heart was pounding furiously. 
What's going on? She's my aunt! 
The next day, everyone had woken up. 
Vivian was boisterous as usual. It wasn't until Kurt dragged her into the bathroom to get her to wash up did she come down for breakfast wearing her backpack. 
Immediately, she could sense that something was different. 
"Kurt, did you notice that something feels strange this morning?" 
"What's strange?" 
After leading her out, Kurt heard her ask as he stuffed her freezing cold hands into the pockets of his down jacket.
Holding a carton of milk in her hand, Vivian mumbled while drinking, "In the sense that Susan and Ian didn't say a word at all." 
Kurt grunted and replied, "It’s good manners not to speak during a meal." 
"But, both of them avoided looking at each other, as if they had done something wrong. Didn’t you notice it?” 
"No." Kurt was annoyed. 
In the end, he took out her favorite sweet and stuffed it into her mouth to stop her from sticking her nose into the business of others. 
"Mmph!" 
"Finish it quick as you won't be allowed to eat that in school. By the way, Susan will be coming back to our school. Therefore, remember to call the restaurant to make a booking for lunch." 
"Okay!" 
Vivian's eyes lit up in delight. 
Without saying another word, she spread her arms wide and hopped onto Kurt's back. Filled with bliss, she enjoyed the precious moment both of them shared together. 
Meanwhile, Susan, too, was in a particularly good mood that morning. 
When she woke up and saw Ian, she was indeed embarrassed at first. 
After breakfast was finished, they headed to school on Ian's bike. Sitting behind him, she felt a warm sensation in her heart when both of them were bathed by the golden rays of the morning sun.
"Ian, when we arrive at school, will you go over with me?" 
"Yeah." 
Ian readily agreed without needing her to explain further. 
With the morning breeze blowing across her face, Susan's smile widened when she recalled the time they were at the University of Pollerton. Back then, he didn't know how to ride a bike yet, so she had to take him around. 
But now, their roles were reversed. 
Can I bring him back to me? He is mine after all. 
###Chapter 1878
Chapter 1878
Under Ian's guidance, Susan successfully returned to the Faculty of Accounting. Besides that, she noticed the teacher that had caused her trouble was no longer around. 
Consequently, she was delighted by the turn of events. 
After she was done with her morning class, she received a call from Vivian at noon. 
"Aunt Susan, let's go for lunch. We'll be waiting for you at the school entrance." 
"Okay," Susan readily agreed. 
Just when she left her classroom to seek out Ian at the Faculty of Finance, she saw Sigrun and Ian walking out of the faculty building side by side. 
"Ian, let's meet up with Susan before going over to the restaurant for lunch." 
"Yeah," Ian agreed. It was evident that he very much approved of the arrangement. 
The moment Susan saw both of them together, she stopped in her tracks. 
Sigrun? 
Suddenly, she felt like someone had poured cold water over her, dousing the happiness she had felt a moment ago and causing her mood to spiral into sorrow. 
She was aware that Sigrun was his official girlfriend and was recognized by both families. Moreover, she had already reminded herself not to feel discouraged over it. 
However, the moment she saw them together, she didn't know how to handle the pain and sadness she felt. 
She stood there blankly until both of them finally noticed her. 
"Ms. Susan, I'm surprised to see you here!" 
Sigrun was delighted to see her. Ignoring Ian, she rushed to Susan's side without any hesitation. 
"Ms. Susan, we were just heading over to your faculty to find you. Now that you're here, we can head out together. Vivian and Kurt are already waiting for US at the school entrance." 
She hugged Susan's arm in a familiar manner. 
Even though the latter felt uneasy about it, she kept it to herself. Finally, she threw Ian a glance before the three of them headed to the school entrance. 
It was early spring in Atlantius. The ice had already melted away while the trees on both sides of the campus were starting to bud, setting the stage for a gorgeous spring scene. 
Just like that, Susan was led to the school entrance with Sigrun hanging off her arm. 
"Wow, you guys are finally here! Get in quick. I'm famished." Vivian, who had been waiting for a while, hurried them into the car. 
Naturally, Sigrun pulled Susan over to her side. 
Just when she arrived in front of the car, she suddenly glanced at it and suggested, "Ms. Susan, get in. You can see the scenery outside by taking the window seat." 
Since it seemed like a well-intentioned arrangement, Susan complied. 
The moment she got in, Sigrun followed and sat by her side.
As a result, Ian had no choice but to sit next to Sigrun by the other window. 
Meanwhile, Kurt didn't say a word after glancing in the rearview mirror. 
"Kurt, let's go. I'm hungry." 
Vivian was even more oblivious of the situation. 
After getting into the front passenger seat, she urged him to drive, her stomach rumbling in the background. 
The drive to Adalyn's house wasn't that far. Nonetheless, their car drove over a hump on the way there. 
Thump! 
Even though the impact was slight, Sigrun's entire body fell into Ian's arms. 
Both Susan and Kurt were rendered speechless. 
"Ah, I'm sorry, Ian. I happened to have lost my balance. Are you all right?" Sigrun quickly sat upright as she explained apologetically. 
Furrowing his brows, Ian shook his head calmly. "I'm fine." 
Sigrun smiled in delight. 
After that, she took out her phone from her pocket and seized upon the opportunity to suggest, "Ian, I wasn't able to beat the game I was playing yesterday. Can you teach me how to do it? I died many times trying." 
After handing her phone over, she leaned her head closer to him.
When Ian took the phone, a look of disappointment flashed past Susan's face before she turned to look elsewhere. 
Ian is a germophobe with an unsociable character. Thus, it isn't easy for someone to get close to him. But now, he not only agreed to teach her how to play games but also doesn't mind holding her phone. 
As Susan's anguish intensified, she felt her heart ache just from breathing while looking out the window. At the same time, the burning sensation in her eyes made the drive to Adalyn's home a tormenting one. 
After everyone alighted from the car, she headed to the washroom where she lingered alone for a long time. 
"Oh? Where's Aunt Susan? Where did she disappear to?" 
"Let me find her. She might have lost her way." 
Sigrun swiftly got to her feet to look for Susan. 
"Ms. Susan, why are you here? What's wrong? Why do you look so pale? Are you sick?" she asked anxiously when she found Susan in the washroom looking unsettled. 
###Chapter 1879
Chapter 1879
Obviously, Susan wasn't going to tell her the real reason. 
She cooked up a random excuse by saying that she was carsick before coming out of the washroom. 
Unexpectedly, Sigrun leaned into her ear and whispered, "By the way, Ms. Susan, since my birthday is next week, there's something I would like to seek your opinion on." 
Go on. 
"I have a friend who encouraged me to ask Ian how he is going to celebrate my birthday for me. Do you think I should do that?" 
Sigrun stared at Susan earnestly and asked a question that was equivalent to twisting a knife in her heart. 
At that moment, Susan's ears were ringing. 
For the first time in her life, she felt the urge to flee. In fact, it would be best if there was a place for her to hide and not hear such a sound ever again. 
Why would she ask him that? Can it be that he has celebrated her birthday with her before? No, they have only known each other for half a year. Hence, the timeline doesn't match. But the fact that she would say such a thing only means that they are close to each other. 
Finally, Susan heard herself ask, "Has he celebrated a special occasion with you before?" 
Sigrun nodded. "He has. During Christmas last year, he went to the amusement park with me. We even had a blast riding the carousel together." 
A vibrant smile emerged on her face as if she was visualizing what happened that day.
In the meantime, Susan's face lost all color. 
Just when she felt as if she was about to be tormented to death, someone appeared behind them. 
"What are both of you still doing here? The food is getting cold." 
Upon seeing it was Kurt, Sigrun quickly ended the conversation and ran back to the dining room. 
Susan slowly followed behind her. 
Kurt asked, "Are you all right?" 
"I'm fine. I just feel a little dizzy. It's probably just the carsickness." 
She made up an excuse to hide her true feelings. 
Even though Kurt didn't expose her lie, he had a question for her when they were about to reach the dining room. 
"What was up with you and Ian in the morning?" 
Susan didn't know how to reply. 
Turning abruptly to face him, Susan instantly forgot her troubles from a moment ago and blushed up to her ears. 
"What makes you say that?" 
"He wore mismatched socks today." 
After a long pause, Kurt made a comment that blew Susan's mind.
When she hurried back to the dining room, Ian was sitting upright at the table. Trailing her gaze down to his feet, she noticed that the designs of his socks didn't match at all. 
Consequently, she was dumbfounded for a long time as a warm sensation filled her heart. 
Vivian invited, "Aunt Susan, what are you standing there for? Come over and have your lunch." 
"Sure." 
As a smile graced her face again, she made a conscious choice to sit by Ian's side. 
Ian, who was in the middle of his meal, showed no ion at all. 
However, Sigrun's expression turned grim. 
"Ian, don't take so much mustard as you have a weak stomach. You should have this instead." 
Susan served him a portion of cod. 
After glancing at it, Ian didn't say anything as he began to dig in. 
At last, Susan could enjoy her meal. 
Half an hour later, everyone was done. Usually, their routine after the meal was to rest for a while before returning to school. Since this was Susan's first visit, Vivian took the initiative to show the former the room where she could rest. 
At that moment, Sigrun piped up again, "Ms. Susan, let me tidy up your room for you."
"It's fine. You should go ahead and get some rest. I'll get the butler to help me." That was the first time Susan rejected her. Subsequently, she turned around and went off to find the butler, leaving Sigrun there with an awkward expression on her face. 
Nonetheless, that wasn't the last of it. Just when Sigrun was feeling groggy in her room, she suddenly saw a familiar figure walk out from one of the rooms along the corridor. 
Ian? 
Her sleepiness disappeared the moment she saw him. 
She had made no mistake, for it was indeed Ian. 
Holding his phone, he had come out after receiving a message. He proceeded to the garden to look for the girl who sent the message seeking his help. 
"Ian, you're finally here! I-I'm sorry. S-Since this is my first time trying to fix this, I have no choice but to ask you for help." 
In the garden, Susan was standing on the lawn where the grass shoots had just begun to sprout. Her face and hair were dripping with water as she held a broken tap in her hand. 
Truthfully, she had not meant for this to happen. She had merely wanted to wash her hands before going to rest. Unexpectedly, she ended up breaking the tap by accident. 
Susan watched as Ian approached her. 
"Why are you washing your hands here?" 
"Huh?" 
Susan felt even more awkward when asked that.
"1-1 was too shy to use the bathroom. The room given to me looks like the master bedroom, so I assumed it likely belongs to Lady Adalyn. Hence, it isn't my place to use it as an outsider," Susan explained with her face red all over. 
###Chapter 1880
Chapter 1880
From the way she spoke, he could tell that she was a very refined girl. 
Ian did not say anything. Instead, he took the broken tap from her hand. 
Although it was broken, the tap could still be used. Once Ian removed the inner part, he tinkered with the tap using his long and slim fingers. 
The very next moment, the tap had been fixed. 
Susan was dumbfounded. 
How can someone who doesn't know how to care for himself or interact with others be able to accomplish this? Unbelievable! 
She was so stunned that her eyes were as wide as dinner plates. 
Ian asked, “What's wrong?" 
He looked displeased. 
From the startled look on her face, Ian could see a hint of disbelief. 
Does she think so lowly of me? 
"N-Nothing. I just find you very amazing," explained Susan in a hurry. However, her eyes truly were sparkling when she was praising him. 
All of a sudden, Ian felt uncomfortable. 
Then again, even he would not admit to himself that he was actually pleased by her praise.
In the afternoon, everyone returned to the school. Susan needed to get accustomed to the school environment because she had just gotten there. Therefore, she worked hard and did not leave the classroom for the entire afternoon. 
That afternoon, for some reason, quite a number of people in her faculty found out that she was the aunt of the twins who were in the Faculty of Finance and the Faculty of Design. 
“Aunt? The age gap between them isn't that huge. How can she be their aunt?" 
"That's how their country is. People have lots of children. By the time the oldest child has their own child, the age of that child is about the same as the youngest sibling." 
"Hahaha!" 
The entire faculty started gossiping about it. 
By the time Susan knew about it, almost everyone was aware. 
“Limmer, I heard that gorgeous boy in the Faculty of Finance is your nephew?" 
“That's right, Limmer. Before this, I noticed that you were always looking for him. I thought you had a thing for him. It turns out that both of you are related. So, is your nephew's relationship with his girlfriend true?" 
"That goes without saying. Even his aunt is already here. Tell me, Limmer. Are you here to keep an eye on them?" 
Susan was speechless. 
Several of them came up to her and asked about Ian and Sigrun.
Unknowingly, they spoke to Susan the same they would with their own aunts, in a tone full of respect. 
Susan's face turned pale as she stared at them. 
She wanted to give them an explanation, but she recalled the advice given by people from the White House before she left. 
Now that her status was different from before, she could not divulge any information freely for the sake of her own safety, otherwise, no one could guarantee what might happen to her in a foreign country. 
In the end, Susan made a run for it. 
“Ms. Susan, what's wrong with you? Why are you sweating? Did something happen?" 
Just then, Sigrun appeared out of nowhere as Susan ran out of the Faculty of Accounting building. 
Susan stopped in her tracks. 
When she saw Sigrun, a thought flashed across her mind. 
It had been quite some time since she last had any suspicion about people around her. Since the matter with Yasmin and Maurice had been resolved and she had been accepted back into the Limmer family, she did not think she would be in danger again. 
After that, she had grown complacent and not bothered to overthink things. 
Susan stared at the other female. 
“Are you the one behind this?" 
"What are you talking about?"
In that instant, Sigrun's face changed. 
"What did I do? Ms. Susan, what are you talking about?" 
"I have always found it strange that you would appear in front of me every single time something happens to me. It's as if you are expecting it," said Susan as she stared at Sigrun coldly. 
That's right. She really does appear every time something happens to me. It's too much of a coincidence. The incident where I failed the test was particularly suspicious. 
Come to think of it, it felt as if Sigrun had been leading her in that direction. The entire incident seemed to have happened so naturally, but when she recalled what had happened, she found that everything had been done deliberately. 
"I-I don't know what you are talking about. Ms. 
Susan, it's just a coincidence that I showed up in front of you. You shouldn't accuse me for no reason. If you don't like it, I will leave now." 
The moment Sigrun realized that the situation was not in her favor, she wanted to get away. 
When Susan saw that, she did not stop her either. 
However, before Sigrun turned around to leave, Susan added, “I hope this will be the last time. If it happens again, I won't let you off." 
Sigrun was dumbfounded. 
“Also, since you have started this, then let me inform you officially. That's right. I came here because of Ian. He's mine!"
She had openly staked her claim on Ian! 
That declaration truly stunned Sigrun. 
She paused in her steps and turned around swiftly. Disbelief was written all over her face. 
"What rubbish are you talking about? He's your nephew!" 
"No, he isn't. His family name is Hayes. Mine is Limmer. We aren't related." 
"But, he has been addressing you as Aunt Susan for over ten years! Everyone is aware of it. How can you be so shameless and end up desiring your own nephew?" 
Sigrun blew her top and started scolding Susan while pointing an angry finger at the latter. 
In an instant, Susan turned pale. 
###Chapter 1881
Chapter 1881
"Yes, that's right. He has been addressing me as Aunt Susan for more than ten years. However, if we are unrelated, we are unrelated. You are the one who has done wrong. How dare you try to use morality on me?" 
Susan sounded very calm when she said that. 
Sigrun was stumped. 
"Sigrun, if the war hadn't broken out back then, I would have been treated like a precious gem by the Limmer family just like you have been. As a victim, I couldn't choose my environment when I was growing up. Regardless, this cannot be your reason for attacking me. By doing so, Ian will only hate you even more once he finds out about it. He will definitely keep away from you." 
After Susan calmed herself down, she did not reprimand Sigrun. Instead, she went on to analyze the situation for the younger woman and remind her that it was not to her advantage if she continued with her antics. 
Sigrun was astonished. 
What is she doing? 
"What do you mean? You don't blame me?" 
"I didn't say that. But if you really like him, then you shouldn't become such a horrible person. Your ruthlessness may get you what you want, but can you guarantee that he will never find out?" Susan reminded her once again. 
This time around, Sigrun was utterly lost for words. She could only stare at Susan with her crimson face as if someone had just slapped her.
She had never met a girl who was so generous. 
Or maybe this is Susan's grand scheme. Didn't she say that she likes Ian too? She has only just declared her feelings for him a while ago, so why is she telling me all these now? By trying to guide me, isn't she worried that I will win him over? 
Sigrun glanced at her. It was only after a long while before she heard herself ask, "Aren't you afraid that I will win his heart?" 
Susan laughed. 
"It's not your call. He isn't an ; he's a person. If he likes you, I will never win him over no matter how much I cling to him and vice versa. Isn't that right?" 
Sigrun was speechless, unable to formulate a response to that. 
At that moment, whether Sigrun chose to admit it or not, she knew she was not as good as her rival in love. 
In the end, she watched Susan walk away. 
Half an hour later when she returned to her dorm, she finally managed to get some information on the two of them. 
"Are you talking about Susan Jadeson and her nephew? Yes, they have a very good relationship. By the looks of it, they must be a couple now." 
"A couple?" 
When Sigrun heard that, she clenched her fists.
Although she told herself to be generous as well, she still could not help but feel jealous when she heard about their true relationship. 
"That's right. Back then, there was a girl named Yasmin Snow who liked Ian very much. When she saw how close Susan was to her nephew, Yasmin wanted to kill her. Luckily, the police managed to apprehend her, and she surrendered herself. 
Unfortunately, that incident shook the entire school. Later on, when Ian's dad found out about it, he became furious and took his son out of the school." 
"How about Susan? What happened to her after that?" 
"She went to a faraway village in Yeringham to do charity work. I think she was being punished too. An incestuous love relationship between an aunt and her nephew will never be accepted by the grown ups," said her friend on the phone. 
Sigrun instantly let out a sigh of relief when she heard that. 
So, it seems that the Jadesons don't approve of their relationship, as it should be. Although the two of them have no blood relation, they are still aunt and nephew in everyone's eyes. 
It's okay if Susan doesn't care about what others say. But, as the most powerful family in Jadeborough, the Jadesons will certainly mind what others say. 
At that thought, Sigrun finally felt at ease. 
Immediately, she moved back to the apartment once more and never made things difficult for Susan again. Instead, she became nicer to Ian and even looked after Susan as well.
"Aunt Susan, you're cooking? Let me help you." 
"Aunt Susan, here, let me wash the dishes." 
"Aunt Susan..." 
Every day, she kept calling Susan in a sweet way, even changing the way she addressed Susan. 
Susan was exceptionally intelligent, so she knew what was going on. As such, she decided not to expose Sigrun. Since the latter was so eager to prove herself, Susan let her be. However, she did not let her touch the dog that she had brought back. 
"Lotus, shall we go for a walk?" 
That day, she was about to walk the dog after washing the dishes. 
The moment Sigrun saw that, she jumped up and said, "Aunt Susan, can I come with you? I also want to walk the dog." 
Susan was at a loss for words. 
I suppose she wants to be more familiar with the dog. After all, Ian seems to have taken more interest In it recently. 
Susan turned her down. "It's fine. I will be meeting Ian. Lotus won't be comfortable if there are too many people. Just go ahead and do your own things." 
After that, she went downstairs with Lotus in her arms. Tilting her head back to look up at the lit window, she yelled, "Ian, let's go. We are going to walk the dog 
Sigrun also looked up and saw Ian's silhouette appearing at the window upstairs.
###Chapter 1882
Chapter 1882
He merely looked down at her and kept mum. 
However, Sigrun soon heard a set of footsteps walking down the stairs. 
Around ten minutes later, both of them were seen taking the dog out for a walk. From a distance, one could see both their elongated shadows under the streetlights on both sides of the road. 
"Ian, where shall we go today? We went to the east side yesterday." 
"Let's go to the west, then." Although Ian's tone was monotonous, there was a hint of warmth. 
Susan was overjoyed when she heard that. 
She then held on to the leash and patted the dog on its head. "Lotus, let's have a competition, shall we? Let's see who arrives there first." 
Ian remained silent. 
"Woof!" the dog barked. 
With that, it lifted its legs and ran into the distance. 
Left behind, Susan chased after it and shouted, "Hey, Lotus! How could you just run away? stop right there! stop!" 
At that moment, the whole street could hear her shouting. 
Ian was utterly perplexed, and the veins on his forehead throbbed. How silly can this woman be? 
He ran after them as well, but when he finally caught up with her, the dog was nowhere to be seen. As for Susan, she was seen bending down and rubbing her knee. 
"What happened? Did you fall?" Ian asked. 
"What?" Susan didn't dare to raise her head. This is so humiliating! 
With her head still lowered, she suddenly saw a shadow in front of her. Ian then squatted down in front of her and looked at her trousers. 
Susan was stunned. 
"Bear with it for a while.” Ian reached out his hands and rolled up her trousers. Right then, he saw the wound on Susan's knee. 
In fact, the injury was quite serious. 
As Susan was gasping in pain, she saw Ian's gaze turned gloomy. 
"Are you a pig or something?" 
"What?" Susan was dumbfounded, and she was at a loss. Pig? Did he just call me a pig? Am I not his aunt? How dare he call me a pig? 
When Susan raised her gaze toward him, she could feel her heart pounding. 
"All right. Let's head back and deal with your wound." Ian stood up and got ready to help her walk. 
Susan was still in a daze. In that split second, she made a bold decision. "1-1 can't walk... It hurts."
"What?" Ian glanced at her in disbelief. In fact, he was not convinced. She can't walk? It's just a minor injury, no? I would be stupid to believe her words. 
Susan immediately averted her gaze when she saw him looking at her. Under the dim lights, one could definitely see her pale face blushing. Besides, her watery and clear eyes looked rather pitiful. 
Ian froze momentarily upon seeing that. 
Subconsciously, he bent down in front of her and said, "Come on." 
"Okay." Susan was delighted. 
She reached out her fair and slender hands and wrapped them around Ian's shoulders before climbing onto his back. 
That was the first time they were that close to one another. 
When she got onto his back, she could feel the warmth radiating through his body. At that moment, her heart was racing, and she was blushing. 
Needless to say, she loved every second of it. 
"Thank you, Ian." 
"Hmm." 
It was as if he had blurted out his reply without even realizing it. 
When he eventually regained his composure, his mind was a mess. Why did I do this? Have I gone mad?
Although he was shocked, he realized he wasn't particularly annoyed by what was happening. It seems like I've indeed gone mad! 
There, both of them made their way through the empty and silent sidewalk. Since it was chilly that night, the street was rather desolate. 
Hence, only both of them were seen walking down the street. 
While she was on his back, Susan wanted to say something, but she couldn't find a topic to talk about. In the end, she merely wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned on his back to feel his warmth. 
At the same time, she could even feel his heartbeat. In that blissful moment, she was happy and contented. 
"Ian, are you guys back? You guys-" Someone had ruined the blissful moment. 
When Sigrun appeared and saw what was happening, she was at a loss for words. At the same time, she kept pointing her finger at them. 
Ian's expression changed instantly when he saw that. He then quickly let go of his hands and let Susan down. "She... she fell." 
Susan remained silent. When she was watching Ian trying his best to distance himself from her, she was devastated. 
"Even if she had fallen down, you shouldn't have piggybacked her! She's your aunt. Y-You could've called me or Kurt, no? Kurt is in the apartment as well!" Sigrun blurted emotionally. 
###Chapter 1883
Chapter 1883
Upon hearing that, Ian fell into silence. 
Ian's face was flushed with embarrassment and panic. In fact, he looked like he had done something shameful, and he had nothing to say to defend himself. Susan then saw Ian running back into the apartment. 
Right then, disappointment crushed Susan like a boulder. 
She had no idea how to describe what she was feeling at that precise moment, but if being on Ian's back was heaven, then what she had just encountered had made her feel like she was in hell. 
She had never felt so devastated before in her life. 
"Susan, what you did tonight was brilliant, but did you see that? You've lost. He actually cares about these things. Although you keep saying there's nothing going on between the both of you, I don't think he's on the same page as you.” Sigrun stared at her and added salt to her wound. 
Hearing that, Susan felt even worse. 
That night, she had no idea how she returned home, nor did she know how the night went by. All she could remember was that when the sun came up, she was still sitting in her chair and staring blankly at the window. Back then, he wasn't the slightest bit bothered. On the other hand, it was me. I was scared, and I had backed away. That was what caused US to separate in the first place. After that, Ian decided to forget all about it. Why does he care again now that I'm back? Is this karma? Is this what I get for being a coward back then? 
Susan couldn't help but shiver when those thoughts ran through her mind. 
"Aunt Susan, are you up yet? We're going to have breakfast before going to class." Vivian knocked on her door worriedly when she didn't see Susan coming out of her room. 
Only then did Susan jolt to her senses after being in a daze all night long. "Vivi, I have something to deal with today, so I'll attend class later. You guys should just go ahead." 
"A-AII right..." With that, Vivian left. 
Half an hour later, Susan finally got up from her chair after everyone had left the apartment. She then dragged herself into the restroom like a mindless zombie. 
What am I supposed to do? I wouldn't have a chance if he had already blocked off his memory and built a barrier between US because of our familial ties. 
As she washed her face with cold water, she finally knew the pain Ian felt when she said those words to him back then. 
Susan headed out after that. Instead of going to her university, she went to the embassy. 
"Ms. Limmer, you’re here! I'm sorry, but I only found out you're studying here after receiving a phone call from the White House yesterday. Please look through the accommodation and transportation we've arranged for you and let US know If you're happy with the arrangements." 
It turned out that the embassy had specially arranged accommodation and a car for her right after receiving a phone call from the White House. 
Susan was slightly startled. So my identity has really changed, and these people had taken the initiative to attend to me. 
"Mister, is it okay if I take some time to think it through?"
"Sure! However, since you're a descendant of the Limmer family, Mdm. Bennett, the wife of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, would like to see you today. Will you be available? She's eager to meet you because she's an admirer of your grandpa," the person in charge of the embassy asked. 
The wife of the Minister of Foreign Affairs? Susan was confused, and she didn't know what to decide because she had never met someone of that status. 
"W-Why does she want to meet me? I don't understand. I'm just a student," Susan uttered. 
"It's nothing. She just wants to have a meal with you." The person in charge smiled. 
Without a choice, Susan agreed. 
That day, Susan spent a long time at Mdm. Bennett's house and she didn't go to the university. She didn't inform Vivian and the rest because the person in charge told her they would send her back in the afternoon. 
However, in the afternoon, something came up, and Mdm. Bennett had to leave. "Ms. Limmer, would you like to visit the museum? I heard that the museum has things that belonged to your grandfather. If you do, I can get you there." 
"Really?” Susan's eyes lit up. 
Although she had never met her grandfather before, all she had for him was admiration. Besides, she was related to him, so she wanted to know more about him. 
Susan agreed to visit the museum. Before Mdm. Bennett excused herself, she told a second lieutenant of the embassy, Vincent, to send Susan there. 
"Ms. Limmer, this way, please." Vincent was around twenty-five, and he was a handsome man.
Apparently, he was also from an aristocratic family. 
Despite that, he treated Susan with the utmost politeness. 
After getting into the car, Susan asked, "Is the place we're going far from here? I might have to go home in a while, otherwise, my friends will get worried about me.” 
As Vincent was driving, he looked at the beautiful Astorian girl through the rear-view mirror and comforted her, "It's about half an hour away. Don't worry, Ms. Limmer. After the museum, I'll send you back personally." 
###Chapter 1884
Chapter 1884
Susan breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing that. Since he'll send me back, I have nothing to worry about. 
She didn't ask anything further after that. She also didn't leave Vivian and the others a message because she thought she would be home right after her visit to the museum. 
However, Vivian and the others were looking for her at noon that day because Susan didn't tell them where she went. 
"This is weird. Where is Aunt Susan? Where did she go? Why isn't she here for lunch?” 
Kurt was quite well-informed, so he answered, "I think someone from the embassy came to look for her.” 
The embassy? Everyone was stunned upon hearing that. Ian was quite startled as well, and he looked at Kurt with a frown. 
"What's with the embassy? Why did they look for her?" Vivian asked. 
Vivian was worried about Susan. After all, it was rare to hear about an embassy looking for a student like them. 
At the same time, Sigrun pricked up her ears. 
"I think they've found out about her identity. Her grandpa, Louis Limmer, came here to study before. Perhaps, an old acquaintance wants to meet her,” Kurt explained casually. 
Goodness! As soon as those words were spoken, all sorts of facial expressions were seen in the dining room. 
Vivian looked surprised. Who would've thought Aunt Susan would have an acquaintance here? This is good news! 
Indeed, she was genuinely happy for Susan. 
Sigrun's face, on the other hand, fell instantly. She was shocked and angry at the same time. Within a few seconds, her eyes were filled with jealousy. 
Since she was from a prominent family, she had always been proud of her social status. 
As for Susan, her status of being a descendant of the Limmer family had never meant anything. Hence, Sigrun was surprised by the fact that Susan would be treated with respect in a foreign land. 
Judging by what happened, Susan seemed to have surpassed her in terms of social status. 
Sigrun was overwhelmed by jealousy. 
After lunch, everyone went to rest. When Kurt saw Ian walking up the stairs, he approached Ian and asked, "Go fetch her later, okay?” 
"O-Oh... Okay." Surprisingly, Ian agreed. 
Upon hearing that, Kurt smiled and passed him his car keys. 
When he walked toward Vivian, she looked at him confusedly. "Kurt, who did you ask Ian to fetch?" 
"Your Aunt Susan." 
"What?" Vivian scratched her head puzzledly. "Why does he need to fetch Aunt Susan? Wouldn't someone send her back here? Didn't you say someone from the embassy had picked her up?”
"Well, why should we trouble the others, right?" Kurt uttered patiently. 
Knowing that she would ask further, he grabbed her by her shirt and brought her to the room upstairs for a nap. 
Time flew by, and it was already nearing dusk. 
Susan noticed the time, and she wanted to head back. "Mdm. Bennett, it's getting late. I should head home now." 
"Oh?" Mdm. Bennett got up from her seat abruptly. "Are you in a rush? I thought you would stay for dinner. Do you see that fountain pen over there? That used to be your grandpa's. It caught your attention just now, didn't it? I was told that the fountain pen would be sold at an auction tonight." She pointed at the fountain pen Susan was looking at prior to that and persuaded her to stay. 
Wow! Susan was intrigued right away. 
Although they had already moved into the Limmer family's ancestral home, the house had been used as a tourist attraction spot before. Hence, nothing in the house belonged to the Limmer family. 
Susan decided to stay because she wanted to take that fountain pen home. 
When Vincent saw that, he continued his task by bringing Susan to the auction. He had even told her about the procedures there. 
"Ms. Limmer, don't be nervous. The auction is basically for charity. Hence, the prices won’t be astronomical," he said. 
"Is that so?" Susan was still worried.
Vincent nodded. When they arrived at the auction, he picked up a list of items for auction and showed it to Susan. At the same time, he was explaining to her the rules and regulations of the auction. 
Since it was Susan's first time attending such an event, she listened to him attentively. 
At six in the evening, everyone was getting ready for dinner. Upon seeing that, Mdm. Bennett wanted to take Susan to the party so that she could introduce Susan to her friends. "Susan, may I address you this way?" 
"Of course,” Susan quickly answered. 
Mdm. Bennett was elated, and she brought Susan to the party. Immediately, Susan arrived in a magnificently decorated ballroom, and all the men there were dressed in suits. 
Besides, the ladies present were all dressed in expensive clothes. As they were all chatting over glasses of wine, they looked like people with higher social status. 
###Chapter 1885
Chapter 1885
"Ms. Limmer, let's go over there." "Okay." Susan was getting more and more nervous. 
Right then, a beautiful and graceful woman spotted them. With a surprised expression, she approached them with a glass of wine in her hand. "Vincent, what's this?" 
Vincent was standing right beside Susan, and his expression suddenly turned awkward. "Mom..." 
Susan froze momentarily before realizing that the woman was Vincent's mother. 
"Wow! This Astorian girl is pretty! Are you going to introduce her to me? Where is she from?" The woman was very happy with what she saw, so she asked Vincent to introduce Susan to her. 
In response, Vincent uttered awkwardly, "This is Mdm. Bennett's guest. She's from the Limmer family, and she's Mr. Louis Limmer's descendant. Mdm. 
Bennett invited her here." 
"Goodness!" Those words didn't only shock Vincent's mother, but everyone else in the ballroom, as well. 
Suddenly, everyone turned to look at Susan. Louis Limmer? 
They knew Louis because he was a powerful and influential man in the country. He's one of the most respected men in the world. Besides, his possessions can be found in the museum now! 
Everyone in the ballroom started approaching Susan. 
At the same time, Vincent's mother was filled with excitement. "Vincent, Mdm. Bennett has done well this time around!" 
"What are you on about, Mom?" Vincent blushed at his mother's frankness. He then stopped his mother from saying anything further because he was worried that Susan could overhearthem. 
In fact, Vincent was rather mesmerized by Susan the moment he laid eyes on her. 
Susan wasn't aware of what was going on. Instead, she was eagerly waiting for the auction to begin. 
Buzz! 
Suddenly, her phone vibrated. 
When she took out her phone, she saw a text from Vivian that read: Aunt Susan, are you not coming back yet? It's getting dark! 
Susan replied: Vivi, I'm not done yet, so I think I'll be home late. By the way, someone will send me back. Don't worry. 
Susan didn't want the others to worry about her, so she just told them someone was going to send her home. 
Vivian fell silent upon reading Susan's reply. 
She put her phone aside and turned toward the person behind her, who was waiting for her updates. "Aunt Susan said someone will send her back. Is Ian still going to fetch her?" 
"He doesn't need to now. Most probably, the embassy had already arranged for someone to send her back. I don't think it's nice of us to go over and disrupt their arrangements," Sigrun suggested. 
No one in the apartment said a word after hearing that, not even Kurt. 
However, Susan still wasn't home by eight that night. Since no one had gone to fetch her, no one knew what was Susan up to because none of them had heard from her. 
Prior to that, Kurt was still waiting for Ian to make his move. However, it was getting late, and Ian didn't seem like he was going to fetch Susan. 
Kurt's gaze darkened, and he went up to Ian. "Ian, are you not going to fetch her?" 
"What?" Ian turned around in the middle of his video game. 
At that moment, Kurt had a weird feeling about Ian. Why does he not take the initiative to do anything anymore? It's as if he has lost all sense of reasoning. 
"Ian, aren't you worried about her? It's getting late," Kurt said. 
After keeping mum for a while, Ian frowned. At that moment, he still had his headset on. 
Surprisingly, he suddenly blurted, "You can fetch her, no?" 
Kurt was stunned and annoyed. 
Without saying a word, he walked toward Ian and pulled his headset off. He then dragged Ian off of his chair and said, "Quick, go fetch her. I'm not even eighteen yet. If I'm caught driving on the main road, they might toll my car away." 
Kurt's tone was quite commanding. 
Left without a choice, Ian took the car key and headed out. 
When Sigrun heard the commotion from inside the restroom, she wanted to stop Ian. However, Kurt appeared in front of her out of nowhere with a cold aura.
"K-Kurt?" 
"Isn't it late already? Go to bed. You should stay out of matters that don't concern you," Kurt uttered coldly without holding back. 
Sigrun was pissed after getting reprimanded. 
However, she was too scared of Kurt to say anything in retaliation. 
Finally, Ian drove away. 
It was almost nine when he arrived at the museum. By then, the auction had ended. 
"Ms. Limmer, you've finally gotten what you want. This trip is worth it now that you've gotten your hands on your grandpa's fountain pen." 
When Ian arrived at the magnificently decorated ballroom, he caught sight of a familiar figure. 
However, he also saw a handsome young man dressed in military uniform standing in front of the girl. 
Ian's pupils began to constrict. 
###Chapter 1886
Chapter 1886
“Speaking of which, I need to thank you. If you didn't help me by lending me the money, I won't be able to get my grandpa's fountain pen," Susan thanked him as she was very grateful to Vincent. 
Indeed, during the auction, the price of the fountain pen eventually reached fifty thousand. The price could be even higher if Susan wasn't a descendant of the Limmer family. 
However, Susan didn't have fifty thousand on her. 
In the end, Vincent paid for her. 
"Don't worry, Mr. Vincent, I'll pay you back the money as soon as possible," Susan uttered awkwardly, and she was determined to pay Vincent back. 
In response, Vincent merely replied with a smile, "You don't have to, Ms. Limmer. You're still a student. You can pay me back when you start work in the future." 
"Oh, no. I'll work and study at the same time. I'll be able to pay you back in no time," Susan quickly answered. 
As soon as her words fell, Vincent's handsome face was filled with disbelief. "You're able to work and study at the same time?" 
“Why not?" Susan flashed a faint smile and was about to leave. 
Since it was getting late, she thought Vivian and the others would get worried about her. 
Upon hearing Susan's answer, Vincent suddenly said, "If you can do that, you should come and work at the Foreign Affairs Department, Ms. Limmer. Mdm. Bennett told me you're studying accounting. 
Coincidentally, the Foreign Affairs Department needs someone like you."
"Oh?" Susan was dumbstruck, and she didn't know how to react. Did Christmas come early this year? 
Right then, she heard the sound of a sports car engine igniting. 
Vroom! 
Susan immediately turned toward the sound and saw a red Lamborghini driving away at a high speed. She didn't react in time because everything happened so quickly. What was that? 
The car had disappeared from sight. 
Susan was at a loss for words. Wait. Was that... 
"Security, what just happened?" Vincent asked. 
"Mr. Vincent, that person arrived not long ago, and it seemed like he was here to fetch someone. He had even asked me what time the auction will end. 
However, he left all of a sudden." The security guard was quite perplexed as well when he saw the car speeding away. 
Susan abruptly blanked out when she heard that. Ian? 
She immediately dashed out of the building and ran toward the direction the car had gone. 
However, the car was long gone. All that was left was the cloud of smoke left behind by the sports car. 
In an instant, Susan turned pale.
She quickly whipped out her smartphone and rang him, but his number was unreachable. 
Susan was at a loss for words. 
Vincent went after her and saw her in a daze while standing in the middle of the road with her smartphone in her hand. Hence, he asked concernedly, "What's wrong, Ms. Limmer? Did something happen?" 
To his dismay, Susan wasn't in the mood to entertain him. 
"I'm sorry, Mr. Vincent, but I have to go now. I'll contact you when I'm free." 
With that, Susan left. 
When Vincent saw her leaving, he chased after her and said, "It's late now. Let me send you back, okay? It's not safe out there." 
Susan wanted to get Vincent to leave and let her be, so she pleaded, "That's not necessary. Someone's here to fetch me, and he's just right in front. Please leave me be, Mr. Vincent. Please." 
That was the only thing she could do at that moment because she was on the verge of a breakdown. If that was Ian, he's going to be mad! He's the type of person who gets jealous easily. Back then, when we were in Yeringham, he wouldn't even let me talk to the men in the village. 
In order to get Vincent to leave, Susan got into a taxi. 
After Vincent left, Susan turned back and went to a cafe opposite the museum. 
She was hoping that Ian would go back to get her.
After a few hours of waiting alone in the cafe, all the patrons had left, and the owner of the cafe was about to close the cafe. Susan swept a glance at the empty cafe. Ian was nowhere to be seen. 
He's not coming back, is he? Susan lowered her head and couldn't help but sob. 
Creak! 
Right then, someone entered the cafe that was about to close. 
"I'm sorry, mister. We're about to close-" 
The rest of the sentence got stuck in the waiter's throat because he saw the handsome young man with an imposing aura walking toward the girl who had been sitting there for hours. 
Clank! 
The sound of a car key being thrown onto the table resonated across the empty cafe. 
Susan was frightened by the sound, and she abruptly raised her gaze. With tears in her eyes, she just stared blankly at the person who approached her. 
###Chapter 1887
Chapter 1887
After getting into the car, Susan could still feel Ian's imposing aura, so she didn't dare to utter a word. Instead, she just sat obediently in the back seat and looked out the window. 
There was nothing but dead silence in the car. 
Although Ian was driving very fast, the car was so soundproof that all Susan could hear was the sound of the air conditioning blowing. 
Without even realizing it, Susan was clenching her fists when she said, "The man that sent me out was a military officer in the embassy. Mdm. Bennett assigned him to protect me.” 
There was no response. 
Ever since he got here to study, it has been hard to get him to talk. That attitude of his is rather terrifying. After getting no response from him, Susan continued, "Also, he sent me down b-because l-l wanted to bid for something that belonged to my grandpa. However, I don't have enough money, so h- he-" 
Screech! 
Suddenly, the car came to a halt by the side of the road. 
I haven't even finished my sentence. Why did he suddenly stop the car? 
Frightened, Susan held her chest and gazed at the driver. She was so scared that she was even conscious of how loud she was breathing. 
"He lent you money?” 
"Y-Yes...” Susan stuttered after hearing his frightening tone.
Right after she answered him, his aura had become even more terrifying. "Are you stupid? There are so many people at home. Why didn't you just call home?" 
"1-1 wanted to, b-but he had paid for it right away. Besides, I was at the auction. When he raised the paddle, t-the money was deducted from his account instantly." Susan was terrified, and she was on the verge of crying. 
As she was explaining herself in her shivering tone, she looked miserable. 
Indeed, there was nothing she could've done. 
She was told that the starting bid for the items was a hundred. Since it was for charity, Susan agreed to attend when Mdm. Bennett invited her. 
However, she didn't expect the people there to increase the price by ten thousand every time they bid. 
Ian's face was flushed red with fury. 
In fact, he didn't even know why he was so angry. As he stared ahead, he felt a fit of intense anger coursing through his veins. 
Ultimately, he asked, "How much?” 
Susan quickly whipped out the fountain pen and stammered, "F-Fifty thousand.” 
Ian went silent. He then took out his smartphone and tapped on the screen. Soon, he transferred a sum of money from his account. 
Susan was watching his movements from behind.
A while later, her smartphone vibrated. When she lowered her gaze to see her smartphone, she saw a notification saying that she had received a sum of money. 
"Five hundred thousand? Ian! Have you gone mad? Why did you give me so much money? I only needed fifty thousand!” 
"Shut up!" Ian yelled in annoyance. 
He then threw his smartphone aside and started driving again. 
Susan was rendered speechless. He has gone mad. He has really gone mad. Forget about it. I shouldn't annoy him anymore tonight. I'll just return him the money when he's in a better mood tomorrow. 
Susan didn't bother him anymore. Instead, she quickly transferred fifty thousand to Vincent, and she texted him: Mr. Vincent, here is the money. Thank you for helping me just now. 
Vincent replied: So soon? Didn't you say you have to work to get the money? How did you come up with the money so suddenly? Are you in trouble now? 
Vincent was thoughtful enough to ask if she was in any trouble after getting paid so soon. 
Trouble? Oh, yes. I am scared out of my wits! However, Susan felt relieved after seeing that Ian had calmed down. At that moment, she could see him focused on the dark road ahead. 
Susan replied: No. It's just that my family has arrived. I meant to call them when we were at the museum just now. 
Vincent texted: Oh, okay. Will you work at the embassy? 
Susan was just about to reply when she heard Ian asking, "Are you not done texting? Aren't you supposed to just return the money?"
Upon hearing that, Susan immediately put her phone away and sat quietly. Isn't he driving? How did he know I have returned the money and texted that man? Does he have eyes on the back of his head? I better not do anything anymore. 
After that, Susan fell asleep in the car after being out the whole day. Besides, she didn't even sleep well the night before. 
When Ian heard her slow and steady breathing, he checked on her through the rear-view mirror and saw her sleeping. He then slowed down the car immediately. 
Forty minutes later, they arrived outside the apartment building. 
"Ian...” Susan was awakened. When she opened her eyes and saw a familiar face, she subconsciously opened her arms.
###Chapter 1888
Chapter 1888
Ian was dumbfounded. 
Seeing that he was not moving, Susan threw herself at him. She wrapped her arms around him and buried her head in his neck groggily. 
Purring like a cat in its dream, she pleaded with him piteously, "Ian, I was wrong. D-Don't run away again, please? It was all my fault. I'll never back down again. Let's be together happily from now on, hmm?" 
Ian was thunderstruck. 
He was as motionless as a statue, and his mind went blank. He could neither hear nor sense anything. 
What's the matter with her? What did she mean? 
Why did she plead with me not to run away and to be together happily from now? I'm her nephew. Isn't it preposterous for her to say so? 
Her words had stirred ten magnitude turbulence in the young man's mind. Having lost some snippets of his memory, he was utterly overwhelmed. 
"Ian, you're back." Right then, a familiar voice sounded behind him. 
It was none other than Sigrun, who had surprisingly stayed up late to wait for them. 
Ian came to his senses in an instant. He was about to pull Susan away from his arms and push her into the car. 
"Hmm? What is Ms. Susan doing? Is she asleep? Let me help her upstairs." Sigrun volunteered, stifling her boiling rage. She had a hunch about the current situation from their interaction a while ago.
Ian was at a loss. The next second, he tightened his arms around Susan and said to Sigrun indifferently, "It's fine!" 
With that, he carried Susan down from the car, slammed the door shut, and headed straight upstairs. 
Sigrun was exasperated. A grimace distorted the sweet smile on her dainty face. Susan Limmer! Have you no shame? 
That night, Susan had a good night's sleep. 
"Aunt Susan, you're finally awake! Breakfast is ready. 
I heard you visited your grandpa's old friend yesterday and retrieved his memorable belonging at an auction!" Vivian chirped, grinning from ear to ear. She had rushed into the room excitedly when she discovered that Susan was awake. Undeniably, she was like the dazzling sun that brightened up everyone's day in the apartment. 
Susan felt refreshed after waking up from a deep sleep. 
She got out of bed and whipped out the fountain pen from the auction the day before to show Vivian. "This is the one." 
"Wow! What a unique fountain pen! I bet my great grandpa will be overjoyed if he sees this!" Vivian gasped admiringly, rejoicing earnestly at Susan's success in retrieving the memorable fountain pen. 
Susan smiled and put it away carefully. "Oh yeah! Isn't it about time to head for class? I'd better wash up now." 
Vivian giggled. "Aunt Susan, are you still dreaming? It's Saturday today. Anyway, we've decided to go fishing. Are you joining us?"
Fishing? 
Susan scratched her head, astounded by her suggestion. She could barely spare time for leisure activities at the moment. Apart from her studies, she had to grab the time to work and save money to pay off her debt of fifty thousand to someone. Hence, she could only turn Vivian down nicely. 
In the dining room, Sigrun was over the moon when she heard that Susan would not be joining them fishing. 
However, she pretended to sound disappointed as she said, "Oh, is it? Too bad we can only proceed with our plan without her. Anyway, we can enjoy eating the fish with her later." 
"Then what's your Aunt Susan busy with?" Kurt asked. 
Vivian thought for a while and said, "I think she said she had some homework to do. She doesn’t dare to take it too lightly since she has just arrived. She's afraid that she can't submit her work on time." 
Hearing that, Kurt did not ask further. 
Just as they were ready and about to set off half an hour later, Vivian realized that Ian did not step out of his room. 
"Ian, we're leaving now! What are you doing?" Vivian called out to him. 
"I'm not going!" he replied curtly. 
Vivian was stupefied. 
Meanwhile, Sigrun, seated in the living room, stood up and advanced toward his room hastily. "Ian, why did you suddenly change your mind? Didn't we decide on the plan during breakfast just now? I've already
made an appointment with the farm owner." "You guys can go ahead yourselves." Ian was sitting in front of the computer. He did not even turn around. 
Sigrun clenched her fists. 
"Just let him be. Even if he joins US, he won't fish. After all, he only sits aside and watches US whenever we go out and have fun," Kurt said. 
"Yeah, you got a point. Sigrun, it's all right. Since Ian doesn't want to go, just let him be. The three of US can still enjoy ourselves without him." Vivian rushed over to pull her arm and drag her away. 
Seeing that, Kurt left with them with the fishing equipment. 
Susan was oblivious to it as she was in the bathroom. By the time she stepped out, Vivian and the others had left. She cleaned up hastily and got ready to leave with her bag.
###Chapter 1889
Chapter 1889
"Hello, is it convenient for you if I go for the interview now?" "Okay! I'll be there soon!" She was on cloud nine after confirming the slot for the interview with the person on the other end of the line. Without wasting any more time, she dashed out of her bedroom after changing into her shoes. 
Little did she realize that someone else was still in the apartment. 
"l-lan? D-Didn't you go fishing with them?" 
She covered her nose due to the sudden pain and lifted her head, only to find Ian standing right in front of her. 
My goodness! I don't even know he's at home! Oh my! I'm sure he has found out my intention to get a part-time job! 
"Where are you going?" 
Indeed, no words could describe the grimness on his face. He looked like a predator who was ready to feast on his prey. 
Susan swallowed a lump in her throat. "I-Гт going for class..." 
Ian raised an eyebrow. 
"I-I'm going for an interview... I'm looking for a job!" Susan stammered, her head down. Intimidated by his imposing aura, she had no choice but to tell him the truth. 
"To pay me back?" 
"Y-Yeah! You lent me fifty thousand!" Susan lifted her head to look at him earnestly with crystal clear eyes.
"Are you sure it's fifty thousand?" Ian sneered. "Clearly I transferred five hundred thousand to you last night?" 
Susan was at a loss for words. Even though she did not have any evidence, at that very moment, she could not help but suspect that he intended to blackmail her. 
Eventually, she could only zip her mouth when he dragged her to a local securities firm. 
"Remember to jot down all the important data when I speak to them later. I'll look through it once we're back in the apartment." 
"O-Okay!" Susan responded at once. 
Shortly after, they entered a building and were welcomed by an Epean man dressed smartly in a suit. He led them into a conference room and introduced Ian to the others, "Everyone, he's the representative from Hayes Corporation. If you have any questions about securities, you may consult him now." 
"Mr. Hayes, nice to meet you!" 
"Mr. Hayes, it's indeed an honor to meet you in person!" 
The others in the conference room started greeting Ian formally. 
The formal occasion was indeed a culture shock for Susan. She could barely take her eyes off the young man alongside her at that moment. Unequivocally, he was a chip off the old block. At the sight of Ian exuding a vibe of nonchalance even when dealing formally with the others, she was in awe of him. 
Moments later, she took a seat next to Ian. She calmed herself down, and it did not take long before she was absorbed in the task assigned by him.
She was not a weak person in the first place. 
When the meeting finally ended, it was already almost two hours later. Susan had jotted down nearly twenty pages of data in her notebook. On top of that, she had even labeled them. 
"Did you jot down all the data?" 
Susan passed him the notebook and said, "Yeah, I've made a complete record. Those underlined in red stand for the stock they hope the Hayes Corporation will acquire. And those underlined in blue refer to the ones that are unstable at the moment." 
As she had stepped out of the apartment in a rush and she lacked working experience, she did not bring along her laptop and could only record the data in her notebook. 
Ian arched his brows the moment he set his eyes on her notebook. Evidently, he was impressed by her beautiful handwriting. 
"Ian?" 
"All right, I got it. Keep it first. It's almost noon. Let's have lunch before going back," Ian said placidly and retracted his gaze from her notebook. After turning off his laptop, he rose to his feet. 
Seeing that, Susan quickly followed behind him. 
As they reached the lobby and were about to step out of the building, Ian's phone rang. 
"Hello?" 
"Ian, are you at the securities firm? I think I saw you just now”
It was none other than Sigrun. 
Susan was unaware of that. She had automatically moved aside when Ian answered the call, knowing that it was impolite to stand beside someone when they were talking on the phone. 
Susan only approached Ian again after he ended his phone call, and she heard him say, "Sigrun is on the way. She's joining US for lunch." 
In a split second, Susan's good mood had been ruined. 
She was no saint. Surely, she would be unhappy if someone were to come in the way of them spending time alone together. 
Besides, she and Sigrun were well aware that they both took a fancy to Ian. Needless to say, she was sure that Sigrun was dropping by on purpose to rain on her parade. 
In the end, Susan had no choice but to head to the restaurant with Ian. 
She was overwhelmed with emotions when she realized that Sigrun had made a reservation in a high- end fine dining restaurant. The latter was seated next to the window, waiting for their arrival. The moment they showed up, she smiled blissfully and said, "Ian, this way! I've already ordered all your 
favorite food." 
Susan pretended not to see it. 
After she and Ian took their seats, Sigrun finally looked at her and feigned a sincere look. "Ms. Susan, what do you feel like eating? I'm sorry I don't know what you like to eat. I only ordered for Ian." 
"It's all right. Let me go through the menu." Susan took the menu on the table casually.
###Chapter 1890
Chapter 1890
Just as Susan was browsing through the menu, Sigrun, sitting opposite her, started again, "Oh yeah, Ms. Susan, how did you end up with Ian here? Ian, isn't the securities firm closed on Saturdays? What brings you here?" 
Susan looked up and threw her a glance. "I’m not sure. Ian brought me here." 
"Huh?" Sigrun was surprised when the quick-witted Susan threw the question back to the young man. A grimace distorted her dainty face. Pfft! How is it possible that she doesn't know anything? 
Since Ian came here to study, Solomon had been continuing to train him by assigning him tasks in Hayes Corporation. 
He would usually carry out the tasks when he did not need to attend classes. Some of the firms would even operate on weekends to match his timing. 
Even so, he didn't say he would bring someone along. I wanted to follow him and help him, but he never gave me the chance. God, this feels awful. 
"Have you made up your mind?" Ian piped up as he cast a look at Susan, who was still browsing through the menu with his obsidian eyes, paying no heed to Sigrun's questions. 
Susan did not reply. In actuality, she had not decided. 
Since she was young, she had been used to simple home-cooked food and had never dined extravagantly in such a luxurious restaurant before. Thus, she was unfamiliar with most of the fine dining dishes on the menu. 
"Hmm... I'll go for a steak and a glass of juice." In the end, she chose something common. 
The server took her orders and headed straight to the kitchen. 
Sigrun gazed at Ian and asked, "Ian, do you still need to continue with your tasks after lunch?" 
Ian cocked an eyebrow and finally replied, "No." 
No? 
Sigrun's unhappiness from a moment ago vanished in an instant. She was delighted when she suddenly remembered that one of her friends had invited her to a gathering that afternoon. 
"How about we go somewhere after this? Hannah has invited me to a gathering at her house this afternoon. I bet we'll have a lot of fun apart from savoring the delicious food there. Ian, let's go together, please?" She kept her eyes glued to him in anticipation. 
Ian used to accompany her to attend similar gatherings whenever he had the time. However, at that moment, he remained silent. 
Caught off guard by his indifference, Sigrun could only turn to look at Susan again. "Ms. Susan, how about you?" 
Susan looked up from her phone and replied, "Huh? Your friend? I don't think it's appropriate for me to go; 
I don't know any of them. Besides, I still need to attend classes this afternoon. You guys go ahead." 
"But-" 
"What class can you possibly have? You're only an exchange student. Why would the lecturers give you private lessons?" Ian cut Sigrun off, bombarding Susan with oppressive mockery as he glowered at her.
Susan's mind went blank. Good lord! Does he have to be so harsh? So what if I'm an exchange student? Does an exchange student not deserve any special arrangement from the lecturers? 
Susan felt offended by his mockery, but she did not have the courage to refute him. 
Unavoidably, she was overcome by a sense of guilt for telling lies after catching a glimpse of her phone earlier. The company she contacted in the morning for an interview had sent her a message asking if she could make it. She wanted to give it a try. 
Susan pursed her lips and said, "Anyway, I have plans. Just go ahead without me." 
Sensing the unmissable hint of anger in her tone, Ian finally held his tongue. The sheer frigidness in his eyes sent a shiver down her spine. 
After finishing her food, Susan stepped out of the restaurant with her bag. Hmph! Since they're attending a gathering, what's the point of me tagging along with them? To be the third wheel? 
She hailed a cab and left right away, heading toward the said company for an interview. 
It was a trading company she had come across online earlier. Even though it was not a typical big scale corporation, it offered short-term jobs for students like her, and she was more than happy with that. 
Not long after, she arrived at the trading company named MR.T. She stopped at the front desk and introduced herself, "Good afternoon. I'm Susan Limmer from Atlantius University. I'm here for an interview. I got in touch with you at noon." 
"Oh, it's you. This way, please." The staff at the front desk led her to the interview at once. 
Susan was well prepared for it, and she performed well during the session.
Half an hour later, just as she was waiting in the lounge and was confident that she would be hired, the owner of the company suddenly came out and gave her an odd look. 
"Ms. Limmer, I'm sorry to inform you that my boss said you don't quite meet our requirements." 
"Huh?" 
Susan's hopes were dashed at once. 
"May I know why? Is it because I didn't pass my interview just now?" 
"No, it's not because of that. Ms. Limmer, you're undoubtedly an outstanding candidate. But our company needs someone who can come to work every day on weekdays. Since you're still a student, we can't take you into consideration. We're sorry about that," the clerk hurriedly explained. 
###Chapter 1891
Chapter 1891
Susan was taken aback again. 
Monday to Friday? Why have the working days changed? When I applied for the job, didn't it say work would be on the weekends? otherwise, I wouldn't have submitted my resume. 
She could not help thinking that it was odd. Nonetheless, since the other party had already stated their requirements, she began doubting herself and wondering whether she had made a mistake. In the end, she had no choice but to leave dejectedly. 
Ring... Ring... 
Just then, her phone started ringing. 
Hearing that, she took it out of her bag and answered the call. "Hello?" 
"Aunt Susan, where are you? We just got back from fishing, and we caught lots of fish! Come back soon, okay? Kurt says we can cook up some barbecued fish tonight." 
The call was from Vivian, and Susan's lips subconsciously curved into a smile when she heard the former's voice. 
Although Vivian was oblivious to the point of heartlessness, she was very affectionate toward others, and Susan adored her. 
Temporarily casting aside all thoughts about the failed job interview, she hailed a taxi and hurried home. 
Indeed, it'll be nice to have a barbecue in this cool spring weather, and it'll be even nicer since we'll be having those freshly-caught fish. 
She was about to reach the apartment when she deliberately made a little detour to the supermarket to purchase some vegetables for the barbecue before heading upstairs.
When Vivian opened the door, she was delighted to see Susan. "Aunt Susan, you're back! Kurt has already cleaned and prepped the fish." 
Susan grinned as she carried the bags into the apartment, intending to go and help out in the kitchen. But as soon as she stepped inside, her gaze moved past the living room, and she was surprised to see a familiar figure fiddling with the charcoal grill on the balcony. 
"He-" 
Thinking that Susan was about to say that Ian should not be tending to the grill, Vivian quickly cut in to tell her not to worry about her brother. "Oh, Ian? You don't have to mind him. Let him do some work. He's in charge of the grill tonight. You can go and help Kurt with the fish while I prepare the vegetables." 
See, that's the thing. Ian is too lazy. Back when we used to go out and play, we'd always eat ready-made food. This time, I have to make sure he does some work. 
Taking the bags of vegetables from Susan, Vivian skipped over to the balcony to keep Ian company. 
"I've come to keep you company, Ian. Hurry up with that. I'll prepare the vegetables." 
Ian remained silent. 
Even from afar, Susan could sense his annoyance. 
Nonetheless, she was quite pleased to see him helping out. 
Walking into the kitchen, Susan saw Kurt draining the blood from the fish. Taking the fish he had cleaned and prepared, she skillfully sliced them and marinated the fish slices. 
"Where did the two of you go today?"
"I went with him to a securities firm. After grabbing a bite, I went for an interview." 
“An interview?" 
When Kurt heard those two words, he tilted his head and shot her a surprised glance. 
Susan nodded. "Yeah. I borrowed fifty thousand from Ian to buy my grandfather's fountain pen at the auction yesterday, so I need to return the money to him." 
Kurt was silent for a few seconds before finally asking, "And?" 
And? 
A disheartened look crossed Susan's face. "I didn't get it. The company said they didn't want students. But when I submitted my resume last night, I'm sure I saw that they were recruiting. That's why I applied." 
After hearing that, Kurt fell silent for longer. 
Well, of course. Fifty thousand. Who would dare to hire someone whom Ian has his eye on? Forget about fifty thousand. Even if it were only five thousand or five hundred... There probably still wouldn't be anyone in Atlantius who'd dare to hire her. 
Kurt continued preparing the fish silently as those thoughts crossed his mind. 
They busied themselves for over an hour. By the time Ian finished prepping everything, it was already evening, and the sun was almost setting. They also made some stew with the fish. As soon as they lifted the lid from the pot, the fragrant smell wafted through the apartment.
Vivian's stomach was already growling from hunger, and she rushed over immediately when she smelled the tantalizing aroma. "It's done! We can eat now!" 
Kurt brought out the pot of stew while Susan carried the side dishes together with the marinated fish slices for the barbecue. 
Alas... 
"Ian, what's wrong with the grill? Why isn't the fire going?" Vivian was on the verge of stomping in frustration when she hurried over to the grill to barbecue some fish, only to find that it was not yet ready. 
He's an idiot! 
Although Ian felt somewhat embarrassed, he still wanted to cling to his pride and was reluctant to admit that he could not light the grill himself. 
"It couldn't light up. What does that have anything to do with me?" 
Everyone was stunned by his words. 
In the end, Susan stood up and walked over, gazing at the grill as it continuously emitted smoke due to whatever Ian had done. Tilting her head, she saw that the smoke had caused Ian's eyes to redden. 
His beautiful dark eyes shimmered with tears, and there was a tinge of redness to them. 
It's a rare sight to see him like this. Ian has always been cold, aloof, and a little bit of a loner. There are not many things that'd elicit such expressions from him. It's as if he's isolated from the rest of the world, giving others the sense that he's unapproachable. But that hint of redness in his eyes seems to have pulled him back to be a part of this world. 
Withdrawing her gaze, she began to teach him how to light the grill. "Look. If you want the charcoal to catch fire, you have to prop the charcoal up like this. Then, light the kindling and place it underneath.
That'll ignite the coals." 
Ian did not show any sign of impatience as he listened.
###Chapter 1892
Chapter 1892
Ian merely stood there, watching how Susan went about starting the fire. She blew on the blackened coals until red flames really did start slowly appearing. 
Suddenly, there was a crackle as the fire flared and spat sparks. 
Susan's mind went blank. Before she could react, a hand had already moved in front of her face to shield her, and she felt herself getting pulled backward swiftly. 
Everything happened so quickly that Susan was still in a daze after getting dragged backward. 
"Ian? What happened to the two of you? Are you okay?" 
Vivian was setting the table in the living room when she noticed the commotion and rushed toward them worriedly. 
Susan finally returned to her senses, instantly realizing what had happened. She straightened her back immediately as if by reflex while she stood in the arms of the person behind her, then turned to grab the hand he had quickly retracted. 
"Are you okay, Ian? Let me see your hand." 
"I'm fine," he replied, stubbornly refusing. 
He did not let either of the two girls take a look at his hand. After all, a minor injury like that was nothing to a man like him. 
The two ladies usually appeared gentle and weak. However, at such a critical moment, Vivian came up from behind and grabbed him forcefully. As for Susan, she was even bolder!
She wrapped her arms around his, practically latching onto his arm. 
"Just hurry up and let me take a look!" 
He stared at them, speechless. 
What are these two creatures? 
The veins in Ian's head throbbed even worse when he swept his gaze over to Kurt. Not only had the latter not stepped forward to lend a helping hand, but he wore the expression of someone watching a good show instead. 
In the end, Ian showed them his hand. 
He only realized how badly injured he was when he showed them his hand and saw that it had begun to blister. 
"Oh my goodness! That's serious! Quick, I'll take you to the doctor's." 
Seeing how severe it was, Susan immediately became anxious and dragged him after her without another word. 
Vivian wanted to follow too, but just when she reached the door, Kurt pulled her back. 
"Hey! What are you doing, Kurt?" 
"You should stay and eat. Your aunt is with him, so what do you have to worry about? Hurry up and eat. Otherwise, the fish won't taste as nice anymore," Kurt responded without the slightest hint of guilt.
After dragging her back to the living room, he made her sit down, ladled steaming hot stew into a bowl for her, and told her to eat up. 
Right. Once we're full, we'll go and game for a while... 
Meanwhile, Susan quickly rode up on a bicycle after leading Ian downstairs. 
He stared at her in the evening light without saying a word. 
When she saw him standing rooted to the spot, she urged, "Hop on. Why are you still standing there? It's only a short distance to the clinic near our university, so we can just ride the bicycle there. If we were to go to the hospital, we'd have to make an appointment, and it'd be much more troublesome." 
Fortunately, he finally approached her after hearing her explanation. He climbed onto the back of the bicycle, and she began pedaling away. 
By then, the beautiful sunset of an early spring evening was not glowing as brilliantly as before. It seemed to have lost its dazzling luster, leaving behind the soft grey twilight. 
Although the sky was a little dark, it was still beautiful. 
As Ian sat behind her, something flashed across his mind for a split second. It was so fleeting that he could not figure out what it was. 
What was that? 
As he puzzled over it, he did not notice his hands had moved to clutch at Susan's skirt. 
"Don't clutch at my skirt, Ian. You might hurt your hand further. Just hold onto me." 
Huh?
His eyes flew wide open, wondering whether he had misheard. 
But while he was still reeling in shock at her words, the bold as brass Susan had reached for his other hand and placed it on her slender waist. 
This is crazy...
###Chapter 1893
Chapter 1893
In the end, Susan brought Ian to a clinic nearby the campus. She refused to take no as an answer. 
She accompanied him until the doctor finished dressing his wound. Even after his hand was all wrapped up, she didn't realize that Ian actually thought she didn't know how to ride a bicycle. 
"Remember to keep your wound dry these few days," the doctor reminded Ian after dressing his wound. 
Susan nodded profusely. "Yes, doctor." 
After they left the clinic, Susan offered to give Ian a ride back. Ian didn't reject her offer. In fact, he got into her bicycle readily unlike how he reacted when she wanted to take him to the clinic earlier. He didn't kick up a fuss. 
However, they had no idea a car drove past theirs when they were on their way to the apartment. The occupants in that car spotted them together clearly. 
"Sigrun, isn't that your boyfriend?" 
Sigrun's friend, Hannah, immediately blurted out in surprise. 
After her arrival at the campus, Sigrun introduced Ian to her friends as her boyfriend who she was going to marry one day. 
The very sight of Ian and Susan chatting gaily on a bicycle caused Sigrun to shake in fury. 
She wanted to stop the car and dash over to them to demand to know what was going on. If possible, she would drag Susan down from the bicycle. 
How dare she take my fiancé around? 
In the end, she managed to keep her emotions in check.
After all, she recalled Susan telling her that Ian hated people who kicked up a fuss. She didn't want Ian to despise her. 
Sigrun had no choice but to watch the bicycle leave as the occupants chatted away. 
Around ten minutes later, Sigrun's car rolled to a stop underneath the apartment. 
She made a call to someone. "Hello? Can you help me investigate something?" 
"What is it?" the person on the other end of the line asked. 
"I'd like to find out what happened between Susan Jadeson, who used to live in the Jadeson residence, and Sebastian's eldest son, Ian Hayes. If you get me the information I want, I shall pay you one million in one go!" Sigrun declared. 
She had given it her all to get the information she wanted. 
As she had offered a handsome reward, the person on the other end of the phone agreed readily. 
At the end of the day, Sigrun returned to the apartment. When she switched off the light and went to bed, an email popped up in her inbox. 
There were a few blurry photos attached inside. Despite the low quality, it was obvious that the photos were taken in a remote village in the country. Both Ian and Susan were in the photos. 
Anonymous: A log driver sent me these. He claimed Ian caused him to sustain severe losses. Initially, he wanted to take revenge and took these photos in secret. Ian had no idea these photos existed. 
The person also sent her a text using his phone.
Sigrun promptly typed out a reply. 
Sigrun: Why did they go there? 
Anonymous: Susan went there as a volunteer, and Sebastian's son went there without warning. They spent some intimate time there together. 
He then proceeded to her send some photos. 
This time, the photos he sent were HD photos. The photos portrayed Ian and Susan having fun together in a picturesque remote village. It looked like they were in a gorgeous oil painting. 
Some photos showed them climbing the mountains to get fruits, some showed them working and plucking vegetables, some showed them visiting the villagers’ houses... 
There were a lot of photos of them together. 
Sigrun discovered that the young man who always treated her indifferently was smiling in those photos. A beatific smile played on his lips as he stood beside the young lady. 
To her despair, Sigrun realized he was stealing glances at Susan in more than one photo. 
His gaze was full of love and affection as though he wanted to drown Susan with his adoration. 
Why? How could this be possible? He's such an arrogant man. Why did he look at Susan that way? 
Sigrun was on the verge of breaking down. 
Anonymous: Later, something strange happened. They got into a fight in the market, and Ian went crazy. He destroyed the entire bus station.
The man attached a photo with his text. 
The moment Sigrun clicked into it, hope filled her entire being. 
She scrolled down hastily and finally got to know the entire story. 
Ian was a proud man, but he ended up in the police station because of Susan. Even though Susan showed up later, she didn't really solve anything. 
Strangely, Ian fell sick when he returned to Avenport. 
In the dark, Sigrun began analyzing the matter. She suddenly recalled that Ian was seeing a doctor when she first arrived in the city. In fact, his doctor appeared to be a psychologist. 
She was pretty sure that it was only a matter of time before she could find out the truth. 
The next day, Susan was the first to wake up. 
As Ian's hand was injured, she decided to prepare breakfast in the morning. She would then send him to his class before going to her own class. 
"Aunt Susan, you're up early," Vivian commented. 
Kurt had woken her up a while ago. She rubbed her eyes sleepily and trudged down the stairs to see a spread served on the dining table. 
She couldn't help but be impressed by the sight. 
Aunt Susan is so diligent! 
Flashing a smile, Susan busied herself with preparing breakfast. When everything was done, she removed her apron and emerged from the kitchen. It was time to wake Ian up.
###Chapter 1894
Chapter 1894
"Eh? You're up early, Ms. Susan." 
Outside the bedroom, she bumped into Sigrun, who had just woken up. 
At once, Susan's heart sank to her stomach. 
It was a reflex every time she ran into Sigburn. Every time Sigburn showed up, she would do her best to keep Susan away from Ian. 
Susan's mood took a downhill. 
Strangely, Sigrun didn't try to make things difficult for her that morning. 
"Vivi, Kurt, I have an event at the campus this morning. I need to leave now instead of joining you for breakfast. Ms. Susan, goodbye!" 
She grabbed a bun on the table and hopped out of the house. 
Susan regarded her back doubtfully. 
How surprising. 
No matter what, she heaved a sigh of relief after Sigburn left and hurried to Ian's room ahead. 
"Ian? Are you awake? Do you need help?" she asked worriedly after knocking on the door. 
Less than two minutes later, Ian strode out in a black outfit, looking refreshed and clean. 
"It's just a small injury. I didn't lose any limb!" 
He opened the door with his expression all scrunched up. It seemed like he was upset at how she was treating him as though he had lost a limb. 
Susan chuckled in response. 
"You didn't button your shirt till the end. Let me help you." 
She stretched out her slender hands and buttoned up his shirt nicely. 
Ian fell silent. 
In the living room, Vivian stared at them, her eyes wide in shock. 
"Kurt, don't you think Aunt Susan treats Ian really well?" she whispered. 
"Really?" 
Kurt reached out to turn her head around, his expression calm and collected. 
Vivian blinked her eyes twice. Her long lashes fluttered adoringly, causing Kurt's heart to skip a beat. 
"Yes. Don't you realize it? That's how you usually treat me, right?" she insisted. 
The little fool is finally catching up, huh? 
Kurt arched his brow as his lips curved. 
"How do I usually treat you?" he teased. 
Comprehension dawned on Vivian.
At once, her cheeks flushed red. She immediately struggled out of his reach and ran to the dining table. 
Is he out of his mind? 
When Susan and Ian came down, Vivian dared not meet Kurt's gaze. 
However, when everyone headed out, things went back to normal. Vivian climbed onto Kurt's back so he could bring her to the car park. Her tinkling laughter could be heard from afar. 
"Vivi looks happy now," Susan commented when she saw them both downstairs. 
She meant it. 
Ian didn't say a word. 
They soon arrived at the public bicycle parking area. When Susan was paying for her ride, Ian suddenly said, "She deserves it." 
"What?" 
Susan lifted her head abruptly when she heard what he had to say. 
She deserves it? Does he mean... 
"They went through a lot. They never gave up on each other in their darkest and most dangerous times. Naturally, they deserve hard-earned happiness. It's only fair for them to be this happy," Ian explained as Susan seemed confused. 
Alas, he didn't know that his words went through her heart like an iron shard and revealed the deepest, darkest secret that she kept buried. Her smile promptly slipped. 
In just a few seconds, the color completely drained from her face.
Give up? Is he talking about me? No. He has lost his memory, so he shouldn't be referring to me. Nevertheless, his words proved that he hated people who "give up." He even mentioned the word "fair." That means he despises selfish cowards. 
Susan lost the strength to speak. 
That morning, they rode a bicycle each. 
Ian's expression was gloomy. 
As Susan had ridden away, he had no choice but to take another bicycle and ride after her. 
Once they arrived at the campus, Susan headed straight to the Faculty of Accounting. 
Ian's bicycle came to a stop. He stared at the building and locked his bicycle unhappily before striding away. 
Buzz, buzz... 
"Hello?" 
"Mr. Hayes, this is Dr. Blanc. I heard you're doing well recently. Do you have time to come over? I need to examine you thoroughly." 
It was the psychologist that Ian had seen previously. 
His brows snapped together at the sudden phone call.
###Chapter 1895
Chapter 1895
In the end, Ian chose to meet the psychologist. 
Despite his reluctance, he knew he had to take the initiative to face some things so he could live like a normal person. 
"Mr. Hayes, have a seat." 
Alain ushered him to a seat warmly. 
Inexplicable waves of anxiousness washed over Ian. 
The chair was, in fact, used by the psychologist to hypnotize patients. 
Slowly, Ian sat in the chair. 
Alain assured him, "Mr. Hayes, please relax. I'm going to examine you. It's fine." 
He came over to Ian slowly. 
Ian nodded, and his expression relaxed. 
"Mr. Hayes, have you had difficulty sleeping recently or couldn't calm yourself down?" Alain asked. 
Hearing that, Ian fell silent. Having difficulty sleeping and can't calm myself down? 
Suddenly, he recalled the night when they were on the way back home from the museum. 
For the past few days, his emotions were on a roller coaster. He had indeed failed to calm himself down. 
Lowering his gaze, he replied, "Sometimes." 
"Oh? Do the symptoms bother you?" Alain urged.
"What I mean is, will they stop you from focusing on other stuff? If the answer is yes, we can undergo a test." 
Alain observed him carefully after posing the question. 
That was how psychologists worked. Instead of asking what the problem was, they would chat with their patients to find out what their patients' troubles were. 
This time, Ian felt that he wasn't bothered by the symptoms. 
He might've failed to calm himself down entirely, but things were still under his control. 
"No need," he rejected the offer. 
Alain chuckled in response. 
He poured a glass of water and placed it on the table. Gazing at Ian, he started another casual conversation. 
Kurt only found out that Ian didn't attend his classes In the Faculty of Finance after ten in the morning. 
He was quite surprised by the news. 
"Why didn't he come to class? Is he not free today? He didn't ask for any leave," the lecturer asked. 
Kurt was admitted to the university before the age of sixteen. His admittance created a huge uproar, so many students and teachers knew about him. 
Later on, he became the top student in his major, so more people learned of his name.
The professor from the Faculty of Finance would contact him if anything were to crop up after finding out that he was related to Ian. 
Kurt hung up in confusion. 
Where did he go instead of attending his classes? 
He scrolled through his contacts and found someone's number before typing out a text. 
Kurt: Uncle Solomon, did you ask Ian to do anything today? 
Solomon: No. Today is Monday, right? I don't arrange any jobs for him during weekdays. 
Solomon who was back home replied very quickly. 
Kurt didn't ask questions and clicked into the GPS app. Soon, Ian's location was detected. He was currently in a familiar place. 
The hospital! 
Kurt left the campus. 
Around twenty minutes later, Ian was asleep in the chair in the hospital. Alain was about to help him regain his memory when someone barged in. 
Bang! 
A young man with an imposing presence marched into the room. 
"M-Mr. Lopez?" Alain stuttered.
"Who told you to do this?" Kurt snapped. He grabbed Alain by the collar and lifted him up in a menacing manner. 
Thud! 
He then tossed Alain to the table behind them. 
Alain almost fainted from the pain that flared up his body. 
"M-Mr. Lopez, Mr. Hayes requested this. 1-1 didn't do..." he stammered hastily, trying hard to tamp down his pain and panic. 
Alas, Kurt wasn't that easy to fool. 
His eyes flashed with menace as he picked Alain up and flung him to the ground yet again. This time, he raised his foot and stepped on Alain's throat. 
It was a deadly move. 
"Let me ask you again. Who gave you the order? Whose order are you acting upon?" he snarled. 
"l-lt was Mr. Hayes' fiancee. She came to me yesterday and said he's doing well. She told me to recover his memory." 
Finally, Alain told the truth. 
Fiancee? 
Kurt narrowed his eyes. A woman's face popped up in his mind, and a frosty expression crept up his face. He proceeded to kick Alain away. 
Does she have a death wish?
Kurt brought Ian away. When they were in the car, Kurt poured a bottle of water over Ian's face. 
"Hey!" 
As the water splashed onto Ian's face, he jolted awake and sat up. His chest was heaving. 
Kurt sat aside silently and waited patiently for Ian to regain his senses completely. 
Two minutes later... 
"Was I hypnotized earlier?" 
"I told you not to meet the psychologist alone as you're mentally unstable. Why did you forget my advice?" Kurt snapped. His voice was both furious. 
He didn't spare Ian's feelings.
###Chapter 1896
Chapter 1896
Ian fell silent. 
A long while later, he calmed down completely and pulled a piece of tissue out to wipe his face dry. 
He parted his lips and explained, "I wanted to know the memory that was wiped away from my brain." 
Oh? What a surprise. 
Kurt whipped his head around in surprise. 
Did he really want that? 
"Why? Why do you suddenly want your memory back?" 
"Because..." Ian looked out of the window as confusion flashed past his eyes. 
"I could guess what it was. But I don't understand why I chose to wipe it away from my brain. Thus, I'd like to confirm what it was before making any mistake," he said honestly. 
Kurt gaped in disbelief. 
His jaw hung open for some time. 
Before he makes any mistake? I can't believe he described his own actions this way! Is he referring to him and Susan? He couldn't stop himself from falling in love with her again. Hence, he wants to find out why they separated in the memory he lost? 
For a moment, Kurt was overwhelmed by mixed feelings.
He remembered how Ian went all out for Susan previously. Ian was head over heels in love with Susan and went to her without paying any heed to their identities, age, and reputation. 
Kurt looked away. 
"If you're curious, I can tell you everything." 
The moment he uttered those words, silence fell. The car became so eerily silent that one could even hear a pin drop. 
Kurt waited in front quietly. 
Actually, he flew into a fit of rage in the doctor's office because he was afraid that Ian would be in anguish after regaining his memory. 
He was also scared that someone would try to alter Ian's memory. That would be problematic, for no one knew what the consequences would be. 
If all Ian wanted was the truth, Kurt didn't mind telling him everything. 
In the end, Ian agreed to his suggestion. 
Thus, Kurt told Ian everything that had happened. 
"I don't actually know what happened between you both. After leaving Avenport and coming here, you didn't even go home. Instead, you came here and locked yourself in your room for ten whole days," Kurt revealed. 
He told Ian everything he knew honestly. Indeed, he had no idea what went wrong between them.
Ian was quiet the whole way through. 
Deep down, he was shocked to discover that he was involved with Susan back then. 
At the same time, he felt an indescribable sadness. It felt like his heart was tossed into an icy bucket of water, and the chill went all the way into his bones. 
An image of him holding an umbrella in the rain emerged in his mind. 
"She's afraid," he said suddenly. 
"What?" Kurt blurted out and turned at his shoulder in astonishment. 
Ian was staring out of the window, shrouded in gloominess. 
"She's my aunt, and I'm her nephew. If we end up together, the entire world will mock us," he added. 
Silence ensued. Kurt only broke the silence a long while later. "But she's not a Jadeson now. Her surname is now Limmer, so there's no need for her to be afraid now.” 
"Nothing changed. Her mom told me everything when she got on her knees to beg for help," Ian replied sarcastically. 
Kurt's eyes widened in disbelief. 
He could barely hide his surprise after hearing Ian utter those words. 
Sigrith? Did he regain his memory? Why did he suddenly say that to me? 
Right when Kurt was about to ask for details, he realized Ian bore a confused expression as though he didn't know why he had said that out loud.
Kurt was speechless. 
Suddenly, an ominous feeling began to grow in his heart. 
Oh, I forgot he's Sebastian's son. No matter how weak he is, he would never ask someone to wipe his memory out just because Susan asked him to forget about it. Besides, there was a chance to turn things around back then. Not long after, Colton's real identity was exposed. Ian knew that well, for he was investigating the matter. Then, what was the real blow that caused him to make up his mind? 
Kurt's emotions were still in turmoil even after he dropped Ian back on the campus. After considering the matter carefully, he decided to report the matter to Oceanic Estate. 
His gut feeling told him that it was not a minor matter.
###Chapter 1897
Chapter 1897
The person who received the news at Oceanic Estate was Sasha. 
She had been busy managing some of the estate's accounts for that month in her study when the phone next to her suddenly beeped with a notification. She picked it up. 
Kurt? 
She was surprised when she saw the sender of the message. 
Kurt had texted: Are you busy, Mrs. Hayes? I wish to speak to you regarding something. 
This child has always been so polite. 
Sasha put down her work and started to message him back. She thought at first that Vivian was being disobedient again, so he had no choice but to come to her. 
She replied: What's up? Go ahead, Kurt. 
Kurt answered: Mrs. Hayes, Ian hasn't been feeling well recently, but he doesn't want to see a doctor. He keeps saying that he's fine. Are you free? If so, can you come over and take a look at him? 
Sasha: Huh? 
She was shocked. 
My son? And he's sick? Why didn't I know about this? 
She immediately became anxious, and instead of texting back, she decided to call him directly. 
"Hello, Kurt. I'm Mrs. Hayes. You just said that Ian is sick. What's going on? How did this happen?"
"I'm not very sure either, Mrs. Hayes, but he keeps locking himself in the room, and his mood is also very low. I asked him to see a doctor, but he didn't want to. I ran out of ideas, so I called you." Kurt came up with an excuse on the phone. 
There was no way he could tell the truth. In this situation where it's impossible to predict what the elders will think about that matter, the only way is to let one of them come over and see for themselves. And this person, the careful and gentle Mrs. Hayes, is perfect. 
Sure enough, Sasha became frantic upon hearing that. 
That day, as soon as Sebastian came back, she informed him that she was going to Yartran to visit their son. 
He frowned. "How did he become emotionally unstable all of a sudden? Wasn't he doing well last semester?” 
Sasha replied, "Who hasn't gone through times with emotional problems? I don't care. I'm going to see my son. You've stopped caring about them ever since they grew up. All you care about is dealing with your business department matters all day long." 
As she spoke, she even started to grumble about him. 
Veins were popping on Sebastian's forehead. 
However, he did not dare to argue anymore, and immediately after booking the ticket, he sent her to the airport. 
"Are you sure you don't need me to go with you, Darling?" 
"No need. You can get back to your work. I'm fine on my own."
Sasha decided she was done speaking to him and walked off while dragging her suitcase. After a while, she boarded the plane with a resentful look and set off for Yartran. 
"Do you think she's going through menopause?" 
"Huh?" 
The driver who came over with Sebastian was extremely shocked. 
"1-1 don't think so. Isn't Mrs. Hayes only thirty-eight this year?" 
Sebastian kept silent. 
"Don't think too much, Mr. Hayes. Mrs. Hayes was just too worried about Mr. Ian, which was why she was in such a hurry to head over there. Let me tell you. My wife is forty-five this year and still hasn't reached menopause." 
"Really?" 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian immediately responded. His tone betrayed his happiness. 
What kind of guy is he? 
Kurt went to pick Sasha up when she arrived at Yartran. 
Ever since the last time she saw him more than half a year ago, the young man had grown a lot taller and muscular. Hence, when Sasha approached him, she discovered that she had to tilt her head back to speak to him. 
"How did you get so tall? If you continue growing, you'll be taller than Sebastian.”
"How is that possible?" 
The seventeen-year-old youth immediately became a little shy. 
The two came out of the airport and got into the car, where Sasha asked impatiently, "How's the situation now? Is Ian all right?” 
"Mrs. Hayes..." 
Kurt, who was seated in front, suddenly seemed hesitant to continue speaking. 
"Actually... I kept it from him that I told you to come here, so if you see him, don't ask him about his illness. Otherwise, he'll be very angry when he finds out." 
"I see..." 
Sasha did not suspect a thing. 
She immediately agreed to pretend as though nothing had happened upon seeing her son after reaching the apartment. 
She was much easier to persuade than Sebastian, not because she was not smart enough, but because she never once thought that the youngsters would hide anything from each other. 
In other words, she acted purely like a mother would. 
Upon seeing that Sasha trusted him fully, Kurt felt a little guilty. However, after thinking that it was for the sake of Ian, he felt that his action was necessary. 
Sasha was taken to the apartment where everyone lived.
Sure enough, everyone was dumbfounded when they returned home after school and found Sasha waiting forthem with a meal long prepared. 
"Oh my! What brings you here, Mom? I've missed you so much!" 
Vivian was the first to rush toward her mother. 
She had always had the warmest relationship with her mother. No matter what, she would always act like a child upon seeing the latter. 
Sasha also hugged her daughter, who was now taller than her, excitedly.
###Chapter 1898
Chapter 1898
“I came to see you guys. Are you happy?" "Yes, I'm so happy!" 
Feeling touched by her words, Vivian was almost in tears. 
Next, it was Ian. He was also excited to see his mother, but he was a boy, so he did not come over until his sister and mother had separated. 
"Welcome, Mom." 
"HI, sweetie. Come, let me hug you." 
Sasha then opened her arms and hugged her son, who was almost as tall as his father. 
The mother-son duo smiled happily. 
"What a surprise, Mrs. Hayes. I didn't think you'd come. It's the biggest surprise we've had this week." 
Sigrun also came over. 
She was such a sweet talker. In just a few words, she was able to express her suspicion about her future mother-in-law's arrival. 
Sasha also greeted her with a smile and caressed her head. "Good girl!" 
As the girl had been chosen by Jonathan, she naturally would show her due respect. 
The last person was Susan. 
However, at that moment, she merely stood there. Anyone could tell that she was tense by the hint of panic in her eyes. 
"What's the matter with you, Susan? Am I not welcomed here?" Sasha shifted her gaze toward the girl and asked with a warm smile. 
Right after she spoke, not only did Ian turn to look at his mother, but even Sigrun and Vivian next to him also looked over with widened eyes. 
"Mom, why did you—" 
"You all didn't come back at the end of last year, so I forgot to tell you that ever since Susan was inducted Into the Limmer family, I've changed the way I address her. After all, she's around the same age as you all, so there's nothing wrong with addressing her like this," Sasha explained with a smile as she ruffled her daughter's hair. 
Upon hearing that, Vivian finally understood. She nodded and did not comment further. 
However, when Sigrun, who was beside her, heard that, a wave of sudden anger surged within her. 
I can't believe she even changed the way she addresses Susan! It seems that she came here really well prepared. 
Susan kept fiddling with her backpack. No one knew how nervous she was to see the reactions of the others when they heard the new form of address, especially the young man standing beside his mother. 
Will he be happy about this? 
She sneaked a glance at him but discovered that he was shocked like everyone else after hearing the new form of address. 
After hearing his mother's explanation, he seemed to understand. However, there was none of the surprise and relief that Susan desired to see on his handsome and cold face. 
Instead, he frowned, and there was even a hint of mockery in his alluring eyes.
Mockery? 
Susan's heart sank to her stomach. 
"How long will you be staying this time, Mom?" 
"Not long. I came because I also have something to do here, so I decided to stop by to see you all. I'll probably stay for two or three days." 
Sasha gestured for the others to sit down as she smilingly explained to her daughter, who had been pestering her. 
"That's only a few days." 
Sure enough, Vivian's face fell upon hearing the words "two or three days." 
Seeing that, Kurt placed her favorite chicken drumstick onto her plate. "Mrs. Hayes still has matters to attend to. Your dad is also waiting for her at home. There are still many things to settle." 
"All right then." 
As expected, coaxing her with her mother's homemade drumsticks was effective. 
During the meal, everyone was chatting happily except Susan, who was silently pushing her food around her plate. Even when someone addressed her, she would reply briefly and quickly lower her head again. 
Sasha noticed it and found it rather odd. 
Wasn't she quite cheerful at home in the past? Why has she grown silent after coming here?
Sasha decided to talk to her that night before asking her son about it. After all, she had always felt more sympathy for Susan and her brother after their father died. 
Hence, after the meal, when Susan had tidied up the kitchen and returned to her bedroom to take a shower, her door was suddenly pushed open. 
"Are you preparing to take a shower, Susan?" 
"M-Mrs. Hayes..." 
Susan was so startled that she almost lost her grip on her pajamas. 
"Yes. I'm planning to take a shower." 
"I wish to have a chat with you. Why don't I come over after you're done showering?" Sasha looked at the girl's nervous expression with a smile and asked patiently. 
She truly has changed. Our previous conversations have never been this way. 
"l-lt's fine. Have a seat, Mrs. Hayes. I'll get you some water." 
Susan was even more nervous. 
She quickly put down her pajamas and moved a chair over. After that, she went to get Sasha a glass of water. 
As expected, she kept trembling in fear as she poured the water. 
She thought that the older lady in front of her had learned about what had transpired between her and her son and was there to reprimand her. 
Susan had never felt so flustered and scared.
"It's all right. You don't have to be so nervous. I came to ask you, are you not used to living here? Are you having trouble getting along with your classmates at school? Or is it stress from studying?"
###Chapter 1899
Chapter 1899
"Huh?" 
Susan lifted her head, stunned for a moment. 
"N-No, everything is fine." 
"Everything is fine? Then why have you become so taciturn now? Also, your eyes keep shifting around nervously. Don't be afraid, Susan. Just tell me if there's any problem. I'll go to your school and talk to your teachers," Sasha urged earnestly while looking at her solemnly. 
Indeed, that was her presumption. 
She had heard that while exchange students had good grades when they first came over, it was always somewhat difficult for them to adapt to the new environment at first. 
Besides, the girl before her had never gone abroad in the past. 
To her surprise, however, Susan again denied it. 
"No, no, they're all pretty nice to me, Mrs. Hayes. I was only apprehensive earlier because... because I was worried that Vivi and the others would be offended that I'm addressing you differently." 
"Hmm?" 
Sasha chuckled upon hearing that. 
"That would never happen. You have no blood ties to the Jadeson family in the first place, so now that you've changed your first name to Limmer, the different address only means that you respect US even more." 
"Really?"
At long last, a ray of light showed in Susan's gaze that had been dim for a long time. 
Sasha nodded in affirmation. "Of course. Actually, you've got to remember this, Susan. An address is only a verbal issue. Regardless of how you address us, it doesn't matter. What's more important is that you still remember the long-standing relationship between US." 
Ultimately, she still comforted the girl magnanimously. 
Truth be told, she attached little importance to such things. 
After having experienced so much in her lifetime, she had realized that if one truly cared, one would still lend a helping hand at a critical juncture even if one addressed the other person by their full name. 
For instance, Solomon and Sebastian. 
They were brothers, but she had never heard them really greeting each other properly thus far. Yet when something happened, they still helped each other. 
On the contrary, there was her and Jackson's daughter, Xenia. 
They were cousins by blood, but things didn't end well between them. 
In the end, Sasha even patted Susan's head gently and advised her not to brood over that matter before leaving. Then, she went to Ian's room. 
Meanwhile, Ian was sitting in front of his computer in his room. 
He wasn't in the mood to play video games. Instead, he pondered upon the purpose of Sasha's visit. 
His brain whirred at warp speed. But why didn't she ask me anything after coming to my room?
"Come here, Ian. Let me take your pulse." 
Saying nothing, he obediently went over and presented his wrist to his mother. 
After all, they were already accustomed to it. 
Sasha was а тем practitioner, so she often took their pulse and the like at home back then in fear that they would fall sick. 
Ian waited patiently. 
A few minutes later, Sasha retracted her fingers from his wrist. 
"Have you been worrying a lot lately, Ian? Why is your pulse slightly stilted?" Sasha regarded her son somberly. 
At that question, Ian was rendered speechless. 
Has Mom's medical skill improved again that she could even tell that? 
"Yeah, there's a minor issue at work," he fibbed. 
Hearing that, Sasha breathed a sigh of relief. 
"That's okay. Bring me over for a look tomorrow. Besides that, I'll get you a few doses of traditional medicine. You'll be fine after drinking them." 
At once, words eluded Ian. 
For several seconds, he sat there in silence.
I forgot that she's also an expert in finance, and a prodigy at that. 
His lips pressed into a thin line. A long while later, he finally asked, "Mom, what did you two talk about that you spent so long in her room?" 
"Who?" Sasha inquired reflexively. 
"Aunt Susan," Ian clarified. 
"Oh, you meant her, huh? I noticed that her personality underwent a drastic change today and was a tad worried that she hasn't adapted to the environment here yet, so I went over to chat with her^' Sasha explained. 
"And?" 
"And she said everything was fine. She was merely nervous because she was worried that you all won't like that she's addressing me differently now. But that's impossible! She doesn't have any blood ties to us anyway. Oh yes, Ian, don't address her as Aunt Susan anymore in the future. Just call her Susan instead." 
Sasha was a straightforward person, so she simply said that after hearing her son's question. 
Once more, Ian went silent for a long time. 
Susan? I wonder whether that woman deliberately told Mom to come over. 
"Ian?" 
"Hmm?" Ian raised his head and looked at his mother. 
"What are you thinking about that you were spacing out when I spoke to you? I asked you how you feel about that daughter of the Lightburn family. Your great-grandfather said he wants to announce the matter
during your birthday," Sasha abruptly uttered with her eyes fixated on her son. 
It so happened that Sigrun was eavesdropping outside right then. The instant she heard that, her breath caught, and she perked up her ears without daring to make a single peep.
###Chapter 1900
Chapter 1900
"Announce what?” 
About a minute passed before Ian's rather bewildered voice rang out from the room. 
Upon hearing that, Sasha was promptly taken aback. 
Huh? Why is he wearing such a perplexed expression? 
"Well, your marriage with the daughter of the Lightburn family. Ian, didn't your great-grandfather tell you about this matter back when he sought you out?” 
In a flash, Ian's gaze turned chilly. 
"What? He only told me that Sigrun wants to come here to study and that her grandfather Is his old comrade-in-arms, so he wants me to take care of her as much as possible when she comes over. When did such a farce occur?" 
By the time he enunciated the last sentence, his voice was terrifying to the core. His handsome countenance was also blanketed with a layer of ice that would chill one to the marrow. 
Sasha was dumbstruck. 
It seems that he really didn't know about this. So, what exactly is Jonathan's problem that he didn't even bother telling Ian about this? Doesn't he know that he needs to respect Ian's wishes since he's already an adult? 
She hurriedly coaxed, "All right, all right, since you weren't aware of it, we'll scrap this matter. You don't like Ms. Lightburn, do you?" 
"Mom, do you think my taste in women is that horrible?" Ian retorted.
Following that, Sasha burst into giggles. "Haha..." 
That remark had her torn between crying and laughing. 
Unbeknownst to her, Sigrun, who was eavesdropping outside, had gone entirely pale as they both joked in the room. 
Her expression had also contorted into a mask of rage. 
He doesn't like me and didn't even know about this arrangement? How's that possible? I only came over because our families measured our compatibility and agreed to the match. Only then was I sent here. Now, he's calling off our marriage with a single remark of having no feelings for me and ignorance of the matter? 
Her hands balled into such tight fists that her knuckles popped. 
The next day, Sasha woke up early in the morning after arriving at the apartment to prepare breakfast for her children. 
Unexpectedly, she discovered that someone was already bustling around in the space by the time she reached the kitchen. That aside, the fragrance of food was already wafting in the air. 
"Susan? You woke up so early?" 
She was utterly surprised when she caught a glimpse of the girl busy cooking inside upon reaching the kitchen door. 
Hearing the sound, Susan glanced back over her shoulder. At once, a shy smile bloomed on her face. 
"Yeah. Good morning, Mrs. Hayes."
"Good morning. What have you cooked? Oh my God, you're too incredible! When I heard from Vivi that you cooked for them every day, I told her not to trouble you since you're also studying. I didn't expect you to even prepare breakfast forthem!" 
When Sasha walked in and saw that the breakfast in the kitchen actually consisted of both Chanaean and western cuisines, her fondness for Susan grew. Meanwhile, Susan felt even more shy after receiving that compliment. 
Nonetheless, she was inwardly ecstatic. 
Phew! I'm glad she likes it! After all, she's their mother. 
Susan continued cracking another egg into the pan. "Mrs. Hayes, you should step out first, otherwise, your clothes will smell. I can manage by myself." 
"It's okay. I'll help you. By the way, Susan, I'd like to ask whether you know that Ian is sick," Sasha questioned out of the blue, her eyes pinned on the girl. 
Huh? 
As soon as her words fell, Susan, who had been bustling around, abruptly stilled as though frozen in time. Her fair face promptly drained of all color. 
"H-He's sick? When did that happen?" 
"You didn't know?" Sasha was inexorably disappointed to see such a reaction from her. 
She then expounded with a frown while helping at the side, "Kurt told me about it. He said Ian has been very despondent recently and even visited the psychologist two days ago. As such, I thought you'd know something since you're taking care of him here."
Clang! 
This time, Susan even dropped the spatula in her hand onto the stove. 
Sasha was wholly nonplussed. 
What's wrong with her? 
By eight o'clock, everyone had eaten breakfast. Shouldering her backpack, Susan slowly descended the stairs. She wanted to wait for Kurt to ask him about the matter of Ian visiting the psychologist. 
Recalling how he suddenly turned indifferent toward her two days ago, the unease within her ballooned. 
After she dragged her feet downstairs, however, Kurt and Vivian came downstairs hand in hand. If she wanted to ask the former her question, she would have to send Vivian away, which would arouse suspicion. 
In the end, she kept quiet. 
"Who are you waiting for? Are you waiting for him?" 
Not only did she fail to wait for the person she wanted to wait for, but an extremely annoying person appeared before her instead—Sigrun. 
Susan glanced at her, but when a trace of detestation welled within her, she walked off right away. 
"Stop right there, Susan! I have a question for you!" Unexpectedly, Sigrun, who was behind her, reached out and grabbed her. 
Having no other choice, Susan halted in her tracks and regarded Sigrun coldly. 
"What exactly do you want?"
"Nothing much. I just want to tell you something. I overheard Mrs. Hayes' conversation with Ian in his bedroom last night. It turns out that she's here because of our engagement."
###Chapter 1901
Chapter 1901
Sigrun stood in front of Susan with her arms crossed and told her that shocking news while looking all triumphant. 
Susan was wholly stunned. 
Standing there, she gaped at Sigrun blankly, feeling as though a bomb had gone off in her mind. In the blink of an eye, all thought vanished, and her mind went blank. 
Engagement? So they're getting engaged? 
"Also, were you planning to ask Kurt about Ian visiting the psychologist? Indeed, that's true. It was the same psychologist as before. Susan, you're really something else that he still has feelings for you after erasing his memories." 
"W-What are you talking about?" 
While in utter shock, Susan heard herself asking that question. 
On the heels of that, however, Sigrun dealt her another fatal blow. 
"But don't be too smug. He wanted to erase everything negative about you, so after having the psychologist restore his memories, he now remembers the entirety of his past with you." 
Once more, she viciously told Susan that brutal truth. 
Ultimately, she still went to the extreme. She was initially a girl filled with passion and enthusiasm for life, but after eavesdropping on the conversation last night, her mentality started becoming twisted. 
It was as though something that initially belonged to her was suddenly stolen away by someone else and was no longer hers.
She wanted revenge, almost mad with the thought of it, and she was desperate to take everything back. 
In the end, Susan didn't have any recollection of how she left. 
All she remembered was the fact that she was wandering aimlessly by the roadside with her backpack when her mind finally cleared up. Just then, a silver-gray Land Rover came to a stop beside her. 
"What's wrong, Ms. Limmer? Why are you walking along the roadside alone?" 
When the car window rolled down, the incredibly handsome countenance of an Epean man came into sight. It was none other than Vincent. 
Susan bit her lip hard, her eyes turning red-rimmed In an instant. 
It wasn't that she loved to cry, but her heart was currently aching terribly. Now that she was in a foreign land, as long as someone showed her an iota of concern when she seemingly couldn't see a single ray of hope in the entire world, she would inevitably break down. 
In the end, she got into the man's car. 
Little did she know that a red Lamborghini appeared no sooner had they left. Witnessing the scene before her eyes, Sasha, who was in the passenger seat, was exceedingly astonished. 
"Gosh, what was happening there? Was that Susan's boyfriend?" 
Her eyes shone brightly, and she sat up straight. 
The person driving beside her was none other than Ian.
He had taken a leave of absence that morning to accompany his mother for some fun in the city, and they left after Kurt and Vivian did. 
Alas, he witnessed such an incident. 
"No!" 
He nixed it, the look in his eyes glacial. 
Sasha immediately turned to him. "Hmm? How do you know that? Are you acquainted with him?" 
"No!" Ian snarled. 
This time, his attitude was even worse. In fact, he was a carbon copy of Sebastian back when the latter threw a tantrum with Sasha. 
Sasha didn't continue pursuing the subject any further, but she took out her phone and entered the license plate she had committed to memory. In no time, a litany of information appeared on her phone. 
"Whoa! He's actually a second lieutenant, and his family members are real aristocrats!" 
As she scanned through the information, she grew Increasingly jubilant. 
Right away, she sent a message to Sebastian back home. 
She texted: Darling, guess what I saw here! 
Sebastian replied: What is it, Darling? 
In view of his awful attitude yesterday, his tone that day was particularly gentle.
Sasha told him the news at once. 
She typed: Look, this is the car Susan just got into. How impressive! She just came over, but she managed to snag the attention of such a handsome boy with an excellent family background. 
Sebastian was rendered speechless. 
A long moment passed before he again sent a message in exasperation. 
He texted: All right, your mission is to visit Ian, Darling. How is he doing? Is he okay? 
Sasha answered: Well, if you're asking about this, he isn't doing so good emotionally. I took his pulse yesterday. Anyway, I'm bringing him out for a breather. 
Sebastian echoed: A breather? 
Sasha explained: Yes, a breather. I can then learn more about his situation. Don't forget that I once studied psychology. Back then, I even learned from a renowned professor in Jetroina for your sake. 
Seeing that, the man didn't say anything further, merely reminding her to be more careful and inform him promptly if there were any news. Then, he ended the conversation. 
Sasha likewise put her phone down. 
A while later, a map of the city flashed across her mind. She reckoned that they were going to arrive at a mall, so she suggested, "Ian, I want to watch a movie with you. Is that okay?" 
"Okay," Ian agreed. 
For the time being, he forcibly suppressed the emotions within him that were on the verge of bursting forth.
Ten minutes later, the two of them arrived at the biggest mall in the city.
###Chapter 1902
Chapter 1902
From a psychological perspective, when a person whose mind worked differently was unstable emotionally, he should be placed in a quiet and dim environment. 
That would enable him to relax completely. 
At that time, it wouldn't be difficult to get him to reveal some of the things he kept hidden in the depths of his heart. 
Sasha took Ian into the movie theatre. 
Even though she was the mother, he had long since grown up. The instant they stepped into the dark, Ian swiftly grabbed her hand as though afraid that she would trip. 
He then led her in slowly. 
"Be careful, Mom. There are steps here,” he even reminded thoughtfully in the dark. 
A smile blossomed on Sasha's face. 
She nodded and followed behind him. Soon, the two of them found their seats and sat down with some snacks In hand. 
"It's been eons since I last watched a movie with you, Ian. I still remember that the last time was when you came back from studying at the base. At that time, both Matt and Vivi were also with US," Sasha reminisced nostalgically beside her son before the movie started. 
Murmuring an acknowledgment, Ian opened the carton of milk in his hand. After inserting a straw, he handed it to his mother beside him. 
"Thank you, sweetie."
Sasha took it from him and sucked a huge mouthful in relish. 
However, she was again melancholic after she finished drinking the milk. 
"Say, Ian, all of you are growing older now. Will there still be such an opportunity to watch a movie with me in the future?" 
"Of course!" Ian answered resolutely without the slightest hesitance. 
"Don't worry, Mom. No matter how old we grow, we'll still be your children and will always keep you company." 
"But you'll all get married one day. Honestly speaking, Ian, when I heard your great-grandfather saying that he wanted to choose a wife for you, I was already a bit sorrowful. Oh, my precious son is going to get married. You're already grown up and will be leaving me in the future." 
Sasha deliberately feigned an expression of utter devastation. 
Ian was entirely dumbfounded. 
Mom's acting seems a touch too exaggerated. Oh well, what can I do when she's my mother? 
"Don't worry. It's early yet. Great-grandpa has his wires crossed," Ian reassured patiently. 
"Yeah, I think so too. Anyhow, Ian, is there anyone you like? Or what kind of girl do you like? Verily, I'm a bit curious. Can you tell me about it?" Sasha queried hopefully. 
As her words fell, she could see a flash of resistance and irritation marring her son's face in the dark.
However, after calming himself down for ten or so seconds, Ian gently replied in the face of his mother's question, "No." 
"No?" 
Sheer disappointment promptly flooded Sasha. 
Oh God, this is bad! Don't tell me he's still suffering from a mood disorder? others begin developing crushes at the tender age of sixteen, but he's already nineteen. How could he not even have anyone he likes? 
She turned and fixated her gaze on the screen. Due to her heavy heart, she didn't say anything for some while. 
Ian turned and cast his gaze over. 
Upon seeing that his mother's mood had abruptly taken a nosedive, and her expression appeared much dimmer, he pursed his thin lips in the dark. 
"Well... That's not exactly true..." 
"Huh?" 
The instant his words fell, Sasha snapped her head over. 
"What did you just say?" 
"I mean, I answered wrongly to your question earlier. There's someone, but... she's unbiddable." He pondered for a long time before he thought of that term.
Unbiddable? 
All at once, Sasha's eyes went wide. 
Good Lord! What kind of term is that? He actually needs the other person to be biddable when they're dating? This is so domineering of him, exactly the same as his father! 
All of a sudden, excitement inundated her. 
"W-Why is she not biddable? Does she not like you?" 
"No, that's not it," Ian replied morosely. 
When Sasha heard that, she grew all the more anxious. "What is it, then? Since the two of you like each other, why is she not biddable? Don't tell me you... you want-" 
"Mom!" 
The smart and brilliant Ian raised his voice several decibels, just to cut off his mother's wild imagination. 
What's she thinking? Did Daddy not teach her properly? 
In the dark, his fair face flushed bright red to the extent that he almost resembled a ripe tomato. 
Sasha went silent. 
Okay, fine, I got his meaning wrong. He's still a pure and innocent young lad. 
Subsequently, she continued asking, "Then, tell me why exactly that is. Share it with me. Perhaps I can help give you some ideas." 
"She's afraid of our family," Ian admitted.
"Huh?" Sasha gasped. 
I really don't understand. Afraid of our family? Why? Is the Jadeson family a wild beast? What's there to fear? Logically speaking, many would want to marry their daughters into a family like ours. The year Ian and Matteo came of age, countless wealthy and influential families sent someone over to feel us out. Yet, someone is now afraid? 
Truly, she couldn't make sense of it. 
However, the movie started then. In order to keep the silence, the two of them didn't talk further. Instead, they shifted their attention to the movie.
###Chapter 1903
Chapter 1903
Sasha had no idea whether the romance movie she chose was too literary or otherwise, but when she was halfway through it, she heard even breathing from beside her. 
She turned, only to see that Ian had fallen asleep. 
"Oh, well..." 
Chuckling in exasperation, she slipped off her coat and draped it over him. 
"No..." 
Without warning, her son clutched at her hard. 
Sasha was startled for a moment. 
"Ian?" 
"No... Don't take her away. Don't... disappear. I won't pester her anymore." 
He grasped her arm firmly as he brokenly uttered those words in a choked voice in his dream, as though pleading with her. 
For an instant, Sasha's mind went blank. 
She glanced around, only to be greeted by vast darkness around her as a sorrowful piece of music played from the movie. Out of the blue, realization dawned upon her. 
Her expression changed. 
This is a remarkably suitable space for hypnosis. And right now, it's also why he's in the clutches of a nightmare.
She sensed the pain in her arm increasing, and clear moisture trickled out of the corners of Ian's eyes while he was in the grips of a nightmare. 
Finally, she gritted her teeth and placed her other hand on his forehead, which was damp with cold sweat. 
There were many methods to conduct a hypnosis. 
Unfortunately, she hadn't much talent in that aspect. Back then, the only method she learned from that professor in Jetroina to save Sebastian was the emotional detachment method. It was accomplished by the massaging of some of the patient's facial acupoints. 
The professor taught her that method precisely because he took into consideration the fact that she knew тем. 
In no time, Sasha could sense her son entering a deep slumber. 
"What were you saying just now, Ian? Who's going to disappear?" 
"S-Susan..." 
Once again, Sasha was taken aback. Never had she imagined that her hypnotized son would utter that name. 
Susan? Why doesn't he want her to disappear? Also, why would she disappear? 
It took a long while for her to compose herself before she inquired, "Why? Why would she disappear?" 
Having been hypnotized, Ian replied, "Because...
Sigrith said that she didn't wish to see me... having anything to do with her daughter. She didn't want to ruin the relationship with the Jadeson family. If I insist, she... she'll disappear with them." 
Ultimately, the hypnotized lad revealed that final secret in a whimper before his mother, looking just like a little puppy that was all bruised and battered. 
Indeed, that was the truth behind his request to have his memory erased. 
When he last spoke to Susan on the phone during the holidays last year, the latter's decision to give up had hurt him badly. 
Nonetheless, he wasn't at the point of conceding defeat. 
It wasn't until Sigrith in Jadeborough received news from somewhere that he was dating her daughter, Susan. Utterly stricken, she came knocking on Ian's door the very day he returned to Jadeborough. 
The weather was extremely hot and humid that day. 
However, when Ian stepped out of the door and saw her kneeling in front of him, a sense of bone-deep chilliness enveloped him. 
Subsequently, everything he said while under hypnosis earlier transpired. 
Sigrith threatened to take Susan away from Jadeborough so that he wouldn't be able to find her forever if he maintained a romantic relationship with her. 
Ian broke down there and then. 
He knew that he couldn't stop that from happening.
Neither could he change anything, for Susan had too many concerns then. She had been overthinking in the first place and was giving up, so hope was all the more negligible with her mother's interference. 
In the end, he went abroad that night itself and sought Kurt out. 
After locking himself in his room for ten days and nights, he chose to forget those memories that tormented him. 
That was everything. 
Sasha sat in the movie theatre in stunned silence. 
She didn't even realize when the movie ended as she stared blankly at her son, who was still asleep beside her. 
"Miss? Miss?" 
Sure enough, the staff called out to her upon seeing her dazed state. 
Only then did she jolt back to her senses. 
Half an hour later, at a coffee shop beside the movie theatre, Ian thumped the back of his head that was still spinning while asking his mother, "Are you sure the milk we bought was fine, Mom? Why is my head hurting so badly?" 
"Yes, there was nothing wrong with it." 
Sasha gazed at him tenderly. 
Taking out a long and thin silver needle, she reached out and inserted it into his acupoint after having him stretch his arm out.
"Remember this, lan-no matter how old you are, you've got me and your daddy backing you up. If you encounter any problems, remember to speak to US, okay?" 
"Okay." 
Ian scrutinized his mother, whose eyes were red- rimmed, finding her behavior a tad strange. 
Why is she so sentimental all of a sudden? Also, did she cry? Was it because of the movie earlier? 
Nevertheless, he was embarrassed to voice that question since he hadn't watched the movie just now.
###Chapter 1904
Chapter 1904
Sasha didn't ask him anything else, but after leaving the coffee shop, she didn't allow Ian to drive anymore. Instead, she went to the driver's seat herself with the car key in hand. 
Seeing that, Ian didn't insist on driving either. 
Shortly after, the two of them arrived back at the apartment. 
"Ian, since you have a headache, don't go to school in the afternoon. Just rest at home. I'm going out to handle some personal matters, okay?" 
After returning to the apartment, Sasha went to the kitchen and cooked Ian a pot of thick oatmeal. She then carried it to his bedroom. 
"Okay," Ian replied docilely. 
Only then did Sasha close the room door for him before leaving. 
Half an hour later, she stepped foot into the hospital Ian once visited. 
"Hello, may I know whether Dr. Blanc is in?" 
"Yes, he's at the psychology department on the third floor.” 
The nurse pointed upstairs. 
With her bag in hand, Sasha went straight up. 
When she found the psychologist-Alain-a few minutes later, she discovered that there were quite a number of patients in his consultation room, and he was calling them in one by one to treat them. 
She took a seat outside and snagged a random newspaper to read.
After waiting for about twenty minutes, she got to her feet when she saw that the room door was finally opened. Without waiting for the nurse to call her number, she barged right into Alain's office. 
"Hey! Miss-" 
Bang! 
Sasha unceremoniously slammed the door shut. 
Alain had just taken a sip of water in his office. Upon hearing the loud noise, he immediately swung his head over. 
He was greeted by the sight of a very young woman. While the woman was dressed more maturely than young maidens, her skin was fair and delicate, and her face was exquisite without a single wrinkle. On the whole, she appeared to be a highly-educated lady at the forefront of the times. 
"Who are you?" 
"There's a patient named Ian Hayes. You're his psychologist, yes? I'm his mother." 
Sasha introduced herself graciously. 
At once, the psychologist was stunned. 
Ian Hayes' mother? Good Lord! His mother is actually so young? But why is she here? 
Suddenly, he remembered that he was beaten up because of Ian's matter the other day. At once, great unease filled him.
"Is something the matter? I've already told the young man that day that it has nothing to do with me. It was Ian's fiancee who ordered me to do so. Don't come and seek me out anymore," the cowardly Alain clarified before Sasha even said anything. 
Ian's fiancee? Is he referring to Sigrun? She even went as far as making a move against Ian? 
Sasha's eyes darkened further. 
Putting her bag down, she snagged a chair over and took a seat. 
"That's not why I sought you out. I want to ask you about the memories my son asked you to erase 
when he came here back then." 
Alain hesitated, going silent for a moment. 
At that, Sasha threatened, "You'd better speak the truth. Firstly, I'm a doctor myself and know psychology as well. A while ago, I already hypnotized him at the movie theatre. However, he only revealed part of the story. Secondly, if you plan to keep anything from me, you should know that the person sitting in front of you right now is Astoria's First Lady. You'd better think twice." 
She promptly verbalized her request and warning precisely. 
Alain's pupils started trembling. 
Astoria's First Lady? Oh my God, I actually offended such a powerful figure unknowingly? 
Not daring to hide anything further, he narrated the whole series of events when Ian came for treatment.
"Your son was in agonizing pain when he first came here. He said he fell in love with someone he shouldn't have. That person was his aunt. The gulf between their identities and their elders' ion tormented him greatly.” 
Sasha was at a loss for words, and her mind stalled once more. 
Never had she imagined that her eldest son, who was the most obedient among her three children, would actually have such a shocking story when it came to matters of the heart. 
In that case, this is most likely the reason Susan abruptly proposed acknowledging her roots previously and later changed her name. Does that mean she has changed her mind? 
She plunged Into a deep contemplation. 
"M-Mrs. Hayes?" 
"Hmm?" 
Sasha lifted her head and looked at Alain with a frown. 
"A-Actually, I didn't seal those memories completely back when I hypnotized your son. If you're also a psychologist, you can unlock them," Alain explained. 
"Unlock them?" 
The furrow between Sasha's brows deepened. 
No, I don't wish for my son to be In such torment. I've already witnessed his pain at the movie theater, and it was the first time I've seen him in such agony after reconciling with him when he was five years old. Therefore, why should I unlock those memories? 
Sigrith was selfish, so why can't I do the same?
She left the hospital and headed straight for the school. 
At school, Susan, who had just finished her morning classes and was going to have lunch, received a phone call from Vincent out of the blue. He said he had waited for her outside for the entire morning.
###Chapter 1905
Chapter 1905
Susan didn't know how to respond. 
She wanted to decline, but upon hearing that he had waited the entire afternoon, she still came out to meet him. 
However, she didn't imagine she would see the familiar red Lamborghini drive over and stop beside her when she was about to get on the Land Rover. 
"Susan, where are you going? Is he your boyfriend?" 
Sasha stepped out of the Lamborghini and calmly assessed the guy with blond hair and blue eyes sitting in the Land Rover and the young girl who was about to get on it. 
It was disappointing, to say the least, after witnessing such a similar scene again. I would've been happy for her if I didn't know about it. However, now that I do, it feels so disappointing. Does everything my son did for her isn't enough? 
Since he was young, I have never seen him do so many things out of character. He has always been withdrawn and lived in his own world, innocent like a blank canvas. Yet, he learned how to lie to his dad and followed her everywhere because he liked her. 
I understand everyone has the right to reject, but that right doesn't allow one to stomp on another's passionate and sincere feelings. No matter if it's Sigrith or my own daughter. 
Sasha merely stared at her. "Are you getting in the car?" 
Susan immediately released the handle of the car door. 
"N-No." 
"Okay."
Sasha was slightly satisfied with Susan's answer and swung her gaze to the second lieutenant, Vincent. 
"Apologies. I'm one of the Jadesons. Susan used to spend time at the Jadeson residence when she was younger. I came here specifically to see her. Your trip might be a waste today." 
After a long silence, Vincent finally turned to look at the elegant yet domineering woman and nodded shamefully. 
Soon, he pulled away from the campus' gate and left. 
After the trunk of his car disappeared, Sasha turned to the girl standing beside her with anxiousness and nervousness evident on her face. 
"Should we go and have lunch? I suppose your lectures have ended." 
"Okay," Susan braced herself and answered. 
The two were about to get in Sasha's Lamborghini when a girl raced toward the gate from inside the campus. Excitement was written all over the girl's face when she spotted the two were still there. 
"Mrs. Hayes, what are you doing here? I would've come out to greet you if you told me you were coming." 
It was Sigrun. 
Susan's face immediately paled upon recognizing the girl was Sigrun. She wanted nothing more than the ground to open up and swallow her at that moment. 
Sigrun's words had upset her so much that she skipped her lectures that morning. Her chest felt stuffy the entire morning. It was suffocating.
Susan instantly turned her back to Sigrun. 
Sasha turned and glimpsed to her side, but Sigrun wasn't the one she was looking at. Sasha's gaze was focused on the pale-faced girl staring out the car window. 
Sasha stared at her silently for a long while. 
Noticing Sasha wasn't paying attention, Sigrun asked, "Mrs. Hayes?" 
Done with the pretense, Sasha said, "Just the person I want to see today. I visited Ian's psychologist this afternoon, and he said you asked him to help Ian recover his lost memories?" 
Sigrun didn't expect Sasha to ask her so directly in public. 
Her bright smile froze. After staring at Sasha briefly, all the blood drained from her face leaving her pale as a ghost. 
"Mrs. Hayes, I don't know what you're talking about." 
"Is that so? Then, should I take you over to the psychologist and ask him directly?" Sasha retorted coldly. 
Hearing that, Sigrun didn't dare to speak another word. Panic engulfed her at that moment, and even her neck was flushed red as she stood there panic and ashamed. 
Susan finally turned her face toward the two. 
She was beyond stunned at Sasha's confrontation. 
"Recover his memories? Sigrun, why did you ask the psychologist to do so? Didn't you hear what Kurt said? Ian wants those memories gone. How could you ask the psychologist to recover them without
asking for Ian's permission first?" 
In a few short seconds, Susan was a whole different person. She had stomped toward Sigrun and grabbed her by the collar. 
Even Sasha was taken aback at her sudden change. 
Does she needs to be so fierce? 
"1-1 didn't," Sigrun stammered with guilt under Susan's pressure. 
However, Susan's anger grew at Sigrun's denial. Susan recalled Ian suddenly treated her coldly two days ago and made the connection. 
"You didn't? How dare you say you didn't! That day when the Foreign Affairs minister's wife called me over to her place, Ian was the one who fetched me back that night. I heard from Vivian the next morning that you'd waited a long time that night. So you saw us? 
"You saw us, didn't you? That was the reason for your revenge, right? Once he recovers his memories, I won't be in your way any longer, is that it?" 
As her mind continued to connect the dots and made the deductions, Susan lobbed one after another question at Sigrun. 
Sigrun couldn't come up with an answer under Susan's fierce interrogation, so she merely kept silent, dropping her gaze to the ground. Susan's fierceness had stunned Sasha momentarily, who was standing beside the Lamborghini.
###Chapter 1906
Chapter 1906
Snapping out of her shock, Sasha folded her arms over her chest and calmly watched the two girls argue. 
It looks like I was wrong earlier. It wasn’t that Susan didn't care about my son, but she buried her feelings for him deep inside her. However, she'll turn into a lioness on any issues related to Ian. 
Memories of Devin's incident rose to her forefront. I remembered the scene when Sabrina went to Yaleview alone. Why are all these women so tough? 
"Say something!" 
Crack! 
The already furious Susan had rage pouring through her when Sigrun didn't respond. In her blind haze of rage, she unconsciously tightened her grip on Sigrun's finger, eliciting the sound of something breaking. 
The sound triggered Sasha's temper. 
"All right. Susan, calm down. Let me handle this." 
Sasha hurriedly came up to the two girls and extracted Sigrun's fingers from Susan's grip when Susan was about to choke Sigrun. 
She wouldn't have gotten this mad if she didn't care about my son's well-being, so she must've valued Ian's life more than hers. 
Sasha gently patted Susan's back in an effort to calm her down. 
The gentleness in her gaze turned sharp as she directed it toward Sigrun. The soft expression on her face turned stony. 
"Ms. Lightburn, I'll Inform your father about this once I return. I also want to talk to you about something else. Even though Old Mr. Jadeson and your grandfather were the ones who decided on your engagement with Ian, I've already told Ian's father prior that we would respect Ian's wishes. So I asked Ian about the engagement last night, and he disapproved of it because he doesn't have feelings for you. With that, I'll have Old Mr. Jadeson visit your grandfather later to give him an explanation to annul the engagement." 
Since Sasha was already confronting Sigrun about Ian's memory, she figured she might as well be frank about her decision to call off their engagement too. 
Sigrun, who had finally calmed down, felt the world was crashing down on her. On the other hand, Susan snapped her head to Sasha with surprise and glee in her eyes. 
So that was what they were talking about last night. The gloominess in her chest finally dispersed. She quickly ducked her head and looked down at her toes, hiding the fact that she was holding back the tears swimming in her eyes. 
Sasha pretended not to see Susan's tears and had Susan get in her car, leaving Sigrun there. 
Around ten minutes later, Susan had collected herself and finally noticed they weren't heading downtown. Instead, they were on the road back to the apartment. 
"Mrs. Hayes, this is...?" 
"Yeah, I suddenly remembered Ian hadn't had lunch yet, so I think we should return to the apartment. Are you okay with that?" Sasha asked intentionally.
She caught Susan immediately dropping her head to glance at her watch through the rearview mirror. "He hasn't had lunch? Why didn't you say so earlier, Mrs. Hayes? We should hurry back then." 
"Okay." 
Sasha's lips lifted into a smile. 
Every mother only wants their children to live a happy and healthy life with their significant others. 
When they got back to the apartment, Susan had Sasha go up to the unit first as she went to the corner store to get some groceries. She raced back to the apartment once she was done with the chore. 
Ian heard the commotion and came out of his room. 
He was puzzled when he saw Sasha, who just left not long ago, was back at his place again. 
"Mommy, you-" 
"Okay, I'm back. I bought fish so we could make the lemon butter fish dish that Ian likes. I also bought the tofu he likes. We can make stir fry with it." 
Susan rushed through the front door with a bag of groceries and started listing out what she was planning to cook, not noticing Ian was right there in the living room. 
Sasha merely stood there silently with a smile. 
When Susan finally noticed Ian was in the same room, she froze on the spot. 
"Y-You're awake."
"I didn't sleep." 
Ian could only manage that reply since Sasha was present too. 
Sasha chipped in, "Ian, I was the one who told Susan you had a headache. Susan got worried and wanted to rush back here to take care of you. She didn't even want to have lunch with me anymore." 
With blushing cheeks, Susan looked at Sasha with disbelief. She never thought the matriarch of the Jadesons household could lie so smoothly. 
"M-Mrs. Hayes, I-" 
"Okay, Susan. Let's go to the kitchen and prepare lunch. I should help you, but my back hurts. How about this? I'll sit on a stool beside you and direct you on what to do. Ian, come over here and lend Susan a hand." 
Sasha ordered her son to help out. 
Both Ian and Susan didn't even have a chance to say no. 
In the end, they went to the kitchen while Sasha sat on the side watching them with a bowl of fruit in her hand. 
It was outrageous.
###Chapter 1907
Chapter 1907
Due to Ian's lack of skill and knowledge, lunch took an hour to finish preparing. 
"What's wrong with my mom today?" Ian asked. 
"I don't know," Susan answered hesitantly. 
"Where did you meet her?" Ian questioned. 
Susan stayed silent, not daring to answer his question because she was about to get in someone else's car when she met Sasha. 
Susan guilty carried her dishes to the dining table. "Let's eat first and talk later. Mrs. Hayes, lunch is ready." 
"Lunch is ready?" 
Sasha was having a good time sunbathing on the balcony before Susan called for her. She left the balcony and walked to the dining room. 
There were pork ribs, lemon butter fish, mushroom soup, and even steak and salmon. 
Sasha was ecstatic at the variety of food. 
As she took a seat, gratification filled her when she saw her capable daughter-in-law serving soup for her. 
"Mommy, you... Why are you smiling the whole time?" 
"Huh?" 
Sasha turned her head to see Ian who was observing her with a strange look. 
Sasha chided herself internally. I need to control myself. 
Susan was preparing to return to campus after lunch while Ian had taken leave that day, so he planned to spend the rest of the day with Sasha. 
However, Sasha had already booked her return flight after lunch. 
"Ian, Susan, I have to return as your dad is looking for me." 
"Huh?" 
Both Ian and Susan were stunned at her sudden change in plan, especially Ian. 
His heart turned heavy after hearing the news. 
"Mommy, didn't you say you plan to stay here for a couple of days? Why is Daddy even looking for you anyway? He couldn't find his shirt at home or he couldn't eat without you by his side?" 
"Hey!" 
Sasha didn't know how to rebuke Ian's smart mouth. 
I'm not heading home for Sebastian but Ian. I need to urgently settle his affairs and matters regarding the Lightburn family and Sigrith. 
Sasha had Ian send her to the airport. 
"Ian, I want to ask you something. Do you truly like the girl you told me about this afternoon at the cinema? Are you sure she is the person you want to spend the rest of your life with?"
Screech! 
Her sudden question shocked Ian into jamming on the brakes. 
"Mommy, you-" With his ears turning red, Ian couldn't finish his sentence from the embarrassment at having the girl he liked being brought up in their conversation. 
How did our conversation get there? We were talking just fine earlier, so why is she suddenly asking me about this out of nowhere? 
In that split second, he noticed how his mother's usually gentle and humorous expression had turned serious. 
"I'm not joking with you. When I married your dad at eighteen, my life had just started, and I had a bright prospect ahead of me. 
"However, I didn't hesitate and decided to marry him right away when I heard that I could marry him. I was sure I wanted to spend the rest of my life with him. Ian, everyone needs to make numerous decisions in their life, including choosing their significant other. If you're sure about her, then don't ever let go of her. Sometimes, thinking too much will only lead you to regret," Sasha earnestly advised. 
Of course, I can't tell Ian I hypnotized him before and therefore knew everything about him. He'll be very upset if he finds out since he has a strong sense of pride. Besides, I hope he can find the stuff he has thrown away back using his own means. 
Ian didn't respond and merely stared dead ahead as though he was mulling over her advice. 
Sasha knew he needed some time to think, so she didn't bother him. Instead, she reached for her phone and texted her daughter, telling Vivian she would be flying off soon.
Vivian texted back almost immediately: Mommy! Didn't you say you were going to spend a few days here? How come you're going back now? 
Vivian cried on the spot when she heard about her mom leaving. 
Sasha's fingers instantly tapped on her phone quickly trying to comfort Vivian. 
I'm sorry, Vivi. I need to meet with your dad urgently, but I'll be back to visit you when I have time. Don't worry. 
Vivian sent a crying face emoji. 
Suddenly, Kurt texted: Okay, stop crying. There is Easter holiday in April. I can take you to visit your mom then. 
Vivian was so ecstatic that she could only manage to send:!!!! 
Then, she smiled again. 
Sasha was relieved when she saw Kurt caring for Vivian. 
Sasha left the city that same day. 
When everyone returned to the apartment that night, they were surprised that Sigrun didn't come back. 
Vivian asked, "Why isn't Sigrun back yet? Did she have something going on?" 
Susan didn't say anything and buried her head into what she was doing. 
Ian didn't even listen to the conversation and focused on the pealing scallions in the kitchen. His long slender fingers fiddling with the vegetable were like a work of art.
###Chapter 1908
Chapter 1908
Susan peered at Ian a few times with confusion. Why is he suddenly helping me? Did his mother nag at him to help me before she left? 
Crack! 
A sudden sharp sound cut through the silence. 
Susan looked over to Ian and saw that he had snapped the scallions into two parts. 
There was a silence that hung in the air for a while before Susan finally broke it. 
"You have to do it this way. Come, I'll show you how." 
Her fair fingers reached for the scallions in his grasp and patiently showed him how to prepare them. 
Ian lowered his head and watched intently. 
He was surprised that she didn't chase him out of the kitchen. With the stalk gone from his fingers, he let out a relieved sigh and shifted his gaze to the tiny beads of sweat on the tip of Susan's nose. 
Each bead was clear and shiny, like the morning dew bathing under the soft morning sun. 
"Okay." 
Susan finally finished preparing the scallions and passed them over to Ian. 
As she looked up at him, a hint of uneasiness flashed across his face swiftly, and he turned his face to the other side. 
Susan didn't comment anything about his weird expression. 
After that, none of them spoke until they finished preparing the dishes.
Back in the living room, Vivian finally found out the reason Sigrun didn't come back that night-she had flown back to her country. 
"Why so sudden? She just left without even saying goodbye," Vivian complained, upset at Sigrun's rudeness. 
Kurt crossed the room over to her, patting her head to comfort her, then tugged her over to the dining table. 
"Just ignore her. Let's eat. I'll take you out to have fun later." 
"What are we going later?" 
Hearing she would be having fun later, Vivian Immediately directed her attention to Kurt. 
Kurt gave her a card about the new Esports room that opened nearby. He bought one on his way back. 
Vivian beamed with excitement looking at the card. 
She gobbled down her dinner and dashed up the stairs to change into something casual, then rushed back down and pulled Kurt out of the house. 
"Susan and Ian, do you guys want to come with US?" 
Pausing at the door, she didn't forget about the other two in the house. 
Vivian remembered her mom's instruction to stop addressing Susan as Aunt Susan. 
Ian didn't answer her. 
Susan rejected immediately, "I won't be going. I have to take Lotus out for a walk later." 
"Okay. How about you, Ian?" Vivian asked as she glanced over at him.
He replied instantly this time. "I am busy. I have something to do tonight." 
Something to do? What else is he doing? Isn't he just playing games at home? 
Vivian whirled around and walked out the door with Kurt in tow. 
After they left, the apartment became silent. Susan went to the kitchen to wash the dishes while Ian returned to his room. Once she came out of the kitchen, she heard the dog barking downstairs. 
"Lotus?" 
Shocked at its sudden barking, Susan raced to Lotus' side to see some kids were throwing stones at Lotus. 
"What are you kids doing? How could you throw stones at it!” Infuriated, Susan strode over to Lotus and picked up the dog. 
However, the kids weren't scared of her. They didn't apologize but made an ugly face at her before running off. Susan almost cussed at the anger rolling through her. 
What kind of children are these? 
Susan hurriedly checked the dog In her arms with concern. 
"Oh my goodness! Lotus, you're bleeding!" Her expression turned frantic, and her eyes glistened with tears when she noticed the wound on the dog's head was bleeding profusely. 
"Ian?" 
She began to look up at the apartment and shouted for Ian.
The window to Ian's room opened and Ian's handsome face poked out of the window to see what was going on. 
Susan was looking at him with red eyes and tears on her lashes. 
About twenty minutes later, they were at a nearby veterinary hospital. 
"Miss, we can't treat your dog since you haven't registered it. If you wish to consult the vet, you'll have to register for a microchip and fill out the relevant forms. We can only treat your dog once the system updates your dog's information." 
Both Ian and Susan didn't expect the vet to refuse to treat Lotus because it was not registered. 
Lotus was indeed not registered. 
From the first day she arrived in the city, Susan had been queuing to register Lotus, but even after a month, it still wasn't her turn. The city council wasn't very efficient at their work. 
Susan was crying again when she glanced at the unmoving dog. 
"What should we do, Ian?" 
"Calm down," Ian said, then walked over to the vet. 
Before long, he came out of the room, and Lotus was taken into the operating theater, stunned, Susan just watched the turn of events. 
"H-How did you get the vet to agree? Didn't the vet say Lotus needs to be registered first?" 
"Oh, I reprogrammed that stupid system and added Lotus' details into it,” Ian answered nonchalantly. 
Susan was shocked by his answer.
That is Yartran's pet registration system. Did he just nonchalantly say he reprogrammed the system?
###Chapter 1909
Chapter 1909
By the time Lotus was discharged from the pet hospital, where it received a few stitches on its head, it was almost midnight. 
Holding the dog on a leash, Susan had wanted to hail a taxi home. Unfortunately, when the taxi drivers saw that it was two youngsters with a dog at that ungodly hour, none of the drivers were willing to take them. 
Left without a choice, both of them rented a bicycle for the journey home. 
Lotus sat on top while they walked alongside it. 
“Ian, I’m so exhausted that I can’t another step,” Susan complained pitifully. After maintaining an uncomfortable posture to support the dog, she could no longer keep it up. 
She had barely spoken when Ian, who was pushing the bicycle, stopped in his tracks. 
Turning around to look at her in the dark and deserted street, he plainly instructed, “Get on.” 
Susan was surprised. “Huh? l-lf I get on, where is Lotus going to sit?” 
“Carry it!” 
Finally, there was a minute change in his emotion, one that reflected the frustration he felt. 
When Susan realized her dimwittedness, she threw him an awkward glance.
Blushing till her ears were red, she hurriedly climbed up the bicycle where she hugged Lotus, brimming with elation. 
“Ian, are we…. heavy?” 
“Not at all.” 
“Okay.” 
The sparkle on Susan’s eyes glowed with greater intensity. 
That night, the pair, together with a dog, made their journey back to the apartment amidst romance in the air. The most surprising fact was that Lotus stayed obediently in Susan’s arms and didn’t make a fuss at all. 
As long as Susan was happy, Lotus too would share its owner’s bliss. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian picked Sasha up from the airport, it was almost midnight. 
She raised the matter with him on their journey home all the way until they got home. 
“Sebby, Ian’s engagement to the Lightburn family has to be canceled!” 
“Does he to it?” 
Sebastian, sharp as usual, instantly thought of the issue. 
Sasha responded with a nod. 
“On top of that, Sigrun’s character is very questionable. If I hadn’t visited them, I would have noticed that she was willing to hurt Ian just to achieve her goals.”
“What did you just say? She harmed him?” 
Amidst the growing tension in his voice, Sebastian had a grim look on his face. 
Sasha proceeded to relate to him everything that happened at Atlantius. 
The more Sebastian heard about the matter, the greater his disapproval. 
“Even if you set aside Susan’s past, we can’t guarantee something similar wouldn’t happen after they get married. I might sympathize with her jealousy, but that doesn’t justify hurting others. Do you still remember Roxanne? She was jealous that I had taken you from her, so she forcefully changed your memories through hypnosis despite knowing how weak you were. Consequently, her actions had dealt significant damage to your health. I can see Sigrun is no different from her.” 
Sasha’s temper flared as she spoke, for she now hated Sigrun as much as she did Roxanne back in the day. 
Jealousy should never be the reason to harm someone else. Isn’t Susan just as devastated to see Ian together with Sigrun? And why didn’t she do anything to harm the latter? 
By then, Sebastian’s face was already brimming with rage. 
Cognizant of Sasha’s exasperation, he brought her a glass of water and patted her on the shoulder, indicating that he would deal with the matter accordingly. 
With that, he headed to Jonathan’s room it was past midnight. 
The next day, the fuming Jonathan got up early, intending to visit the Lightburn family. 
Unexpectedly, a Jeep in military green had already arrived outside Oceanic Estate before he stepped out. A short while later, an angry-looking old man with a headful of white hair came in with
a crying girl in tow. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, I’m glad I finally get to see you. I’m truly sorry for the trouble this useless granddaughter of mine has caused you. Thus, I have brought her here so that you can punish her as you see fit.” 
The old man was none other than Lucius Lightburn. He had brought Sigrun, who rushed back the night before, over to apologize first thing in the morning. 
Their sudden arrival had caused Jonathan to be stunned and stood still. 
Standing behind him, Sasha wore a gloomy expression the entire morning. 
This girl is craftier than I expected. Realizing that there’s no way out after being exposed, she rushed back at the same time I did so that she could take the initiative to own up to her mistake. 
An icy glint flashed across Sasha’s eyes when the thought struck her. 
Due to Jonathan’s presence, both grandfather and granddaughter were invited into Oceanic Estate. The moment they entered, Lucius shoved Sigrun toward Jonathan. 
Thud! 
“Ah!” 
The dull sound of the impact was followed by Sigrun’s agonizing cry. 
Lucius thundered, “What are you crying for? How dare you have the cheek to cry after committing such a grave mistake? Let me tell you, even if Old Mr. Jadeson beats you to death today, you deserve every bit of it!”
Given how convincing his words were, it was a waste of Lucius’ talent not to have chosen acting as his career.
###Chapter 1910
Chapter 1910
Despite spending his entire life on the bloody battlefield and never batting an eyelid at all the gruesome scenes he had witnessed, Jonathan suddenly wavered at his former subordinate’s attempt at eliciting pity. 
“A-About that-” 
“Old Mr. Lightburn, from my perspective, you’re overestimating the gravity of the situation. Grandpa would definitely not do anything of that sort to someone younger. Thus, I think it’s wise to help your granddaughter back to her feet.” 
Sasha had stepped forward to preempt Jonathan’s answer, standing defiantly in the center of the living room, she calmly deflected the pressure Lucius was exerting. 
Just when Lucius was getting carried away with his reprimand, he looked up upon hearing Sasha’s words. 
In that instant, he felt his heart sink. 
Isn’t that Old Mr. Jadeson’s granddaughter-in-law? And the lady of the Jadeson household? She’s a clever one. If not for her, Sigrun’s actions in school would never have been exposed. 
A sense of dread began to creep into him. 
“Old Mr. Jadeson, is this your granddaughter-in-law?” 
“Yes, yes. That’s her.” 
Jonathan, who was mired in a dilemma, nodded vehemently as if he was clutching at straws. 
No sooner had he replied than Lucius dragged Sigrun up and flung her at Sasha’s feet.
“Look, this is your future mother-in-law, you fool. Of all the things to do, why did you have to harm someone? If she hadn’t gone over, you-” 
“Wait!” 
Sasha stopped him, as she couldn’t bear to listen to another word. 
“Old Mr. Lightburn, let me put it this way. Firstly, since the children are yet to be married, it’s inappropriate to address me that way. Secondly, we are planning to annul the marriage contract. I’m sorry if I didn’t manage to let you know in time,” Sasha asserted without hesitation. 
In that instant, her words drained the blood out of Sigrun and Lucius’ faces. 
“Cancel? On what basis? Have I heard it wrongly? Old Mr. Jadeson, you were the one who came to me and propose the marriage contract back then. I never had the 
intention of ingratiating myself with the Jadeson family at all.” 
Lucius, who was suddenly worked up, threw the ball back into Jonathan’s court. In fact, he sounded as if he was demanding answers from the latter. 
Stumped by the question, Jonathan blushed in embarrassment. 
“You’re right. It was my idea from the beginning.” 
“In that case, how can you cancel it on a whim? Old Mr. Jadeson, that would be crossing the line. Even though I’m your subordinate, it’s still unfair to the child. Now that all our relatives know she will be married into the Jadeson family, how is she going to continue living if you cancel the engagement all of a sudden?” 
D*mn it, he has the audacity to bring up the issue of how she is going to live her life going forth.
Unable to help her curiosity, Sasha asked someone beside her, “What was his position when he served Grandpa last time?” 
“Mrs. Jadeson, I heard that he was the Chief of staff,” someone replied. 
Chief of Staff? No wonder he’s so shrewd. 
Once again, Sasha watched as Jonathan’s face turned red from the insinuations. 
“Old Mr. Lightburn, please calm down. With regard to this matter, l-l’ll-” 
“Old Mr. Lightburn, why are you resorting to emotional blackmail? This is no longer the era of arranged marriages. Back when Grandpa spoke to you about it, I’m sure he didn’t promise that it was set in stone. In fact, I 
clearly remember telling him-when he brought up the matter with me-that unless my son agrees to it, it would never count,” Sasha responded on Jonathan’s behalf. 
Jonathan nodded to acknowledge her words. “Right, right. Sasha did tell me that back then.” 
“But that wasn’t what you told me. You said that you had an eye for my granddaughter because of how pretty and kind she was. In fact, you even declared that she’s the perfect candidate to be your great-granddaughter-in-law!” 
Just when Jonathan struggled to squeeze out an answer, he was instantly rebuffed by the agitated Lucius, who denied that Jonathan had ever told him that. 
Truth be told, Jonathan had really messed up. 
Subsequently, Sasha softened her tone. “Old Mr. Lightburn, if that’s what you think, I’ll admit that Grandpa did make a mistake. Why don’t we do this-the Jadesons will compensate you a sum of
money, how about that?” 
“Money?” 
Lucius was outraged by the suggestion. 
“Mrs. Jadeson, do you think money can solve this problem? Did you actually think that just because the Jadesons are rich, you can settle everything with a snap of your fingers?” 
Infuriated by Lucius’s outrageous words, Sasha felt a burning sensation in her face. 
Just when she was about retort, a towering figure finally came down from upstairs. 
“Since that’s the case, let’s do it by the book. Mark, go to Yartran and find out what the granddaughter has done in school. When you’re done, report the result of the investigation in front of the two families. We’ll then let them weigh in on whether the marriage contract should still continue.” 
Just as Sebastian strolled out of the elevator, his frosty gaze shifted from the grandfather to the granddaughter. In that instant, everyone could feel the rising tension in the atmosphere.
###Chapter 1911
Chapter 1911
Sebastian? 
The raging anger within Lucius was instantly doused. 
At the sight of Sebastian, the arrogance he displayed dissipated within seconds. 
Report to both families? If it came to that, no one in Jadeborough would dare to marry Sigrun, let alone continue with the marriage contract. In fact, the Lightburn family’s reputation would be utterly ruined! 
Lucius no longer had the cheek to continue dwelling on the matter. 
When he saw the ashen look on his former subordinate’s face, Jonathan’s heart softened as he recalled that he was the one who was first at fault. 
As a result, he got to his feet. 
“All right now, Old Mr. Lightburn. Since I, too, bear responsibility for the matter, why don’t we just cancel the marriage contract on the basis of the children’s disagreement? In return, I’ll arrange for your grandson to join the army as my apology. Isn’t that what he always wanted?” 
Lucius fell silent, as it was an attractive proposition indeed. 
He was now provided with an opportunity to save face, while the Lightburn family was given the chance to achieve glory similar to that of Sigrun marrying into the Jadeson family. 
Just as expected, Lucius was satisfied with the arrangement and prepared to leave with his granddaughter.
No sooner had he made a move than Sigrun-who had seen her dreams collapse before her-went amok. 
“No! It’s not like that. I didn’t do it out of jealousy, as the problem lies with the two of them. Susan, despite being Ian’s aunt, is salivating all over him and sticks to his side like glue. It was she who behaved shamefully first. I did what I did just to protect myself!” Sigrun screamed as if she had gone raving mad. 
Susan? 
She had barely spoken when the minds of everyone present were blown. All of them stared at Sigrun in disbelief. 
How is that possible? She is his aunt, while he’s her nephew! 
A grave expression descended upon Jonathan’s face. 
“What did you say? Let me warn you, I have forgiven you on the account of your grandfather. If you continue to spew venomous lies, I’ll not show you any more mercy!” he roared with his eyes spitting fire. 
Lucius, too, was enraged. 
Reaching out to grab her, he dragged her back and got her to shut up. 
“You fool, have you not embarrassed yourself enough? How dare you make such baseless accusations?” 
“I’m not. It’s the truth. In fact, Susan herself has admitted it to me. She told me the reason she acknowledged her family’s heritage and changed the way she greets all of you is to enable her to marry into the Jadeson family. If you don’t believe me, you can ask her about it!”
Sigrun continued to shriek. Vengeance had driven her into a rampage to drag everyone down with her. 
As silence descended upon the room, Jonathan sat frozen as if his head had been hit by a sledgehammer, while his expression mirrored that of a raging inferno. 
As someone who lived through the conservative era, titles, reputation, and decency were virtues that he valued highly. 
Cognizant of the incendiary atmosphere, the enraged Sasha dashed forward and gave Sigrun-who was laughing hysterically in schadenfreude-a forceful slap. 
Slap! 
The crisp sound of the impact reverberated throughout the quiet living room. 
Dazed from the strike, Sigrun held her face and gave Sasha a look of disbelief. “You…” 
“This slap is to teach you-on behalf of your family- when to quit when you’ve already failed. Didn’t your mom teach you any manners when she raised you?” 
Slap! 
Another strike was heard. 
The fuming Sasha struck Sigrun another time in front of everyone in the living room. 
“This one is to remind you to keep your nose out of the Jadeson family’s business. Even the White House does not interfere in our family affairs, so who do you think you are? Let me tell you, if I hear another word out of your mouth. I’ll make sure you disappear from the face of the earth!”
Straightening her collar, Sasha looked down at Sigrun and unleashed a tirade at her. At that moment, everyone was overwhelmed by the intimidating aura exuded by the lady of the Jadeson household. 
The last time she had demonstrated such ruthlessness was when she eradicated the Jadesons of The Ataraxy. 
Despite her usual warmth and congeniality, no one was to forget that she wasn’t one to be trifled with. After all, she was the lady of the most powerful family in the nation, who was even feared by the White House. 
As for Sigrun, she was at a loss for words after being hit. 
Her hands trembled violently as she looked fearfully at 
Sasha, whose flaring temper struck fear into everyone present. 
“M-Mrs. Jadeson, Sigrun doesn’t know any better. I know you’re a magnanimous person, so please, forgive her this once.” 
Having regained his senses, Lucius hurried to Sigrun’s side to plead for mercy. In fact, he was just this close to dropping to his knees. 
Unfortunately for him, Sasha couldn’t care less about his appeal. 
As her fiery gaze swept across the living room, she could see the shock on everyone’s faces as they stared at her. Only Sebastian, who was sitting on the couch with his legs crossed, wasn’t surprised at all by her behavior. 
She sneered, “Nonetheless, it doesn’t matter anymore. Since you have bought up the matter, I will answer your question. You’re right. The Jadesons and Limmers are preparing to enter a marriage
alliance.” 
“Sasha…” 
Jonathan sprang to his feet the instant he heard the revelation.
###Chapter 1912
Chapter 1912
“What are you babbling about? A marriage alliance between the Jadesons and Limmers? What Limmers? Sebastian, look at your wife. How can you allow her to make such delirious remarks?” 
Jonathan threw Sebastian an anxious look. 
However, what came as a surprise to everyone was how ridiculously calm he was. In fact, he looked like everything he heard was well within his expectations. 
“No, she isn’t. What’s wrong with what she just said?” 
Even though he turned his attention to Jonathan with a face void of emotions, his piercing gaze sent a chill down everyone’s eyes. 
Jonathan almost blew his top. 
“How can there not be a problem? Susan is Colton’s daughter. When she was living with the Jadesons, she was considered Ian’s aunt. Now that they’re going to get married, wouldn’t it be incest?” 
Overwhelmed by anger, Jonathan had lost any regard for his speech. 
Crash! 
In that instant, Sebastian, equally enraged, smashed the coffee cup he was holding onto the table. 
“What do you mean incest? Since when are they related by blood? Based on your logic, the fact that I, who have
been raised by Frederick who is of your age, am addressing you as Grandpa would be equally inappropriate.” 
“You…” 
Jonathan was so angry that he was stumped for words. 
In the end, Mark, hoping to de-escalate the situation, came over to persuade Jonathan, “Old Mr. Jadeson, let me help you back to your room. We’ll talk about this later.” 
With that, he led Jonathan, who was still rolling his eyes in anger, away. 
Only then did peace return to the living room. 
Meanwhile, Lucius raised his head, thinking that Jonathan’s violent reaction had given them a chance. 
Much to his dismay, his vision was met by a frosty gaze that sent a shiver down his spine, leaving him speechless. 
“Lucius, we have said everything there is to say. Hence, I trust that you’re smart enough not to do anything to displease me.” 
The way Sebastian put things caused Lucius to tremble again. 
What does he mean by anything that displeases him? 
Obviously, Sebastian was warning them against pursuing the matter further and starting malicious rumors about it. 
Nevertheless, Sasha wasn’t worried about the second point. From her perspective, it wasn’t a big deal as long as Ian and Susan weren’t related by blood. After all, there were plenty of married
couples in the world who were also relatives in name. 
Since the law allowed it, she couldn’t understand why the conservative elderly found it difficult to accept the fact. 
When she arrived upstairs and saw that Sebastian was right behind her, she asked, “You don’t look surprised at all. Have you known about the matter all along?” 
Sebastian didn’t reply. 
It wasn’t that he knew, but he did have a hunch about it, especially after his trip to Yeringham. 
There, Ian was arrested by the police for destroying public property in a fit of rage. The event had served to intensify Sebastian’s suspicions further. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian brought a glass to the water dispenser and filled some water for himself. 
“I just didn’t expect him to be that daring.” 
“Daring?” Sasha knitted her brows. 
“It isn’t him being daring. Instead, it’s because he lacks a sense of security. Unlike Matteo and Vivi who are more outgoing, he’s more introverted and prefers to immerse himself in his own world, as there’s where he feels most comfortable,” Sasha analyzed patiently. 
Sebastian nodded in agreement. “What happened after that? Since he’s engrossed in his own world, how did Susan manage to enter it?” 
“That’s because she has been kind and attentive to him since they were kids. Don’t you remember? During Christmas one year, the present he received from Grandpa was different from everyone else’s because there wasn’t enough to go around.
“Later on, Ian was upset the entire night because he was very sensitive. What’s more, he knew his great-grandpa treated him differently from all the other children. As I was busy then, I didn’t realize what was going on. It wasn’t until Susan headed out to get him the same gift and told him that it was from his great-grandpa that he finally cheered up,” Sasha related the past incident. 
Even though it had occurred many years ago when Ian was only about seven or eight, she remembered the incident vividly. Susan, who was not even ten then, not only understood his feelings but also went out of her way to get him the same gift. 
Consequently, it was hard not to be fond of someone like that. 
Sebastian fell silent after Sasha finished. 
/ can’t deny the fact that it would do Ian a lot of good to have a girl that’s caring and attentive by his side. 
“In that case, what do you plan to do? Are you really going to announce the engagement with the Limmer family?” 
In the end, that was his only question, as his role in his children’s marriages was as an executor. The one who made the decisions was naturally his dear wife. 
No sooner had he spoken than Sasha shook her head. 
“Let’s not be hasty for I plan to pay Sigrith a visit first. After all, Ian fell sick in Yartran because of her and even had to get a psychologist to wipe out his memories. Therefore, I would like to question her on what actually happened.” 
Sasha’s tone suddenly turned frosty and even carried a tinge of anger.
###Chapter 1913
Chapter 1913
Although he did not say anything, Sebastian’s expression turned grim in a split second. 
That afternoon, Sasha left Oceanic Estate and drove to Golden Heights. 
She did not know a grand party was taking place at Golden Heights at that moment. It was Sig nth’s birthday party and all the socialites of Jadeborough were there to celebrate with her. 
“Didn’t I tell you so, Mrs. Limmer? Everyone cares so much about you! We came over immediately when we heard it is your birthday!” 
“That’s right, Mrs. Limmer. That’s what friends are for!” 
Soon, all the ladies were crowding around her, showering her with expensive gifts and fawning over her. 
Sigrith was overwhelmed by all the attention. She had moved to Golden Heights half a year ago, and her life had changed drastically during that few months. After being recognized as part of the Limmer family, she found herself thrown into the limelight. From a relatively unknown Mrs. Jadeson, she had become a wildly popular Mrs. Limmer, very much sought after within the high society circle. 
The socialites behaved as if Sigrith was their best friend, so she felt obliged to invite the ladies into her home. 
When Sasha arrived, what she saw was a beaming Sigrith being surrounded by a crowd of ladies, commanding all the attention of those around her. 
What is she doing?
Sasha frowned puzzledly as she parked her car near the main entrance of Golden Heights. She grabbed her bag, alighted from her car, and headed straight into the hall. 
“Sigrlth, what are you…?” she blurted out. 
The hall suddenly fell into silence, and all the ladies turned toward the entrance upon hearing Sasha’s voice. They were taken aback as they had not expected Sasha to be there. Immediately, the atmosphere in the room turned awkward. 
“Oh?” A look of panic flashed in Sigrith’s eyes as she hurried over to meet Sasha and said, “What brings you here, Sasha? You should have told me you are coming” 
“I came to see you. What are you…?” Sasha asked, throwing a glance toward the room full of ladies. 
Sigrith’s expression betrayed her uneasiness, and she hesitantly replied, “It-t’s my birthday today, and the ladies insisted on coming by to celebrate with me. I did not expect so many of them to turn up and am overwhelmed too!” 
“Oh, it is your birthday? I am so sorry it slipped my mind!” Sasha felt bad and quickly apologize for it. 
It was not easy managing a big family like the Jadesons. There were simply too many things to look into daily at Oceanic Estate, so she could not have possibly remembered everyone’s birthday. 
Since she knew it was a birthday celebration, she felt obliged to present a gift to the birthday girl. 
Sasha immediately removed the elegant green bracelet from her wrist and presented it to Sigrith, saying, “I’m really sorry I did not know it’s your birthday, Sigrith. I did not get ready a present for you. This is a bracelet Sebastian bought for me at an auction some years back.
I hope you don’t mind and will accept this as our birthday gift to you.” 
All the ladies in the room gasped at that generous gesture. 
The emerald stones on that bracelet were richly colored and had near-perfect transparency, obviously of top quality. Moreover, Sasha mentioned that Sebastian bought it at an auction. That could only mean it was a highly-priced, premium designer piece. 
The ladies could imagine the value of that bracelet and were very envious of Sigrith. However, soon they all felt a tinge of embarrassment, as the gifts they brought for Sigrith paled in comparison and definitely looked inferior when placed next to Sasha’s gift. 
Sigrith was stunned to be presented with such an expensive gift and refused to take it. She only accepted it after much insistence from Sasha. 
With Sasha’s presence, the ladies became more cautious and restrained. They had to think twice before they speak or stuck to safe and casual conversation topics. 
“Are you going to join US at the bannière club, Mrs. Limmer?” Helma asked. 
“Oh, Mrs. Croll, that goes without saying. It is our regular activity, so Mrs. Limmer will definitely join US. Isn’t that so, Mrs. Limmer?” 
The ladies looked toward Sigrith expectantly for a reply, putting her in an awkward spot. 
Since she moved to Golden Heights, she had been attending many social activities and was constantly hanging out with the socialites. She had even stopped helping out at Sabrina’s bar. 
Sasha sat at the table together with the ladies but she did not join in their conversations, as their conversations did not interest her. She slowly sampled the food on the table and quietly kept to
herself instead. 
Her ears pricked up only when they started talking about Sigrith’s children. 
“Mrs. Limmer, your daughter is already in her third year in college, isn’t she? I heard she was chosen to go overseas on an exchange program. What an impressive achievement! What are her plans after graduation?” one of the ladies asked. 
“She…she has not made any plans yet,” Sigrith hesitantly replied. 
That lady enthusiastically suggested, “What about pursuing a career as an auditor? I heard your daughter is taking a degree in accountancy, so audit would be a good choice for her.” 
Before Sigrith could reply, another lady interjected and said, “What are you thinking? Mrs. Limmer told US previously that Susan will most likely take up a job overseas. She is acquainted with the wife of the foreign minister in that country. Moreover, she has a handsome boyfriend who is from a prominent family there. I heard he is a high-ranking officer too.” 
“Oh, really?” All the ladies present were wowed by that news, and instantly, the room was filled with excited chatters.
###Chapter 1914
Chapter 1914
Some of the ladies were envious of Susan’s good fortunes, but many were secretly letting out sighs of disappointment. Those ladies who were disappointed had wanted to introduce their sons to Susan and harbored hopes of becoming in-laws with the Limmers. 
Sasha could not hold in her annoyance anymore. She slammed down her cutlery and angrily asked, “Sigrith, did Susan tell you that?” 
Sasha’s outburst shocked everyone into silence, and when Sigrith turned around and saw how grim-looking Sasha was, she was startled too. “Sasha, I…” she stammered, ashen-faced. 
“Sigrith, you should not be speaking untruths. Recently, I made a trip to Yartran to visit Ian as I was worried about his condition. I discovered none of what you just said happened. It is true that Susan paid a visit to Mdm. Bennett, but it was because of Mr. Louis Limmer. She had no further interactions with Mdm. Bennett after that visit. As for the boyfriend that you were talking about, I think it is another lie. Susan has never told me about such a friend.” 
Sasha bluntly exposed Sigrith’s lies in front of all her friends. She could not understand why Sigrith had turned into such a big liar, going about spreading rumors and boasting shamelessly. 
She wondered if Sigrith did that to break Ian and Susan up, or if she had become vain and wanted to boast about her daughter’s achievements to elevate her own social standing. 
Sigrith’s face turned red with embarrassment as the socialites began to throw her mocking looks of contempt while gossiping among themselves.
Within a few minutes, all the ladies left, and only Sasha and Sigrith were left glaring at each other in the empty hall. 
A furious and humiliated Sigrith stared coldly at Sasha and hissed, “What is that for, Sasha? Why did you shame me like that in front of all the ladies? Are you trying to make me leave Jadeborough?” 
Sasha was speechless, stunned that that was Sigrith’s main grouse. She returned a stern stare and said, “I want to ask you the same question. What do you think you are doing? Why did you knowingly spread such lies? Also, what are you trying to achieve by pushing my son into such a predicament?” 
Sigrith was cowed by Sasha’s stern questioning. She muttered feebly, “l-l have no idea what you are talking about…” 
“You have no idea? Do you want me to refresh your memory? Sigrith, the Jadesons have treated you well all these years. Did Sebastian and I not do everything we could for you and your family? Why are you doing that to my son? If you have any ions to his relationship with Susan, you can come to me with your complaints. Why do you resort to hurting my son?” 
Sasha was getting agitated and trembling with anger. The thought that her son nearly lost his memory and shut himself off from the world terrified her. 
Sigrith was stumped for words, guilty. She could not think of anything to say to fend off those accusations. 
“I want the truth from you, Sigrith. What did you say to Ian, and why did you kneel before him?” Sasha demanded. 
“1-1…”
“Tell me!” Sasha roared, and her anger caused all the helpers in the room to cower in fear. 
Sigrith trembled fearfully for a while before she finally managed to find her voice. “I… I thought their relationship was a bad idea. They are technically aunt and nephew, so it will not work out.” 
“Is that so?” Sasha gave her a wry smile before adding, “Aunt and nephew huh? Is that the reason? If you have their best interest at heart, you should have discussed this with Sebastian and me, and not confront Ian directly. He is only nineteen, still young and innocent. How do you expect a young boy like to handle that?” 
Seeing Sigrith could not defend herself, Sasha stared intently at her and blurted out, “You did that because you were worried about Ian’s condition, didn’t you?” 
Sigrith looked up in fear, her eyes popped wide open in shock. “No, no! That’s not what it is. Don’t get the wrong idea, Sasha!” She shook her head profusely and hurriedly denied Sasha’s question. 
“Wrong idea?” Sasha could not help but give her a mocking laugh. 
“Let’s do some analysis and see if I really got the wrong idea. Ian and his siblings were only seven when they were brought to the Jadesons. Sebastian and I had to spend all our energy and attention fighting against Eddie and his scheming plots. We had no choice but to leave the three kids in the care of the other family members, which included you,” Sasha said. 
“I remember Matteo and Vivian received praises constantly from all of you. Everyone in the family complimented them for being obedient and sensible. On the other hand, no one has ever praised Ian. Why is that so? Because he is aloof and keeps to himself. He has a quick temper, will flare up, and start throwing things around whenever he gets upset, right?” She looked coldly at Sigrith and asked.
Sigrith silently looked down and avoided her gaze. 
Unable to get a response from Sigrith, Sasha continued, “After knowing how Duncan met his sad end, Ian locked himself in his room for three whole days, refusing to come out. By then, everyone in the Jadeson family would have realized he is a special needs kid.” 
“No, no…” Sigrith denied. 
“No? Then, why would Susan pay special attention to Ian? Sigrith, you are good at covering up, but you have forgotten that what you said to your kids will be reflected in their behavior.” Sasha reminded Sigrith of that obvious fact.
###Chapter 1915
Chapter 1915
“No, no…” Sigrith denied. 
“No? Then, why would Susan pay special attention to Ian? Sigrith, you are good at covering up, but you have forgotten that what you said to your kids will be reflected in their behavior.” Sasha reminded Sigrith of that obvious fact. 
Indeed. If Sigrith had not given special instructions to her two kids, Susan, a mere ten-year-old kid at that time, would not have given special attention to Ian. 
She was a kind and sensible girl, but she was too young and innocent to know how to be mindful of someone or something. She was definitely advised by an adult to do so. 
Sasha could imagine Sigrith telling Susan and Timothy about the special kid from Oceanic Estate, and all the unusual things that Ian did. Being an intelligent girl, Susan remembered every word her mother told her. 
What Sigrith had not expected was that her warning to her kids about Ian led to a completely different outcome. Instead of staying away from Ian, the kind-hearted Susan ended up becoming more caring and protective of him. 
Sigrith lost the last trace of color on her face, worried as she realized Sasha had seen through her excuses. 
She was astonished Sasha was so smart and had figured out everything after making just a single trip to visit Ian.
Deep in her heart, Sigrith never thought she had done anything wrong. Sebastian was a good example of how horrifying Ian could turn out to be in the future. 
She would never forget the bloody scene at The Ataraxy when Sebastian killed everyone there. 
Yes, what have I done wrong? No mother would want her daughter to marry a mentally unstable guy! What is wrong with a mother being protective other daughter? 
With that justification in mind, Sigrith calmed down and was no longer afraid to face Sasha. She tidied her hair, sat down, and made her argument. 
“Yes, you are right. I did look Ian up and pleaded for him to leave Susan. But I don’t think I did anything wrong, Sasha. You are a good example. You married Sebastian and suffered so much all those years! How can I allow my daughter to walk down the same path as you? Do you really think I did wrong?” 
“What?” Sasha was devastated to hearthat. She had not expected Sigrith to justify her actions in that manner! 
She leapt to her feet, burning with rage. 
“That is ridiculous, Sigrith! Sebastian was pushed to the corner by the Jadesons, and had no choice but to react in that manner. What has that got to do with Ian?” she howled. 
“I have made some research into it. Mental problems can be hereditary. Ian has always been special since he was young. His reaction to Duncan’s incident was a telltale sign. Don’t you agree that he could end up like his father?” Sigrith rebutted. 
Sasha was so furious she almost fainted. She pointed her finger accusingly at Sigrith but could not find the words to express her anger and deep disappointment.
Sigrith was a living proof of the ugly human nature. 
In the end, Sasha stumbled out of Golden Heights, went straight into her car, and wailed. 
She had not shed a tear for a long time, but Sigrith’s words devastated her. It was extremely painful to know that her precious son was being seen as a freak by those around him. 
Sasha was reduced to a zombie by the immense sorrow in her. When Sebastian found her, she was seated in a cafe in town, staring blankly at the people passing by. There was nothing but deep sadness in her swollen and reddened eyes 
When Sebastian saw her in that sorry state, his heart ached for her. He already knew about the matter and was just as furious as she was. However, at that moment, looking at his despondent wife, he felt the pain more than the fury. 
He went over and sat down next to her. Wrapping her in his arms, he consoled her. “It’s going to be okay. Don’t be sad. Her opinion does not matter. Susan is already a grown-up, so we only need to ask her for her stand on the matter.” 
His words brought tears to her eyes again. 
“Ian is really a good boy. He is fine, and he does not…” All her suppressed sorrow erupted and she broke down in his comforting embrace. 
Indeed, no mother could bear hearing her child being called a freak. 
Sebastian brought her home, and later in the evening, he made a call to Susan. 
Susan had just finished school when she got the call.
When she saw on the screen of her phone that the caller was Sebastian, she instantly became nervous. She had always been in awe of him. In his presence, she would constantly worry about speaking or behaving inappropriately and earning his disapproval. 
“Uncle…” She nervously picked up the call and greeted Sebastian. 
Sebastian’s tone, on the other hand, was gentle. 
“Susan, I heard from Sasha about you and Ian. I wish to know how you feel about the matter and what your plans are.” He went straight to the point and did not beat around the bush. 
“Huh?” Susan was stunned and at a loss for words. 
She always thought no one knew about her relationship with Ian, so it was a big shock when she realized that the elders had found out. 
It was even more shocking when Sebastian asked her about her plans. 
Traditionally, a couple would want to get their blessings from the family before planning for a marriage, so she did not think she could make a decision all by herself. 
“Un-uncle Sebastian, I think you can go ahead and discuss this matter with my mom…” Susan was blushing, too shy to give him a straight answer. 
To her horror, Sebastian’s tone turned solemn, and he told her the devastating news. “Your mom disapproves of your relationship. She thinks Ian will inherit my mental problem. That is the reason why I am calling you to find out about your stand.” 
What!
Susan stood rooted to the ground, thunderstruck by the terrible news, It took her a while to recover from the shock, and she was so infuriated that she blurted out, “Is she crazy?” 
After that, she hung up abruptly in anger, forgetting that it was her most respected Uncle Sebastian on the other end of the line.
###Chapter 1916
Chapter 1916
After booking her air ticket, Susan went back to her apartment to pack her luggage. She was in the hall, getting ready to leave for the airport when someone suddenly opened the door to her apartment. 
“Ian! Why are you back?” she exclaimed in surprise, looking at the young man standing in her doorway, panting breathlessly. 
He was supposed to be having his meal at Lady Adalyn’s restaurant, so she did not expect him to turn up so unexpectedly. 
Susan was standing in the middle of the hall, and she had her luggage next to her. Ian’s eyes were fixed on the luggage while he silently stood in front of her. 
She could sense a weird vibe coming off him as he questioned, “Where are you going?” 
“1-1 have to head home to attend to something,” she hesitantly replied. She did not dare look him in the eyes as she was worried he would ask about the purpose of her trip home. 
Unfortunately, that made Ian even more suspicious and mad. 
“Is that so? Are you not moving to one of those prestigious schools that the kids from the prominent families are attending?” he asked angrily. 
“Huh?” Susan looked up puzzledly. 
Prominent families? What prominent families? And what is that about a prestigious school?
She had no idea what he was talking about, but being the smart and sensitive girl that she was, she could tell that he was furious. “I am really going home, Ian,” she assured him. 
Without any warning, Ian ran over, snatched the luggage from her hand, and hurled it to the other end of the hall. 
Thump! 
The luggage fell to the ground in a loud thud and frightened the life out of Susan. 
“What are you doing, Ian? You-” 
Thud! 
Another loud banging sound, but that time, Susan was the victim instead of the luggage bag. 
Suddenly, Ian pushed her against the wall and, making use of his big, tall build, trapped her there. 
Susan was stunned. 
She cowered like a terrified little prey and looked fearfully at the scary youth in front of her, 
“I am asking you one more time. Where are you going?” His tone was harsh, and his bloodshot eyes were staring menacingly at Susan, giving her the creeps. 
Susan swallowed hard and tried to back off from the intimidating Ian. She timidly looked up at him and said, “I…I am really going home. I am going to see my mom.” 
That took Ian by surprise, but before he could utter a word, she continued, “Ian, I have a question for you. Do you… do you like me?”
It was an unexpected turn of events. When pushed to the point of desperation, Susan actually mustered up the courage to ask that question. 
Ian felt like he was hit by a thunderbolt. His mind turned blank as he looked down at Susan from his domineering position. 
He could not believe his ears, that she actually asked if he liked her. 
“If… if you like me, please promise me that you will wait for me to come back. Don’t run away again, and don’t leave me. Shall we be together when I come back?” Susan was blushing as she made that proposal, and the tears that were brimming in her eyes rolled down her cheeks. 
Ian was dumbfounded. It took him a long time to recover from the daze, and when he did, he slowly reached out his hand and gently wiped the tears from her eye. 
“Sure…” he said, as he gazed dreamily at her. 
He voice was hoarse, but he spoke clearly and affirmatively. 
Susan broke into a big smile, and those eyes of hers that were staring into his were dancing with joy. Before she knew it, she had tiptoed, reached toward him, and gently planted a kiss on his lips. 
To both Susan and Ian, time stood still at that moment, and it felt as if the whole world froze in time. 
For more than a minute, the young couple froze in place. Their lips were locked together, but their minds were blank. 
They could only feel each other’s soft lips and warm breaths. Everything else did not exist anymore. 
That was what a beautiful and unforgettable first love was all about. Nothing could be more blissful than knowing that the person you love actually loved you too.
Ian could not recall when and how Susan left the apartment. 
When he finally snapped out of his daze, he was standing alone in the empty hall. After a while, he slowly reached out and touched his own lips, and a satisfied smile appeared on his blushing face. 
However, he was soon filled with remorse. As a man, he felt he should have been the one taking the initiative and regretted not having done so. 
Susan made a mad escape to the airport, her heart still pounding wildly as she boarded the plane. Her face was flushed from embarrassment and her head giddy with delight. 
She was still in disbelief that she made such a bold move earlier, so much so that she wished the ground would open up and swallow her. Even recollection of that incident made her blush.
###Chapter 1917
Chapter 1917
She had to admit that she was really happy. 
It seemed like the matter she had been concerned about for a long time was finally settled. She was thrilled, and she could feel a sense of joy she had never felt before. 
The plane soared through the air. 
By the time she got back to the country, it was already late at night. As she did not inform anyone about her arrival, Susan hailed a cab to get home. 
“Mister, to Golden Heights, thank you.” 
“Golden Heights?” 
The cab driver turned to glance at her through the rearview mirror. 
“Miss, you’re going to Golden Heights? Are you someone from the Limmer family?” 
“What?” 
Susan snapped her head upward to look at him. “Mister, how do you know about the Limmer family? You’re…” 
The cab driver chuckled. “Of course, I know about the Limmer family. I’m sure the Jadeborough people all know what place is Golden Heights. However, something happened at Golden Heights today. I heard that the Limmer family’s widow had a conflict with the Jadesons.”
“What? A conflict?” 
Susan’s face went pale. 
What kind of conflict? What did my mom do this time? 
Susan was panicking to the point cold sweat was beaded on her forehead. She instantly asked, “What kind of conflict? Mister, can you tell me more about it?” 
The cab driver answered, “I heard this from someone else. Apparently, the Limmer family’s widow was celebrating her birthday with a party today, and Mrs. Jadeson attended it too. However, they ended up fighting because of her daughter’s matter, and Mrs. Jadeson left angrily. The widow of the Limmer family couldn’t take the pressure, and she actually tried to kill herself at Golden Heights this afternoon.” 
“What?” 
What is she thinking about? Trying to kill herself? 
Susan’s heart sank to the bottom, and she shook from the fury she felt. 
She then took out her phone and made a call to someone despite how late it already was. 
“Hello?” 
The moment she heard the voice of the woman on the other end, she hastily choked out, “M-Mrs. Hayes, it’s Susan. I’d like to ask what… happened to my mom. I heard from the cab driver that she tried to kill herself. What’s going on?” 
Susan knew how terrible the Limmer family’s relationship with the Jadeson family would become if that were true. In that case, what hope could she still have to be together with that young man?
Fortunately, the woman on the other end of the call quickly consoled her upon hearing her anxious voice, “Susan, don’t panic. Your mom’s fine. We had a talk in the afternoon, and she was worried that I would blame her, so she was trapped with stubborn thoughts. 
“Mrs. Hayes…” 
The moment Susan heard that, she could no longer stop her tears from rolling down her cheeks. 
About forty minutes later, Susan arrived at the hospital downtown. 
The moment she got out of the cab, she rushed straight into the building. 
“Hello, can I ask if a patient named Sigrith Halford is here? 
“Sigrith Halford?” 
The nurse on shift furrowed her brows. 
Just as she was about to check the records, a tall man stepped out of the elevator. When that man saw Susan, his eyes lit up. 
“Susan, why are you here?” 
“Timothy?” 
Susan was surprised. 
The siblings then went to the inpatient section, and on their way there, Susan learned about the incident from Timothy. 
“I’m telling you. This matter happened because Ian’s mom is a little too mean. All Mom did was mention that you found a boyfriend during the birthday party. She refuted her in front of so many
people, so don’t you think that Mom would be embarrassed?” Timothy growled. 
A boyfriend? 
Susan immediately stopped in her tracks and turned to look at her brother. “Who told her that I have a boyfriend? When did I have a boyfriend?” 
Instinctively, she realized that might be the root of the problem. 
She knew that Ian must not be the boyfriend her mother was talking about, for the two of them had yet to say anything to their family. Even they themselves did not make their relationship official until not long ago before she boarded the plane. 
Indeed, just as those words were out of her mouth, her brother gave her a strange look. 
“Isn’t he that officer from an aristocratic family? Weren’t you the one who told Mom this? Why else would she 
have told those rich ladies?” 
“I didn’t!” Susan fumed, her face turning red from anger. 
An officer from an aristocratic family? So it’s Vincent. When have I said that he’s my boyfriend? I have never mentioned him during our calls. 
The more Susan thought about it, the more she felt that something was amiss. However, before she could reach the ward, she heard the discussion at the nurses’ station. 
“Say, Mrs. Jadeson made the Limmer family’s widow kill herself. What are the Jadesons going to do with this matter? They’re not going to dismiss the matter just like this, right?”
“What’s odd about that? The Jadesons are powerful. It’s nothing new if they just ignore it.” 
The person sighed. 
Susan had just heard a few sentences from them, but they were all criticisms of the Jadesons. 
Susan’s expression turned grimmer. She then ignored the talking people and went straight into the ward. 
Creak. 
When the door opened, Susan was greeted with the sight of the patient inside eating an apple. Although the woman’s face was a little pale, it was clear that she seemed fine.
###Chapter 1918
Chapter 1918
“What are you doing?” 
Susan walked over to the bed. 
Sigrith panicked when Susan entered. She turned in shock to look at her daughter, who had returned out of the blue, and was at a loss for words for a moment. 
“You-” 
“Tell me. What are you trying to do? Kill yourself? Why are you trying to kill yourself? Did you think that you were in the right? When have I ever told you that I’ve found a boyfriend? Moreover, you said that my boyfriend’s an officer from an aristocratic family.” 
Susan was not going to beat around the bush with Sigrith at all. 
The moment she reached the bed, she began questioning her mother in a stern tone without hesitation. 
When Timothy heard her, he berated Susan in a tone tinged with anger, “Susan Limmer, what are you doing? Instead of expressing concern for her, you’re chiding her! You’re her daughter, not her mother!” 
When Sigrith realized that her son was siding with her, confidence began growing in her. 
“That’s right. I’m your mother. Not only are you not helping me out, but you’re even berating me the moment you get here. Do you even have a heart?”
“A heart?” Surprisingly, Susan calmed down at the peak of her anger. 
“You know what it’s like to have a heart? To have a heart, you must first be morally right, but is that what you’re doing right now? What have you done instead? Don’t you know the people are saying that the Jadesons are bullies? Is this what you want to see?” 
Sigrith did not answer her. 
“Or could it be that you’ve done this on purpose? What are you trying to do? Do you think that you get to twist words now that your husband’s surname is Limmer and you’ve moved into Golden Heights? Do you think that everything you say is right? Do you think that the Jadesons can’t do anything to you anymore?” Susan roared furiously. 
Susan could guess that her mother had done it deliberately. However, she could not wrap her mind around what her mother had in mind. Does she think that she’s powerful enough to go up against the Jadesons now? She’s even trying to turn the public against the Jadesons! 
Susan was about to go mad from the wrath she felt. 
Nevertheless, Sigrith still did not think that she had done anything wrong. After her brief moment of anger, she retorted, “Cease the nonsense. I only did that because I felt ashamed.” 
“That’s right, Susan. Why must you say such harsh things? This is our mother you’re talking about. Is she that bad?” Timothy chimed in. 
Upon hearing them, Susan felt anger rush through her, and she barked out a laugh. Then, she fixed her gaze on her mother and coldly uttered, “I’m sure she knows better than me whether or not that’s the case. Furthermore, you know best what happened between the two of you.” 
Sigrith fell silent.
After the moment of panicking, she dared not even look into her daughter’s eyes anymore. 
Truth be told, Sigrith was a little afraid of her daughter. Susan had been too smart since young. Nothing Sigrith did could escape Susan’s eyes. However, Timothy was denser, unlike his sister. 
Therefore, after her father’s death and the fact that she had grown up, she became the one with the most say when it came to family matters. 
In the end, Sigrith said nothing, for not long after, Sasha and Sebastian from the Jadeson family came. 
When Sasha arrived and saw the arguing mother-and- daughter duo, she intervened and asked her to step out of the room for a chat. “Susan, don’t blame your mother for this anymore. Come out for a moment. I’d like to talk to you about something.” 
It was then Susan left the room. 
Once Susan stepped out of the room and before she could say anything, Susan’s eyes reddened. 
“All right, all right. Don’t cry first. This isn’t as serious as you think it is. We’ll deal with this well, so don’t worry;’ Sasha reassured. 
Susan just kept wiping her tears away until she could calm down. Then, she raised her head to look at Sasha and Sebastian before choking out, “Thank you, Mrs. 
Hayes.” 
In the end, she could only thank Sasha for her merciful nature. 
After all, Susan genuinely did not know how else to express her apologetic feelings about the current situation.
When Sasha saw Susan’s miserable expression, she reached out to pat her head dotingly. “There’s no need for you to be so courteous with US, and don’t be mad with your mother because of this. Your mother has done all these for you.” 
“For me?” 
“Yes, for you. Susan, remember this, every mother wants to treat their children well. Sometimes, they might do the wrong things for the sake of their children. However, you have to remember not to resent her for her actions, for no matter what she did, she did it for you,” Sasha solemnly said to Susan as she looked at the younger woman. 
Susan froze. 
As she stared at Sasha, who was also a mother, in a daze, she mulled about her mother. All of a sudden, she felt that the two women were two vastly different people. 
Susan was not talking about status or identity; she was talking about their characters. 
My mother should be ashamed of what she has done. 
In the end, Susan watched the couple leave. By the time she returned to the ward, she had already recomposed herself. 
However, that was not the case for Sigrith, who began defensive once she saw her daughter entering the room. Before Susan could say anything, Sigrith questioned, “What did she tell you? Did she tell you everything?” 
“Huh?” 
Susan drew her brows together.
Yet, when her mother saw that frown on her, she went mad. 
“Yes, I admit that I did this so that you won’t be with her son. I got on my knees and begged him, but what did I do wrong? Susan, you’re my daughter! How can I possibly watch you marry a mentally ill man without doing anything?” 
The ward fell silent after Sigrith’s outburst.
###Chapter 1919
Chapter 1919
That was a question Susan contemplated in the past too. 
Why did Ian erase his memories? 
Back then, she felt that it was because she was not brave enough at that time. However, with the way the two interacted at Yeringham, and with how the young man had returned without a second thought when he heard that she felt bad about the comments from others, she wondered if he truly needed to forget about her. 
Susan was suspicious about it. 
However, by then, Ian had already forgotten all about her. 
She had not dared to ask him about it, and nor did she dare to ask anyone about it. Susan had been afraid that she would not be able to stay by his side if she were to make him mad. 
It was only now she finally knew that her suspicions had been right-something else was at play. 
“Mom, do you know what you’re doing? Do you know… what he had to go through because you kneeled before him? In the end, he had to get a psychologist to erase the terrible memory you gave him to carry on with his life!” Susan screamed as she fixed her bloodshot eyes on her mother. 
The heartache and anger she felt were spilling out of her, but all she could do was bellow them in her mother’s face. 
Yes. Does she know how badly she had hurt him? Does she think that only her children deserve to be treated well while someone else’s children don’t?
“I… I…” 
Sigrith never thought that the boy she had kneeled before and pleaded with had suffered that much. Instantly, she became distressed. 
“Susan, I… I didn’t think that much. I just wanted… I just wanted him to leave you!” 
“But that doesn’t mean you can do that!” Susan roared. “When Timothy had seizures as a kid and was laughed at by other kids, you were livid. Why didn’t you think about what you felt back then, huh? Why don’t you think about how his mother felt when you called him a freak? How can you be so selfish?” 
Susan burst into tears. 
As she stared at her mother, she let the disappointment and devastation wash over her. 
How can she do that? 
Finally, Timothy understood what was going on, and he whipped his head to the side to look at his mother in disbelief. 
“Mom, did you really do that? Why did you say that Ian was mentally ill? Ian is fine. Why did you come to the conclusion that he’s mentally ill?” 
“I… I…* 
“It’s because she saw Ian’s father kill the people from The Ataraxy back then!” Susan yelled, tears still streaming down her face. 
“Her father has psychological issues, so she felt that Ian has them too. That was why she did that.”
“Are you crazy? How can you think of that? Mr. Hayes went mad back then because his uncle, Charles, destroyed his family. Also, even though he has psychological issues, did you forget that he saved this world? What were you thinking? How can you do something like that?” 
Even Timothy turned furious after hearing his sister’s words. 
Although he was not as smart as his sister, he grew up under his father’s guidance. Therefore, he could still think critically about major matters. 
By then, Sigrith was as pale as a sheet. 
She never thought that her son would end up chiding her as well. Forced to a dead end, she could only insist that she was doing it for Susan. 
“For me?” 
Susan could no longer believe those words, for she realized that the religious and cowardly Sigrith back then would never muster enough courage to kneel before Ian 
and beg him. 
Yet, she had done it. 
Susan then calmed down, but she continued fixing her tearful eyes on her mother, who had turned into a stranger with a familiar face. 
“If you want me to forgive you, then you’ll have to apologize to Mr. and Mrs. Hayes. You have to apologize to Ian too.” 
?r I n
“Also, I’ll be moving out of Golden Heights tomorrow. 
We’ll be finding a new place.” 
Sigrith never thought her daughter would say that to her. 
Thus, she turned anxious. 
“Move out? Where are we going? That place belongs to the Limmer family!” 
“It’s the Limmer family’s property, but we have no right to stay in there anymore. I don’t want to ruin my grandpa’s reputation. He has a good reputation, and nothing could make up for it if we were to ruin his reputation,” Susan grimly uttered, her voice echoing in the ward. 
Sigrith’s already colorless face turned paler. 
For a moment, she felt as if her husband was the one standing in front of her-the man who everyone thought was gentle and nice was standing in front of her. 
He was standing there with his eyes wide in righteous fury. 
Indeed, no one knew that Colton Limmer had two different sides to him-one for the outsiders, and one for the family. 
Around others, he always played the part of a nice man. However, the moment he was home, everyone had to go by the rules, including Sigrith. She was never allowed to do anything immoral at all.
###Chapter 1920
Chapter 1920
In the end, Sigrith slumped down. 
The next morning, Sebastian was stunned when he received a call from the White House, saying that the Limmers were moving out of Golden Heights. 
“Why?” 
“We are not sure. It’s just that Mr. Louis Limmer’s granddaughter came to US early in the morning and told us that she was going to return the house to the museum. She said that the people would be able to get to know her grandpa better and to learn how challenging it had been for the pioneers to create a peaceful era we live in now.” 
At that, the man in charge of the White House could not help but sigh wistfully. 
It was true that a sensible child like her was a rare sight. She was big-hearted and could see the big picture. Most importantly, she was willing to give up the luxurious life she could have had. Her actions stunned even adults like them. 
Even Sebastian was shocked for a moment. 
Nevertheless, he was also relieved, for that meant he had not misjudged her character. 
“I got it. Give them a villa, but keep it low profile. If she doesn’t agree to it, tell her that they have different identities now, so the White House has the need to ensure their safety.” 
Sebastian was a smart man, and he could guess that Susan might turn down the offer of the villa. That was why he gave the man an excuse to convince Susan otherwise. 
The man agreed to it.
That noon, Susan and Timothy packed up and brought their luggage to move to a neighborhood called Jasper Lake. 
“Susan, this place is where the retired cadres of White House live. If your grandpa was alive, he would have lived with you here. Therefore, please don’t turn US down anymore.” 
“I see. All right, then. Thank you,” Susan finally agreed after taking a glance at the neighborhood that did not seem too extravagant. 
Meanwhile, Timothy agreed to everything in his sister’s plan. 
However, once the siblings entered the house that was given to them, Susan told him, “Timothy, we’ll still have to pay them a sum every month for this house. We can’t stay here for free. Once we buy it, we’ll be able to stay here without harboring the thought that we’ve taken advantage of others.” 
“Okay,” Timothy easily agreed. 
After all, they were young and capable, so they would be able to find a way to earn a living. 
That night, the family of three moved in. 
Once Susan unpacked, she went straight to Oceanic Estate to visit Sasha and Sebastian. 
Of course, she was also there to visit Jonathan. 
When Jonathan saw her, he was immediately struck with the thought of how Susan, who called him Grandpa Jonathan for twenty years, was about to call him Great grandpa and might even become his great granddaughter-in-law. 
That thought made him uneasy.
“M-Mrs. Hayes, I’m here on behalf of my mother to apologize to you. My mom… My mom, she shouldn’t have..? 
“Oh, my, Susan, what are you holding? Is that for me to eat? Hurry up and show them to me! I haven’t had my dinner yet.” 
Just as Susan was stammering and trying to tell Sasha about what her mother had done, Sasha abruptly ran over, interrupted her, and snatched the basket in Susan’s hands. 
At that, Susan was forced to focus on the basket. 
“Yes, I brought them back from Atlantius. Mrs. Hayes, didn’t you say that the turkey there was delicious? That’s why I brought a few.” Susan lowered her head and opened the basket. 
Alas… 
“Yes, yes, it’s delicious! Come on, let’s go to the kitchen to chop them up right now.” 
With that, Susan dragged Susan away. 
Susan was confounded the entire time. 
After the two entered the kitchen, Sasha took a glance outside and closed the door before finally whispering, “Grandpa doesn’t know about Ian’s incident yet, so don’t tell him anything.” 
Susan went quiet. 
She then raised her head to look at Sasha for while before her eyes suddenly reddened. 
/S she… worried that Old Mr. Jadeson will detest me even more after finding out about the incident?
Susan could not find any words to describe what she felt. The only thing she knew was that her eyes felt hot. When she lowered her head, the hot tears escaped. 
“Oh no. Don’t cry. Why are you crying all of a sudden?” Sasha anxiously asked. 
However, she soon saw the girl smiling after a bout of crying. 
“You…” 
“Mrs. Hayes, you’re so kind to me. I’m so glad to meet someone as nice as you. I… I…” Susan was sobbing so much she could not even finish her sentence. 
Seeing that, Sasha sighed. 
She finally put down the turkey in her hand and reached out to wipe away Susan’s tears. 
“You’re a kind person too. Do you know how moved and happy I was when I first saw the way you defended Ian fearlessly? Honestly, out of the three children, I worry about Ian the most. He has been the most aloof among the three. At the same time, he was also sensitive and fragile. I was terrified that his other half will not be a good person for him,” Sasha said with tears in her eyes. 
She felt that the girl was not completely right in saying that she was lucky to meet her. In fact, the mother-and- son were lucky to have met a sensible and caring girl like her. 
Susan had no idea that her presence was the light that had brightened up Ian’s darkest moments in life.
###Chapter 1921
Chapter 1921
“Don’t worry. As long as your mom doesn’t to this relationship, Mr. Hayes and I will offer our full support. If you guys want to get engaged now, we’ll arrange for it. If you guys want to continue with your studies first, just go ahead. We have no ions.” Sasha smiled gently and gave Susan her full support. 
Susan was elated. While blushing, she lowered her head and answered, “Mrs. Hayes, you don’t have to care about what my mom thinks. I have the final say.” 
To her surprise, Sasha immediately shook her head. “No. She’s your mom, so you ought to respect her. Even if she had done something wrong, you are still her child. You must get her blessings on your marriage, otherwise, your marriage with Ian wouldn’t work out,” Sasha said sincerely and earnestly. 
Upon hearing that, Susan felt embarrassed. At the same time, she respected Sasha even more. She’s such a selfless woman and a good mother. 
Susan then left Oceanic Estate. 
After she left, Jonathan, who was sulking on a chair the whole time, finally stood up with his cane and grumbled, “What now? That’s it?” 
Sebastian was just nearby when he heard that question. In response, he threw a cold glance at Jonathan and asked, “What’s wrong? Do you have a problem with it?” 
Jonathan was rendered speechless. What a bastard! What’s with that look? Am I not the head of the family?
“All right, Grandpa. Calm down, okay? Susan is actually a nice girl. When she came back this time around, she moved out from Golden Heights so that she could quickly distance Sigrith’s contact and all those socialites. Think about it. She’s smart, witty, and kind. Who else in Jadeborough is as impressive as her? We need to find a girl who’s intelligent and well-mannered, right?” Sasha immediately spoke up to ease the tension. While she was at it, she had also poured praises on Susan. 
Hearing that, Jonathan’s expression softened a little. “I’m not saying she’s not a nice girl. It’s just that she had grown up at The Ataraxy. I’m worried that others might have things to say after she joins US at Oceanic Estate.” 
“I’m not even worried, so why are you getting so worked up about it?” Sebastian argued. 
Goodness! These two are unbelievable. Sasha was having trouble getting Jonathan and Sebastian to get off each other’s necks. 
Ultimately, she waited until after dinner to look for Jonathan to speak privately. By then, Sebastian had gone up to the room to rest. 
When Sasha found Jonathan at the observation tower, she uttered, “Are you not going to sleep yet, Grandpa?” 
“No. Not yet.” Jonathan was having a cup of tea at the observation tower. When he saw Sasha there, he poured her a cup as well. 
Sasha accepted his kind gesture and sat opposite him. 
“Grandpa, do you still think there’s something wrong with letting Susan marry into the Jadeson family?”
Seeing that Sasha had brought it up, Jonathan proceeded to speak his mind. “It’s not that there’s something wrong with her. The younger generation in Jadeborough might not say a word about it. However, people such as my comrades will have something to say once they hear about it. Have you forgotten about how Lucius had reacted the last time around?” 
Indeed, that had actually happened. 
Sasha took a sip of her tea and put it aside. “You have a point. How about this? Perhaps you could go over to the White House and look for the person in charge. Get him to pull some strings and link the Jadeson family up with the Limmer family.” 
“What did you say?” Jonathan was stunned by her words. Is Sasha drunk? I’ve already told her about the embarrassment I would face. Why is she telling me to get the person in charge at the White House to make an introduction? Has she gone mad? 
In a cold tone, Sasha looked at Jonathan and reminded, “Grandpa, don’t you remember that the Limmer family is an aristocratic family? Obviously, the White House is going to keep an eye on the situation. That’s because they don’t know who the future leader will be when a new round of power changes comes. Why do you think Sigrith has so many socialites around her?” 
Jonathan was stunned once again. She’s right. Why have 
I not thought about that? At the moment, all the influential families in Jadeborough are eager to get Susan to join them. With her, the family’s status and influence will definitely be elevated. 
Jonathan finally understood what Sasha meant. He stared at her awkwardly and uttered, “Your mind is… All right. I’ll go over tomorrow.”
“Yes. Once you’ve involved yourself, the marriage between the Limmer family and the Jadeson family will be official. By right, the White House should support US. After all, the Jadeson family is now one of the most influential in the region. Even if the Limmer family isn’t powerful, no one would be able to cause a problem. The White House will be glad about the fact that they wouldn’t need to worry about internal disputes,” Sasha explained with a smile. 
Jonathan didn’t want to utter a word in response because he was pissed. He realized that whenever he tried to converse with Sebastian and Sasha, they would just shut him down with their intelligent solution to all his questions and trouble. So, is the Jadeson family finally going to have a wedding celebration?
###Chapter 1922
Chapter 1922
Meanwhile, in Atlantius, Yartran. 
Vivian noticed Ian had been acting weird for the past two days. He seems so distracted and jumpy. Even when everyone was having a meal together, he would just get up and run to his room. What’s going on? 
That evening, Vivian went to see Kurt when he was busy cooking in the kitchen. 
“Kurt, don’t you think Ian has been acting weird recently? Also, why did Aunt Susan… No. I mean, why did Susan suddenly go back?” Vivian asked puzzledly. 
While he was cooking, Kurt tilted his head and glanced at her helplessly. She’s actually very smart, but once she’s in her comfort zone, she tends to stop thinking and rely on others. Hence, she’ll find the simplest things unfathomable. 
“Maybe they have an argument?” Kurt voiced. 
“Oh?” Upon hearing that, Vivian was stunned. They’ are fighting? Why would they argue though? Goodness! Did something happen that I didn’t know about? 
Finally, Vivian realized something was wrong. She ran toward Ian’s room and peeked inside. After a while, Kurt heard her running back toward the kitchen. 
“Kurt, Ian is on his smartphone!” she said. 
“Okay. So?”
“So?” Vivian was dumbfounded. She scratched the back of her head and looked at Kurt in confusion. 
Kurt was speechless. After letting out a sigh, he passed the vegetables that he had just washed to her and reminded her, “All right. Let it go, okay? They’ll figure it out on their own. Now, you need to focus on your STEP examination and make sure you pass it.” 
As soon as those words fell, Vivian’s beautiful face turned glum. 
STEP was a mathematics examination in Atlantius. After she graduated from Royal Academy back then, she had to pick a random major in Atlantius because they didn’t offer a major in her field. 
The major she had chosen was media art, and her professor had chosen mathematics as her elective. 
Vivian was frustrated because she had never enjoyed studying mathematics. 
“Kurt, I’m bad at it. My professor was angry at me when I failed it the last time around.” She pouted, and her eyes turned red. 
If she were to fail again, it would definitely affect her chances of getting employed in the future. 
Kurt was preparing the ingredients for dinner. When he saw how she looked, his heart ached. 
“All right. Don’t worry. I’ll guide you. However, you ought to be more focused. From today onward, come to my room after dinner. I’ll teach you,” he said. 
“Okay!” Vivian smiled. 
She didn’t even know Kurt was Just trying to keep her close so that she would stay out of other people’s business.
That night, Kurt had kept Vivian with him. In the room downstairs, Ian finally had some peaceful and quiet moments. However, he grew even more restless. 
He checked his phone once again and saw no incoming messages. He had been checking the chat numerous times, and yet, he hadn’t received any updates. 
Consequently, his expression had turned solemn. He narrowed his eyes, and he realized he couldn’t stand it anymore. Once again, he opened the chat and started typing. 
Buzz! 
Suddenly, his smartphone vibrated. 
He froze momentarily because he had just received a text from the person he was just about to text. What a coincidence! 
Susan: Ian, are you still awake? 
Ian was perplexed. Why is she asking if I’m still awake? Doesn’t she know I’ve been waiting for her to update me? 
He was slightly pissed, but he suppressed his anger. After deleting the words he had typed, he replied: Yes. 
Susan: Oh… 
At that moment, Susan was in bed, and she had been thinking about how to deliver the news to Ian. / want to tell him that I’ve settled the issue, and we should be fine going forward. However, what if those people at Oceanic Estate change their stance after I’ve told him that? After all, Old Mr. Jadeson didn’t seem too happy with me when I was there.
Susan hesitated for a long time before she decided to reply. 
Right then, someone called her on her phone. 
Susan got anxious, and she picked up the phone. 
After a long while, she tried her best to compose herself and pretended to be calm. “Hello? Ian?” 
“What are you doing?” Ian asked in a cold tone. In fact, he sounded a little angry. 
Susan got even more nervous when she heard that. “I-I’m in bed now. I’m not doing anything. Ian, l-l went to your house today.”
###Chapter 1923
Chapter 1923
“What then?” 
“Then…” Susan’s face started burning up because she was blushing uncontrollably. 
“Your parents… They don’t seem to have a problem with it. Ian, I found out what happened to you. I’m very sorry. I didn’t know my mom would do such a thing to you.” Suddenly, she sounded so down and remorseful. 
Ian fell silent. What is she talking about? What did her mom do to me? 
Ian’s memory hadn’t recovered, so he couldn’t remember what happened before part of his memories was removed. 
However, he could tell from her tone that she was sad. Instinctively, he answered, “It’s okay. It didn’t affect me.” 
Susan didn’t know how to respond to that. 
Right at that instant, her heart wrenched, and she started crying. “Oh, Ian…” 
Ian heard her crying. He clenched his fists and asked, “Is your mom against it?” 
Upon hearing that, Susan shook her head. “No. Ian, don’t think too much about it, okay? I’ll get her to agree to it. Initially, I thought she should just be left out of it. 
However, your mommy said we should get her blessing. Otherwise, things won’t work out for us. Hence, I’ve decided to have a talk with her.”
“Okay.” In the end, that was all Ian could say. What else can I do? Since I don’t know how it happened, and how it turned out to be, I can’t even take matters into my own hands. What if I end up ruining Susan’s plan? The only thing I can do now is to wait. However, I’m sure of one thing now. What happened in the living room that day was all real. It wasn’t a dream. 
Ian had a good night’s sleep that night. 
The following day, when he woke up, Kurt had already made breakfast. Besides, Vivian was up as well, and she was feeding Lotus. 
“Ian, you’re up! Wow! You look a lot better today. Is it because you had a good night’s sleep?” Vivian was still in her pink pajamas, and she was elated when she saw Ian looking much better that morning. 
Ian turned away awkwardly and said, “Are you not going to get changed? We’re leaving soon.” 
“Oh! I’ll do it now.” Vivian ran off. 
Soon, three of them were done with breakfast, and they were about to go to school. 
“Oh, right! Have you seen the news this morning?” Kurt asked when Ian was just about to get the car. 
News? Ian frowned and asked, “What news?” 
Kurt raised his brows. “It’s just a rumor. It is said that because of the incident of the Limmer family, there was 
news from the White House yesterday. It seems like they want your family and the Limmer family to have a marriage alliance. I don’t know if it’s true or false.”
Ian went silent, and he immediately whipped out his smartphone from his pocket. 
He hadn’t been keeping tabs on those matters. Not only was he not interested in them, but it was also because he had been busy with classes. Besides, he had to manage Hayes Corporation during the weekends. 
Hence, he had never paid much attention to what was being said on the internet. 
When he searched for the national news on his smartphone, the first thing he saw was news related to the Limmer family. Perhaps it was a trending topic, so it was still on the front page of the news webpage. 
“Suicide?” Ian’s expression turned grim when he saw that word in the news. 
Soon, as he kept reading, he saw the follow-up development of the incident. It turned out that someone had posted on the internet, saying that the incident had nothing to do with the Jadeson family. So, it has nothing to do with Mommy. 
One of the comments read: The person who made this statement seems to be Ms. Limmer. She firmly denied that his mother’s accident had anything to do with the Jadeson family. So, that should be true, right? 
Another read: That seems to be the case. This is such a good way to deal with the issue. Now, the situation with Ms. Limmer’s status is rather sensitive because there are so many people in Jadeborough wanting to get into Golden Heights. It’s only normal to see them dragging the Jadeson family into this. 
Someone replied: That’s right. As long as someone can manage to ruin the relationship between these two families, the Limmer family will rise with ease.
The comments went on. 
With the release of that statement, many people began to divert their attention from the Jadeson family. Instead, they were analyzing the matter. 
The statement was done impeccably well, and it was published at the right time. 
Seeing that, Ian heaved a sigh of relief. 
As he continued reading, he noticed that most of the netizens were analyzing the prominent families in Jadeborough. They generally believed that the reason the Limmer family was so sought after was that some people wanted to seize the opportunity to get acquainted with the Limmers so they could rise to several levels at once. 
Even if it was the power they were after, it could still bring a lot of benefits. 
And along with that analysis, the Jadeson family, which 
was the most prominent family in Jadeborough, had naturally become the target of their ion. Through Twitter, it can be felt that everyone in Jadeborough was afraid that the Jadeson family would form a connection with the Limmer family. 
That morning, a rumor revealed that those two families were actually going to link up through marriage. The netizens were astounded.
###Chapter 1924
Chapter 1924
What? This is insane! A marriage between those two families? What’s going to happen to everyone else? The Jadeson family is already powerful enough on their own. They’re linking up with the Limmer family? They’re going to be invincible! 
Bobogirl: Exactly! Whose idea is this? 
The comments went on and on. 
Everyone was angry and violently ing to it. 
Not long after that, someone revealed that Jonathan had gone to the White House to propose the idea. He was very adamant about linking up with the Limmer family. 
This is the end! Everyone was lamenting the situation. 
Ian was also stunned. Is this real? From what I know, Great-grandpa wouldn’t do such a thing. Besides, the Jadeson family is already so strong. We don’t need to form ties with the Limmer family. 
Ian went to school with an uneasy feeling. 
By the time the incident broke out entirely, he had just finished his class. When he was taking notes in the classroom, a group of students suddenly appeared, and they were staring at him from outside the classroom. 
“Look! Isn’t that Ian from the Jadeson family?” 
“Yes. That’s him. Who knew he would end up having to marry the exchange student from the Faculty of
Accounting? Weren’t they relatives in the beginning?” 
“I don’t think so. Didn’t you see the statement issued by their country’s officials? That exchange student is a descendant of the Limmer family. The Limmer family produces heroes in their country.” 
The students chatted among themselves. 
While they were staring at Ian, not only were they shocked, but they were also feeling sorry for him. 
Some of those who had talked to Ian or consulted with him before couldn’t help but approach him. 
“Ian, I heard about how you’re getting forced to marry the exchange student. Is it true?” 
“You have such a tough life, Ian. Someone of your family background will never have a say in such personal matters. Even your girlfriend has now gone missing.” 
“Oh, you’re right! I’ve only remembered that. That girl, Sigrun. What is she going to do now? Ian, I feel so bad for you.” 
Within a few minutes, everyone went up to Ian and consoled him. 
Ian was confused. 
After staring at them for a while, he asked, “Where did you guys hear that from?” 
One of the students answered, “God! You know nothing about it yet, do you? Poor you.” 
Another chimed in, “Exactly. Why are your parents like that? Ian, I feel so sorry for you. Since you weren’t told, I guess it’s better to Just ignore the whole thing.” 
Some of them even had tears in their eyes, and they went to the extent of patting his shoulder.
Ian was getting sick of it. He immediately took out his phone, cleared his table, and ran away after pushing through the group of students. 
Everyone was dumbfounded. We’ve forgotten about how bad Ian must be feeling. Should we go after him? What if he does something stupid? 
In the end, Ian found out about everything that was going on. 
He didn’t get his information from the news, though. It was Sasha who called him and told him about it. 
“Ian, did you see the news? Did I do a good job?” Sasha asked. 
Ian’s mind was a mess, and he couldn’t find the words to answer Sasha. 
Hearing no response from Ian, Sasha chuckled and asked, “What’s wrong? Why aren’t you talking? Are you too happy to speak?” 
After a while, Ian replied, “Mommy, the next time you do something like this, do you mind telling me about it beforehand?” 
Finally, Ian had spoken, but he sounded irritated and helpless. 
Sasha smiled. “All right. I’ll remember that, still, are you happy with the arrangement? I was the one who proposed the idea to your great-grandpa. Your great grandpa is from a different generation, Ian. It’s only normal that he has a feudal way of thinking. Besides, he had been a prominent figure throughout his life, so he’s bound to be prideful. Hence, I think the situation now is the best we can hope for.” 
After composing herself, Sasha went on to explain the reason behind their method of breaking the news.
She had indeed done her best for Ian and Susan. 
Ian quickly nodded and answered, “Okay. I understand. Thank you, Mommy.” 
“Don’t say that. However, I need to know your opinion on the next matter. The White House had already made the announcement. If you were to get engaged at nineteen-” 
Before Sasha could finish her sentence, Ian interrupted, “Did she agree to it?” 
After being stunned for a moment, Sasha smiled and explained, “Why wouldn’t she? Frankly, we have a lot of respect for Susan because she had done a lot to get US to where we are. After I spoke to her about it last night, we only got your great-grandpa to go to the White House after we got the confirmation from her this morning.” 
In fact, that was exactly what happened. They only got Jonathan to go to the White House after Susan told them Sigrith had agreed to it. 
Susan is very efficient. 
“Ian, what now? Do you want to get engaged first? Your great-grandpa was over the moon after he came back from the White House. He had even gone to the study and prepared a lot of invitation cards because he said he wants to invite his comrades to the happy occasion.” 
Ian kept mum. 
“Also, both your grandpas, Uncle Solomon, and the others had also called to ask about it. They wanted to know when the engagement is because they want to celebrate with US.” 
“Mommy, hold your horses. Have you asked her about it?” Ian asked.
Sasha was confused. After a while, she finally realized what Ian was asking about. “You’re right. How did I forget about that? Okay. I’ll just ask your wife about it. Take care, okay?” 
With that, she hung up the phone. 
Veins were popping on Ian’s forehead. Who’s the one getting engaged? I’m the son, no?
###Chapter 1925
Chapter 1925
Susan, currently in Jasper Lake, couldn’t calm herself down that day. After all, she never thought Sasha and the others would act so quickly and create such a grand scene. 
While she was at a loss, Sigrith said, “Are you satisfied now? Your melodramatic wedding is akin to a national level event.” 
Instantly, Susan’s face turned pale, for she didn’t expect to receive Sigrith’s mockery about her wedding. 
“Mom, why did you say so? What’s wrong with Susan marrying into the Jadesons? You didn’t have to be that harsh,” Timothy couldn’t help but scold Sigrith when he heard her thinly-veiled mockery. 
Once he finished, Sigrith stopped holding back her dissatisfaction and argued, “Did I say anything wrong? Didn’t I express my excitement? The Limmer family will finally cement ties with the Jadeson family and become wealthy forever. How could I not be happy?” 
“You…” 
Timothy was furious and rendered speechless. 
In the end, Susan decided to stop Timothy from arguing with Sigrith. 
“Timothy, aren’t you supposed to head to the university? It has been many days, right? Let me buy a flight ticket for you. Is that okay?” 
“But-”
“All right. I’ve heard that the Neal family’s company has recently signed an agreement with you. Hence, you can work for their company as soon as you graduate. Is that correct?” 
Susan delicately changed the subject of the conversation and successfully distracted Timothy from the argument with Sigrith. 
Hence, Timothy no longer looked as tensed. 
“Yes. I worked in their family’s hotel for two months during my summer holiday. During that time, Zaylynn’s dad realized I was good at developing software, especially games. Consequently, he suggested forming a partnership with me after I finish my studies.” 
“Really?” 
A glint of surprise flashed across Susan’s eyes once Timothy explained it. 
She was aware Timothy loved playing games. All the more so, he had been passionate about computers since he was young. 
Understandably, she was excited upon knowing that someone intended to invest in him. 
With that, Susan ignored Sigrith and quickly booked a flight ticket for Timothy on the same day. Then, she took him out to buy some gifts for a certain someone. 
Feeling confused, Timothy asked, “Why should I give her a present? I mean, I’m not that close to her anyway.” 
Thud! 
Filled with slight dismay, Susan hit his head and retorted, “You managed to enter and work in the Neal family’s hotel because of your relationship with her. Besides, her dad was impressed by your
talent and wanted to invest in and collaborate with you. So how can you say you’re not close to her?” 
“Moreover, I didn’t ask you to buy something for her. Just buy some local specialties of Jadeborough for her parents. After all, you should be grateful to them for valuing your talent.” 
The thoughtless Timothy seemed to have understood it. After Susan patiently educated him, he stopped being hesitant and decided to heed her advice. 
Later, they visited many stores on the streets and bought a lot of local specialties, especially baked apple roses. 
Susan bought a lot of them once she recalled Vivian liked the food very much. 
Feeling curious at the sight of it, Timothy asked, “Why are you buying these?” 
Susan replied, “The gifts are for Zaylynn. I know many girls love them. She can distribute them to her friends 
whenever she wants to. Doesn’t she have many friends?” 
Timothy didn’t know how to respond upon hearing it. 
Why are girls so troublesome? 
When they had finished buying everything and were about to go home, they passed by a store and coincidentally saw Sasha. She was shopping with her sister-in-law from Gossamer Creek. 
“Huh? Sasha, isn’t that Susan? What a coincidence!” 
“Where is she?”
Sasha had stepped into a jewelry store but turned around excitedly once she heard it. 
About ten minutes later, she dragged Susan to the jewelry store and urged her to look at the various jewelry. 
“Susan, which one do you like the most? Don’t be nervous. I’m just looking around with your future aunt-in- law. Anyway, feel free to pick the one that you think is the best. I’m sure a young lady like you has good taste.” 
Although Sasha was honey-tongued, Susan wasn’t naive and instantly knew her intention. 
In the end, Susan didn’t specifically say which item she liked but claimed that all jewelry in the store was beautiful. 
Nevertheless, Sasha felt conflicted when she heard Susan’s response. “All? I can’t buy everything, can I?” 
Feeling shocked, Sasha’s sister-in-law quickly pointed at the most treasured item in the store. “Well… Sasha, I think the jade bracelet looks good. It’s richly colored and has near-perfect translucency. I’m sure whoever wears it will look beautiful.” 
Sasha purchased the bracelet when Susan came out of the store. When Susan thought they could go home, Sasha took her to an haute couture store to order a tailor- made dress. 
Susan was at a loss once she heard that.
###Chapter 1926
Chapter 1926
Although Susan’s dad had passed away, she couldn’t count on her mom to make any decisions for her big day. As a twenty-two-year-old girl, she had never experienced big moments in life like that but had to shoulder everything alone. One could imagine how nervous and lost she would be, albeit smart. 
“Susan, what happened? You don’t seem to be in a good mood.” 
“N-Nothing…” Susan quickly denied it. 
When Sasha saw her response, she put down the dress album, held Susan’s hand gently, and sat on the couch in the haute couture store. 
“Susan, I’ve asked Ian about your engagement with him. Ian will respect your decision no matter what. We can postpone the event if you disagree with it. Also, we can discuss it after both of you have graduated,” Sasha proposed as she could sense Susan’s uneasiness. 
“N-No. I didn’t mean that…” 
Once Sasha finished, Susan looked up and denied it. 
Deep down, she could hardly imagine how Ian would react if she mentioned the word “disagree.” 
After a while, she awkwardly lowered her gaze and spoke her mind in front of Sasha. “I just… don’t know what to do because I’ve never experienced it before.” 
It wasn’t until now that Sasha realized what troubled 
Susan.
After leaving the haute couture store, Sasha gave her a lift to Jasper Lake. 
“Susan, do you want to go back to the university?” 
“Huh?” 
“It’s okay. Parents on both sides can help arrange your marriage. I can talk to your mom if you’re okay with it, so you can put your mind at ease and continue studying. After we’ve come up with some suggestions, you can give your comments and share your views,” Sasha comforted Susan in the car. 
Her words settled Susan’s chaotic mind. Susan was like a sailboat that wandered amid a storm but finally arrived at a haven. At that moment, she felt relieved like never before. 
She’s right. Why should I be worried? 
With that, Susan went back home with delight. 
Sigrith was on the balcony when she saw Susan come out of Sasha’s car. As such, she mocked Susan in the living room, “Did she drive you home again? Susan, you treat her like your mom, even though you aren’t even married yet. How amazing!” 
At that time, Timothy had returned to his room and didn’t hearthat. 
Thud! This time, Susan couldn’t take it any longer. She dropped everything in her hands and came up to Sigrith. 
“Mom, I can’t understand why you are holding such a deep grudge against them. Have you forgotten who saved you? Do you remember who let US go when Jared wanted to kill US after dad passed away? Don’t you think we are able to live in peace because of them?” Susan questioned Sigrith with tears.
Instantly, Sigrith’s face became red, for Susan had touched her sore spot. 
“What a load of cr*p! Since when did I hold a deep grudge against them? I was just…” 
Suddenly, something came across Susan’s mind. “Wait a minute. Do you still keep in touch with Mr. Glen? Did he tell you anything?” 
Yes, it must be Mr. Glen. 
After Ian realized that Kilian Glen had called Susan, she hadn’t contacted him since then. 
She deliberately ignored him even when he came to her house. 
However, Susan eventually noticed that something was wrong with Sigrith. For instance, although Susan never told Sigrith about what happened in Atlantius, Sigrith knew she went to Mdm. Bennett’s house. 
Moreover, Sigrith also knew a lot about Vincent. 
As Susan pondered about it, she fixated her piercingly sharp gaze on Sigrith. 
“What did he tell you? I’m warning you-don’t let him fool you. He comes from the Heard family and always wants to sabotage us!” she reminded Sigrith sternly. 
Although Sigrith kept mum, she sat still and dared not utter a word now. 
After moments of silence, Susan returned to her room to pack her belongings. 
It was already evening when she got everything ready.
Sigrith had just finished preparing the food and laying the table. Since Susan had finished packing, Sigrith asked Susan to have dinner together. 
“Why are you leaving already after being back for only a few days? I’ll be alone if all of you have left,” Sigrith grumbled with slight frustration. 
Susan had picked up a spoon when Sigrith spoke. Her hand couldn’t help but shiver. 
“Timothy and I have to leave to continue our studies. If you’re lonely at home, feel free to resume working in the bar. I can let Aunt Sabrina know if you’re interested.” 
Unknowingly, Susan followed Ian’s way of addressing Sabrina. 
Nonetheless, Sigrith was displeased once she heard it. 
“Why should I work there to embarrass myself? Do you know how many eyes are on me now? Won’t I make the headline if I go there?” 
Susan didn’t know how to respond to that.
###Chapter 1927
Chapter 1927
After a while, Susan continued to eat her food and replied, “It’s up to you. However, please remember not to stay close to the socialites anymore. I’d rather see you dancing with the ordinary women in the square.” 
“I won’t go!” Sigrith mumbled, expressing her unwillingness. 
Susan stopped persuading Sigrith, for she knew Sigrith wouldn’t listen to her. 
After dinner, Susan dragged her luggage out and wanted to call a taxi to the airport. 
She spotted a silver car parked outside the apartment as soon as she got downstairs. The car windows rolled down, revealing Mark as the driver. “Susan, are you heading to the airport? Mrs. Jadeson asked me to pick you up. 
Susan expressed her gratitude and quickly hopped in. 
As the car sped down the road, Mark only chatted casually with Susan. However, Susan seemed to be deep in thought. 
When they were almost at the airport, she finally said, “Mr. Stewart, can you do me a favor?” 
“Go ahead and say it,” Mark responded without hesitation. 
Nonetheless, what Susan said next was a bolt from the blue to him. 
“Mr. Stewart, I don’t know if my guess is correct, but something is wrong with my mom. Ever since my dad passed away, she taught US to be nice to Mr. Hayes and the others and be grateful to
them. Also, we have to repay them after we’ve grown up.” 
She paused for a while and added, “However, I feel she holds a deep grudge against Mrs. Hayes and the others now. Furthermore, she is displeased with how close I am to everyone at Oceanic Estate. She will get mad whenever she finds out I go there or Mrs. Hayes drives me home. Mr. Stewart, she wasn’t like that in the past. Even if she quarreled with Mrs. Hayes before, I can’t believe her attitude toward them would upend.” 
As Susan spoke, tears uncontrollably streamed down her face due to worry. 
Mark quickly pulled over and comforted her, “All right. Please don’t be upset. I’ll inform Mr. Hayes once I’m back. Rest assured that everything will be fine once he looks into the matter.” 
Susan felt relieved after she heard Mark’s assurance. “Okay.” 
He’s right. After all, everything can be resolved as long as a god-like man like Mr. Hayes decides to interfere! 
Hence, she went abroad with relief. 
It was already midnight when Susan arrived at the airport in Yartran’s capital and came out with her luggage. 
Although she contacted someone before boarding the plane, she couldn’t help but feel slightly anxious when she set foot in another country. 
Will he come here? After all, he has to drive for three hours from Atlantius to the airport. 
As she restlessly exited the airport, she saw a red Lamborghini in the parking area at the front.
At that moment, she unknowingly thought the car’s headlights were like two bright beams of light amid the pitch-black night. 
Although the lights shone on her for only a few seconds, her eyes began to feel slightly tired. 
“Did you lose your intellect during your trip?” 
While Susan felt emotional, someone suddenly pulled something off her ear. 
As her body shivered, she quickly turned around and saw a handsome young man in a black jacket standing behind her. 
The man with a cold expression was none other than Ian. He was holding the earphones he had taken from Susan’s ears. 
Susan was at a loss for words. 
No wonder I didn’t see him or hear any of his movements. 
Susan lowered her head in embarrassment. 
“I… I forgot. Did you go in just now? I didn’t see you when I came out from that exit.” 
As Susan wanted to diffuse the awkwardness in the air, the seemingly unhappy Ian grabbed her collar and dragged her toward the car. 
Susan was startled for a while before she could hastily come up with some words. 
“Ian, don’t do this. I’m not Vivi. Let go of me now. You’re stepping out of line! I’m your aunt!” 
Bang!
The next moment, Ian threw Susan onto the car and sprang upon her. 
“What did you say? Come again?” 
How terrifying! 
His tall and sturdy figure was like an iron tower that entirely encapsulated Susan. Besides, his alluring gaze, coupled with a surge of emotion, sent a chill down her spine. 
At that time, Susan’s mind went blank. 
Earlier, she instinctively blurted out a few words, for she was too nervous and scared. 
While Ian seemingly wanted to devour her, Susan shrunk back like a fawn that was frightened. 
“I… I said the wrong thing. I’m not… your aunt…” 
“Well, who are you to me then?” 
Susan gulped when she heard the question. After a while, she finally mustered up her courage to cautiously ask him back, “Uh… Your girlfriend?” 
Girlfriend? With a question mark? 
Ian stared at Susan with his darkening gaze, exuding a growing sense of coldness. Moments later, he grabbed her head with his slender fingers and kissed her lips ferociously. 
All Susan could feel was a buzzing in her head.
###Chapter 1928
Chapter 1928
No one knew how long it had been. Just as Susan was almost out of breath, the guy finally loosened his grip on her. 
It was early summer. Thousands upon thousands of shining stars shone above their heads, unhindered by the cloudless night. Cacophony filled their ears as the crowd hustled around the city airport. Yet as the two stood feet apart in front of the car, it seemed as though they were oblivious to the noises around them. 
All they could hear were their hearts pounding against their chests and their mingled breaths as they panted. The warmth of their breaths heated their skins. 
Beep! 
Just then, a car emerged from their right side, about to leave. Seeing the pair frozen in a daze, the driver honked at them, annoyed that the pair were blocking the path. 
Susan jolted out of her daze. With lightning speed, she shoved the man away from her and ducked into the car without looking back. 
Ian fell silent. 
It was somewhat out of character for him to do something as daring. Flustered, he scrambled into the car as well, with his ears all red. 
The pair rode in awkward silence all the way to Atlantius. In the end, it was Vivian who broke the silence. Vivian, along with Kurt, had been sitting on the couch and waiting for their return. Upon
their arrival, Vivian immediately leaped to her feet. 
“You guys are finally back! Quick, Susan, tell me. What’s going on? Since when have you two become a thing?” 
Vivian’s curiosity about the topic was the reason she was willing to stay up late. She had been pondering on that question for quite some time, and she was impatient to finally be able to ask it out loud. 
A furious blush flared up in Susan’s face. 
She tossed a glance at Kurt, who was standing next to Vivian. To her surprise, a look of resignation was written all over Kurt’s face. It was as though staying up along with Vivian took quite a toll on him. 
“Go on, tell me. What’s going on? I’ve been confused out of my mind. Since when has your relationship shifted to romance? It can’t be like what the rumors are saying and that you’re forced to date each other, right?” 
Vivian was getting a little irritated. 
From her perspective, she was supposed to be considered family by both of them. Keeping something so huge from her was unacceptable. 
Panic shot up Susan’s chest as she stammered, “N-No, Vivi. L-Let me explain. The two of US, uh, w-we…” 
“Why are you explaining yourself to her? Didn’t she keep us in the dark when she was having issues with those behind her back?”
Unexpectedly, before Susan could say anything, Ian cut her off. The latter had been standing quietly behind her before making the snide remark out of impatience. 
At first, Vivian had intended to wait for an answer. 
However, after Ian’s comment, Vivian’s pale face instantly reddened in fury. She stared daggers at Ian as the rim around her eyes turned bloodshot. 
“You’re both unbelievable!” 
Stomping her feet, Vivian turned around and dashed up the stairs, leaving Kurt gaping at her in disbelief. 
Poor Kurt was dumbfounded. 
Is she really angry? 
Instinctively, Kurt wanted to chase after her, but after a second of thinking, he decided to deal with Ian first. With an unpleasant tone in his voice, Kurt warned, “Don’t cross the line. You just got the girl, and you’re already tossing your own sister aside because of the girl? Is that how you should act?” 
With that being said, he headed upstairs without another word. 
Susan’s face turned pale before blushing at Kurt’s words. 
Just as she was about to chase after Vivian to explain the situation, Ian grabbed her by her arm before she could even take the first step. 
“Ian, what-” 
“Talk to her tomorrow. She’s not calm enough right now.”
With just a casual comment, Ian pulled her into the bedroom. 
That night, Vivian waited bitterly in her room for the pair to explain themselves, but to no avail. Disappointment filled her heart as tears began rolling down her cheeks. In the end, it was Kurt who slowly coaxed her to sleep. Even after Vivian had fallen asleep, her frustrated tears still lingered on her long eyelashes. 
After all, she had the right to feel aggrieved. 
Ian had kept such a huge thing from her. Sometimes she wondered if the former still considered her as his biological sister. 
Not only so, but Ian had also talked back at her in a menacing manner. Ever since they were children, Ian had never raised his voice at her. Yet because of another woman, Ian had snapped at her that night. 
With a heart filled with frustrations and disappointments, Vivian drifted off to sleep. As Kurt was pulling a blanket over her shoulders, he heard her mutter in her dreams, “Matt…” 
She truly does seem like a baby. 
Kurt shook his head in mild exasperation. 
The next morning, Kurt woke up around seven o’clock. When Susan had not been around for the past few days, it was Kurt who had been preparing breakfast. 
Out of habit, Kurt went over to the room next to his to check up on Vivian. To his surprise, the door was already open. Without hesitation, he went over to take a look inside. 
“It’s you?”
Kurt stared at the tall outline in disbelief. The person inside was placing a small cake on the small table in front of Vivian’s bed. 
Indeed, the person inside the room was Ian. 
He was dressed in workout attire with a cap on his head. Peeking from below the cap was a forehead drenched in droplets of sweat. 
It was as though he had gone for a long workout session since early in the morning. 
Ian did, in fact, go out early in the morning. 
After placing the cake on the table, Ian took out the earphones in his ears and strode toward the door. 
Kurt said nothing as Ian made his way toward him. 
“Why did you stir up trouble last night?” 
Kurt remained speechless. 
stir up trouble? It was just a mere reminder.
###Chapter 1929
Chapter 1929
Kurt thought that Ian was the spitting image of his old man when the latter was being unreasonable. 
“Mr. Ian. Firstly, it truly was your fault last night. You truly did keep the truth from her from the beginning. You could have just apologized. Not only did you not apologize, but you turned the situation around and blamed her instead.” 
Ian was at a loss for words. 
“Secondly, do you not know your own sister? She views her relationship with her two brothers in the highest regard. She would always share everything with you, so when you keep secrets from her, she would feel hurt, thinking that you are treating her like a stranger. Got it?” 
Once again, Kurt reminded Ian bluntly. 
Just as Kurt’s voice dissipated, Ian fell silent. It was as though he had been pulled out of his own world. 
At eight o’clock, Vivian finally woke up. As she opened her eyes, she noticed her favorite blue velvet cake on the table, as well as Ian, who was sitting nonchalantly by the window, waiting for her to wake up. 
Vivian was stumped. 
“Awake? Go freshen up quickly and eat the cake. It’s not early anymore.” 
Seeing that Vivian was awake out of the corner of his eye, Ian made a casual comment as he scanned the document in his hand.
Vivian pursed her small lips together before slowly getting out of bed and heading for the bathroom. 
When she returned to the table, she noticed that the cake had been taken out of the box. There was also a mug of warm milk next to the cake, with its steam still visible. The milk even had her favorite sugar cubes. 
It was evident that Vivian had a sweet tooth. 
“Vivi, I’d like to apologize for my behavior last night. I was not keeping the secret from you on purpose. It’s just that… things between Susan and I are complicated. 
Because of that, no one else knew besides Kurt.” 
As Vivian took a seat at the table, Ian put down the work in his hands and started explaining. 
Indeed, he had not intended to hide it from her. 
It was more of a subconscious decision not to let Vivian know about it. In Ian’s mind, Vivian was his younger sister. He had built a habit of wanting to protect her, yet he had never thought about letting her help him. 
Not only so, Ian realized that Kurt had been right. His personality did include him keeping his feelings to himself and not letting anyone else know about them. 
Vivian picked up the small spoon and ate the cake in small bites. 
After a whole night of rest, Vivian was significantly calmer. Between bites, Vivian raised her head and looked at Ian. 
“Ian, you should have talked to US about it. When you went to Yeringham on your own to look for Susan, could the troubles you faced be avoided if someone were to help?”
“What?” 
“I’ve heard everything. To prevent the two of you from being together, Susan’s mom tracked you down, knelt in front of you, and said that you’re… you’re diseased, and you two are not fit to be together. Do you know how heartbroken I was when I heard that? My brother is not diseased. If Matt and I were to have any clue-even if it’s just a small one-we would have been able to help, or at least shield you from the pain.” 
Vivian was still eating the cake as she spoke. 
However, at the end of her sentence, the mist in front of her eyes started pouring down as giant tear droplets. 
Did she stay up late last night just to get an answer from them? 
Of course not. In reality, her heart had been aching for quite a while, to the extent that she had sleepless nights. It was so painful that she wanted an answer, as though an answer would soothe the pain. 
Ian was stunned. 
His lips parted slightly as he gaped at Vivian. All of a sudden, it was as though something had struck his brain. In a flash, fragments of memories flooded to the surface. 
Knelt? That’s right; there was a woman who knelt in front of me. She said… She said… 
Clang! 
The fork in Ian’s hand fell to the ground as his hand trembled. The sound of it hitting the floor reverberated in the room.
“Ian?” Vivian was startled. At the sight of Ian’s odd expression, she quickly stood up and made her way in front of Ian. 
“Are you all right? Ian?” 
Vivian repeatedly called Ian by his name. After a few tries, color slowly returned to Ian’s paled face as he recomposed himself. 
So this is the memory I had suppressed. This is the reason -the true reason-why I had left Susan. 
Ian’s finger turned cold. Within a matter of seconds, a sense of despair weighed on his heart, choking the breath out of him. 
“Ian?” 
“Vivi, tell me. Do you… Do you think that I’ll be like Daddy? Do I… really have a psychological condition?” 
“No!” 
Vivian immediately rejected the idea with a firm voice. She looked at her brother with an agitated expression. The tearing pain in her heart caused her just-dried eyes to water once again. 
“You’re not diseased! You’re healthy and perfectly fine! Also, Daddy doesn’t have psychological illnesses either! He was forced to be like that!” Vivian denied the idea. 
Her voice raised higher and higher with each sentence she said. 
Kurt and Susan finally heard the commotion from downstairs. 
The two of them exchanged glances before bolting upstairs.
Just as they reached the bedroom door, Susan heard a sentence that scared the daylights out of her. 
“But, it is true that psychosis runs in the family. It was because of this reason that Daddy was locked up by Grandpa for all those years. It can’t be made up. Even when we were younger, I have always been different from the both of you, haven’t I?” 
A heavy silence hung in the bedroom, suffocating everyone inside like the calm before the storm.
###Chapter 1930
Chapter 1930
“That’s not true!” 
At the most critical moment, a slender figure dashed into the room. She was just like a gigantic hand that had suddenly appeared in the stormy seas, stabilizing the boat that was just about to capsize. 
“That isn’t it, Ian. Indeed, that gene runs in the Soprano family. However, Aunt Sabrina is fine. Also, there isn’t anyone in the Soprano family who is like Uncle Sebastian. Haven’t you realized that?” 
That person was Susan, who had been listening to the conversation outside. 
She stood next to Ian while holding his hands which were trembling slightly. 
Even though it was already summer, his hands were so cold that Susan could not help but shudder. 
Ian was rather stunned to see the woman as he had not expected her to appear suddenly. 
“I… It was just a casual remark.” A look of panic flashed across Ian’s eyes as he did not want to continue discussing that topic. 
He tried to retract his hand, but Susan tightened her grip on his hands as she said, “No, Ian, hear me out. What happened to Uncle Sebastian has got nothing to do with genetics. Well, perhaps there’s a slight connection, but it’s mainly because of his childhood experiences and other things that he had encountered as an adult.” 
Taking a pause, she continued, “But you’re not the same, right? You grew up in a loving environment with so many people caring about you. There’s no reason you would be like Uncle Sebastian. If a person walks down the wrong path, most of the time, it’s due to their own choices and factors other than genetics. Ian, don’t you understand that?”
Susan started choking up at the end of her sentence. 
In fact, she was so scared that tears started streaming down her face. 
That was because she knew what that meant to the young man in front of her. When she first heard the truth, she had a hard time accepting it as well, not to mention Ian, who was directly affected by it. 
Besides, he was in so much agony that he had even chosen to forget his memories. 
Susan looked up at Ian, her teary eyes filled with fear and unease. She was grabbing Ian’s hands so tightly that her fingers had turned white. 
“Ian, you-” 
“All right. Let’s go out first and let them talk.” Before Vivian could finish her sentence, Kurt quickly interrupted her and dragged her out of the bedroom. 
Vivian did not mean to hurt Ian. She had only revealed the truth as she was too worried about her brother. 
However, even if she had not said it, it was just a matter of time before Ian would find out. 
After the door was shut, the atmosphere in the room suddenly turned heavy with tension. Susan was still kneeling on the ground while looking up at Ian. 
“Ian?” A few seconds later, Susan finally broke the silence. 
After what seemed like a long time, Ian, who was sitting on a chair, slowly turned back from the window and looked at the woman. 
“Have you thought about it carefully? You do know what the future might entail if you choose to be with me, right?”
“There’s nothing for me to think about. We grew up together, and I know the kind of person you are. That’s enough for me to be sure about this,” Susan said resolutely while holding Ian’s hands tightly. 
She could feel her heart aching as she met the young man’s sorrowful gaze. 
In fact, she knew very well what he was afraid of. 
He was worried that he would end up being like his dad and was even more afraid that their future children would suffer from the same fate. 
At that moment, Susan felt herself having difficulty breathing as if she could feel the man’s pain. 
She reached out and caressed Ian’s handsome face, which was pale and had a tense expression. 
“Ian, you have to remember that I’ve known you for a long time. Back then, when I ran out at midnight to get you that gift, you’d already left a deep impression on my mind.” 
The woman could feel Ian’s hands trembling slightly after she said that. The next moment, he shut his eyes. 
Plop! 
Susan felt a jab to her heart as hot tears fell on her palm. 
Meanwhile, Vivian and Kurt were downstairs, getting ready to go to school. 
However, Vivian was still feeling very low. She kept looking back up at the apartment, wanting to know what was going on. 
When Kurt noticed that, he tried to comfort her after they got into the car. “Don’t worry. Everything will be fine. By the way, how did you find out the truth about your brother’s forgotten memories?”
“I heard it from Sigrun. The second day after she returned, I suddenly saw a post on the forum that was indirectly scolding our Jadeson family. I was really mad about it and got someone to find that person’s IP address. It turned out that Sigrun made the post,” Vivian replied furiously. 
Kurt was momentarily stunned to hear that. 
“Sigrun? Why haven’t you mentioned this to me before?” 
“It’s just a small matter. Besides, I’ve already settled it. I have also warned her that if she continues creating trouble, I won’t let her off,” Vivian answered casually.
###Chapter 1931
Chapter 1931
She wasn’t someone to be messed with. 
When Vivian confronted Sigrun that day, Sigrun’s attitude was arrogant. She thought Vivian wouldn’t know what to do since Vivian had always been naive. 
Despite getting caught, she wasn’t afraid and even threatened Vivian she would spread the word about how the Jadesons allowed an aunt to marry a nephew. 
Her words sparked Vivian’s temper. 
With a wave of her arm, Vivian got all the information on the Lightburn family in her hands in less than an hour. Without giving the Lightburn family a fair warning, Vivian immediately published it on the internet. 
Did Sigrun take Sebastian’s daughter as a wimp? 
The members of the Lightburn family felt as though they were thrown to hell that night. The situation finally de escalated when Lucius personally gave Vivian a call. 
Vivian had Sigrun tell her everything from the start. That was when Vivian heard about Ian’s incident. 
To be honest, she was furious when she heard about it and even hated Susan’s mother for it. She couldn’t understand how someone who was once family could become so cruel. 
Vivian swore she would take revenge on her if anything happened to Ian. 
That was why she was so worked up the night before when she waited for Ian’s and the others’ return. 
“Kurt, let me tell you something. I won’t allow anyone to hurt my brother. If Susan deals with this matter properly, I’ll forgive her. otherwise…”
otherwise what? 
Vivian didn’t finish her threat, but Kurt knew Vivian was infuriated when he caught the dark look on her face. It was the first time he’d seen her get so angry after Elysium’s incident. 
Seeing it was almost time for class, Kurt took Vivian to the campus. 
Not long after they left, Susan and Ian came down the stairs. 
They were calmer than before, but Susan couldn’t help but be filled with worry when she didn’t see Vivian and Kurt in the living room. 
“Did Vivian… got angry?” 
“Don’t worry. I’ll explain it to her.” 
Ian held an umbrella over them. His tone was much better now that he had relaxed. 
Susan nodded. 
After a while, they got on their bicycle to get to class. 
Regardless, Susan didn’t expect the students on campus would whisper and point at them with furious expressions when she and Ian arrived. 
“Is it her? She’s the one who took advantage of her background to be engaged to Ian?” 
“Yeah, that’s her.” 
“She’s too much!” 
The whole way from the bicycle parking lots to her class, Susan had only received looks of contempt from everyone she passed by.
She was confused by all the looks she’d been receiving. Her strand of patience finally snapped when she saw the students still throwing her the same looks despite almost reaching the finance and accounting block. 
“What is going on? Why are they all looking at me like that? They’re staring at me as though I’m forcing you against your will.” 
“You’re not. Don’t listen to their nonsense.” 
Ian nonchalantly denied her claim. 
Susan didn’t know how to retort Ian. 
Without a choice, she let him leave for his class. 
After she stepped into the building where her class was, she saw Anna racing toward her. 
“Ms. Limmer, you’re finally back! Let me ask you something. Did you really snatch someone else’s boyfriend?” 
“What?” 
Susan shot Anna a look of confusion. 
/ snatched someone else’s boyfriend? 
Susan stared at her best friend intently. “Who are you talking about? Whose boyfriend have I snatched?” 
Anna replied, “Sigrun Lightburn from the Faculty of Business Administration. The entire campus already knows. What’s going on, Ms. Limmer? I’ve never seen you talking with that Lightburn girl’s boyfriend before. How did you manage to steal him from Sigrun?”
Susan felt like she had a ball of cotton stuck in her throat for an entire minute. 
Me? I snatched Sigrun’s boyfriend? She was the one that stole mine! We were already a couple back at the University of Pollerton and in Yeringham. 
Susan was so mad she only saw red in her vision. 
“Anna, I didn’t steal her boyfriend. Ian has always been my boyfriend.” 
“Your boyfriend?” 
“Yeah. We’ve been together ever since we came back to 
the country. We had some misunderstandings between us. That was why Ian came here, and I followed him here to get him back.” 
To clear her name, Susan told Anna the whole story. 
As Susan expected, Anna had a look of comprehension on her face after Susan finished explaining. 
“So that was what happened. That means you guys are fine now?” 
“Yeah.” A pretty shade of pink colored Susan’s cheeks. 
“Our families have approved our relationship, and we’ll probably… get engaged on Ian’s birthday.” Susan’s cheeks blazed hotter. 
Wow! An engagement. 
Anna’s eyes sparkled at the news. 
Ian was in the Faculty of Finance that day afternoon. He could hear the students’ comments were starting to turn in Susan’s favor.
They weren’t criticizing Susan anymore. Instead, they were describing her with surprise and admiration in their tone. After all, not every girl could chase their man over thousands of miles.
###Chapter 1932
Chapter 1932
Ian’s mood was getting better. 
As the morning classes ended, he glanced at the watch on his wrist, and realizing that it was still early, he got out of the classroom and headed toward the Faculty of Media. 
“Hello, is Vivian here?” 
“Vivian? She has gone to the television production studio. A celebrity is visiting their faculty today, so she’s heading there to snap some photos for an assignment,” a student from the Faculty of Media explained. 
Celebrity? 
Ian scrunched his brows upon hearing that. At the thought of how Vivian had to shoulder the weight of the heavy camera to shoot a person who she had no interest in, his mood, which had just turned for the better, became gloomy again. 
Coming within his vision upon arriving at the studio was a large crowd flocking around the stage. Among them, he spotted Vivian at one corner, struggling to capture some shots of a blonde female celebrity on stage. 
Alongside her, many students from the film major were also trying to take some photos. 
Unfortunately, that female celebrity did not seem to be very cooperative. 
“Ms. Lina, where would you be filming for your next project?”
“If everything goes according to plan, it’ll probably be at your school,” the female celebrity answered, her tone as if her presence was a blessing bestowed upon the students. 
In an instant, an exhilarated cheer erupted from the crowd. Delighted to hear that piece of news, everyone in the studio angled their camera lens toward the celebrity and clicked their shutter button incessantly. 
Like the others, Vivian wanted to snap some shots too. 
However, given how she had to shoulder a bulky camera’s weight with her petite frame, she was on the verge of getting squeezed by the other students. Right then, a hand held onto her from behind. 
“Ian?” 
Whipping her head around to the youth, Vivian was thrilled. 
Ian nodded and pulled her to her feet after grabbing the camera from her hands. 
“This is the assignment you have to complete?” 
“Yeah. The professor wanted US to start by taking shots of figures before progressing to scenes.” The visibly crestfallen Vivian sat beside Ian as she spoke. The resentment within her was so overpowering even the youth beside her could sense it. 
It was no wonder why she could react that way. After all, that was not what she had wanted to learn. 
Picking up the camera in his grip, Ian switched it on and browsed through the photos inside, only to find that they were of mediocre quality, taken from not-so-flattering angles. At once, his brows knitted tightly together again. 
“Vivi, you can always change your major if you don’t like this one. stop forcing yourself anymore.”
“But there’s nothing I like here.” Vivian clutched her head and said aggrievedly. 
Ian fell silent. 
After a long while, he abruptly suggested, “How about… a school transfer?” 
“No way!” 
As expected, Vivian violently ed to that suggestion as soon as his voice rang out. 
“I’m not going to switch schools. I want to stay here because Kurt is here. Don’t worry, Ian. I will do my best.” As she finished speaking, she reached out to grab the camera back, intending to continue with her assignment. 
Seeing that, Ian grabbed her by her arm. “Vivi, that’s not what I mean. I just don’t want to see you so stressed because of your studies.” 
“Then what about you, Ian? Weren’t you also in agony? 
You even tried to remove your memory because you couldn’t be with Susan, didn’t you?” Vivian retorted. 
Ian held onto Vivian’s hand, unable to vocalize a single word for a long time. 
The reason was crystal clear. They both had tolerated the pain and hardship to be able to stay by the side of the person they loved. Only those involved in it would know whether it was worthwhile to go through such tribulation. 
Eventually, Ian did not persist in discussing the matter anymore. 
He released his grip and brought up another topic.
“Regarding Susan’s mother, I know you probably dislike her a lot, Vivi. But I want to remind you that I’m greatly responsible for it as I was the one who didn’t handle it well.” 
“What?” Vivian sounded surprised. 
He didn’t handle it we//? What has that got to do with him? 
“A-Are you speaking up for her, Ian?” 
“That’s not it. I’m only stating a fact. About Susan and I, it has been my fault from the start. I did whatever I wanted to. When we encountered problems, I only resorted to extreme methods. That inadvertently caused Sigrith to have more doubts about my mental health,” Ian placidly expressed. 
Strangely enough, he could finally talk about this matter calmly after talking it out with Susan in the bedroom that morning. 
It was to the point he could mention his mental disorder without letting his emotions get the better of him. 
Vivian was dumbfounded. 
“So, do you mean to say that you’re the one who caused her to misunderstand?” 
“Yes.” Ian bobbed his head. 
“Besides, she knew about my character, and that’s why she came kneeling and begging me. Of course, she’s indeed being selfish. But I also learned from Susan that her mom’s temperament significantly changed when she came over. That’s why Susan suspects that someone instigated her mom.” 
“Who would do that?”
“A housekeeper from the Heard family. He’s called Mr. Glen. I heard Eddie placed him at their neighboring house to keep an eye on them. Daddy is already investigating right now. You don’t have to worry about it.” 
This time, Ian decided to reveal the truth about everything, including such a confidential piece of information. 
At once, Vivian became wordless. 
Her initially relaxed expression swiftly grew tense. Thinking about how that matter had arisen because someone had been stirring trouble from behind, her eyes glinted with anger. 
“Why do these irksome scums keep showing up everywhere?” 
“Fret not. Daddy will deal with it. So, you’re no longer angry now, right?” 
“What is there to be angry about? I’m just worried for you and don’t wish anyone to hurt you.” Unlike her words, Vivian did not seem too pleased. She was still huffing in frustration as she lowered her gaze. 
Instead of uttering a response, Ian merely pulled her closer to him and gently massaged her head.
###Chapter 1933
Chapter 1933
When Susan showed up at the television production studio, she saw Ian and Vivian busy taking photos. 
With Ian’s presence, that female celebrity also became much more obedient. 
“Is this posture fine?” She flashed a bright smile and took the initiative to ask the two while standing on stage. 
While Ian said nothing, Vivian was so ecstatic she brought her camera up and began snapping photos wildly. 
That sight left Susan feeling slightly relieved. Since they’re taking photos together, they’ve probably resolved their misunderstanding and patched things up. 
A smile crept up her face, and she turned around to leave. 
“That should be Vivian’s brother, right? He’s rather impressive, isn’t he? His appearance instantly made a female celebrity obey him. Look, she even allows Vivian to take photos of her” 
“Exactly. I guess money does make the world go round.” 
A group of students began gossiping in dissatisfaction outside the studio after catching a glimpse of Vivian and Ian’s actions inside. 
Susan’s eyes darkened. 
Throwing a glance at the group, she noticed that they also had a photography pass hanging on their necks, similar to one that Vivian possessed. Comprehension instantly dawned upon her, and she strode up to them.
“Hi, may I know… why you guys are crowding around here to take photos of that lady?” 
“It’s an assignment we have to complete!” Seeing that it was a senior they were unfamiliar with after peering at Susan, one of them within the group impassively answered. 
Ignoring the displeasure written on their faces, Susan continued to probe, “I see. Then why are you all standing outside? That girl is in there; you guys can head inside too.” 
She was, in truth, rather perplexed. 
To Susan’s understanding, Vivian was a magnanimous person who surely would not mind sharing such an opportunity with her classmates. 
Nonetheless, those girls’ faces immediately contorted into an ugly scowl upon hearing her words. 
“Why should we go in there? Didn’t you see that celebrity’s assistant chasing US out? Gosh, Vivian, that brat, is usually so laid back and always ranks last in grades among everyone in the faculty. But now that there’s an assignment due, she calls her brother here to help. Is there a need for her to study if she completes her assignment this way? Her family is so rich that she can probably afford to start up her own media company after 
she graduates. Why does she still need to come to school and go through the drill?” 
Those girls spared no leniency with their words. 
Of course, those nasty remarks caused anger to brew deep within Susan, but she chose not to say anything and left to find the Faculty of Media’s professor. 
About half an hour later, she learned from the professor that Vivian was not scoring well for the various modules since her admission into the school.
Knowing that Vivian was such an intelligent girl, Susan was appalled to find that her results were at the bottom of her class after flipping through pages of documents. 
“Sir, w-what’s wrong… with her? Vivi used to be an outstanding student.” 
“My take is that she doesn’t seem very interested. She always looks listless during my classes. It appears like she’s merely trying to idle the hours away.” 
Despite Vivian’s poor attitude in class, the professor was nice enough to share his understanding of her when he encountered someone enquiring about it. 
Doesn’t seem interested? 
Susan’s heart skipped a beat when she heard that. 
It’s honestly torturous to do something without any interest. This matter obviously isn’t a minor issue. Vivi learning something she doesn’t like now means she’ll have a job that she’s unenthusiastic about in the future. She’ll be in an agonizing spot when that day comes. 
That afternoon, Susan chatted with that professor for a long time in the latter’s office. 
Following that, she went to look for Kurt. 
“The professor said that?” 
Like Susan, Kurt’s mood instantly went downhill after learning about the matter. 
Truthfully, he had his suspicions too. 
Yet, Vivian had done everything she could to keep the truth from him, mainly because she was worried he would chase her away for that reason. To avoid chances of him learning about it, she had even fostered a good relationship with her professors and classmates prior.
So, that silly girl has been forcing herself. 
That revelation made Kurt leap to his feet. 
“Where are you going?” Susan hastily asked when she saw his action. 
“I’m going to look for the professor to apply for a school transfer.” 
Little did she expect that instead of confronting Vivian and helping her resolve her problem, Kurt would choose 
to apply for a school transfer for himself. 
Where does he intend to transfer to? To a school that offers a program that Vivian is interested in? 
Susan was undoubtedly stumped. It was the first time she came across such a couple where one would go to such an extent for the other half. She knew well that her relationship with Ian was far from that stage. 
“Don’t act recklessly just yet. Sit down and hear me out first.” It took Susan a while to calm her emotions before she could assuage Kurt with her analysis. 
Bracing himself, he sat back down. 
“The thing is, I’ve learned from Vivi’s professor earlier today that she shows no interest in classes because she hasn’t found her professional hobby.” 
“Professional hobby?” 
“Yes. The Faculty of Media, in the eyes of many, is merely dealing with the entertainment and film industry. Vivi probably sees it that way too, and that’s why she isn’t interested. But there’s actually something within the program that fits well with her interests.”
Susan took out a document she retrieved from the professor and placed it in front of Kurt.
###Chapter 1934
Chapter 1934
There were more than a handful of branches in the media industry-media studies, production, directing, and arts, to name a few. On one look, it was adequate to say those were not something that would pique Vivian’s interest. 
However, as Kurt lowered his head to browse through the document, he noticed that Susan had circled the point “scene and costume design” under the directing section with a red pen. 
“What’s this?” 
“That’s what suits her. The professor mentioned that other than the actors’ superb acting skills, the success of a film is also closely tied to these two factors. For instance, that wildly popular drama rose to fame because of its costume, props, and makeup.” Susan found some images of that particular film as she patiently explained. 
As an incredibly clever youth, Kurt immediately understood upon seeing the documents before him. Even his eyes lit up in realization. 
Above all, Vivian’s name would be equivalent to a living signboard if she could make a breakthrough in that aspect of the film industry. When that happened, directing anything she was interested in, including documentaries, dramas, and fashion shows, would not be a problem. 
She’ll be able to film and coordinate everything by herself. There’s nothing she isn’t capable of, right? 
With that, Kurt grabbed everything and strode out. 
In no time, Susan walked out of the architecture faculty and coincidentally ran into Ian at the school’s central square. As the two exchanged glances from a distance away, the smile on their lips
grew increasingly brighter. 
“When did you go over there?” 
“Oh… While you two were busy taking photos. Is everything resolved?” 
As they strolled along the forested trail, Susan dared not look at the youth beside her. She walked awkwardly and deliberately kept a distance between them. 
It was probably the first time the two walked side by side after their relationship’s breakthrough. 
There was no doubt it was an awkward moment-and also a nervous one. 
Susan lowered her head and stared at her toes. 
Ring! 
All of a sudden, a student riding a bicycle appeared from behind. 
Shocked, Susan was about to move aside when a large hand reached out to her shoulder and tugged at her. In the next second, she found herself landing directly into his embrace. 
Susan was so startled her mind went blank. 
Her heart thumped so wildly that it almost felt like it was about to leap out of her chest. 
“Are you all right?” Ian seemed slightly unsettled too. 
Vividly sensing Susan’s soft and warm skin resting in his palms, coupled with the scent of her silky hair lingering around his nostrils, he felt the tips of his ears burning red. 
However, he did not loosen his grip.
“I-I’m fine.” Leaning against Ian’s chest, Susan felt her heart pounding vigorously, causing her to stutter as she tried to speak. 
Nevertheless, it was apparent she enjoyed that situation since she did not try to break free. Even when there were passers-by along the two stretch of lanes beside them, she merely buried her head deeper into Ian’s chest. 
As she listened to his strong and steady heartbeat, her cheeks began to turn bright red. 
The pair eventually left while holding hands, with the young man grabbing onto Susan’s slightly quivering hand in his warm palm tightly without letting go. 
It was a really sweet moment between the two. 
Meanwhile, Sasha had once again found Sigrith. She had also brought along Mr. Glen’s recording with her. 
“Listen to this.” 
She took out the device and played the recording in front of Sigrith. 
The latter’s face turned ghastly white at once. 
“You…” 
“I’ve always thought that you know how to differentiate right from wrong though you’re a little dumb. That was why I was willing to lend a helping hand when something happened to your family.” 
Sitting opposite Sigrith, Sasha appeared relatively calm.
Yet, her expression was slightly different this time. It felt like it was missing warmth even though it was peaceful- looking, so much to the extent her whole body seemed to be exuding a terrifyingly frosty aura. 
Sigrith clearly felt a chill running down her spine. 
“Sigrith, you’re an utter disappointment. It turns out you’ve attributed your husband’s death to my children and my husband all this while. Don’t you find your mentality extremely absurd?” Disgust and rage were apparent in Sasha’s eyes as she coldly snorted. 
When Sigrith heard those words, her face lost all colors instantaneously. She sat there, unable to maintain her composure in the slightest. 
“1-1… only heard them talking about the situation during then. T-They said Colton wouldn’t have died if not forthat desperate circumstance. He died in their hands in the end.” 
“Bullshtt!” Sasha could no longer hold herself back and cussed. 
“What do you mean desperate circumstance? That was because Elizabeth had been bewitching and misleading him from the beginning. She didn’t even reveal his real identity to him and made him become one of her pawns. Why didn’t you direct your resentment toward the Heard family? Why are you venting your anger on US instead of settling scores with the real culprit?” 
Sigrith remained silent. 
“Anyway, even if it’s true that my husband and kids caused Colton’s death, do you not think he deserves to die? Do you have any idea how many people he killed? There were over hundreds of children on that name list. Elysium’s matter drove Kurt mad. That was why he rushed over to the capital and killed everyone. Everything is Elizabeth and his fault! Does he not deserve to die?”
A wave of fury crashed through Sasha as she threw Sigrith a barrage of questions. She was very close to serving the latter a tight slap on her cheek to bring her to her senses.
###Chapter 1935
Chapter 1935
Colton wasn’t willing to be Elizabeth’s puppet, but he had done many things starting from the children’s list. He was the one helping Elizabeth scheme things. 
Thus, there was no reason for him to stay alive. He knew that his deeds were unforgivable, so it didn’t make sense for Sigrith to beg for his forgiveness. She’s nothing but a fool! 
Sasha lost patience and refused to talk to her anymore. 
Getting to her feet, she shot Sigrith a look full of disgust and hatred. 
“I wouldn’t have agreed to come to see you if you weren’t Susan’s mother. Don’t you have a brain? If you can’t even differentiate between good or bad, you’re no better than trash,” she mocked. 
With that said, she stormed away. 
She didn’t bother sparing Sigrith’s feelings at all. 
Sigrith’s entire being trembled profusely as the color drained from her face. However, she couldn’t manage any retorts even after Sasha left. 
In the evening, she went home to receive a call from the White House. 
“Mrs. Limmer, the Jadeson residence called me this afternoon to inform me that the arranged wedding between your daughter and their son will be called off. What happened? Why is it canceled all of a sudden? Did something happen?” 
Sigrith gaped in shock as she gripped her phone tightly. Her mind went blank, and she stood rooted to her spot at the door.
Never in her wildest dreams did she know this day would arrive. 
/ thought the Jadeson family wanted my daughter to marry into their family Their son has been clinging to my daughter all the while. Why did they call off the wedding suddenly? 
That was when she started to panic. 
After hanging up, she gave Sasha a call. To her shock, the call failed to go through even though she tried a few times. 
It was pretty obvious that Sasha had blocked her number. 
Flustered, she called Oceanic Estate. Fortunately, someone answered the call. “Hello? Who is this?” 
Recognizing Olivia’s voice, Sigrith asked hastily, “Olivia, it’s me, Sigrith Halford. May I know if Mrs. Jadeson is at home?” 
Alas, Olivia’s reply was harsh, even though they were on good terms previously. “Oh, Mrs. Limmer. I’m sorry, but Mrs. Jadeson isn’t at home. She’s on the way to cancel the reservation at the hotel. I think she has to cancel the jewelry, gowns, and the sort. She doesn’t have time to see you 
Sigrith’s mind went blank as her face paled. 
She’s canceling everything? That means they are determined to call off the wedding. 
“O-Olivia, wait a minute. What about Old Mr. Jadeson? Is he there? Does he know about this?” she stammered. 
“Of course, he knows everything. Mrs. Limmer, you know that he didn’t agree to the wedding in the first place, so it was Mr. and Mrs. Jadeson who made the decision. Now that you think Mr. Ian isn’t
worthy of your daughter and have found a better husband for her, Mrs. Jadeson decided to call off the wedding to grant your wish.” 
Olivia was eloquent enough to explain the entire matter in just a few sentences. 
She didn’t forget to expose Sigrith’s doing to humiliate the latter entirely. Sigrith could feel her cheeks turning pink after she heard what Olivia had to say. 
Alas, she had fallen victim to her own avarice. 
Olivia hung up and turned to see Sasha descending the stairs with two jewelry boxes in her hand. 
She flashed a smile. “Mrs. Jadeson, what did you pick for your darling daughter-in-law?” 
“Oh, these aren’t from me. The Hayes family sent two sets of jewelry-one from Solomon and one from Saul. Ugh, I’m a bit embarrassed,” Sasha explained as she glanced at the boxes in her hands. 
The kids were only engaged, but it didn’t stop them from sending over these gifts. Only family members who cared about the kids would get this excited over their engagement. 
Olivia was delighted to see that. 
“There’s no need to be embarrassed. Oh, by the way, I mocked Sigrith Halford when she called a while ago. That won’t be a problem, will it?” 
“Huh?” Sasha raised her head in surprise. 
Did she call? That was fast. Did she put aside her pride to contact us after learning that we’re calling off the wedding?
Glancing at the jewelry boxes in her hand, Sasha responded calmly, “It’s fine. If I’m not mistaken, she’ll show up soon. Tell Old Mr. Jadeson about it. I have to leave to pick the kids up.” 
“Sure!” Olivia agreed readily. 
Shortly after, Sasha drove her car out of Oceanic Estate to pick up Nina, Natalie, and Yoel from school. Indeed, Sigrith showed up not long after she left home.
###Chapter 1936
Chapter 1936
“l-ls Old Mr. Jadeson at home?” Sigrith asked carefully. 
Everyone in Oceanic Estate scared her senseless, including the housemaids who came to welcome her. Thus, she put on a flattering smile and asked to meet Jonathan politely. 
Alas, the housemaids ignored her. In the end, Olivia had to come out to deal with her. 
“Oh, Mrs. Limmer. Why are you here? Didn’t I tell you that Mrs. Jadeson went out to cancel the reservation at the hotel? She isn’t home,” Olivia said airily. 
“N-No. I’m not here to see Mrs. Jadeson. I want to talk to Old Mr. Jadeson,” Sigrith explained hurriedly. 
She was so embarrassed that she wished the ground would swallow her. 
After all, she never knew she would be in such a pathetic state one day. 
Fortunately, Olivia wasn’t about to ruin things for Oceanic Estate despite having a sharp tongue. She ended up bringing Sigrith to Jonathan. 
The moment Jonathan spotted Sigrith, his expression turned as dark as thunder. 
With a snort, he demanded, “Why are you here? Are you worthy of visiting Oceanic Estate, Mrs. Limmer?” 
Thud! 
At once, Sigrith fell to her knees as fear clawed up her throat.
“N-No. Old Mr. Jadeson, I’m sorry. I really am. Please be kind enough to forgive me this time. I grew too arrogant and forgot my place. Old Mr. Jadeson, please spare me this once!” she pleaded. 
All she wanted was for Jonathan to forgive her. Thus, she got on her knees willingly without any hesitation. 
She wanted nothing more than things to return to how they were before. 
It turned out that being abandoned by an influential family was a horrible thing to experience. She never knew that. After losing everything, she realized that the fame and power she had dreamed of was nothing but a joke that wasn’t even worth mentioning. 
Kneeling on the ground, Sigrith wiped her tears away. 
Jonathan was speechless. 
When Sasha came home with the kids, Sigrith had already left. Jonathan heard that she was home and summoned her to discuss the matter. 
Thus, Sasha left the kids in the living room. 
“Nina, remember to take good care of them. I need to leave,” Sasha reminded Nina, the eldest among the kids. 
Nina didn’t say a word. 
When they were left alone, she spotted Natalie sitting on the floor. The latter was cupping her cheeks as her eyes turned red. Thus, she ran into the kitchen and got a slice of strawberry cake. 
“Stop crying. Even if you cry, your daddy won’t come home. It’s more important to fill your tummy. You can visit him when you grow up,” she told Natalie.
Hearing that, Natalie burst into noisy tears. 
Brandon’s illness had deteriorated, so shortly after Matteo sent Natalie back to Netheria, he sent her back to them again. 
Sasha grew anxious after picking Natalie up. 
However, Brandon refused to reveal the truth. After learning of the matter, Sebastian told Sasha to take good care of Natalie and stay out of Brandon’s case. 
Indeed, they shouldn’t be interfering in his business. 
She was busy enough with Tillie. From the beginning, she helped Tillie give birth to her child and paid extra attention to them until Tillie’s child was three months old. 
As a result, she got so tired that her hair nearly went grey. 
Sebastian didn’t want her to tire herself out. Sometimes, it was impossible to change things as humans weren’t God. 
Natalie sobbed nonstop. 
In the end, Yoel came to sit beside her and offered her his shoulder to lean on. 
Sitting in a proper manner, he suggested, “Don’t be sad. My dad says he’ll come to pick me up after my little brothers celebrate their first birthday. I’ll ask him to take you to your dad.” 
It seemed that he had inherited his patience from his father, Solomon. 
Indeed, Natalie stopped crying.
She rubbed her eyes and turned at her shoulder to glance at the little boy who was younger than her. 
“When will your brothers celebrate their first birthday? 
Can Momma Ichika take care of them alone after that?” she asked innocently. 
Yoel didn’t want to talk about it. 
His wish to go home was destroyed after his mother, Ichika, gave birth to a pair of twins in Jetroina. They were both boys, so she was devastated as she wanted adorable baby girls. 
Alas, she gave birth to boys. 
Hence, Solomon had to take care of the newborn twins and ensure she didn’t suffer depression. He also had to work, so he was pretty overloaded. 
Naturally, he couldn’t take care of his eldest son. 
Yoel fell silent and cupped his cheeks sadly. 
“Why are you guys overthinking? Natalie, why don’t you call Matteo if you want to see your daddy? He can bring you to your daddy,” Nina told them. 
Natalie lit up at once, and her distress faded into thin air. 
She ran away to call Matteo, who always bullied her. Nina, who was two years older than her, trotted behind her.
###Chapter 1937
Chapter 1937
“Hello?” When the call connected, a familiar predatory voice rang out. 
Natalie cowered instinctively at his voice. 
Matteo added, “Who is this? Why aren’t you talking?” 
Natalie couldn’t bring herself to utter a word. 
A long while later, she gripped the phone and stammered, “l-lt’s me. I miss my daddy. Can you bring me back?” 
“What?” 
Matteo was training on the training ground. Sweat dripped down his forehead, and he was taken aback to hear her voice. 
Wait a minute. Is this the little crybaby? 
Comprehension dawned, and he halted in his tracks. Silence ensued. 
He didn’t want to tell her that her father was dead. 
Matteo hung up despondently. 
“What’s wrong? Who did you talk to on the phone? Why are you acting this way?” his friend asked in concern after noticing his expression.
All Matteo wanted was to stay silent. He would have difficulty breathing whenever he recalled the photo of the body covered with a white cloth. 
Right then, their discipline teacher showed up. He spotted Matteo and waved at him. “Matteo Wand, come here!” 
“Got it!” Matteo responded curtly and ran over to him. 
A few minutes later, he was brought to the higher-ups’ office in the military school. There, he got to meet several strangers. One of them was a professional looking woman. 
Matteo glanced at the other students beside him in surprise. 
“Captain Warlow, these are the students I told you about. They are the most agile and smartest students among their peers. Which ones will you pick?” 
The discipline teacher introduced them to the lady after bringing Matteo and his friends into the office. 
Captain? Is she here to pick a few talents? 
Matteo fell into deep thought while his friends gave the woman curious and earnest stares. 
As military school students, they were prepared to serve the country anytime. Thus, they couldn’t help but grow curious about why the captain came here. 
Matteo grew excited as he recalled his grandfather and uncle. 
Nevertheless, he didn’t know what was lying in wait for him. The lady brought him to a room and showed him his mission. His mind went blank after seeing the unexpected photo.
“He’s the only person who survived for one year after his kidneys were removed. We finally cracked down on the organization, thanks to him. Matteo, have you made up your mind?” 
The female captain pointed at the photo of the dead body covered with a white cloth and the two gruesome scars on his waist before explaining how the person died. 
Matteo’s body started trembling. 
His mind was blank save for the fury that clouded his thoughts. He tried hard to still his rage, but the little crybaby’s plea seemed to ring in his ear repeatedly. 
/ still remember her sweet voice pleading with me to bring her back to her daddy. Why? Why did he fall prey to the bad guys? He’s an Emmanuel, and the Emmanuels are related to the Hayes family. Who the f*ck did that to him? Does the person have a death wish? 
Matteo was on the verge of losing his mind. 
Lana Warlow demanded, “What’s wrong?” 
As she kept her gaze on him, she immediately noticed something was amiss with his reaction and demanded to know why 
Matteo was at a loss for words. 
It took him a while before he regained his composure and replied, “I’m fine. 1-1 was just a bit shocked, that’s all. By the way, why were his kidneys removed? I remembered he used to be a popular celebrity.” 
Matteo didn’t reveal that he knew Brandon in real life.
He knew that the police wouldn’t allow those related to the victim to carry out the mission-if there were one-to prevent their emotions from taking over their senses. 
Indeed, the wariness in the female captain’s gaze faded away after hearing his answer. 
“You’re right. He’s Brandon Emmanuel, a top actor seven years ago. According to our investigation, it was pure accident that he ended up in the criminal organization’s hands,” Lana explained. 
“An accident?” Matteo repeated dumbly. 
Lana nodded. “Yes. One year ago, he brought his daughter on vacation in Gronga. He ran into someone he knew, who was his ex-manager. It was this person who brought him to the boss of the criminal organization. He had lost his kidneys when he showed up again.” 
They got the information from Brandon, who called the police before his death. Thanks to him, they solved an international organ trafficking case that had been troubling them for some time. 
Matteo didn’t remember how he stepped out of the room. 
All he remembered was that he went to the bathroom in his dorm and turned on the tap to allow the water to pour on his body. 
He was afraid that he would act recklessly and feel the urge to kill someone if he failed to calm himself down. 
Outside the military school, Lana was about to leave. She brought the students’ resumes with her but excluded Matteo’s. 
“Captain Warlow, why didn’t you pick him? I’ve read his resume, and he’s better than the ones you selected,” her assistant asked in confusion.
###Chapter 1938
Chapter 1938
Lana’s brows snapped together. 
Why didn’t she pick Matteo? 
That was because he wasn’t a suitable fit for the job. As an experienced police officer, she knew something was wrong with his reaction earlier. 
Lana drove away in her car. 
That night, a black Jeep came to the military school to pick the students up. The person in charge had a list and photos of the students with him. Hmm, the number of students is correct. However, one student’s height and looks don’t look right. 
“Well…” 
“Let’s go. Captain Warlow is hurrying US. We’re leaving in half an hour. If we miss the opportunity, they won’t get another chance to sneak in,” another man urged. 
In the end, the students were brought away. The birthday celebration for the triplets in Oceanic Estate was going to be held half a month later. 
Ian and Susan only received news that their families confirmed their engagement a week later in Atlantius. 
They would be getting engaged on the same day as the triplets’ birthday, less than a month away. 
Ian and Susan were rendered speechless. 
They didn’t know what to say.
/ can’t believe Mom is this efficient at this age! 
“Ian, I’ve prepared everything for your engagement party. You can buy a present for Susan if you want. Just let me know how much it is,” Sasha reminded Ian after she told him the date of their engagement. 
Ian pursed his lips. 
She prepared everything. What else can I buy? 
Ian hung up and came out of the bedroom to see Vivian heading downstairs with a bucket of dog food to feed Lotus. He followed her down the stairs. 
“Ian, don’t you need to work?” Vivian asked curiously. 
Ian often spends the whole day in his room. Why did he follow me out to feed Lotus? 
Ian said naught a word. 
When they arrived at the kennel, Vivian poured the dog food into Lotus’ dog bowl. Lotus proceeded to munch on its food greedily. Right then, Ian said casually, “Why do girls like dogs?” 
“Hm? Why not? Look how adorable Lotus is. We also like cats,” came Vivian’s answer. 
“Really?” Ian bore a doubtful expression as though he didn’t believe her words. 
Seeing his reaction, Vivian started fretting and told her brother earnestly about what girls normally liked. 
Upstairs, Kurt was watering the flowers on the balcony after he finished doing the dishes. He happened to spot their exchange and watched without a word as Vivian got tricked by her brother.
Soon, Ian came upstairs. 
Seeing him, Kurt asked, “We’re going fishing today. Do you want to join US?” 
“No. I’m busy,” came Ian’s curt reply. 
He then strode to his room and slammed the door shut behind him. 
Kurt shook his head in resignation. When Vivian skipped up the stairs with the empty bucket, he pulled her into their bedroom on the second floor so they could change their clothes. 
“Vivi, I’ll bring you somewhere later,” he told her. 
“Really?” Vivian enthused as her eyes lit up in excitement. 
She was too innocent to realize what his real intention was. 
Shortly after, they departed. Ian and Susan were left alone in the apartment in their respective rooms. 
Susan was in her room, talking to her mother on her phone. It was pretty rare for her mother to keep discussing her engagement. 
“Susan, what about this? Mrs. Jadeson told US not to worry about anything, for she had prepared everything. But you’re going to marry into their family, so I think we should show our sincerity,” Sigrith said. 
“What will it be?” 
“They prepared a bride price, so I need to prepare a dowry for you. What do you need? Just let me know, and I’ll prepare it for you,” Sigrith explained cheerfully on the other end of the line.
She was grateful that the matter was resolved peacefully. Thus, she was willing to spend her own money to prepare a dowry for her daughter and respond positively to the engagement. 
She had been muddled for too long. 
Alas, Susan found her action pointless. 
“They will prepare everything for US. Keep your money for yourself. You don’t have to prepare anything for me,” Susan responded. 
Sigrith protested, “What are you talking about? Susan, I know I was wrong. However, I have more experience than you. I’ll have you know that women are supposed to have a proper wedding. You can’t marry your husband without taking anything with you just because his family is rich. 
Even if the Jadesons say nothing, others will look down on you. They will assume you’re greedy for not preparing any dowry. Instead, you’re getting their money for your own family. It concerns your reputation, my reputation, and the Limmer family’s reputation!”
###Chapter 1939
Chapter 1939
She was right. Sasha and Sebastian didn’t mind, but if this were to happen in an ordinary family, the bride would be looked down upon by her in-laws. 
Susan’s cheeks turned pink when she finally understood what her mother meant. She had never considered that before. 
“1-1 didn’t know about that. You can call the shots,” she faltered. 
After a brief hesitation, Sigrith made up her mind. “Mm. What do you need? I’ll have to prepare household electrical appliances, a carjewelry, and the sort according to traditional customs. I think your in-laws have prepared those. Why don’t I buy you a house?” 
A house? Susan was shocked by her suggestion. That’s expensive. One house costs at least millions. After we get married, we7l stay in Oceanic Estate. Who will live in this house, then? 
Susan couldn’t make up her mind. 
Right then, Ian came upstairs. The door to her room was shut, so he frowned and knocked on the door. “Susan, what are you doing inside?” he pressed. 
Shocked, Susan ended the call and hurried over to open the door. 
“Ian, you’re awake?” 
The tall young man stood at the door. Noticing her averted gaze, he brooded unhappily. Why did she ask that? 
“Who were you talking to on the phone? You chatted for so long.”
“1-1 was talking to my mom,” Susan replied as she hung her head low shyly. 
The call reminded her of their engagement. After resolving the misunderstanding, they confessed their feelings for each other and then planned their engagement. Everything had happened in the blink of an eye. 
She dared not meet his gaze. 
“Your mom?” 
Fortunately, Ian was reminded of the conversation he had with his mother a while ago. 
The tips of his ears turned red. 
“What did she say?” he asked. 
“S-She asked if she should prepare a dowry for our engagement. She even suggested buying a… house for us. By then, we can do anything we want without asking for the elders’ permission.” 
Susan’s head was so low that it was practically in front of her chest. 
After revealing the content of her conversation with Sigrith, she couldn’t help but blush. 
Mom was talking nonsense. 
To her surprise, Ian nodded in agreement. “That’s a great idea.” 
“Huh?” Susan lifted her head at once. “Do you think it’s a good idea?” 
“Yes. We can decorate it however we like and live there. We’ll only visit Oceanic Estate during the holidays. What’s the problem?”
Huh? How could he say that so matter-of-factly? 
Susan could barely hide her bewilderment. 
I’d love that, too. I want nothing more than to build our own house together. Imagine how blissful we can be in our own home. Nevertheless, won’t his parents get upset? 
That was what got Susan all worried. 
However, Ian wasn’t worried at all. He knew Sasha was pretty busy with the clingy Sebastian and the three children. 
Besides, Sasha was also an open-minded parent. 
Thus, Ian agreed to the matter. In the evening, he received an unexpected text message. 
Matteo: Ian, I heard you’re going to marry Susan. Congratulations! 
It was Matteo, who hadn’t been in touch with him in a while. 
Ian’s lips curved into a grin. 
He replied: Yeah. Remember to come home early. 
He was referring to the day of their engagement. That day was also their birthday, so Matteo should be home early for the occasion. 
To his surprise, Matteo rejected him outright. 
Matteo: Ian, I don’t think ill be home in time. I’ve been selected to participate in special training that will span a few months. I heard that those who complete the training would get to join the SWAT
team. I must grab the chance! 
After sending the text, Matteo didn’t forget to send a pitiful emoji to beg for forgiveness in order to emphasize how rare the opportunity was. 
A flash of disappointment appeared in Ian’s gaze when he learned that Matteo wouldn’t be home in time for his engagement party. 
It was an important day, so he felt sad that Matteo couldn’t be there for him. 
However, he readily agreed to Matteo’s request as it was a rare opportunity. 
Ian: Okay. It would be best if you worked hard, then. You’ve always wanted to join the SWAT team. After you succeed, you can attend our wedding. 
Matteo: Of course! 
Matteo didn’t forget to send a smiley emoji. Ian was reminded of Matteo’s cheerful smile, and his mood immediately lifted. 
He placed his phone aside after their chat ended. 
A week later, Susan was in class when she received a parcel. She unwrapped it to see a custom- made necklace nestled in a blue jewelry box. 
The pendant hanging on the necklace was a pineapple tart with a bite mark made of rhinestones. 
It looked pretty ridiculous, but she loved it nonetheless.
###Chapter 1940
Chapter 1940
Susan quickly wore it on her neck, packed her backpack, and got ready to meet the young man, only to notice two students coming her way. 
“Someone’s looking for you at the entrance, Susan.” 
“Huh?” 
Susan was taken aback. 
Who’s looking for me? I don’t know anyone here aside from just a few people. 
Upon walking to the school entrance with her backpack, she spotted a silver Land Rover parked outside as a young man in military uniform stood outside the vehicle waiting for her. 
“It’s you, Vincent.” 
“Yup.” 
Vivian was as dashing as always, but his gaze darkened slightly as he noticed the exquisite necklace the Astorian woman was now wearing. 
“I came over today because I need your help with something, Ms. Limmer.” 
“Go ahead,” Susan responded at once, sighing with relief internally at the realization that he just wanted her help. 
Yet, the man’s expression turned grim as soon as he spoke. There was also a hint of rage in his eyes.
“We’ve been dealing with a few cases of people having gone missing these days. According to police reports, this may have something to do with an ongoing international organ-trafficking case. That’s why I thought of asking the young Mr. Hayes for access to his information company.” 
“What?” 
There was so much to take in that Susan fell into a daze upon hearing Vincent’s words. 
He wants to use… Ian’s information company? 
The woman was extremely taken aback. 
Still, her astonishment was immediately replaced by a feeling of pride once she returned to her senses. 
My boy’s doing so well now, huh? 
Later at noon, Ian brought Vincent to a new electronic information company that was newly established under Hayes Corporation and had the software engineers there help retrieve data on the trafficking group. 
This company wouldn’t have been founded if it weren’t for Ian, and the fact that a local official had dropped by to seek the firm’s help within less than a year of its establishment showed how rapidly it was progressing. 
“According to the leads you’ve provided, Lieutenant, we’ve only managed to come up with three individuals who meet the requirements. The first one’s a local fishery 
tycoon, the second’s an oil magnate from Ackleton, and lastly, Hugo Tilan from Southeast Astoria. 
“Hugo Tilan?”
The mere mention of this person’s name caused Vincent’s expression to cloud over. 
Ian and Susan waited carefreely inside the office, not interfering much with what Vincent and the software engineers were doing. 
On the other hand, the subsidiary manager gasped as he heard that name. 
“Are they talking about the Tilan family, Mr. Hayes?” 
“Hmm?” 
Ian glanced at him, confused by his reaction. 
“Hugo Tilan’s the head of Astoria’s underground world,” the manager explained hastily. “He seems like a businessman on the outside, but the truth is every underground industry chain in Astoria has to go through him. In fact, sometimes when the legitimate cargo ships are too afraid to carry our smuggled goods, we have to get his help.” 
He let out a sigh. 
Remaining silent, Ian finally exited his game, opened up a browser tab, and ran a search on “Hugo Tilan.” 
“Good Lord! He’s that terrifying? I can’t believe he’s actually in control of the entire region of Southeast Astoria! He’s even involved in some of the things we do. His resources are pretty much on par with the Hayes family’s!” the manager exclaimed. 
“Actually, I’ve heard of this saying…” he continued warily. “In Astoria, the Tilans are basically Hayes Corporation’s evil counterpart. That’s what people in the underworld say.” 
Ian finally glowered as he heard those remarks.
How dare a criminal gang compare itself to Hayes Corporation? These guys obviously don’t know their place. 
Now, he was ticked off. 
About ten minutes later, Vincent walked over with his men and glanced at the people inside the room. “Thank you for your help today, Mr. Hayes. We’ve found our guy.” 
“Where is he?” 
No one had expected the young president of the company to actually speak. 
He still sounded as frigid as ever, though. 
It took Vincent a moment to accustom himself to that. “It’s most likely the guy in Southeast Astoria. All of Astoria’s underworld answers to him, and we’ve found out that many wealthy figures have gone there lately.” 
“To traffic organs?” 
“That should be the case, so we’re going to make our preparations right away. Thank you once again, Mr. Hayes.” 
With that, Vincent headed out. 
Ian had no intention of keeping him, but after seeing the latter leave, he decided to ask for Hugo Tilan’s details from one of the software engineers. 
Hugo really was a force to reckon with.
Judging from its aerial shots, his residence appeared to be two-thirds wider than the Oceanic Estate. Moreover, the entire sea area in front of it belonged to him too. 
“I wonder what Vincent plans to do. He’s up against such a powerful force. Is he going to be in danger?” 
Susan couldn’t help but worry after finding out about Hugo too. 
As soon as her words fell, the young man sitting in front of her turned around slowly, his emotionless gaze sending chills down her spine. 
“D-Don’t get me wrong. I just… I figured that these bad guys could kill anyone without batting an eye, and Vincent’s probably going to send the police. I-I’m just worried about them,” she explained hurriedly.
###Chapter 1941
Chapter 1941
Ian ultimately said nothing more and returned to school with Susan after getting his subordinates to cooperate with Vincent the best they can. 
In the evening, Sasha called to inform him that Matteo was now undergoing training and would not be able to attend the engagement ceremony. In fact, it was Devin who had told her about this. 
Ian simply responded that it was fine and that Matteo had already let him know personally. 
Sasha felt relieved to hear that. 
Unbeknown to the mother and son, however, was that as they spoke, a black MPV had pulled up at the entrance of the large building in Southeast Astoria that Ian had just glanced at through satellite imagery. 
The building was none other than the formidable Tilan family’s base, Tilan Palace. 
Located on an island in Southeast Astoria, it was so massive that it not only had a large garden, but also an airport, seaport, and casino. 
In terms of world standards, not even the Hayeses owned such a high-profile place. 
An event seemed to be going on as the black MPV arrived by ship. There were bodyguards standing in every corner of the brightly-lit palace. 
“What are you guys doing here?” 
“Good day, sir. I’ve been summoned by Mr. Scalabrine. He told me to bring him some well-trained bodyguards, so here lam.”
Upon being questioned, the person-in-charge hopped out of the vehicle and took out a name card immediately, expressing that he had reached out before arriving. 
Mr. Scalabrine? The boss? 
The bodyguard concealed his icy glare in an instant and pulled out a walkie-talkie. “Give me a minute.” 
He then walked to one side and spoke into the device. 
A while later, a man emerged from inside the dazzling palace and walked straight toward the MPV. 
“Mr. Scalabrine! It’s me, Fat Snake.” 
The person in charge quickly waved at him with an ingratiating smile, looking like a dog trying to please its owner. 
Zylan Scalabrine walked up to him. 
Despite dressing casually, the middle-aged man looked especially insidious as he glanced in the direction of the MPV, causing everyone to tense up. 
Fat Snake was no exception. 
“These are the guys?” 
“Yes, sir. As requested, I’ve brought you a few young and capable men. They’re also pretty clean. I’ve already looked into their details when I bought them off the black market” 
Fat Snake handed over a stack of documents.
Zylan flipped through the papers. Seeing that everything was fine, he waved at the bodyguards, who then opened up the door to the MPV and pushed eight people out of the vehicle. These men had black cloth sacks over their heads. 
Human rights certainly didn’t apply in a place like this. Just from the word “bought,” it was clear that the men were regarded as nothing more than traded goods. 
“Show me their faces.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Fat Snake personally removed all the cloth sacks covering the men’s heads. 
“Ugh!” 
The men squinted in discomfort from the sudden brightness entering their lines of sight. 
Zylan began to scrutinize them. 
They all look young and handsome. Ms. Tilan will certainly be pleased. But… 
Thud! 
He suddenly threw a punch at one of the young men standing in front. Caught off guard, the latter clutched his stomach and bent over in pain. 
“Uh…” 
“Good-for-nothing trash. Take him downstairs!”
With that, the fate of this young killer who appeared to be below the age of twenty-five was sealed, and no one knew what was about to happen to him. 
Fear surged within the remaining young men as they saw that. 
“What’s going on, Fat Snake? We didn’t ask to be treated like sh*t when you decided to pick US up from the black market.” 
One of them finally mustered up the courage to speak. 
Fat Snake fell dead silent for a brief moment. 
Before he could respond, Zylan’s gaze fell on the young man like a venomous snake eyeing its prey, and the latter instinctively took a step back in response. 
Yet, after seeing his comrades shivering in fear, he stopped in his tracks and continued to glare at Zylan, his eyes gleaming. 
“What is your name?” 
“Theo.” 
That was all the young killer could utter as he stared at the older man. 
Theo? 
Seeing the way Theo insisted on meeting his gaze despite having turned white as a sheet, Zylan finally smirked. 
“Very well. You can stay!” he remarked while pointing a finger at the young killer. 
The young man froze briefly.
So… / can stay? But what about the others? 
“Don’t be hasty, now. This is just the beginning,” Zylan continued as though having read Theo’s thoughts. “Ms. Tilan needs two bodyguards, so if you can stay, you’ll receive ten million as compensation every month. But if you can’t stay, don’t even think about going back.”
###Chapter 1942
Chapter 1942
He spoke as if he was having the most usual conversation ever. 
Yet, the men’s faces fell as they heard those words, and their eyes turned bloodshot with fear. 
Who cares if we don’t get paid, but what the hell does he mean by not being able to go back? 
Everyone instantly felt a strong murderous aura coming from the man standing before them. 
Soon, Zylan walked away, and the young men were taken to a training ground by the bodyguards of Tilan Palace, where a cruel and devastating battle was about to ensue. 
Rosalie Tilan stepped out of the palace in the middle of her birthday party clad in a fancy gown. She couldn’t stand the phony words of flattery and had to take a breather outside. 
However, as the woman arrived at one end of the palace, she caught sight of a gruesome massacre taking place in the dark. 
With only a wall separating them, she saw seven to eight young men in white shirts attacking each other like wild beasts that had been thrown into the same enclosure. 
It was as though they could only walk out of that place alive by killing one another. 
In truth, that was exactly the case. 
A pale-faced Rosalie had only stood there for about three minutes, and she had already witnessed two men die. 
The young woman’s chest heaved as she watched the blood seep out of the men’s bodies the moment they were stabbed. It was such a gruesome sight that she wanted to throw up.
Eventually, Rosalie fled. 
Upon returning to the party, she then realized that she still preferred the luxurious life she had the privilege of enjoying as compared to the bloodbath happening outside. 
Rosalie had drunk too much that night. It was noon by the time she woke up the next day, and her old housemaid kept trying to wake her up. 
“Mrs. Tilan has arrived, Ms. Rosalie. Please get up” 
Rosalie finally opened her eyes and got out of bed slowly. 
Mrs. Tilan referred to the lady of Tilan Palace, whereas Rosalie herself had just celebrated her eighteenth birthday last night. 
In order to continue living here comfortably, she couldn’t afford to burn bridges yet. 
Thus, the young woman washed up quickly and headed downstairs while still in her pajamas. 
“Rosie, how could you come down dressed like that? 
You’re the young heiress of the Tilan family! You can’t act like this in front of Mom. You’re being so discourteous.” 
Tanya Tilan spoke up in concern as she saw her younger sister finally emerge while she was in the middle of enjoying some pastries with their stepmother, Lacey Minbert. 
Me? Discourteous? I’ve always behaved like this! 
Ignoring her older sister, Rosalie maintained her nonchalant demeanor and walked up to her stepmother lazily.
“What is it?” 
Tanya was at a loss for words. 
How she wished she could slap this insolent little sister of hers. 
The nerve! Does she not know who she’s talking to right now? 
Lacey was visibly displeased too, but she suppressed her anger after taking into consideration the fact that the young woman just had her coming-of-age ceremony the night before. 
“You’re an adult now, Rosie. You can’t act the way you used to anymore. Anyway, Mrs. Tharman’s invited US over for a meal to celebrate your adulthood. Go get ready. I’ll come back and get you later,” the lady of the household explained, trying to be as patient as she could. 
Unexpectedly, as soon as her words fell, the seemingly harmless young lady standing before her suddenly let out a sharp, taunting laugh. 
“Mrs. Tharman? Were you planning to sell me off the moment I became an adult, Mrs. Tilan? How much did they offer in exchange? Have you discussed this with my father?” 
“You!” 
Lacey turned red in fury as soon as she heard that. 
Meanwhile, Tanya turned pale in fright. 
“What are you saying, Rosie? Mrs. Tharman’s the one who invited you over. I’ve heard it with my own ears too! How could you accuse Mom of doing such a thing?” 
Rosalie was momentarily bereft of words.
What a stupid girl. 
Not wanting to speak to her sister anymore, the young woman turned to leave. “You can go if you want to. I’m not going. I still have classes to attend today, you know? I had to ask for a day off just so I could come back yesterday.” 
With that, she began walking toward the stairs. 
Lacey could no longer contain her wrath. 
“Rosalie Tilan, you’d best behave yourself! This is what your father wants too. Also, he’s gotten you two bodyguards. From now on, they’ll have to report to your father about wherever you intend to go beforehand,” the irate woman spat out. 
Rosalie, who had already arrived at the bottom of the stairs, turned her head swiftly upon hearing that. 
Then, a vicious scowl appeared on her exquisite little face as her eyes glowered. “How dare you order me around? You…” 
The young woman then stopped abruptly, for at that very moment, she saw two young men in black suits walk in with communication devices in their ears. 
They looked especially foreign, but from just one glance, Rosalie instantly recognized one of them as the guy with the most blood on his hands last night. 
He was like a lone wolf being pushed to the edge. At that time, the only weapon he had on him was the same pair of shackles used to restrain him, which he had then used to murder his own comrades. 
Rosalie gulped as she remained unmoving.
###Chapter 1943
Chapter 1943
In the end, Rosalie had no choice but to go to the Tharman residence with Lacey in the company of two new bodyguards. 
During the journey to the Tharman residence, Rosalie’s housekeeper Eva briefly explained the information she obtained, “Ms. Rosalie, I heard Mr. Tilan was the one who instructed Mr. Scalabrine to recruit these two bodyguards from the black market.’’ 
“They’re not only capable fighters but also have a lot of experience. If I’m not mistaken, they were once renowned assassins in the black market before they came to Tilan Palace,” Eva added. 
Upon hearing that, Rosalie glanced out of the window subconsciously. So those men are assassins. 
Suddenly, the two men in black who were following the car on bikes seemed to have sensed her gaze and turned to look at her. 
A shiver instantly ran up Rosalie’s spine. She had to take a deep breath to calm herself down. That killer glare was scary. 
Even though the man’s almond-shaped eyes were charming, Rosalie still saw a threatening cold glint in his eyes. 
She dared not look at him anymore. 
Some forty minutes later, Lacey and Rosalie arrived at the Tharman residence, the house of the city’s most prominent noble family. 
Ever since Tilan Palace was built, the Tilan family couldn’t care less about the so-called noble families in the city.
However, since the Tilan family was involved in the black market, Hugo knew they still had to maintain their reputation by building bridges with the noble families. 
The Tilans walked into the villa. It was apparent that the residence was incomparable to the grandeur of Tilan Palace. 
“Mrs. Tilan! You’re finally here. We’ve been waiting for your arrival,” Priscilla greeted Lacey with enthusiasm even though she was a respectable noblewoman herself. 
Priscilla even went up and held Lacey’s hands as if they were close friends. 
Rosalie stood beside them and watched indifferently. 
Lacey turned to her and said, “Rosie, go on and greet Mrs. Tharman.” 
Rosalie said, “Nice to meet you, Mrs. Tharman.” 
“Oh, my goodness, Rosie! Look at you! I remember seeing you a couple of days ago, but you look even more gorgeous today! No wonder people always say teenage girls would go through drastic changes when they hit eighteen years old.” 
Priscilla held Rosalie’s hands and praised her incessantly. Even Rosalie could not help but feel embarrassed by her exaggerated compliments. 
After a brief greeting, the adults were ushered to Priscilla’s villa to rest and chat, whereas Rosalie was brought to another place to mingle with her peers. 
Rosalie utterly detested social events like this. 
“Look! Isn’t that Ms. Rosalie Tilan from the Tilan family? Didn’t she celebrate her eighteenth birthday just yesterday? Did her family bring her here to find her a fiancé? How eager!”
“I think so since quite a number of young men from prominent families attended today’s gathering.” 
“Ew…” 
All the young ladies from the noble families who were gathered together started giving Rosalie the side-eye. 
They were jealous of Rosalie because of her family background, but at the same time, they were fearful of the influence and power of the Tilans. 
That was why all these young ladies from the noble families only dared to mock Rosalie during social gatherings. 
Upon hearing that, Rosalie’s expression darkened. She just wanted to distance herself from the group. 
“Come with you-both of you.” Rosalie then turned around and left with the two new bodyguards. 
Soon, the three of them arrived at the pool in the villa’s garden. Most of the guests had just arrived, so there were not many people around the area. 
Upon noticing how clear the pool water was, Rosalie turned to the bodyguard and said, “Hold this for me!” 
She took off her dress, exposing the brassiere she was wearing. 
The two bodyguards who stood behind Rosalie were stunned when they saw her figure. 
Never in a million years did they expect the eighteen- year-old heiress of the Tilan family would casually remove her dress and get into the pool without putting on swimwear.
The bodyguard on the left immediately blushed. He had no choice but to take the dress. 
The bodyguard on the right, too, froze for a bit and did not know how to react, but he soon narrowed his crescent moon-like eyes in disgust and looked away. 
Generally, men who were born with a pair of eyes that resembled a crescent moon were affable individuals because they tended to look smiley all the time. 
Not only would they look approachable, but they would also give out radiant smiles. 
Yet, beneath the bodyguard’s shades, there was nothing but disgust in his icy glare. 
Rosalie started swimming as freely and agile as a fish in the pool. 
All of a sudden, a few people noticed a figure in the pool and exclaimed, “Hey, look! Oh, my God. Isn’t that Rosalie Tilan? Is she swimming in the pool without swimwear?” 
“My goodness. Has she no shame?” 
A few ladies from the noble families then ran toward the pool when they heard the gasps and exclamations.
###Chapter 1944
Chapter 1944
The bodyguard with the swimsuit immediately ran toward Rosalie in the pool to remind her to climb up so no one would see her. 
Hearing his voice, Rosalie emerged from the water. 
“What’s the fuss? So what if I’m swimming naked? I…” 
Crack! 
A loud sound of cracking bones caused her to trail off in shock. 
Both of them turned in the direction of the sound and saw a noblewoman in front of the crowd getting kicked away. 
She didn’t even let out a yelp when she landed on the ground. 
Rosalie gaped in disbelief. 
“H-How could you kick her?” someone screamed. 
“Why can’t I kick her? The person in the pool is my employer. My job is to ensure she’s safe within a fifty meter radius.” 
After delivering the kick, the young bodyguard smoothened his wrinkled hems nonchalantly. He then folded his arms and stood before Rosalie in a protective manner. 
Everyone else was floored by his action.
Behind him, Rosalie floated above the water in the pool quietly. She was taken aback to hear his calm but arrogant words. 
The Tilan family was influential in Southeast Astoria, but they had never acted so domineeringly on such occasions where many powerful figures were also present. 
Rosalie stared at the muscular back belonging to the bodyguard as her heart skipped a beat. 
Soon, the elders came out after hearing the commotion. By then, Rosalie had already climbed out of the pool and put on her clothes. 
“Rosie, what’s going on? How could you let your bodyguard beat them up for no reason?” Upon arrival, her stepmother, Lacey, immediately questioned her angrily. 
Rosalie retorted, “What do you mean by ‘for no reason?’ I was teaching them a lesson.” 
“Teaching US a lesson?” the socialites shrieked in horror. 
“That’s utter nonsense! She jumped into the swimming pool naked! We wanted to remind her about her indecency, but her bodyguard kicked one of US without hesitation,” one socialite protested. 
Another socialite nodded vehemently. “Yeah! If we hadn’t stopped in time, we would be lying on the ground just like that lady and end up being cripples.” 
Cripples? 
Rosalie glanced at her bodyguard and fretted inwardly. 
Hearing that, Lacey fumed, “Rosie, are they telling the truth? Didn’t you wear a swimsuit in public?” 
“What’s so strange about that? I don’t wear anything either when I swim back at home,” came Rosalie’s innocent answer.
“But we’re not at home. This is someone else’s house! 
Where are your manners? How could you ask your bodyguard to beat them up? This is outrageous. 
Apologize to them now!” Lacey demanded. 
Her entire body was shaking in rage as she pointed at the victim’s parents and told Rosalie to apologize to them. 
One couldn’t really blame her for going breathless with anger. The Tilan family might be prominent in Southeast Astoria, but everyone knew they were involved in shady businesses. 
As such, whenever Lacey showed herself in public, she would put on a dignified front so the real noble families would acknowledge her and her family. 
Rosalie merely stared at her icily. 
“Apologize? Why should I apologize? You shouldn’t have brought me out if you’re worried about me acting vulgarly. That way, you won’t get embarrassed at all,” she mocked. 
“You!” Finally, Lacey blew her top and raised her hand to slap Rosalie. 
Surprisingly, Rosalie didn’t even flinch. It was as though she was used to getting slapped by her stepmother. 
Before the slap could land on her cheek, a large hand intervened and stopped Lacey’s advance. The owner of the hand then grabbed Lacey’s wrist and twisted it deftly. 
Crack! 
Her wrist broke instantly following the horrifying sound.
“Ow!” Lacey’s scream pierced the air, resonating around the garden in the villa. 
Rosalie’s jaw dropped when she saw her stepmother’s plight. She had never seen anything this shocking in her entire lifetime, and the color slowly drained from her face. 
D-Did I get myself a robot? I can’t believe how ruthless he is! 
In the end, Rosalie brought the two bodyguards and Lacey, who was still screaming in anguish, back to Tilan Palace. 
As they left urgently, the helicopter couldn’t arrive in time to give them a ride, so they had to take the speedboat back. That was when Rosalie overheard the exchange between her bodyguards. 
“Theo, how could you be this reckless? Never mind if you kicked that socialite. How could you break Mrs. Tilan’s wrist without warning? You’re in deep trouble.” 
They were chatting behind Rosalie. 
However, it was mostly Samson who spoke. On the other hand, the person he was advising, Theo, remained silent most of the time. 
Rosalie said nothing until Samson said that Theo was in deep trouble for the umpteenth time. Finally, she lost her patience and turned at her shoulder to glower at them. 
“Stop talking nonsense. I’m still here,” she chided. 
At once, Samson zipped his lips shut.
###Chapter 1945
Chapter 1945
Theo, who was sitting beside Samson, shifted his body a little as his gaze swept over Rosalie briefly. The wind blew so hard that he could practically taste the salty seawater on his lips. 
Seeing that, Rosalie fell silent. 
Strangely, she grew increasingly determined to protect him. 
Soon, they arrived at Tilan Palace. As expected, Zylan was waiting at the entrance. 
When he spotted them, he immediately waved for the staff to take action. Someone stepped forward and pinned Theo down once he got out of the car. 
Thud! 
A punch was delivered to his belly. Before Rosalie realized what was going on, Theo grunted in pain and bent his body. 
The sight snapped Rosalie out of her reverie. “What are you doing? Who said you could hit him?” she screamed as raw anger shot through her. 
Hearing her questions, Zylan came to her and explained, “Ms. Rosalie, it was all my fault for choosing the wrong person. I’ll take him away and deal with him. Don’t worry. I’ll select a better bodyguard for you later.” 
He was about to order his subordinates to bring Theo away when Rosalie scurried forward to grab the latter’s arm, effectively preventing them from leaving. 
She had never shown any resistance against such matters, and this was the first time she fought back.
“Don’t you dare bring him away!” she snarled menacingly. 
“Ms. Rosalie-” 
Rosalie glared at the loyal house steward and interjected, “Did he do anything wrong? You hired him so that he could protect me, right? I ran into danger at the Tharman residence, and he resolved my problem. Isn’t that what you told him to do? He didn’t do anything wrong, did he?” 
Zylan was stunned as he had no idea that the usually docile young lady would stop him from taking action against Theo. 
His eyes widened as he asked, “Ms. Rosalie, don’t you know that he broke Mrs. Tilan’s wrist?” 
“So what? She wanted to slap me at the Tharman residence in front of an audience. Isn’t it normal for him to break her wrist? My father will be humiliated if I get slapped in public, right? He stopped that from happening. How is that wrong?” Rosalie retorted defiantly in a shrill and loud voice. 
She didn’t even know why she got this emotional. Previously, she couldn’t care less about the housemaids and bodyguards tasked to serve her. 
However, she stopped Zylan from taking Theo away today and got all worked out to defend him. 
Zylan observed her for a while before deciding to spare Theo for the time being. He then led Theo, Rosalie, and Lacey to meet the owner of the house, also Rosalie’s father. 
“Ms. Rosalie, you surprised me today. I don’t know what the bodyguard did to you, but I have to take action if your father refuses to let him stay. If that’s the case, I apologize in advance,” Zylan told Rosalie. 
“I’ll make sure he stays,” Rosalie vowed.
They went to the top floor of the building. 
Under normal circumstances, an ordinary bodyguard wouldn’t get to go all the way to the penthouse, for this was where the owner of the building lived. It was also the base of the entire Tilan dynasty. 
“Mr. Tilan, I’ve brought them here,” Zylan reported politely. 
“Come on in.” A middle-aged man’s voice boomed out from the penthouse. 
At once, everyone felt a dangerous and imposing aura descending upon them. 
Rosalie felt the same way, too. 
She feared her father immensely even though they rarely met. It would only take one look from him to reduce her to a trembling mess every time they met. 
Rosalie acted that way because she once saw how he slayed someone with his own hands. 
Walking inside, she observed the unfamiliar penthouse carefully. Her jaw dropped when she saw a man wearing glasses with his hair slicked back standing In front of the window, leaning on his cane. 
“F-Father…” she stammered as dread clawed up her throat. 
When their gazes met, she shivered profusely and wanted nothing more than to leave this penthouse. 
Similarly, Zylan dared not lift his head. He kept his head bowed as he told his men to drag the bodyguard in to face his cold and ruthless employer. 
“It’s him?”
“Yes.” Zylan nodded. 
Rosalie dared not make a sound. She watched as her father glanced at the bodyguard before coming to the latter with his cane. 
“Father!” Rosalie finally summoned her courage to speak out loud. “He didn’t hurt me. I saw how he resorted to harsh tactics to protect me earlier. Father, ever since my elder brother died, no one had ever treated me this way.” 
She gripped the hem of her dress and managed those words between gritted teeth before her father reached the bodyguard. 
She finally realized the reason why she didn’t want him to die. 
Meanwhile, Hugo said naught a word. 
However, he stretched his cane out to lift the bodyguard’s jaw and force the latter to meet his gaze as he scrutinized the young man’s unfamiliar face sharply.
###Chapter 1946
Chapter 1946
“Aren’t you afraid of death?” Hugo asked the handsome young man. 
Theo returned his stare without a word. 
His face was wounded. Besides getting punched in his abdomen downstairs, he got hit in the face. Thus, a trail of blood trickled down the corner of his lips. 
Nevertheless, Theo’s lips twitched when he heard the question from Hugo’s lips. 
“What use is that?” he responded calmly. 
Hmm, interesting answer. 
A smile nudged Hugo’s lips when he realized there was no fear in the young man’s eyes. 
“Indeed, if I want to kill you, I won’t change my mind even if you go on your knees to beg for my forgiveness. 
However, you’ll need to provide me a reason to spare your life,” Hugo told him. 
With that said, he retracted his cane and strode over to the couch. 
Rosalie parted her lips in an attempt to defend the bodyguard again, but Zylan grabbed her hand and gestured for her to stay put. 
“I had two choices back there, so I picked the one that would give me a higher chance of surviving,” Theo answered.
“Oh?” 
Theo explained, “Yes. If Mrs. Tilan were to slap Ms. Tilan and humiliate you, I’d die once I get back here. But if I chose to defend Ms. Tilan, you might spare my life since I was smart and loyal to her.” 
The bodyguard with a bloodied cut on his lip was pinned to the ground. No one had expected that his reason was so simple and straightforward. 
Instantly, Rosalie blanched in horror. 
Is he nuts? How could he say that? He’ll definitely die after saying that! 
Her heart sank to the bottom of her stomach in despair. 
To her surprise, Hugo, notorious for committing innumerable murders, decided to spare the bodyguard’s life. 
“All right. You win. I’ll spare your life this once.” 
Dumbfounded by his actions, everyone in the penthouse gasped at his generous gesture. 
Theo was the only exception. 
He lifted his pale face to stare at the owner of the Tilan empire quietly. 
“I admire those who aren’t afraid of death. I hope you’ll continue acting this way to protect yourself, otherwise, you’ll die a more horrible death than the people you killed last night,” Hugo declared. 
His gaze was fixed on the bodyguard as he flashed a smile. 
Seeing that, everyone else lowered their heads hastily.
Even Zylan, who had worked under Hugo for years, felt a chill go down his spine. He couldn’t bring himself to meet Hugo’s gaze. 
Hugo had the most terrifying expression on his face, looking like a vicious snake waiting for its prey. Once its prey moved, it would sink its teeth into its prey and kill the prey instantly. 
Finally, Rosalie could leave the penthouse with Theo. 
Once she came out, her legs gave way, and she nearly fell flat on the floor. 
“Ms. Rosalie!” 
By then, Theo had been released. He ignored the pain in his belly and came over to help her up. 
Rosalie turned around slowly and gazed at him. The terror in her eyes was still evident. 
“Release me!” she snapped. 
“Yes.” 
Theo hung his head low and released his grip on her obediently. 
A while later, she finally summoned the strength to get to her feet and marched away furiously. 
/ won’t do anything this foolish ever again. He’s just a bodyguard. Why should I even bother? He has nothing to do with me. 
At that thought, she stormed back to Rose Garden furiously. 
Meanwhile, Zylan was still in the penthouse, waiting for his employer to relay his order. 
Hugo asked, “Did you investigate that man thoroughly? Is he clean?”
“Yes. He came from Jetroina. He’s the son of an aide of the Terrandya Nogitas. After the Nogita family’s decline, they had to find a living for themselves. His father was addicted to gambling and ended up selling him and his mother. After his mother passed away, he worked for the casino’s owner. As he was merciless, the largest gang in Jetroina ended up recruiting him to be an assassin,” Zylan reported. 
He specifically enunciated the last part. 
If the mafia had recruited Theo, it meant that he was capable and had a clean background. Many gangs loved doing the same thing to get themselves reliable assassins. 
A satisfied smile flitted across Hugo’s lips. 
“If that’s the case, we can train him. He’s doing quite well. Keep him as a spare in case we need him,” he commanded. 
“Yes.” Zylan was inwardly delighted. 
He was about to leave when Hugo frowned and asked, “I heard Old Scum ran into trouble?” 
“Y-Yes…” Zylan stammered as cold sweat formed on his brows. 
His face was pale as he explained, “A year ago, he ran into a client that took a liking to an actor. The client asked him to make the introductions. It took Old Scum some time to get the actor, but the actor’s attitude changed drastically when he learned he had to please the client. He even got into a fight with the client.”
###Chapter 1947
Chapter 1947
“Then did Old Scum do anything to him?” Hugo’s expression was as dark as thunder. 
Zylan nodded. “Yes. He refused to do as told, so the client held a grudge and beat him until he lost consciousness before removing his kidneys. It so happened that another client of Old Scum needed the kidneys, so he gave them to his other client.” 
He was simmering with anger by the time he finished his words. 
Never mind if Old Scum had done that to an ordinary person. Alas, he ended up inviting trouble to their door. 
Banging his cane, Hugo felt the anger building and demanded, “Who? Come again?” 
Zylan was shaking so profusely that he nearly lost his balance. He wiped away the cold sweat on his brows and said in a trembling voice, “Mr. Tilan, I admit that they acted recklessly. I I’ve sent my men to take care of the matter.” 
“Take care of the matter? How are you going to do that?” Hugo fumed. “Do you know why I never dreamed of expanding my power to Astoria? That’s because Sebastian Hayes is there! How dare you offend him? I might as well shoot you in the head right now!” 
The biggest mafia boss in Southeast Astoria shook in fury as he pulled his gun out to kill Zylan. 
Hugo had never been afraid of anyone in his entire life. 
However, he never dared to get on the bad side of the president of Hayes Corporation, who was also the richest and most influential man in Astoria.
Sebastian is too powerful. Hayes Corporation did exceptionally well under his helm and became one of the wealthiest companies in the world. After he left his position and became a politician, he managed to turn the tide single-handedly. Even though he doesn’t have an official identity, everyone knows that he is the actual ruler of the country. 
His power and influence were simply too horrifying. 
How dare these idiots offend Sebastian? 
Bang! 
“Ah!” An ear-splitting scream resonated around the penthouse. 
If someone hadn’t shown up at the door in time to drag Zylan away, he would’ve died right there and then. 
“Hugo, what are you doing? Zylan has worked for you for years. Why do you want him dead?” 
After saving Zylan, the person released him and came over to Hugo. 
Despite his fury, Hugo put his gun away at the sight of the man. 
“Why don’t you ask what he did? Sebastian Hayes’ cousin died because of his human trafficking business! 
Sebastian will seek revenge now that his cousin is dead,” Hugo snapped furiously. 
The newcomer’s expression changed drastically, for he hadn’t expected the matter to be this serious. 
Sebastian Hayes, huh? That man spells trouble.
After the initial shock, the person calmed down and came to Hugo. He advised, “What’s done is done, so we should focus on solving the problem instead of starting an internal conflict. I believe Zylan knew nothing about the human trafficking business. Besides, Tilan Corporation has never been directly involved with it.” 
Indeed, the Tilan family rarely got involved in their illegal businesses to prevent the police from getting dirt on them. 
There was also another reason for their lack of direct involvement. After all, these businesses were minor enough to be taken care of by their lackeys. 
Hearing that, Hugo finally calmed down. 
“What should we do now? I don’t know if Sebastian has received news about it. Imagine the consequences if he discovers the truth.” 
“Yes, that’s the most important part of the matter. For now, I suggest we deal with the police by handing the client to them. When the time comes, and they decide to crack down on our business, we can sacrifice Old Scum,” the person suggested. 
He was ruthless enough to cut off all the people involved in the organ-trafficking business in order to protect Tilan Palace. 
Hugo nodded in agreement. 
“What about Sebastian?” he asked. 
The man pondered briefly before coming up with a flawless solution. “I heard his eldest son will get engaged half a month later. We can send someone to attend the engagement party and find out if
Sebastian knows about this. If he does, we’ll prepare ourselves. If he doesn’t know a thing, we’ll deal with the matter and settle things with the police.” 
Zylan, who was still on his knees on the floor, immediately shot the man an ecstatic look as though the man was his savior. 
This man was none other than Wesley Yarbrough, Tilan Palace’s advisor and also Hugo’s best friend. 
The next morning, Rosalie woke up early to head to school. 
“Rosie, remember to be a good girl at school, stop making your father upset. I heard that you kicked up a fuss at the penthouse yesterday.”
###Chapter 1948
Chapter 1948
When Rosalie was about to depart, her elder sister Tanya Tilan came out to send her. Tanya could not help but give her advice repeatedly. 
Feeling annoyed, Rosalie got into the car and exclaimed, “Start driving!” 
Upon hearing that, Rosalie’s bodyguard Samson, the driver on duty today, stuttered, “I’m sorry, Ms. Rosalie. W- We still have to wait for Ms. Melinda and Ms. Shannon. 
They’ll be going to school today too.” 
Rosalie’s expression turned grim when she heard what he said. 
She turned her attention outside to where another bodyguard was on his motorbike. 
A few minutes later, the willful third daughter of the Tilan family lifted her skirt, got up on the bike, and steadied herself. “Let’s go, Theo!” 
“Yes, Miss.” 
No one dared to stop her. After the man acknowledged her order, he revved the engine and sped off. 
Samson, who was still sitting in the car, gaped in disbelief. “He just cheated death yesterday, and now he’s doing this? Has that guy gone mad?” 
Half an hour later, Theo and Rosalie arrived at the school for the noble families. 
“Oh, my God. Look! Rosalie came to school on a bike! How could she travel on a bike while wearing a skirt? How atrocious and unladylike!”
“Exactly! She’s getting out of control!” 
The girls started talking behind Rosalie’s back when they saw her entering the school. 
Rosalie gave them the cold shoulder. 
Soon, Melinda and Shannon arrived. The other girls looked at the Tilan sisters in awe as they were envious of them. 
Rosalie’s expression remained grim. 
Everyone knew that there were several women in Hugo’s life. That was why he had more than ten children. Yet, no one knew Rosalie was his only child with his legitimate wife. 
Rosalie tossed the key to the bodyguard beside her. “Take the car and go anywhere you wish to go. It’ll be even better if you wreck the car.” 
She pointed at the car worth several million. 
Growing up in a complicated family environment, Rosalie did not have a care in the world. That was how she ended up becoming an arrogant and emotional person. Her moods changed at the drop of a hat. 
No one deserved to be happy if she was in a bad mood. 
Theo retrieved the key from her but did not do what she said. 
After watching the unreasonable young woman enter the school, Theo put the key into his pocket and lit a cigarette. He did not bother heeding her order this time. 
Samson did not know what else to say. So he’s finally not going to do what Ms. Rosalie asked of him, huh?
He walked over and drew a cigarette from Theo’s box. 
Lighting the cigarette, he advised, “It’s not easy to take care of Ms. Rosalie. You have to stop being so reckless, Theo. You may have escaped death this round, but luck will not always be on your side.” 
Upon hearing that, Theo glanced at Samson from the corner of his eyes. “I’ll not die.” 
Samson was rendered speechless by his remark. He’s so full of himself. 
Samson continued puffing on his cigarette while Theo remained silent. All of a sudden, Theo’s eyes flashed. He straightened and turned to Samson. “I’m going to the washroom.” 
His sudden reaction did not arouse Samson’s suspicion. 
Theo looked around and found a public restroom. He then entered one of the cubicles. 
“Matteo? Are you there?” The voice of a woman rang out from the communicator in his ears, sounding anxious. 
Theo turned on the tap to offset his voice. “Yes.” 
“What took you so long to reply to me? I thought-” The woman heaved a sigh of relief after hearing his voice. 
However, she was also slightly unhappy about his slow response. 
Theo did not explain further. After seeing the last man leave the restroom, he asked succinctly, “Anything?”
Lana said, “Last night, a lieutenant from Yartran named Vincent detained a human trafficker who sells organs illegally. After a round of interrogation, the man confessed he was involved in your uncle’s case.” 
“Wait, what?” He raised his voice involuntarily as he did not expect to hear this. 
Lana tapped on her phone and sent a photo to his email through an anonymous account. 
“I heard the man is gay. At first, he… wanted to get his hands on your uncle. He paid someone to kidnap your uncle, but… when your uncle fought back, he… crippled him.” Lana halted several times as she spoke. 
She sounded slightly hesitant because she did not want Theo to go through emotional turmoil as this was his first mission, and she was afraid he might not take the news well. After all, this was also his first time hearing about such a gruesome incident. 
People in their line of work had to be psychologically prepared to cope with and manage stress. 
Lana could not help but recall how smiley and cheerful Matteo was when she first met him. He could warm people’s hearts with that affectionate smile on his face. 
Thump! 
Suddenly, Lana heard a thud from her earpiece. 
She panicked. “Matteo, what are you doing? Calm down, and don’t act impulsively!”
###Chapter 1949
Chapter 1949
Lana waited for a very long time before the boy spoke up again. “What happens now? Is this the end of this case?” 
“Of course not,” she immediately replied. 
How can we do that when there’s so much involved in the case? If we close it just because the other party has found a scapegoat we’d be letting them off easy! 
“As far as Interpol is concerned, your uncle’s case can be closed since they’ve arrested the criminal organization responsible,” Lana continued. “On our end, however, the police will continue investigating Hugo Tilan for his involvement in several illegal activities. Now, as for you…” 
Should I suggest transferring Matteo back? After all, his identity is far too special. 
Unfortunately, before Lana could say anything more, Matteo interrupted coldly, “If there’s nothing else, HI hang up now.” 
“Wait!” Lana shouted. 
My goodness. This boy scared me half to death! 
Left with no other choice, she reluctantly added, “Don’t hang up yet, Matteo. I have a mission for you.” 
When Samson made his way to the restroom a few minutes later, he noticed Theo had already come out.
“Hey, what took you so long? I saw those bodyguards entering the school. Don’t we need to go over?” 
Confused by Samson’s question, Theo merely gave him a quizzical glance. 
“I’m talking about the other Tilan bodyguards. They’ve all gone into the building,” Samson explained as he stared at the latter. “Since we’re working for Ms. Rosalie, shouldn’t we join them?” 
Odd. I wonder what Theo’s thinking about right now. Is he even focused on this matter? 
As it turned out, Theo’s mind wasn’t on that at all. 
In the end, Theo decided against going inside and told Samson to go ahead. He then rode his motorcycle back to Tilan Palace. 
Unfortunately, he bumped into Zylan the moment he returned, and needless to say, the latter was surprised. “Huh? Why are you back?” 
Theo stood quietly in front of him before blurting out, “Ms. Tilan wanted me to get something for her.” 
Zylan couldn’t be bothered to probe any further and promptly left the palace with his men and Hugo. Unbeknownst to him, it was that fateful afternoon when someone infiltrated the penthouse during their absence. 
Thankfully, it didn’t take long before the breach was discovered. 
“What? Did you just say someone’s broken into the penthouse? Get our men to check it out this instance!” 
Hugo bellowed when he heard the news, his expression dark and menacing.
Zylan, on the other hand, had turned pale as a sheet and quickly left for Tilan Palace with a handful of subordinates. 
However, when they arrived, they were told that the bodyguards in Tilan Palace had already found the reason for the breach. 
“It wasn’t a person. It was a cat.” 
“A cat?” Zylan asked doubtfully, not entirely convinced that they had a feline invader. 
Given the laser defense system we have in place, not even a fly or a trace of gas would be able to penetrate it, let alone a cat. No, something smells fishy. I have to check this out myself. 
Without further ado, Zylan rushed upstairs to investigate the matter, only to find blood droplets on the floor. 
He followed the trail and soon discovered the remains of a dismembered cat at the penthouse entrance, much to his surprise. 
Well, I’ll be d*mned! It really was a cat! 
Meanwhile, Samson saw Theo again when he walked out of the school building with a disheveled and bruised Rosalie in tow. 
Having just gotten out of a fierce fight, the latter glared at Theo. Where have you been?” 
Theo’s face blanched almost instantly. “I—” 
Smack! 
Alas, Rosalie slapped him hard across the face before he could finish his words.
Naturally, Samson was stunned and horrified. 
He gaped at how forceful the slap was and was about to say something when he saw Rosalie wearing a terrifying scowl. 
Just like that, he lost all courage to speak up. 
“Listen carefully. If this ever happens again, your punishment won’t be just a slap,” Rosalie warned, her voice cold and stern. “I’ll end you with my bare hands!” 
With that, she strode off, leaving Theo rooted to the spot. 
Even though the latter didn’t react much, anyone watching closely would be able to see the darkness in his eyes, which was even more frightening than Rosalie’s slap. 
One thing was for sure-neither of them was going to forget the slap. 
Soon, the group returned to Tilan Palace. 
Due to the penthouse incident in the afternoon, Hugo’s schedule got delayed, and he ended up staying the night outside. Of course, Zylan accompanied him. 
Because of that, no one else brought up Theo’s surprise visit to Tilan Palace earlier in the day. 
When evening came, and Samson returned to their room, he realized there was a faint smell of blood from the trash can. However, no matter how much he searched, he couldn’t find anything suspicious. 
In the end, the whole matter was tucked away and forgotten.
###Chapter 1950
Chapter 1950
It was a fine day in Yartran, Atlantius. 
As the triplet’s birthday and the engagement of Ian and Susan were around the corner, Ian and the others decided to go back. 
“It’s such a shame that Matt can’t make it.” 
Vivian was a sensitive person. When she thought about how Matteo would not be able to attend their birthday party, she could not help but feel down about it. 
Kurt noticed her sudden sadness and comforted her, “He’s gone for training, and that’s a good thing. He’s been looking forward to such an amazing opportunity forever. Once he’s done with the training, he will definitely come back.” 
“He’s right, Vivi,” Susan said. 
To be honest, Susan herself was also getting more nervous as time passed. As she had never experienced such events before, it was natural that she would feel anxious about her engagement. 
“We can gather together again once Matteo comes home,” Susan suggested. 
Vivian soon cheered up after hearing that. 
On the same day in the afternoon, Ian booked flight tickets for all four of them. However, when evening time rolled around, he suddenly received a call. 
“Hello, Mr. Hayes. I’m Lieutenant Vincent. We’ve already managed to capture the criminal gang from before. It’s because of you that we could solve the case successfully. After the police department found
out that you have contributed greatly, they want to invite you over to thank you properly. Are you available?” 
“No.” The minute Ian realized what this call was about, he rejected Vincent’s offer without hesitation. 
After all, he was not someone who liked to mingle around. There was no reason for him to go. 
Ian decided to end the call. 
However, Vincent seemed to sense this, for he quickly added, “Mr. Hayes, it would be a wonderful opportunity for the development of your company if you came. Because you helped the police department, they definitely want to work with you. To be able to partner with officials is a huge deal. You will be able to earn a lot from this partnership.” 
He was smiling as he said so. 
Ian frowned for a moment. In the end, he agreed to the invitation. 
Soon enough, Ian and Susan headed toward the agreed venue. When Susan realized that they were going to discuss business matters with the officials, she quickly prepared her files, laptop, and everything else she could think of. 
It was what an assistant should do, after all. 
Both of them then left for the local police station. 
When they arrived, Vincent was already waiting for them at the entrance. He remained standing there as he looked at the two getting out of the fiery red luxury car. 
He would be lying if he said he was not jealous at all.
Such a beautiful and smart woman had chosen someone else in the end. Any man interested in her would feel regret. 
Vincent waited for them to enter the building. 
“Lieutenant-” 
“Hello, Ms. Limmer.” Vincent smiled as he reached a hand out toward Susan. 
However, just before they could make any bodily contact “Where are they?” 
The young man beside Susan had a grim expression on his face, and the hand that Vincent had reached out to shake was already in Ian’s grip. 
Susan was at a loss for words. 
What a jealous man. 
Vincent felt pretty exasperated at Ian’s reaction. All he could do now was to lead the two into the building. 
As the problem of illegally selling and purchasing organs had occurred several times in the city, the police department had flagged it as a serious case. Therefore, once the case had successfully been cracked, many superiors came to the local police station that day to celebrate. 
When Ian entered the building, many people could be seen celebrating happily. 
“The case is finally solved. We can have a good night’s rest now.” 
“Exactly. However, if it weren’t for that celebrity’s report, we probably wouldn’t have been able to catch the culprits at all.” 
“You’re right.”
They were all discussing amongst themselves. As they mentioned the celebrity that had helped them a great deal, their tones were filled with gratitude and wistfulness. 
Ian paid them no attention. 
He wasn’t particularly fond of events like this. If it weren’t for his company’s development, he wouldn’t even think of attending it at all. 
Ian walked over to the police chief. 
“Chief, this is Mr. Hayes. He’s the person in charge of the Hayes Corporation branch over here,” Vincent introduced Ian to the chief of the police department. 
“Oh!” 
The chief, who was holding a glass of champagne, instantly put the glass down when he heard Vincent. He looked at Ian with wide eyes. 
“I’ve heard of your father, Mr. Hayes. I never thought that you would be just as brilliant. Not only are you still a student here, but you have established such an impressive company. You’re an amazing young man,” he praised. 
“Thanks,” Ian merely replied lazily. 
Susan, on the other hand, walked forward from behind Ian after noticing how bad he was at socializing. 
“Mr. Hayes only did what he should have. The police have always been hard at work protecting US. As citizens, we should do our best to cooperate with the police and help in any way we can.” 
She definitely had a wonderful way with words.
The chief, who was still in a cheerful mood, instantly looked at Susan. 
“Thank you so much for your help. Because of you, we were able to successfully crack the case. Therefore, the police department has decided to work together with you and your company.” 
“All right,” Susan instantly replied happily. 
She then quickly brought out some documents, including a blank contract, and moved to pass it to the young man next to them, inviting him to have a seat and start discussing the particulars. 
However, just as she was about to do so, a police officer walked into the building.
###Chapter 1951
Chapter 1951
“Chief, are we going to close the case just like that? As for information on that celebrity, should we also put them together with the case files?” 
“Let’s destroy them. After all, the information belongs to Interpol, and we didn’t obtain them through official means. Pass me those documents. I’ll make a call to the higher-ups and get rid of the files myself.” 
The police chief knew that the information had to be handled appropriately. In order to prevent anything from going wrong, he decided to exercise caution and destroy the documents personally. 
As such, the police officer went to retrieve those files. 
Meanwhile, Ian and Susan did not want to interrupt the police’s work and decided to wait at one side. They would talk to the chief after he had finished settling his tasks. 
However, neither of them expected to see a familiar photo at the police station. 
The photo had a red background and showed a stage. Under the dazzling lights, the man in the photo was shining so brightly that he looked ethereal. 
Even though he was alluring and had a pretty face, he did not appear feminine at all. In fact, he was so handsome and looked so glamorous on stage that both men and women would be captivated by his charm! 
Ian’s mind went blank for a second, and in the next instant, he leaped up from his seat. 
“What’s this? Why would you have his photo?” 
“Huh?”
The police chief was taken aback by the man’s sudden reaction. After recovering from his slight shock, he proceeded to explain to Ian what had happened to the man in the photo. 
“Mr. Hayes, do you know him? This person… He’s actually the victim of this case. Both of his kidneys were removed by the perpetrators. He called the police before he died. 
It was also because of him that we managed to catch the culprits.* 
Right after he finished speaking, all color drained out of the face of the young man standing in front of him. Ian’s body started swaying, and he looked like he was about to collapse. 
“Ian!” 
When Susan saw that, she immediately grabbed and steadied him. She, too, was feeling a barrage of emotions and could barely believe what she had just heard. 
That’s so sudden! How could that have happened? 
A whirlwind of thoughts ran through Susan’s mind. She looked toward Ian, who was usually calm and composed, and realized that his body was trembling. 
“Are you sure it’s him? When did that happen? Why was I not informed of it?” 
Everyone in the police station was stunned when they heard Ian’s questions. 
They could easily give him the answers to his first two questions. However, they were confused about his last question as they did not understand why the young man would need to be informed of the criminal cases that the police were handling. 
Even though he was the president of Hayes Corporation, that did not seem to be any of his business.
“Mr. Hayes, this happened a while back. His kidneys were taken one year ago. He managed to survive another year after escaping, but he passed away recently due to organ failure.” 
“As for your last question, I’m sorry, Mr. Hayes. This case originally belonged to Interpol, and it was only handed to us because similar victims were found in our country. 
Due to confidentiality reasons, we are unable to let you know the rest of the details-” 
“The man is his uncle!” 
Susan interrupted the chief suddenly, her voice filled with anguish. 
At that instant, the atmosphere went still. 
Everyone in the police station could barely believe what they had just heard and looked toward the young couple in shock. 
Uncle? 
How could there be such a coincidence? 
“Ian, are you all right? Don’t panic first. Maybe… maybe they made a mistake? Why don’t you go out and rest for a while? I’ll find out more details from them.” 
Susan looked at the young man she was supporting and realized that he was in so much shock that he was unable to speak. His face was also as pale as a sheet. 
At that moment, the woman’s only thought was to get him out of that place. 
She had heard about the Emmanuel family. They were Ian’s extended relatives. Even though the Emmanuels did not treat Ian’s family very well, Brandon had always been especially kind to them, and he
had always favored Ian. 
Back then, Sasha had faked her death and left Ian with Sebastian. As Brandon had feelings for Sasha, naturally, he treated her son very well. 
That was also why Ian had such a hard time accepting what he had just heard. 
He could not remember how he left the police station. The next thing he knew, he was already in the car when he regained his senses. 
Meanwhile, Susan was in the driver’s seat. The scenery outside the car window was passing by quickly. 
“How are you feeling? Do you want some water?” 
Susan had been watching Ian through the rearview mirror. When she saw his gaze shifting, she spoke to him immediately. 
However, Ian did not reply as he simply did not have the energy to speak. 
He leaned against the car seat for a long time while looking out of the window with lifeless eyes. 
Suddenly, he lifted his finger and pointed outside. Immediately, Susan understood what the man meant and turned the car around before driving onto the bridge, which appeared to be colored red under the warm evening sun. 
Death itself was not scary. 
What was terrifying was those people who believed that they had the right to end the lives of others. 
When Susan opened the car door, for the first time ever, she felt a murderous aura surrounding Ian. He seemed so enraged that it was as if he was capable of destroying the heavens and earth.
###Chapter 1952
Chapter 1952
That night, Ian and Kurt went to the prison to see the convict. 
Within the cold and damp confines of the place, the convict was dragged out like a dog and thrown at Ian’s feet. At the sight of the two young men, he was taken aback and wondered who they were. 
Despite their youth, one could tell right away that these were not ordinary folk from the distinguished aura both of them exuded. 
“Who are you?” 
“How did you kill him?” Inside the interrogation room, Ian, who stared at the convict with a deathly gaze, looked as if he was a demon who had crawled out from Hell. 
Just the sight of him sent a chill down the convict’s spine. 
“How did I kill him? Didn’t I already tell the police everything? Who in the world are you? Why should I repeat it to you?” 
No sooner had the convict spoken than Ian raised his gaze slightly. 
Without warning, Kurt grabbed the convict out of his chair before covering the latter’s mouth and smashing a fist into his face. 
In an instant, the convict’s body convulsed before his face contorted from the excruciating pain. Even then, he could barely make a sound due to his mouth being tightly covered. 
All he could do was tremble violently within Kurt’s grip. 
It wasn’t until a minute later that Kurt released him, assuming that his pain had passed by then.
Ian repeated, “Let me ask you one more time. How did he die in your hands?” 
Sprawled on the table and having struggled for a long time, the convict finally relented with a grimace. “He… He refused to obey me. T-That’s why I wanted him to suffer.” 
“Suffer?” 
The second the words rolled off the convict’s tongue, raging infernos ignited in Kurt and Ian’s eyes. 
“You extracted both his kidneys just to make him suffer?” 
“N-No, it didn’t start out that way. I just wanted to torture him in the beginning, l-lt was after another subordinate, who came in with a freshly harvested organ, saw him that I ended up doing it,” the convict stuttered, desperately suppressing the terror within him. 
That was what exactly happened on that fateful day. Initially, there was no plan to harvest Brandon’s kidneys, as the convict had coveted the former for many years. In fact, he already had his eye on Brandon when the latter first started out acting. 
Unfortunately, he wasn’t powerful enough to capture Brandon back then. 
Subsequently, after a painstaking wait, he finally had the opportunity to kidnap Brandon. Therefore, it didn’t make sense for him to kill the latter. 
However, Brandon had not been cooperative or friendly at all. Despite the convict expending significant amounts of effort to bring Brandon in, the celebrity wasn’t grateful. Instead, he even nearly castrated the convict. 
“Let me tell you, I had no intention of taking his life. All I wanted was to live out my days happily with him. Just think about it; after longing for him for so many years, why would I destroy him when I finally got him?”
Crack! 
This time, the blow came from Ian. 
He had grabbed a chair from the side and smashed it on the convict’s head. 
“Argh!” 
Right after an agonizing scream echoed through the interrogation room, the convict held onto his bleeding head as he fell off his chair. 
As for the prison guards outside, they pretended to hear nothing at all. 
Ian, suppressing the disgust within him, walked up to the convict while exuding a murderous aura. 
“Castrate him!” 
“Consider it done.” 
Kurt, whose methods were even more clinical, approached the convict while whipping out a sharp blade in his hand. After kneeling in front of the latter, he unleashed a slash which caused a harrowing cry to burst forth from his victim. 
Despite the thinness of his blade, he had severed the veins in the convict’s manhood. 
Following that, he stood up and stomped his foot down. 
Crunch! 
“Arghhh!”
An even more distressed and agonized howl rang out from the room, sending a chill down the spines of the policemen outside. 
Did they… crush his family jewels? 
Breaking out in a cold sweat, all of them shuddered. 
Nonetheless, no one had the courage to enter. The moment they knew the connection between the two youths and Brandon, they had no illusions as to what was going to happen. 
Moreover, all of them, being the smart men they were, naturally knew not to interfere. 
After flawlessly dishing out pain, Kurt took a step back for Ian to continue. 
“How is it? How does it feel to be castrated?” 
The convict was curled up on the ground, wailing as he struggled like an animal on its last legs. 
Ian, kneeling in front of him, began toying with the glass in his hand. 
“You’re right to say that my uncle was exceptionally handsome. Throughout his lifetime, his looks had captivated many from both sides of the gender aisle.” 
Suddenly, he recalled the pitiful lady who had died a long time ago. 
Back then, Willow, too, was hopelessly in love with Uncle Brandon. But in the end, she sacrificed her life instead of causing him any harm. Therefore, when Uncle Brandon had both his kidneys removed, did he manage to think of her? Or perhaps… 
Suddenly, something occurred to Ian.
Even though Uncle Brandon was trapped, this man would definitely not dare harm him if the former revealed his true identity and his relationship with the Hayes family. So why didn’t he do it? 
Ian froze at the thought.
###Chapter 1953
Chapter 1953
“What’s wrong?” Kurt, who was waiting for Ian’s next action, was bewildered when he saw the latter crouching there in silence. 
Without any warning, Ian lost control of himself. Grabbing the convict by the collar, he pulled him off the floor and thundered, “Tell me, how did you remove his kidneys? Speak!” 
Given that his will was already broken from the torture, the convict no longer dared to hide anything. 
“I-I’ll tell you! I’ll tell you! When I was extracting his organs, I filled his room with a kind of drug. In order to maintain the freshness of the organs, I needed to make sure the organ’s owner had to be in an exceptionally good mood. Hence, the drug… will cause him to hallucinate the one he desires to see the most. When that happens, he will comply obediently with my instructions,” the convict explained while enduring the massive pain and fear he felt. 
With that, silence descended upon the interrogation room. 
Both Ian and Kurt kept mum after hearing the convict’s words. 
Nevertheless, a tempestuous fury and murderous intent were already raging inside their hearts. The aura they exuded was so terrifying that it seemed capable of crushing the convict into dust. 
And that was exactly what they did. 
By the time the police chief entered upon hearing the commotion, they were greeted by an unbelievably gruesome sight. 
Although the convict could still look around with his eyes and talk, those were the only two parts of his body capable of movement, for he was crippled everywhere else.
All of that was naturally the work of a genius assassin. By barely spilling any blood, he could prevent both of them from being accused of assault, and he accomplished it by crippling his victim from within. 
Consequently, the police officers gaped at the scene. 
Ian informed the police chief, “We’re done and have gotten everything we need. You can have him back.” 
The police chief was at a loss for words. 
Kurt added, “Don’t worry; he’ll stay alive long enough for you to put a bullet in his head. You won’t have the trouble of him dying on you.” 
The chief continued to be stumped. 
This is ridiculous. 
Nonetheless, he was helpless to do anything. 
After leaving the police station, both of them sped through the city streets in their car. 
When Kurt saw how terrifyingly silent Ian was in the back seat, he pondered a moment before deciding to take the latter to a bar. 
A few minutes later, both of them arrived at an effervescent bar. The moment they stepped in, their extraordinary features captured the attention of the many young women inside, causing them to turn their heads to ogle. 
“Look, students.” 
“Oh, fresh meat. Don’t they look yummy?”
Most of the patrons were adults, especially the liberal kind. At the sight of the two dashing and distinguished- looking young men, their eyes instantly lit up with desire. 
Youths were always a welcome sight no matter where they went. 
Jolted back to his senses by the ear-shattering music, Ian was suddenly annoyed by the flashing disco lights inside the bar. 
“Why did you bring me here?” 
“To drink.” 
Taking a seat at the bar like a seasoned customer, Kurt snapped his fingers at the bartender. 
Ian, whose gloomy expression darkened further, was rendered speechless. 
Since when did he learn all this? Let’s not forget that he’s also two years younger than I am. 
After taking a seat on the high chair beside Kurt, he gave the latter a disapproving look. “Do you come here often?” 
Kurt cocked a brow. “Don’t misunderstand. As I’m still underaged, the reason I patronize such places is just to execute your dad’s missions. Hence, you had better not malign me in front of Vivi.” 
It wasn’t until a short while later that Ian turned away. 
Soon, his drink was served. Low in alcohol content, it felt as if it was concocted solely to ease the sorrow in his heart a little. 
At the sight of it, Ian finally lost his apprehension. Bringing the glass to his lips, he took a sip.
“What do you plan to do next? That b*stard has already revealed the location of your uncle’s kidneys. Do you want to get them back?” 
“Isn’t it obvious?” Ian replied without hesitation. 
When the words rolled off his tongue, he could still feel the anguish in his heart. 
So what if I found out that Uncle Brandon was in an ecstatic mood when he was murdered? It doesn’t change anything, for he had no intention of dying at all. Given that he still had a young daughter, didn’t he struggle for a year just so that he could continue living? 
Expecting Ian’s decision, Kurt inquired further, “What about the engagement? Don’t forget that both of you are getting engaged soon.” 
“There’s no hurry as we still have half a month’s time. Worse comes to worst, we’ll just… delay it.” 
Once again, he had brought up the idea. 
Deafening silence descended upon them even though they were surrounded by patrons dancing wildly to the music as all sorts of screams filled the air. 
Delaying the engagement was consistent with an inherent trait of his. 
Ian took after his father a lot. In spite of his frosty exterior, he was fiercely loyal on the inside and willing to carry any burden for the sake of his loved ones. 
Uncle Brandon was someone who watched me grow up. Now that he has suffered such a cruel fate, there’s no way my conscience will allow me to hold my wedding in peace until the matter is put to rest. Even if I choose to go back, I won’t be able to face his child at all.
###Chapter 1954
Chapter 1954
Finally, Kurt nodded without saying a word. 
“In that case, do you want to inform your parents? Since the police chief mentioned that Interpol is also investigating it, I’m worried that it might be connected to a major case. As a result, telling your dad might make things easier for ourselves.” 
“What about my mom?” Ian asked as he stared at the glass in his hand with a grim look in his eyes. 
How is Mom going to react when she finds out? Brandon was one of the few people she was close to within the Hayes family. Subsequently her best friend, Willow, even married him, although their marriage ended in tragedy. Later on, she was comforted by the fact that Uncle Brandon raised Nat by himself. Therefore, she would be devastated if she learns of Uncle Brandon’s murder and the fact that Nat has become a pitiful orphan. 
Hence, Ian didn’t feel like informing his parents for the time being. 
Kurt, having seen Ian’s response, had no choice but to concur with the latter’s decision. Nevertheless, he took precautions by transferring a few more men over from SteelFort once they headed back. 
As the kidneys were in Southeast Astoria, comprehensive preparations were needed. 
Meanwhile, at Tilan Palace, Southeast Astoria, Theo was in his room when Hugo returned. There, he listened to the voices that the bug he had secretly installed picked up. 
“Has the police in Yartran closed the case?” 
“Yes. After paying off the fool with a sum of money, he’s agreed to take on all the charges. Also, there’s more good news. The police didn’t reveal the cause of the actor’s death.”
Zylan’s voice, tinged with elation, rang out. 
Upon hearing the report, Hugo sighed in relief. 
“They have probably discovered his relationship with the Hayes family too. Now that the matter involves that person, they would naturally want to cover it up. Let’s monitor the situation for now.” 
“Yes, Mr. Tilan,” Zylan acknowledged at once. 
A short while later, the sound of footsteps walking out preceded the silence that descended upon the penthouse. 
Just when Theo was planning to turn off his earpiece… 
Bam! 
All of a sudden, the door behind him was kicked open. The loud crack that resulted sounded especially jarring as it pierced the quiet of the night. 
Theo’s expression immediately darkened as he turned around to look at the intruder. 
“Who gave you permission to return here? Did no one teach you about the protocols for a bodyguard upon arriving at Tilan Palace?” 
The intruder turned out to be Rosalie. 
She was standing by the door, her eyes spitting fire. Under the dim light of the night, the scowl on her face showed how much she wanted to tear him to pieces. 
At the sight of her, Theo began to calm down. 
“Sorry. I’m new, so I don’t know anything.”
“You…” 
Infuriated, she stormed into the room and swung the baseball bat in her hands right at him. 
No one has ever dared speak to me this way in Tilan Palace! Did his cheek come from the fact that I saved him yesterday? Is that why he doesn’t fear me and shows no respect? 
“Fine. Let me teach you today about the duties of a bodyguard!” 
The instant the baseball bat was raised high in the air, a vicious glint flashed across the young bodyguard’s eyes as the urge to kick Rosalie away welled up inside him. 
After all, no one had ever dared to behave so brazenly in front of him. 
But in the end, he forcefully suppressed the anger inside him and allowed the bat to strike his hip. 
“Ooof…” he grunted. 
The impact stunned Rosalie, who hadn’t expected Theo to not move a muscle. 
All this while, the bodyguards she had encountered were the sly kind. Whenever she wanted to teach them a lesson, they would drop to their knees to beg for mercy or bend their waists to evade her strike. 
Despite the fact that she was the only one among her siblings considered an official Tilan child, anyone could bully her in reality. 
Just like that, Rosalie, with anger raging within her, froze on the spot. 
After the pain from the strike had passed, Theo quickly recovered the expressionless look on his face. 
He then requested professionally, “Ms. Rosalie, do you feel better now? If you do, I’ll get a fresh change of clothes and escort you back down.”
Stumped by his response, Rosalie was now made to feel worse than when she first stormed into the room in anger. 
Nonetheless, she decided to leave the room in the end. 
A few minutes later, Theo, after changing into clean clothes, emerged looking dapper, especially after putting on a pair of sunglasses on that handsome face of his. 
“Let’s go, Ms. Rosalie.” 
With that, Rosalie sauntered away, ignoring the faint stench of blood in the air. 
Upon arriving at Rose Garden, they were greeted by the supper and medication prepared by the housemaid, who hurried up to Rosalie’s side at the sight of her. 
“Ms. Rosalie, welcome back. We have prepared medication for you. Once you have finished your supper, I can help you apply it.” 
“There’s no such need,” Rosalie declined with a scowl on her face before sitting down at the table stiffly. No sooner had she picked up her spoon and opened her mouth to eat than the sound of her gasping was heard. 
Both the housemaid and Theo were taken aback. 
It was then that Theo, standing at attention underneath the living room light, finally noticed the swelling on Rosalie’s face. In fact, there was also a wound at the corner of her lips. 
Was she beaten up in school today? 
Theo pursed his lips in thought.
###Chapter 1955
Chapter 1955
In the end, Theo walked up to her. 
“Let me do it.” 
He took the medication from the hands of the housemaid since he did bear some responsibility for what had happened in the day. 
Cognizant that Rosalie shared a turbulent relationship with her sisters, Theo had also learned from the file Lana gave him that the former was hated within the Tilan family. 
In fact, the animosity toward her was so strong within Tilan Palace that someone was always out to murder her at any given moment. 
While they were in school, he, as her bodyguard, had failed to protect her despite knowing that her two sisters had already entered. Therefore, the responsibility for the incident was his. 
After picking up the ointment, Theo bent down beside Rosalie. 
The feisty Rosalie, with a scowl on her face, shot him a glare and reprimanded, “What are you doing? Did I give you permission to do that?” 
Theo bore with it. 
“Ms. Rosalie, I’m sorry for what happened during the day. I was in the washroom and didn’t head over since I assumed Samson would go in with you.” 
While explaining to her, he didn’t forget to blame Samson too.
Rosalie simply sneered in response, “Who needs you to come over? What makes you think I can’t handle them?” 
After falling silent for a fleeting moment, he opened the tube of ointment in his hand. 
“Let me put it on for you. otherwise, you’ll be ridiculed again if the wound on your mouth doesn’t heal by tomorrow.” Then, before she could throw another tantrum, he dabbed some ointment with his finger and applied it to her face. 
In that instant, Rosalie, who looked up, was stunned when her furious gaze met Theo’s mesmerizing eyes. 
He has such beautiful eyes, just like the crescent moon. 
When Theo looked at her with his frosty aura suppressed, all that was left in his obsidian eyes was a sort of gentle warmth. 
As she continued to peer into them, she could detect a hint of glee in his eyes. 
Is he smiling? 
The thought caused Rosalie’s heart to skip a beat. 
Meanwhile, Theo was oblivious to what was going through her mind. He was just worried that the spoilt Rosalie would give him grief if the swelling on her face didn’t go down. 
As a result, he applied the ointment meticulously, just like how he always did for his sister at home. 
When he was finally done, he got to his feet and reported in a casual tone, “There you go.” 
In that instant, he noticed the uncomfortable look on Rosalie’s face. Even her ear lobes had turned red.
What’s wrong with her? Is she worried that I might have scratched her face? 
After putting the ointment back on the table, Theo tactfully took a step back. 
Rosalie, too, looked away as she picked up the spoon on the table obediently. For once, she finished her supper without making a fuss. 
Once she had finished and it was time for her to rest, Theo waited for her to head upstairs so he could leave. 
Unexpectedly, halfway up the stairs, she instructed him to follow her. 
“Guard my door tonight. Remember, if you leave, even for a single step, you will no longer be needed in Tilan Palace,” she warned. 
There was only one fate that awaited those who weren’t needed there-death. 
As his gaze darkened, Theo followed her upstairs with an emotionless face. 
That night, Rosalie could only remember that it was the best sleep she had gotten in a very long time. 
However, when she opened the door after waking up, she saw Theo, who was supposed to be standing at attention, hunching forward and supporting himself with his hands on the railing. He looked as if he could no longer stand the pain that he had long endured. 
“Theo, w-what’s wrong?” 
She hesitated before calling out to him from behind his back. 
At the sound of her voice, the figure in front of her froze. Rosalie then watched as he gradually straightened his body and turned around to reveal an extremely calm face.
Unfortunately, it was one that was frighteningly pale. 
On top of that, when she saw the sweat beading his forehead, she was rendered speechless. 
“Ms. Rosalie, you’re awake. Can I go back and get a change of clothes? I don’t want to sully you with the stench of my overnight sweat when we go out later,” Theo plainly requested with a cold look in his eyes. 
Rosalie, whose eyes were filled with concern, froze when she caught the look on his face. All of a sudden, she was flooded with rage. 
“You’re useless!” 
After admonishing him, she turned around and returned to her room. 
Bang! 
The door slammed shut loudly behind her. 
Standing there watching, Theo didn’t feel any fear at all. Instead, intense hatred was the only emotion in his bloodshot eyes as he stared at the door. 
With that, Theo proceeded to leave. 
Along the way, his usual walking pace had slowed down to a heavy-footed trudge, while his body was no longer as upright as before. 
It wasn’t until he slipped back to his room and reached his hand into his shirt that he realized it was all covered with blood.
###Chapter 1956
Chapter 1956
“Theo, what are you doing? Hurry up! We are leaving.” 
Samson was already outside urging him. 
When Theo heard him, he could only clean his wound casually and change into a clean set of clothes before coming out of the room. 
Samson started nagging, “Why are you taking so long? We are about to leave in ten minutes time. If we are late, Ms. Tilan will tell US off again.” 
When Samson saw his partner, he could not help but grumble at his tardiness. 
By the look of it, he did not like the unpredictable mood of their employer as well. 
There was not much reaction from Theo. He only said calmly, “Let’s make a move then. Why are you gibbering so much rubbish?” 
With that, he went downstairs. 
Samson followed suit. 
“I heard you were made to stand guard outside for her for the entire night? Tsk, tsk. No wonder you look so awful. Did you manage to eat anything? Here, take this bread and eat it.” 
This man isn’t too bad after all. Seeing that I’m suffering, he actually offers me his breakfast. 
A few minutes later, the two men arrived at Tilan Palace.
Before they could reach the grand main entrance of Tilan Palace, they could sense the tension among those glamorous young girls from afar. 
“Ms. Rosalie, I heard you hit Ms. Shannon yesterday?” 
“That’s right. What’s wrong?” questioned Rosalie who was standing in her high heels. 
She was not afraid of admitting to her act of violence even when she was questioned by Shannon’s elderly maid. 
The old lady became furious. 
“Ms. Rosalie, you are the older sister. How can you hit your younger sister? No matter how esteemed your position may be in Tilan Palace, that doesn’t allow you to bully others. After all, she’s your biological sister.” 
“Haha!” 
With her arms around her, Rosalie exuded an air of arrogance. 
“Is this a joke? You said so yourself that I have an esteemed position. She’s just a wh*re born by a mistress. Why am I not allowed to teach her a lesson? Believe me. 
I will kill her if I want to.” 
“You!” 
The elderly maid was infuriated. 
As for Shannon, she was glaring at Rosalie with eyes full of hatred. 
Rosalie!
In the end, both Samson and Theo saw an even more beautiful girl walking up to stop the fight. 
“Enough! stop fighting. We are all sisters. What’s there to fight about? Shannon, hurry up and get into the car. Don’t make Rosalie angry anymore.” 
“But-” 
“Behave yourself!” 
That girl stared at Shannon, and immediately, Shannon got into the car without another word. 
Once Shannon was gone, only Rosalie was left. That peacemaker walked up to Rosalie and held her hand intimately. 
“Rosie, don’t be mad anymore, okay? She’s only a child. Why must you hold a grudge against her?” 
Her gentle advice made her appear as if she was the best sister in the world. 
However, Rosalie turned around and flashed her an ambiguous smile. The next moment, Theo and Samson heard something that made their jaws drop. 
“Naturally, I won’t hold a grudge against her. If I want to, it will be against you. Mikaela, that slap from you last night was really harsh. Are you aware that I was in pain for the entire night?” 
“Really?” 
Melinda froze. 
Rosalie nodded. “Yes. That’s why I won’t be going after that silly girl today. Melinda, just wait and see. I will make you suffer in school today!”
After threatening her sister, she stomped away in her high heels. 
She looked so much like… 
Samson was so stunned that his mouth was wide open. There was no reaction from him for the next couple of seconds. 
This family is full of lunatics! 
Theo was also silent momentarily before he regained his senses and hopped onto the bikes that were meant for the bodyguards. 
On the way to the school, Theo and Samson wondered what the situation was like in the car. However, by the time they arrived at the school, they saw a very different side of the three sisters. 
Samson was dumbfounded. 
Shannon shouted, “Why are the two of you standing there? Come over and help me down.” 
Melinda also chimed in, “Come here now!” 
Rosalie said nothing. 
Both Theo and Samson went over as per their instruction. 
Rosalie pointed at Theo and ordered, “You! Go in with me!” 
Samson looked at Theo with sympathy. 
Shortly after everyone walked into the school, it was only then Theo finally saw the best school in the whole of Southeast Astoria for the nobility. It was rare to find something so spacious, well- equipped, and resplendent in Astoria.
Rosalie was a freshman. The moment she walked into the school, she went straight to her building.
###Chapter 1957
Chapter 1957
Theo quickly followed her. 
He initially thought it would be a calm and peaceful day at the university. However, when Rosalie went to the washroom after two classes, she accidentally stepped on something and fell on the floor. Bang! 
“My god. Someone fell!” 
The commotion caused the girls in the washroom to shriek in shock. 
At that time, Theo was waiting outside the washroom. Once the girls screamed, he couldn’t care less about anything else and rushed into it. 
Rosalie had collapsed onto the floor and passed out when he arrived. Also, a pool of blood was found under her head. 
Theo’s expression turned grimmer when he glanced around the area and saw a few rolling marbles near the door. 
About ten minutes later, Samson swiftly brought Rosalie out of the university and admitted her to the hospital. 
As for Theo, he didn’t follow Samson to the hospital but headed toward the neighboring faculty building. 
“Theo, what are you doing?”
“Tell Shannon to come out now.” Theo didn’t intend to waste his time greeting them. He immediately asked the two bodyguards at the entrance to tell Shannon to come out. 
As he expected, the bodyguards were unwilling to heed his instruction. 
“Who do you think you are? Will Ms. Tilan come out just because you want to see her?” 
“Exactly. Don’t treat yourself as somebody just because Ms. Rosalie values you now. Do you know that in Tilan Palace, even if your boss is humiliated, she will have no chance to fight back.” 
“Hahaha…” 
With that, the two bodyguards chuckled mockingly. 
As they were laughing, Theo squinted, deep in thought. 
Suddenly, he recalled the injury on Rosalie’s mouth and face on the night she was beaten. 
/ understand what happens now! Apart from her sisters, even the subordinates are bold enough to bully her. They would only gloat over it even if they saw Shannon beating her! 
After a while, Theo decided to ignore them and entered the building. 
“How dare you-” 
Crack! 
Before the bodyguard could finish, Theo threw him to the ground as fast as lightning. The next moment, everyone around could hear the sound of bones breaking. 
My goodness!
Another bodyguard was shocked by the sight. 
Just as he wanted to help, Theo threw a kick at him like an eagle that had been lurking around its prey. 
Before the bodyguard could figure out what happened, Theo’s two fingers were only about an inch away from his eyes. 
“Theo, please calm down” 
At that moment, his body trembled. 
Theo’s claw-shaped fingers in front of his eyes sent shivers down his spine. 
How terrifying! How did he do it? 
Fortunately, Theo decided to let the bodyguard off the hook and throw him onto the floor. The bodyguard quickly entered the classroom and brought Shannon out. 
She said in a shivering voice, “W-What do you want? I’m Ms. Tilan. If y-you dare lay a finger on me, my father won’t let you off the hook.” 
“Give it a try then,” Theo responded coldly. 
The next moment, he dragged her out of the building like a dog before the crowd. 
Everyone on campus was shocked by the sight. 
It was their first time seeing someone laying a finger on Ms. Tilan. More shockingly, the one who did it was the family’s bodyguard. 
Is this the so-called family-fight?
Everyone began to feel excited about it. 
After a while, the crowd grew even more emotional, for Theo took Shannon to the building of students of higher grade, where her sister Melinda belonged. 
This is going to be interesting. 
As such, they waited patiently for a good show. 
Thump! 
Soon, someone kicked the door of Melinda’s classroom open and threw Shannon into it like a sandbag. 
Shannon was right in front of Melinda when she fell onto the floor. 
“Ah!” Shannon shrieked in pain and burst into tears before her sister. 
In the meantime, Melinda was rooted to the floor once she saw Shannon. 
As she looked up at Theo, her pure-looking face turned into a ferocious one. 
“What are you doing? Do you want to die?” 
“This question should be asked by me. Ms. Melinda, have you thought about how you would like to die if something untoward happens to Ms. Rosalie today?” Filled with disgust, Theo asked Melinda, who had finally shown her true colors. 
Melinda’s face changed once she heard the accusation.
“What are you talking about? What do you mean by something untoward? I have no idea about what happened. Why are you going berserk before me?” 
“Is that so? In that case, do you want me to find you some proof?” Theo asked her back expressionlessly. 
Nonetheless, the woman was not intimidated at all. 
“Sure. Go ahead. I won’t resist if you can find any so- called proof. Nevertheless, if you can’t find anything, prepare to die!” she retorted ferociously. 
Theo didn’t respond to it. 
Slowly, he turned around and scanned the classroom. When he saw a laptop on the podium, he came up to it and began typing.
###Chapter 1958
Chapter 1958
Everyone waited for the scene to unfold with bated breath. 
A few minutes passed before a clip played unexpectedly on the black projection screen. 
“That w*nch! Mel, you’ve got to help me get even.” 
“What’s the rush?” 
The familiar figure that appeared on the screen caught everyone’s attention. 
Isn’t that… Melinda? 
They turned to Melinda, the lady who had spoken harshly to Theo just a minute ago, feeling shocked. Melinda felt just as shocked as everyone else when she saw the clip. 
How is this possible? 
Of course, that wasn’t the main point. 
She couldn’t believe her eyes when she saw the scenes she had deleted beforehand played on screen. 
The only thing was that it was taken from a different angle. 
“Are you sure she will step on these beads?” 
“Don’t worry. These aren’t glass beads. These are particles that will freeze once it comes into contact with water. It will dissipate into thin air once she crushes it.”
Melinda was carrying a bag of crystal beads as she spoke to Shannon in the footage. 
Shannon immediately broke into a smile. 
She left not long after with the bag. The next scene showed Shannon scattering the powder all over the restroom. 
Oh my gosh! 
The crowd went into a frenzy as the truth finally came to light. Everyone, including the bystanders, turned their gaze toward Melinda and Shannon. 
“My, my. These two have always called Rosalie out for bullying them. But who would have thought that they are the real culprits?” 
“Yeah, especially Melinda. We’ve always thought that she was the one getting bullied among those three since she always put on an innocent front.” 
“Yeah. This is scary. She is the real b*tch here.” 
Everyone was furious. 
They stared at Melinda and Shannon with shock, disappointment, and disdain written all over their faces. 
Melinda finally lost it as she sat there shivering in fright. She couldn’t even keep her composure anymore at this point. 
She knew Hugo would stand by Rosalie no matter how much they bullied her once everything came to light. After all, she was the child of his legitimate wife. 
“Prepare to face the consequences of your actions.”
That was all Theo said before he left. 
At the hospital. 
Rosalie found out about the incident two hours after it happened. She was already awake as of this moment. 
“You mean to say Uncle Zylan has brought those two b*tches back home?” 
“Yes, Ms. Rosalie,” Samson replied. 
Rosalie, who was lying on the bed, lowered her eyes as she felt her heart bursting with joy. 
Warmth coursed within her heart with the knowledge that someone out there cared for her. 
The ward had quietened down by the time Theo arrived. 
He entered the ward to check up on Rosalie’s injury. However, he never expected the girl lying on the bed to wake up once he arrived. 
Theo was rendered speechless. 
“You’re back?” 
“Yes.” 
Theo retracted his gaze as he returned to being poker- faced. 
Rosalie would have flown into a rage in the past. After all, she hated it when the people around her turned into expressionless robots. 
Especially when she had taken the initiative.
However, she wasn’t mad at the moment. 
“What do you want? Spill.” She smiled as she felt a warm blush rose to her cheeks. 
Theo was stunned. 
“I don’t want anything.” 
“What I mean is… You’ve helped me out this time around. So I can grant you one wish, and I will fulfill it.” Rosalie was on the brink of losing it. 
What a blockhead. 
Luckily for her, he finally got it after she made things clear. 
He gave it some thought. 
“I can wish for anything?” 
“Yes, anything.” 
“Okay. Then, can I move into Rose Garden? I’ve offended so many people on your behalf today. I’m worried I might get killed if I stay in the same place.” 
Theo finally made a request. 
Her face grew hot under his scrutiny. 
“Y-You want to move in to Rose Garden?” 
“Is that a no?” Theo frowned. “If that’s not possible, then…”
“It’s not a problem!” 
Those words effectively shut him up. 
Theo shrugged in response. 
That’s better. The place is huge. So I won’t take up much space anyways. I wonder why is she being so fussy over it? 
He left the ward soon after. 
Rosalie immediately lay down and buried herself under the blanket as soon as he left. 
Her heart was beating so fast she felt as if it was about to jump out of her chest. 
He was the first person she had allowed to move into Rose Garden after her mother passed away.
###Chapter 1959
Chapter 1959
Theo moved into Rose Garden that very day. 
The rest of the bodyguards in Tilan Palace felt envious when they found out about the news. Even Samson had something to say about Theo’s elaborate scheme. 
“Way to go, Theo. No wonder you were so keen on sending me off to the hospital that day. That move got you into Rose Garden.” 
Theo kept silent. 
He didn’t move into Rose Garden because of Rosalie. 
Nobody knew that he wriggled his way in because he had a mission to accomplish. 
Theo scrutinized the map of Rose Garden until his gaze finally landed on Rosalie’s deceased mother’s room. 
“Are you sure Hugo’s trading records in the black market are kept in this room?” 
“Yes.” Lana’s firm voice sounded through the earpiece. 
“He is a sly old fox. According to our investigation, Tilan Palace’s penthouse is just a bluff. He keeps all his secret documents in his legitimate wife’s room.” 
Lana added to support her explanation. 
Theo frowned upon her words. 
Who would have thought that this old fox still harbor feelings for his legitimate wife?
Just as Theo was about to switch off his earpiece to prepare for tonight’s action plan, he suddenly heard voices coming from the direction of the penthouse through his other earpiece. 
“Mr. Tilan, our spies sent word. The Jadesons has not been planning the engagement ceremony.” 
“Oh?” 
Theo could tell that Hugo sounded very surprised through his earpiece. 
“Why not? I thought we’ve confirmed that his eldest son is getting engaged?” 
“Yes, but they have yet to make a move since then. But don’t worry, Mr. Tilan, there isn’t any action from Sebastian yet as well.” 
Zylan immediately added to ease Hugo’s worries. 
Is Sebastian one to sit on his hands? If that’s the case, then why did he cancel his eldest son’s engagement party? 
Hugo fell into deep thought. 
On the other hand, Theo, who had been eavesdropping on their conversation, was equally shocked. 
Ian’s engagement ceremony has been canceled? Why? 
Could it be there has been a change in the circumstances in Jadeborough?But Uncle Devin knows about this. And he said he wouldn’t tell Daddy just yet. 
If that is the case… 
Theo started to worry.
He decided not to drag it out anymore. He would strike tonight and leave this place as soon as he gets his hands on Hugo’s trading journal. 
Theo walked out of his room. 
“Theo, Ms. Rosalie called for you.” 
“Got it.” 
He nodded and headed toward the second floor where Rosalie was without another word. 
However, much to his dismay, he saw Rosalie throwing a mug hysterically at the housemaid when he reached the door. She did all this while lying on the bed. 
“What is this? Are you trying to poison me?” 
“I wouldn’t dare. Please, Ms. Tilan. I would never dare do such a thing.” 
The housemaid was so scared that she immediately fell to her knees. 
Theo’s face darkened when he saw the scene unfold before him. 
He despised willful and arrogant women like her. He preferred women who were kind, obedient, and cute, or women like his sister, Vivian, and his aunt, Sabrina. 
Even Timothy’s girlfriend, Zaylynn, seemed like a much better person than Rosalie. Zaylynn is an heiress too, but she most certainly is not spoilt rotten like Rosalie! 
Theo entered the room with a grim expression.
“You may leave. I’ll take care of this,” he said to the housemaid on the ground, who was shivering with fright. 
The housemaid immediately cleaned up the broken pieces of glass on the floor and fled the room. 
Theo then turned to face Rosalie whose head was wrapped in bandages. 
“Ms. Tilan, I suggest you hold your temper if you wish to get a foothold in the Tilan family. Things will only get harder if you make everyone here your enemy since you don’t have anyone to back you up. 
“Are you trying to teach me a lesson?” 
Rosalie’s temper flared upon his words. She wasn’t expecting to be reprimanded by Theo when she called him over. 
However, Theo remained unfazed. 
“I’m just giving you some advice. It’s up to you to take it or not,” he said patiently. 
He could have kept the words to himself. Nevertheless, he decided against it since he had been using Rosalie all this while. Moreover, he would be leaving tonight. Hence, he reluctantly gave her some pointers. 
Yet, being the ungrateful woman that she was, Rosalie retorted. 
“Hehe. Who do you think you are? Need I be reminded of what to do? Do you think you can step all over me now?” 
Rosalie started calling out for her bodyguards once again as Theo stood before her with a frown. 
This is ridiculous!
After a few minutes, he was escorted out of the room by her bodyguards. They imprisoned him in the basement and told him to reflect upon his conduct. 
How childish! 
Suddenly, Theo was filled with joy as he stared at the dimly lit room. Idiot. This will only make things easier for me. 
He quietly took the needle out of his pocket sleeve.
###Chapter 1960
Chapter 1960
When dusk came, Rosalie began to regret her decision. 
Should I free the b*astard? Rosalie ruminated over the thought as she tried to come up with good reasons to do so. 
Nevertheless, Rosalie had a hard time lowering her pride. At that same moment, Lacey had sent out someone after her to bring her to Lace Boudoir so they could settle the issue of Rosalie being hit in the head by Melinda and Shannon on campus. 
Thus, Rosalie left Rose Garden. 
That night, Rosalie did not return to Rose Garden. However, something happened late in the evening. All of a sudden, it was as though Tilan Palace had been shaken by a storm. Every bodyguard charged into Rose Garden by full force. 
Even Hugo was amidst the crowd! 
“Mrs. Tilan, something’s wrong. I just saw a lot of people heading for Rose Garden, including Mr. Tilan himself.” 
“What?” 
Lacey bolted up from her seat in shock. 
Everyone else in Lace Boudoir had a shift in their expressions, especially Rosalie. She shot up from her seat and jerked her head around to look behind her as the color drained from her face. 
If Father is personally involved, this is definitely not a good sign.
Without hesitation, Rosalie darted back to Rose Garden. 
Upon arriving in the brightly lit courtyard, Rosalie was immediately greeted by the sight of men dressed in black suits. As expected, all of them were carrying weapons with murderous expressions written on their faces. 
Rosalie paled even more at the sight. 
“What… what are you guys doing here? D-Did something happen?” 
Rosalie had never felt so shaken in her entire life. 
Grabbing one of the bodyguards standing in front of her, Rosalie asked for clarification in a quivering voice. 
The bodyguard turned around. At the sight of Rosalie, he hesitated before explaining, “Ms. Rosalie, you’re in grave trouble. Something has been stolen from the safe in your late mother’s room.” 
“Huh?” 
Rosalie’s knee went weak at the news. It was as though she had been struck by lightning! 
The safe? 
How could this be? The safe has always been inside Mother’s room. No one has even touched it ever since she passed. And now all of a sudden, they’re saying that something’s stolen? How could this be? 
Shell-shocked, Rosalie felt her head buzzing as she struggled to think. 
Just then, Hugo emerged from within the crowd. He was holding an empty box with a look of pure rage on his face. Upon seeing Rosalie, Hugo raised his leg and kicked her heavily on her chest.
“Ahh!” 
At the impact, Rosalie fell to the ground. Instantly, blood began gushing out of her mouth. 
“You fool! Look at what you’ve done! You’ve led our enemies straight into our home! I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you!” With bloodshot eyes, Hugo snatched the gun from the bodyguard next to him and aimed it at Rosalie. 
Rosalie did not move an inch. It was as though time was frozen still. 
Fortunately, as the scene played in front of their eyes, Zylan braved himself and stepped in to relieve the tension. At the end of the day, Zylan had watched Rosalie grow up. He could not bear the thought of the girl being killed. 
“Mr. Tilan, please calm down. As of now, what we should focus on is getting our hands on Theo-if that’s really his name. It’s not too late to deal with her after we caught the thief.” 
Thud! 
To everyone’s surprise, right after the house steward voiced out, an enraged Hugo tossed the former a hard kick as well. 
“You dare mention that man? Weren’t you the one who hired him in the first place?” 
“Ah!” 
Zylan fell to the ground. His body ached so much from the kick that he could barely stand up. 
“You’re right. It’s my shortcoming. I deserve to die. It was me who allowed this to happen. However, may I ever so humbly ask for another chance, Mr. Tilan. I will find that b*stard and bring him back. By then, you can shred him to pieces to your heart’s content.”
With his knees still on the ground, bitterness flooded Zylan’s voice as he begged for mercy. Even so, a malicious glint flashed across his eyes at the word “b*stard.” ‘ 
On the other hand, Rosalie merely watched on. She was still sprawled on the ground as fresh blood continued to flow from the corner of her mouth. 
After what felt like forever, Hugo finally tucked away the gun in his hand and turned his venomous gaze to the bodyguards in the courtyard instead. 
“Why are you people still standing here? Lock down the island this instant! Activate the laser systems! Let’s see how that rat plan to escape the island now!” 
“Yes, Sir!” 
With that, the bodyguards swarmed out of the palace. 
With much effort, Zylan pushed himself off the ground. Seeing that Hugo was about to leave, the former asked cautiously, “Mr. Tilan, what about her?” 
Of course, he was referring to Rosalie. 
At that moment, Rosalie was like a shell of a person. She sprawled on the ground, unaware of the movements around her and oblivious to the pain of her wounds. 
Her still small voice echoed in her blank mind. 
“N-No. That’s not possible. It’s not real. No. No…” Rosalie muttered to herself as she stared into space in denial. 
Even when she had been dragged into and locked inside her room, she was still repeating the same sentence over and over.
How is this possible? After all these years, he is the first person that I have opened my heart to. How could he turn around and use me instead? 
In a daze, she sat motionlessly on the floor. It was as though her soul had been sucked out of her body. 
Meanwhile, the men from Tilan Palace enhanced the security of the island and locked it down to prevent Theo from escaping the island before their search for the runaway. 
“Who’s there?” 
At even the slightest motion, the men immediately pointed their guns in the direction of the movement. 
After all, their order from Hugo was to eliminate the target, whether he was found dead or alive. 
“False alarm.” To their disappointment, they realized quickly after the commotion that the noise was caused by a mere street cat. Suppressing their anger, the troop continued their search.
###Chapter 1961
Chapter 1961
Chapter 1961 Hanging By A Thread 
As the men continued their search, they quickly captured the attention of the island’s inhabitants. In the dead of night, no one noticed the ocean surface turning faint red, as though being tainted. 
In the meantime, Lana was on a search for Matteo as well. Ever since Theo succeeded on the mission, she had already been on the lookout for him. 
To her dismay, she had not expected Hugo’s security to be so advanced. Even though her team was still fifty kilometers away from shore, the seawater there was also detected by the island’s laser beams. “That old son of a-” 
Lana scolded in frustration. She grabbed the nearest communication device and attempted to contact Matteo once again. 
“Matteo? Matteo? Do you copy?” There was no answer. The only thing that greeted her was dead silence. 
Lana paled at the lack of response. Scanning the pitch black waters in front of her, a shiver ran down her spine. After a brief pause, Lana ordered her team behind her, “Bring me my diving suit.” 
“Captain Warlow?” The police officers following behind her were startled. 
They were still a long way from the island. Not to mention that laser systems were defending the waters. If Lana were to dive into the sea, even though she might be able to maintain a safe depth, there would still be a huge risk of her triggering the security system. If that were to happen, her body would be one with the ocean, carried away by the tides. 
Naturally, everyone disagreed with her plan.
Enraged by their unresponsiveness, Lana threw the communication device onto the ground with a clatter before turning to take her diving gears herself. 
Just then, something caught the attention of one of the officers. He noticed some movement on the island through the binoculars. 
“Captain Warlow, look! I think there’s someone there!” Without a word, Lana immediately went over to take a look. 
There really were people on the shore. When Lana took hold of the binoculars, she could see the silhouette of a person dragging another person out of the water on the shallow end of fast west of the island. The outlines of the two people were partly shielded by the multiple boulders on the shore. 
Could it be…? 
Lana’s heart skipped a beat. 
Needless to say, it was Theo. 
But who was the one who saved him? 
Not even in a million years would it cross one’s mind that it was Rosalie who saved Theo. When everyone on the island was keeping a lookout for Theo, only Rosalie figured out Theo’s most likely hiding spot. She deduced that Theo would be hiding in the same place where he had to kill his companions during the training camp, the place where he emerged as the sole survivor. 
It was a secluded space surrounded by steep stone walls. 
Back then, Hugo had specially chosen that place to test Theo’s skills. 
Rosalie was not stupid. It took her almost no time at all to figure out where Theo could be hiding.
After all, with the island on complete lockdown, if the man had not escaped the island, that would be the only place he would hide in. 
Thud! 
With all her might, Rosalie dragged Theo into the basement and dropped him onto the ground. The moment his body hit the ground, Rosalie noticed the pool of blood gushing out of his abdomen. 
In no time at all, his black shirt was drenched in red. 
Rosalie stared at the motionless body in front of her wordlessly. 
Although she wanted to rip the man into shreds, Rosalie tore the edge of her dress and wrapped the fabric on the wound as a makeshift bandage. 
Roughly twenty minutes later, she took out the medications she had taken from her room and applied them to the injuries of the unconscious person on the ground. 
Soon, the wound stopped bleeding. 
Exhausted, Rosalie slumped onto the ground with a thump. 
What followed after was absolute silence. 
What was I thinking? 
Truth be told, even Rosalie herself was perplexed by her actions. When she escaped her room through her window, her mind was consumed by the thought of killing the man and bringing his head to her father if she could find him. 
Yet when she saw him, she could not bring herself to take his life.
Instead, she brought him back. 
I… I’m going to ask him nicely, ask him why he did what he did. 
And also, I’ll ask him who he truly is. I can’t get an answer if he’s dead. 
Yes. That’s what I’m doing! 
Rosalie was finally satisfied with the excuse she had given herself. That night, she did not go anywhere else. Neither did she do anything else except stay by Theo’s side and wait for him to wake. 
“Mmm…” 
It was already dawn when Theo regained consciousness. 
Theo tried to move his body on the ground. However, the pain from his injuries was too great. As a reflex, Theo parted his dry and colorless lips and groaned in pain. 
The sound awoke Rosalie. She immediately snapped her eyes open. 
After five minutes, the dark basement was lit up by the flashlight on someone’s smartphone. Still lying on the ground, Theo squinted his eyes at the sudden brightness. Slowly, Theo started to make out the person standing in front of him. 
“It’s you?” 
Disappointment filled his gaze at the sight of Rosalie. 
His reaction caused the suppressed rage in Rosalie’s chest to flare up in an instant. In the blink of an eye, she stretched out her hand and grabbed the man by his collar.
“What’s wrong? Unhappy to see me? Did you think you’ve escaped successfully?” 
Rosalie spat out the words in contempt and disgust. She wanted nothing more at that moment than to rip him to shreds. 
As a response, Theo merely glanced at her calmly without saying a word. 
The edges of Rosalie’s eyes reddened as she tried her best to keep her voice from cracking. With a burst of strength, she yanked the top half of his body off the ground and snarled, “Who on earth are you? Why did you steal from Father? What are your intentions?” 
“Are you really that na?ve, Ms. Tilan? Since I’m stealing from him, of course I’m intending to deal with your father!” 
“Deal with him?” Rosalie blanched at his words. 
“So you’re after his life. Are you a policeman? Or are you one of those who are seeking revenge from the Tilans? I’m going to assume the former. This device has to be a communication device with your supervisor, am I right?” Rosalie held up an earpiece between her fingers. “Tell me, what would happen if I were to tell them that I’m holding you captive?” 
Theo remained silent. 
His pace was so pale that it was almost as white as paper. Droplets of sweat covered his face. 
For the first time, Theo eyed Rosalie with a look of hostility. “Be my guest. Do it. I dare you.”
###Chapter 1962
Chapter 1962
Chapter 1962 Where Is My Son 
“Let me tell you this. If you click on this earpiece, I promise that the Tilan family will disappear from the face of this earth!” spat Theo calmly as he stared at the woman, articulating every single word clearly. 
Rosalie’s chest heaved. After hearing that, fury, hatred, and a murderous look appeared on her face. However, she still could not make herself press it. 
“Disappear? Haha! You’ve got some nerve, huh? If the police is that capable, you wouldn’t have let the Tilan family dominate Southeast Astoria for so many years. Do you think that you can kill my father with just that? You’re too naive!” 
Releasing the earpiece, she squatted there and scoffed coldly. Theo looked at her. “Why don’t we try it out? Let’s see if anything will happen to your father this time.” 
After staring at him for a minute, Rosalie released her grip. She shoved him to the floor forcefully and stood up. 
If someone had dared to speak to her like that in the past, she would have definitely scoffed in disdain and killed the person directly. 
However, when she saw the calm look in his eyes, she suddenly lost her cool. For some reason, an indescribable feeling of anxiety gripped her heart. It happened when dawn first broke. 
Rosalie had just dragged herself back to the room, feeling utterly exhausted. She bathed and was about to dry her hair. 
All of a sudden, a whirring sound came from outside, as if the entire sky had been invaded by an unknown organism. The deafening noise caused the walls of Tilan Palace to tremble. What’s that?
She dashed out of her room. To her surprise, after she went out, she saw a dense mass of black dots in the sky rushing toward the island. 
“Oh my God! What’s that? Someone, come right now!” Everyone was terrified and shocked. Standing at the corridor, Rosalie was utterly flabbergasted by the scene. 
Upon a closer look, she could see clearly that those were fighter jets zooming toward them rapidly. Fighter jets! Not helicopters! Whoosh! 
With a loud whoosh, the fighter jet at the front of the troop zoomed past the top of Tilan Palace, flying dangerously close to the surface. 
While everyone underneath screamed in terror, it fired a small missile. 
Boom! 
A deafening boom sounded from Tilan Palace’s iconic penthouse, cutting across the morning sky. 
It was horrifying. 
Rosalie stared at it, dumbfounded. In the end, someone rushed over and dragged her away. 
“Why are you still standing there, Ms. Rosalie? Do you want to be killed by them?” 
It was Samson. 
Rosalie was dragged down the stairs to hide for a long while. Looking at the debris flying across the garden, she asked, “Who are they?” 
“They’re probably here to save Theo.” 
“What did you say?” Rosalie raised her head abruptly. “Theo?”
Samson nodded. “Ms. Rosalie, the Tilan Palace might be in grave trouble. E-Earlier, I heard your father and Zylan arguing at the penthouse… It seems like Theo’s background is not so simple…” 
“Not so simple? What do you mean? W-Who is he?” 
“I heard your father saying that he’s the son of Tilan Palace’s rival, who’s that man from the Hayes Corporation…” 
Samson did not know how he managed to say that. 
He had become completely numb after hearing that. Even at that moment, he still found it quite unrealistic. 
The news was simply too shocking. 
I heard that the President of the Hayes Corporation is now the head of the Jadesons and dominates the entire country. How unbelievable! That dude is actually the son of such an impressive man. 
Samson did not feel too pleased about that. 
When he raised his head and glanced over, he realized that Rosalie had no reaction at all—just like him when he first heard the news. 
Samson did not say anything. 
Boom! 
Another loud noise sounded. 
Both of them glanced over in terror and discovered that the iconic statue, which had stood at the entrance of Tilan Palace for decades, had been broken into half. It landed in the middle of the palace’s
hall. 
It was a scene of utter destruction. 
Rosalie could not say anything else. 
Meanwhile, Hugo crawled down from the penthouse pathetically, his face covered with blood. When he raised his head, he saw that numerous fighter jets had already surrounded the palace. 
In fact, they had surrounded not only the palace, but also the entire island. 
Before he came down, he had already received news that many warships had arrived on all sides of the island’s sea territory. 
Those were warships! A person like him, who ruled the underground, would never possess something like that. Regardless of how much influence he had in the underground, he would still be completely overpowered in a battle with the military.
###Chapter 1963
Chapter 1963
Chapter 1963 She Is Not A Criminal 
Thud! Hugo sat on the ground, his face filled with despair. Seeing that Hugo had given up resisting, the fighter jet with a symbol of a blue flame stopped circling in the sky and landed slowly. 
Soon, it stopped amidst the pile of rubble. Everyone saw an elegant and dignified man walking out of the cabin. The Hayeses ruled the corporate world, while the Tilans ruled the underground. 
No one in the Hayes Corporation had heard this saying before, including Sebastian, who used to rule it. He had always deigned to mention things that were unworthy of being shown in public. 
However, Hugo actually dared to target Sebastian. Sebastian strode toward Hugo, who was lying on the ground pathetically like a thought. Two handsome youths followed behind him. 
When he and his sons arrived there, their powerful aura sent a chill running down everyone’s spine. “Where’s my son?” This was the first question that Sebastian asked. 
Hugo’s face paled immediately. “I… I…” 
“Listen carefully. If anything bad happens to my son, everyone in the Tilans will have to follow him to the grave. I’ll destroy the empire that the Tilans have built. Think carefully.” 
Sebastian had not been out in public for a long time. Compared to his younger self, he was much more restrained. 
However, at his age, the calmer he sounded, the more terrifying the consequences would be. It could not even be compared to the past, when he was still younger. 
Hugo’s face was completely pale. He wanted to say that he did not know where Sebastian’s son was. However, he was afraid that he would die if he said that.
Just when he felt a chill run down his spine, a girl’s voice sounded behind them. “He’s here!” Her scream caused everyone to look over. 
“Matteo!” When the two youths standing behind their father saw that, a look of joy flashed across their eyes. They started running toward the girl. 
They were none other than Kurt and Ian. 
After they arrived at Southeast Astoria, their investigation brought them there and they contacted Lana. Upon discovering what happened the previous night, they quickly informed their father. This was what led to this scene in the morning. 
However, they found it weird that Sebastian did not seem surprised by this. 
Ian went to receive his younger brother. He saw how Matteo, who used to be so strong and cheerful, could now barely stand after being tortured. In fact, his handsome face had now turned completely pale. 
Ian raised his head abruptly and glared at the woman who had brought Matteo out. 
“What did you do to him?” 
Rosalie trembled in fear. 
Are they… twins? But this boy looks so much fiercer than Theo. With that look in his eyes, it seems like he wants to rip me apart. 
“I… I…” 
“Don’t worry. The Tilans didn’t do anything to him. He got injured by the lasers when he infiltrated the penthouse. Last night, when he was stealing something, he got injured by my traps. Mr. Hayes, I didn’t
touch your son at all,” explained Hugo, who had finally mustered some courage. He raised his head and tried his best to look calm. 
When Sebastian saw that his son was fine, his expression became more relaxed. 
However, standing there expressionlessly, he suddenly changed the topic. “What about my cousin?” 
“Who?” 
“The male celebrity, from whom you removed two of his kidneys. I heard that his kidneys are in your precious daughter’s body. Am I right?” 
He turned around and glanced at Rosalie, who was still standing there. 
When Rosalie and her father heard that, they stood there paralyzed in shock. 
Kidneys? Rosaline got uremia a year ago and got two kidneys transplanted into her body. So those kidneys come from that male celebrity? Oh my God! 
Hugo felt like he had fallen into a bottomless pit. 
Meanwhile, Rosalie lowered her head and glanced at her stomach dumbfoundedly. After a while, she raised her head and looked at Matteo, who was being supported by his brother. 
She realized that his eyes were filled with a murderous look, as if he wanted to crush her right there and then. 
“Don’t move, Matteo. Calm down.” 
“I want to kill her! Kill her!” roared Matteo at the top of his lungs. His eyes were bloodshot and his fingers were balled into a fist.
He was absolutely terrifying. 
Rosalie staggered backward. 
No, this isn’t real. This isn’t… 
Everything turned dark. 
When she woke up, peace had resumed in Tilan Palace. Meanwhile, she was lying on her bed. 
“Are you awake?” 
Samson had not left. When he saw that she was awake, he quickly poured a glass of water for her. 
Rosalie stared at him in shock. After a while, she asked, “How are things outside?” 
Samson lowered his head. 
“Not that great. Your father has been arrested by the police. The police have also taken control of this place. The members of the Tilans have either been arrested or sent away. You’re the only one left,” said Samson, his voice filled with pity.
###Chapter 1964
Chapter 1964
Chapter 1964 It Will Not Hurt Anymore 
Rosalie was still unable to say a word despite the quiver of her lips. Ten minutes later, she, with her hair strewn all over the place, was helped out of bed and brought downstairs. There, a heap of ruins was all that was left of the once gloriously-lit Tilan Palace. 
There was not a soul nor any lights in sight at all. All that remained were broken pieces of tiles that were shattered by the cannon fire. Given the widespread devastation, she wouldn’t even have recognized the place if not for the familiar cedar tree that was left standing. 
In fact, she began to wonder if she had accidentally ended up in the wilderness. 
“Ms. Rosalie, why don’t we pack and leave? I have heard that Mrs. Tilan and the others have left for Archulea. If you want to join them, I’ll take you there,” Samson, who was behind her, advised. 
In truth, he, too, could have left with them. However, when he saw how the fleeing members of the Tilan family left the unconscious Rosalie to fend for herself, he decided to stay back. 
After all, he couldn’t bring himself to leave her after spending a lot of time by her side. 
While Samson waited, he was caught by surprise when Rosalie, whose family had just fallen from grace, finally shook her head after standing in the garden for a long period of time. 
“I’m not going. You should go by yourself. There’s no need to worry about me.” “But—” 
“Samson, I thank you for choosing to stay back with me in the end. As for the past… I apologize for how I treated you. After you leave Southeast Astoria, I’ll give you a sum of money so that you don’t have to work as an assassin anymore. Instead, you should find an ordinary job and live out the rest of your life in peace.”
When he saw that she, who had always been proud and spoilt, could still make such meticulous arrangements for him despite the dire circumstances, Samson stood bewildered. 
“W-What about you? What do you plan to do next?” “Me?” Wearing only a night dress, Rosalie looked up at the night sky with puckered lips before breaking into a smile. 
“I have not decided yet. Perhaps I’ll just go sightseeing.” “Sightseeing?” 
Samson didn’t understand what she meant. What does she want to see? 
Obviously, he didn’t dare to inquire further. Since she refused to go, he decided to leave first. Before he did, he left her a car together with some maps and notes. 
They contained his detailed plans for her on where she could go. Much to his surprise, she didn’t go anywhere in particular after leaving the island that night. 
All she did was visit the places she had always been keen on seeing while she was sick, such as scenic historical cities or the desert that had always intrigued her. 
As there were plenty of sites to cover, one year had passed when she was finally done. 
It was during that same period that the faraway Jadeson family of Jadeborough finally held the long- awaited engagement banquet. 
It was exceptionally lively that day with guests coming from everywhere, including the Hayes family, Solomon’s family, the Wand family, the Minamoto family, and lastly, the extended Jadeson family. 
What had surprised everyone was the presence of Master Shin of Aquene Temple. 
Given the festive atmosphere at Oceanic Estate, the triplets were filled with joy.
After the banquet, Matteo was leading Natalie to the observation tower to set off fireworks when he received a sudden call. 
“Hello, is that Theo?” 
Matteo remained silent for a long time. 
The voice over the phone continued, “I know it’s you, Theo, but don’t worry. I’m not calling to cause any trouble. I just want to inform you that Ms. Tilan has passed, and she has donated the two kidneys to a university student with a clean history.” 
The voice emphasized the word “clean.” 
Matteo’s mind went blank in response. 
“What are you trying to tell me? What do you mean by ‘donated’? Is she dead?” 
“Yes. Didn’t you hear me the first time? I said that she has passed away. Are you satisfied now, Theo? Not only has she returned them to you, but that university student is also an acquaintance of yours. His name is Tobias Turner.” 
Once Samson had finished, he ended the call. 
When Matteo subsequently tried to call back, the number was no longer available. 
Frozen at his feet on the observation tower, Matteo racked his brains for the person named “Tobias.” Finally, he remembered that it belonged to one of his classmates at the police academy who had been chosen for their mission one year ago. 
During their training camp at Tilan Palace, he had expended a significant amount of strength to keep Tobias alive.
Unfortunately, by the time Lana rescued him from the bottom of the ocean, Tobias’ two kidneys had suffered irreparable damage due to his grievous injuries and from suffocating in the seawater for an extended duration. 
In the end… Is this karma? 
Matteo, with his fingers balling into fists, could feel something heavy weighing down on his heart, causing him to feel breathless. 
“Matt?” Natalie called out to him as she gave him a tug. 
One year older now, she, sensing something amiss, had come over to his side. 
After remaining silent for a long while, he lowered his eyes at Natalie before gradually kneeling down in front of her. 
“What’s wrong? Why are you crying?” 
“I’m not.” 
“Are your eyes hurting from the chill of the cold breeze? If they are, you should close them and let me rub them for you. After that, it won’t hurt anymore.” 
As the eight-year-old Natalie comforted Matteo with her tender voice, a tiny pair of hands was already stroking his beautiful eyes. 
Matteo’s eyelashes fluttered for an instant before he finally gave in and closed his eyes. 
When Natalie saw his reaction, she tilted her head in thought. All of a sudden, she leaned in and gave his eye a peck. 
When I was young, that was how Daddy kissed me. After that, the pain will go away.
###Chapter 1965
Chapter 1965
Chapter 1965 Hurt 
In the end, Matteo decided to visit Tobias, and was also updated on recent events by Lana, whom he hadn’t seen in a while. 
While leading him to the ward, Lana related, “He was indeed informed that a kidney donor was found. However, this is the first time I have heard that they were donated by Hugo’s daughter.” 
The injuries that Tobias suffered were very grave indeed. 
Back then, out of the five she had chosen from the academy, only Tobias and Matteo made the cut to be sent to Tilan Palace. 
In the end, no one had expected Hugo to be so cruel as to hire eight mercenaries and order them to fight to the death, with the goal of choosing the last man standing. 
As a result, Matteo, in order to complete his mission, had no choice but to kill everyone else and grievously hurt his fellow classmate. 
Fortunately, Lana had arrived at the nick of time to save Tobias. 
Back at the ward, Matteo arrived at the door with Lana. 
One year had passed since he last saw Tobias, who had gone through a kidney transplant. The latter, lying in bed in good spirits, broke into a smile at the sight of Matteo. 
“Theo, you’re here.” 
“Mmm-hmm.” 
Matteo nodded as he threw Tobias’ body a concerned glance, especially at the latter’s waist.
“How do you feel? Are they compatible?” 
“Huh?” 
His words stunned the other two in the ward. 
Compatible? What a strange question. If they weren’t, how could the transplant even be completed? 
When both of them gave Matteo a quizzical glance, they noticed that his gaze continued to be fixed on Tobias’ waist. It felt as if he could see through Tobias’ skin and look directly at the kidneys. 
As it was the hospital’s protocol to keep the donor’s identity a secret, Tobias had no idea where the kidneys came from. 
When the two of them came out a few minutes later, Lana brought up Rosalie. 
“Actually, Rosalie, who was long suffering from uremia and relied on kidney dialysis to survive, didn’t know that the kidneys she received belonged to your uncle. The entire encounter was probably just a bad coincidence.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. When we questioned Hugo, he wasn’t aware of the matter too. Moreover, he treated his daughter just like a pawn. Her mother was his first wife and also a member of the Southeast Astorian royal family. After her death, the only one who could maintain relations between the royal family and the Tilans was Rosalie.” 
When Lana provided a summary of Rosalie’s background, her voice was filled with pity and regret. 
Without a doubt, that girl was innocent. The only thing she did wrong was being born into the Tilan family, who raised her into an arrogant and wilful girl. But behind that spoilt character of hers, no one
knows how much she has suffered. 
Subsequently, Matteo headed home. 
“Where did you go today?” 
Matteo was surprised to run into Sebastian who was seldom at home at that hour. When Sebastian, who recognized the gloomy look on Matteo’s face, asked him about it, Matteo hesitated. 
“I… I went to see Captain Warlow, Daddy. I still want to be a police officer. Just like them, I can fight crime and uphold justice in every corner of the world,” Matteo, staring at Sebastian, pleaded with conviction. 
This was the third time he had appealed to his father about the matter. Ever since he returned, his family, especially his mother, had refused to discuss the matter due to their fear of losing him. 
Meanwhile, Sebastian’s swept his gaze across Matteo’s face before checking his height. It then dawned upon him that the twenty-year-old Matteo was now as tall as he was. 
In the end, he asked, “Have you thought through it?” 
Matteo nodded without reservation. “I have. Look, Ian and Susan are now engaged. Once they have graduated from Atlantius, they will likely join Hayes Corporation. 
“As for Kurt and Vivi, there’s even less need to worry about them. Upon graduation, they will return to Oceanic Estate to take care of you and Mom. Therefore, I’m in the best position to join the police force. Also, I want to become just like Grandpa and Uncle Devin. Daddy, isn’t that what you wish for me prior to this?”
Matteo looked sincerely at his father, his eyes filled with passion and determination. The look on his face made it hard for anyone to refuse him. 
Naturally, Sebastian agreed in the end but on one condition. 
Matteo was to give Natalie a call or send her a message every day. 
“Ever since Nat watched the video of her dad being harmed, she isn’t willing to talk to anyone else other than you. Even your mom has failed to get her to speak. Hence, I’m worried that she would turn into a second Ian if you leave,” Sebastian commented with his brows furrowed tightly. 
As Matteo’s eyes darkened at the words, a sense of anguish struck him momentarily. 
Back then, no one had expected the sudden turn of events, for Lana and Ian had made sure Brandon’s case had been entirely covered up. 
Subsequently, due to the perpetrator’s arrest, his subordinates sent Natalie, who was in school at that time, the video of how her father was humiliated and had his kidneys harvested. They probably had likely done so out of revenge.
###Chapter 1966
Chapter 1966
Chapter 1966 Guilt 
Subsequently, Nat was sent to the hospital and stayed there for a week. By the time she was discharged, she was no longer willing to speak. 
It wasn’t until Matteo’s rescue that she, at the sight of his grievous injuries, asked him, “Does it hurt?” From that day onward, he was the only one whom she was willing to talk to. 
After Sebastian walked away, Matteo went to school to personally pick up the children, in particular Natalie. He even made an effort to collect her at her classroom. “Natalie Emmanuel, your cousin is here!” 
Inside the empty classroom, the mute Natalie was indirectly neglected. After being arranged to sit in the last row, she cut a lonely figure waiting there. The pitiful sight of her was enough to tug at anyone’s heartstrings. 
While standing outside the classroom, Matteo saw Natalie turn around in delight at the teacher’s call. Her beautiful eyes were sparkling as brightly as the stars, eliciting a smile from his face. 
Soon, he was on his way out of school with the three children. Yoel asked, “Matt, is Vivi and the others still at home?” 
Nina was curious. “Why are you asking about them?” 
“She promised to take me to Warlock Church, where she’ll buy me desserts and toys. After all, my parents don’t allow me to eat them because they’re worried I’ll spoil my teeth.” 
Much to Matteo’s surprise, even such obedient children had their own frustrations to deal with. 
In response, Nina gave him a condescending look.
Observing the children through the rearview mirror, Matteo pursed his lips when he noticed Natalie, amidst the animated discussion between the other two, quietly fiddling with the silver whistle. 
“Don’t worry. If they have left, I’ll take you there. Nat, do you want to come along?” 
“Hmm?” 
Just as expected, Natalie was particularly sensitive to him. 
She was very similar to Ian back in the day, where he would block out whoever or whatever he resented. Furthermore, her condition seemed to be more serious than his. 
Matteo suggested, “Shall we visit Warlock Church? I’ll be taking you there.” 
Natalie agreed obediently, “Okay.” 
As she looked at him with her beautiful almond-shaped eyes, he could see the delight brimming in them. 
Matteo, briefly jolted by the sight, felt a stinging pain in his heart once he returned his attention to the front. 
Upon their arrival at Oceanic Estate twenty minutes later, Ian and the others were really gone. Ian had mentioned that he had an upcoming exam, while Vivian and Kurt joined him since they were heading the same way. 
That night, Matteo brought the three children out by himself. 
Warlock Church was indeed bustling with activity. He remembered enjoying himself a lot when his mother brought him and his siblings there during their childhood. 
Subsequently, Matteo led them to a lively street.
“If you see any food that you fancy, just let me know and I’ll get them for you.” 
“Thank you, Matt.” 
At the sight of the busy night market, Yoel and Nina’s eyes were already gleaming with excitement. Holding each other’s hands, they ran toward one of the shops selling snacks. 
Glancing at Natalie, whose hand he was holding, he asked, “Aren’t you going over?” 
Natalie didn’t reply. 
After a brief hesitation, she grabbed Matteo’s two fingers and pulled him toward the shop. 
Soon, the three children came out with bags filled with snacks. 
When someone familiar accompanied her, Natalie looked no different from an ordinary child. One would only realize that something was amiss after observing her for a long time and noticing that she didn’t speak. 
After spending the entire night having fun, Matteo finally took them home at nine when all of them were visibly tired. 
Nina inquired, “Are you leaving soon too?” 
Along the journey home, the sharp Nina, who was watching Matteo from the back seat, raised the sudden question, causing Matteo to be taken aback. 
“What makes you think so?” 
“The rest have already left. Besides, when you are being especially nice by taking us out, what else could it mean?” Nina insinuated.
Matteo was stunned by her words. 
I can’t deny how smart she is. But why do I detect a sense of unhappiness in her tone? Nina obviously sounded more upset than before their trip. 
Matteo sighed. “You’re right. I am leaving. Therefore, you will have to look out for the two of them.” 
Nina retorted, “Why? They’re not related to me at all.” 
Stumped, Matteo could feel the veins in his head throbbing in exasperation. 
Her sh*tty temper is just the same as her brother’s. 
Ignoring her, Matteo turned to check on Natalie, who didn’t seem to realize what was going on. At that moment, the latter was leaning on Yoel’s shoulder and dozing off. 
Matteo, with a wry smile on his face, simply shook his head in resignation. 
When the children woke up the next day, Matteo had already left. 
Sasha, who was worried that Natalie would be devastated if she didn’t see Matteo, hurried to the latter’s room before she woke up. 
“Nat, are you awake?” 
The moment the rays of the morning sun penetrated the windows and fell upon Natalie, who had just opened her eyes, Sasha was jolted by the image of her long-deceased friend flashing across her mind.
###Chapter 1967
Chapter 1967
Chapter 1967 All Grown Up 
With her dreamy eyes, Natalie stared at Sasha. “Nat, I want to let you know that Matt has gone back to school. Nevertheless, he has left you a note saying that once you get full marks in your exams, he will give you a video call.” 
Sasha then handed Natalie the note. Just as expected, Natalie’s face lost all color at the news until she saw what was written on the note. 
Matteo: Remember to work hard in school, as I, too, have gone back to class. Hence, both of us should do our best together. The message ended with a smiley face at the bottom. 
After folding the note back meticulously, she tucked it underneath her pillow. Even though Sasha was relieved by Natalie’s response, a bitter sensation still burned in her eye. 
All she could hope for was for time to heal all. With that, life at Oceanic Estate fell back into a lull. It wasn’t until the triplets graduated that their home was bustling with activity again. Back at Atlantius, the exams were right around the corner. 
While everyone was having a meal in the apartment, Vivian suddenly asked, “Ian, are you going back after graduation? I heard Uncle Solomon mention that Hayes Corporation is gradually increasing its investments in Southeast Astoria. Therefore, is he planning to send you there?” 
Truth be told, Ian was responsible for the expansion of the company not just in Southeast Astoria but also Chanaea. 
After all, Southeast Astoria was a region filled with business potential. Ever since the Tilans collapsed three years ago, Hayes Corporation, in its capacity as the largest business empire in Astoria, officially established its footprint in the region.
Since it was a matter of time before Ian was sent over, he admitted with a nod, “Mmm-hmm. Daddy, too, hopes for the same. Other than Hayes Corporation, Eternal Group under the Jadeson will also be there.” 
Vivian and Kurt were speechless. 
Other than Susan, everyone in the house, including Lotus the dog, was speechless by his answer. 
At the end of the day, Sebastian had created a business entity on behalf of the Jadesons, and that company was called Eternal Group. Nonetheless, it kept a low profile and never stole the limelight from Hayes Corporation. 
Ian laughed awkwardly. 
Kurt, turning his attention to the girl sitting beside him, suddenly asked, “In that case, do you want to go? If Eternal Group is established there, you can be by your brother’s side, while your production company will also benefit significantly.” 
In truth, now that she was twenty-three and had graduated, she was more of a woman than a girl. 
However, no sooner had he finished than Vivian widened her glistening eyes to glare at him. 
“Are you trying to get rid of me?” 
Kurt was rendered speechless. 
“Are you planning to go to Gronga? I’m well aware that the top construction company there, PCT Development, has sent you an offer. Are you annoyed that I’m standing in your way? Is that why you’re trying to get rid of me?” 
When the living room plunged into a deathly silence, Ian and Susan tactfully put down their cutlery.
After that, they grabbed a dog leash and a packet of dog treats respectively before taking Lotus for a walk. 
Given how terrifying it was whenever a woman was throwing a tantrum, both of them offered Kurt their condolences in their hearts. 
Upon reaching the ground floor, Ian was startled by the sound of something smashing onto the ground from upstairs. 
Susan asked, “Are you sure we don’t need to talk to them? We might have to buy a whole new set of plates as a result.” 
“Why should we? It’s not like we’re going to continue staying there. Come on, let’s get Lotus’ documents in order. Otherwise, we might not be able to take it with us.” 
“Sure.” 
Susan’s lips curled underneath the dim yellow light of the street lamp. 
After fastening the leash on Lotus, she, with Ian holding her hand, led the dog as both of them strolled around their neighborhood. 
Back in the apartment, Kurt was feeling aggrieved, as he never had the intention of going to PCT Development. That aside, what baffled him the most was Vivian’s increasingly irritable temperament. 
When Kurt woke up the next morning, he noticed a swelling on the corner of his eye, which was the result of a cut from one of yesterday’s broken shards. 
Just when he was about to head into the bathroom to deal with it so as to avoid any curious questions, he heard a knock on the door.
“Come in,” he answered in delight, thinking that it was Vivian. 
In the end, the one who walked in when he opened the door was his sharply dressed brother-in-law. 
“What are you…” 
“We’re about to leave. What happened to your eye?” Ian, who had come by to bid farewell, was briefly stunned by the bruise on Kurt’s face. 
“Did she really hit you?” 
“No, I cut myself from a stray piece of glass. Why are you leaving so quickly? Aren’t you still waiting for your certificate?” 
“Uncle Solomon called to inform me that there has been some trouble. Since the person in charge has failed to quell it, and he’s unable to leave, he decided to send me instead,” Ian explained briefly. 
Obviously, there was a complicated look in his eye as he stared at the wound on Kurt’s face. 
“I’ve noticed that she’s been out of sorts lately. What happened to the both of you?” he asked with a grim look on his face. 
Kurt said nothing, as there was fundamentally no problem at all. It was just that Vivian had reached the stage where she was forced to make a choice between her relationship and career.
###Chapter 1968
Chapter 1968
Chapter 1968 Is It Normal 
That woman… actually dominated the media industry in three years. In addition to setting up a production company while still studying, she also directed two movies where she won awards for her prop and costume designs. That, in turn, meant that her career would skyrocket. 
Unfortunately, it was obvious that Kurt didn’t belong there. It was a city of architectural marvels, after all, so the local authorities wouldn’t further develop the place or tear any buildings down. That meant that as a recently graduated architect, Kurt had no way of building his career there. 
The truth was that he graduated ages ago. When he was sixteen, he was sent to study there. Vivian, however, was still at the Royal Academy. He stayed behind for a year just to be with her, and now countless top construction companies were trying to recruit him. 
If he were to leave and pursue his dreams, the love of his life would have to make a tough choice. “It’s fine. You should just go ahead. I will deal with the matter,” said Kurt to offer some comfort and to send them off. 
Ian couldn’t come up with a solution, so he had no choice but to grab his luggage and left the place with Susan. Still, he called his baby sister when he reached the airport. “Hi, Ian.” 
“Hey, so I’m leaving with Susan now, and you and Kurt will be alone here. Stop being unreasonable, okay? He already pushed his career back by a year for you, so try to see things from his point of view, okay?” 
Ian was trying to teach his baby sister a lesson at the time. 
Vivian was already in a foul mood because she just had an argument. Hearing what her brother said on the other end of the line made her scowl even more.
“I never asked him to wait.” 
“Vivi!” said Ian sternly. He looked a little angry when he heard what Vivian said. “Don’t be mean. Just talk nicely to him and don’t assume you can get away with everything just because he loves you. Your career is important, but so is his.” 
Ian was a little harsh when he scolded her because he wanted to her to wake up and see the bigger picture. 
Kurt had always been the one making sacrifices for the relationship. While it was true that Vivian only attended that particular school for Kurt’s sake, it was undeniable that his entire life had always circled around her. 
He went to Yartran when he was ten and returned to SteelFort when he was twelve. 
After that, he stayed in Clearwater for four years just to secretly protect her. He had been traveling back and forth between Yartran and Clearwater just to keep her safe. 
He did all that for her from behind the scene. Even now, if Vivian had asked Kurt not to leave, Ian was certain that Kurt would stay. 
Unfortunately, that would mean that Vivian would never learn just how talented Kurt was. 
Ian hung up the phone after that. 
Susan asked, “What did Vivian say? Will she talk to Kurt about this?” 
Ian grumbled, “I don’t know. That idiot has spoiled her for too many years, and it seems she has turned selfish.” 
He was still a little frustrated with his baby sister at the time.
Susan saw how angry he was, so she quickly cooed, “Don’t be so harsh on her. She is simply reluctant to let go of her career. It’s reasonable, isn’t it? She’s doing great, so it’s only natural that she’d struggle with that decision.” 
“Then they can just get into a long-distance relationship. It’s been years, so it’s not as though they are still in the honeymoon period. Shouldn’t they be sick of each other’s faces, anyway?” 
Susan was a little surprised. She couldn’t believe that Ian got even more upset and said something like that. 
She stopped short and turned to look at him. At that moment, she was so tempted to demand an explanation of what they were doing. What does that mean? He’s heading to Southeast Astoria, and I am tagging along. Is this too much? Is he sick of my face? 
She looked away while dragging their luggage along. The two of them didn’t say another word even after they boarded the plane. 
At the apartment… 
Kurt treated his injuries, then went to the supermarket to buy some groceries. 
That was his routine for the past year. He would design wallpapers now and then, but most of his time was spent taking care of Vivian. Hence, cooking every meal became an essential part of his life. 
He came home with the groceries and cooked everything, but Vivian was still nowhere to be seen. 
What’s going on? Could it be… She’s still mad at me? 
Kurt got a little worried. He put everything aside, walked out of the kitchen, and grabbed his phone to make the call.
“Hello? Vivi?” 
“What?” 
As suspected, the woman from the other side of the line sounded annoyed, and her tone carried a hint of sorrow. 
Kurt heard the pain in her voice, so he quickly asked, “Where are you? Why aren’t you home yet? I cooked for you.” 
Vivian replied, “I’m not hungry. Just eat without me.” 
She replied in a depressed tone and was going to hang up right away. 
That scared Kurt out of his mind. 
“Listen to me, Vivi. What happened last night is my fault, and I’m sorry, so please don’t be mad anymore. I won’t leave. I’ll stay right here with you, and you don’t need to worry about anything.” 
“Kurt… Maybe we should stay apart for now. My brother is right. I have been too selfish. You should go to Gronga and get your career going. After that…” Beep! Beep! 
The line went dead all of a sudden. 
All Vivian heard was her phone humming, so she checked her phone and was stunned for quite some time. 
Why did he hang up? Did I say something bad again? 
Vivian became even more upset. It got to the point where she even got disinterested in the video she was editing.
One of her colleagues saw what was up with her and asked, “What’s wrong? Did you get into another fight with your boyfriend?”
###Chapter 1969
Chapter 1969
Chapter 1969 Protecting You Is My Mission 
The two colleagues were close because they hung out often and knew each other rather well. Vivian, who had been slouching, nodded when she heard that question. “Yeah, he’s leaving.” “Leaving? Where is he going? Why isn’t he staying here with you?” 
For the longest time, Vivian couldn’t answer. See? That is what everybody assumed would happen, so why am I not allowed to have those same thoughts? Isn’t it normal for me to want to build my career and have him here with me all the time? 
Vivian tilted her head back down. Sadly, she replied, “He’s going to Gronga because the people there have been waiting for him to clock in for a while now.” “Huh?” 
Suddenly, the light glowing in Vivian’s colleague’s eyes changed. He became more understanding. “I guess that makes sense. Your boyfriend is the top student who graduated in architecture last year and is the prized student of his professors here. I heard that he recently got his Masters as well, so I guess you really shouldn’t stand in his way.” 
“I’m standing in his way?” “No, no. Sorry. That was a poor choice of words. What I meant is that it would be a waste to keep his talents hidden. If he were to build a career, he would likely overtake Mikaela Weasley.” 
Mikaela Weasley was the most famous architect in the world. Vivian was stunned. She stared numbly at her colleague and couldn’t speak for quite some time. 
Twenty minutes later, Kurt showed up right in front of her. He was like a tornado and come to her in a blink of an eye. He didn’t even say a word before he held her wrist. “Kurt?”
Vivian was scared. She stared blankly at the guy with bloodshot eyes, and her mind turned numb. He was terrifying at the time, and she had never seen that side of him before. 
“Come here with me. I need to talk to you about something,” said Kurt. He had tried his best to calm himself down to prevent scaring her. 
Unfortunately, even as he was holding her, his hand was still trembling. He also had to work especially hard to keep his tone even. Vivian had no choice but to follow him along. 
Bang! As soon as they left the place, Kurt led her to a rather secluded area and pushed her against the wall. He was much taller than she was, so his shadow towered over her and engulfed her. 
“What did you mean earlier when you said, via the phone, that we should stay apart for now?” asked Kurt in a coarse voice. His lips were so pale that they scared her. 
Vivian swallowed hard. She had never seen him like that before, so for a moment there, she couldn’t think. She couldn’t handle the stress. 
“I-I don’t really mean anything by it. It’s just… Didn’t you say that you want to go to Gronga? I’ve thought about it, and you should go. You can build your career there.” “And?” 
“A-And once your career has gained traction, we can get back together.” The pressure Kurt put on Vivian was too heavy, so she couldn’t do much except answer fearfully and truthfully. 
Fortunately, he seemed to have eased up after hearing what she said. The scary aura he exuded slowly faded as well. “Have you forgotten who I really am?” 
“Huh?” Vivian blinked her big, round eyes in confusion because she was still reeling in her emotions. She couldn’t understand what he was saying at all.
Kurt replied, “I am your guardian. Your dad saved me all those years ago and took me to SteelFort. That means that my only mission in life is to protect you.” 
Vivian couldn’t speak. For the longest time, Vivian was in a daze, and all she could do was stare at the young man who was two years younger than she was. 
Her heart, however, was thumping wildly with passion. The second she heard those words, she felt as though something had filled her mind and soul. 
There was nothing more touching than a heartfelt confession from the man she loved. That was something Vivian was certain of. 
The man she fell in love with had never said anything corny because he was cool and was a man of few words. Whenever he wanted to show how much he loved her, he would do something for her. It was almost impossible to get him to say anything sweet. 
Yet, at that moment, he had declared that his mission in life was to keep her safe for all eternity… 
Vivian got teary. 
“I don’t need you to protect me. You are not a man my dad hired. You are the man I love, and we are equals, so you should go to Gronga.” 
“But…” 
“I’ll go with you.” 
Vivian caressed Kurt’s handsome face, which had turned pale once more, then tiptoed to plant a kiss on his soft lips. 
Kurt was surprised.
The tall, muscular man was stunned in place for a moment before he shifted his gaze to the young woman who was kissing him. His mind turned blank immediately. 
That was their first kiss. 
The two of them had dated for years, but he had always seen her as the most precious treasure in the world. Not once had he ever crossed the line or let his lust get hold of him. At most, he would kiss her forehead softly. 
He never thought that things would unfold that way. 
Kurt lost his hearing because all of his blood had flushed to his brain, and all he could see was the woman who had tiptoed and was kissing him. 
Mmm… 
Passion filled Kurt’s gaze, and the young, virile man finally reacted to the kiss. He reached out and pulled that little minx into his arms, then held her tightly before kissing her back even more passionately. 
Vivian didn’t say anything, but… 
Huh? What am I doing? Ah! What have I done? 
Vivian felt as though an explosion had gone off in her mind, causing an endless humming in it. 
No one knew how much time had passed, but Vivian was on the verge of passing out from being out of breath when someone finally showed up. Kurt had no choice but to let Vivian go then.
###Chapter 1970
Chapter 1970
Chapter 1970 Someone Is After Her boyfriend 
Blushing hard, Vivian pushed him aside. It didn’t take long before the two of them left the school’s premises. They didn’t go on a date or anything, though. Instead, they went to the production company Vivian founded because she recently received a new script and needed to discuss the matter with the other managers. 
Kurt drove steadily to the office. Vivian said, “The script involved is a documentary that highlights rural traditions all around the world, so it will be more challenging.” “Traditions?” 
Kurt turned to her. “Does that mean you’ll have to travel to shoot the video?” 
“If everything goes smoothly, then probably. The industry had never done something similar before, so I think I will come up with some events and competitions for everyone to bond in. That way, we can add a modern twist to the show, then broadcast it over several episodes. My guess is that it will be rather incredible,” said Vivian with a hopeful smile on her as she read through the content. 
She was undeniably talented. It was just an ordinary documentary, but she managed to find a way to turn it into a highly profitable project. If her dad was there, he would certainly compliment her on it. 
Kurt, however, frowned deeply after hearing that plan. 
If the footage had to be shot in different locations all over the world, then that meant Vivian wouldn’t be staying put in one place. She would have to travel the world as well. She will travel to foreign, faraway countries all by herself… 
The thought of it soured Kurt’s mood, which had just gotten better. 
It was as he guessed. When they reached the office, Vivian led her team into the conference room to discuss the matter. Kurt waited for about two hours, but she was still occupied.
I guess their discussion is getting heated. Kurt got up. He was going to head out to get some fresh air. “Huh? Mr. Lopez, are you leaving? Is something wrong?” 
An assistant working in Vivian’s office bumped into him when he left the room, so she asked in a concerned tone. Kurt glanced at her. 
“Nothing is wrong. I’m just heading out for some fresh air.” 
“I see. It’s because Ms. Hayes’ meeting ran long again, isn’t it? It’s fine. A cafe was recently opened in the mall located right next door. Would you like to go for a cup of coffee? I can keep you company.” 
Even as an assistant, she was too nice to her boss’ boyfriend. 
Kurt hadn’t even replied before someone from the administration department mercilessly dissed, “That doesn’t sound right, Amy. Why would Mr. Lopez need your company to go get coffee?” 
“Uh…” 
“Besides, you’re the boss’ assistant, so shouldn’t you go to that cafe and buy Mr. Lopez a cup? Why would you make him walk with you?” 
Those words hit the bull’s eye. Amy blushed red immediately. She didn’t even have the guts to say another word before she kept her head down and left. Kurt was speechless. 
“Mr. Lopez, what kind of beverage would you like? I’ll go buy it for you. I’m sure Ms. Hayes’ meeting will end soon. Please be patient just a little longer.” 
The person who chased the assistant away hurried to Kurt’s side and asked him to wait a little longer. He even offered to buy him some refreshments.
Vivian truly is amazing. She founded an incredible company, and these people… they might be her employees on paper, but they love her and protect her. 
Kurt smiled. “There’s no need for that. I am simply stepping out to make a call. Please proceed with your work and just ignore me.” 
“Ah, I see. Okay, then I’ll get back to my desk. If you need anything at all, please let me know,” said the manager from the administration department before chuckling and leaving. 
I need to keep an eye out. It’s obvious that the boss and her boyfriend have been arguing. She has always been cheery, but she clocked in lately with a scowl on her face. The boyfriend who had always followed her around was nowhere to be seen as well. 
Those were the common thoughts that everyone in the office had. That was also why Amy, the malicious assistant from earlier, tried to get in between them and cause trouble. 
The manager returned to his desk soon after. Kurt made his way to the exit as well. He fished his phone out of his pocket because someone had actually been calling him. “Hello?” 
“Hello, Mr. Lopez. Are you free now? Ms. Mikaela Weasley is here in Atlantius, so would you mind dropping by and talking to her?” 
No one could’ve imagined it, but the call actually came from the best construction company in the world, PCT Development. The Ms. Mikaela Weasley mentioned was one of the best architects out there. 
Kurt was stunned in place. “She is here?” 
“Yes. She truly admires your work and was pleasantly surprised when she collaborated with you on the museum project in Gronga. Hence, she specifically came here to discuss the matter in detail with you.
Please grant her this wish.” 
The most famous architect in the world had used the word “please” and referred to the meeting as a wish. All that showed just how much she wanted to work with him. 
Unfortunately, Kurt heard some noise from the conference room and guessed that the meeting was ending, so he turned her down. 
“I am so sorry. Please thank Ms. Weasley for extending the invitation, but I won’t be able to make it. Goodbye.” Kurt hung up soon after. He turned around and entered the office.
###Chapter 1971
Chapter 1971
Chapter 1971 That Unfilial Son 
The person on the other end of the line hung up, then turned to the elderly woman with grey hair. The woman was waiting patiently to hear what Kurt’s response was, but all she got in return was her employee shaking his head. 
That evening, Vivian left the office after busying away all day. “Kurt, I’ve accepted the case.” “Okay.” 
Kurt, who had been driving, had already anticipated that response, so he was calm when he murmured a reply. Vivian sat beside him and stared. “So I will be flying all over the world soon.” 
Kurt replied, “I’ll travel with you.” One simple sentence was all it took to stun Vivian in place and render her speechless. He’ll go with me? And travel all around the world while I work? 
Vivian sighed. She looked away and turned her attention to the road ahead before gripping the safety belt she had on. She struggled for a bit before she finally said, “Kurt, I don’t need you to do that for me.” “Huh?” 
Kurt hit the brakes and got the car to stop short right in the middle of the road. It scared Vivian so much that she turned pale. 
“D-Don’t panic. I wasn’t implying anything. I just wanted to let you know that I am a big girl now. An adult like me can handle traveling on my own and taking care of myself. 
“Also, you can’t just stay by my side at all times. You should build a career and pursue your dreams, too. Kurt, I need you to protect me, but not as a bodyguard. I want you to protect me as a man and a… husband.” 
Vivian blushed so hard that her face was burning when she said that last word. Kurt looked at her. Still stunned, he murmured, “H-Husband?”
Vivian nodded. “Yes, a husband. Kurt, have you ever thought about earning that title? You are an incredible man, Kurt, and you are so smart. Have you ever thought about having a grand wedding ceremony and telling the world how much we love each other? Don’t you want to prove to my brothers that I made the right choice when I chose you?” 
Oh, she is good. She even got her brothers involved just to convince me. Kurt couldn’t say a word. 
No one knew it, but he was secretly envious of the engagement party from three years ago. He also felt terrible because he couldn’t afford a grand ceremony like that, even though Vivian would definitely love it. It was undeniable that her parents would pay for everything if he asked, but he couldn’t bring himself to do so. He was the man, after all. 
In the end, Kurt got lost in his own thoughts. That night, they returned to their apartment. It was late. Kurt glanced at the sleeping woman in the bedroom before grabbing his phone and heading to the balcony. Kurt: There? 
Karl: ? What the hell is that? He never gets in touch with me, so why is he sending me a message in the middle of the night now? Geez, is he trying to creep the hell out of me? 
Karl was at SteelFort at the time and was monitoring Xayden as the latter designed a new type of explosive. Kurt’s sudden and infuriatingly short message got Karl to reply with nothing more than a question mark. 
Soon, a new message popped up. Kurt: I want to get a job. Can I? 
Karl: Huh? You’re finally getting a job? What kind of work will it be? Will it be tiring? How much will they pay you for it? Tell me everything. 
Within a second, Karl sat up with excitement and sent Kurt dozens of questions. It was almost as if a father was excited and was nagging at his son. Kurt: Manager at PCT. Karl didn’t reply after that.
He stared at the words for quite some time, but he still couldn’t make heads or tails of what was going on. That made him shout toward the lab. “Oy, Xayden. What is PCT?” 
“Huh?” 
Xayden, who was busy working, turned around when he heard that. Karl replied, “That punk, Kurt, said he got a job working for some company called PCT. What is that?” 
Xayden was speechless. The guy with the thick goggles on stood there for a few seconds before replying, “That’s the best construction company in the world. The company was responsible for the construction of the five-mile-long bridge.” 
“Holy sh*t!” Those were the only words that flew out of Karl. He was beaming with pride. 
Karl: Oh my gosh, you finally grew up, you punk! You’re going to go work at such an amazing company. It’s so great. Go clock in as soon as possible and remember this. Send me some money every month. 
Kurt: ? 
Karl: What? I spent a small fortune raising you little rascals! Let me share a secret with you. Steelfort hadn’t raised a salaryman in decades. Everyone we raised turned out to be freeloaders, and I am always so embarrassed whenever I have to ask the boss for money. 
Kurt was speechless. 
He didn’t bother replying before crushing his phone in half. 
On the other side, Karl jumped in frustration. 
“What the hell was that? He actually stopped replying to me. Does that mean he refuses to send me the money?”
“Oh, puh-lease. You’ve already taken all of my money, so what more could you want?” complained Xayden. He wouldn’t have dissed that hard and been that angry if he hadn’t heard anything. Now that he heard it, his anger bubbled up once more. 
Karl didn’t refute. 
D*mn it. I got myself into this trouble. 
When Kurt woke up the following morning, he realized that Vivian had already left. 
Sitting on the dining table was a note that told him when and where to meet Mikaela. 
As he stared at that piece of paper, his lips instinctively curled up.
###Chapter 1972
Chapter 1972
Chapter 1972 Marry Me 
On that day itself, Kurt went to meet Mikaela and confirmed their collaboration. After the news went out, Vivian brought all of them to their all-time favorite restaurant to dine. A little while later, she announced the good news in the chat group. 
Matteo: Wow! That is great news! Kurt really is the man! Ian: Couldn’t agree with you more. 
Susan: Kurt has always been amazing. He has worked together with this company on the museum project. His capabilities are not to be questioned. 
Vivian: That’s only natural. He is my Kurt, after all. Seeing her blatant assertation of dominance, Kurt, who was right beside her, flushed crimson. Nonetheless, he did not show himself in the chat group, as if in anticipation of something. 
After half an hour, just when they were almost done with their dinner and it was time for their after- dinner stroll, it was also almost dinner time back in Kurt’s home country. Finally, an elder of the family showed up in the group chat. 
Devin: Well done, Kurt! You’ve landed such a great job. 
Sabrina: Oh, that’s hardly his only achievement. PCT Development is the top construction company in the world, and an average Joe can never set foot in this company. Kurt’s presence has even warranted the welcome of Mikaela herself. Kurt, I am so impressed. 
Sabrina was her usual out-spoken self. Kurt felt the need to show himself and express his gratitude after seeing her congratulatory message. 
Kurt: You’re exaggerating, Aunt Sabrina. My achievements would not have been possible without your guidance.
Sabrina: It has nothing to do with me. It’s your mighty brain at work. Speaking of which, I’d like to give Jeffrey a good beating. Where is he? Devin was rendered speechless. It was obvious to see that the couple was as lively as always. 
Not long after, Sasha, who was just done with her chores, logged into the chat group as well. Like the others, she was thrilled to hear the news. 
Sasha: Is that true? Kurt, have you confirmed the news? 
Kurt: Yes, Aunt Wand. I’ve confirmed it. 
This time, he replied much faster. 
Sasha was over the moon when she saw his message. 
Sasha: That’s great! I was just discussing with your Uncle Sebastian the other day about how you have yet to find a job after your graduation. We were discussing if there was a need to introduce you to some of the jobs available. It’s so great that you’ve landed such a great job in such a short time. 
Vivian: Mommy, what do you mean by yet to find a job? Kurt is accompanying me because I haven’t graduated. 
Sasha: Oh, is that so? 
Susan: Yes, I can vouch for that. 
Both women had voiced out for him, making Kurt blush in embarrassment. 
Nevertheless, Sasha was overjoyed. 
Sasha: Ah, so that’s why. Kurt, it’s been hard on you then. Now that Vivian’s graduated and you’ve found a good job, do let us know when the two of you feel that you’re ready to get married. Maybe after
you both have worked for several years? 
Both Vivian and Kurt were rendered speechless. 
The two of them exchanged glances with each other before their faces flushed crimson. 
The notion of marriage still seemed very much further down the road for the two of them. 
The group chat ended in a jubilant tone. Kurt put his smartphone aside and was disappointed that the one person he wanted to chat with was not online. 
After all, there was only one person who could motivate him to strive for his goals. 
After taking a bath, he and Vivian rested early as everyone had their own business to tend to the next day. Unbeknownst to him, he had missed the email that pinged in his mailbox after he had fallen asleep. 
The email was attached with the most comprehensive information on construction companies, and some of the books attached were limited edition copies. 
The sender was none other than Sebastian. 
Both Kurt and Vivian enjoyed a good night’s sleep. 
The next day, Kurt sent Vivian to the production company first. He stayed on and watched as she allocated tasks for the crew before sending her to the airport, where he planted a deep kiss on her lips. 
“Remember to call me and let me know where you are every day over there, all right?” 
Kurt was reluctant to part with the sweet scent of the woman in his arms.
Vivian’s legs turned to jelly as she drowned in Kurt’s fervent kiss. 
The passionate lovers were reluctant to let go of each other. She leaned against his embrace, her cheeks tinged pink with passion as she said, “You have to let me know what you’re doing here, too.” 
“Sure. Feel free to check in on me anytime.” 
“W-Why would I want to do that? I’m not that petty,” she retorted with beet-red cheeks. 
Kurt smiled. 
Truth be told, he wished that she was petty enough to check on him every day. He reckoned he would rather enjoy it. 
Kurt sent her off to board the plane. When the last trace of her silhouette was out of sight, he felt inexplicably hollow inside despite him having mentally prepared for this moment. After all, both of them had never been apart all these years, and no mental preparation was enough for Kurt to brace this emptiness he felt in his heart. 
It was unlike anything he had ever felt. 
Ding! 
When the plane took off, his smartphone pinged with a notification. 
He took out his phone and recognized the familiar profile picture that sent him a message. 
Vivian: Promise me that you won’t get upset, all right? Both of us have to work hard from now on. Remember our promise that we’ll get married once you’re of age and when you’ve earned enough money to ask for my hand from my father.
Her tone was casual, but the words weighed down hard on Kurt. He lifted his head to look at the plane that took off above his head. At that moment, he could no longer hold his tears in. 
“Okay,” he mumbled.
###Chapter 1973
Chapter 1973
Chapter 1973 Distance 
Meanwhile, at Southeast Astoria, Ian and Susan had arrived at the branch company of Hayes Corporation. The riot there had escalated to an even serious level. 
“Mr. Hayes, you’re finally here! We have been waiting for you to help us rectify this mess.” The branch company’s person in charge almost cried at the sight of Ian and Susan. 
Ian found out that the Hayes Corporation branch at Southeast Astoria was facing the predicament whereby the place was previously under the Tilans’ reign, and they had been known to participate in illicit businesses such as casinos, nightclubs, and smuggling activities. 
To summarize, all their operations were illegal. For example, it was not that Hayes Corporation could not operate casinos. However, the Tilans would enable the underground organizations here to cheat the patrons and allow loan sharks to lend money to the gamblers at an exorbitant interest rate. 
They were doing everything that Hayes Corporation would never do. 
A Hayes Corporation casino would let the luck of the patrons decide their fate. 
As a result, their policy had affected the interests of some of the stakeholders involved, which were locals whose influence was entrenched in the region for many years, and they would not let their wrath go unaccounted for. 
Ian dared not squander another second and headed into the meeting room right away after listening to the brief report. 
Susan could only head to the office, clutching the luggage that they brought along. 
“Ms. Limmer, you must be famished. Would you like me to bring you around for food?”
An assistant at the general manager’s office noticed the weary look on Susan’s face and offered to take her around for some food. 
Susan hesitated for a moment. 
Ian, who had headed to the meeting room, would surely have no time to spare for lunch. Hence, she was the only one who could make sure that he did not skip a meal. 
As such, Susan decided to go along with the assistant. 
“Ms. Limmer, are you Mr. Hayes’ secretary? Are you going to stay here with him this time?” 
The young female assistant asked carefully after eyeing Susan for a moment. 
The engagement between the Limmers and the Jadesons was quite a dazzling event, and it had managed to garner quite a bit of attention back then. However, it had been three years since. Susan knew that she had inevitably aged since the event three years ago. 
Besides, she had attended the event in full glamor back then, and she was bare-faced now. Hence, it was natural that the young assistant did not seem to recognize her. 
However, Susan did not care to explain further and simply nodded. “Yes, I’m here to accompany him.” 
The young assistant then continued, “You must have accompanied Mr. Hayes for a long time then. We are really glad, actually. To be frank, our general manager has been racking his brain trying to figure out who he should appoint as Mr. Hayes’ secretary when Mr. Hayes has expressed the intention to come here.” 
“Is that so?”
“Yes. Everyone was thrilled to sign up, of course. However, they had their concerns as well. After all, we did not know what kind of a superior Mr. Hayes would be. We heard that he was quite ruthless back in Yartran,” the young assistant lamented and let out a sigh. 
Susan did not comment on it. 
She was not actually there as Ian’s secretary. She had attained the title of a senior accountant. All these years, she had been a director of the Finance Department at Atlantius. 
Hence, she was there to audit the accounts of the Finance Department of the branch company. 
In the end, Susan decided against explaining everything to the young assistant that she had just met. She followed the young assistant to the restaurant and packed some food back to the office. 
The meeting finally came to an end at about nine o’clock at night. 
Susan had fallen asleep in the office as she had been too tired from the long day. 
“You’re finally done with the meeting? Are you hungry? The food has gone cold, I’m afraid.” Susan opened her eyes when she heard some noise. She sprung up from her seat right away after noticing that it was Ian. 
The man waved his hand and signaled for her to stay right where she was. 
“Why didn’t you head back to the hotel for a rest? Didn’t I ask Melvin to pass on the message?” 
Ian felt his heart wrench at the sight of the weary woman before him. 
However, some part of him already knew that Susan would not head back even if he had explicitly told her to do so.
Susan rose from her seat and poured him a glass of warm water. Then, she warmed the food in the microwave. 
The food had long gone cold. 
Fortunately, when the two of them were working back in Yartran, Ian had changed his picky eating habits. Now, he would at least take a bite or two, provided that the food was not too deplorable. 
Susan stayed by his side. 
“You didn’t eat, too?” Ian asked. 
“I fell asleep and forgot to eat. Anyway, hurry up and eat. We can go back to take a rest before coming back tomorrow,” she said casually as she started to dig in. 
Ian did not give it much thought and ate together with her. 
Soon, they finished the food. Just then, Melvin Ginn, the person in charge of the Southeast Astoria branch, entered the room. He was waiting for Ian’s further instruction after they were done with the meeting. 
Susan furrowed her brows. 
Why is he hounding Ian? How did he get appointed to head the branch here? Didn’t Uncle Solomon run a background check on his capability before assigning him here? 
“Mr. Hayes, what should our next step be tomorrow?” Melvin asked. 
“You may invite the police over here first. I will talk to them first thing in the morning,” Ian stated. 
Melvin was overjoyed upon hearing that.
###Chapter 1974
Chapter 1974
Chapter 1974 Bullied 
Shortly after, Ian and Susan left the company and were sent to the hotel. “Are you tired?” Susan asked concernedly. 
On their way there, she noticed Ian had shut his eyes and was furrowing his brows, leaning against the back of the chair as they sat inside the car. She had seen him in that manner when they were at Yartran in the past. 
At that time, the company faced a lot of issues when it was just established. Ian would experience such a condition when too many thoughts occupied his mind, and he could not take a break from being mentally exhausted. 
Back then, Susan would always help relieve his condition whenever he wore that agonized expression. However, perhaps it was due to the driver’s presence in the front seat, Ian shook his head despite the apparent fatigued look on his face. 
“I’m fine. What plan do you have in mind? Did you visit the Finance Department today?” 
“I did. There aren’t any issues with the company’s accounts. Nevertheless, the company is not doing well financially because we have been in the red these few months.” 
Susan recollected herself and began seriously discussing work. 
Upon hearing that, Ian merely grunted in response. 
“I expected this to happen because of those local tyrants’ influence. A war will be inevitable and we’ll need to prepare for it at once. You’ll begin work at the Finance Department tomorrow. The first thing to do is to tidy up the accounts there.”
Susan remained silent in the car for a long while before finally agreeing, “Okay…” 
An uneventful night ensued. 
The following day, when Susan woke up, she walked out of her room and noticed the room beside hers was already empty. She made a phone call and was informed that Ian had gone to the company. 
She trudged toward the bathroom in her slippers after she was made aware of Ian’s whereabouts. 
Twenty minutes later, she exited the house as well. 
“Ms. Limmer, you’re here. I heard you’ll become the head of the Finance Department from now on. I’ve already vacated and cleaned your office. I’ll bring you there now.” 
“Okay. Thank you.” 
Taking in the friendly demeanor of the Finance Department staff, Susan smiled politely in response before following the staff to her office. 
From that day onward, Susan became an official member of the Finance Department. 
As for the president’s office, Susan heard the new vice-president acquired a secretary shortly afterward. The secretary was none other than the young female assistant who accompanied Susan to buy food yesterday. 
“Juniper is so amazing. So many people competed for that position. Unexpectedly, she secured the job.” 
“That’s right. But I guess she has an advantage since she worked under Mr. Ginn previously. Now that Mr. Hayes is here, it’s only natural that she’d be promoted to be Mr. Hayes’ secretary.” 
“You do have a point.”
Everyone in the company was discussing that matter. 
Susan merely ignored their gossiping. 
However, she called Ian’s office when it was almost time to go off work. 
“Hello?” 
“Hello, I’m Ms. Limmer. Please help inform Mr. Hayes that I am having a meal with him later.” Hearing the familiar voice, Susan tried her best to suppress the discomfort in her chest as she spoke nonchalantly on the phone. 
To Susan’s surprise, the female secretary, Juniper Xaynes, directly turned her down after listening to her request. 
“Oh, it’s you, Ms. Limmer. That’s not needed. I’ve already ordered food for Mr. Hayes. He’s very busy now, so he doesn’t have the time to have his meal outside. Ms. Limmer, why don’t you eat by yourself instead?” 
Susan was rendered speechless. 
“Ah, I suppose you’re not familiar with this place since you’re new here. Do you want me to order a meal for you, too?” 
Susan could not believe Juniper even began showing concern for her, which prompted her to hang up the call. 
Susan always had a mild temperament. As such, she didn’t really mind what just transpired. After exiting the Finance Department’s office, she was planning to head upstairs to look for Ian. However, at that moment, a colleague working in the same department as her walked over.
“Ms. Limmer, let me show you where to eat. Since you just came here, I suppose you’re unfamiliar with the surroundings. I’ll bring you to try the delicacies around here.” 
That colleague was a veteran employee at the department. Her name was Aubrey Cobbett. 
In the end, Susan tagged along with Aubrey to have her meal. She had always been someone with good manners and a collected personality. She would never take action unless the situation progressed to the worst stage. 
In the afternoon, Susan stayed quietly inside her office and focused on her work. 
The only disturbance that occurred during that day was when a group of police visited. They did not have a pleasant discussion with Ian upstairs. At one point, the group of police even started to threaten Hayes Corporation. 
After hearing about that matter, Susan got up and walked out of her office. 
“Ms. Limmer, where are you going?” 
“I’m going upstairs.” 
She did not feel like explaining herself to the others in the Finance Department, so she strode away without saying another word. 
Soon, she arrived at the top floor by taking the elevator. 
The scene was as she heard. Before Susan even entered the president’s office, she could see many fully armed police officers standing outside, despite the building being Hayes Corporation. 
It was as if the police officers were not there to discuss a collaboration and were there to arrest someone instead.
Susan’s delicate face turned grim. She headed straight to the president’s office after stepping out of the elevator. 
“Why are you here, Ms. Limmer? Mr. Hayes is having a meeting with their superior at the moment. You can’t just enter and interrupt them.” 
Susan was amused because just as she approached the president’s office, Juniper immediately moved forward to stop her.
###Chapter 1975
Chapter 1975
Chapter 1975 My Wife 
Hah! I can’t believe she has the audacity to stop me from entering! Upon shooting Juniper a death stare, Susan said nothing and simply pushed the young female secretary aside. Then, she strutted into the office with swelling pride. 
“Hubby, do you need help? Before coming here, Daddy has given me the contacts of our military base over here. If you need it, I can give them a call right away.” 
The woman who appeared at the office like a bolt from the blue had everyone’s eyes fixated on her. One of her arms was hung mid-air with an unlocked phone screen, whereas her almond-shaped eyes lit up when she saw her man. 
Instantly, there was pin-drop silence at the office. The atmosphere grew so tense that a knife could cut it. Hubby? And… Daddy? 
Everyone froze for several seconds, completely baffled, including Juniper, who was still trailing behind Susan, exhausting all means to stop her from entering the office. 
“Sure. Go ahead and make the call.” Ian finally came to his senses. He gazed at Susan from his seat. He was absolutely delighted to see the person who gave him butterflies in his stomach. 
Hubby? Not bad. At the very least, she has improved. 
Susan hung her head low and averted her eyes from his fervent gaze. Blushing, she got herself together and was about to make the phone call. 
“Hang on!” The police officer was panic-stricken. 
He rose to his feet and stopped Susan before hurrying over to Ian’s desk.
“Mr. Hayes, I think that… there’s a misunderstanding between us.” 
“Oh, is that so?” Ian questioned indifferently. 
“Yes, I believe so. Mr. Hayes, please know that I came here today to approach you about the collaboration with utmost sincerity. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have come. The reason why I haven’t given you an answer was that I had no idea what Hayes Corporation was going to do next. Take the local tyrants, for example, I have arrested all the troublemakers. But, what’s next? How does Hayes Corporation plan to deal with the matter? If your intention was only to have them captured for a short period of time, they’ll surely take revenge on the police upon being released.” 
In the end, the officer came clean with the young man before him and shared his predicament in dismay. 
After understanding his situation, a thoughtful look appeared on Ian’s handsome face. 
Arching his brow, he said, “Don’t worry, I got this. All you need to do right now is to arrest all of them so that Hayes Corporation can resume its daily operations smoothly. You should never think that Hayes Corporation is second to Tilan Palace just because of the nature of the business we’re in. Let me remind you that when the Hayeses dominated the entire Astoria, the Tilans were not even worthy of being our servants.” 
“Yes, indeed…” 
The officer was relieved at Ian’s words, but he was also terrified by his imposing presence at the same time. Cold sweats started to form on his forehead. 
Yes, it’s true. How is it possible that Hayes Corporation is deemed less powerful than Tilan Palace? 
Soon, the police were dismissed.
When Susan, who was standing at the entrance to the office, saw that, she kept her phone and got ready to scurry away too. 
However, before she could make her escape, the man inside the office called out to her. 
“Where are you going? I haven’t seen you for the whole day. Don’t you know that your hubby hasn’t had anything to eat?” 
Everyone outside of the president’s office gasped while Susan’s cheeks flushed crimson red. 
“No way. Didn’t she order lunch for you? I asked to have a meal with you at noon, but she told me that you were extremely busy and even insisted that I stop pestering you.” 
Susan pointed a finger at Juniper who was still standing behind her. 
At that instant, the man inside the office exuded a menacing aura that sent shivers down the spine of the female secretary. Hiding behind Susan, her knees immediately buckled, and she nearly collapsed to the floor. 
“Um… No, that’s not what I meant, Mr. Hayes. I—” 
“Where’s Melvin?” 
“I-I’m here, Mr. Hayes.” Melvin strode forward, sweating bullets. 
“Make sure that she disappears from my sight within three minutes. Henceforth, get rid of everyone else outside and shift the Finance Department here,” Ian instructed sternly with a deadpan expression. 
What? Isn’t he being a bit too ruthless? 
Susan was dumbfounded.
After Melvin left the room, she dashed into the office. “What do you think you’re doing? This is the president’s office. Why are you asking the Finance Department to relocate here?” 
“Simply because my wife works there. Besides, I don’t need those random people here.” 
Susan was at a loss for words. 
“One more thing, why are you so silly? How could you let them bully you? You’re officially Mrs. Hayes. Can’t you be more intimidating and tell them that you’re the lady boss?” 
Susan watched as the boy got to his feet and started walking away from his desk. Wait… no, he’s no boy… he’s already twenty-two years old; a legitimate adult who has taken over his family business and is working hard building a corporate empire. 
Ian went up to the dim-witted woman and pulled her into his embrace. Before she could come to her senses, he planted a domineering kiss on her lips. 
How can she let others step all over her?
###Chapter 1976
Chapter 1976
Chapter 1976 My Daughter 
That evening, both of them left the office under everyone’s nose and headed to the hotel. No one dared to lift their head and steal a glance at the couple, let alone make any passing comment about it. 
So, she’s his fiancée! Who would have thought that a plain Jane like Susan was the one who stole the show at the much-anticipated engagement ceremony held by the Jadesons three years ago? How could we be so blind and fail to recognize our lady boss? 
Ian and Susan walked out of the company arm in arm. “I was told that the villa is ready. Shall we pay the place a visit?” Upon getting into the car, Ian turned his head sideways and asked as he recalled Melvin’s words. 
There was a sparkle in Susan’s eyes when she heard the news. “Sure! Let’s go there now.” 
Finally, she was not as dejected as the time when she first returned from Atlantius. The way Ian had publicly defended and protected her during the day, coupled with his distinctive sense of dominance, appeased her resentment. 
Looking at Susan, a thought flashed through Ian’s mind. What is she thinking? We’ve been through so much to be together. Even if doom’s day is approaching, she has no reason to doubt my love for her. 
Soon after, the couple headed to the new villa. Everything had been pre-arranged by Solomon. Before their return, he had instructed Melvin to source for a great unit and purchase it in advance. This was so that the couple could move in right away. 
“Wow!” 
Susan was overjoyed the moment she opened the huge doors with beautiful floral designs carved on them. Although it was not a very large villa, the Erihalian style luxurious decoration made it look
tremendously grand and magnificent. 
“This is such a nice house. In the future, we can furnish it and gradually build our dream home together.” 
“What do you have in mind?” 
Seeing her eyes all lit up, Ian switched off his buzzing phone and accompanied her for a stroll around the garden. 
“We can plant some flowers over here. If you like, we can also reserve a plot to grow some vegetables. Oh, we can create a permaculture garden and grow lots of pineapples!” 
“Pineapples?” 
Ian was fascinated by the idea. 
With great interest, he approached Susan and looked in the direction that she had pointed. At that moment, he could picture in his head a garden full of sweet pineapples. 
It’s going to be very lovely. 
In the past three years, they had a home of their own in Jadeborough, which was gifted to them by Sigrith. 
It was a rather small unit, only about a thousand square-foot, located in a commercial building. However, they designed and decorated every nook and cranny themselves according to their preference and made it their ideal home. 
Hence, that was their favorite place whenever they were in Jadeborough. 
None of their seniors living in Oceanic Estate had an opinion about it.
After dinner, Ian went shopping with Susan, just like what they used to do when they first moved into their old house. 
Susan asked, “Ian, shall we change the style this round? We went with a minimalist interior the last time. Why don’t we go with Erihalian royal court-style decorations and furnishings?” 
While they were selecting furniture, Susan picked up an artistic nightstand and asked the man standing next to her cheekily. 
Ian’s brows snapped together at her sudden suggestion. 
She can pick whichever style she likes, but can she stop calling me by my name? Didn’t she have a special term of endearment for me at the office today? 
Ian slowly stretched out his arm and reached for a similar-style on the display shelf. 
“Sure. We should also combine the bedrooms this time around, okay?” 
“Huh?” 
“If we go with Uncle Solomon’s plan, we are probably going to stick around here for quite some time. So, combining the two bedrooms is just a matter of time.” 
He spoke with such calmness as though he did not feel awkward talking about the topic at all. 
Susan, on the other hand, blushed almost instantly. 
Why is he so direct? Doesn’t he feel shy talking about such things? 
“Um… Why don’t we take a look at other stuff first? There are plenty of things we haven’t bought yet.” She changed the topic abruptly because she did not know how to respond to him.
Right then, Ian spotted a pink bedside lamp. 
“Hey, Darling?” 
“Hmm?” 
“This looks great, doesn’t it? Let’s get one and place it in the other room. Our daughter can use it in the future.” He chucked the lamp into the shopping cart right away. 
Susan was at a loss for words. 
She desperately wished for the ground to swallow her up at that moment. 
He’s really going overboard! 
Moments later, a special yearning brewed within her as she gazed at the pink lamp in the shopping cart. She started looking forward to building a future with him. 
As for our daughter… Well, what will be, will be, I guess. 
It took them a long while to have everything set up in the villa before they could leave for the hotel. 
Nonetheless, they had a good night’s rest. 
The following morning, they reported to work as usual. Ian was as busy as a bee, whereas Susan continued settling yesterday’s accounts at the Finance Department. 
“Bad news, Ms. Limmer. The tax authority is here. They demanded to check our accounts.” 
“What did you say?” 
Susan raised her head and caught the drastic change of expression on Aubrey’s face.
###Chapter 1977
Chapter 1977
Chapter 1977 Capable Wife 
The unexpected visit of the tax authority puzzled Susan. Although the branch here is always in the red, all of its accounts are properly recorded. In fact, they paid all of the required taxes too, not a dime was left out. I’ve personally checked everything, and I’m sure of it. What’s the purpose of their sudden visit? 
A wary look flashed across Susan’s face. Soon, she exited her office. “Mr. Tanner, this is our newly appointed finance director.” The receptionist introduced several officers dressed in uniform to her the moment she stepped out of the office. 
Susan scrutinized them and then proactively offered a handshake. “Hi, Mr. Tanner. I’m Susan Limmer, the person in charge of the Finance Department. Nice to meet you.” “Ms. Limmer?” 
Unfortunately, Tucker Tanner paid no heed to her. He looked very arrogant, seemingly the type that came deliberately to cause unnecessary trouble. 
“I’m here today to investigate the recent export case. I received a phone call from the customs this morning stating that Hayes Corporation did not register those goods.” 
Tucker then waved his hand to signal his subordinate to whip out some official documents while Susan watched on, unfazed. When she was handed the documents, she tilted her head and quickly skimmed through the pages. 
“Aubrey.” “Yes, Ms. Limmer?” responded Aubrey who was standing by her side the entire time. 
Susan instructed her softly, “Go to the Sales Department and find out what’s going on. Additionally, ask the two staff who completed the customs clearance to come over here immediately.” 
“Understood, Ms. Limmer.” She went to carry out her task at once. Then, a thought dawned on Susan, and she called out to Aubrey again. “What is Mr. Hayes up to at the moment?”
“If I’m not mistaken, he’s out with Mr. Ginn,” replied Aubrey. 
“All right. If that’s the case, there’s no need to inform him about this. Go on, then.” Susan made a decision on the spot. 
Once Aubrey left, Susan smiled and gazed at Tucker and his team from the local tax department. 
“I’m sorry, Mr. Tanner. Please allow me to learn from my colleagues what happened first. Let me take you to the reception room. Once I have understood the whole situation, I’ll come back to you for a detailed discussion. Is that okay?” 
“Are you serious, Ms. Limmer? You have no idea what went wrong? Why did Hayes Corporation send you here in the first place, then?” Tucker was obviously displeased. 
Susan plastered a smile on her face and kept her cool. Instead of arguing with him, she led the team into the reception room and personally served them coffee. 
Ten minutes later, Aubrey returned with the sales manager. 
“How is it?” 
“Ms. Limmer, I’m the manager of the Sales Department. There was one order which we did in a rush. The goods were handed over to the shipping container first before we completed the procedures. Regardless, the customs officer was aware of it and gave us permission to do so.” The manager could not help feeling wronged when he was explaining the incident in person. 
Clearly, the tax officers are in for pedantic fault-finding. 
Susan collected some data and invoices received from customs clearance and headed into the reception room.
“I’m sorry to keep you waiting, Mr. Tanner. I’ve been updated about the incident. You’re right that Hayes Corporation did skip a step when exporting the goods. However, our sales staff has confirmed that the case has been declared to customs, and we’ve obtained the green light from them to go ahead. Please take a look at the documentation. It shows that we’ve done all the necessary procedures.” 
Susan passed the stack of paperwork to Tucker, only to be given a cold shoulder by him. 
“You’ve obtained permission? Who approved it? How come I’m not aware of this at all? If it’s exactly as what you said, why would the customs still call up the tax department?” 
“That’s right, Ms. Limmer. Everything needs to be supported by evidence. We can’t work based on your claims. You know, even Tilan Palace never dared to do anything quite like this. 
Tilan Palace? There, he said it. So, that’s what it’s all about, huh? 
An icy glint flashed across Susan’s eyes even though she kept smiling politely at them. 
“Mr. Tanner, Hayes Corporation places heavy emphasis on quality and reputation in all that the company does in Astoria. We’re counted as one of the very best in the world because we’re a trustworthy company. If you think that we aren’t as good as Tilan Palace, then I can get Mr. Hayes’ advice on what to do next. This can be easily resolved. Let us know how much the fine is, and I’ll see to it that Hayes Corporation pays exactly that amount.” 
Susan continued, “However, I have one reminder for you, Mr. Tanner. We agreed to set up a branch here and invest our resources only because your government has put in a lot of effort to liaise with the Foreign Affairs Department and applied for a collaboration with us umpteen times. To date, Hayes Corporation is still suffering from a deficit. Should you and the customs plan to nitpick on every single matter, I’ll suggest to Mr. Hayes to go and seek Mr. George’s advice and see if the corporation would like to withdraw all investment.”
Susan, who was apparently half the age of the officers, was readily admitting the mistake made by the company’s employee.
###Chapter 1978
Chapter 1978
Chapter 1978 Call Me Hubby 
However, the next moment, she was able to shift the conversation toward the real motives of the tax department visit to Hayes Corporation. While saying her piece, she maintained her calm and civilized behavior. 
In an instant, the reception room fell dead silent. She’s good! She even mentioned the matter of economic development between the two countries. Right then, everyone, including Tucker, was stunned. 
“Withdraw all investments? You must be joking, right, Ms. Limmer?” he asked. “Oh, no. On the contrary, I’m being dead serious.” The smile on Susan’s face faded, and she stared firmly at him. A chill ran down Tucker’s spine when she did that. 
After all, her features had never been the sweet or dainty type. Instead, she had always looked calm, rational, and elegant. Indeed, a woman like her could always exude a domineering aura. Even if she were to keep quiet, she would still be intimidating. 
Just then, Aubrey uttered, “Mr. Tanner, she’s actually Mr. Hayes’ fiancée. In other words, she’s the future lady owner of Hayes Corporation. Do you really think she would joke with you?” 
Hearing that, everyone fell silent. 
After around ten minutes, Susan sent them off and watched them leave before bringing the documents to her office. 
“Ms. Limmer, is this the end of the matter?” 
“No. They came here today to do what they were doing to Tilan Palace, and they’re just trying to take advantage of Hayes Corporation. From now on, remember to get my permission before approving any
payments to them,” Susan instructed. 
“Yes!” 
The Finance Department was shocked upon receiving such decisive and ruthless instruction from their newly appointed superior. If we do that, we’ll be going against all the local tyrants here. Hayes Corporation will surely face a lot of troubles in the future. 
Although they were all impressed by Susan’s boldness and intelligence, they were also starting to grow concerned. 
Ian had only found out about the matter after he returned to the office in the afternoon. 
Melvin was in the office, and he was incredibly worried about the consequences as well. “Mr. Hayes, what Ms. Limmer did will most probably ruin the relationships we have with the other parties, such as the government officials and the local underground organizations. I think Hayes Corporation will run into problems in the near future.” 
Upon hearing that, Ian glared at him coldly and asked, “So? Do you want Hayes Corporation to be like Hugo and rely on others to survive here?” 
“No… That’s not what I meant.” Beads of cold sweat started to form on Melvin’s forehead right away. 
Obviously, that wasn’t what he meant. 
In fact, he was genuinely worried. After all, Southeast Astoria is a lawless region. If we were to do business here, things aren’t going to be as easy as in other regions. 
In the end, Melvin could only leave worriedly.
That evening, Ian and Susan went back to their new villa after they got off from work. That was when they started having a discussion about the matter. 
“Undeniably, Melvin is right to be worried. When the tax authority came today, he had confirmed Melvin’s theory. The government officials are in bed with the underground organizations,” Susan uttered while putting up her favorite wallpaper in the villa. 
Ian remained silent for a while. Hayes Corporation is a law-abiding corporation. Since its establishment, the company had never done anything shady. It’s a foolish endeavor that they’d try to take advantage of Hayes Corporation. 
While passing a sketch drawing he had drawn to Susan, he said, “From tomorrow onward, I’ll get two men to stay with you at all times to protect you.” 
Huh? Susan immediately turned toward him and looked at him with a changed expression. “Why? Are we in danger?” she asked. 
“It’s possible. I’ve gone to their chamber of commerce today, and I’ve made myself clear. I told them Hayes Corporation will never join those organizations. Hayes Corporation will simply be Hayes Corporation, no more, no less.” A grin appeared on Ian’s face. 
Upon seeing that, Susan knew roughly what he meant. 
She then took the sketch drawing from him and hung it at the spot they both liked. 
Suddenly, she asked in a serious tone, “All right. I’ll leave that to you. By the way, Ian, should we get your mom and the others to decide on the date we should move in? I think that’s only appropriate.” 
Ian frowned. I have no problem with the suggestion. However, shouldn’t she address me differently? Before she had the time to react, he went up to her, wrapped his arms around her, and carried her off
of the chair. 
“Ahh!” she yelped. 
After carrying her off the chair, he pulled her into his embrace and looked down at her. They were so close to each other that she could feel his breath on her face when he asked, “Ms. Limmer, I can promise you anything in the world. But in return, I’d like you to promise me something as well.” 
Susan blushed instantly. Her heart was pounding, and she shied away nervously. “W-What is it?” she stammered. 
“From now on, don’t call me by my name.” 
“What?”
###Chapter 1979
Chapter 1979
Chapter 1979 Ian In Trouble 
Still stumped, Susan raised her gaze and looked at Ian in confusion. “If I don’t call you by your name, h-how should I address you, then?” 
“You’ll address me as ‘Hubby,’ of course!” Ian couldn’t help but instruct blatantly. Susan was stunned, and her face flushed crimson immediately. “But we haven’t gotten our marriage certificate yet. If I address you so, I—” 
“Marriage certificate?” Ian seemed like he had just realized something. With a slight cock of his brow, he suddenly let go of her and said, “Wait here.” Susan was startled. “What are you doing?” “I need to make a call.” “What for?” 
“I’m going to get my parents to collect our marriage certificate for us.” With that, Ian ran up the stairs. He was really going to call home and get his parents to collect their marriage certificate. 
Is he kidding? How could he get his parents to collect our marriage certificate? Susan was amused. She then quickly followed him upstairs and rushed into the bedroom to stop him. 
However, when she got there, she saw that he had already switched on the television and contacted Oceanic Estate through video call. 
“Oh? Ian, Susan! You’ve finally called, huh? What a pleasant surprise! What have you guys been up to?” Sasha was tutoring Natalie when Ian called. She was over the moon to receive the call from them. 
Seeing that, Susan had no choice but to steel herself and greet her future mother-in-law. “Hi, Mrs. Hayes. We… We’ve been busy getting our new house ready.” 
“Is that so? Are you guys done with it, then? Are you guys doing it yourselves? If it’s too taxing, I can send some people over to help you guys,” Sasha uttered.
“It’s all right. That won’t be—” 
Right then, Ian interrupted and said, “Mommy, you don’t have to trouble yourself with that. I need you to help Susan and me to collect our marriage certificate tomorrow.” 
What the hell? I can’t believe he just drop such a shocking piece of news out of nowhere! Can’t he see that Mrs. Hayes and I were in the middle of a conversation? Susan was stumped. Sasha, too, was startled. 
Regardless, she was still incredibly happy with Ian’s decision. “You’re asking me to collect your marriage certificate? Have you guys decided on that? However, I can’t help you guys to collect the marriage certificate. Both of you will have to go to the civil affairs office and do it yourselves.” 
Sasha couldn’t help chuckling at how clueless her son was. He’s already twenty-three. How could he not know something as basic as this? I wonder how Susan has been spending her life with him for the past three years. Could it be that she had been the one doing all the worrying for him? 
As soon as those words fell, Susan felt awkward right away. Ian, on the other hand, looked utterly confused. 
“When you got married to Daddy back then, didn’t Grandpa do everything for you guys? Daddy wasn’t even around to do it,” Ian uttered. 
Suddenly, a familiar tall figure appeared on the screen of the video call and fumed, “You brat! Are you done? How could you get someone else to do such an important thing for you? Do you even want to get married in the first place? Where’s your sincerity, huh?” 
After he scolded Susan and Ian with a grim expression, he ended the call right away. 
Both Ian and Susan fell silent.
After a while, Susan noticed how sullen Ian looked. She tried her best to compose herself, and she tugged on his sleeves. “Don’t be upset, okay? I-I’ll do as you say… Hubby…” 
Her cheeks were as red as the glow of dusk. While overwhelmed with embarrassment and awkwardness, she finally addressed him as he wanted. 
Upon hearing that, Ian turned and glanced at her. 
Meanwhile, in Oceanic Estate, Sasha was infuriated after Sebastian ended the call abruptly. 
“Sebastian, what did you do that for? Ian is right, isn’t he? It’s a fact that you didn’t collect our marriage certificate with me. So why are you throwing a tantrum now?” She glared at him angrily to show how dissatisfied she was with what he did back then. 
D*mn that bratty son of mine! Sebastian froze momentarily. 
“Darling, I was wrong, okay? Why don’t we register for our marriage again?” he asked. 
“Huh?” Sasha was pissed off. “What do you mean by that? You’d better say it to me clearly, Sebastian.” 
“Well… I mean, I owed you a lot, Darling. I didn’t collect our marriage certificate with you, and I didn’t give you a grand wedding ceremony. I’ve promised you a lot in the past, but I couldn’t make good on my promises because of all the things that had happened.” 
“So?” Suddenly, Sasha had a bad feeling about it. Why is he admitting his faults all of a sudden? Knowing how sly and cunning he is, he must be up to something!
###Chapter 1980
Chapter 1980
Chapter 1980 Loneliness 
“That’s why we should do everything again, Darling. We’ll go to the civil affairs office, divorce each other, and then marry each other again before setting up the wedding. What do you say?” 
As expected, once Sebastian got permission to reply, he spilled his plans in a thoughtful manner. Sasha was silent as she grabbed her slipper from the floor. 
Sebastian jumped in shock when he saw that. Natalie was speechless as she watched the renowned, fearsome man being chased by his wife out of the door with a slipper. 
She lowered her head, pulled out her phone, and typed: Matt, your mommy and daddy are fighting. Matteo was speechless when he read the text. 
A few minutes later, he called. Natalie, who was lying on the desk, saw the caller ID. Her dark eyes, which appeared even more brilliant and pretty after she grew up, lit up immediately like the stars in the sky. “Matt…” 
“Mhm. What’s wrong, Nat? Why did my mommy and daddy fight?” Matteo sounded pretty anxious on the phone. Even his voice was higher-pitched. 
It was natural for him to be shocked, since he had never seen his parents fight before. They were usually loving and affectionate toward each other, especially his father. He knew his father loved his mother a lot. 
That was why he was pretty shocked when he suddenly heard that. Natalie told him the whole story in a small voice, starting from Ian’s call to their parents’ argument. Her description was clear. 
She had grown up, after all. When Matteo learned what actually happened, he relaxed. “Ah, I see. In that case, you should just ignore it. You only need to focus on doing your homework.”
“Mhm.” Natalie nodded her head and agreed. Matteo was about to end the call when he heard her speaking again. “I got ninety-five marks for the exam this time, Matt. I only need five more marks to accomplish your request.” 
“Really? That’s great, Nat. Good job!” He didn’t hesitate to compliment Natalie, yet she wasn’t happy. 
Instead, after she listened to his reply, a tinge of anxiety appeared on her delicate and pretty face. 
“Is that all?” 
“Hmm?” He didn’t react to it in time. “What do you mean?” 
Silence ensued on the other end of the line. 
What she was referring to was the promise he made to her before. 
For the past three years, no one knew that the reason Natalie was able to stay obediently at Oceanic Estate for her education was because of Matteo’s promise. He had promised her that if she worked hard and gained one hundred marks in sixth grade, he would bring her to attend a middle school in the area he lived. 
That was why she had been working really hard for the past three years. 
She wasn’t smart. Her mother, Willow, was an ordinary person while her father, Brandon, was pretty average too. 
That was why her grades had always been mediocre. 
After three years, right before she was heading to sixth grade, she actually achieved ninety-five marks. 
She hung up the call. When Sasha returned to the room, she saw no one inside.
“Where is she?” When she saw the incomplete homework on the table, she panicked. 
Sebastian was right behind her, and when he saw that, his eyebrows furrowed as well. They went out to look for her. 
The intensity of their worries increased when they couldn’t find Natalie anywhere in Oceanic Estate that night. 
“Where did she go? She was all okay when she was doing her homework! Why did she suddenly disappear? Did someone come in and abducted her?” Sasha was so worried that tears were gushing out of her eyes. 
It couldn’t be helped, since Natalie was the only person alive who had a blood relation to her best friend. She couldn’t imagine how she would face her friend if the child went missing. 
Seeing how his wife was getting extremely anxious, Sebastian, who was worried she might break down, comforted her first before giving Devin a call and asking him to bring people over. They would conduct a thorough search over the entire Jadeborough. 
No one in the Jadeson family rested for the entire night. 
The next morning, everyone was shocked that Matteo, who was supposed to be at the foreign police headquarters, suddenly appeared in front of them. 
“Matteo, you… Why are you here?” 
“Where’s Natalie? Did you all find her?” That was the first thing he asked after traveling back to the country overnight. 
Sasha was stunned.
At that moment, Sebastian also understood something. 
Half an hour later, they found Natalie in Matteo’s room. She was hiding inside Matteo’s wardrobe. When she was carried out of the wardrobe, she was unconscious. 
“What exactly is going on?” Jonathan got so furious that he pounded the floor with his walking stick. 
Sasha wasn’t sure what to say. 
In the end, she could only watch as her son carried Natalie in his arms and rushed the little girl to the hospital before following them.
###Chapter 1981
Chapter 1981
Chapter 1981 The Daddy Experience 
Natalie was sent to the hospital. When Jonathan learned of the news, he was so angry that he stomped on the ground with his walking cane. “Why did this happen? Even after so many years, nothing has changed! What will happen in the future if things continue down this path? I can’t have someone accompany her for the rest of her life!” 
While he was anxious, he also felt sorry for his great-grandson. It was only natural since Natalie wasn’t related to him by blood. 
Thankfully, Mark, who had been by Jonathan’s side for many years, was around. After Mark saw how furious Jonathan was, he comforted the latter, “Please don’t get angry, Old Mr. Jadeson. Mrs. Jadeson will no doubt solve this issue.” 
“Really?” Jonathan was doubtful. Concurrently, at the hospital, Sasha let out a sigh of relief when she saw life returning to Natalie’s face after being given an IV drip. Then, she turned to her son. “Did something happen between you and Nat, Matt? Why did she suddenly throw a temper tantrum?” 
“I-I actually didn’t say anything special. It’s just that, during last night’s call, she told me she got ninety- five marks, and I praised her. Then she said ‘that’s it?’ It made me suddenly recall something… It was a joke I made before.” After understanding what was going on, Matteo told his mother about what had happened honestly. 
Sasha was stunned. Joke? What joke? I have a really bad feeling about this. 
“Do you know what you mean to Nat for the past three years, Matt? You were the one who avenged her father back then. She treated you as the only beam of light left in her dark, isolated world. She will take everything you say to heart.”
Matteo’s face turned pale as he stood silently. That problem never crossed his mind. 
He recalled that, after he went overseas, in order to ensure that Natalie would focus on her studies and live a carefree life, he would pamper her and shower her with affectionate words whenever he called. 
It was his wish that she would do well since he sincerely cared for her. However, he never thought that every word he said would be perceived as a promise by her. 
“Is this why she has been working so hard for the past three years? So much so that even Nina can’t catch up with her? Turns out, it’s because of that joke you told her. What exactly did you tell her, Matt?” 
“I told her that, if she got one-hundred marks, I’ll take her to continue her education at my place.” Matteo scratched the back of his head as he spoke awkwardly. 
The moment he finished speaking, Sasha got so angry that she wanted to hit his head. This is outrageous! Why does he think this is a good way to motivate her? Doesn’t he know that a traumatized child’s hope will crumble if her expectations aren’t met? Especially after she hid away from the outside world? It’ll make her feel as though she has been abandoned again, and that darkness is the only thing left in her world. 
Sasha took in two deep breaths and made a decision before Natalie woke up. “In that case, then let her follow you from now on.” 
“Eh?” Matteo’s eyes widened. “You can’t be serious, Mommy. I didn’t go overseas for fun. I have my duties to attend to!” 
“I know, but since you already promised her, you need to keep your word. Otherwise, what do you expect her to do? She’s finally getting better after three years. Do you want her to regress to her worst state again?”
He remained speechless for five seconds. Of course I don’t! But taking Nat to study at my place, it’s… I’m really regretting my decision to say that now. 
In the end, when Sebastian learned of the whole story, he came to the same conclusion as Sasha, though he decided to make some extra arrangements. 
“Firstly, we’ll buy a house and hire housemaids as well as bodyguards for you,” Sebastian said. 
Matteo still remained silent. 
“Secondly, take Nina with you. With her there, you don’t need to worry about anything. Nat will be fine as long as she can stare at your face all day.” 
Daddy’s comments always hit the nail on the head. Matteo had no choice but to agree. 
Three days later, when Natalie had completely recovered and learned that she could study overseas at Matteo’s place, a sparkle of light was finally reintroduced to her eyes. 
Nina said, “You have quite the nerve. I’m surprised.” 
Natalie silently shifted her line of sight downward to look away from Nina and stared at a plushie on her bed. 
When Nina saw that, she returned to her room without saying anything else. 
Once the door was closed, no one realized that Natalie had started packing her books and clothes, even though there were still a few months before they were going overseas. 
By all logic, she should’ve waited until her exam was over and Matteo had chosen a suitable school for her. The decision to move wouldn’t be finalized until then.
Nonetheless, the little girl was so excited that she was getting really busy inside her room. 
At Southeast Astoria, Ian and Susan learned of the mess they had indirectly caused because of their phone call. 
As the older brother, Ian felt quite guilty for what had happened.
###Chapter 1982
Chapter 1982
Chapter 1982 Quiet 
Ian: Are you all right? Matteo: What’s up? Ian: I heard Nat is going to study at your place. I caused this, so if there’s anything you need, let me know. 
Matteo was seething with anger. Still, Ian was his brother, so he had no choice but to swallow that anger. 
Matteo: It’s fine. I’ll just think of it as an early experience of what it’s like to be a father. Oh yeah, how are things at your end? I heard from Mommy and Daddy that you two are getting a marriage certificate. Am I going to become an uncle? 
Ian froze. I can’t believe he’s saying stuff like that! He quickly glanced outside. After making sure that Susan was immersed in her work, he suppressed his anger and scolded his brother. 
Ian: What are you thinking? We haven’t gotten married yet. Matteo: Aren’t you two engaged already? Are you going to tell me you two haven’t done anything yet? 
Ian remained silent. Matteo: No way. Are you for real? You’re too pure, Ian. Do you remember our classmate? The Dawson guy? Even though you two had engagements at roughly the same time, his child is already a year old now. 
Ian still didn’t reply. Matteo: Are you having problems? Sure, you haven’t bought the ticket for the boat ride yet, but it’s already booked. It’s fine even if you two enter the boat now. Ian: Matteo Hayes! 
Ian almost squeezed his brother’s name through gritted teeth with fury. This bastard! What has he been doing for the past three years? Why did he become someone who casually says whatever is on his mind? Doesn’t he know he’s not married yet? He doesn’t even have a girlfriend yet!
Ian’s face darkened. When Matteo saw those two words, he could feel his brother’s wrath and stopped teasing him. 
Matteo: All right, all right. I’ll stop now. Still, I’m just reminding you that if you don’t do it fast, your wife’s pregnancy may pose a health risk due to her age, since she is three years older than you. 
Veins were popping out on Ian’s forehead when he read that text. The sound of a pair of high-heels approaching him entered his ears. Then, he heard a woman’s voice. “What are you doing, Hubby?” 
“Oh, nothing.” Ian immediately put his phone back onto the table, as though he had just done something bad. He then raised his head and stared at Susan while pretending to be calm. “Hmm?” She lifted her eyebrow. What is this guy doing? Why is he blushing so hard? 
“Is there a problem?” “Oh, yes. The customs just told me that they are going to conduct additional examinations on the materials that our company shipped today. If that happens, not only will it delay our shipment’s arrival, but we may also need to pay a lot of fees.” She then handed some documents to Ian. 
Ian took it and read it. This is ridiculous. The shipment is already priced incredibly low. If this goes through that troublesome custom, we’re not going to make any money out of it. Not only that, if the shipment is delayed, the company needs to pay a penalty fee! 
The look in Ian’s eyes darkened. 
A few minutes later, Melvin was summoned. 
Ian ordered, “Follow me to their headquarters.” 
“Eh?” Melvin was shocked. He got here not too long ago. Does he really want to go to the government headquarters?
Susan was shocked too. “Don’t you think this is too dangerous? They’re clearly trying to force Hayes Corporation to listen to them. If you go there, they won’t be very nice to you.” 
She blocked Ian’s way, but he just waved his hand dismissively to reassure her that there was nothing to worry about. 
“They’re not going to do anything to me. Besides, if they’re doing this, they are clearly inviting me to visit them,” he uttered. 
In the end, Susan didn’t say anything else. 
After a while, Ian left the company and headed straight to the government headquarters. 
Susan waited in the company anxiously. There was a moment when she impulsively wanted to call Ian’s parents to tell them about what was going on. 
In the end, though, she resisted the temptation and went to pour herself a glass of water to drink instead. 
That was because she knew Ian wouldn’t want his parents to help him as he was learning how to be better. 
She knew he wanted to gain a foothold at where they were through his own hard work. 
The waiting lasted for the entire afternoon. 
When she finally heard some news, it was about time for people to get off work. 
At that moment, she was the only person left in the finance department.
Before Aubrey left, she saw Susan still staying in the company, seemingly with no intention of leaving. So, she approached Susan and asked, “Are you still worried about Mr. Hayes, Ms. Wand?” 
Susan nodded awkwardly. “I’ve been waiting for a whole afternoon, but still hasn’t returned.” 
“You don’t have to worry. Even government officials won’t dare to mess with Hayes Corporation, since the company is quite powerful here. They probably just want to make some money, so they won’t cause any other trouble.” 
Susan didn’t expect Aubrey to be that knowledgeable.
###Chapter 1983
Chapter 1983
Chapter 1983 Ian Is In Trouble 
A huge wave of relief washed over Susan when she heard that. After waiting for some time in the office, she finally received a call from Ian. “Darling?” she said. 
“Hey. Everything’s settled. Pack your things and meet me downstairs in fifteen minutes.” A refreshing yet alluring voice, which was pleasing to the ears, came through the speakers. 
Susan was overjoyed when she heard his words. It’s finally done! She hurriedly packed her things in the office and went downstairs with her handbag. Never in her life had she ever acted so quickly. 
At the same time, she had already planned out the celebration in her mind. I’m going to the supermarket with him to buy loads of ingredients. Then, we’re going to have a great feast at the new villa. 
That evening, however, she waited downstairs for almost an hour, but the man who promised to pick her up never showed up. “The number you have dialed is unavailable.” 
“The number you have dialed is unavailable.” Susan’s heart sank deeper and deeper as she listened to the mechanical dial tone. The foreboding feeling slowly engulfed her until she lost all hope. 
Five minutes later, just as she had called for a taxi to rush over to the government headquarters, she received a call. “Hello, are you Mr. Ian Hayes’ family member?” 
“Who are you?” “I’m from the transportation bureau. Mr. Hayes has gotten into an accident and has been sent to the hospital for surgery. If you’re a family member or a friend of his, please come to the hospital right away.” The person on the phone sounded urgent as he informed her about the news. 
Susan was stunned to hear that. All of a sudden, her mind went blank, and her brain lost its ability to think. All that remained was a feeling of hopelessness, and she could only see darkness before her.
On top of that, she felt a shiver run down her spine as fear filled her heart. That’s… That’s impossible! Soon, she arrived at the hospital without knowing how she got there. 
All she remembered was seeing the bright red light outside the operating theater and a body covered with a piece of white cloth on the side. In the end, her body swayed, and she fell head-first to the ground. 
“Ms. Limmer!” Right then, Aubrey, who had just arrived, quickly held Susan up when she witnessed that. No one expected such a thing to happen. 
After all, Aubrey was just comforting Susan not long ago, telling the latter not to worry. Yet, shortly after Ian and Melvin went out, one got severely injured while the other died. 
Wiping away her tears, Aubrey helped an overwhelmed Susan to the bed to lie down and quickly asked the two traffic officers, “Hello, officers. What exactly happened? How did they get into an accident?” 
“They got hit by a truck. The driver’s been detained, and we’re examining the vehicle now. Don’t worry. We’ll let you know the result once we have it,” the traffic officer updated her on the current situation. 
After listening to all that, Aubrey was at a loss for what to do. Hence, she could only return to the ward. 
About half an hour later, Susan, who was lying on a hospital bed, regained consciousness. As she lay there, her pupils suddenly constricted, and she sat bolt upright. 
“Ms. Limmer?” Aubrey was shocked when she saw Susan’s reaction. 
However, Susan did not reply to Aubrey. Instead, the former got off the bed immediately and ran out like a madwoman. 
“Ms. Limmer, where are you going?”
As soon as Susan exited the room, she caught hold of a doctor in a white coat and started throwing questions at him hysterically, “Ian… Where’s Ian? Where’s my husband? Where is he?” 
She had never been so frightened before. 
At that moment, she felt as if there was an invisible hand pushing her further into the bottomless abyss. It made her tremble in panic and lose all sense of rationality. 
Thankfully, the doctor informed her that the operation was still going on. 
He’s still in surgery? 
Looking like a half-dead fish that finally found water, Susan immediately recovered her breath, almost slumping to the ground. 
Coincidentally, Aubrey walked out as well. 
When she saw Susan’s state, she quickly grabbed hold of the latter. “Calm down, Ms. Limmer. Mr. Hayes is still in the operating theater. You must not lose your calm.” 
After some time, with Aubrey’s support, Susan walked over to the entrance of the operating theater, where the red light was still turned on. The latter slumped onto the bench and waited there with tears streaming down her face. 
The emotions that washed over her were indescribable. 
She was so overwhelmed that she had even forgotten to inform the rest about the matter. At that moment, her mind was filled with the image of the red light at the operating theatre. 
Solomon arrived at the hospital two hours later.
The moment he arrived, his face drained of color when he saw the pale white interior of the hospital. He quickly asked the deputy general manager beside him, “How are things?” 
Solomon was the one who sent Ian over, after all. Hence, if something were to happen to Ian, Solomon would never be able to redeem himself, even if he died. He would feel guilty toward Ian’s parents for the rest of his life. 
“Ian’s safe for now. Some of his internal organs are severely injured, and a few of his ribs are broken. If Melvin hadn’t protected him at that critical moment, he would’ve…” The deputy general manager did not finish his sentence.
###Chapter 1984
Chapter 1984
Chapter 1984 The Unoffendable Bosses 
What he could not bring himself to say was that Melvin was dead. Solomon’s eyes were red as he nodded grimly. He would have gone off to get revenge on the other party involved in the accident if he had not raised his head and spotted a young woman standing stiffly outside the intensive care unit. 
He walked over and called out from behind the woman, “Susan?” Hearing that, Susan turned around slowly. 
“Uncle Solomon…” She only managed to choke out two words. After hanging on for the entire day, she finally let her emotions run free, and tears rolled down her cheeks. 
When Solomon saw that, an overwhelming feeling of guilt rose in his heart. He wanted to slap himself hard on the face. 
What was I thinking? I knew this was a dangerous place. Why did I still send them here? As talented as Ian is, he’s just a young man in his twenties. 
Finally, Solomon instructed someone to take Susan to the room next door to get some rest. After that, he left the hospital. 
That night, just as the local authorities were trembling with fear, someone finally came to notify them, saying someone from the Hayes family had come looking for them. “Who is it? Who’s here? Is it Sebastian?” 
The informant quickly denied it, “No. It doesn’t look like him. It’s a middle-aged man with glasses. He looks like a mild-mannered person.” 
The leader of the headquarters heaved a sigh of relief. Thank goodness it’s not Sebastian. We can deal with this visitor here as long as it’s not him. Feeling much more relaxed, he instructed his
subordinate to bring the visitor in. 
Sure enough, as soon as the visitor stepped into the precinct, the leader saw a handsome, fair-skinned, and mild-mannered person who had a pair of gold-framed glasses sitting on his nose bridge. The former looked completely threatless. 
In fact, he looked like a lecturer. 
“You are?” 
Solomon wasted no time exchanging pleasantries. As soon as he stepped into the place, he removed the wedding ring on his finger and voiced his question expressionlessly, “Did you have something to do with today’s accident?” 
The leader shrugged. “Are you talking about Mr. Hayes? I’m truly sorry, but I really had nothing to do with it.” 
Solomon interrogated, “Then, who did it? I ordered someone to look into the truck, but the driver wasn’t drunk, and the break was still in good condition. This couldn’t have been an accident.” 
“Indeed, but this really has nothing to do with me. I’m still trying to make sense of things, too. Who on earth would dare to attack the Hayeses? Where did he get the guts to do that?” 
How dare he make sarcastic remarks? 
Solomon lifted his head and stared coldly at the leader. As he did so, a bloodthirsty glint that had not appeared in ages flashed across his eyes. 
“Really?” he growled. 
“Yes—”
Bang! 
The leader had only uttered a word when a bullet went through his forehead and killed him instantly. 
Everyone’s jaws dropped with horror. 
As they gaped at the gentleman who had taken the life of another person without an ounce of hesitance, their minds were blank from the shock. 
Who is this young man? That’s the leader of the customs head office he just shot. How could that young man just shoot someone without warning? Even Hugo of Tilan Palace wouldn’t dare to attack such a powerful person. 
Everyone screamed and attempted to run out while covering their heads. 
Seeing that, Solomon gave a slight nod. Immediately, the man behind him took out his gun and fired a few shots. The person running ahead of everyone else collapsed instantly. 
This is horrifying! He’s not even human. He must be a devil! Didn’t the informant say he’s not Sebastian? Why is this man crazier than him? He’s even more ruthless than Sebastian. 
“W-Who are you? Do you know whom you’ve just killed?” 
“You don’t even know who I am, yet how dare you assume I don’t know about this matter?” Solomon tossed his gun to the person beside him and took out a white handkerchief to clean himself. 
It was as if he did not like the stench of blood. 
“If I remember it correctly, Hugo was able to dominate this place only because Sinch Enterprise of Jetroina left. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have the chance to roam freely here,” Solomon uttered each word with a murderous aura, revealing the truth of the past.
His words left everyone in the headquarters dumbfounded. In just a few seconds, all those who had been glaring at him paled. 
After all, Sinch Enterprise of Jetroina was their nightmare back then. 
If Hayes Corporation were to openly dominate the business industry in Astoria, Sinch Enterprise would be the Tilans empire’s greatest threat in every way. 
That was because Sinch Enterprise was incredibly powerful. 
Not only did they have an outstanding leader, but they were also involved in both legal and underground businesses. In Jetroina, Sinch Enterprise’s gang network was on par with Hugo’s. 
Back then, Hugo was extremely troubled by it. Even the government headquarters were terrified when they heard that Sinch Enterprise wanted to venture into their market. 
They feared a war might break out between the two families. 
If that were to happen, their country would become a living hell. 
So, this man is the leader of Sinch Enterprise! 
The people in the headquarters slumped to the ground as realization dawned on them.
###Chapter 1985
Chapter 1985
Chapter 1985 The Killer 
Not long after that, someone from the government rushed over anxiously upon receiving the news. 
This time, the official stepped into the room with his back bent over. Upon seeing Solomon, the former quickly apologized, “Mr. George, I’m terribly sorry. It’s our fault for being incompetent in dealing with this matter. I’ve just looked into it. Though someone caused the accident deliberately, it really has nothing to do with us.” 
“What did you just say?” Those words filled the air with an intimidating aura. Hearing that, the informant wiped off the sweat on his forehead. “I-It’s true. It’s the Tilan family who planned the entire thing.” 
The Tilan family. As Solomon sat with his legs crossed in the middle of the hall, he finally raised his brow as if he was quite surprised. “They still have descendants?” 
“Yes. Hugo has a daughter called Melinda. She followed Lacey to another country after Tilan Palace was blasted by Mr. Hayes. No one knows when she came back. We didn’t discover her involvement until we started looking into the truck.” While talking, the informant took out pieces of evidence one by one. Solomon had to admit that he was quite efficient in carrying out the investigation. 
The former then picked up the evidence and studied them. True enough, the pictures portrayed the scene of an ordinary-looking woman meeting with the local big shots. There were even a few public officials among them. 
“Wow!” The informant suddenly cleared his throat awkwardly. “Don’t worry, Mr. George. We’ll investigate this thoroughly. Our main problem now is Melinda. She’s been holding a grudge ever since the Tilan family was destroyed by Mr. Hayes. She’s the very reason Hayes Corporation keeps failing to progress. In fact, she’s the one ordering all the big shots to go against Hayes Corporation on purpose.”
The informant told Solomon everything he knew. There was nothing to hide anymore since the former had already exposed his own colleagues After listening to him, Solomon scrunched up the pictures, finally grasping the situation. 
In other words, this accident was caused by Melinda. She’s also the reason why the Hayes family has been facing difficulty after difficulty ever since they came here. This is interesting. 
A vicious look flashed through his eyes as he sat there and stared at the pictures. Soon, midnight came. In an inconspicuous old-fashioned building, Melinda, who had not appeared in public for some time, smiled when she heard a man telling her Ian was still unconscious. 
“Well done. This is for you.” She took out two rolls of cash from her dressing table’s drawer and handed them to the man. The man accepted the cash and walked away with a grin. Meanwhile, Melinda sat in front of the dressing table and carefully put on makeup while gazing at her reflection. 
After witnessing the exchange, the housemaid, who was bringing Melinda supper, could not help but ask excitedly, “Ms. Tilan, if this Mr. Hayes dies, does it mean we’ve succeeded?” 
However, Melinda scoffed. “Succeed? Oh, it’s still too early for that. Success is when I get rid of the entire Hayes family and dominate this country again.” 
The housemaid was stumped. 
This woman is really ambitious. Well, I guess it’s understandable. Ever since Tilan Palace got destroyed and her father was captured, all her siblings vanished. Some died while some absconded. She’s the only person left who wants to restore the family to its former glory. Those useless things are nothing compared to her. 
Melinda dolled herself up prettily and got ready to go over to the customs head office.
Just then, one of her subordinates rushed in from outside. “Ms. Tilan, something bad happened! I heard that the head administrator is killed!” 
“What did you say?” Melinda’s expression changed, and her legs went weak. 
“Why would he get killed? Who dares to do that? How dare they kill him?” she questioned in shock and anger. 
“I-I don’t know. I suddenly heard a gunshot at the headquarters, and… and someone from the council went over.” The trembling subordinate dropped her another shocking news. 
The council was the most powerful organization in the country. In fact, they were in charge of the customs head office. 
Melinda started to panic. 
Truth was, she was the smartest person among the Tilans. Originally, she was merely the child of Hugo’s mistress. 
When she was brought back to Tilan Palace, she was discriminated against because of her biological mother’s identity. 
However, to carve a name for herself in Tilan Palace, she willingly pretended to be an obedient child for over ten years. She stuck close to Lacey, acting mature and obedient, and did everything as requested by her siblings. Hence, Hugo constantly heard praises of Melinda. 
What everyone did not know was that she was secretly a vicious and cunning person. 
Melinda hated Rosalie the most because the latter was the child of the legitimate wife. Moreover, Rosalie’s maternal grandmother was part of the royal family, and her power was not to be
underestimated.
###Chapter 1986
Chapter 1986
Chapter 1986 Utter Outrage 
Hence, while she had kept up appearances by treating the ailing Rosalie as well as she could all the while, the former was actually the one who had secretly orchestrated all the intrigue and ostracism that Rosalie had to contend with. That included the episode of her wanting to change her name. 
The reason for desiring that change stemmed from Rosalie’s personal fondness for Vivian’s name back in the day. She started to pay close attention to Vivian ever since the day she discovered that there was a megacorporation of equal standing with the Tilan Palace that also had an heiress. 
Afterward, she found out that Vivian had led a very blessed life. With twins for older brothers and parents who saw her as the apple of their eyes, a bright smile was always seen on Vivian’s dainty face whenever she made any media appearances. 
That made Rosalie extremely envious. From a sense of envy toward her counterpart for the family she had and her looks, Rosalie eventually arrived at a point where she also wanted to have the exact same name as the other. 
Vivian… What a lovely name. I bet it feels great to be called that name. Egged on by the incitement of her older sister Melinda, the clueless adolescent girl went on to request that Hugo rename her “Vivian.” On that occasion, Hugo stopped short of beating her to death. 
Men were naturally competitive. As the leading drug lord in Southeast Astoria, Hugo certainly did not wish for his own daughter to bear the name of someone else’s daughter, especially not the daughter of Sebastian Hayes, the man whom he didn’t have the courage to take on. 
Rosalie almost died that time.
It was only through the efforts of the house steward, Zylan, to reach out to the girl’s maternal grandmother’s family that the enraged Hugo was convinced to spare the girl’s life. 
Therefore, Melinda really was no saint. 
Rather than going out, Melinda, who sensed something amiss, immediately headed back upstairs to pack her own things in preparation to flee. 
Alas, she still acted too late. 
Shortly after, with the accompaniment of a loud bang heard coming from downstairs, the door to the courtyard was kicked in from the outside. The place was then quickly surrounded by those who had come for her. 
At the hospital, a photo was sent to Solomon’s phone sometime in the wee hours of the morning. Lowering his head to inspect it, he discovered it to be a picture of a woman’s corpse that had been left to the mercy of the strays. 
Then, he turned off his phone. 
“Why don’t you go take a break, Uncle Solomon? I can keep an eye on things here,” asked Susan. 
She saw that he was still waiting outside the intensive care unit after she went to the restroom to splash some water over her face to sober up. 
Taking note of the tired and whey-faced state she was in, Solomon shook his head. 
“You should go home. I’m going to be here, and I’ve already asked a friend of mine who is a doctor to hurry over from Jetroina. He’s going to be okay, so don’t worry.” 
“Really?”
Those words finally brought a smile to Susan’s face after a whole day of worrying. 
Following that, Susan went home. 
With her departure, Solomon was left in the now quiet hospital corridor all by himself. He spent some time looking at the boy who had tubes attached all over his body before he pulled out his own smartphone. 
Solomon: I’m sorry, Nancy. I wasn’t able to protect your son. 
His fingertips went pale as he gripped his phone tight. It was a tremendous struggle for him to be able to send that message out. 
The feeling was horrible. 
Guilt, self-blame, and dread; It had been a long time since the last time he felt these emotions. Toward the end, he no longer wanted to try to make excuses for himself. 
Nancy: How is he doing? 
Unexpectedly, that message was swiftly replied to. 
Moreover, it looked as though the woman was not too surprised by what happened. 
Solomon: He’s currently inside the intensive care unit, but if he wakes up in the morning, he should come out of it all right. 
Nancy: I see. 
Solomon had no idea how to follow up on that.
He stared at those words for a few seconds quizzically, for that response he got seemed extremely odd. 
Never taking his eyes off that text message even after he stood to his feet, a thought subsequently struck him asudden. 
Could it be him? 
At around seven in the morning, the weary figure of a towering individual appeared at the entrance of the hospital. His presence shocked Susan, who had also arrived around the same time. 
“M-Mr. Hayes? You’re here too?” 
Surprised to see that familiar face, Susan spent much time stuttering at the entrance of the hospital. 
Sebastian, who was fresh off a flight, scrutinized her. A frown formed on his face when he found her eyes puffy and her countenance pallid. 
“Did you manage to get any sleep last night?” 
“Y-Yes. Uncle Solomon’s here too. He… insisted that I go home to rest up last night,” replied a rather nervy Susan. 
It couldn’t be helped, as she was intrinsically fearful of this future father-in-law of hers. 
Upon hearing that, Sebastian nodded in satisfaction. 
“Let us go in and check on him.” 
“O-Okay.” 
With the hem of her dress held in one hand and a food jar in the other, she hastily followed Sebastian.
###Chapter 1987
Chapter 1987
Chapter 1987 Get Married Soon 
Shortly after, the pair arrived over at the wards. There, they spotted Solomon talking to a doctor in a white coat outside of the intensive care unit. “Uncle Solomon!” Susan called out when she saw him. “Mr. Hayes is here…” 
Susan’s initial intention was to inform Solomon that there was even less need to worry now that the rock of their family was there. Once her voice trailed off, however, she noticed Solomon’s back stiffened. 
A couple of minutes later, when the lot of them gathered inside the doctor’s office, Susan stood by the door and watched while the poor doctor almost crumbled from the pressure exerted by those two big shots’ formidable presence. 
“Uh… Gentlemen, although the patient has yet to regain consciousness, we’re actually quite optimistic about his prognosis. There’s nothing to worry about.” “Then he….” 
“Okay. That’s good enough.” Sebastian, who was at the side with both hands casually tucked into his own pockets, interrupted before Solomon could finish his sentence. 
Following that, the former turned to walk out. At a loss for words, it took Susan some time to react before she followed that man toward the ward. “Mr. Hayes… Does Mrs. Hayes know about this? I meant to tell you about it yesterday, but my head was all over the place. S-So I…” 
“It’s fine.” While walking ahead of her, Sebastian calmly cut her off. “You’ve handled this situation very well. I did not tell her because she isn’t well at the moment, so both of you don’t have to go back after Ian is discharged either. Just put yourselves up at the villa that we recently bought and let him recuperate there.”
It was quite remarkable how he was able to so efficiently make future arrangements for Susan and Ian within the less-than-half-an-hour period he got there. 
Nothing would have suited Susan’s wishes better. On top of not wanting to make the people back home worry, she was still feeling pangs of guilt for her own oversight that led up to that incident. Being able to fully commit to caring for her beloved was something she was more than happy to do. 
However, Solomon was not pleased when he learned about that decision. 
“Do you have any idea how badly he is hurt, Sebastian? Why do you still allow him to continue to stay on? Don’t you think you’re being very complacent? Aren’t you worried about something happening to him whilst he’s here? How do you plan to explain this to Nancy?” 
“What do I have to answer to her for? It’s not like I’m responsible for any of this!” he retorted without hesitancy. 
All of a sudden, Susan stood there dumbstruck and watched with her heart in her throat. Solomon was so incensed that he turned blue in the face. 
She wondered if she should try to step away for a bit. 
Just as she was about to move, the person behind her tossed out another couple more of those insensitive remarks. 
“What’s more, what’s the big deal about him sustaining a little injury? Back in the day, didn’t I survive lying inside the Aquene Temple for three whole years just fine? How could he call himself a man without bearing a single battle scar on his person?” 
For the longest time, the corridor along those wards was in an absolute state of silence. 
The word “scar” was fitting in this context.
In the end, Solomon kept his thoughts to himself. 
As expected, Ian, awoke in the intensive care unit at around ten o’clock. Coincidentally, Haruto arrived from Jetroina at the same time, which meant Ian would basically be in good hands. 
Susan was finally able to put her mind at complete ease. 
Following that, she left the company’s matters to the two elderly gentlemen and stayed at the hospital to look after Ian. 
On the same afternoon, the whole of Southeast Astoria saw a major report concerning Hayes Corporation, the recent talk of the town. Everyone saw on the news that apart from the head of Hayes Corporation, there was another unexpected party that would be involved in the talks with Southeast Astoria; A government representative from Hayes Corporation’s country of origin. 
Heavens. Are they going to drag politics into this as well now? 
Everyone regarded the person on television in profound shock. 
“Mr. Jadeson, concerning Hayes Corporation from your country and their business venture here, our government would be sure to be in full support. Rest assured that business development for the whole of Southeast Astoria would center exclusively around Hayes Corporation. We guarantee that you’d be able to build a massive business empire here.” 
Before the countless cameras and both the corporate and political representatives with Hayes Corporation at the press conference, those local officials were as obsequious as they could possibly be. That had not gone unnoticed by those in observance. 
No. Perhaps it should not be called being obsequious, as that would tarnish his image as a public official. Consider that being respectful!
Susan too had a laugh when she saw that scene play out on television. 
“Look, Hubby. See how capable your father is. He had them fawning all over him the second he arrived.” 
Sitting by the side of the bed, she spoke with a genial smile on her face while she accompanied Ian. 
At that moment, the man had actually fallen asleep again. After all, he had just regained consciousness from a coma. Coupled with his severe injuries, his lethargy was expected. 
Despite so, he vaguely heard what she said amidst his grogginess and responded with a grunt. His pasty lips also formed a faint smile. 
I’ve nothing to worry about so long as Daddy is around. 
The press conference marked the perfect ending to the issues surrounding Hayes Corporation. Not only were the local authorities throwing their weight behind the corporation, but they had also helped to sort out the numerous public officials who were making things hard for the corporation before this. 
That allowed Hayes Corporation to finally attain some semblance of stability. 
With all of the problems now resolved, Sebastian was ready to fly back, for if he did not, Sasha might find out that something was wrong. 
“Um… Have a safe journey, Mr. Hayes. Please rest assured that I’d take good care of Ian. I’ll call you immediately should the need ever arises.” 
Although Susan would very much prefer for Sebastian to leave after his son had come to, she could only reply that way in consideration of Sasha who was at home and still in the dark about all this. 
Sebastian nodded in acknowledgement.
“I’ve heard my wife mention that the both of you plan to collect your marriage certificate, so go ahead and get married when he’s well again. Try to settle down sooner so your Great-grandpa won’t have to keep harping about it.” 
“Huh?” 
Susan’s cheeks flushed when she heard that. 
“Does Great-grandpa… talk about this often?” 
“He’s already getting up in years. On top of that, he hasn’t been in good health for the past half a year, so it’ll really please him to be able to see his own great-grandchildren settle down before he turns a hundred,” Sebastian patiently explained further. 
He had changed significantly from the way he was before, becoming more open-minded and empathetic—That must be one of the ways people evolved into their midlife. 
Blushing, Susan assented.
###Chapter 1988
Chapter 1988
Chapter 1988 Before Coming To The End 
The situation of Hayes Corporation in Southeast Astoria had finally improved. After Sebastian had left, Solomon stayed back for a month to take care of Ian, who was injured. Solomon had only decided to return to the country when Ian could get down from the bed and walk freely. 
“I’ve made all the necessary arrangements. I’ll deploy a few capable and trustworthy employees from Hayes Corporation over. All you need to do is to handle all the important documents. You don’t have to go to the office daily,” Solomon informed Ian before leaving. 
Ian nodded. He was grateful to Solomon. “Thanks, Uncle Solomon. Sorry for all the trouble for the past month.” “Don’t mention it. We’re family. Besides, all this happened because of my bad arrangement. I’m relieved to see that you’re fine now,” Solomon said. 
He did not want Ian to make such a courteous remark as if he was an outsider. In fact, Solomon spoke to Ian as if he was talking to his own child. That was indeed how Solomon thought of Ian. 
Solomon’s eldest son Yoel was only ten years old. In other words, he might only be able to take over the company in another decade or so. Moreover, it was still too early to tell if Yoel had the capability to lead the company. 
That was why Solomon hoped this young man could take over his position. After all, they were from the same family. I would be able to take a breather and focus on my family if Ian could take up this responsibility. 
Ichika had not been in the pink of health ever since she gave birth to the twins. Fortunately, her mother came over and helped her with the children. Otherwise, she alone would not be able to look after the children.
“Take care of yourself. Once you feel better, I’ll discuss Hayes Corporation’s future with you.” “Sure, Uncle Solomon,” Ian agreed right away. 
Soon, Solomon left Southeast Astoria while the young couple stayed back. As they focused on their recovery, they also continued to expand Hayes Corporation’s empire in the region. 
Time flew by, and it was already winter. 
The elders in the family would always look forward to a family reunion during the winter season. Jonathan, who had not been feeling well in the last half of the year, started mumbling, “When are they coming back this year?” 
“We haven’t received news from them yet, Old Mr. Jadeson. But Mr. Sebastian said he would make them return to celebrate Christmas with us since most of them didn’t come back last year,” Mark, who had taken care of Jonathan for most of his life, immediately replied. 
Yet, upon hearing that, the elderly man lying in bed started throwing a fit. “How can he promise? He said the same last year, and look what happened? Call them right away to find out if they’re coming back!” 
Jonathan was so agitated that his chest heaved heavily. 
Mark dared not delay the matter any further and went to look for Sasha. 
Sasha said, “I’m not sure when they’re coming back, but I suppose Ian and Susan can’t make it. Ian sustained injuries, and he’s not fully recovered yet, so I don’t think he can take the flight.” 
Mark continued asking, “How about Ms. Vivian and Matteo?” 
Sasha answered, “Vivi should be able to join us for Christmas. She would have completed her documentary by then. As for Matteo, I heard he has gone out for another mission. Even Nina and
Natalie have not seen him in a while.” 
Worry was written all over her face when she thought of Matteo. 
In other words, only Vivian and Kurt might return. 
Mark’s heart sank when he heard that. He looked at the woman and kept mum for a moment. He then said in a deep, hoarse voice, “Mrs. Jadeson, it’s best if you could ask every one of them to come back. I’m afraid Old Mr. Jadeson’s number is up.” 
Sasha was rendered speechless by the remark. She was utterly thunderstruck. 
As she stood still, she did not know what else to say. His days are numbered? 
Her heart instantly sank. 
When Sebastian returned in the evening, Sasha updated him about Jonathan’s condition. Sebastian, too, remained silent for quite a while. 
Sebastian and Sasha knew this day would come even if Mark did not tell them. After all, Jonathan was already a nonagenarian. It was also rare for a veteran who had fought on battlefields for most of his life to live to this age. 
Most of his comrades in the military had already passed away. 
That was why the couple could fully accept the frail state that Jonathan was in right now. 
However, they were upset that Jonathan would never get a chance to see their children married and give birth to the next generation. Above all, Jonathan would never be able to reconcile with his son, who was no longer around.
The next day, Sasha rang the three children up. 
On the other hand, Sebastian went to Aquene Temple. 
He drove up the snowcapped mountain and arrived at the thousand-year-old temple at noon. To his surprise, Shin was already waiting for him at the temple’s entrance. 
“You knew I was coming?” Sebastian asked the monk clad in a grey robe. 
“Yes. His life is coming to an end, but you don’t have to be so upset. He had killed many lives in the past, but he had also saved many. That’s why he could be at peace with his own death.” The monk clasped his hands together and gazed peacefully into Sebastian’s eyes.
###Chapter 1989
Chapter 1989
Chapter 1989 Reaching The Finale 
Sebastian froze for a moment. All’s well that ends well? He only came to his senses when Shin walked him into the temple. “How about you? Would you be sad if he’s gone?” 
“Me?” Shin responded with a smile. He held the rosary and watched the snowflakes descend from the sky calmly. “Of course not. I’m sure he’ll find his place in heaven.” 
Sebastian did not know what else to say. He asked the question merely because he wanted to know what was on Shin’s mind. 
Filled with disappointment, Sebastian whispered a prayer in the main hall. When Sebastian was about to leave, Shin suddenly suggested, “You can ask him if he wishes to come and stay at the temple.” 
Sebastian looked around and asked, “You want him to come here? Why would you want to invite a dying man over?” 
His voice held a note of disdain, but the monk smiled at him. “There are certain things he finds hard to let go of. By staying in the temple, he could calm his mind and forget the things that have held him back. I believe doing so will make his journey to the other world easier.” 
Sebastian fell silent. In the afternoon, Jonathan was sent to the ancient temple on the snowcapped mountain. To everyone’s surprise, the elderly man stopped throwing tantrums right after stepping into the place of worship. 
Sebastian heaved a sigh of relief. After he returned from the mountain, Sasha told him that Vivian and Ian had assured her they would return after learning about Jonathan’s condition. 
However, Sasha could not get in touch with Matteo since he was on a mission. “Darling, do you think Matteo is out on another dangerous mission? I called Crime Investigation Unit, but they refused to tell
me where he is,” Sasha expressed her concern. 
She understood it was the duty of a cop to protect the civilians, but as a mother, she could not help but worry about her son. 
“Don’t worry, Devin is with him. I’m sure he’ll look after him,” Sebastian assured Sasha to ease her mind. They had made all the necessary arrangements. 
Just weeks before Christmas, Vivian and Kurt were among the first who informed Sebastian and Sasha that they would be home for Thanksgiving. 
Sasha was overjoyed. They will be back on Thanksgiving? That’s a month before Christmas! She was all smiles when she started preparing all their favorite dishes. 
Soon, they also learned that Ian and Susan were returning from Southeast Astoria. Since Ian had yet to fully recover, they had to take a cruise ship instead of a plane. It might take a longer time to arrive, but the journey would be less bumpy. 
All these updates exhilarated everyone in Oceanic Estate. They believed these youngsters would bring forward their weddings and celebrate their marriage while Jonathan was still around. 
Devin texted: That’s a good suggestion, but I’m afraid Vivi and Kurt can’t make it, even though Kurt would turn twenty-one years old in December. He hasn’t reached the legal age to get married. 
Sabrina replied to his text: Come on. They can always try to conceive before marriage. After reading the message in the group, Solomon could not help but frown. That woman and her ridiculous suggestion. 
He texted: Are you mad? Vivi is a modest girl from a prominent family. How could you ask her to commit such an indecent act with Kurt? She’ll become a laughing stock if everyone in Jadeborough
finds out about it. 
Rufus concurred: Solomon’s right. We can’t do that. 
Sabrina was rendered speechless. 
Though she was angered by the remark, she decided to zip her mouth. 
Chika dropped a text in the group: If that’s the case, we can only look forward to Ian’s and Susan’s wedding. That’s exciting too. Ian is the oldest grandchildren of the Jadesons, and Susan is from the Limmer family. I’m sure the two families would ginger up the wedding. 
Devin agreed: Yup. We need to make the wedding as grand as possible. That would make Grandpa happy. Solomon also texted: I can invite guests from Jetroina too. 
Ichika echoed: Yeah. I can also ask my dad to invite people from the royal family to attend the wedding. It will be spectacular. Sabrina texted: Wow. I bet it’ll be much more spectacular than your wedding. 
Solomon could not help but roll his eyes. Ichika responded: I’m sure that will be the case, Sab! Sasha scrolled through all the messages on her phone and was pleased to see how supportive all the family members were. I can’t wait to become a grandmother soon! 
Everyone in Oceanic Estate started preparing for the grand wedding before Christmas Eve. When Ian and Susan arrived, everyone immediately arranged for them to register their marriage at the civil affairs office.
###Chapter 1990
Chapter 1990
Chapter 1990 The Finale 1 
On this fateful day, the continuous snowing in Jadeborough miraculously came to a stop. Susan hurriedly sent a text message to the man in Oceanic Estate the moment she woke up. Susan: Darling, why don’t we take the subway today? 
Ian: What? He texted back almost instantly, which suggested that he had woken up early too. The smile on Susan’s face turned brighter. 
Susan: It’s Christmas Eve tomorrow! There’ll be a crowd in the streets, and we’ll be caught in the traffic if we drive. The subway is a better option. Besides, you’ve never taken the subway in your life! We can slowly find our way to our destination while enjoying the view of the city. Isn’t it great? 
Ian did not know what to reply, for he couldn’t understand what Susan was thinking. Having lived in this city for more than a decade, he had seen everything there was to see. 
However, if this was something she wanted, he would happily oblige. In the end, Ian went along with it and had the driver drop him off at the subway station. 
Jeffrey mumbled, “Is Ian out of his mind? Why is he taking the subway when he has a ride for himself?” “Don’t talk while you’re eating!” Jaena, who was about to enter high school, flicked her brother’s forehead. 
Seeing that, Olivia couldn’t help but chuckle. “Mrs. Jadeson, look at Ms. Jaena. Their family hasn’t had to worry about anything since she grew up. Even the little rascal dares not disobey his sister now!” 
Hearing that, Sasha couldn’t help but sigh as she eyed the fiery yet dashing and outstanding young girl. Their mother was unreliable, and their father would always stay in the barracks instead of staying at home. If Jaena did not take care of the family, who would?
After sending her son out, Sasha, who was a little heartbroken, gazed at the girl, walked up to her, and asked, “Jaena, where’s your mother? What is she up to today?” 
“Huh?” 
Jaena, who was preparing for Christmas, was momentarily stunned when Sasha approached her. 
“I don’t know. She was already out when I woke up. Do you need anything from her, Aunt Sasha?” 
Sasha was at a loss for words. 
Christmas is just two days away. Of course, I have something to discuss with her mother! Did they not prepare anything for the festival at Red Pavilion? They can’t just rely on Jaena every year, can they? 
Sasha was livid. 
“Nothing. I’m just asking. I heard that the high school you’re enrolling in is the best in the region. You’re really awesome! I’m proud of you!” Sasha praised sincerely as she looked at Jaena, who was busy preparing for Christmas. 
However, right as she said that, the young girl’s expression immediately fell. 
“It’s nothing. It’s just a school.” 
Is something bothering the child? 
Sasha could tell that Jaena was hiding something. 
However, given that she, too, had to prepare for Christmas and there were many things to be dealt with, Sasha ended up leaving the girl alone.
Jaena, who was carefree and not used to opening up her heart to someone else, did not dwell on this matter either. After Sasha walked away, she continued with what she had been doing. 
At half-past nine, Susan and Ian finally arrived at the civil affairs office. 
“We’re here!” Susan was a little nervous upon exiting the subway station. 
It couldn’t be helped, for this was the most crucial moment of her life. The moment she entered the office, she would no longer be Ms. Limmer but Mrs. Hayes. There was no way she could remain calm in this circumstance. 
Ian said naught a word. 
However, his grip around her hand tightened in response. 
Soon, both of them arrived at the entrance of the civil affairs office. 
Yet, what they did not expect was the crowd at the office that day. As soon as they entered the office, they were greeted by an absurdly long queue. 
“Why are there so many people today?” 
“Why, of course! Today’s a good day. Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve are just around the corner, so everyone’s waiting!” someone in the queue said happily and cheerfully. 
So that’s why. 
Susan felt happier upon hearing that. 
Although she did not really believe in superstitions, she couldn’t help but feel delighted after learning that today was a good day to get married. After all, that meant that they would stay and live happily
ever after. 
“Are you hungry?” Right then, Ian’s voice rang above her head. 
She raised her head, only to see the handsome man looking at her. His fair skin glowed in the warm sunlight and his dark eyes were like the vast starry sky. 
Looking at her own reflection in his eyes, Susan wrapped her arms around his waist. 
“What are you buying me to eat?” 
“Whatever you want.” 
“Hmm… What if I want the peaches told in Chanaea’s legend? I think they are pretty delicious,” Susan joked in a cutesy manner as she hugged Ian.
###Chapter 1991
Chapter 1991
Chapter 1991 The Finale 2 
Before Ian could say anything, someone in the queue behind them beat him to it. “Peaches? Is your wife pregnant too?” It was a man, and his eyes as he looked at Ian were filled with pity. Ian remained silent, and so did Susan. 
The man continued, “Listen, brother. When a woman gets pregnant, her food preferences will change drastically. My wife had me buy her barbequed food in the middle of the night!” “N-No! I’m not! We’re—” 
“It’s fine. You don’t have to explain. I know, I know. But then again, what you crave is just strange. It’s even harder to get it than my wife’s barbecued food. I have no idea how your husband is going to satisfy your weird cravings.” 
In that split second, Susan’s cheeks flushed, and she desperately wanted the ground to swallow her whole. 
On the other hand, Ian, whom Susan was hugging, showed a massive interest in the topic. In fact, his usual cold and emotionless eyes lit up at the mention of this. “So that’s how women behave when they’re pregnant?” 
“Yeah. That’s how they all behave.” “Then what should I do?” 
“Well, there’s nothing much you can do. All you can do is satisfy her needs. Brother, the hardest is the first three months. It’s like your wife is a completely different entity. Her preferences will change entirely, and instead of grumbling and complaining, what you should do is do everything you can to make her happy.” 
At this moment, Susan raised her head, only to see her man typing something on his phone. “W-What are you doing? Hold up! Why did you take out your phone? What are you typing?”
Ian lowered his head calmly and glanced at her. “These are all talks of experience. I should write them down…” 
Susan was rendered speechless. This is absolutely absurd! Two hours later, they finally registered and received their marriage certificate. Susan immediately dragged Ian away with the certificates in her hands upon receiving them. 
The long wait had been agonizing. With the certificates received, it was now time for the wedding. 
The wedding was set to take place on New Year’s Eve. According to Shin from Aquene Temple, that particular day was the best day for a wedding, and Sasha was extraordinarily happy to learn that. 
The night before the wedding, after finishing her work, Sasha looked at the man lying in bed and asked hopefully, “Darling, since Dad has picked the best day for us, do you think he will attend the wedding by then?” 
The man didn’t show much of a reaction. He continued reading the book in his hands and said placidly, “He can do whatever he wants.” 
Sasha sighed inwardly and did not dwell on the matter. There were so many things going on right now, so she figured she had to rest well to manage the wedding properly the next day. 
Little did she know that after she fell asleep, the man beside her put his book aside and reached out for his phone. The phone cover was cold, which meant that he had not touched it for some time. 
However, as he unlocked his phone, his handsome face darkened when he realized there were no new notifications. With a flick of his finger, he locked his phone and hurled it back to where it was. 
An uneventful night ensued. The next day, the sound of fireworks rang out from Oceanic Estate before the sky brightened, waking everyone up from their sleep.
Solomon and Ichika’s twin babies were the first to react as they started crying. Hearing that, Ichika could only wake up and calm her babies. 
Solomon did not stay idle as he went to get some milk for his sons. “What’s wrong? Did the fireworks startle them?” 
Solomon looked at his mother-in-law and asked about his eldest son. “Yeah, but it’s okay. I’ll go get them some milk. Oh, Mom, did you see Yoel? He wasn’t in his room when I checked on him just now. Where did he go so early in the morning?” 
Hearing that, Aoi flashed a huge smile. “He’s the page boy for the wedding, and Nat’s the flower girl. Vivian took them out. They’re putting on makeup as we speak.” 
The prestigious lady who had been shackled by her country’s conservative etiquette was slowly setting her true nature free at the mention of her little grandson. 
Solomon chuckled when he captured the woman’s every expression on her face before he returned to his room with the milk bottles. 
While the babies were being comforted, the Hayeses who stayed in the training ground departed eagerly as soon as they heard the fireworks. They departed to their destination not as guests, but as helpers. 
Saul ordered, “Ladies, go look for Sasha and see if there’s anything you can help with.” “Got it,” the ladies of the Hayes family nodded. With that, they swarmed toward the hall in search of Sasha and offered their help. 
As for Saul and the other men, they headed toward the wedding venue, for their help was much more needed over there. After all, the wedding would be the largest and grandest wedding the entire
Jadeborough had ever seen.
###Chapter 1992
Chapter 1992
Chapter 1992 The Finale 3 
Sasha, who had been observing everything, was deeply moved. After helping everyone to settle down, she arrived at the quietest and most elegant bamboo garden where she could admire the sea. She found her father, Rufus, who lived there. 
“Dad, I’d like to give you a task.” “What is it?” Rufus, who had already changed into a vibrant purple satin coat, lifted his head and glanced at his daughter. 
Sasha walked over to help him button his coat and said, “I’d like you to pay Aquene Temple a visit. Sebastian doesn’t talk about this matter much, but I know, deep down, he still wants to bring his father over.” 
“Right?” Rufus was stunned. Truth was, the matter had crossed his mind, but he did not think it was appropriate of him to bring it up. 
“All right. I’ll make a trip to the temple, but Sasha… I think you should prepare for the worst. His father is a monk. It’s their rule not to participate in these worldly things” 
“I know. That’s why I’m asking you to try. Even if he didn’t come, a call or something would be great, too. Don’t you agree?” Sasha asked, her eyes sparkling with tears. 
Rufus fell silent when he heard that. After some time, he left Oceanic Estate with Lance and began their journey toward Aquene Temple. 
In the end, Rufus still accepted the task and left for the temple. Of course, neither Rufus nor Sasha told Sebastian about it. 
At eleven o’clock in the morning, the much anticipated grand wedding finally kicked off at a famous five-star hotel owned by Hayes Corporation in Royal Square of Jadeborough.
“Dear guests, family, and friends, thank you for coming to the Jadeson family’s wedding that’s being watched by everyone in our country. Let us welcome the patriarch of the family to give a speech.” 
Following the emcee’s words, everyone saw a handsome man in a suit walking up the stage in the middle of the square, which was brightly lit with spotlights. 
He was still as handsome as ever. 
The only thing different about him was that he had become more solemn after his seniority had risen by a generation. He had the charisma of an elegant and mature man. 
Sebastian, also known as Yariel, would forever be the greatest being of the country and an inimitable form of faith in everyone’s hearts. 
“Hello, everyone. Thank you for coming to my son’s wedding. Now that I look back, the Jadesons have never held such a grand event. I hope everyone here can enjoy such glorious moments in the future. I believe the sun will shine brightly on everyone.” 
As he stood before everyone, his calm voice and encouraging words filled everyone’s hearts with emotions. 
Immediately after, a deafening applause sounded. 
Almost everyone at the scene teared up. 
The words “the sun will shine brightly on everyone” echoed in everyone’s mind. 
That had always been Sebastian’s belief. Perhaps he had never imagined he could one day be so powerful when he was still the president of Hayes Corporation. 
Then again, fate seemed to be predestined most of the time, and Sebastian was born for the world.
Soon, the wedding began. 
Ian, also dressed in a suit, stood on the stage. Tears started welling in his eyes when he saw a beautiful woman in a wedding gown being led toward him slowly. 
Never in his wildest dreams did he imagine they would be married one day. 
Watching as she finally arrived before him, Ian pulled out a wedding ring, the only ring one could custom-make once in a lifetime. 
He uttered unknowingly, “You can’t run away from me now.” 
Susan did not respond. 
Hot tears filled her eyes as she stared at Ian, who was smiling sillily. Her heart was instantly filled with a warm sensation. 
She had such a huge lump in her throat that she could not say a word. 
“Mr. Ian Hayes, do you take Ms. Susan Limmer as your lawfully wedded wife? Do you promise to love her in sickness and in health, for poorer or for richer, and—” 
“I do!” 
The officiant was taken aback. He then continued, “And Ms. Susan Limmer—” 
“I do. I, Susan Limmer, will only belong to Ian Hayes no matter what happens,” Susan choked out after lifting her head. 
Then, under everyone’s gaze, she stood on her toes and kissed Ian on the lips.
No one knew how much she loved that man. 
Everyone at the wedding cheered happily. 
“This is so touching… I’m going to cry…” Vivian was so touched by the scene that fat tears began rolling down her cheeks. 
As soon as those words left her mouth, the person beside her pulled her hand and stuffed it into his pocket. 
“There are six hundred and eighty-nine days left!” 
“Huh?” Vivian glanced at the man beside her, dumbfounded. 
Six hundred and eighty-nine? What’s that supposed to mean? 
When she snapped out of her daze, she noticed the solemn gaze in Kurt’s eyes, which made her shudder. 
“K-Kurt, what’s wrong? Are you angry? Haha, I was just joking. You treat me well, too. I—mmm!” 
Suddenly, she could not breathe. 
Kurt had, surprisingly, forced a kiss on her in front of so many people. 
This is too much!
###Chapter 1993
Chapter 1993
Chapter 1993 The Finale 4 
The wedding ceremony went on for two hours before the feast began. Seeing that, Sasha went looking for her father hurriedly, wanting to get some updates on the situation. To her dismay, the wives of influential people gathered around her the moment she turned around. 
“Congratulations, Mrs. Jadeson! Now that you’ve become a mother-in-law, you’ll become a grandmother soon.” 
“That’s right. You’re so blessed, Mrs. Jadeson.” “Congratulations!” Sasha had no choice but to entertain the group of women. 
Of course, Sebastian was busier. However, he was not greeting the guests. Instead, he was pushing Jonathan around, accompanying the latter to meet the people he wanted to talk to. 
Jonathan was more than delighted by the arrangement. Since Sebastian’s hands were full, he could only let another family member handle the rest, and that person was Devin. 
“Lieutenant Colonel Jadeson, the guests’ seats are there. Apart from the bride’s family, which VIP guests would you like to be specially arranged?” 
“The Hayes, Wand, and the Minamoto family. Make sure you get them seated properly,” Devin instructed swiftly. The emcee immediately left to carry out the task. Devin wanted to check on other matters when someone suddenly ran toward him. 
“Hubby, this is bad. M-My uncle and his family are here.” “Who?” Devin looked at his anxious wife, unable to follow her words promptly. Uncle? 
Devin looked confused. He did not understand what was going on until he saw someone leading two guests over who claimed to be from the Soprano family. The Soprano family…
Sebastian, too, noticed them half an hour later. He was standing in the private room of the hotel when they showed up in front of him. There was a sense of familiarity in the blurred memories in his mind. 
The elderly man, who had similar facial features as Sebastian, revealed something with trembling hands and said guiltily, “Sebastian, your aunt and I know we don’t deserve to attend your son’s wedding, nor do we have the right to appear with you again. That’s why we’re only here to give you something.” 
He was Cory Soprano, Sebastian and Sabrina’s uncle. 
The Soprano family was indeed responsible for what had happened to Frieda back then. Jonathan had been furious when he found out that Shin was in love with Frieda, and he had gone looking for the Soprano family. 
After that, the Soprano family used all kinds of methods to stop Frieda from seeing Shin. 
During that time, Frieda was determined to be with Shin. She even took her household register secretly to get their marriage registered. As soon as that was done, Frieda was kicked out of the house. She did not even have a shelter when she was pregnant. If it had not been for Frederick, she would have died with Sebastian on the streets. 
That was why Frederick had stopped keeping in touch with the Soprano family. 
Sebastian’s expression was terrifyingly frosty. In the end, it was Devin who accepted the gift from Cory. He realized it was a letter and a gold-inlaid medal. 
“This is…” 
“That’s the letter my sister wrote to my father. She wanted him to accept Shin,” Cory lamented, gazing at his nephew with red-rimmed eyes. “We weren’t planning to show up at the wedding today, but Mr.
Wand gave me a call saying your father has been trapped in the guilt of your mother’s tragic death and is unable to forgive himself. That’s why we wanted to give this to you today.” 
Sebastian was stunned. 
It’s my father-in-law who called him? 
Finally, Sebastian took the two items and walked into the lounge alone. 
What would a girl in her twenties, who wanted to marry a man, write to her father? What else can it be apart from telling her father how much she loved that man? How sweet could their relationship be to convince her father? 
Sebastian opened the letter. He did not have high hopes, nor did he have any intentions to study the letter properly until he read a specific sentence. 
It read: Dad, you always say the women of the Soprano family are different. We can’t give birth to healthy boys. That’s why you made my sister get an abortion whenever she was pregnant. But Shin says fate is meant to be broken. Since you’re unwilling to do it, Shin will be the first. Dad, I’m afraid of hell, but I’d rather go to hell if I’m faced with a cage that’ll imprison me for the rest of my life. However, Shin isn’t the way to hell. He’s my hope. Dad, I won’t regret it no matter what. 
For a long while, Sebastian stood there with his head lowered to look at the yellowed letter, totally lost in a daze. 
He did not move or say anything, looking as if his soul had left his body. 
Suddenly, he seemed to picture a crazy woman running toward him like a child while calling him Sebby. 
“Mom…” he muttered through gritted teeth as if the word pained him.
Hot tears fell onto the letter. 
That was the exact scene Sasha saw the moment she stepped into the room after hearing the news. Immediately, she felt a pang in her heart, and she hurried over to hold him in her embrace. 
“Don’t be sad. Let’s take this to meet Dad, all right? He’s been waiting for this.” 
Sebastian eventually nodded.
###Chapter 1994
Chapter 1994
Chapter 1994 Extra 1 
It was evening by the time Sasha and Sebastian arrived at Aquene Temple. The sudden change of environment from a lively wedding to a quiet forest made it hard for them to adapt. 
There was absolute silence until the sound of the bell rang out in the forest at night. Dong! 
“We’re here.” Hearing the loud yet melodious bell, Sasha alighted from the car, her eyes glinting with hope as she stared at the temple in the distance. 
Monks of the modern world were no longer as strict as they were in the past. The public would not judge them strictly, either. 
Hence, Sasha had been holding on to the hope that Shin would descend the mountain with them and reunite with his family. 
However, when the couple approached Shin, who was meditating in the main hall of the temple, with the letter and the medal, he stared at the items fixedly for some time. 
Following that, he got up and entered the meditation room. “Darling?” Sasha turned to the man behind her when she saw that. 
Right then, she realized Sebastian was also watching the retreating figure as if he was waiting and pondering about something. At last, he said nothing and merely watched Shin walk away. 
That night, Sasha and Sebastian stayed the night at the temple. 
It was the same meditation room. This time, however, there was an air conditioner installed in the room. The modern machine looked out of place in the vintage-looking meditation room.
Sasha enjoyed the warmth of the room very much. 
However, she was so anxious that she kept opening the door throughout the night while wrapped in a blanket. There was no movement out there and she saw nothing. 
Seeing Sasha standing in front of the door, Sebastian, who was lying on the bed, mumbled unhappily, “What are you looking at? Come back here and get some sleep. It’s cold out there.” 
Sasha had no choice but to shut the door. 
When she returned to the bed and snuggled into Sebastian’s embrace, she hugged his slim waist and murmured, “Darling, do you think Dad will come back with us tomorrow morning now that he’s seen that?” 
Much to her surprise, Sebastian gave her a definite answer. “Yes.” 
He had always been emotionally restrained and cared about his dignity. 
Thus, it was rare to get that kind of answer from him. 
Feeling relieved, she lay in Sebastian’s embrace and soon drifted off to sleep. 
The sky was already bright by the time the couple woke up the next day. 
Sebastian was the first to wake up because he heard a faint sound of a monk chanting outside. 
Do they pray so early in the morning? 
Sebastian stole a glance at Sasha, who was sound asleep beside him. He placed her gently under the blankets, got out of bed, and briefly tidied himself before leaving the room. 
“Good morning, Sebastian.”
The second he stepped out of the room, he saw a familiar figure. 
It was the pupil who constantly followed Shin around. Upon seeing Sebastian, the former placed his hands in front of his abdomen in a respectful manner as if he had been waiting for him. 
The sight before Sebastian made his heart skip a beat, and he had a bad feeling about it. 
“What’s the matter? Where is he?” Sebastian asked coldly, glancing at the entrance of the hall that was filled with monks. 
The monk lowered his head, saying, “Sebastian, Master passed away last night. Before he left, he instructed me to give you these and remind both of you not to be sad, for he has just gone to a place where he needs to go.” 
With that, he took out something from his pocket. 
Sebastian was dumbstruck. 
What’s the meaning of this? He passed away? How? He was all right yesterday. Why would that old baldy pull such an act? He could’ve just stayed here if he didn’t want to descend the mountain. What’s this now? 
Sebastian’s chest rose and fell violently, his face ghostly pale. 
He looked as if he was about to explode with rage. 
The monk instinctively took a step back when he saw Sebastian’s reaction. 
Thankfully, Sasha had awakened and exited the room. The moment she saw the scene, she hurried over to Sebastian.
“Darling, calm down. Darling!” she yelled, grabbing his arm forcefully to make him calm down. 
However, her efforts were useless. It was impossible for anyone to accept such devastating news. Moreover, they had been extremely sure last night that Shin would leave with them. 
Sasha held onto him for a long time, her nails digging into his flesh. 
It was only then that the redness in his eyes gradually faded. 
“Why? Why is he doing this?” he uttered the first thing he snapped back to reality. His words were laced with sorrow and suppressed fury. 
The monk shuddered. 
After some time, he lowered his head and suggested, “Sebastian, perhaps you should come with me and take a look for yourself.” 
With that, the monk turned and left. 
Seeing that, Sasha pulled Sebastian to follow the monk. Not long after, when the duo arrived at their destination, Sasha raised her head, only to realize they were standing under a huge maple tree in front of the thousand-year-old temple. 
“This is…” 
“Come over here and take a look.” The monk pointed to where he was standing.
###Chapter 1995
Chapter 1995
Chapter 1995 Extra 2 
Sasha quickly tugged Sebastian’s hand to lead him over to the spot. To their surprise, it was a tiny mound. There was nothing on it but a rare sacred fig planted beside it. Its thick trunk and luxuriant leaves protected the mound firmly. 
“This was planted by Master. In fact, he planted this before I came to this temple. Ever since I came here, I had been seeing him meditating here day and night.” “Why did he come here to meditate?” 
“That’s because the old master of the temple says there’s something buried under this place that belongs to Master’s old friend. He had been doing this for decades until you two showed up,” the monk said truthfully. 
Sasha froze. As she turned around, she saw that Sebastian’s face had been drained of color, and he was staring fixedly at the mound. He was so still as if his feet were rooted to the ground. 
The old friend was, of course, none other than Frieda. Sasha could not help but wonder how Shin had endured all the pain for so many years. 
Rather than telling the world that Eddie had forced him to stay in the temple, Shin had chosen to imprison himself here to atone for his sins, repent and drown in guilt. 
Perhaps while he was meditating in front of the sacred fig, he had wondered if Frieda would not have had such a tragic end if he did not insist on marrying her. 
Sadly, there was no turning back. 
Sebastian went over to the mound slowly and lowered his head to see a stone that was polished until it was smooth. Finally, he shut his eyes and asked, “So, is he free from his misery now?”
“Sebastian, Master had already resigned to his fate long ago. He suffered a lot of persecution when he was forced to become the devil of Aquene Temple. The only reason he could hang on till now was his strong will and worry for you. Now that both matters have been resolved, it was only a matter of time before he passed away,” the monk said calmly. 
He was not sad about the happenings. Rather, he felt a sense of relief when he saw that his master was finally free from his decades of suffering there. 
Maybe this is the difference between religion and the world. 
Sebastian said nothing else. 
He merely stood there, still holding on to the children’s bracelet that had faded in color, and stared at them in a daze. 
Sasha asked sadly, “He kept these for you, didn’t he? He didn’t get to bring them back before something happened to you and your mom.” 
She had finally proven that the elder did not choose to become a monk. 
In truth, he had been praying for his loved ones and keeping the children’s bracelet all that while. The most basic requirement to become a monk was to be free of desires and emotions. 
Shin, however, had failed to do that. 
He had been thinking of Frieda and Sebastian all the time. He just did not want or have the guts to admit it. If it were not for the letter and the medal, he would probably continue suffering for a long time. 
When Sasha left the temple with Sebastian, she was still feeling sorrowful and even guilty. 
She felt that Shin would not have died if not for her arrangement.
“Darling, I’m sorry. I—” 
“Look! The flowers have bloomed!” Holding her hand, Sebastian suddenly pointed at the bush that had withered in the winter. 
Sasha was puzzled. 
Flowers? 
She turned to look in the same direction. 
It was the coldest season and withered plants were scattered all over the temple entrance. Yet, she saw tiny purple flowers blooming under the sun in the withered bush. 
What flowers are these? 
Sasha inched over, lowering her head to study it. It was at that moment that she realized it was a seedling that had grown from the fallen seeds of the sacred fig. 
The seedling was on the purplish spectrum, which made it look like a flower at a glance. 
The sacred fig is blooming… 
The couple pulled out a huge batch of it. 
Sasha asked, “Are you sure you want to plant it at Oceanic Estate?” 
Sebastian replied, “I’m going to give some to the three of them.” 
Sasha was nonplussed.
Will a plant like this survive after transplantation? Besides, he wants to give it to the other three. One of them is in Southeast Astoria, another is in Yartran, and the last one is nowhere to be found. Will this plant… 
Still, Sasha said nothing. After packing the seedling, both of them went home. 
As soon as they arrived at Oceanic Estate, they recounted the entire story to the family members who had been waiting for them. Everyone was stunned after listening to the story. Jonathan, especially, fell silent for a long time. 
Sasha and Sebastian were worried when they noted his reaction. 
To their surprise, Jonathan merely felt depressed for a short while. After that, he had been fine until the fifteenth of the month.
###Chapter 1996
Chapter 1996
Chapter 1996 Extra 3 
The new year had begun, and everyone became busy once more. The newlyweds, Ian and Susan, planned on leaving for Southeast Astoria on the sixteenth. Ian was now the person in charge over there, so he had to rush over. After all, Hayes Corporation’s growth over there over the past six months had been tremendous. 
Sasha could only help them with the packing. “Mom, there is no need to pack so many things. We can buy everything we need there.” 
Susan was terrified when she looked at her mother-in-law. Sasha ignored her and continued packing for the two of them. 
Once she was done packing for them, she moved on to packing for Vivian and Kurt. Vivian was in Yartran at the time while Kurt was working in a construction company in Gronga. 
That made Sasha worry. “When are you two going to live together? Seriously, it’s so troublesome for me to pack two sets of everything,” she complained. She felt a headache coming as she looked at the items in front of her that came in pairs. 
Kurt’s ears turned red, for he still felt a little shy when hearing those words from an elder. 
Vivian, on the other hand, wasn’t bothered at all. Seeing how troubled her mother was, she said, “We’re already living together. Just one set is enough.” Sasha was dumbstruck. “Huh?” 
Kurt was utterly speechless. The situation became even more awkward. He couldn’t help but turn his head to look in another direction. 
After packing for two of her kids, Sasha focused on packing Matteo’s things. She was going to get Devin to hand everything to Matteo when he dropped Natalie and Nina there.
Nina will be fine. She’s a big girl now and is independent and smart. The one I’m more worried about is Nat. “Nat, remember to behave and listen to your uncle, okay?” Sasha looked at her, who was playing the piano, and stroked her head. 
Natalie didn’t respond. Her tiny hands kept dancing away on the piano, and at that moment, she looked so much like her talented father. 
Sasha let out a sigh. Just as she was about to look for Devin, Natalie piped up, “I don’t want to leave anymore.” “Huh?” Sasha turned to look at Natalie. “What did you just say? You don’t want to leave?” 
“Yes, I’m not leaving. I want to stay here and learn from you. I have decided that I want to become a doctor like you. That way, I can treat many patients and save them.” 
Natalie was still playing the piano as she spoke to Sasha. She sounded as if she was chatting casually with the latter when in fact she had announced a huge decision. 
Sasha was stunned. 
It took her some time before she made her way to Natalie. 
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes, I am. I will study hard so that I’ll get accepted into the best university in the world. After that, I will become the best doctor there is!” 
Natalie, who had just started middle school, finally stopped playing the piano. 
She turned away from the piano and looked into Sasha’s eyes. At that moment, the glow in Natalie’s eyes was just as bright as that of her mother. Sasha had never seen such determination and clarity in anybody’s eyes before. A doctor…
Sasha stared at Natalie for quite some time before she finally smiled, tears rolling down her cheeks. She reached out and hugged the child tightly. 
She’s finally opening up! She has taken her first step and is dealing with her grief. Maybe that is what makes her realize that she wants to be a doctor. She witnessed how her father died after all. It’s only natural that would inspire her to become a doctor and save others. 
Sasha was so touched that she couldn’t control herself. 
“Okay, I’ll promise you this. As long as this is what you truly want, I will do everything I can to send you to the best school and help you become a great doctor.” 
“Okay.” Natalie nodded. The Jadesons were excited and pleased when they heard the news. They canceled Natalie’s flight tickets and helped set everything up so she could stay in the country and study. That meant that Nina was the only one left. 
Kurt suggested, “Natalie’s not leaving anymore, so maybe you should stay too. It’d be nice to study together.” 
Nina refuted, “Why should I stay? She’s her own person and so am I. I’ve been studying well there, so why should I give up just because she doesn’t want to leave anymore?” 
This little brat doesn’t respect her big brother at all! Kurt’s face clouded over. Fortunately, Sasha was around and saw what was going on. She immediately stepped forward to stop the siblings from arguing. 
“It’s fine. If Nina wants to go, then we should let her go. I heard that she did really well over well. Kids always get excited when they meet teachers and peers who inspire them. This will be good for her.” “But—”
“Okay, I’m putting an end to this discussion. You don’t need to worry about any of this. All I want is for you to take care of Vivi for me. I will make sure Nina is fine.” 
Sasha only wanted to get rid of her future son-in-law. Nina was rather mature, so she wasn’t that worried. Vivian, on the other hand, had never learned how to be independent because Kurt had basically spent the last few years spoiling her. That was why she was worried more about Vivian. 
In the end, Kurt had no choice but to leave. Nina was delighted, and she left with Devin that very night.
###Chapter 1997
Chapter 1997
Chapter 1997 Extra 4 
Peace returned to Oceanic Estate once the kids had left. Now that everything was settled, the couple, who had been busy, decided to take a good rest. They thought about staying in Avenport for a few days to keep Rufus company. 
However, on the seventeenth, Mark showed up to inform them that Jonathan had passed away. Sasha and Sebastian stayed in their room for a long, long time. It was simply too sudden. 
There was no warning at all. Jonathan, the powerful warrior who had survived hundreds of battles, had left the world just like that. Worse still, it happened after everyone had left Oceanic Estate. 
Sebastian broke down a little after receiving the news. He had just mourned his father’s passing before the new year, and now his grandfather was gone, too. 
He locked himself in Jonathan’s room and stayed there all afternoon, guarding over the latter’s body. Not once had he ever left. 
“Will he be okay?” 
Mark was rather worried after he saw how Sebastian reacted. 
Surprisingly, Sasha was much calmer. She knew that the day would come. After all, that was the reason they had held her son’s wedding in advance. They wanted to fulfill Jonathan’s last wish and make him happy. 
That was why Sasha accepted his death rather quickly. While Sebastian locked himself in the room, she calmly planned the funeral and informed their friends and family who had just attended Ian’s wedding.
Oceanic Estate was once again bustling with activity that evening. However, instead of beautiful wedding decorations, the house was filled with condolence flowers. 
“He left so suddenly. I can’t believe he passed away just days after his great-grandson’s wedding.” “Yeah. He didn’t get to see the birth of his great-great-grandchild.” 
Everyone who came for the funeral was sad to see how the cheery ambiance from just two weeks ago had turned into something so sorrowful. 
However, someone else spoke up soon after. 
“That is not true. He’s blessed. He’s over ninety years old. I heard that he had been unwell and had lived in a temple for some time. Now that he got to see his great-grandson get married and even passed away after the festive season, I’d say that this is as blessed as a person can get.” 
“I guess you’re right.” The revelation hit everyone after they heard those words. 
He’s right. Old Mr. Jadeson passed away in his nineties. That means he had lived longer than most people out there. On top of that, God had been merciful to him. He got to see everyone he wanted to see one last time, and he left in a way such that he wouldn’t burden his children or grandchildren. Only a handful of people could have such a blessing. 
Suddenly, everyone became jealous of Jonathan. 
The Jadesons weren’t that heartbroken, either. They had been mentally prepared. Even Sebastian managed to calm himself down and take over the planning of the funeral after he came out of Jonathan’s room. 
“Darling, should we tell the kids about this?”
“No. He chose to go on this day because he didn’t want the kids to be sad. We’ll let them know after the funeral.” 
Sebastian’s voice was thick with tears. He had a white flower on his chest and was standing solemnly by the condolence flowers. 
Sasha, who was also standing at the side and welcoming the guest, couldn’t help glancing at the photo of the deceased. 
Jonathan was smiling so happily. 
It was almost as though he could see who was standing right in front of his portrait. His grandson, the heir he favored the most, was right there with him. 
The funeral was simple. 
Mark claimed that it was what Jonathan wanted. 
However, despite Jonathan’s wishes, there were still too many mourners there to pay their condolences. As Devin had left to take Nina to Matteo, Sasha and Sebastian could only recruit more help. 
“The Coopers are here, Mrs. Jadeson,” informed Olivia as she made her way to Sasha. 
Sasha, who had been welcoming the guests in person, smiled upon hearing that. 
The Coopers being there was good news because the siblings, especially Riley, were very capable and could help a lot. 
Sasha left to meet the siblings right away.
“Edmund, Riley, you’re both here. Thank you so much.” 
“It’s fine. We’re family, aren’t we? Just stay where you are, Sasha. I’ll deal with everything else,” Riley said. 
Sasha thought, Riley is indeed a good helper. I don’t have to worry so much now that she’s offered to help. 
She then looked at her husband, who was standing beside her and who only had eyes for her. At that moment, she couldn’t ask for anything more. 
“Okay. Thank you so much. Wait… If you’re both here, then who’s taking care of Ronald? He’s just a kid. Did you leave him alone at home?” Sasha quickly asked when she saw that they did not bring the child with them.
###Chapter 1998
Chapter 1998
Chapter 1998 The End 
Riley chuckled. “Don’t worry. He’s at his granny’s place. I wanted to take him here at first, but then I thought about the crowd and how his immune system is still fragile, so I changed my mind.” 
“That’s good to know.” Sasha sighed in relief. “You did the right thing. He doesn’t need to be here. He’s too young to understand any of this and is physically weak. It’s better not to risk anything. How are his grandparents, by the way?” 
“They’re doing much better now. We changed Ronald’s surname and let them have his household register. They will surely get better now that they have someone to think about and love. Plus, my brother is staying with them now.” 
Here, Riley turned to look at her brother, who was greeting the guests at that time. Love, regret, and a hint of worry shone in her eyes. 
Sasha didn’t know what to say. Just as she found the right words, more guests showed up. She had no choice but to hurry to them and thank them for dropping by. 
There was no such thing as perfection in this world. Sasha had managed to help that poor woman keep the baby, and that was a miracle in itself. 
Perhaps that was what the man owed. He would have to repent and repay the two elders for what he had done. Three days later, the funeral was finally over. 
Returning from the cemetery, the couple saw how Oceanic Estate had already been cleaned and tidied up. The place suddenly seemed so big and empty. 
“Sebby, are we going to be the lonely old couple who live in a big house now?” “Huh?” Sebastian, standing at the side, raised his brows in dissatisfaction after he heard those words.
Old couple? I’m only in my forties. How am I old? He let go of her hand and walked to the bar to get a bottle of expensive wine out of the cabinet. He opened the bottle and poured two glasses before handing one to her. 
“Lonely? Wouldn’t it sound nicer to just say that we finally get to spend all of our time with each other now?” “Huh?” Sasha took the glass. “Our time?” 
“Yeah. We were both busy when we were younger and couldn’t spend much time enjoying our lives. Now that we are finally free, we get to spend our time however we like.” 
Sebastian ignored the housemaids at home and reached out to pull Sasha into his embrace. Sasha’s heart skipped a beat. 
Seriously, what is wrong with him? Why is he seducing me even though he’s already in his forties? D*mn it, and why am I reacting to this? 
Sasha blushed. “What do you mean?” 
“From now on, I will go wherever you want to go. If you want to, we can travel the world together. Darling, it’s time we enjoy our lives together.” 
His warm breath brushed against her eyelashes, causing her heart to thump faster. I can go wherever I want to go… And we’ll enjoy our lives together… 
Sasha looked up and right into the man’s eyes. The past they had shared together flashed across her mind, prompting tears to well up in her eyes. 
We’ve been through so much, and we’ve never got to spend our time enjoying the simple things in life and being in each other’s company.
He’s right. The rest of the time belongs to us now. “Okay. We’ll spend the rest of our lives together. You will be by my side at all times. I love you, Sebastian.” “I love you, too.”
